The Bellagio has great rooms, great food and beatiful decor. However, some of the staff was rude or not helpful. We had a power problem in the hotel during the President's Day weekend, and our reservations for my grandma's 70th birthday party in the Picasso restaurant were ruined because of this. Elevator lines were long because only 1 elevator worked, keys to hotel rooms weren't working, and services were delayed. Also, when my parents were having their carpet cleaned, chemicals spilled everywhere and nothing was done. In addition, my 2 year-old brother cut his finger on some broken glass on the coffee table, and restaurant service was slow.
I was sitting at the slots for over an hour not one waitress came by to take a drink order. Man.
Why, oh why does everyone love this place? I might give it three stars, but it loses one for lack of value. I've stayed at Bill's on the same intersection, and the rooms at the Bellagio, worn by years of use and in dire need of updating, aren't much better. They aren't even much bigger. I normally stay at the Wynn, and there's no comparison. The two hotels are not even in the same league when it comes to standard room size, bedding and beds and bathrooms, so I don't see how Bellagio can charge what it does, except for pure reputation. Its location is both a blessing and a curse. Yes, it's convenient and central, but that also means it's constantly stuffed to the gills with wandering tourists, which strips it of any sense of exclusivity or luxury. Check-in and checkout feels like a cattle call. Here's the real hint: With the exception of the pool, the best parts of the Bellagio can be enjoyed by non-guests. By all means enjoy the excellent restaurants, beautiful fountains and incredible lobby and gardens. Just don't bother overpaying for a sub-Hampton room to do so.
For the price I would recommend staying at the Venetian or Wynn instead.  The service is much better and at least you get what you pay for.  The Bellagio was way overpriced for what you get.  . . I'll start with my favorite parts of this hotel:  There is a nice big soaking tub in every room, the pool area is very relaxing, and the hotel itself is pretty.   . . Otherwise, we waited 45min to check into our room.  It was 11pm at night and the hotel staff was not very friendly.  Be prepared to have a $600 holding fee placed on your credit card that will be removed when you leave.  The TV in our room was old and most of our channels were either in Chinese or were Bellagio advertisement television.  Our sheets were stained with self tanner and they had cigarette burn holes in them.  The shower door would not close and the air conditioner didn't work well.  We were even in the main building on the 24th floor which is supposed to be the nicer rooms.  The cleaning staff woke us up every morning aggressively slamming doors.  In order to keep the doors open while they cleaned they would open the lock latch and let the door slam on the metal as they went in and out.  This makes a wonderful BAM!! noise all morning long.  The television was supposed to have a nice express check out option for early check outs but the feature would not work in our room.  Also, do not be tricked by the computer room there for your "convenience" in the hotel lobby.  We wanted to print our plane tickets (which was supposed to be an amenity and apart of the reason for the $22 daily resort fee) but the concierge had left for the night.  An annoyed Bellagio employee told us to use the computer room.  It's $1 per minute to use the internet with a $10 minimum charge.  The internet was nice and slow and it cost us $1 per page to print our tickets.  . . After staying at the Bellagio I feel that there must be a big "Sucker" sign stamped on my forehead because they nickel and dimed me to death.  Please make sure to ask what everything costs or you will be paying $14 for two small glasses of orange juice or $16 for a mixed drink in a plastic cup by the pool like we did.
This hotel has really gone down hill since my last visit.  The room we were initially given had several broken items, including the drapery, 3 lightbulbs were out in the room and bathroom.  The kicker, and the reason I will NEVER stay here again;  MOLD!!!  So gross and awful, the bathroom had mold growing in the shower from the base to 3' up the wall.  I can live with some mold in a corner here or there, but this was just the worst I have ever seen in any hotel.. . We asked to change rooms and that took 4 hours for a room to become available, all while we needed to shower.  We were as nice and as understanding as could be and were surprised at what was offered for compensation for the inconvenience; A $50 credit!  Really?  I did get a letter in the mail from Bellagio offering a free room upgrade to lake view on my NEXT visit... They should have tried this on my last visit and I may have considered a return visit.. . I must say, I write this with much sadness as I have gotten to know many of the staff members in the restaurants there and have enjoyed them tremendously over the years and they are the reason that I even give Bellagio 2 stars.  There are just too many great places to stay in Vegas now.  Next, we will give The Wynn a try...
During my last visit to Vegas, I decided to try this place out. After hearing so many darn good things about this place, I truly hoped all those positive comments weren't based off the hype of Ocean's Eleven series. . . The only food that made me go back for seconds was tenderloin. Besides that, everything else were just waste of money. To be honest, I tasted better at Wicked Spoon, Rio, and Mirage.. . Maybe they used to be great and somehow they are now on a downhill but from my personal experience, definitely not worth the money.
The hotel rooms and bathrooms really needs refurbishing.  My shower had mold and the shower head had green stuff all over it.  The bathroom was missing bath gel, shampoo,  shower caps....I felt that being a guest at their hotel was not important to them.
Beautifull but very noisy, between the room, no privacy. I coulnt sleep because of my neighbourg, and the security or the front desk never answer.. For the rate, I pretend more isolation in the rooms
Overpriced ,overcrowded.. . I truly don't get this place (or Vegas for that matter).. . I have a friend that had some comps,who gave me a gift card to take my elderly aunt and sister to the buffet here ,but they quit giving out line passes.. . What that means is that at lunch or dinner,there are about 200 hundred people in line and about an hour to two hour wait .. . When you've got a cranky 86 year old it's not much different than a cranky 3 year old,except the 86 year old can dish out f bombs at a higher rate than the 3 year old.. . I ended up trying to use the credit at some of the other eateries in the place by myself,but the prices at these places were just atrocious.. . Even if you have a $150 buck credit,you notice how much of a rip off these places are when compared to places in the bay area.. . Danko's and Masa's seem cheap in comparison.. . But as the locals say,if you want to lose money,the strip is the fastest place to do it.
The service here is TERRIBLE.. . A couple of friends and I made it to our room around 3am on a Friday night, 2 minutes after entering our room filled with smoke.  We called the front desk telling them about the situation and they told us they'd send someone up.  We sat outside our room for over 30 minutes waiting..  If it wasn't for a housekeeper to walk by we probably would of never had anyone help us.  Long story short their heaters were the cause of all the smoke.  They were not apologetic about the situation AT ALL.  We complained multiple times about the fact that no one came up to help.. . If it wasn't for the amazing view of the water show and semi comfy beds I would rate this hotel a 1.  . . I wouldn't expect a hotel this classy to have such poor customer service.  . . Would not stay here again.
just got back from staying at the Bellagio Hotel for the first time.  All I can say is I was extremely disappointed especially for the price.  First we were put on a smoking floor without notification.  The room was out of date (no flat screen TV) and multiple fixture in the bathroom were falling off.  Turns out they were closing the floor right after we left for updating so they knew the room was not appropriate but still put us there for the weekend.  Finally, service at the front desk was grossly understaffed.  Checking out should not take 30 minutes. Overall would not go back. Better hotels in Vegas.
Decor:  Who doesn't love the glass-blown flowers, conservatory gardens, fountain coordinated with music.. . Check-in process:  1 star service.  I waited 45 min and was able to time that each reception takes 7 - 10 min to check a party in.  Some of them (like Krystal) have a major attitude when the guests let them know the process is taking too long.  Krystal even rolled her eyes, flapped her hands up and said guests questioning their ability will only slow the process down.  Geez.   Not asking for Zappos customer service but come on.... . Final decision:  We will never stay there again.  Just not worth the hassle considered how much they charge their rooms.
This is a 2 diamonds hotel? REALLY? I mean the fountain is great, the casino seems pretty sleek too but you don't need to be staying in the hotel to experience those right?. . The room is decent sized but I got really annoyed today. After a long day of work I went back to my room to rest. And for me there's nothing better than a cup of warm tea. Couldn't find an electrical kettle. Nowhere to get any hot water either (I'm not used to drinking from tap) I thought this is basic???. . So I called the front desk and the girl kept pushing me to talk to the in room dining who btw wants to charge me $4 for a cup of hot water. SERIOUSLY? The people were rude and at this point it's beyond that stupid hot water. . . Strange.. What is wrong with these people, she ended the conversation with "it's been OUR policy for 13 years" errrr maybe you should be less snobbish and try to say it nicer or something?. . Oh btw they don't even have room slippers and toothbrush in their room, you have to request for those. Isn't this also basic basic basic hotel things? Are they trying to cut cost that MUCH?. . Honestly I don't care much for the Bellagio, there are other nice newer hotels in Vegas. For my next trip I'll definitely look elsewhere. I'll probably swing by Mon Ami Gabi for dinner and shamelessly free ride on the fountain but you ain't getting a single penny from me hmmm~
Yeah, the Bellagio was just okay, I said it..  I think our main problem with the Bellagio was actually that it was exactly what we thought it would be; out dated grandure.  The rooms were clean and everything was nice.  It was just the sort of nice that would have been super nice 15 years ago.  Not out dated enough to be offensive, just noticeable.  For instance, what nice hotel still has a crt television.   I know they have to have 3000 rooms so the $100 per room upgrade certainly adds up.  . We started out in a suite but it was next to the elevator and literally every elevator that went up or down made a loud wooosh in our room.  The next day we had to move because we couldn't sleep and the only option was to move from a suite with a king bed to a standard room with two doubles.  We also lost what seem like insignificant amenities like full sized shampoo bottles and a sea sponge but those things make a noticeable impact when they are in direct comparison.  . The second main problem (and we have experienced this with a lot of the 5 star hotels on the strip) is breakfast.  When you are out there for business, twice a year, on your own dime no option for a quick morning coffee and muffin is a problem.  The fancy pants french place is close but the ordering process with the 30 ladies behind the counter expecting you to know your pastry order before you have been able to see the pastries and then waiting another 10 minutes after that to actually pick your muffin up is so excruciating it makes you want to give up your morning coffee and breakfast habit.. If the Bellagio were anywhere else it would be the nicest place we've ever stayed but it just didn't feel up to new Vegas standards.  It doesn't come close to the Wynn, Vdara or Aria and even our rooms (especially after the demotion) in Planet Hollywood, Treasure Island, Paris and Mirage were way nicer.  . Go to the Bellagio for a great casino experience and a splurge meal but stay elsewhere.
The hotel is undoubtedly beautiful. However, all the beautiful places can be accessed without being a guest. We had booked one of the suites facing the fountain (don'y remember the name) at the price of $200 The room wasn't as beautiful as it appeared in the website. it definitely is a beautiful hotel but its casino, restaurant and the garden, like all other hotels at Vegas are open to the non-guests. The only plus point was the fountain that we could see from our room. But we couldn't hear the music from our room :(. Also, since there is so much to see outside one's hotel rooms at Vegas that we did not spend a lot of time watching the fountain from the room. The staff did leave a tiny bouquet with a hand written note (we appreciate that) by the assistant manager (or somebody important) in our room with some chocolates on our anniversary day.. . The refrigerator in the room was stuffed with goodies...but you had to pay for them.Don't even think of removing anything from the refrigerator, they have sensors that bill you if you remove anything from it. When my husband went to confirm about the refrigerator that was supposed to be in the room (included in the room cost), he was told that one without the goodies could be provided at an extra charge of $50 per day. . . Overall, the stay was good but not worth the money spent. Save your money for some thing better.
This place visually is nice, as far as the attitude of staff and service don't expect too much unless you are the money mogul type. This place is ran by old school people that still lives in the 1930's. They try to pass off as if they are hardcore bad asses or something, especially on the craps tables.. . I am sorry to say but this place is stuck up, but hey, i guess it is to be expected that's life.
I stayed here once before and remembered liking it.  Wishing on this trip we'd tried something else.  While staying at the Bellagio sounds like a great thing... it isn't.  Sure, the lobby is beautiful and the garden is pretty... but you aren't staying in the lobby or the garden.  . . The rooms are just ok.  Bathrooms are pretty awesome.  Beds SUCK!  i hardly slept the whole trip because the bed was so uncomfortable... made my back hurt.  And what high-end hotel doesn't have down comforters?!?! are you kidding me?!?! ugh.  Service was ok, but not great.  We asked about late checkout and were told we'd have to call the day we were leaving to request it.  So we did.  "we don't do late checkout." what?  you have to pay a half day charge and then you can stay until 6.  . . we were unimpressed enough with the room that when it was time to eat and gamble, we went elsewhere... i just wanted to get out of there.. . non-smoking floors are not enforced at all as far as we could tell.  . . service was pretty good.  the air was really bothering me, to a point my sinuses were hurting.  we called and asked about a humidifier, which they gladly brought up.  that was nice.. . overall - we won't be back.
The worst 5 stars hotel I've ever stayed at! The only hotel I know where you can have a FREE DOWNGRADE... no, I'm not kidding. I went with my husband for a romantic weekend so we booked, as usually, a king-size room. The hotel was overbooked so they gave us a similar size room (with two small beds) that was connected to another room by the internal door. We were able to here every single word... Do they think that the similar size of the room means similar quality? Quality means meeting expectations of customers - they gave us something far below my expectations. We arrived to Las Vegas after the midnight and spent long time waiting in the line to check-in so we were unable to go to another hotel... and we paid in advance. But it doesn't excuse the hotel. They told us we could try to change our room the next day morning. We did and they gave us what we booked... but in a good hotel I would expect a gratification....not here.. . Restaurants, shops, pools, room service - everything was fine, but you don't care when something like that happens at the beginning.. . To summarize: best hotels are those that can deal with issues.... Bellagio is below the average.
Only place I have gambled at in 10 years, so this last year I stayed there twice. One time just got a deluxe room, the next I got a Penthouse suite with an attached room.  Both times were terrible, the second time we couldnt get into our room until 2 plus hours after check in time, and the promised attached room was on the other end of hotel. The Wynn will be getting my business now.
This is an overrated hotel. Is the fountain pretty? Yes. Is the observatory lovely? Yes. Is the Chihuly glass ceiling in the lobby worth a look? Yes. . . Other than that, I can think of no other reason to be here. Five minutes in this hotel and my sinuses are stuffed and my eyes are dried out. I can literally feel the cigarette stink sink into my skin and clothing. It's like walking into a gas chamber.. . You'd think for a supposedly upscale hotel, they'd have enough air venting systems in place to combat the throngs of visitors that come through. Ugh... stay away.... . (Wow, I think I just became one of those non-smoking snobs...)
With ever trip to Vegas, I've marveled at how gorgeous Bellagio looked from the outside.  On my last Vegas trip, I finally stayed here as a hotel guest and I was disappointed at the room cleanliness and hotel staff service.  With any 5-star hotels, the service at the check-in is crucial because it is the first impression (based on interaction) guests get of the hotel staff.  I felt like I was checking into a Holiday Inn; it was very casual and unimportant.  . . When I got into the hotel room, there was a red stain on one of the blankets and so they came up to remove it from the room and said that they will replace it tomorrow (why the wait? I have no idea).  It took 3 staff members to take the blanket away and they didn't address the concern of cleanliness at all.  I gotta say that I'm surprised to see this listed as one of the 5-star hotels because it is only a 4-star in my book.  The rates at Bellagio are not competitive with other hotels with similar amenities and class, so I wouldn't choose to stay here again.  For a much better experience, I would recommend the Palazzo, Wynn or Encore resorts.
I must say I was disappointed with the Bellagio for the first time. We have stayed there on multiple occasions in the past. We arrived late on a Friday and waited in line to check in for 25 minutes. There was quite a line and they only had three ladies working registration. I feel when you are paying the prices we were, one would think they could have more folks working. We ran into the same thing with the concierge desk. Waited ten minutes to talk to the concierge. This is a staffing/management issue. The room was quite nice and the cleaning staff very helpful and courteous. However, the long wait to check in started our visit out on the wrong foot. I know the Bellagio can do better.
I was at the desk, when a lady working there came over and asked me what I needed, I told her tickets to O the show, she then told me , there is a line over there you must stand there to get tickets, so we did, for 30 min or so, then the same lady is standing close to me , when some one asked where can I get tickets to O , the lady told them there sold out tonight, I asked the lady why you did not tell me that, she told me I did tell you, what Ever
The Bellagio was sadly a bit disappointing. I was in town for a trade show event in July and found the hotel overcrowded and nearly impossible to navigate during the day. A "quick" bite to eat took nearly 1.5 hours at a 2 p.m. lunch. Service was slow and lacking all over the resort.. . When I checked into my room, there was a massive clump of hair in the bathroom sink. Disgusting. I've staying in all kinds of hotels all over the world from two to five stars and have to say I've never seen a dirtier bathroom.. . We had an unfortunate incident where a colleague had to have emergency surgery while on our trip. A horrible incident anywhere, but especially when one has to spend hours in a Las Vegas ER. When I called the hotel desk in the morning to ask for a late checkout so we could visit our friend in the hospital and get her returned to her hotel. We needed to make sure she was comfortable and all arrangement were made for her family to arrive before we caught a flight out of the city that afternoon. I was informed that it would only be possible if we paid a 1/2 day rate of $70+ dollars. How unfortunate that a hotel of this supposed caliber can't accommodate a guest in their city with this type of request. Especially since our flight schedules meant that we would be on our way to the airport by 3 p.m. at the latest..  . The casino staff was lovely and the hotel was ok but certainly not deserving of a AAA five diamond. When I return to Vegas, I think I'll be staying at the Wynn. . . Sorry, Bellagio, I had higher hopes.
Such a frustrating stay, on all accounts. The hotel is way too crowded for the staff to provide 5 star service. I was checked into two unmade rooms (the maid had not yet visited) before I got a clean room. The manager didn't even speak directly to me or compensate me. Check in took almost 2 hours!  The walk from the front desk to the rooms is 15 min each way. The bell desk sent me to the wrong place for the shuttle (another hike). No one had the correct information. The lines for the restaurants were outrageous. You have to walk through the mobbed casino to get the the elevator that takes you to the guest rooms. The room is slick looking but the small touches are not luxury. Scratchy robe, cheap shampoo, no coffee or tea in the room. The room service was great but took 50 min at 11:15. The lobby is swamped with people. Not a relaxing place to stay, by any means.
Read this to avoid all of Bellagios BS:. . There are 2 Valet locations, one North and one South.  DO NOT check in at the North location (behind the fountains) or you will have to cart your luggage all the way through the casino, it's a haul. speaking of check-in, wow, these ladies need a lesson in customer service. Horrible attitudes and unbelievably slow.. . BRING A SMALL COFFEE MAKER and some starbucks in your bag; there are NO coffe makers in the room and room service will set you back about 6 bucks per cup, voila!  . . Each time you enter the elevator you must show a room key, feels like your in Costco.  God forbid any terrorists would storm the Bellagios rooms. Ask for 2 room keys per person, if you forget your card, Vinnie the Nose will drag you to the front desk to prove your identity, classy.. . Where is the Safe??? It's kind of fun hunting for it if you like treasure hunts when you check in, otherwise you will spend 1/2 hour of your life that you will never get back.  Of course, it's in the nightstand drawer...brilliant!!. . Forget the slots...tighter than an Italians pocketbook.. . If you don't like smoky casinos stay away, especially at night it is possibly the worst on the strip, except for maybe Red Rock.  . . To see the fountains, ask for a room on a least the 7th floor or above. . . Your drapes open with a button next to the nightstand, homage to The Hangover and Ceasar Velotche!. . At the pool, put something on your towel if your going to go for a drink or a drip, or the towel trolls will snatch yours up.. . If you don't want to pay 15 bucks for a watered down drink at the pool, sneak in a few airline size bottles of vodka or rum and just get a regular drink.  Also by the elevators is a nice gift shop with booze, mixer, etc.. . IF you have decided to go to Le Cirque be very very careful what you order, the price goes up exponentially every time you open you mouth or shift in your seat. If you add the wine flight to your choice, it's $179!!! Salute!!. . The good;. . Bathroom, deep tub and great water pressure, beds are good quality, decor is nice, that's about it.  Oh yeah and the crepes place downstairs is very cool with the chocolate fountains.  And the art museum was a nice touch.
I want to say that I really hate to give this experience 2 stars but it's the truth. SADLY!. . So I've been going to Vegas since I could learn how to walk. I remember the buckets of quarters and the endless stench of smoke lingering through the casinos and hallways. With that said, I have stayed at a good amount of the hotels on the strip and off. . . I've always had this high regard for the Bellagio. It seemed to have this prestigious feeling, glamorous and just thought that with this hotel -- there would be this beautiful ambiance. I can't say that I feel the same way now. Upon making a reservation, I made comments that my boyfriend and I were celebrating our anniversary. I commented that I would appreciate any accommodations that they may be able to make for us. When I called to confirm, the lady on the phone seemed short and a bit rude. I always call to confirm just because it gives me the peace of mind but this lady seemed as if she wanted to just get through her day. Pft. When I asked her about the process of checking in and if there would be a possibility, she said that I would need to check with the front desk when I arrived. I know this is procedure but I feel that it could have been worded in a better way such as, "If you can give us a call the day of arrival, we may be able to assist you." When I asked about the complimentary upgrade to one of the new renovated rooms, she repeated herself and said that I would have check with the front desk. Instead of a sterile response, I would have wished for more warmth. I mean, this is suppose to be THE Bellagio. . . Anyway, upon arriving, we checked in the front desk. It wasn't great and it wasn't bad. It just was procedure. Again, lacked warmth and any type of real customer service. It wasn't busy at all so it made me wonder if this cold service was what we were going to experience throughout our stay. One perk was that she was able to check us in a bit early and she did honor the complimentary upgrade to the new rooms. . . We went to our room and the security is fantastic. There was always a person viewing Bellagio check in cards to make sure that we belonged to the hotel. When we got into our room, I have to be honest -- I was incredibly disappointed. For the amount of money, the reputation and expectations, this room did not live up. It was nicely renovated, I give them that. However, the room is probably one of the smaller rooms that I've stayed at (in comparison to Encore, Mandalay, Palazzo, Planet Hollywood, MGM and Luxor). For starters, it was just so basic. The greatest amenity was that where the TV was mounted, there was a input board of USB, USB CHRGR, etc. I didn't use it but I could see how this would be useful for many people. The bed was comfortable. The closet was a decent size. There was a table for working and two seats. The bathroom didn't live up to my standards. The shower needed a deep cleaning. The edges weren't the cleanest. The bathtub was just okay. It was deep but not that large. It didn't seem "renovated". The vanity area was just whatever. The biggest issue for me is that there were no double sinks. Overall, I want to say that the room was going to be a four or five star but I really want to give it a three. . . During our stay, I can't say that there's been anything that's made this resort stand out. The pool was beautiful but you must get there when it opens for a chair together. Thankfully, I wake up really early so we were okay. The lounge pool area seems a bit over priced but worth it if you have the money to splurge. The pool cafe was good and great service. . . The buffet really is NOT worth visiting. We went before we left to head back home and for about 50 something, it was not worth it. I would have been happier elsewhere or even going to the cafe for something. There were a good amount of choices but being the Bellagio, I felt that there should be more. All the desserts were mostly sugar free or fat free. Some weren't even labeled correctly. The food found here were just things that I felt could be found at any buffet which disappointed me. The service was just okay. Actually, a bit lacking but it's a buffet. . . Lastly! The most important thing that brought us to the Bellagio was the under 21/children policy. I thought that this hotel was more strict about their policy but it seemed that there were plenty of children around. To be honest, it was one of the first experiences that I encountered, walking to get ice, seeing a 2 year old running down the hallway. At the buffet, there was a baby crying and then a family of 10, 6 children/babies. I was a bit shocked. I know that people have children but it just seemed as this was no different than any other hotel. . . So even with paying for more to hopefully experience a wonderful vacation, I don't think I got what I paid for. I wish I could say that I'm coming back but I'm probably not. So so sad.
There's no denying that the Bellagio is just a beautiful casino. However, there isn't much to offer to the younger crowd. They now have a club, but it's rarely crowded as the casino originally wasn't geared towards the younger audience or children. Because of this, it's more of a place to just walk through once or twice instead of somewhere to stay.
In my opinion this hotel/casino is over-rated.  We stayed at the Cosmopolitan for about the same price and were on the 65th floor overlooking the Bellagio's fountains.  At the Bellagio we overlooked the pool.. . The pool is nice and huge.. . The carpet, decor and furnishings are all old and dated.
I was moved twice due to cleanliness of room. Was advised by front desk staff that I will be receiving $100 food and drink comp as well as waived resort fees. I went to double check and verify the next morning. Low and behold there was no notes for the food and drink comp. if promise something either by mouth or by writing, I will hol your feet to the fire on that! Clearly  a multi billion hotel chain can't be this stingy. But they are and after 5 years of coming here continuously with my wife, this will be our last stay. Caesar resorts sound a lot more appealing!
Although the grounds are still impressive, the once 5 star resort is no more.  Since the take over by MGM, sadly the Bellagio is not what it used to be.  My main issue is with the hotel rooms.  The "remodel" that took place within the last year to every room in the entire hotel was a huge mistake.  The new bright, cheap and disgusting decor replaces what once was a room full of classic, neutral, rich tones that went with the rest of the hotel.  The new rooms feel completely out of place in the Bellagio and make you feel like you are actually staying at a cheap generic hotel.  Sadly, I will never be staying at the Bellagio again but I will most certainly visit the resort for the shopping, dinning and gambling.
I honestly think that the Bellagio is highly overrated.  Our room wasn't any more impressive than at MGM or Mandalay Bay, minus the fountain view.  There was a terrible smell at the pool which was, again, not particularly special otherwise.  We were treated very poorly (suspiciously) at the roulette table, and got pretty horrible service and drinks for a ridiculously steep price at the bar by the gambling floor.. . All the special things about this hotel (fountains, arboretum, Sensi restaurant which is fantastic) can be accessed as a non-guest.  I'd rather stay somewhere else and spend an afternoon at Bellagio.
I used to stay here when it was Wynn owned and operated and things have changed for the worse.  The service and food options are just bad.  My experience was so sub par that I packed my bags and headed to the Wynn to finish my stay which turned out to be a great choice.  Great service and great food here.
We recently spent a couple of nights at this hotel, and took along a dozen of my wife's relatives. Checking in was a total hassle, took me 4 trips to the counter to get all the rooms, even though they were all on my credit card, they did not trust me and had to see the id of each guest. This hotel was very crowded (it was the Christmas week), and the staff were totally overwhelmed. I had to wait for half an hour for coffee (none in the rooms), and then pay $6 for a poor tasting latte. The buffet is normally under $20, but the holiday special was 35.99, and we had to wait for over an hour to get in. Food was ok, but not 36 bucks (plus $70 gratuity, at a buffet?) each for 12 of us, grand total of $544 for 12 lunches. Went to the Noodles for dinner one night with 12 and was seated at a table for 8, where we waited for 30 minutes to order, then another 30 to get the food.  If your idea of fun is Costco at noon after payday, this is the place for you, otherwise, spend your money elsewhere.
Started out underwhelmed after a 30+ minute check-in and it went downhill after that. We found the staff to be not quite rude but definitely sub-par for a supposedly top rated hotel. The maid broke my friend's iPad and tried to hide it. We made the mistake of eating breakfast at the buffet. In a word, awful and not cheap ($30 a head). Other incidents too numerous to mention made this place a 'never again'.
Spent 3 nights at the Bellagio in March 2013 with a colleague.   Watch the fountains but stay elsewhere.  Long lines to check in, talk to a concierge, eat in the cafe, etc.  Sheets and towels in our room smelled strongly of ammonia bleach. The bottom sheet on my bed had multiple patches and was scratchy.  The pool area is nice if you can manage to avoid the cigar-smokers.  While the staff people with whom we spoke were uniformly helpful and pleasant, the operation itself gives the impression of a  huge, impersonal mill. Never again for this traveler.  Maybe it was a great place once but it has deteriorated.
Didn't replenish toiletries; did not think it was 4 star rating.
My first and last stay at the Bellagio. I booked 3 rooms, months in advance for my daughter 40th. Birthday. Since, our arrival  everyone had  an attitude or was rude to us.  Maybe they are been treated bad who knows. At check-in the blond older lady with her I-pad on hand kept telling me to go away. Check out here in Vegas is not until 3 pm she keep repiting. Maybe because the color of my skin did not match hers. She probably taught I did not understand . Next, when we got to,the rooms the mini-bars were a mess.  Bottle water half way used. Have of a sandwich in the fridge. We called front desk to let them know nothing happen.  The only good service we got at he Bellagio Cafe, give all the people that work there 6 stars. The service was more then excellent.  I give the Bellagio 2 stars.  I have always stay at  theAriaor the Wynn I should stay with what I know.  Bad,bad service. Make your employees happy. Management most be doing something wrong to their people because they are not happy campers .
For a supossed high end hotel, I found the Bellagio very pedestrian. The pool area was reminiscent of a spanish resort 1990's. some of the public areas were nice enough, but in a shopping centre kind of way, food was bland in many of the restaurants that I tried, also very expensive, as were the drinks at the bars.. . overall very underwhelmed
I gave the bellagio two stars solely based off the fact that the fountains are fantastic and definitely an added bonus to be able to see from your room.   That for me is really where the positives end. . . After staying at newer and more modern hotels on the strip,  The Bellagio looks very dated and washed out in comparison.  . . The rooms are fine, the beds are comfortable and the view of the wonderful fountains is great. The lobby is dated and has no real offerings to anybody under the age of 50 years old.   There's no real entertainment in the lobby. They have a piano bar that is a complete snooze fest.   I've had a better time at an airport bar then I did at that place. You can be classy and still have a conversation above a whisper. It is vegas!!!. . The pool area was not well thought out.  You constantly have to strategize on where you will move to avoid massive shadows by the buildings during prime tanning time.  Not great. The grounds are pretty enough but what good is a pool if you're constantly in the shade?!. . Overall, I'm glad I stayed there but it's off my bucket list.  We got this trip comped and I would've paid to stay somewhere else instead.
Overall, our stay at the Bellagio was very disappointing.. . My partner and I booked many months in advance, as we were getting married and also honeymooning in Vegas. Our travel agent emailed the Bellagio to suggest a complimentary upgrade. When we arrived, not only were we not upgraded, but we were downgraded from our originally booked King Room, to a Double Queen, even though it was a Sunday evening. When we were informed of our downgrade, I suggested that we at least be moved to a fountain view room, but we were advised that that would be an extra cost.. . Our Double Queen room was most outdated, and quite small. Although the bathroom was quite spacious and nice, the shower was also lovely and big. . However, we were not happy with the sound of (what we assumed was) clanking pipes throughout our stay. It almost sounded as if we were staying underneath a gym and heavy weights were being dropped on the the ceiling above us.. . On checkout we complained about the noisy room, and we were refunded one days breakfast at the buffet. The gesture was appreciated, but doesn't quite make up for our disappointing stay.. . On a positive note, the foyer was nice, and the flowers were lovely of course. . The Bellagio is nice to visit, but I would recommend travelers stay elsewhere.
PAST ITS PRIME, NO LONGER JEWEL IT ONCE WAS. . Bellagio is now just a middle of the pack Las Vegas hotel. Check in/out is most always crowded and often disorganized.  The worst is Fridays when the lines can be six people deep all the way across the hotel check-in area.. . Although the hotel recently renovated its rooms, they still fail to dazzle. During my stay, the bathroom sink constantly made a drain noise although the faucet was not turned on. This can be disturbing if you're a light sleeper. Also, surprisingly for a hotel with such a high room rate, the shower knob simply fell off as I lightly turned the water temperature up. In addition, cable TV kept going black or picture scrambled despite maintenance trying to fix two days in a row. You expect better from the Bellagio name - disappointed.. . Also, the hotel's buffet restaurant has a wait most nights of 35 minutes to an hour (this according to the person who answered the restaurant's phone when I called after seeing the line reaching out into the casino floor). Obviously, the hotel should spend some of its money and expand the buffet restaurant to shorten wait times for hungry guests. . . The casino looks like all the other middle of the pack dark looking casinos. The Bellagio can no longer be mentioned in the same class as Encore, Palazzo, or Venetian. These casinos are well lit, accommodations are first-class, and food options are plenty. Bellagio, sad to say, is an old jewel. Watch the fountain show and the pretty exterior on the outside, but beware of spending top dollar for a jewel past its prime.
Around 2000 a wave of new mega-hotels updated the Vegas strip, with the Bellagio a flagship (peers were Mandalay Bay and the Venetian).  These virtual towns (the B. had 3000 rooms, 10000 employees) included new diverse and even "destination" restaurants.  Some time ago, hearing about this booming restaurant scene (and seeing people like able sommeliers leave the SF area for Vegas careers), I organized some food-centric Vegas visits with several friends, using Bellagio as a base.  We checked out all its restaurants (and many others in town), stayed in various Bellagio accommodations, and by request I got a complete facilities tour, for planning possible future visits or events.  I could tell you more detail, from more experience, about the Bellagio complex's restaurants than most other Yelpers.. . I got to know the Bellagio well, warts and all -- the warts finally became excessive.. . The Bellagio brought some pioneering, classy eateries to Vegas at a wide range of prices.  Many are independently owned.  They and other Bellagio features added elegance to the Strip, offset by occasional false notes -- reminders that Las Vegas isn't just about elegance or good cooking.  Still, our food experiences were worthwhile, so 2 stars here instead of just one -- for the final incident that forced me to write off the Bellagio as a hotel.. . I'll skip over smaller gaffes, like changing suites twice in one stay from quirks like endless big gypsy-type moths emerging from an air vent ("they live here!" chuckled a maid); or on another visit, finding many room lightbulbs dead, implying no one ever checks them.. . On the third, which unexpectedly became the last, Bellagio stay, one friend, arriving from out of town, complained of raucous construction noise through his wall, making a much-needed nap impossible.. . I contacted the front-desk manager (Mgr1), who explained that the room next to my friend's needed repair after a guest "trashed" it.  (Good old Vegas.)  As amends, she invited my friend to visit the hotel's fancy fitness center and spa, waiving the usual fee.  My friend was satisfied.. . On departure, contrary to Mgr1's offer, the bill had a charge for the spa (something like $30).  I explained this to Mgr2, checking me out.  In a suspicious tone suitable for addressing lying children, Mgr2 claimed no knowledge or record of Mgr1's offer, and did not try to check the history of raucous repairs.  (Mgr1, naturally, was off-duty.   If I get a chance to check the trip notes, I'll add both managers' names here.). . What clinched the unprofessionalism was Mgr2 seeming never to stop and consider that I might be honest, and what that would imply.  Nor show awareness of how serious broken promises are in a hospitality business.  Maybe some Bellagio guests, besides "trashing" rooms, do pull petty hustles like that (if so, it's another Bellagio reality worth knowing).  But this ball was in the B's court.  I insisted Mgr2 remove the mistaken charge -- the hotel, after all, had my California address (and credit-card info) and could always bill me later, were such a charge ever legit!. . Be aware, therefore, that you might well spend thousands of dollars in the Bellagio lodgings and restaurants (including hundreds just in tips), and still be stubbornly accused, via employee screw-ups, of cheating the hotel of $30.  Nor will you get any apology.  (Mgr2 possessed enough information to confirm my explanation and to follow up, if she gave a God damn about customer service and the Bellagio's image; she did not do so.)  It left a bad taste in my mouth.  $30 was zilch compared to the later business that the B lost after that episode.. . I've stayed at all sorts of lodgings around the US and elsewhere.  Even those much more modest than Bellagio would consider Mgr2's attitude unacceptable.  Yes, I could have invested more time to complain, written a letter.  Yet Las Vegas's hotel industry is highly competitive.  It was simpler just to warn people away from the Bellagio, and take our later Vegas hotel business to competitors, still within easy walk of the B's worthy restaurants.. . All part of the constant reminders of Las-Vegas-Strip priorities.  The touts and pimps out on the strip itself remind you pretty quick, if you take a stroll.  But even at what, a few short years ago, was LV's leading hotel, under veneers of elegance you can find bug infestations, lavish suites with dead lightbulbs, and desk clerks with an attitude from a seedy motel.  (With hourly rates.  And Free HBO.)
I booked a room in Feb. of this year for a hair show.I requested 2 queen beds, since there would be 3 of us sharing a room (which I stated on my reservation). When we arrived at the hotel on 6/22, Trisha the the reservation clerk told us unfortunately all they had was a room with a kingsize bed.when I told her that wouldn't  do she just stared back at me and did this half grin half smirk. After about 5 min. Of this nonsense I asked to speak to the mgr. who told me there were no other rooms available except for a smoking room(none of us smoke) and I guess to make it seem like he was doing us some huge favor he told us he that a family had already reserved it but he would let us have it (really?). This is supposedly  a 5 star hotel but the way they handled the situation left a very bad taste in my mouth and I will not be returning. P.S. The rest of the staff were extremely kind and welcoming.
Lovely hotel, as you'd expect, but the service is shocking.. . We were here initially, then in LA for a few days and back here again for two nights.  We had booked a room for four people but on the first check in they said the room wasn't suitable for four.  They didn't propose to do anything about it, even though they could see we had booked for four people.  In the end we managed to get them to put two foldaway beds in and we managed OK.. . When we came back just now for the second visit they tried to charge us extra for the two foldaway beds.  When we said 'No' they went away and then came back and said it would be OK - No apology for trying to charge us extra.. . Also, trying to pull up to load/unload the car is a trauma.  Both times they waved me through to an area and then told me I couldn't park there.  After driving round the loop again they told me to pull up in the valet area where we then got abused by the valets.. . As I said, very nice hotel, food is good and the baggage people were very friendly but I couldn't recommend staying here.
As a local, I normally do not go down to the strip. However, my husband and I were looking to do something "different" last night, and realized that it had been at least two years since we had been to the Bellagio to see the flowers.. . It was beautiful, as always. It was crowded, as always. After being picture freaks with our infant, we decided to walk around and see the shops. They have the basic ones, Tiffany, Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Dior.... you know, the list goes on.. . However, I am very disturbed with two things.. . 1- The staff at Gucci was completely rude. My family has a decent house hold income, and can afford things in the store. I do not appreciate being followed around like I am some criminal ...as if you are waiting for me to throw something in the bottom of my non existent purse (I had a wristlet that can barely fit my cell phone in it.) . ---We were looking in the children's section, and I had picked up a dress to flash my husband who was....maybe five feet away, I then put it back down, where it was. I showed him a few other items, and put them back..... where they belonged.. . As soon as we moved to the next section, which is 3 feet away in those designer stores, a staff member would come rushing in, to "fix" all the merchandise in that section. We were never asked if we needed help, or if we were finding everything OK until we were walking out. That is not the way to keep customers.. . 2- When we went to leave, there was a line around the corner to get onto the elevators to the parking garage. I felt as if we were on the Titanic, and we were all fighting for the lifeboats. People were getting .......let's say, sassy, and rather choosy with their words. Making it very uncomfortable..... . . The art of the glass and the flowers would probably be the only thing that would draw us for another visit in the near future.
The rooms were really nice with large bathrooms and extremely comfortable beds.  . However, with the exception of one of the housekeepers and one of the buffet waitresses, every staff member we encountered was pretty bad.  First it was the waitress that was shocked to hear I liked my appetizer since she said it doesn't look like it would be that good.  Then the cocktail waitress that wouldn't get me a drink after I got up and moved to a slot machine about 3 feet away right before she showed up because it "wasn't her section".  We played for about 3 hours and my husband got 1 drink and I got 0 (he was still in the "correct" section when she showed up, and the other sections apparently had no waitresses).  Then we finally went to the bar to buy a drink and as I was about to put money in the video poker, a guy 2 seats down said his wife and son are sitting there and he was saving them.  The bartender just stared at us and didn't bother to ask if we wanted to order a drink or anything.  So we left there in search of somewhere we could just sit and have a drink (I was so frustrated by then with the lack of customer service anywhere in the hotel that I had to hold back tears).  We walked over to the sports book bar and finally got 2 drinks for $24 plus tip.  Never had to work that hard or pay that much for a drink in any other casino.  The final straw in our customer service nightmare was when we saw they were selling passes for $15 to cut in line at the buffet.  Really, Bellagio?  Oh, I forgot about the front desk staff that were too busy bitching about a bad guest that we stood there for about 20 seconds while waiting for them to finish their conversation before checking us in.. . I would like to point out that I am low maintenance and super easy to please - all it takes is a smile to get good marks from me on customer service.  After our first night at the Bellagio, we pretty much avoided eating or gambling there & even considered checking out and going somewhere else.  We hung in there since I wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt, but every chance I gave them they disappointed us - it definitely was not an off night, their service just sucks.
I was super excited when we booked to stay here for our mini-moon so writing a poor review comes as a surprise. The hotel is old and needs a refresher, compared to the new spots like the Wynn and Aria Bellagio left much to be desired. The casino is dark and the rooms were just typical.. . We paid $80 a night for an upgrade since we were honeymooning, this gave us a view of the fountain which was very cool. However the room was small and smelt like sewer. We also heard gurgling in the pipes in the middle of the night which we were told was normal since the hotel was so large. I've stayed at over five other Vegas hotels and never heard of this!  . . The food options are terrible and all but the Bellagio Cafe close before 11pm so if you want a late night snack your stuck with very limited options.  I understand they used to cater to the wealthy however since they are now open to the general public they need some middle of the road options of food not just expensive sit down restaurants. . . The Pool was the worst I've seen in Vegas, BORING!!! Just a big square that goes to 3 1/2 feet.. . Now that MGM owns them they have really gone downhill, I left feeling very UNDERWHELMED and regretting not booking at the Hotel at Mandalay Bay or Aria. . . Do yourself and your wallet a favor and opt for another hotel. Venetian is awesome!
Very nice hotel. Beautiful, large and clean rooms. However, customer service was not so great. Overall, the place just felt stuffy and staff was not very friendly. Upon checkout the girl at the desk didn't even bother to ask us how are stay was or thank us for staying there. She just said hello and then handed us our bill. I am fairly easy to please, but when I'm paying for a hotel like this I expect you to at least pretend you appreciate my patronage.
The lobby is nice and people are friendly, that's all good until you get to your room.  First the window were so dirty that you could hardly see outside.  We had ticket from a dry cleaning from the people who stayed there before us that wasn't clean.  The table lamp wasn't even hook to the electricity so I had to crawl under the table. And the worst part, we had molds in the ceiling of our shower.  We asked the front desk to have someone come and clean it but it never happened.   I would not recommend this hotel.  there are so many other hotels that are so much better.
After staying in many Las Vegas hotels over the years, I finally gave the Bellagio a try for a weekend.  Unfortunately I wasn't overly impressed.  . . The rooms were nice - not great -  and the service was actually quite poor.  We had a rude encounter with an elevator security guard and a life guard at the pool.  It seems as though many at the hotel have become a bit snobby, resting on their reputation of the past.. . In talking with people staying at the hotel, many seemed to care more about bragging to friends back home that they stayed at the Bellagio than about the level of service the hotel provided.  . . I'm not trying to impress the Jonses when I stay at a hotel.  I'm there to relax and enjoy myself, not be looked down upon by those who are supposed to make my stay enjoyable.. . On a side note, we dined at Picasso one night and the meal and service was terrific.
I thought my stay at the Bellagio would be great; great service, great food, great rooms, etc. Unfortunately, it was anything but. . . We were first being informed our room was not ready (THREE TIMES and after the check in time), I found the room to be small and without the modernity other resorts offer on The Strip. When my husband and I went to breakfast, we were ignored by the staff. They talked at their station for ten minutes before even coming to the table. Then my coffee cup and plate were dirty, covered in messy syrup. . . While the concierge tried to make the experience better, by offering us a room upgrade, it did NOT make up for their lack of service. They even had the audacity to say that the dirty dishes were not their responsibility because they do not run the restaurant. The last time I checked, the resort runs everything and they are all owned by the same company. . . The only thing that was great at the Bellagio was Pam in the Salon. She did my hair for my elopement and I couldn't have asked for anything better. She understood my style. Pam was a blast to talk to and work with and even though I won't be staying at the Bellagio next time, I will definitely stop in to see Pam!. . Although some of the staff was fantastic, the overall experience we had was awful.  The room upgrade was nice, but not enough for all of the horrible service throughout the resort.
I was super excited to stay here thinking it would be one of the better hotels in Vegas. I was wrong and it started that way at check in.. . There were no clear lines so we just got in line behind a couple that was already checking in. When the couple finished, and walked away, we looked at the desk lady and she called us over. As we were walking up, some douche bag who worked there zooms in front of us, puts his arm out in front of my boyfriend and gestures for another couple to come over and be helped by this lady who already called us over. When we told him we were waiting in line and that the lady had called us over, the guy than said oh I didn't see you there. But I will find you a line as he walks off to talk to other people.. No apology at all, and the couple he rushed in front of us had walked in behind us. . . I turn around to look for my sister, and she was with another desk clerk checking in. I walked over to her and let her know if the guy she was working with, if we could get two rooms on the same floor. The guy than said, the rooms were not ready and they only have one room ready with a king bed. WTF what happened to reservations we made two months ago?? I know we're ten minutes early to the 3'o clock check in time but that shouldn't matter. So I asked when the second room would be available and he said he didn't know. But could offer us two rooms with two queen beds instead. We just took that, it was raining out, I was tired of the hotel already. . . The rooms were ok, nothing fancy, not worth the hype of Bellagio at all. My room had chocolates left or us, but my sister's did not. Inconsistency. . . I didn't find this out till the last day, but my sisters room reeked of smoke and she definitely does not smoke. But she just got used to the smoke of Vegas so she didn't smell it in her room.  But I did and I know for a fact that we reserved two non smoking rooms. . . Ah, and upon getting home, we find out the hotel charged my sister an extra 100$ to her bill. She had no extra services at the hotel, barely even spent time in her room.. . Bellagio, clean up your act. I had a better stay and a nicer room at NewYorkNewYork.
The real truth about "hotel upgrades". I booked a 4 night stay at the Bellagio for myself and my husband from Nov 23-27 for a little R&R as he had surgery coming up. We have been to Vegas several times, but not that hotel. What a disappointment. I booked and paid for a "Premier Fountain view" room and put a deposit on it. We arrived around 9 pm after our flight and I went to check in.  I was looking forward tothis.  Our desk clerk looked up the reservation and said " We have to move you to a different room".  This room is not available. I told her I reserved it online, and put a deposit on it.  She said if I read the fine print on the web site, it is NOT guaranteed.  WHAT??? In a nutshell what this and I am sure other hotels do is advertise a special and when you book it, and arrive late ( her words) they gave the room to someone that would pay the full rate!! I was so bloody pissed off. She said it was because I asked for 2 queen beds.  I told her I would take the King bed as originally booked, and she looked at me and said" no, we don't have it" They told us they were "upgrading the room" to a Junior Suite, but at the far end of the hotel, and with a partial fountain view. This was NOT an upgrade!!  This is what they tell everyone who's room they give to someone else. I just read a review on Trip Advisor where the customer "tipped" the hotel clerk $100 and not only got a suite, but free buffet and other tickets. If I had known that I would have done the same, however I thought bribery was not legal????? The best the hotel did for us, was reimburse the ridiculous $28 a day "resort fee".. So folks the next time the hotel tells you they are "upgrading you", I would say in most cases unless you slip them a huge "tip" they probably gave your room away to someone who would pay a higher price. . I had friends that stayed in the Paris across the road that had a better view for 1/2 the price.  I will NOT be going back to this hotel, or ANY hotel MGM operates.
