I'm very disappointed of Gallo Blanco service. The worst ever!!! he took a while to greet our table. Finally we ordered some drinks but they were out of Paloma margarita, dos x and negro modelo? crazy but we said ok not big deal, we ordered an appetizer while deciding for the rest. Somebody else dropped our appetizer and we didn;t see our server for a least 25 minutes. We ordered 4 tacos and it took 45 minutes to be served. I asked the server why was taking so long? He said " Well you should had ordered right of way" I was like WHAT??? Is he serious!!! giving me attitude when he was gone from our table and we didn't have anybody to order more drinks or food??? Extremely awful :( Once he brought the tacos which there were very cold? I told him " Please bring the Cajetas (the best dessert ever) and the Check" Well while we were still eating our cold tacos... he just brought the check and not dessert? I asked and he said you told me to bring the check... at that point I was so angry that I just paid and left!!! So sad that Gallo Blanco hired servers like that... He was sincerely worst than a fast food order taker from wendy!!!  I think he was and some kind of medication?  He looked very sleepy  and he was wearing a white belt that didn't match with anything!  Sorry Gallo Blanco!
I really loved my stay at The Clarendon Hotel this July and the Gallo Blanco cafe was convenient for breakfast but I ordered to take back to my room for myself and two guest. I had some sort of breakfast burrito which was pretty good but my guest ordered chorizo eggs and refried beans, which was all thrown into a brown take out box... It looked so unappealing. I mean to have to scrape refried beans from the bottom of a box... not cool! It really lacked presentation. However their yogurt with fruit was great as was the fruit con creama. I had higher expectations and perhaps maybe it was because of me ordering it to take to the room but they need to figure out a better way to serve beans. would I give them another chance... only to dine in =D
Ok first of all we enjoyed the atmosphere. Our waitress Mary was great (however she had too many tables to handle)  Drinks we awesome. Namely the sangria. It was amazing. Chips were ok but the guac made up for it. I ordered the special which was a ribeye steak with mushrooms and onions with Beens and rice. Sound amazing huh..... Well not so much. The steak was charred (burnt).  The beans and  rice were really good to start with but were soon overwhelmed with the burnt taste of the steak making the entire plate make u feel Like u were bobbing for food in an old fire pit. To top it off they charged me $25 for that plate ( had i done that to a steak at home I would have thrown it away or fed it to the dog, but honestly I think my dog has bettertaste than that.  My partner had tacos. The pork tacos were amazing. The steak tacos had the same problem as my steak. Way over cooked. The shrimp tacos , well all I am going to say is each taco had one shrimp, count them ONE SHRIMP for an entire taco. You could have creatively tried to make it look like u weren't being cheap. The savior in all this , well besides the sangria was the Elote it was amazing and in retrospect I wish that was the only thing we ordered. We are staying at the Clarendon Hotel which we love. If I stayed here again I would certainly go over for the sangria and the elote. I would not drive out of my way to get here however.
I joined a group of friends last night for dinner at Gallo Blanco, this being the first time for a few of us. When we first arrived, we were told it would be a 35-40 minute wait for a table of 6. We were totally fine getting a drink from the bar and chillin by the pool. However, after 1.5 hours of waiting we began to get a little impatient and when checking on our table status, the hostess informed us that there were only 2 tables in the restaurant that could seat 6 people and they were just waiting on a party to leave.. As we waited for another 30 minutes and were debating on going somewhere else, the hostess came over and told us there was a table open and it would be just a few minutes. It took about another 15 minutes to get seated as they had figured out they could combine a table of 4 with a table of 2.. We quickly ordered our food and I had ordered 1 shrimp taco and a side of guacamole and chips. After our table had received our order, I had still not gotten my side of guac and chips. When I asked about it, the server asked me if I was sure I had ordered it because they had delivered guac and chips to the table once - which my friends had ordered. Several more minutes go by and our waitress came to check in and I asked about my guac and chips again. After a lengthy conversation of clarifying what I had ordered, a side of guacamole was delivered to me, without chips. It took another few minutes to get the chips to go with my guacamole.. The service was extremely frustrating which definitely spoiled my experience. However, I have nothing bad to say about the food - it was excellent.
I had heard so many good things about this place and me being a Taco Lover I had to see for myself. I was disappointed from the beginning. Came on a Tuesday and was told we had to wait but that we could get drinks at the bar. Sounded like a good idea until 20mins later we had yet to be help after asking for a waitress and even going to the bar several times.  When we finally got a table I was more than excited to order. Nothing but average through out my experience. I would have been better off going to Americans Taco Shop.
Used to be one of my favorite spots in the valley.  Great food and warm and efficient service.  The past 3 times, I have visited the service was a joke.  Pico Rico burger and fish tacos still get two snaps, but don't think of going back to often any longer.  I wonder what changed here?
Oh, I really wanted to like it.  REALLY!  I heard such great reviews and saw the special on PBS Check Please AZ and I was so excited.. . Unfortunately, I have to give my honest review.. . We went for happy hour, which isn't your typical happy hour of 50% off, no problem, we were there for the food regardless of any specials.  Started off with an Horchata which we agreed didn't have that rice flavor like fresh Horchata should, and it lacked sugar. But I did like the sprinkle of cinnamon.  Also had a lemonde which could've used a little more lemon, no problem we added some fresh squeezed lemon!  And we also ordered a strawberry shake, which was pink but tasted mostly like milk, where's the strawberry flavor?. . Okay, we ordered the chips and salsa-what not complimentary?  It was 2 salsas, one red and one green, nothing that stood out because they tasted mild.  They also provided 2 additional bottled salsas, one was a watery green tomatoe salsa and the other was a burned chile salsa which was good.  And we ordered the guacamole.  I thought the guac was great although I like mine spicy, but what I liked about it was the fact that it has orange pieces inside, new addition for me and it was a good portion for the price.  BIG side of chips with both orders.  We also tried the Queso Fundido with Chorizo.  The chorizo was good although I order it from the same place they do which I learned from a NewTimes story, good job on this dish it was yummy and I enjoyed every melty piece of cheese and chorizo!  1 star check.. . . We ordered 6 carne asada tacos and 1 veggie taco.  The carne asada had this zesty flavor like it was marinated in orange juice, it was good but not your typical grill flavor.  What I really liked was the veggie taco, it has grilled veggies like squash and corn and mushrooms and it was so good, but by that time I was stuffed with all the chips that I couldn't order a few more! 2 star check.  I wish now that I could've ordered one of each taco.. . I agree that service does need help.  I had to ask for my cup to be refilled with water several times.  Even when they brought our tacos out they saw our used plates stacked up and there was no place to put the tacos, they didn't address it.  I had to ask them to take the dirty plates so we could make room.  They didn't offer dessert when we were done like most places do, but we still wanted to end our night at this place knowing we tried a little of everything.. . We ended with the brownie dessert which was this brown cake with vanilla ice cream on top.  Where is the chocolate flavor?  Ice cream was good and that's all I can say about this item.. . I really, really, really wanted to love this place, I came in with high expectations and so excited, but I left $50 less rich and still yearning for more.  Well, there's still plenty of other places to try.....
Their food was great, but their customer service was the worst!! No matter how good the food is, if you are lacking in customer service you won't see me back again. I will never recommend this place to anyone.
While the food is usually very good. This time I went and I am a regular that tips 20%+. My partner and I were completely ignored. We allowed 15 minutes. It will be a long time before I return.
We sat outside on the patio. I had tacos - pork and carne asada. Well,  the pork tacos were uber-sweet tasting - too much pineapple or something in the sauce. The Tuna my dining companion had was "good" according to him. Overall, service was just okay. The restaurant was about 1/2 fulled for lunch, but the staff seemed completely stressed out, not cheerful, and unorganized - refilling of drinks and water glasses took forever. Food wise, it was generally good, but somewhat overpriced for the portion size and food temperature could have been hotter - "hot food HOT - chilled foods COLD" is the oldest rule in restaurants. Well, the. Guacamole is delicious, but (as was mentioned by other Yelpers) chips do not come with it - you must MAKE SURE to ask for the damn chips. Weird. Anyhow, the restaurant's dining areas are lovely, but the hotel staff (the bartender in the lobby area bar was rather cold - no smile, not friendly in the least, obviously we weren't "hip"  enough to be treated politely) and the pre-lunch cocktail we had was greatly lacking in alcohol content. We walked around the pool area after lunch and were asked if we were guest of the hotel by a security person (?). We explained no, we were restaurant guests and were just "checking out" the hotel - and were clearly given the "evil eye" - so we left. Very strange vibe overall - perhaps we were older and less "hip" then their target demographics. Oh well.
Unpleasant last few experiences at GB recently specifically with the hostess.  Open bar at kitchen, yet they won't let anyone sit there.  Same situation on last 3 visits.. . Some situation between kitchen, servers, customers?  . . Walked out this time in favor of LGO. Hope this gets resolved because the food generally rocks.
Overrated!! Carne asada is weak, they forgot to put their so called charred tomato salsa on our carne asada tacos?..Shrimp tacos are good, only one shrimp under all the toppings..Loud environment in the dining room and very uncomfortable chairs. The servers seemed nervous and one did crash a plate of food onto a table of people sitting a few feet away from us..Too much hype from locals whohave not experienced real authentic eats in larger cities across the US and outside..
