This is not Southern style brisket. It's chewy and fatty (i found three large chunks of fatty brisket that somebody could choke on if they tried to swallow it). Listen, I ate at 36 real southern BBQ joints last summer and this brisket would rank last. Website says he is from Arkansas, but I would like proof because the brisket doesn't qualify as southern. You can tell bythe way he chops it, real BBQ brisket is more shredded. He also should know nobody serves brisket on a hoagie roll in the south, it comes on a bun. Rollin Smoke has two sauces, one claims to be hot, but both taste exactly the same, nothing stands out in that respect. Moving onto the side dish, which is in a tiny cup and not worth the $2. It was jalapeno coleslaw and wasn't too bad, but I honestly didn't see any jalapeno's in the cup. It also appears he has changed the prices - up of course - after being open a week. The online menu says a combo includes drink, chips and side for $2, now the chips are excluded. The price of 1/2 rack of ribs is $10 online and $12 on another menu that is off to the side inside the place, but on the official menu it is now $16. The big smoker on the outside and good smell makes this place appealing to the eyes and nose, but it doesn't pass the taste test. If you do go, show the website coupon on your phone to save 10 percent and that way when you get home and eat your nasty brisket at least you will have saved some money and won't feel as bad.
I waited to write this review. I've been to this place five times now and I am not a fan. The first two times the baby back ribs were good but a bit over cooked but good. The third time I got beef ribs and they were terrible. It had a big piece of fat right in the middle of the rib and overcooked. The last two times I got the baby backs again and they were really overcooked. I know most restaurants talk about the meat falling off the bones and they did. But these were so overcooked the meat was too soft and mushy.
Two associates and I tried this BBQ joint because of all the good reviews posted here.  I guess I should have tried the beef ribs because the brisket I had was overcooked, dry and tough, the pulled pork wasn't tender enough, and you can't order baby back ribs with the combos, only St. Louis.  I had a couple of those and they were OK, just extra fatty.  Overall, I was disappointed because I'm a BBQ aficionado due to my multiple trips to Texas every year. . .  I like BBQ so much I bought a Texas-style smoker with a side firebox and spent a few years perfecting my 'Q smoking skills.  I can do a brisket and pulled pork that are miles ahead of what we got here and my baby backs are killer.  I don't know, maybe it was too late in the day, we got there about 7 PM and despite what it says in the listing, they close at 8 on weekdays.  The pit master, who seems to be a very nice guy and is very friendly, brought a bunch of briskets in that had just come out of the smoker and maybe we got the tail end of the last batch.  Even if that was the case however; what we got shouldn't have been served in my opinion, it was that bad.
The ribs were over cooked and dried out, and the sweet potatoes and mac & cheese were bland. But worst of all, the place simply wasn't clean. We did like the sweet tea and baked beans, and the servers were friendly enough, but that doesn't make up for the dirty floors and soiled table clothes.
I don't know what happened but I had a totally different experience at Rollin Smoke then everyone else seems to have had.  We ordered rib tips, links, mac n cheese, mashed potatoes, potato salad, coleslaw, peach cobbler and caramel cake all to go.  It took over 45 min for our order to be ready.  I would think the sides and desserts are already prepared and just need to scooped in a container.  So the wait was for links and rib tips?  The smokers were not on when we were there so we weren't waiting for meat.  . . Customer service could have been friendlier.  They customer in front of me asked what sides they had and the guy taking orders just hit the menu where the sides were listed.  I wanted a link and sides but was told I had to get the hotlink sandwich.  I asked "So I can't just get a link?"  He said no not really.  When I pressed the issue he said I can get a 2 item combo and just get all hotlink.  I ordered that but why not just sell a link for $3 or $4 bucks?  After 40 min of waiting and seeing people order after me get their food I asked how long it would be and was told very gruffly that they are "very busy".  They were busy but I ordered before the lunch rush started.  I was also sitting in the booth next to the register so I could hear the orders and knew who was picking up phone orders, etc.  Also during the 45 min I waited at least 5 people told him the coke was out.  It was still out when I left.  . . Ok.  On to the most important part the food.  Cause really, I will wait for hours and put up with bad service for some awesome BBQ.  . . Sweet Tea- Not good.  I actually switched to soda and I rarely drink soda.  . . Rib tips- Hubby thought they were ok.  I'm not a big beef rib person but thought they were ok also.  `. . Links- No way that was 2 portions of links from my 2 meat combo.  It wasn't even 1 small link total.  But that is ok since they were so dried out it looked like they were days old.  I have never seen meat that dry in my entire life.  I'm being generous to say they looked like they were sliced the day before and left in the warmer overnight.  . . Mac n cheese- very bland, noodles overcooked, could have used salt or real cheese.  . . Mashed Potatoes-  Instant.  Yes they use instant potatoes.  All the other stuff there is good.  If they would use real potatoes it would probably be amazing.  . . Potato Salad- This was the best out of all the sides.  It was ok but wouldn't order it again.  . . Coleslaw- Ok.  . . Peach cobbler- Cold.  Who serves cold peach cobbler?  Again ok.  Not great.  . . Caramel Cake- Yellow cake topped with caramel syrup, like the kind you buy for sundaes.  This was actually not bad.  I might even try it at home.  . . All the sides seemed just a little spice away from being good.  Maybe I went on an off day.  I don't know.  After reading everyone's reviews I was so excited to come here and had high hopes for what I thought was going be my new favorite BBQ place.  I was heartbroken at how bad it was.  At some point I will try again cause these 5 stars reviews have to mean something.  But I'm gonna need my yelpers to go with me cause hubby isn't having it.
We ate here after reading all of the great reviews from Yelp. Usually I like 95% of the places with high ratings but this falls in the 5% NOT.  We ate inside (MISTAKE) and ended up smelling like smoke so bad that we had to shower and wash our hair TWICE to get the smell out.  The owner was incredibly kind and he alone deserves 4 stars but this review is based on the food. . . The meat wasn't as tender as I prefer my ribs and the sides were bland. I wouldn't go back and probably wouldn't recommend it either.  The restaurant is very dim so it was hard to see our food but the taste is what's more important.  Overall, I've had much better.
Not good for me . Did the all you can eat offer for 24.99. Every one of he style of ribs were dry . The downfall is the tomato flavor the rub/sauce has... Only great item is the fried shrimp. Service was also very friendly, but not even close to good BBQ for me.
So I had this when I just visited back to Vegas. Tried the Baby Back Ribs and the Mac and Cheese. I didn't love it. It was o.k. I really enjoy TC's RIB Crib more.  Nice place inside and friendly staff.
So very sad. . .  All the great reviews here on Yelp gave me a real desire to check Rollin Smoke out.  I thought I would be in BBQ heaven.  Sadly, my mouth ended up in another place!. . The joint is cool, the staff are friendly, but the BBQ sadly was dry and way too over spiced.  I mean it was too dang hot.  It was so peppery hot that all you could taste was pepper and more pepper.. . We had the $35 combo and man it was a lot of food.  Too bad it was all heat on a plate.. . OK, I get it, some like it hot, but man, who wants to burn out all their mucous membranes to eat some BBQ?  I understand heat, but the heat took away from the taste.  There was no subtly at all, it was just smokey hot and unpleasant.  . . To me, great BBQ is a balance between just the right amount of heat, smoke and some sweet to offset the heat.  There just wasn't any balance.. . Besides that, things were dry.  Not dry like cardboard (except for those nasty slider buns), but the meats were dried out, especially the brisket.. . I wanted to like this place so much.  But sorry, once was more than enough for me.
little disappointed. couldnt tell pork and brisket apart.. chicken was overcooked. cobbler and potato salad were excellent. would give a second chance
Have been here three times two of the three times my order has been messed up.  Tonight being one of the mess ups in my order I ordered half of slap of spare ribs only got four rids and what I did get was all dried out like eating the bottom of my shoe.  Will go else where next time.
