Empty glasses came out (with the orange juice caraffe) COMPLETELY dirty. Food leftovers in them and LOTS of it. Very gross. Makes you wonder what the water glasses really looked like that came out pre-filled and just how sanitary everything is that comes out of the dishwasher!. . Vegetarian eggs benedict was quite blah, toaster muffin was soggy from the get-go. The boys weren't crazy about their meals, they were just ok as well. Nothing special here.. . I love strong flavors, personally. I season the heck out of my hash at home, but the potatoes really are over kill. I couldn't finish them.. . Pretty disappointed. Only notable GOOD things were quick seating outside & decent prices.
This place was a big letdown. I guess b/c I had such a great experience with EGG WORKS their sister place I had put this place on such a high pedestal and they fell off... and no all the kings horses and all the kings men couldnt put this bk together again. . . ENTREE: my bf got the franciscan scramble. sounded really good and he's a professional order-er. Its amazing to watch him work. Everything he orders always comes out spectacular and the best tasting dish at the table. not me.  I had a the tostada last time and I had really wanted the cobb salad but was torn. So this time cobb salad was my only request. . disguisting. . . COBB: I love cobb salads. This was just plain GROSS. they probably gave me 3-4 lbs of ICEBURG LETTUCE. really? iceburg? gross.  the croutons were the 99 cent croutons with the green specks on it. They gave me 1/4 of an egg... at a a place with the word EGG in it.. i was very disappointed. You'd think theyere 'd be at least a full egg? maybe 2. no.. on top of my salad was a lil bit of shredded cheese, and some deli sliced sandwich meat turkey and ham (not even cubes) and the box of sprouts sittong on top of my salad. i ordered blue cheese dressing, they brought me ranch. anything that could go wrong did. 2nd worst meal i've had in las vegas since I've lived here. . . Maybe its my fault? my fault for ordering anything that wasnt scrambled so early in the morning. I take some responsibility in that I guess. my bf's omelet was delicious. the potatoes were good.. so was his banana nut muffin.. (while my bran muffin was gross) it was just the perfect yin/yang of good vs. evil... , er mavs vs the heat, the cowboys vs the 49ers, egg works vs egg & I... and yes good food vs. bad food. . . The only reason I gave them 2stars was b/c of the bfs food was 4 stars cancelled out by my zero stars.. to equal 2. :) . Here's hoping you gleam something from my review... please do not order a salad at egg & I.
I really don't understand the hype with this place and why it is so packed. . The food is mediocre and the portions are so large that it's unhealthy. The service is also pretty bad. When we arrived the hostess seated us at a  with unraveled silverware and a five dollar bill still sitting on the table. She gave us our menu's and left the money awkwardly sitting there. . . When we finally got to put in our orders our waitress recommended that we take a half portion of our cheese, egg and veggie skillet breakfast dish and I'm so glad she did. The half portion was like a full portion and I could barely finish it, as it had so much thick sticky cheese on top. Also, the seasoning that they put on the potatoes tastes exactly like Dorritos and I felt like I was eating potato chips (not in a good way). . . Also I just wanted to note something that happened while were waiting for our food to come. The waitress hastily sat us at a 5 top (it was just my bf and I). A family of 5 came in about 10 minutes after us and she tried to sit them in the table next to us which could not accommodate anymore than 4 people. She grabbed a chair from our table to try and seat them there, but the family was really unhappy, it was especially awkward as we were sitting at the only table that could fit them. She then moved them somewhere to the other side of the room. I saw the family leave a few minutes later out of frustration. . . The food is really just standard fare, nothing to write home about. On top of that it's incredibly unhealthy. I understand that Vegas has very little breakfast joints, but I would rather make my own omelet at home. Your health will be better for it.
Okay. Food and service used to be better.. Ordered buckwheat pancakes this morning.  When the cakes arrived they looked much lighter than normal.  Sent the cakes back thinking they were wheat instead of buckwheat.. Waitress returned with order of cakes saying the restaurant had changed the batter.  Now the cakes are cold.  Taste was not bad, but not as good as the original buckwheat pancakes.  Disappointing. The waitress did not ask how we liked the "new and improved" version.
Writing this review makes me feel like an old man because all I am going to do is complain about how salty my meal was.  I had the chicken fried steak skillet.  The dish consisted of eggs over medium over a layer of sliced chicken fried steak on top of a layer of potatoes all smothered with a coat of gravy. . . I love greasy and unhealthy foods in general but I am starting to think that my taste buds are slowly changing.  The meat was dry and salty.  I had to continually dip the chicken in the gravy to get some moisture and to mask the salt away.  The potatoes were even worse.  They were doused with a heavy coat of seasoning salt.   I considered wiping each piece of potato with my napkin so that they would be edible.. . I drank a lot of water that day.. . I do want to mention, however, that service was nice and my wife enjoyed her huevos rancheros.. . Ohhhhh... Banana nut muffin was quite good.  It was moist but not very fluffy.    My new old man self suspects that something not too healthy was used to get it that moist.  Sometimes not knowing for sure about something like this is better.
It's ok but expensive for what it is.  Food is good. Service is great.  Had better breakfast off the strip.
Good food but left hungry. Cin. Raisin French toast, scrambled eggs, and bacon. Banana nut muffin was more like a banana bran muffin.
Not a good place. Potatoes taste like barbecue potato chips, way to salty. Benedict was watery. Straberry French toast was good but that's it Not sure why the place is highly reviewed.
Food is pretty average. Service is spotty at best. . . There are 2 girls working the front counter. One blond who was really stand-offish and borderline rude when I approached the front...I was standing there for nearly 1 minute wondering how to get on the list, when the other one, the brunette came by and asked the blond to put my name on the list. All this time, the blond was just standing around, twirling her hair. The brunette was friendly and made sure my name was on the list. The rude blond really did not care...wonder how many potential customers she has driven away already.. .  So, I wont visit again, just due to the rude way in which I was treated at the beginning
Ok...so the food here is awesome! I would give it more stars if the customer service had been better; the Egg & I getting 2 stars is over the most ridiculous thing! A couple weeks ago we went there and I have been there a lot, I enjoy their food. My friend and I both ordered sandwiches; we asked to skip the bacon and bread for a healthier meal of course. We all know even though you skip stuff off the meal ordered, you end up paying full price which is fine. Well we asked if we both add avocado to both our meals in place of bread and bacon considering those items are priced higher. After going back and forth with our server who claimed it was against their policy to sub, a veggie/fruit item for a meat/bread item, she brought out the manager. The manager explained that they have two different accounts where they order meats/breads from and where they order veggies/fruit from and they could not, in fact they refused to sub it. We got over it, added the avocado and enjoyed our meal. It wasn't about having to spend the money for it, it was the principal. I bring a lot of friends and family to this place, therefore I expected them to sub it out for me because in the end, it was actually more cost effective for them. I thought it was silly and ridiculous, she actually looked slightly stupid for coming out and to explain the reasoning as to why we couldn't sub it. I actually laughed. So although the food might be at least 4 stars, their service and policies were not and I doubt it was worth it for them to do that to my friend and I earning this some-what bad review. There are a lot of great breakfast spots in Las Vegas so I will hunt down one to take people where they don't fret over silly substitutions on sandwiches. I am very open-minded and understanding; in fact I have ran a restaurant for yrs in the past and know when it is worth it to suck it up and do the substitution.
First impression: very loud and raucous. I'm not really sure what all the fuss is about. The food was pretty standard diner fare. Nothing remarkable at all.   Had a BLT with their home fries. It was average. . . To read some of the review here you'd think this place was heaven on earth. I'm here to say that the food was just okay. When you calculate in the above average prices then this isn't a very good value in my opinion. . . The service, on the other hand, was very good. Staff was great.
Can I get some food with my salt? Ordered the deluxe skillet. It comes with mushrooms, and bell peppers, neither of which where cooked or even warm. It also comes with a generous portion of...you guessed it, salt. So salty that it left this tingling sensation on my tongue all day. Aside from that, the coffee was really good and they give you a large amount so u don't have to constantly ask for a refill.
