While in Las Vegas, you walk up to the craps table and you got the pass and the don't pass line. Well for me, Earl of Sandwich was definitely a "pass". . . I came to the Planet Hollywood location to pick up a Caribbean Jerk Chicken Sandwich ($6) and wasn't impressed with the flavor, breading or amount of chicken. They are suppose to add aspicy jerk sauce but I couldn't taste any additional "bite". When I asked to remove the inside breading, they took a knife and made my roll paper thin compared to pulling out the breading. . . It's a simple concept; you order and they give you a pager when your sandwich was ready. The staff were young and didn't pay very much attention to customer service. Lots of seating and it can get very busy throughout the day. . . Maybe I ordered the wrong thing but for $6, you can't beat a quick bite on the strip and head back to the craps tables!
I'm breaking away from the herd here to say I've had better. I had the original. The bread was awesome, but the roast beef so rare it bled into the bread which was just gross. Ick. Just a small amount of cheese and sauce. Granted it was cheap and convenient, but after reading all these reviews I was expecting a party in my mouth and it just didn't happen.. . I was glad to see I could get a beer with my sandwich but it almost doubled the cost of my lunch for a bottle. Desserts were wrapped in plastic, mostly brownies and the tops of cupcakes (I forget what they called them) but they looked just like the brownies.. . The men in our group loved this. The women all felt like I did. Perhaps it's a man thing?
Overpriced, small portions.  The sandwich (a club) tasted fine, but it's about 6 inches long and was like 7 bucks.  Believe it or not, Subway is a better deal for both quantity and the fact that you can customize your sub, unlike at Earl.. . This place is for casino drunks that want to eat late night and don't care about wasting money, but simply want something to eat.  My wife and I tried it out in the late afternoon and regretted it.  We actually like Quizno's better too!
so-so sandwiches. in between a subway and a quizno's. heard friend's raved about it so i waited in line for 20 minutes for a montagu sandwich and was very disappointed. :( but the caprese was supposed delicious as with all of the other sandwiches!
We had to try the EOS because all of the 5 star reviews..And because of those reviews we were disappointed. We each tried a different sandwich and both of us felt that they were Ok but nothing special,nothing to go out of our way for.2&1/2 stars at best...
food was just ok.. service was  horrible and staff was rude, lots of staff standing behind the counter, but had to wait about 10 min just to order, took another 15 min to get a sandwich.. tables were plentiful but dirty..
Maybe I just tried the wrong sandwich or something because I wasn't really satisfied. I went with the Carribean Jerk Chicken and it was just okay; it was smaller than I thought it would be and the chicken tasted like it was microwaved. The best part of it was the bread, which like other have mentioned had that crunch all the way through. . . I might come back here if I stay at PH again but my first impression has me leaning towards taking the walk to McDonald's for some Hot 'N Spicy McChickens.
I don't understand the hype. I had the Carribean Jerk Chicken. Something about it just tasted boring. When I go back and get a different sandwich I will update. This sandwich was just too greasy for me, and not enough ingredients with really doughy bread. Great if you are drunk. I'm headed for Capriotti's next time, they have sandwiches I dream about.
I literally got a piece of bread, toasted here.. Yes, I am that girl when I am drunk. All I want is plain ol' bread. I'm easy to please. BUT Maybe I was just hammered, but it seriously took a LIFETIME for them to get me my bread. Never get in the way of a girl and her bread.. Then, they took forever to get me butter (sometimes I add a lil sumpin sumpin with some butter) and then they didn't even have any JAM. Come on, no jam? One star, but being open 24 hours for when I need bread at 3 am IS a plus.... Two for you Glen Coco.
Really?! I don't understand all the hype about this place. . . My friends and I walked around the strip for almost an hour because they wanted to eat at this place. First off, $5.99 for an itty bitty sandwich? I get that it's Vegas... Anyway! I got the Montagu because of all the Yelp reviews. . . I was pretty upset and low-key disappointed that we had walked around the strip of an hour just to eat this average-tasting sandwich.
Not what I expected. Ugh, these deceiving Yelp reviews...!. . Earl looks like a Quiznos and tastes only slightly better. Yes, it's open 24 hours but hello, this is Las Vegas. There are much better food options at even the most obscure hours. . . Roast beef sandwich: It's good, but most things taste good at 5 AM. It's reasonably priced, but that's because it's small. And at 5am I want a feast, not a three bite appetizer. Again, this is Vegas, the official home of gluttony, so Earl, please step it up a notch!. . The clientele was somewhat depressing at 5 AM, but it's safe to assume that most Vegas establishments are depressing at 5 AM.. . Next bender, I'm going to Secret Pizza instead.
One word: OVERRATED. . I tried.  I really tried to like Earl's but, I just don't see the hype.  After hearing my friends rave about how good the sandwiches here are, I had to see for myself.. . I've tried The Original, The Full Montague, Caribbean Jerk Chicken, and some others (while incredibly inebriated) and all of them, to be honest, tasted really bland or dry (or both) to me. Nothing special.  I'd rather have a sandwich from Subway.... . First visiting back in early October, I've since visited 5 more times and I still don't get what's so great.  I guess it's probably the fact that Earl's is open 24/7, so after a night of clubbing, drinking, and dancing, you want to get your munchies on; and where else can you go for relatively cheap food (compared to other restaurant joints in Vegas, i.e. expensive casino cafes), other than Denny's at 5 am?  I've recommended Pho Kim Long hundreds of times to my friends, but no one wants to hail a taxi to Chinatown half wasted and/or already feeling the symptoms of a hangover.. . One thing that's cool though is if you're a PH VIP member, all you have to do is flash your card at the cashier, and you get to cut the ridiculous line Earl's always has.  It's kind of a douche move, but hey, saves us a lot of time to go do extra things, like gamble or catch up on some sleep! :)
Very disappointed in this place. I am a sandwich lover. The bread they use is fantastic, but they hardly put any fillings inside the sandwiches, and the fillings are not high quality. The photos of the sandwiches here on Yelp, and on the posterboards in the store, are totally misleading. On our 3 sandwiches, you couldn't even see the filling unless you opened them up. They are beyond skimpy on the meat and cheese. I was also disappointed that they didn't offer a pastrami sandwich, I found the rest of the selection very limited too. The prices are cheap, but the sandwiches are tiny, and are 90% all bread. Please, charge me more money, and give me better quality meat and cheese, and put a little more on the sandwich, so it is more than just a bread sandwich. Their holiday turkey and stuffing sandwich was inedible it was so bad. It had a funny taste to it, the stuffing was bad, and there was only one small clump of the cranberry on one spot on my sandwich. Try some fresh carved turkey, and not some pedestrian lunchmeat turkey. The two good things about this place are the bread, and they do make your sandwich quickly, but that is partly because they don't waste time putting much inside the sandwich itself. I had way better sandwiches at 2 other places in Vegas. I find it very interesting that people can be fooled into thinking a sandwich is a good, based on the bread alone. If you like good bread and tiny portions of tasteless meat and cheese, then this is the place. I make a better sandwich with my panini maker at home. I will only go back when I am in the mood for toast. The high ratings on this place, must be the result of some kind of mass hysteria, or people who were weaned on Subway sandwiches.
Completely over-rated. Have you been to Quiznos? That will give you an idea of what's going on here.. . Am I crazy here?  Most of my Yelp buddies have given this palce great reviews but I whole-heartedly disagree.. . Had the Jerk Chicken and the Full Montagu.  I had to double check the sticker on the wrapper to make sure I didn't get some sort of Italian chicken sandwich. There was no jerk flavor whatsoever. Tasted more like the chicken was drizzled in Italian dressing.  The Montague was better but nothing to rave about.. . I must admit the operation is smooth and the fact that it's open all the time in Vegas is a definite plus.  I wouldn't go out of my way to try this place.
I don't understand the hype. I don't understand all the good reviews. I hear that this is the best sandwich in the world. That might be true if you think that Subway makes a semi decent sandwich. . . I couldn't give it more than 2 stars. I have had many sandwiches in my life. Most better.
Perhaps I'm just not a sandwich fan....I honestly do not understand why so many people are fascinated by their sandwiches. . . Menu is your typical deli meat selection. They make their own bread there and it is toasted for each bite. I find the bread being really greasy as I constantly have to wipe my hands while holding the sandwich. . . I think it's a great sandwich shop (friendly, efficient, inexpensive, open 24hrs) but their sandwiches did not have any wow factor for me.
I really want to give Earl of Sandwich a higher rating, but I don't feel that the hype was really worth it.  I went to Earl hoping for a sandwich that would change my life, but I was a little disappointed.. . I ordered a vegetarian sandwich and a tuna melt. Both were very standard. However, their bread, which is toasted and buttered is very tasty.  This is a good place for a quick bite in Planet Hollywood, but there are a lot of other food options in Vegas.. . Also, beware of their seating setup. There are very few tables despite their very long line. Be prepared to not have a place to sit if you come during a rush.
So I finally try this place not because of the hype, not because of word of mouth, but because I had tickets to a show at the Planet Hollywood theater. So with some time to kill, me and the wifey decided to have dinner before the show. . . Sad to say, I have more negative observations than positive ones so let me get the negative ones out of the way so if you make it to end of this review, then at least you can reflect on some of the positives if you do decide to go here.. . For starters they only have one size sandwich (6 inches) for 5.99. I had to order another sandwich just so I can have that satisfied full feeling. So 12 bucks for a foot long? Sheesh! They only use one kind of bread which is a ciabatta type. It's good but if they had sourdough or wheat it can give whatever choice sandwich you choose a whole nother world of flavor. For their meat whether it's chicken, ham, roast beef, or turkey, they put just enough for you to be able to taste it. Of course you can double the meat for an additional charge. Also don't forget you need a drink to wash it down. So more money out of your wallet. Just do what some people do. They ask for a water cup and fill it with soda. Won't be long before they start charging for that too probably. If you eat here at any time between 12 and 4 am, you're guaranteed to see drunk, fresh from the club, and high people gettin their hungry grub on. I don't know about you guys, but nothing good ever happens between those hours and Earl's is no exception.. . So for the positives. Yes their sandwiches are flavorful, open 24 hours, (which is not always a good thing as described above), and at least you get free refiils on soda. . . So if I just happen to be at Planet Hollywood for some reason and it's not the freaks come out at night period, I will have a sandwich or two if my wallet allows it.
Earl of Sandwich serves $6 sandwiches 24 hours a day. The problem is that the one and only sandwich I tried was extremely disappointing. I asked the lady at the counter for the most popular sandwich and she said, "Get the Earl Club." So, I did.. . Sadly, the strongest flavor for the Club was Charcoal because the crust of the Bread was burned just enough to make it snap-hard and bitter while the Bacon was 2 strips of even crunchier charcoal crisps. With skimpy toppings, light on the cheese, and not enough flavor to overcome the burnt taste, the Earl Club was a miss. I ate most of the Turkey and Cheese, but let the rest hit the trash can on the way out.. . The convenience of being connected to the Planet Hollywood Casino and Miracle Mile of Shops was nice, but the Earl of Sandwich was a losing bet in a city full of great eats. Treat it as a late night stomach-stuffer for $6. Nothing more. Nothing less.
I am sorry but I do not know what the BIG DEAL is about this place. Yes it is one of the few place open late on the strip but I rather go to mcdonalds. The food to price ratio is not that good, as well as there is always a line. I never really crave this place, I am just forced to go because my friends want to go every hour on the hour. It is definitely a spot to try once if you are in town, but I am never please when I leave.
Ok, maybe I was hungover but I don't understand all the hype this place gets!. . I got the Montagu sandwich because that's the one that was most recommended on yelp and honestly, the meat was dry and the bread was average. It needed more mustard or something! . . I wasn't really a fan. I mean considering your other dining options in Vegas, I feel like this place only has two things working for it- it's fast and it's cheap. . . I would probably go here again if A) I end up hungover and can't manage walking or B) I have no money left because the blackjack table took it all
After reading all the great reviews, my love and I decided to give this place a try. To my surprise, this place was a complete failure.. . What we ordered:. The Full Montagu (Roast beef and Turkey with Swiss and Cheddar) - This sandwich was just less than OK. Absolutely nothing special about it. I believe every sandwich comes with 'lettuce' and 'tomatoes'. Wait what? WHAT LETTUCE? WHAT TOMATOES? They were so dinky; there was absolutely no crunch from the lettuce NOR juiciness from the tomato. This sandwich was just so dry... my love and I had to drench each bite with the mustard provided at each table to keep from throwing the sandwich across the slot machines.. The Cobb Salad -  Again nothing spectacular about this salad. I'm a Cobb Salad fanatic, and I can honestly say I've had far better from grocery store deli's. They really do skimp out on everything :(. . I feel semi-bad for bashing on this place... but I'm utterly disappointed that it was all hype. I believe the 4.5 stars comes from its convenience and price, not the quality of food. I can see this place being OK drunk food since it's open 24/7.. . What I recommend? Save your $6 and walk over to Chipotle a few minutes down the strip. Get your money's worth!
I don't understand what all the hype's about. I think everyone just thinks it's amazing because they're all drunk and it's not expensive. Just regular sandwiches to me, meh!
If I'm going to eat a sandwich, I don't want one so thin that it feels like I'm eating a lunchable. SO skimpy on the meat (which is tasteless & grocery store quality) and vegetables (1 leaf of lettuce in the sandwich). The chicken tastes microwaved and has a really squishy texture. Bread is toasted and crispy but is very thin and has NO flavor whatsoever. Caesar salad was DRENCHED in dressing and the plastic container was over half full with those nasty soggy squishy chicken pieces. Yeah you're paying ~$6 per sandwich, but I don't consider that a great deal for such a small, mediocre sandwich. SO NOT WORTH waiting in that long line. People who like Earl's - you are trippin.
Duke, Duke, Duke, Duke of Earl. Duke, Duke, Duke of Earl. Duke, Duke, Duke of Earl. Duke, Duke, Duke of Earl. . Yes, a-I, oh, I'm gonna love you. Oh, oh, nothing can stop me, now. 'Cause you're The Duke of Earl. So, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. . Sorry Earl I didn't love you.  I love you bread and juicy roast beef but the rest of the meats and crap in it sucked.  $6 is cheap for Vegas.  We walked from the Venetian just to eat here at Planet Hollywood.  Its a far ass walk in 100 degree weather.  I was not a happy fatty.  But it was worth it when I saw NeNe walking in the PH being filmed for housewives Atlanta.  woot woot!
*** THIS REVIEW PROBABLY IS ONLY INTERESTING TO VEGETARIANS **. . Woke up hungover, of course, and wanted a reeeeally good sandwich. I was staying at the MGM and thought, "If I'm going to pay $15 for a sandwich, I want it to be special." I could have skipped walking down the blazing hot strip first thing at noon right out of bed and just gone to 'wichcraft, which is the sandwich place inside MGM. Now I wish I had. . . The line was crazy long, but it was noon, and it was Saturday, and it only took like 15 minutes, so I'm not gonna gripe about that. However, you place your order by standing by the register and you don't get to see any of the other ingredients that are available. You just get whatever sandwich they have however they make it. Sure, I could have asked and tried to add things maybe, but I feel like a dick doing that when all of the employees are already looking flustered and there's a line of like 50 people behind me.. . First I should mention, I came here because Yelp assured me I would love it. I am a vegetarian that occasionally eats fish for special occasions or when I'm hungover and want something kinda gross but good. It said "Vegetarians go nuts for this place." But HOW, vegetarians? HOW do you go nuts for this place? The only veggie sandwich was your typical basil/mozzarella/tomato sandwich that is always the option EVERYWHERE and I don't ever want one ever again because I've had it a million times. In fact I have never known a vegetarian that goes nuts for this kind of sandwich, because it's tasteless and boring. So anyway, I got the tuna melt, because everyone was actually going nuts for this on reviews. The bread was pretty good, but the rest of it, when I ate it I hardly acknowledged the taste, because all I could think about was the awful stomach ache I was now destined to have after eating this. There was absolutely NO vegetables. No tomato, no onion, no lettuce... WTF? This was hardly a $10 sandwich. Also it was Albacore tuna which is the cheapest tuna on the market and there was nothing else in the tuna salad besides mayo. Real creative for a place named after a guy that INVENTED something as awesome as a sandwich. . . Don't go here (if you're vegetarian or are considering the tuna melt). Especially if you're not staying at Planet Hollywood (lucky you, that place looked awful). And especially if you're a little cranky and tired and it's over 100 degrees outside and you have to walk longer than two minutes to get there. I don't know about other sandwich places, I just know this place isn't as awesome as Yelp reviews are making it seem.
I want to go back here again and again, and be a regular here and then the duke. Just so I can say I am the "Duke of Earl (of Sandwhich)"!! .. . That aside, there are four laws of Sandwich. . 1  Soft fillings are best served on soft breads.. 2. When wet ingredients, such as tomatoes are used, a thin coating of mayonnaise, butter, cream cheese or oil should be applied to the bread as a moisture barrier.. 3. Avoid placing layers of slippery, slidy substances next to one another. 4. Never, ever use a bread you wouldn't eat on its own.. . The sandwich I had was the earls club. Which consisted of :Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich Sauce. The sandwich was generally nice it followed all of the rules I set out aside here. It mostly stayed together very well, had good structure and mostly good taste.. . The major downside I would say is that they seem to really skimp on the amount of actually filling they give, the bread seemed to be mostly bread and filler to me. I didn't really get the feeling that I got my 8 dollars worth of sandwich.The place wasn't anything special, just a mall style eatery in a casino. It was ok, for a relatively cheap place to eat on the strip, but it wasn't anything to race back to.
I read the reviews on Yelp, and was all excited to try this place.  So it's 1am on a rainy, thunderstormy night in Vegas, but I press on to sample the Earl's tuna melt sandwich.  I was craving a good tuna melt, and from the photos on Earl's website, it looked like I was in for a huge, delicious sandwich.  Not the case.  There was barely enough tuna on my sandwich to give it even a slight tuna flavor.  The bread was the main thing I tasted.  Definately not the double-layer of tuna depicted on their website.  For $6.49, I felt I was overcharged.  . . To top it off, when I was done, I showed the photo of the tuna melt from their website to the Manager (Marc).  He said "they sure make it look big on the website, obviously they're making it look like a lot more than it is".  He then simply offered me a "sorry boss" and then turned and walked away, no offer to remake my sandwich, refund my money, maybe comp me a brownie or anything.  Left with a bad taste in my mouth.  Oh, and to top it off, they were repairing the floors in the seating area, and the workers were using blowtorches to heat up the vinyl flooring (looks like wood, but it's vinyl).  It gave off noxious odors while I was eating at one of the two available tables.  I definately won't be in any hurry to return, I've had much better sandwiches at the Carnegie Deli in Vegas, and at Gaglione Bros. subs in San Diego!
Why would one waste a meal here at this chain restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip? Was curious and went to try it. A big disappointment, and a regrettable meal choice. The giant, almost grotesque pile of par-baked white bread 'loaves' at Earl Of Sandwich are a huge turn-off - hide that nasty pale bread, guys! No whole wheat bread choice. White bread is all they've got - the sandwich nutritional equivalent of an iceberg salad. 21 locations across the USA and growing? You're going to stunt our growth, Earl! Please stop!. . And, this is how they get 'cha: if you're hungry, you will want two (2) sandwiches, and that will set you back $12. These are relatively small sandwiches with very little going for them on the inside - under 2 oz. of meat, and no 'extra veggie' options. If you were to get a free sandwich on an AmTrak Train ride, this is pretty much the sandwich you would expect to receive.. . Because of this experience, every time I am among the very slim pickings at Newark Airport Terminal A, I pick the Jamba Juice cart every time over the Earl Of Sandwich. Not sure if the Earl Of Sandwich's popularity comes from it's Disney World roots or what, but I crown thee now: the Runt Of Sandwich!. . You really think that Nolan Ryan and Roger Clemens actually eat this sh*t? (They are two of the original franchisees!)
This place is good if you're looking for a cheep, filling meal on the strip.. . I had the Full Montague, a good sandwich, filling. I wouldn't say it was as spectacular as others have raved, but that didn't stop me from eating it three times during my stay in Vegas.. . The comments about the service are spot on, whoever is running this place obviously doesn't know the meaning of customer service, or just doesn't care that the service is rude, unfriendly, and completely uncaring about the customer's experience. I would think a restaurant on the strip in Vegas would be ready for a high turnover of new business and train staff to welcome new guests and help them through the process, this was a complete fail. I was not welcomed as I arrived during any of the three visits, the staff didn't waste a single friendly or helpful word beyond what was absolutely necessary to complete the transaction, and I don't remember a single thank you for my patronage.. . I would recommend going, but save a buck and keep the tip for yourself, unless management/staff get their act together.. . Altogether a mediocre sandwich and bad service, but the price is good.
I got the Earl's Club, per suggestion of the cashier.. The sandwich was decent, with warm, crispy bread, turkey, and bacon. It was just okay.. I took a bite of my friend's chipotle avocado chicken, which was also okay.. I took a bite out of another friend's Montague, which was, again, okay.. . Am I missing something that everyone else seems to see in these sandwiches??
Some of the sandwiches here are truly awesome. Some of them suck. Don't get the "Cannonballs", the meatball sandwich.  The beef tastes frozen, and I don't mind telling you, it came out both ends. . . Their cold cut sandwiches are pretty good, but the whole "fresh bread" thing is a joke..looks like frozen loafs warmed up through their conveyor driven oven. . . Not only that but the service is lackluster. I get my employee discount sometimes, sometimes I don't. I don't even bother to ask anymore, because it isn't worth the 40 cents. The sammiches are ok, but not as good as so many here claim.
Good sandwiches but but not great and I have to say the product is relatively small for the price.  Stay away from the salads though - they were not that good...like ordering fish at a steakhouse I suppose. . . . Not sure what all the rave reviews are about - seriously.
After my 5 hour drive, I was finally here and STARVING!. . Without any hesitation, my friend and I decided to go here because of blow your mind amazingness of sandwiches everyone speaks of!!!!!. . Ya, no.. . Got the club sandwich, and it was alright. The only compliment I have to give is that I ate the whole sandwich.. . I don't know, maybe you need to be drunk?
Probably one of the few reasonably priced joints in the strip, though I don't see what the hype is about.  If you input RESTAURANTS on the STRIP in Las Vegas, this is one of the top three in terms of ratings.  Really?  I don't know where all the accolades are coming from, but the Earl of Sandwich is far from Earldom in my book.. . Got to admit, the pics of the sandwiches look pretty good.  But when I got  the Mediterranean Chicken Salad Wrap, I seriously thought they got my order WRONG as the dressing was the same as a Caesar's.  I could only tell the difference from the fact that the Med Chicken had red peppers and olives, while a traditional Caesar doesn't have this.  My boyfriend was also unimpressed with his BLT (which looks a lot smaller than the pictures).  Overall a disappointment given all the good reviews.  I wonder if it's all the alcohol which makes Yelpers more kindly disposed to the restaurants on the LV Strip??!!
Not sure what all the hype is about. They serve affordable sandwiches in an otherwise overpriced town. My sandwich was ready for 10 minutes before they finally realized that my buzzer was broken.
WTF.... I can't believe this place gets nearly 5 star reviews!!! Had their signature sandwich, tomato soup, kid's grilled cheese, chinese chicken salad, potato salad and the miniature brownies.  Picked up 2 bottles of beer.  All of this came out to $46?I don't mind paying for what you get, but this was getting subway shit.  The sandwich was ok, nothing that great.  The tomato soup was pretty damn close to what comes out of a campbell's can with yesterday's bread as croutons.  The kid's grilled cheese looked like a overcooked whole wheat hamburger bun and it was dry.  Salad was good, totally dug how they put the dressing at the bottom to control the withering.  Potato salad was pretty generic and tasted like it was out of a tub.  Brownies were overbaked and crunchy (if you're into that sort of thing).  Seriously people, check out a Specialties sandwich or a Corner bakery sandwich.  If you thought this place deserved 5 stars, you'll make either of those places, your last meal on earth.
I was very excited when I went to the Earl of Sandwich. The advertisements look good and I thought I would enjoy it. I ended up being very disappointed. It's not that the sandwich has a bad taste. It does not. But the bread, even though they are trying to make it more artisan, just misses the mark. I found it to be a bit on the hard side. That just ruins a sandwich for me.. . The Earl of Sandwich is located in the Palms, so there is no ambiance at all. Step in, get your sandwich, and then find a table to sit at while everyone else at the other seven restaurants is doing the same. I also thought the price was quite high for something just on the lower side of OK.
What the frack. . I guess you have to be drunk or crazy to enjoy these sandwiches. . . I was looking forward to trying Earls and even ordered three different sandwiches to gather a fair opinion. None of them looked like the pictures. None of them tasted any better than TOGOs. . . The highlight of my meal was the Mac and cheese. . . I feel robbed. Bamboozled even.
A friend claimed this as the best deal on the strip. About $6 for a decently sized but filling sandwich. Since I wasn't too hungry, I opted to share one with a friend. We settled on the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich. I wish since it was our first time we would've gotten the original because I think I would've liked it better and come back. The Caribbean jerk chicken was not at all Caribbean-y. None of that sauce that reminds me of jerk chicken. It was more like grilled chicken with red and banana peppers. The chicken strips in it were really moist and tender. And I think my favorite part was the bread. Right amount of thickness. Warm and crunchy on the outside but not chip-your-tooth tough, soft in the middle but not mushy. The line is ridiculously long and the seating area is too small for everyone who is trying to eat here. I'm holding out hope that they are better than their Caribbean jerk chicken sandwich so I will be back to taste their other sandwiches.
I had heard plenty of amazing comments and read raving reviews about this "EARL OF SANDWICH" venue, so this time around I finally decided to make room in my Vegas itinerary and add this on my "GO TO" list! . . The line wasn't long at all, which was good specially for someone who purposely starved herself to make room for these "amazing" sandwiches. Overall wait time is approx 10min or so. I was def appreciative with the fast service.. . Ordered the Broccoli Cheddar soup...It was on the watery side vs creamy and where's the cheese? Did it go missing in the casino? . Took my first bite of my Tuna Sandwich with a smile on face since I waited so long to try this place --- I admit I was impressed on how fresh the bread was, as I continue to chew my smile turned into more like WTF was that.. the tuna..hmmm...I can honestly say I've had better and could make better!. . Few hours later GUESS what? I got sick --- the culprit! Earl of Sandwich, The Tuna? I think so...BAD BAD BAD first impression! . . Expectation: Extremely high thanks to delirious reviewers . Experience: ehhhh! WTF!
It was okay, not what I expected.  The toasted bun was nice, but the flavor from the chipotle chicken was lacking.  Both of the ice machines were out of ice so the fountain drink was not very cold.  For the money, it could have been spent better elsewhere.
Rather than give this place one star -- which my sandwich warranted -- I give it two based on my side:  a salad of generous proportion with a variety of ingredients.. . . But I didn't stop in for the salad.  I wanted a good sandwich.  And that isn't what I got.  I ordered a hot roast beef sandwich.  (I believe it's called 'The Original'.)  The first bite was all gristle.  So was the second -- throw in a vein or two.  Why I didn't return this mess is beyond me.  Instead, I filled the bread, which was actually pretty good, with the salad -- and paid too much for what amounted to lettuce and tomato on bread.
Let's start with this: please inform me when my sandwich is going to be smothered butter. That seems logical, right? But no where does it say "Our sandwiches are all lathered with butter".. . Nothing against toasted bread with butter one it- I would just prefer not to have the taste of my sandwich overcome with grease.. . I got the Caprese Sandwich- tomato, mozzarella, basil, and balsamic vinegar, oh, and a crap ton of butter. The flavors were overwhelmed with the butter, and really took away the great taste. Well, what should have been a great taste really. The tomatoes seem alright, but the basil was lacking and the cheese just didn't have the fresh mozzarella taste to it. My boyfriend had been here before and had the same problem; greasy sandwich, not so tasty ingredients, but we came back to try it anyways. Same thing really. I guess I may try one more time, if I am just passing by and really hungry, and get a sandwich WITHOUT butter, if that is possible.
I guess I didn't order the right sandwich because out of all the awesome reviews my sandwich was just.... OK. I got the Italian and was not really impressed. It was just a small amount of meat and a slice of cheese with stock Italian dressing. So what's the big deal?? Ok I'm gonna have to go back and order something else because I gotta see what all the hype is about! To be continued...
not really good at all. i enjoyed the sex and the city slot machine outside of the restaurant much more than the actual food.
What can I say except it's a sandwich.  Nice if you are in the middle of nowhere kinda like an oasis.
We went here while visiting Vegas, mainly due to all the glowing reviews this place gets here on Tripadvisor. What a let down. This place is a typical strip mall sandwich shop that is located in Planet Hollywood / Miracle Mile Shops. The sandwiches are average at best, the soup was pretty good, the salads were actually pretty much like a house salad at a low end restaurant. The worst part is the service. We stood in line about 15 minutes to place our order, then waited 30 minutes and never got our order. When I went back to the counter to inquire about our order, they had "lost" the order. They said it would be a couple of minutes and they would bring it out to the table. About 10 minutes later we got the food order, but it was wrong and we waited another 5 minutes for them to correct it. Do your self a favor and find another place to eat, This place needs different staff or management to get this place straightened out..
def not the worlds greatest hot sandwiches. i had the turkey stuffing and super salty gravy sandwich. it was meh
I had high hopes, but alas, they were dashed.  Although the flavor was good, they skimped on the ingredients.  Plenty of bread, of course, but unfortunately, like all chain sandwich joints, there was only a tiny bit of meat and cheese.  In fact, when I opened the wrapper there was no filler visible at all - my sandwich simply looked like a loaf of bread.  Only by peering at the cut end could I discern the miniscule serving of beef.  Even Subway (which does not taste as good) does better when it comes to quantity of filling.. . And of course it goes without saying that the sandwich looked nothing at all like the photos on the menu, with their hearty portions.. . Not recommended unless you fancy paying $8 for a small loaf of bread.. . Otherwise, the service was good and the restaurant was clean.
What is that fascination with this place? They hardly put any meat in their sandwiches. The bread isn't the greatest. They overkill on the dressing. I can not understand why people flock to this place and give them 5 stars...... There are so many better choices for sandwiches in Las Vegas. This is not one of them.. . Btw. I am writing this review after trying 3 different items on their menu. Every experience was the same. Practically nothing in between the bread. Over doing the dressings. Bad bread.
Definitely overly hyped!. . Their bread is good, but their meat is poor, they barely put anything in between the slices of their bread! I felt like I just paid for their bread. I waited in line for 25minutes for the sandwiches with high expectations. Instead, I was still hungry after eating the sandwich and grumpty for having to wait that long for something not so amazing. What was I thinking?!. . I'm giving them two stars for their soft, delicious bread. However, if you don't like your bread being a little oily, you may not like it. You can definitely get better sandwiches at other local sandwich shops in Vegas. Definitely over hyped. You can definitely go if the line is short, but honestly don't wait in line. There are SOO many other places to eat in Vegas.
Based on the Yelp recommendation that "Vegetarians go nuts for this place", I came and stood in the long line until I got almost to the front and noticed that there is only one vegetarian sandwich on the menu. And it's the same boring sandwich that I've seen many times at delis.. . I'm not sure how to let Yelp know that they definitely need to remove the vegetarian tag for this place, because it's not any more vegetarian friendly than any other restaurant in Vegas, so just be warned!
Extremely overrated. Nothing at all to write home about. I don't understand the hype.
Earl of Sandwiches, the greatest food for drunks, but not when one is sober! 4.5 stars is far too generous for this place. In closing it's just a sandwich joint with one type of bread.
I've had waaaay better sandwiches. It's perfect for the late night "smokers" that don't care about what the food taste like as it is shoveled into their face eyes closed.
This is an okay place if you want to grab a quick bite but not anything more than that.  I was very disappointed by their holiday turkey sandwich.  I was thinking it would be like Capriotti's "The Bobby" but that's what I get for thinking!  :)
Overrated! Advice from a local: Skip it.
Located on the Casino level of Planet Hollywood, you'll find a line of hungry people paying about ten bucks for a sandwich. Comparable to a subway, you'll get in the que hoping you had your sandwich ready in minutes. Instead you'll get a number that's called shortly after your order is placed. . . I ordered the original sandwich, which is basically a suped-up roast beef sandwich comparable to Arby's. The bread was fine, but the quality of meat disappointed me quite a bit. While thick slices covered hastily in horseradish, the tendons absolutely ruined the sandwich. I couldn't chew through my sandwich and found myself spitting it out. The bites I could chew required mustard to make it through.. . It may be a result of a very busy establishment and a lack of quality control, but I don't think my experience in Vegas was highlighted by the original sandwich. I won't be coming back here again, and I hope there will be more taste in the roast beef for those who have it in the future.
