This hotel (front/lobby/casino) is beautiful! The rooms on the other hand....very disappointing. We went on a wed/thurs for $250 a night MID WEEK you would think you would get a mini fridge or a coffe maker in the room at the very least! The mini bar wasn't even on....they said our room would have robes...no robes to be found. The "view" window was completely filthy and there were black scuff like marks on the arm table and lamp by the couch. The pools were nothing special. They do however have a very nice 24 place called The Delux something....and they have really good food reasonabily priced. The free drinks are PURE mixer nothing in them....but when you buy a drink from a bar they are very heavy on the pour...and they should be for a $13 vodka/cran.... . It was nice to check it out, but next time I will stick to what I know, Wynn, Encore or Ceaser's
Pseudo Luxury.. . I think the big discrepancy in the ratings with this hotel is how much each reviewer paid for their room. I paid $250/night on a weekend. I'm sure my experience would have been much better had I paid less than $150 like other reviewers. Basically that's what this hotel is worth.. . Room - big but everything feels worn and old. Staff - not very helpful, not very friendly, kinda clueless. Services - Just try calling the front desk and see how long it takes you to get through.. Casino -  many dealers are not friendly and often times rude, which can make loosing money much more unpleasant when compared to other Casinos. . . . I'm sure when the hotel first opened it must have been nice but here's the problem. The rooms although big are worn down and not well kept up, but that's not even the real problem. When I stay in a 3-4 star hotel, if I were to call the front desk they pick up pretty much right away. At the Venetian your on hold for 2-3minutes. When you call for the casino you are misdirected 2-3 times before getting to the right person after being on hold. When you check in and you have more than one room, they are completely confused and not very helpful, and when you check out they still get everything wrong. . . The best thing thing this hotel has going for it are it's restaurants.
For the price of the rooms, it really is just okay.  MGM and Mandalay Bay, which are in the same range most of the time, are a lot more enjoyable and have the same quality of rooms.. . I was there for a bachelorette weekend getaway a few weeks ago, and spent the whole 2-and-a-half days trying to keep up with these girls, clubbing 'til 4am and running around the casinos.  . . On day (night?  middle of the night?  morning?) two, my feet really started to give out around 4:30am.  Shouldn't have worn those brand-new slouchy booties... but they're just so cute!  Anyway, every time the group stopped moving I'd slump into a chair at a nearby slot machine to give my feet a bit of a rest (Iwasn't alone).  I got glares from staff every time because I wasn't playing, and a couple of times I had them approach me to tell me to move.  The first time, they pretended they needed to do machine maintenance.  Smooth.  Second time, they just flat out told me to play or get out of there.  . . The place was empty, mind you, as it was 4:30 IN THE MORNING.  . . So my also-tired friend and I split off from the group to head up to the room, where one other person was already sleeping.  We didn't have a key, and planned to just have her let us in.  Of course, then we ran into "elevator security," the guy who won't let you past his podium without a key.  Back to the front desk to see if they'd issue us one, which of course they couldn't, as neither of our names were on the room reservation.  All of that is understandable, but what ISN'T is that each staff member talked to us as though we were 5-year-olds, assuming we were piss-drunk.  For the record, at that point, we were both sober.  Tired as hell, but sober - I had had one drink 6 hours ago.. . . Anyway, enough of my rant.  I just was not a fan of the staff in the least.  I've stayed at at least six different hotels in Vegas and spent time in all of the casinos (never gambling, always waiting on others - and therefore sitting in slots chairs without playing) and was never made to feel so unwelcome.  I'm over you, Venetian.
This place used to be 5 stars no question.. . Right now, the only reason I give it 2 stars instead of one is because of the great poker room and restaurants they have.  I'm talking about the restaurants Thomas Keller, Emeril Legasse, Wolfgang Puck, and others run.  Not their room service or anything like that.. . The rooms are still awesome but the service has become flat out awful.  When I checked in for a littler poker holiday (I live in Las Vegas) my upgraded room (which I'm paying $100/night extra for) didn't have a working minibar or safe in there.  Ok normally no big deal...I call the front desk and ask for someone to come in and fix that.  I come back at 5:30 am from playing poker and nobody had been in the room.. . The next day, I again leave my room and ask for housekeeping to come in and clean as well as do the installations.  I come back about 5 hours later and nothing.  What?!?!  Call the front desk and they say they will send a housekeeping supervisor.  Ok great thanks!  10 minutes later she arrives.. . I can best describe her reaction to my call as "meh."  Listen Yelpers, I am not a complainer about service or whatever.  I don't need much.  But when I heard her excuse that a housekeeper DID TRY to come into my room but her KEY DIDN'T WORK I almost laughed out loud.  Really?  My key works but her master key didn't work?  Then why didn't she get someone else to come and use their key?  Because I specifically asked for housekeeping before I left since I needed to do some work afterwards.  Real reason no housekeeping came?  They just didn't bother.  If they key really wasn't working they would have found a way to remedy that or left a message on my phone for me in the room.  What a joke.. . Also, asked the supervisor to look into the missing minibar and safe.  Her reaction.  "meh"  Actually it was "oh this is weird.  Sometimes things are in different places with this suite than others"  Ok...so we search the room and don't find anything.  Her reaction?  "Meh."  No promise to get them installed correctly.  She just says "That's strange."  . . "That's strange" = "Meh". . My past love of The Venetian?!?!  Meh.
Amazing to say, but showing its age in the casino and main tower. The smell of smoke comes out of the air conditioning even in the hotel tower, and the rooms are badly in need of updating.. . The Venezzia and Palazzo towers "seem" much nicer.
The place looks nice but it took over 2 hours to get some towels and over and hour for room service.After multiple calls they told me that they had no records of me ever calling for anything... wasn't satisfied.
Room was spacious, ice machine on the 28th floor broken all weekend, hotel workers talking really loud outside our door for 30 minutes a broken key card maker when we checked in and ambivalent front desk and most maids were nice but we met one that was mad that we asked for an extra soap
Rooms are nice, but so many things are just horrible. Was put on hold 45 mins multiple times when trying to call the front desk or business center. $1 a copy to print a page given the high room fee? Lousy service downstairs and people harassing you worse than anywhere in the world to sell shows and upgrades? Cheap
This hotel is a bit overrated. They really need to renovate their rooms. It's a nice place to visit when you're in Vegas but I wouldn't recommend staying here.
Bad service and not worth the price.
Rooms are very nice, so 2 stars. Front desk was not very helpful, they treat you like a number.  The carpet in the hallway to our room was covered in plastic, made me feel like they were removing bodies from a crime scene..  They just remodeled the sports book and did a bad job. It is not a comfortable place to watch a game unless you like hanging out in a cubicle. . I will say the the bartenders in the sports book know how to make you feel welcome. They remember your name, are proactive and do what they can to accommodate (and sometimes console you after your horse clears from the pack and has a 16th of a mile to go and the jockey falls off the horse for no apparent reason. But I am not bitter, what makes you think I am bitter?)
This hotel was very beautiful, and if you are use to being pampered and have a bit of money to throwaround then this is totally the place for you!. . My room was beautiful and spacious, as was my bathroom.  The staff around the hotel were also wonderful and helpful.. . I did find it a little annoying that despite the lovely decor and all, I didn't have a fridge in my room!  I mean, there was a mini bar (which had everything hooked up to pressure sensors that would automatically charge my room if I even picked up anything), but no place to put anything I brought in myself.  I ended up filling one of my bathroom sinks with ice and keeping my drinks in there for the week.  Not the classiest thing but it worked!. . Also, it is a serious hike to get anywhere in this super confusing hotel, and even more confusing if you ever try to leave it!  It took me and a friend over an hour and directions from 3 different employees to finally get outside the damn place!  I work in a shop and am pretty used to being on my feet and walking most of the day, but this place made that seem like nothing!  Even a few days after being home my feet are still hurting (and no, I wasn't tromping around Vegas in heals, I was wearing sneakers.  I don't even own a pair of heels!). . I would definitely stay here again if someone else was paying the bill.  Next time I'm in Vegas for fun, I think I will try to find something a bit more... casual...
My friend and I came here for the gondola ride. It was evening so we had the option of the one inside or outside. We chose outside, it was just a lovely night. So we make our way down and it turns out the cost is $30 for sharing a gondola or $60 for a private trip. Well luckily it was just myself and my friend so we chose the $30 ride. Our gondolier was female, which I thought was different but didn't mind. Then they took our picture before we ventured off into the night. Well our venture lasted all but 5 min we were sung a lovely Italian ballad and the voice was angelic but 5 min really for $30?? She was fun though and made it entertaining. Then we disembarked and of course there was our picture staring me in my face. The angle was BAD and I really didn't feel like spending another $25 especially on a bad pic. Then the girl got attitude with me like why don't you want it, what's wrong with it and I told her ME!! It's a BAD picture!!! Then she says why don't you give your email address in case you change your mind. I was like look I DON'T want the picture... Good Day!! Next time I might just try the indoor ride.
Update: After writing this review, I decided to contact customer relations at the hotel again. I spoke with a very nice representative "Lisa" who credited back $150 on my credit card-even she couldn't believe all of the notes on our account nor the fumes we had to deal with. They are also looking into other things for us so I am glad I called. . Upgrading to 2.5 stars and this review might go higher depending on what else happens.. _____________________________. I had high expectations for this hotel-and even higher given the fact that we upgraded to a fancy pants suite to celebrate my 40th birthday. While the hotel lobby is beautiful and the poker room giant, the rest of our stay was just okay and I promise to post pictures of our room once I get around to it. We had some really nice service and some not so nice service given what happened here, and I will do my best to outline it.. . -Check in time is supposed to be 4pm. Our plane was late and we arrived at 6pm to find out our suite (that had been booked since mid September) was not ready for us. We were offered a lesser suite on a lower floor, but it was a smoking floor so that was a "NO". We were then told they would have our kind of suite available in an hour so for inconvenience, we were offered free drinks at the bar (husband does not imbibe) and $100 food and beverage credit (not to include tips). We said that would be fine, brought our bags to the Valet area and went to look around a bit. As promised, an hour later, our room was ready and we had a suite on the 26th floor-all the way at the end of one hall.. . Upon walking into our suite, we were blasted by the smell of what I thought was new paint. When the Bellman brought up our luggage, he advised us that this was a newly remodeled suite and that we were the first ones to stay in it. This is usually a good thing, but the smell was so overpowering I felt dizzy and like I would pass out. I called down to the front desk, was on hold for about 15 minutes (word to the wise-if a major rodeo is in town beware for lots of cowboys and no room availability). I was told the hotel was at capacity (7,000 rooms) and they would send housekeeping up to refresh the room with air freshener. Luckily, we didn't stay in the room that long and we did have a bedroom door that shut and we couldn't smell the fumes with the door closed. . . The next morning, I woke up with a bit of a headache and at about 6:45am, I told the husband I was going to get coffee from Bouchon. First, I made a beeline for the front desk.. -I let the front desk know about our room smell. Again, I was advised the hotel was at capacity and was credited another $50 towards food and beverage. I was told that they could have housekeeping come and ionize our room but it would be a 5 hour or so affair. I told them that was fine as we had planned on going to Caesar's for the day and would call when we were leaving the room. I also advised that the jets in our tub were not working properly, there were lightbulbs burned out in the light fixture over the dining room table and that the makeup mirror provided did not work. I was assured everything would be taken care of.. - We were gone all day. Left the Venetian around 9:30 and arrived back around 3:30 with a full expectation our room would be better. When we returned, the ionizer was still going full blast and whilst the bed had been made and the towels and ammenaties replenished, the bathroom was still not cleaned, lightbulbs still not replaced, etc. etc. I called down to the front desk and was on hold for about 20 minutes and was finally connected to a "manager". At this point, we were running short on time as we had dinner plans with a couple of my friends and my Mom and her friend before we had tickets to see Jersey Boys. I was advised by this manager that they were at full capacity but they could have another comparable suite available to us but we would have to pack up and be ready to go by a certain time. I reminded him that we were on our way out the door to dinner-meeting people BEFORE our showtime. He was an ass-and I ended up telling him so and we left for dinner and I tried to suck up how furious I was about the room and the smell. Luckily both dinner and the show were enough to take my mind off the room and I did get a call during dinner on my cell from the asshole manager telling me that someone was coming to repair our tub, thoroughly clean the bathroom and that the ENTIRE hotel was out of the particular lightbulb to replace above the dining room table. Hard to believe, but by this point, I was done.. . There are other problems with this hotel but there are also some great things. The front desk clerks were awfully nice, the hoochie mama dresses worn by most guests made for great people watching and the overall aesthetics of the hotel are magnificent. I enjoyed the restaurants, the window shopping, etc.. . I may stay here again, but probably not and definitely wouldn't waste our money on a suite here again.
While the venetian has been on top of its game for the most part. My first stay here truly sucked. From the crappy service at the front dest. To the very mediocre and much needed update of a room. I was disappointed to say the least. . . When checking in. The lady at the front desk was just being snoby as hell. Very rude and stupid. It was almost 3 o clock. The normal check in time. And there still wasn't any rooms available. Unacceptable. I get to my room. And although its clean and neat. The furniture, curtains, sheets, colors etc were just all old faded and out of date. Even the t.v was old. With limited chanels. . . Do yourself a favor. Stay the palazzo. Or THEhotel. Better bang for your buck. Oh and hotel guests do not, repeat do not get into Tao night club for free. You skip the line, that's about it. Casino and spa are worthless too.
I have stayed in the Palazzo several times - this was my first time in the Venetian part of it.  It wasn't terrible, but I've experienced better.. . Check-in was easy... the woman at the desk was very friendly and the whole process was pretty painless.  The room she had put me in had a killer view of the strip.  The room was pretty nice... they are all suites, so they are huge.  A TV in the living room, another in the bedroom, and even one in the bathroom... wow!  The bed was incredibly comfortable... generally hotel beds are horrible on my back, but this was one of the most comfortable beds I'd ever slept in.  Also, the room was quiet... I didn't have any noise from my neighbors or hear other doors opening/closing. . . I'm not much of a gambler, so don't really have any comments there.  It seemed clean and didn't completely stink of cigarette smoke, so that was a nice plus.  . . My biggest complaint is that Iwas promised a non-smoking room... there is no way in hell that my room hadn't been smoked in recently.  It smelled so strong, that I was struggling to breathe the first time I had walked in.  I immediately called the front desk... they said they were going to set up an air purifier in the room and promised this would take care of it.  This was at about 10:15am.  By 11am, they still hadn't shown up yet, so I called back to make sure they were still coming.  I was promised they would be there in the next 20 minutes.  Since I had to go check in at a conference and wouldn't be in the room, I took their word for it and figured it would be dealt with while I was gone.  Unfortunately, I showed up at the room again at about 5:30pm, and it still stunk incredibly bad.  I called back to the front desk again and they apologized and would be sending somebody right up.  So, 10 minutes later, a guy shows up with a spray bottle... now when they said air purifier, I expected some sort of HEPA air filter, or something along those lines... not an industrial bottle of deodorizing spray.  So the guy sprayed the room - not a bit of difference...He did it again, and it helped, but it still wasn't great.  It went from cigarettes to about 30% cigarettes and 70% cleaning spray... oh well.  I also found cigarette burns in the couch.  Disappointing.. . Would I stay here again?  I'm not sure... probably not if I had to pay for it.  They really should have just offered to change rooms for me and I would have been happy with that... instead they took a very half-assed approach to dealing with the problem, and it was never properly dealt with.
Beds here suck! What I really need is a nice comfy bed after those long and wild vegas nights!
May 30th 2012. . . To Whom it may concern;. ATT:. HOTEL MANAGER. . . .  . After staying at the Venetian last March 27th  for my 36th wedding anniversary and having the most pitiful disgraceful room, as well as my wife cutting her foot open on the exposed carpet tacks on the stairs in the room, we moved out of this horrible room and was accommodated beautifully at the ENCORE, for less money in a suite of much higher standard. I was told at the Venetian that there were no suites available. However when I called into the reservation center, there was no shortage of rooms, just the rate was an issue. To say the least when I had to call to the front desk about our room for six hours until finally I gave in around midnight, my wife who wanted to just get out so we could have the few minutes left of our anniversary. Fortunately we were made very comfortable at the Encore, never to return to the Venetian after running my anniversary. . . After a couple of weeks we received a two day complimentary offer from the Palazzo Hotel in lieu of the horrible experience we had at the Venetian. I choose to take a chance and took up the offer from the Palazzo to spend my 60th birthday in May. To say the least the room was great the stay was as nice, until I was accosted from a very poorly trined security guard Mike at the entrance to the self parking garage.  I did not come to a complete stop at the garage entrance and he started raising his voice and being exceptionally rude. When I opened my window he asked me if I was blind and then flashed a high power flashlight in my eyes. I got out of my car and had several harsh words with this unprofessional and dangerous employee. I was refused assistance from the hotel staff at the scene when I called in. Only after I came into the hotel and went to a manager in the floor. He summoned a security manage, who introduced me to a very professional young man by the name of Matt. I filled out a hand written statement, and to date I have not had any apology or response to this assault from your poorly trained guard. A typical rent a cop attitude. . . The one thing that the Venetian and Palazzo has truly done is to make me a 100%  Wynn/Encore client. . . Sincerely
First, the hotel is beautiful! The room was huge, so was the bathroom. If you want a large room this is the place. The shopping area is great and if you choose to go for a gondola  ride ask for Caj.. . The reason for the rating is all the issues we had.  Our reservation was wrong and they made no effort to correct it.  You have an extended walk through the casino from the front desk. We had an infant with us and this was undesirable. The smell of smoke is overwhelming on the first floor and anywhere the first floor opens to the second floor.  (they need better venhilation) thy took our bags, including the diaper bag, and said we'd get them back in 5-10 minutes. 45 minutes and 3phone calls later, the luggage arrived. We had baby furniture delivered by a local company. It took over an hour for that to be delivered to the room. I tried to request it on my way to the room and was told I had to call from my room phone. So I calledfrom the room phone and the furniture was delayed because they wrote the room number down wrong.  The final straw was a hotel staffer delivering a fridge entering our room at 10:40 pm with a slight knock and no delay. He was in the room before I even got out of the bed. The front desk argued with me on each iss so we checked out and went to the Paris.
Get to the Chase:. . Pros:. 1) HUGE. 2) Decent decor and luxuriousambience (fountains, gold, chandeliers, big arse mirrors, masquerades). 3) LOTS of food choices. 4) Casino is downstairs. 5) VERY courteous staff (you can call the concierge to call you pick up and drop off cab service, which was a nightmare had I done it by myself during EDC 2012) They also get you great rates. . Cons:. 1) IMPOSSIBLE to navigate...it's so large you can't find anything until you spend at least 2 days wandering around inside. Neither is the layout of the place intuitive. 2) I expected more...most of the decorations, accommodations and service could be found at any other hotel . 3) Rooms aren't as grand as I had hoped...Seemed like a Hilton. 4) Seemed TACKY overall (Everything bigger, mall-feel, and tons of subpar restaurants)
(I personally tend to ignore Yelp reviews that are excessively swayed by one abnormal instance, but in this case, I'm WARNING potential guests about our experience.). . I've stayed at the Venetian multiple times over the past several years, and generally, it's been a reliable experience. Rooms are spacious, amenities are comfortable, the pool is relaxing, and the casino is exactly what you'd expect from one of the nicer resorts.. . *HOWEVER, during my most recent stay there, a few weeks ago, I was pretty shocked to realize that four iPads among my seven guests were stolen from our room one night.  Someone managed to get into our room during the few hours it was empty, dug through backpacks and luggage to steal four iPads (even leaving the empty iPad sleeves). . . We've met and been in touch with Venetian security, and although we've given them time and patience, they haven't been much help. Maybe they aren't taking us seriously (it is Vegas, after all), or maybe they truly are just that busy to attend to a loyal customer. Even if I give them the benefit of the doubt, I URGE guests to lock up their valuables while staying at the Venetian. . . Or, you could just save yourself the worry, and try some of Vegas' other options.. . . . Feel free to message me if you want more input.
Sigh.. Ive experienced better.. way better.. . Staff that simply don't even know what types rooms they are renting...   and when trying to resolve things, constantly "disconnect" the call.. . Im sorry, but im simply underwhelmed.  seems the only really good reason for staying at the Venetian is this being the closest walking distance to the Sands convention center.. . Nothing here is bad, its just so terrible un-great.
This place was a HUGE disappointment. It is a nice enough building but is showing some age. The problem came with their customer service, or general lack thereof. To be fair this was my first stay in a Las Vegas casino/hotel. What a total disappointment. Thank goodness I was there as a guest and didn't have to pay or I would have probably moved before ever checking in. No need to get into a bunch of whiny crap but I would say I heard very similar complaints from most everyone in our group.(it was a very large group also) The shopping was OK (One of the stores had a Blancpain I have been trying to find in person). That, a nice suite, and the few competent staff is the reason for 2 stars and not 1. I would not recommend anyone stay here.
The hotel is a maze. The service was awful. Seems the employees are just so miserable that work here. Between the room for two nights and the show tickets for BlueMan I spent $1200.00. I would expect a better experience for this amount of money. They also nickel and dime you to DEATH.
Where to start. . . + The Venetian is pretty. Not the most gorgeous/ unique room I've ever been in, but very nice.. . + The Bella suites are large enough to accommodate a number of adults comfortably.. . + Convenient location, Strip-wise. . - Every single person I interacted with, except for the entertainment-type people (gondola people, cabana folks) had a TREMENDOUS attitude. I understand that everyone, even the high rollers, are dime a dozen in Vegas, but we are all still customers and it was shocking how expendable they considered us to be.. . - Not one person has a clue what is going on. Off the top of my head, we were told contradictory things by various staff no less than 5 times, including once where 4 different people told us 4 different things about receiving a package from the mail room.. . - None of us could get wifi to work. . - The safe in our room broke at check out. It took 45 minutes of speaking with people at the front desk for them to recognize this was an issue, yet they still suggested that "in the future, everyone should leave valuables throughout and not just in one safe, so not everyone is 'held up'" - several times. It took over an hour for the safe to be drilled open, and people nearly missed their flights. This too was met with them encouraging that people prepare to leave for the airport earlier (two hours in advance, as opposed to an hour and a half). Here's a suggestion - how about you replace safes that break down all the time, as you said they do, and/or hire more than one repairman to fix them, when you have 7k rooms?. . - Housekeeping never showed, until the date we were checking out, when they knocked at the door at 9 am. On a Sunday.. . - $15 minimum tables. Hard to have a little fun as an amateur gambler.. . +/- There are a number of discounts, especially at the restaurants, that they are not up front about. Be sure to ask.. . Note: The restaurants in the hotel were really good (went to Bouchon twice, and a mexican place in the Canal Shoppes that had a pretty good happy hour), and the cabana was probably the most enjoyable part of our trip. The cabanas at the Venetian pool are directly next to overly-crowded, tiny-pool-ed Tao beach, and are significantly cheaper, yet you can still hear the DJ, and everyone is having a great time. Chase was our host and he was the only person at the Venetian who was fun and acted like he appreciated our business.. . Overall: if/ when I go back to Vegas, I would either stay in a cheaper/ more gimmicky hotel OR stay in one of the other supposedly big boys, but one where I know they will appreciate my business when I bring in 10 people who are all staying, eating, gambling, and clubbing all weekend.
Upper scale casino, expensive, disney-esque setup.. . I was not enjoying the food at the highly acclaimed Bruchon.
Hotel is nice but had a couple problems.  I booked a promotional reservation package back in July which came with specific discounts for me and my guest.  I had to change my reservation dates to the weekend of November 30th because my promotion package would expire at the end of 2012.   I called the hotel the week PRIOR to my November 30th reservation and they confirmed that I would receive specific discounts at check in.  When I checked in I was told the discounts were in the Winter in Venice booklet that the gave me.  Turned out that was not true.  I called reservations and they confirmed that my reservation did include other special discounts and I was to receive both the booklet and the discounts offered at the time I made my reservation but after 25 minutes of trying to figure out how to print the discount vouchers, they told me that the promotion had expired in October.   They offered me the Premier Winter in Venice booklet which I had to go down to the front desk to pick up.  I was told I could go to any desk so I didn't have to wait in line so I went to the VIP check in desk which no one was waiting and the person working the desk was extremely unfriendly and rude.  Also, when I checked in, they didn't tell me they were putting me in a handicap room.  It was very disappointing!!!  I called the hotel today to tell them how inconvenient it was and I was told that if I come back in the future they will make sure that doesn't happen again.. . I think for all the inconveniences, they should have offered more than what they are already paid to do.
Very nice room, great location on the strip, and lots of good dining and shopping options on the property.. . The customer service, however, was awful. They made two mistakes with our reservation, yet give ME attitude when I try to talk with their front desk staff about it. Seriously?! If a customer is trying to bring problems to your attention, having a condescending attitude is the wrong approach. No plans to stay here again.. . UPDATE: Found a band-aid stuck to the wall above some decorative trim today. It's above eye line so I can see housekeeping could miss seeing it, but still nasty.
Debating one or two stars.   Totally screwed up our reservation, plus room was nasty  filthy (read biological stain on the couch) .   They are now so booked now they can't or won't  adequately resolve the issue.  The fact our group gambles heavily and generally is treated better just adds to the annoyance.  Reiterates why I stay at the encore or the four seasons and why I would recommend property loyalty and going with what you know.   Will survive the next week but won't gamble here b/c of the issues.
We'd book our rooms @the palazzo and an hour before check in rooms were still not ready. We then were offers rooms @ the venetians...rooms were gorgeous, but the hotel layout made it very hard to find your room...another negative to the rooms were that there were NO locks are the bathroom doors or the separate toilet room...made it very uncomfortable when sharing room.   At the rate of 239 before tax and resort fees. Late checkout wasn't even available, not even an hour!!!!! Definitely will not be staying there again!!!
The casino itself is nice, but why the need to pump so much scent in, yes it has gotten better (before the change to the new scent I couldn't step foot in the place without getting a migraine ) but now the new one just gives me a screaming headache. So be warned, if you are touchy when it comes to scents skip this place.
The Venetian is like a dirty hippie who doesn't realize that rubbing herself with patchouli is not a reasonable substitute for a shower.. . Rather than invest in decent ventilation or just let the smoke smell linger on it's own, the Venetian pumps cheap perfume throughout the hotel and casino, which is entirely headache-inducing, and does nothing to actually cover the smoke.  In short, it only makes things worse.. . Everyone seemed so pleased to learn that I would be staying here, but it was quite the disappointment. I'll give you the rundown:. . 1. The above-mentioned toxic fumes.. 2. We arrived to visibly broken furniture in our room that we had to call down about.  Housekeeping had been in there, so there was no way it went unnoticed, just unreported or unfixed.. 3.There was a pile of room service dishes sitting in the hallway when we checked in at 1:30 that were still there when I called and begged them to take care of at 4:30 the next day! People had been tripping over them and subsequently spreading them around the hallway.   . 4. The housekeeper left a dirty rubber glove in the middle of our bathroom, long pieces of string in two different parts of the room, and tried to come in and clean our room before 8:30 in the morning.. . The accommodations were otherwise adequate, but for the ratings and cost of this place, I expect a certain level of basic sanitation.  . . Otherwise, the concierge who took good care of us.. . (Note, I wrote this in 2010, and just discovered that it was unpublished, so who knows if it's still true.)
I stayed at the Palazzo but accidentally checked in at the Venetian. The lady that checked me in was very rude and talk down to me. Every question I asked she acted like I was burdening her. She then gave me directions to the Venetian side and we carried our luggage all the way to the 18th floor not realizing we had to go to the 18th floor of the Palazzo. She checked me in, she should have directed metro the palazzo. The Palazzo hotel was great.
Fairly priced, but EVERYTHING is an add-on expense.  We were meeting friends from across the country that we hadn't seen in years and when we booked the rooms we were told that we could get rooms close by.  Turns out, there's a $15 a night fee for that.  Then, we asked that the mini-fridge be emptied of it's contents (it's stuffed full of juice, beer, liquor) so that we could use it for leftovers.  Since everything is based on weight in the fridge, if you lift something up you have to pay for it.  The front desk told us they could not do that but they could give us another mini-fridge for $50 a day!  So don't believe the ad when it says that it comes with a fridge.  They said that they couldn't empty the fridge we had because then they could not sell all that beer, etc.  However, they don't replace it all between guests and nothing in there HAS to be refrigerated so I'm not sure why that would be.  Oh, and don't just login to the internet in your room without thinking, because that's $17 per person who logs in PER DAY!  Seems like a good value for being on the strip and being a nice room...but think again.
Really gorgeous rooms, great bathrooms...even if we did find a (new!) condom hidden under the telephone. I guess some poor guy didn't get as lucky as he hoped. I agree with most of the reviews that the maid service is generally on the piss-poor side--very inconsistent cleaning times, almost never taking away old dishes in the hall, unfriendly attitude, etc.. . The customer service is really the problem here. This place is obviously just too massive for anyone to really give a damn. We had to call downstairs for extra sheets for the sofa, and had to call back twice because it took close to 2 hours. We called to get a fridge (they charge) and that took hours, too.. . Worst of all, like SO MANY reviewers on her, my friend accidentally left her $400 Stuart Weitzman boots in the room...gone, gone, gone. (She had even left a huge tip for the cleaning crew, so oh well.) Based on the other reviews here, I seriously doubt they even HAVE a lost and found. The number of reviews where valuables are **actively stolen while people are simply out of the room**, however, is a huge red flag. I think there is a safe in the closet, but that's hardly comforting.. . The shopping is great here, the faux-Venice canals are fun, the casino is pretty great (I'm not a huge casino person but I thought it was fun)--but yes, the drink service is ABYSMALLY slow in the casino. Sort of pointless really. The pool is also nice, but due to where it is placed, it never received any sun and I honestly don't think it does any time of year. Kind of baffling. The 2 spas are pretty nice, it was just a shame when they were overridden by fratty punks.. . Vegas has a near-daunting amount of choices, why settle for a place that has these kinds of problems when there are so many BETTER places?
Below par for an upper-end hotel. . My wife and I stayed for the long Memorial Day weekend.  Great lobby and nice hotel staff got things off to a fun start.  They have a nice selection of good restaurants, the pool area is not a large pool where people are trying to hook up, and the rooms are grand.. . A few things that really knocked our experience down from where it should have been.  First, when we got to our room, something smelled funny.  I finally tracked it down to some leftovers a previous guest had left in the fridge.  And by leftovers, I mean stink wad of mold-covered something.  I called down, the guest desk apologized meekly, and they sent someone to pick it up from the spot I put it outside our door.  . . Next, we were originally booked at the Palazzo.  They asked if we would move to the Venetian and I said sure to be nice. The room was still fine, but the bellhops had a bad attitude about having to make the trip.  One asked if we'd just pull our car around to the Venetian so he wouldn't have to walk so far.  I told him no thank you and that the hotel asked us to work with them.  He didn't complain any more, but the damage was done.  . . Last, when I checked us out at the desk, there was a bill for dinner at the Grand Lux Cafe and about nine beers on our folio.  Problem was the dinner charges were while were were eating with our families elsewhere in the hotel.  And neither my wife nor I drink.  I told them it could theoretically have been my 5-year old, but she never smelled like beer and it's hard to imagine her picking up a drinking habit so early in life. The charges were reversed.  Still, one doesn't expect those kinds of shocks at a hotel the caliber of The Venetian/The Palazzo.. . Again, it is generally a very nice hotel that just misses on its execution.  Oh, and the pervasive cigarette smoke made us yearn for Denver or San Diego.  Not the hotel's fault on that though, and we ended up making rounds in th Canal Shops and Forum Shops a lot to avoid the smoking.. . My wife and I agreed we would probably try the place again if there were a deal, but will otherwise look at Bellagio, Wynn, or the like, next time we visit Vegas.
too many people. line to register was way too long.. I hate Las Vegas.. I stayed here because I went to Zion National Park.
The evening pool which was very ornate looking, was littered with little kids who had inflatables. Then a mom and her diapered baby. . Talk about deflating your well planned trip, not to mention babies and kids stay free. As a child free person, I was offended. I found no all adult hotels in Vegas . . The Venetian has dumbed down or they offered FAMILY PLANS
This hotel was just OK. I was expecting to be really razzle dazzled. It was over crowed and the price point didn't weed out the riff raff like I was told. When we arrived at 11:00am a valet quickly informed us that there was no way our room would  be ready and he insisted that we leave our luggage with him. When we got the front desk our room was ready (and the upgrade was really pushed on us). We upgraded to a bigger room for an additional cost and went right up. The luggage however took over 3 hours to make it our room. We called for it 3 times. The upgraded suite was no big deal. The breakfast buffet in the lobby cafe was disgusting and over priced. The best thing about staying here was the little coffee bar in the casino.
we go to Vegas at least twice a year and I've stayed at Venetian before this last trip was the worst! BE SURE TO CHECK YOUR BANK ACCOUNT WHEN YOU GET HOME. I made my reservation and paid through bookit.com. no problem booked 2 rooms. Checked in Venetian (super excited to show my out of town guests who have never been to Vegas the Venetian) the front desk girl was super nice! then we got our room. that's where it went all downhill. they put us in room 28-320. (avoid that room) it smells like sewage. my husband checked in our family next to us. he came in and said it smelled and we needed to get out of there right away and not inhale that. IT WAS REALLY BAD. I vomited in the hallway tried to hold it in my mouth to not dirty their carpet. so embarrassing. I go vomit all over me and had to face his family like that. I called the front desk.. no apology. just ok so you want to move your room? yes of course. they tried to send us 5 floors down. we wanted to stay near our family. the front desk manager said they would call us on my cell when the room on the floor was ready. I cleaned up real quick. we went downstairs to stay nearby. after 4 hours of waiting no phone call. we went to front desk we had reservations at 6 so we needed our room. again no apology. we got our room. the next room was clean. . then when we got home.. I noticed not only did I already pay 2 weeks  in advance for the room reservations but they charged my account $ 128 per room and still had $ 284 on hold. I was told they were waiving the resort fee. an extra $ 540.00 I then had to spend time on hold to reach a manager to clear this up the next day. for $ 540 extra plus the $ 457.50 for the 2 rooms that's $ 997 I could have used to stay in Italy. . . I will say though the little Italian Restaurant Trattoria Reggata was great. the food was awesome. the managers however can tone it down a little with yelling at the staff in front of all the dining guests. . . the beds are awesome!!! . ladies poor lighting in bathrooms. prepare early to get ready to use sunlight in the rooms.. . BOTTOM LINE:. AVOID 28-320.. CHECK YOUR BANK ACCOUNT WHEN YOU GET HOME.
The room was very nice, but we arrived very late (early) because of a storm and waited 20 minutes in line to check in. It appeared they had 5 people on the desk at the time (on a Friday night...) then all weekend had to wait no less than 15 minutes for elevators that were almost all packed to capacity. We had a very difficult time getting to and from our room. The people we encountered in every elevator lobby area were extremely frustrated.. . Also, we were approached by a lady (in the mall there) that asked if we would like to register for a free stay another time as some kind of promotion. I did not ask for the particulars. When I explained that we have a very busy travel year and Vegas was not in our plans again this year, she became very rude. Literally gave us a rude look and let us know that we had wasted her time. An interesting response to something we had only stopped for at her request. I want to say her name was Edith?. . Every other employee in the hotel seemed very nice and breakfast in the Cafe was fantastic.
Boy this place has gone down hill since the first time I stayed here. I guess in Vegas you only work on building new hotels and don't bother renovating the existing ones. . - the wifi they charged us for never worked. - no one told us the (resort fee included) daily paper had to be gotten at the news stand above the escalators. - light in the bathroom (now changed to cfl) is too dim for anyone to see. - half of the stations on their hotel TV didn't come in well enough to watch. - Canyon Ranch gym inside the hotel is getting equally as run down. . Moral of the story is to stay at the newest hotel on the strip if the price is at all similar.
I would not choose to stay here again. We have stayed at many hotels over the years and while the Venetian has some nice amenities and restaurants, we were shocked to see that we had been unwittingly charged a $50 a day upgrade fee. When we checked in, this was not approved or discussed, it was simply hidden in the agreement that is not fully presented. When we went to check out, the woman at the desk refused to take care of the charge, disappeared for 15 minutes to talk with a supervisor, then came back and said she could not help as she had a signature on file. I asked to speak with the manager personally which took another ten minutes, and then, he proceeded to lecture me about this. The whole experience felt very shady and as if The Venetian is using this to up charge guests unknowingly. The supposed "luxury suite" we had supposedly also agreed to was little more than their standard suite on the 32nd floor. We have had much nicer views before in other hotels without this shady up charge business. Boo.
Overall, I was a bit disappointed with my stay.  From what everyone said about the place, I was really excited to finally stay at a 5 star resort on the strip.  The room itself was 5 stars--the bathroom had a great shower and a separate room for the toilet.  The bed was probably the comfiest I have ever slept in.  I went to bed early just so I could sleep more in the bed.. . However, that was about where the good stuff ends.  We stayed in the Venezia tower and whoever designed that should no longer be designing hotels.  It was a freaking maze to get to our room!  My mom was with me, and she has pain in her legs, and the walk was way too far to get to the room from the valet.  I would not recommend this hotel to people with ambulatory issues.. . Also, when I went to the Venezia pool there was no one there to serve drinks.  Someone collecting towels by the pool told me to go to Bouchon and walk up to the bar.  I started to, but two separate employees told me that I was not allowed inside because I only had shorts and my bathing suit top on.  I would have gladly not come in your restaurant if I didn't have to!  And then the bartender made the wrong drinks, and very rudely insisted that I did order what he made and reluctantly made me a new drink.  Eventually, a cocktail waitress did show up and we were able to get drinks from her (which she made by hand and were much better than the ones from Bouchon).. . I couldn't believe that room service charged a delivery fee.  This may be standard at hotels and I just don't know, but it seems silly.  It's like a drive thru charging you for using their drive thru lane.. . Lastly, the folks when I checked in were very firm that if we used the mini fridge and even so much as moved stuff around, we would be charged a restocking fee.  First, it is stupid to not allow folks to use the fridge in their room that they're paying for.  Second, there was stuff still leftover in the fridge from a previous guest: half a thing of milk, leftover beer and two open water bottles.  I called the maid service and they said they would be right up to get it.  When I checked out it was still there.  Ridiculous.  I will very closely be watching my credit card statement to make sure I wasn't charged for the maid service's mistake.. . I would never stay here again.  For what they charge, I expected a lot more.
I've stayed at nicer Best Westerns. Room was filthy. Peeling decor, burn marks all over a non smoking room, broken fixtures, and torn sheets. Not to mention the mildew and mold ridden 'thing' they half wrap the exposed pipes under the sink in.  Looked like a wookie had used the bathroom before me, and all room sevice did was fold the TP. Botched my reservation despite making it directly through the front desk. What a joke. I won't be back.
Don't stay here if you want to be helped by customer service. They will charge you for everything. Fridge full of liquor. We wanted food in the fridge and not liquor. They charge you even if you take it out. and want to put your food in. Otherwise a $25 charge for a real refrigerator. Help desk very rude and did not care that this would spoil some of my visit.
