I'm not a Beatles fan but I have heard some of their songs from time to time.  The show was decent, but I thought the other Cirque shows were better.  O was good because of awesome stage and water, similar to Le Reve.  Mystere was good because of the acrobats.  Love didn't have any of that.  At no point during the show was I really wowwed by anything.  I decided to get tickets to this show because of all the raving reviews and I forced myself to go even though I'm not a fan of Beatles songs.  I should've seen Ka instead.
It was beautifully...boring! I am a big fan of the beatles and cirque, but was sorely disappointed by the lack of acrobatics in this one. I can appreciate the high production value and it definitely has artistic merit...but i was really bored throughout and so was my sister. I'd rank my cirque experiences as: 1. mystere 2. Ovo 3. Love 4. O. If you loved O, then you'll probably like Love too.
hm............... . my last trip to vegas was with my dad and sister who was visting me from nyc.. so we decided to watch a show.. but the only shows that were playing sunday night werent that great.. this was the best pick... i dunno if it was us... (being super tired from the short trip stay at vegas) or the show being super..... uhmm... how should i put it nicely... i fell asleep... we all did.. :(. . i thought..... hm... we spent about 130$ for each ticket... and fell asleep..... the last time i was in nyc.... i was really really tired after helping my sister move into her fabulous apt in manhattan.. and unpacking everything.. my sister had already purchased student tickets in the morning for about 26.50$ and i really didnt want to watch jersey boys... i thought what is that about? ew... but we went there super tired... but omgggg the show was soooo amazing that it actually woke me up.. so my point is.. no matter how tired i am... if a show is as good as they say it is... you wont fall asleep! . . i dont reccomend anyone to watch this... super boring.. :) but if your okay with pay over 100 for each ticket and falling asleep... then be my guest!
The entire cast of O was on vacation the week of my vacation so the Cirque Du Jour was LOVE.  Can someone please tell me if I missed some MAJOR metaphor?  I didn't get it.  I enjoyed the music and I don't really like the Beatles but I thought most of the action was lame.  . . The dancing pregnant lady???  I've seen better dancing on early-season shows of Dancing with the Stars.  . . The kids riding on a bed - it reminded me of something of a cross between Pink Floyd's The Wall and Harry Potter.  . . The coolest scene was by far done to Octopus's Garden-I felt like I was in an aquarium with jelly fish floating around.  . . Other than that this show was the longest 90 minutes of my life.
I was so excited to watch this show, not just because I'm a huge fan of the Beatles but every Cirque show I have seen was amazing. This one, not so much. Maybe it was our seating (balcony) but every angle is supposed to be great and has been in my past experience. I think my main problem with this show is that there was so many "interpretive dancing" portions which I felt was blah. And really, what was up with the guy with the flowers? There were some magical moments of the show, don't get me wrong, but if I wanted to watch an interpretive dance music video, I wouldve gotten tickets to the Jabbawockees instead.
I've been waiting to see this show for over a year.  I was very excited to say the least, I suppose my expectations were high.  There were about 3 great song performances of the 20+ songs.  The artists are very talented and some of the acts are impressive. . . We enjoyed the octopus garden, the skaters, the bubbles and the trampolines.. . On the other hand, there were many performances that seemed random and I became bored throughout.  While I realize the artists work very hard and I'm not disrespecting their skills or talents, I think the choreographers should start an advisory council and go back to the creative stage and re-design the choreography.
Well for starters I am not a big fan of the Beatles (Yes we do exist) so I was not really looking forward to this. We had reasonable seats and the venue is quite large and with stage being 360 and they way main stage is set it is possible to miss out somethings. Cirque tried to cover it with something going on each side but I found it to be a sensory overload. The soundtrack is good as it is a take on legendary music here. The acrobats are ok but not amazing like other shows. My friend enjoyed it but I wasn't impressed so my take is if you are a Beatles fan by all means go for it but if you are Cirque fan there are much better options.
I don't know if I could ever recommend this show to anyone but the most hardcore Beatles followers.. . I have seen Ka, O, Ovo, Todem and Kooza. Love is the toned-down version of their usual amazing acrobatic Cirque du Soleil type shows. They have more of a dance-song routine. Half the time I don't know where to look. There is so much going on (someone coming in with a smoky umbrella from the right, while someone is doing some gymnastic move in the air up top, all the while the stage is moving and changing with each song). The whole night, I was expecting more of their spectacular acrobatics but it definitely fell flat for me.
If you're a big Beatles fan, add a star or two.  Otherwise, the Cirque element was nothing I haven't seen at a "mall" circus.
too much dance and note enough "action". I saw the Cirque years ago and Disney and was blown away. I had high hopes for this show but I was disappointed. the beatles music is great and there were some good moments but overall it was very uneven. It was also dark; not sure where the love is in this show except for the end when they sing "all you need is love." it seems like a missed opportunity.
Based on the other reviews, this show certainly has plenty of fans.  I'm guessing most of them didn't know what Cirque du Soleil is famous for, because Cirque du Soleil this show was not.. . Cirque du Soleil is, first and foremost, a unique art form that provides jaw-dropping, unforgettable displays of physical human ability.  It's not just my opinion; their own website proclaims as much.  This incredible experience is what causes people to book pricey shows weeks in advance. . . But there were almost none of the signature Cirque du Soleil acrobatics.  Instead there were lots and lots of interpretive dance moves, running around in elaboratecostumes, nonsensical random artsy monologue and dialogue - and, oddly, grunting.  (At least three of us thought said grunting had an awkward racial tinge.)  As a result, the show felt less like Cirque and more like a live action re-enactment of the multi-media displays of Beatles' memorabilia that I'd seen recently, of all places, interspersed between gameplay in the video game Beatles Rock Band.. . This version of "Cirque du Soleil light" seemed to answer the question I had going in: how does one maintain the Cirque identity without upstaging the legendary Beatles?  Apparently the producers answer was "We won't.". . While costumes, interpretive dance, and general weirdness are indeed part of Cirque du Soleil's identity, I don't think they're the parts that people come to shows for.  And based on the applause I heard, it seemed like I wasn't the only one in the audience that felt this way.  Not once was applause instantaneous, the way it is when a crowd is wowed by a performance.  And, to my own disappointment for the dutiful and energetic performers, not once was the applause prolonged beyond that required by courtesy.  In an earlier life, I spent a lot of time onstage myself, and weak ovations like this are heartbreaking, especially when the disappointment is not the fault of the performer.. . Yet as I left the theater, I overheard at least four patrons (all women) remark on how much they loved the show.  It was unclear to me if this was genuine awe at the overall experience, a rekindled infatuation with the Beatles, denied guilt at having just paid $132 to watch a big music video with some interpretive dancers, or something else.  To some extent, I understood those who enjoyed the show. The Beatles songs I adore most - 'While my Guitar Gently Weeps' and 'Hey Jude' among them - were the ones I remembered most fondly.  It suggested to me that those who thought they loved the show actually just loved the music.  The sound quality was impeccable, delivered through a massive custom audio setup including stereo in-seat speakers that made the Beatles' music come alive in a way even my higher end multi-speaker car stereo cannot.  When combined with the light show and special effects, it was often a better-than-average way to experience Beatles' recordings.. . But the standard should be much higher than beating your car stereo.  To receive 5 stars, this show needs some changes: first, drop the "Cirque du Soleil" branding.  Second, advertise it as an interpretive dance plus Beatles music multimedia show.  Third, lower the price by 3x to be cheaper than the Beatles Rock Band video game.  Finally, have the surviving Beatles make cameos.. . I imagine none of this will happen anytime soon.  In the meantime, Beatles fans, rest assured that Cirque du Soleil did not upstage the Beatles.  And Cirque du Soleil fans, make sure you get tickets to a different Cirque show.
Ok...I was kinda disappointed.  I guess I expected more acrobatics, and more humor, and not sooooo much dancing.  At least now I know, and will be sure to hit up pretty much any OTHER Cirque show, or Le Reve, next time I'm in Vegas.
I would only go to this show if you're a HUGE fan of the Beatles.  The acrobatics of Cirque du Soleil is not the main feature and there are no live vocal performances.  The visuals are stunning but without substance.  The entire thing was like a plotless film set against a Beatles-only soundtrack with people jumping around.  Maybe not unlike that 2007 movie, Across the Universe.
The first word that comes to mind is Random, then "why did we waste our money."  My husband and I are in our early 30's and have seen Mystere (loved), Ka (eh), La Reve (good), and now Beatles (disappointed).  They hardly had any acrobatics or moments where I was like "wow".  Mostly it was poor dancing to the Beatles music with people dressed up in random outfits.  It did get 2 stars because the stage production and set-up including seating is great and they had 2 tricks in there that I liked.  All in all though, we were upset we wasted soo much money on this show.
PROS:. Beatles music. Cirque acrobatics. . CONS:. No real plot to the show. Awful song-selection. Poor use of the circular stage. Storytelling was a jumbled mess (similar to 2012 Summer Olympic opening ceremony). . If they produced a Beatles-themed Cirque du Soleil show that was ANY good, it would be the biggest show in Vegas history.    The fact that you can usually buy heavily discounted tickets on the day-of should tell you everything you need to know.. . Do yourself a favor and go see Ka instead.
After numerous suggestions to attend this show I must say my expectations must have built up to something the show itself couldn't deliver.  All three of us love the early Beatles and less prone to follow their later work, but still that music was beyond anything in its day (or even now).  Yet we all left shaking our heads and after this being our second Cirque show are questioning any attendance at others.  I will say we are not the "artsy-fartsy" type, so it's likely the performance aspect was just over our heads.  Nonetheless I was lucky to pick up advance ticket purchase pricing so that I don't feel I overspent on this show.. . It could also be that we had the opportunity to check one of the final presentations of "Phantom of the Opera" prior to this show and that performance simply blew us away!  Sorry to see it end.
This was my first Cirque de Soleil experiences so I wasn't sure what to expect. . . Pros: . You couldn't pick better music. Some of the acrobatic routines were amazing . . Cons: . I couldn't figure out the story (if there was one, if not it needed one). It was all eye candy and had no meat; I needed some beef . . Conclusion.  You don't need anything to make the Beatles music better (including amazing artist and acrobats); just sit back pop in a cd and enjoy the music
I would describe this as underwhelming.  Considering the absurd price point, I expected a mind blowing experience, but this was not that.  Someone was given a task to create a cirque experience with beatles music, but their heart was not in it.  At best, this was a litelarist interpretation.  Lady madonna mentions "boots", so everyone dances with rubber boots.  Lucy in the sky has a spakly woman on a rope.  When a literalist interpretation was impossible (hey jude, etc), they just had random dancing.  The best word here is uninspired.  Go see something less hyped.
First things first, had I not seen Absinthe the night before, I may have been more impressed with Love.  I am a huge fan of the Beatles and was slightly disappointed in this production.  My biggest complaint would be that at times there was just entirely too much going on at the same time.  If that is part of the Cirque formula, it didn't work for me.  It is however quite an extravagant show.  The choreography and acrobatics are excellent, but at times it just didn't go with the music..  . I can see the allure to this show, and it is definitely family friendly if you need an age appropriate show.  I guess having seen the Fab Faux several times has jaded me when it comes to Beatles shows.
I have seen numerous Cirque shows and after awhile you feel like if you've seen one you've seen them all.  The acts were the same basic Cirque acts but the show itself was drastically different.  I felt like the who show was produced by someone on acid who followed the lyrics of the songs a little too literally.  My aunt loved it and wondered if I couldn't appreciate it as much because I'm "too young".
I am sure I am in the minority on this, but I just didn't really enjoy LOVE at all. I have seen all of the other Cirque shows in town and this is hands down my least favorite of them all.  . . First off, I am not a die hard Beatles fan.  I like their music, and listen to it on the radio when it comes on, but by no means a fan.  I know some diehards and we almost had to break off our friendship when I told them I didn't like this show.. . Secondly, I think you were supposed to take LSD or acid or something loopy to know what is going on.  Now all Cirque shows or at least the 5 I have seen are a little out there and require you to go on a crazy journey with them, but this was just too weird for me.  With LOVE though, I just felt I had missed a memo or something the entire show.  And the little shoes that walk out by themselves totally freaked me out and gave me a nightmare after seeing the show.. . Thirdly, it was just way too much Beatles stuff.  Many of the things referenced parts of the Beatles history that a layperson probably wouldn't know or care about.  My diehard friends had to explain some of the things to me and it made a little more sense afterward I got the run down from them, but during the show I was just confused.. . So please don't hate me, but I don't like this show.  There are a ton of Vegas shows I would recommend to my friends before this one.  So take it or leave it, but now you know my opinion.
I think you would have to be a huge Beatles fan to enjoy this Cirque show. I've been to a few Cirque shows (Ka, O, Iris, Zumanity, Elvis) and The Beatles LOVE left a lot to be desired. I was hoping it would be similar to the Elvis show where the audience would learn about the life of the artists and take something away after the show. LOVE was basically the Beatles' music playing over the sound system while people in decade costumes danced around. This show lacked the usual breath taking acrobatics and did not have a WOW factor. I saw a lot of eyelids in the audience as they were dreaming of a better place to be.
We've seen a lot of Cirque shows and this was the worst yet.  There's mostly actors and dancers but few stunt people.  Too much time is spent with the actors and not enough time with performance art.  I guess it's all about the music...and that's a good thing.  The show is very dark and spends way too much time in dark, dingy England with hippies.  I would have loved to see more bright beautiful scenes with lots of lighting.  If you love the music, buy the CD...it's amazing!!  Wonderfully remixed for the show.  What's the deal with the rain boots and tricycles?
I have seen several other Cirque shows which I absolutely loved and raved about.  This one is not anywhere close to what the others offer.  Not many acrobats either.  It was a decent show, just not worthy of having the "Cirque" name attached to it.  . . Our show was only an hour and a half long.... I want to say that other shows are a little longer.... but I didn't care because I found myself getting a little bored here and there whereas, with the other shows, I was completely mesmerized from beginning to end.  This one just wasn't very impressive.  Perhaps its because I love the music Cirque used in the other shows that I have seen (2 were local, traveling ones-- I think one was named Drallion and the other was Mystere in Vegas)...... Those definately deserved 5 stars!
I give these guys lots of credit obviously with their amazing talent, but this was nothing more than a bunch of random circus acts, colorfully dressed, and performing to the sounds of the Beatles. Besides that, this is just a variety show.. . I guess I'm more of a theater person and would have enjoyed this show a lot more if it mixed in a great story line, along with acrobatics.. . I probably was not alone on this because there was a person sitting in the front row that couldn't keep his eyes open. He was nodding in and out of consciousness.... although that could of been because of a handful of things in LV.
