What a huge disappointment - from the bland, expensive burger to the un-pickle that accompanied it.. . For $12 (base burger price) plus $1 (cheese) plus $1.50 (bbq onions), I got a $14.50 letdown.  . . Save your dollars and go to Margaritaville for a wonderful cheeseburger in paradise (with a delicious pickle to boot) for a much better price.  It's right across the street.  Plus, you don't have to deal with the pretension.  Bonus.
BLT is a fancy diner with fancy prices, unfortunately the food didn't meet my expectations given the pricing. I had the Lamb Tandoori burger which, by the description sounded delicious. It was nice without being outstanding. And for  $12 burger you would think that fries would included....try an extra $6 for sweet potato fries. It was even an extra $1 to add cheese to your burger. There are better places out there.
Spent 5 days in Vegas and this was the highest priced meal bill that I had.  That includes buffets at the Wynn and Studio B at the M Resort. . We were looking for something without a long wait.  Seated quickly, nice service, . But my goodness!  Way too expensive for a burger and fries!. Food is all "a la carte".. No, there are better choices out there.
i almost always love me some burger. but i do not love me some blt burger.. . came here on saturday to catch the end of the uconn/butler game. since the place is called blt burger, i decided to get their blt burger with swiss & a side of sweet potato fries--legit classic riight? the burger was so dry and over done for medium; there was only a small spackle of shredded lettuce and enough tomato for a few bites. the sweet potato fries were good, but i wish i got the fat fries (i usually hate fat fries, but these were seasoned up something delish). . . service was OK at best. not exactly friendly or attentive--i had to ask for water several times. and although the waiter's shirt was cleverly adorned with, "tip waiters, not cows," he merited nothing beyond the 20%. . . after reading everyone's reviews, i wish i had just gone with the fries and a milkshake. next time, blt burger, next time.
$30 for a burger and milkshake (tax and tip included). My burger came out cooked incorrectly, which is sucks considering how much my burger cost, but mistakes happen and I'm not holding that against them. The food was just bland even with an egg and bacon.
Oh BLT Burger, I was SO excited for you. Too bad you broke my beef-loving heart. . . My girls and I stopped in here for dinner before a long night of Vegas partying. We needed a good meal to prep our tummies for the massive amounts of alcohol that were sure to follow. . . I ordered the trio of sliders, and asked for them to be cooked medium. The sliders included a bleu cheese burger, a bbq onion burger and a BLT burger. They all sounded AMAZING. I was starving and looking SO forward to them. My other friends also ordered burgers. . . The meal came and they looked phenomenal, but I quickly realized that my burgers were beyond well done - NOT medium like I asked for. If all you cook is burgers, you'd think you'd get the difference between juicy and pink in the middle and completely charred beyond taste. What a disappointment! I think they would have been delicious if they had not been so well done. The extra ingredients on each and the buns were super delicious, as were the sweet potato fries and skinny fries we ordered, but I wanted yummy beef!. . My friends loved their burgers, and like I said - the sides were amazing... so I'm not going to completely write off this place. Just wasn't my night at BLT Burger I guess!
This place was cool, but I would like to give them another try.  I had the salmon burger which was good, but I think they get more credit for their beef burgers.  My daughter had the Kobe Slider Trio which she said was delicious.  You get three sliders:  BLT, BBQ Onion and Blue Cheese.  They looked great... but sadly I didn't try them.  Environment was nice, but our waitress could use more training.  You don't start taking an order and suddenly excuse yourself because your other customers are ready to pay their tab.  You ask them to wait until you are done taking our order! So they get two stars from me for their service.
We meet some out of town friends at BLT Burger today for lunch, and to fix some of their hangovers.  We were sat quickly, even with a party of 7.  Then..... we sat, and waited for our server for at least 10 minutes; (and not a I'm impatient 10 min, a real 10 min)  Finally, a very impersonal  serer came over to pour us some water.  No hello, no name, no welcome.  As someone who manages restaurants and trains servers and has been one, our server was super disappointing.  The entire meal she could have cared less about us.  Most of the order was right when it came, just a few fry miss orders, which the food runner fixed immediately.  . . On to the food.  My "classic" burger was cooked MW as I ordered.  The bun was soft and the produce fresh.  I added Oregon Cheddar and CRISPY bacon which I got (yeah, I hate soggy bacon)  They defiantly skimped on the cheese though.  The patty its self had no flavor or seasoning, at least it wasn't over cooked.  I ordered the waffle fries (which I had to ask for when my burger came).  The fries were good, not super hot but seasoned well  Everyone at the table ate all their food but had no RAVE reviews.  My BF got a black and white shake, which is a mix of vanilla and chocolate, it was good, a little too chocolate but the whipped cream on to was amazing!!  All of our sodas were flat when they came to the table, so we informed our server.  She brought more flat soda, so we stuck with water.  She still charged us for the sodas even though we informed her twice and no one drank them.. . Over all I wouldn't bring others there with so many other great burger places in town.  Mostly because of service, by the look of it non of the servers had that "VEGAS" needed customer service.
This meal was so bad I was actually angry during it, and it makes me even madder that I have to give it a proper review and waste space on my website. I didn't get a decent picture of the burger, but it doesn't matter. The feature burger restaurant for the MGM Mirage has only a couple pre-designed burgers on their menu, otherwise they leave it to the diner to create their own, which is a bit uninspired. This is a gripe you will start seeing more and more from me. If you are some famous chef and you're tying your name to the feature burger joint of the 'INSERT CASINO NAME' you should take the time to design a few creative burgers. This is what you do.. . The meat was completely lacking flavor, not cooked to order, and just not what it should be.  The first thing that pisses me off about a burger is if you can't serve it medium-rare when I order it that way. You're a burger joint, if you can't handle that then you might as well give up now. The bun wasn't great, very dry and typical. The toppings weren't good either, 3 for 3 so far! The fries had a foul taste to them, like the oil they were cooked in was a few days too old. $50 for two people at this low of a quality led this to be one of the worst I've had yet.
I've been twice now and have been let down both times. The burgers are not juicy (you can watch the cooks press down the burgers on the grill) and I don't think they could pull off medium rare to save their lives, both times ended up with medium well. Will NOT give a 3rd chance
It looks like an overpriced burger joint is de rigeur for every casino in town now.  Blt is an attractive restaurant, but in the end it's just another formulaic place with decent food, created by an out-of-town, absentee, big-name New York chef in order to seperate tourists from their money.. . A few notes:  The skinny fries are not skinny.  The beer list is lame.  Bbq nachos awful and unnecessary.  One of their appetizers is a waffle fry topped with cheese and runny, canned-tasting chili and a jarred jalepeno.  The pickle that accompanies the burgers has no flavor whatsoever.  It was apparently house-made, but had no snap and no flavor and was a flaccid, sad, bruised little afterthought of an attempt.. . I love when you order a 15 dollar burger and the server asks if you "want cheese" on that.  Really?  Cheese is an upcharge?  Wow.. . Wings were good.  Burger decent.  Service was okay.  I just felt duped and unsatisfied when I finished my meal.. . 2.5 stars I'll round down due to lack of imagination and inconsistent execution and insane prices.. . Blt burger plus split order of fries plus 2 beers came to over 40 bucks.  Fail.. . Plus, enough with the "chef's ipod" playing classic rock greatest hits.
50 bucks for two burgers, 2 orders of fries and a milkshake. In Vegas, if the food is decent, I actually don't mind dropping this kind of money, especially after i cleared 6/6 on my sports betting!. However, at 2 in the morning and a little tipsy I can still tell this place is not very good. The skinny fries are worse than Mcdonalds but twice as expensive. Their waffle fries are worse than Carl's Jr's criss cut fries by a large margin. They were so stale. The waiter insisted we get dipping sauce... I think he knew it would help with downing the disgusting french fries. . The burgers aesthetically looked pretty awesome. Too bad thats the only plus. For the price of a cheeseburger at BLT you can get 5 In n Out burgers and it doesn't taste as good. The thing with burgers is that they are everywhere. So you have more reference points. I cook burgers at home and BLT looked like they forgot to add salt and pepper when they were mixing the meat to make the patties. Totally bland, a huge disappointment. If I had to compare the taste of this to a burger you all know, I would say its better than the Mc Donald's double cheeseburger, but worse than a whopper from Burger King. . The milkshake 'Berry Me' was pretty yummy. big serving with fresh fruit was the only highlight of this sad sad meal. . . Next time you are in Vegas, do not gamble on this restaurant, take your chances elsewhere!
Overpriced and not very good. . . Worst $15 burger I have ever had AND it doesn't come with fries! Fries are $5 and pretty small portion (though the waffle fries were tasty).  Oh, and one of the girls I was with ordered white wine - it was $12 and in a small water glass. . . Overall everyone was disappointed - with the food and the price. I would recommend going somewhere else in Vegas if you are looking for a casual lunch or dinner.
Pretty meh.  We got a selection of burgers, wagyu burgers and sliders and none of them were anything to write home about.  All of them were overcooked and just plain ok.  I would only return if I needed to get something quick and it was in front of me and one of the only options.  Was not impressed.  We also got wings and no one touched them-- they looked gross and tasted even grosser.
Visited this place twice: Once for burgers and the other for a carry out shake.. . While the waiters walk around with t-shirts proclaiming their "greatness", the service here is poor, at best.. On the dine in visit, he never checked back on us to see how the meal was and we had to flag him down to get a refill and then again for a check.. . Food:. Burgers are decent, nothing out of this world, but better than your typical chain restaurant.  You get a choice of fries and we had 2 different kinds, both came out a bit undercooked and lacked a nice crisp/crunch that should be automatic in these "high end" burger joints.. Shakes are ok and the one we had was ~$9, which is highway robbery.  There was also about 1/2 a portion left in the mixer after she poured it into our to-go cup.  I asked her what she would do with that and she replied "We spill it out". I said that most would throw it in as a side car.  She gave me a blank look and poured it in the sink.. So ~$9 for about a 12oz shake.. Customer service=ZERO.. . Plenty of TVs all around to catch a game and grab a burger if you are in the mood and walking by, but definitely not a destination place.
Ok, but pricey for what you get .  Service marginal - our food was almost cold and waitress not overly friendly.
I had the lamb burger with sweet potato fries and the nutella milkshake a couple of weeks ago.. . The lamb burger was OK, nothing special. The bun was not toasted, but the Patty was favorful. On par with Lamb burgers I had elsewhere.. . I always order Sweet potato fries when available and the ones here were probably the worst I ever had. They were soggy, lukewarm with little of the expected sweetness.. . The Nutella milkshake tasted just like Nutella & Vanilla ice cream spun together, nothing special, something you can make at home in 5 minutes. When I pay 6 bucks for a milk shake I expect it to be special.. . The service was prompt, but when I complained about the fries & they offered to bring more of the same - no thanks.. . This would be 3 star review, but I have to take off a star for the final check $31 with tip.
Sweet potato fries, not as good as I expected after reading the reviews. They just tasted like regular potato fries. Actually, I think their regular fries were better. The milkshake was lame too. Pretty expensive, which I expected, but not pretty good. Not to mention it was tiny, and halfway filled with whipped cream. The only reason I went for 2 stars instead of 1 was our waiter. He was amazing, attentive, and oh so wonderful! However, as good as he was, I wouldn't come back. The food was not good enough to be that expensive.
Overpriced burgers and crappy fries.  In and Out is better
BLT burger is toward the bottom of the hierarchy of 'gourmet' burger joints on the Vegas strip.  The wait is always long, the service is mediocre at best, and the food is disappointing for the price.  The kobe burger was bland and not worth the money.  If you're content with spending $20 or more on a burger, head to Holstein's at the Cosmo, or if you want an even better burger for cheap, check out Stripburger at the north end of the Fashion Show Mall...don't waste you're money here.
I totally had no plans on having anything negative to say about a late night burger joint that has a full bar available until around 2 am on a weeknight. Based on my first experience, it would appear that I was wrong in my thinking. . . I decided to go in around 11pm one night with a friend on the recommendation of a buddy that had tried out BLT recently for the first time as well. . . I am a sucker for a good martini and a great burger, (or steak but in this case a burger.) I ordered a Vodka martini and some chicken wings for my friend and I. They had 3 sauces available and I asked the server to mix it up with a few of each kind. He said "No we can't do that". He said.. NO WE CANT DO THAT. Lol... I know that being a Vegas local, I am used to most restaurant's giving you want you want to an extent. It's not like I was changing a recipe.. I wanted a bit of three different styles of wings, all the same price, no change in the portion size. At that, he didn't offer an explanation... just NO. So i'm like, cool.. We will just take them Spicy. No big deal.. . The martini arrives. The server literally kicked a few pieces of trash on the way to the table when delivering the drink. Looking around, there was trash everywhere. I  mean alot of trash, not like a little bit. Many dirty tables and the floor was ridiculous. I'm guessing it was due to being understaffed, because the server took off after delivering my drink before I could order. . . Long story short, the second martini was a different size (less), I mentioned it and the server said they were trying to close up the bar. The wings didn't taste right, and when I asked the waiter why they tasted burnt.. he said they are "double cooked".. when I mentioned that I think the oil  they were frying them in was old, he said "oh really". . . Haha.. listen guys, I'm not that bad of a food snob, this is wings, burgers and martinis.. if it doesn't taste right I'm not going to just eat it. . . Burgers show up, over cooked but still tasty.. onion rings... burnt tasting and apparently fried in the same oil as the wings as they did not taste right.. like rancid oil was the flavor. The server dissapeared, most likely afraid of me asking him more questions. . . Finally he came back with the bill, and even as it was just after midnight he seemed to be rushing us. I asked about the 'deep fried oreos' as I had not had them before and he ordered them for us. Listed on the menu they were to be served with a berry sauce. They showed up with a ramekin of melted vanilla ice cream. When I asked about the berry sauce, he said "it's not served with that'. I showed him the menu, and he said the menu was wrong. LMAO. This guy is a piece of work, and I actually had to laugh out loud. I just let it go and ate the Oreo's, paid the bill and left. . . I'll go back for one of these shakes someday.. the spiked ones every one talks about. It will be earlier in the evening when there is a full staff, a manager and when they aren't trying to close down the place for the night.. . Happy Eating!
Disappointed with the sweet potato fries. That's the only reason we went here. The were limp, not crispy. Lots of overcooked fries. We asked for the special dipping sauce and the gave us Ranch. The ranch was good, but being form the mid-west where we put ranch on everything this wasn't anything special. . . For the price vs quality I would say skip this. There are much better choices on the strip!
Came here around four o clock in the afternoon on a saturday. After we waited for the hostess to show up for five minutes, then waited another fifteen for the server to take our drink orders after we were seated. Which he forgot to bring my beer. The food was no better than eating a burger at Chili's or any other restaraunt chain. Glad the prices were decent. Will not go back and is nowhere near the best burger joint in LV or anywhere else for that matter.
I really wanted to like BLT Burger as I love gourmet hamburgers, but I was really let down by this place.  The service was great and we received our drinks and food rather quickly.  They have many varieties of burgers to choose from.  It's $13 for a plain cheeseburger and when I say plain, that is what it is.  No special sauce, no mayo, just a bun, burger, lettuce, cheese, tomato, onion and pickle.  It wasn't horrible, but I guess I was expecting a little more flavor for $13.  You get a half of a pickle with your burger and if you want fries, it's an additional $5.  My daughter ordered the corndog and it seemed a bit smaller than your average sized dog.  They did provide her with more than enough fries that she was able to share with me.  I found their skinny fries to be rather good and not too crispy or burnt.  . . Our bill was $84 including tip for 3 burgers, 1 fry, 1 corndog and drinks.  A bit steep for a mediocre lunch.
We had a group of 5. We each got a different burger, a little pricey for a burger and it was fair. My brother got the 'american kobe beef' and his patty was way over-seasoned. My burger was cooked to order. We each got a side order: thin fries, onion rings, sweet potato fries, and waffle fries. The waffle fries were okay... chic-fil-a is still better (lol), my sweet potato fries were over-seasoned, by the end I was scraping off the seasoning before eating them. I dohave to say that they were cooked correctly, I've had them over-cooked and dry and under-cooked and floury/chalky tasting. The onion rings were salty. It was a good amount of onion rings, but they were salted on the outside, which I thought was weird... never had salty onion rings.. We did enjoy the chocolate milk shake, tasted like chocolate ice cream with chocolate whipped cream (yum!).. . Service: We waited for 5-10 mins before our waitress acknowledged us, then after ordering, our food came out 30 mins if not more later, the waitress never came back to ask if we needed anything else until she wanted us to cash out... and the restaurant wasn't really full or anything.. . I probably wouldn't go back to eat at this place, pricey burgers... i've definitely had better.
Had dinner at BLT last night before the LOVE show. The food was just ok. Not somewhere I would go out of my way to eat at again.
Overrated, boring and overpriced.  Other than all that, it's awesome!. . The burgers are just ok.  Here is a little tip to the cook: try salting the meat.  It works wonders.  Special tip:  feel free to use the shaker with the word "salt" on it.  I know burgers are not your specialty here so you get a free pass on this one.  Oh wait, the joint is called "BLT Burger?"  Good grief.  . . The "adult" milkshakes were also boring.  If I cannot tell if there is any booze in the drink, then really, I have seriously paid way too much for a nice milkshake that costs at least twice what I should have paid.. . I am also not impressed with the location.  Maybe it is just me, but I like my restaurant to feel just a little bit independent and closed-off from the hotel it is located in.  This place just opens up right into the hotel and does not make you (or at least me) feel like I am part of a unique dining experience, especially when I can see the dorks toting their yard beers walking by.  . . Tried it once, shame on them.  I won't be burned again.
Hostesses were busy talking and giggling with one another when we arrived.  Took a couple of minutes before they acknowledged us.  We were the only ones in line at the time, so it isn't like they didn't see us due to a crowd in front in of them.. . Service was really slow.  Took a good 10 minutes before we even saw our waiter. Waiter was competent and pleasant. Others seemed more trying to impressing the other for a hookup later on.. . We ordered the fried pickles $9.00, and each had the #1 burger combo $16.50 with cheese for an additional $1.00.  Combo basket consists of 7oz burger, fries and soda.. . The fried pickles were okay. Nothing to write home about. About 9 pieces, so a buck a chip.  They're fried chips with a batter coating in case your wondering. . . Burgers were good. I'll admit it.  However, I've had just as good for a hell of a lot cheaper. Fries were nothing special.. . The kicker, and two star rating, was when we got the check.  We were charged $3.50 apiece for 8oz refills of flat diet coke. The wife did not even ask for a refill.  It just showed up. Really? Seriously? In fact the price for sodas didn't even appear to be listed on the menu.  I was willing to pay extra for 'Black Angus' special ground burgers, but the slow service and $3.50 for a refill of flat diet code ruined everything. . . We will not be back.
Had the American Kobe burger.  Not impressed. Unevenly cooked, pretty dry. Lots of lettuce, tomato, onion, but 1 pickle.    Not worth $17.
Milkshakes were very good.. I had the all-nighter, and my girlfriend had the mocha mudslide . Both were expensive, but a good size.. A little bigger would have been nice for the price. . . The burgers were not good. We had a party of three and all three burgers were just not good. I had the special brisket burger, it was super dry and had no taste. I had to ask for cup of BBQ sauce because it was bone dry (asked for medium). Others in my party had the Mexican burger and just a plain hamburger and both claimed that they were nothing special. Burgers don't come with fries, you have to pay extra which is unheard of these days. Combo options are not a good idea as you are limited to three very boring burgers.. . Our waitress was attentive and checked on us multiple times during the meal. Overall this place wasn't cooked up to be the great burger place it makes itself out to be. I wouldn't return, and advise if you are specifically looking for a good burger to go elsewhere.
After waiting for 20 minutes for our server to come wait on us, we asked the hostess for the manager....who did not show up. Another 10 minutes later our waitress shows up to take our order. It then takes another 20 minutes just to get our beverages....this went on the entire time. The Turkey burger was delicious, I will give it that. However, my friends "medium well" burger was practically moo-ing at her. We flagged the manager down who then proceeded to argue with her over whether her burger was cooked the way she ordered it. After arguing with her, he rudely stated he would have another one cooked for her....long story short, this was the utmost worst dining experience in regards to customer service I have ever encountered. The only reason they are receiving two stars from me is because my burger was delicious.
had their mozzarella sticks and their bbq brisket burger and several drinks I could not remember at this point if I wanted to.  . . mozz sticks were good, not spectacular but above average.. . bbq brisket burger was good  but WAS NOT a burger, it had NO HAMBURGER on it whatsoever.  They need to take this off the burger menu and call it a sandwich but as a sandwich was not bad at all, no where near the best ever but I was definitely let down by there being no hamburger.
This place sits literally in the doorway of the side entrance of the Mirage casino and is really just your average mediocre burger joint. Ordered some food here when I was drinking across the way at the Rhumbar which allows you to bring food in while you are drinking. The menu is a collection of forgetful selections and drinks and shakes etc. Typical greasy bar food and average burgers. The appetizers include baja tacos and fried dill pickles. Opted to order some of those and it was just okay. Nothing to write home about with steep prices and a place to skip to go 200 feet to the Carnegie Deli down the hall.
My son who does not live in Las Vegas told me about BLT Burger and their milkshakes. He said they were some of the best milkshakes he had ever had. So I just had to hunt this place down and give it a try.. . When you get seated, which only took about ten minutes, you see there is not much to call decor. The restaurant is fairly plain but comfortable. It took quite some time before we were acknowledged or asked if we wanted some water. But they were very busy, so maybe that is a good excuse.. . When our order was taken I was a bit bothered by the burger combo. It was on the menu as a burger, fries and a shake. Well, you could only order one of the burgers to be in the combo because of the cost. You also had to select from the less expensive shakes for the combo. The other shakes were a dollar more, so the combo was a dollar more as well. You could get onion rings though. They were the same cost as the fries so no problem there. Plus the discount for getting a combo was only 50 cents. I get more of a combo discount at fast food burger joints.. . When the food arrived I do have to say that the shakes were very good. The size was nice and it was very creamy and flavorful. The cost was six for some and seven for others. Well worth the price. The burger was OK. But that is all I can say about that. I would rather go to other places and get a better burger at half the cost. The fries were served nice and hot, but they lacked flavor. You are not going to miss anything by skipping the fries. Overall the price was too high, the service very lackluster and the food only OK. Don't bother with this place unless you just want a really good shake.
Meh... nothing amazing to be honest.  It's a very busy place... to be expected being in a casino.  The atmosphere is sports bar/restaurant. . . VERY loud would be a one negative.  Another negative would be the seating.  Imagine a 4 top but where 2 strangers sit elbow to elbow with another 2 strangers.  It was odd for this type of setting.  I have no problem with places like the Hofbrau House where you sit with a large group of strangers, drink beers and sing songs.  It was just an odd experience in a setting like the BLT has.... it doesn't work IMO. . . Food....  my wife ordered a burger medium... it came out medium rare to almost rare.  This is a burger joint... serving thousands of burgers a week... they should know how to cook a burger to medium or however the guest requests it. . . I would say the burgers are on par with Red Robin or Johnny Rockets... again... nothing amazing. . . Your best bet is to seek out other places in Las Vegas who specialize in burgers before going to the BLT. . . Overall experience /food.... Meh.
We had tickets to the Beatles LOVE and stopped in as it appeared to be a laid back, kid-friendly place in the Mirage.  That being said, I don't think I'd return to this place, even with a great coupon!!  Service absolutely sucked -- the wait person arrives after waiting 10 minutes and says, "do you want to order?" Ummm . . . . well, I wasn't just sitting here for fun, what the heck?!?!  She really never grew a personality from there on, every interaction was more annoying than the one before.  I don't remember ever tipping as bad and I did this person.  I like to believe I am a generous tipper, especially for good service, but this was not one of those experiences.  . . I asked about the lamb burger and she replied, "I'm not the one to ask, I hate lamb".  Oh great.  I'll take the turkey burger then.  And it was average, a little hard, but average.  Hubby had the bacon burger and said the same - average, very average.   The kids ordered the chicken strips and lo and behold, LOVED them!  Their milkshakes were good too, devoured in a minute, but I wouldn't go back just for a milkshake and chicken strips.  Afterall, they are a burger place, right? . . For what you get (and I'm not referring to the service), the place is expensive.  Burgers are $12-17 and that does not include fries.  For a good burger, maybe, but that's a lot for an average burger.  Even by Vegas prices!
In one word: overpriced!. . I know restaurants on The Strip are expensive, but this goes overboard. Expect to pay $13-$16 for a burger the size of a Double Whopper, and fries are not included. Yes, you read correctly, no fries! Our bill for two people came out to more than $40, and we were still hungry afterwards. . . I would give it one star, but it is aesthetically pleasing, which (I assume) is how they get you. Do yourself a favor and go to any other burger place.
Not really that good. The meat didn't have any flavor and where I do love a juicy burger, when the bun is already so wet that is dissolves in your hands, there is a major problem with quality control. . . If your coming from a small town with only one restaurant in a 30 mile radius this might be the best burger you've ever had. If you live in a town with a population of 3,000 or more this will be a serious disappointment. For the level of service and quality of food this is seriously over priced. There is a 0.7% chance I will ever return.
Well a quick casual meal after a long day at the pool. I didn't have a burger but a bowl of chili and 8 hot wings instead. The food is a ok the beer is at room temperature and the server is kinda puzzled. I gave her a two for the efforts but other than that will definitely will not dine here again.
Marginal at best. Slow service, very small menu I had the BBQ nachos they were super greasy and gross. The fried pickels were OK but nothing special. The burgers (we ordered 4) were marginal quality and just a rung above snack bar food. Much better options close by like Carnegie Deli. For the high prices and limited menu it should be much better.
I give it 2 stars because the food was good. We had the fried pickles and the BBQ nachos. They were both appetizers. . That being said, those appetizers took 25 minutes to get to us. We sat at the bar for a couple beers and a quick bite and were greeted by a bartender who seemed less than pleased that we were there in the first place, and also didn't seem to care at all that we were waiting so long for food.. There were people around us who ordered entrees that came out before our appetizers so I'm not sure if our ticket was lost or if the bartender forgot to ring it in, but he didn't even acknowledge the long wait time until we brought it up. . Nothing was done to rectify the situation, no manager spoke to us, and the bartender just sort of walked away when we were telling him how long it was taking. Very rude. He could have at least humored us or showed some sympathy. . . Needless to say, there are plenty of good restaurants in Vegas with the same quality of food, so definitely skip this place when you're in town.
Eek! I originally ordered the tandoori lamb burger but they said they were out. :sad face: so I got the Tex-mex. I ordered it medium but when I got my hamburger my patty was super dry and tasteless. The chili was bland and I only got 2 pieces of small avocado. I wouldn't recommend it at all! . . On the other hand, the fried pickles were really good and our server was friendly and out going. . . Wish I could say more about the joint but that was my experience. I'll prob go again to try the lamb burger because my server said it was delicious and to get that next time.
It was a fair "regular" burger for $12, ordered it medium-rare, came out rare.  Value just not there, $50 for 2 burgers, 1 salad, and 1 pint of beer... you're playing for location in a somewhat loud, minor-league hip, over-hyped sportsbar.  I should have just gone to the buffet... I miss the old school Vegas coffee shop.
Being the Yelp addicts my girlfriend and I are, we had been picking most the restaurants the whole trip. I decided to change things up and let my parents pick a place. We were at the Mirage, and it was beginning to pour outside so with limited options to eat we found ourselves at BLT Burger.. . Service was just OK, and I mostly remember the place being pretty loud. . . I went with the classic burger, but added avocado, cheese, bacon, and an egg. The burger ended up being really good with all my additions, even though it was medium-rare when I asked for medium. Without these additions the burger didn't seem like anything special, but I honestly didn't see anything else I wanted to eat their. . . An OK experience, but had it not started raining we probably would have headed elsewhere.. . p.s. My girlfriend was pretty unhappy with the veggie options, usually even burger places have at least one good option for vegetarians
Came to this place with high expectations, and boy did they let me down. The waiter got a little too comfortable.  I order a B.L.T. Burger and when I got the burger, I had already taken a few bites and realized that they forgot to add BACON DUH!!  So I got his attention and told him what had happened and his response was "I'll go get you some." I then looked at my wife and asked her if he said what I thought he said?  So he co mm es back with 2 slices of bacon. By then I was almost done with my burger. I then asked him "Are you serious?"  And then he tells me if I wanted him to put the bacon inside my burger. I then told him to get the hell out of my sight. He treated me more as a friend than as a CUSTOMER!  Being that this place is in the heart of the strip in Las Vegas, you would think that they would have just fixed the mistake by taking my burger and given me the correct order. So sad!  I do not recommend this place!!
Not worth the hype I read from several reviews and blogs. Supposed to be one of Vegas' best burgers, but was very disappointed. . . Nothing special about the bun or beef. But fries were greasy and seemed over cooked to the point of being too crunchy.
We were going to a show and needed a quick place to eat - pretty limited in the Mirage.  Supposed to be one of the best places for burgers but they were just so so in my book.  I had a naked burger which was the buger without the bun.  Was cooked ok, very large patty.  Of course you have to order any sides extra so my husband and I always share those.  He had some sort of dripping messy burger which he said was good but he wouldn't get it again.  . . Service was ok, server was pleasant but will we go there again. Only if nothing else is available.
It was okay. My husband & I went there last week & neither of us have any real complaints. Everything was okay... the food was mediocre, the service was fine but nothing over the top.
Shakes are great. Lack of "veggie" burger was disappointing. Tried the falafel burger & it was so overcooked they took it off the bill. Prices are high. Not returning.
Very so so burgers. Best to head elsewhere for a burger. Lots of other options. Limited options. Service could easily be improved. Once at this place was enough. I won't be back
