This place was a let down.. We anticipated excellent steak given the celebrity chef name, it being in the Palazzo as well as it being a freaking steakkhouse. The prices were high but the quality was lacking. The meat was not cooked to order (at a steakhouse!!!) and really wasn't flavorful. Its as id they try to make up for poor quality meat with their extravagant sizes. Make no mistake you get huge cuts of meat and excellent service but as you can see from some of the other reviews, its just not as good as it should be.. Sorry Mario but you need to make sure your kitchens up to par here.
I was quite disappointed in Carnevino.  I expected much better.  The service was very slow, very inattentive.  I should never be refilling my wine myself when buying a bottle.  The servers didn't seem to communicate well.  Dont get me wrong the service was ok, but didn't fare much better than a night at the olive garden.  The food was....eh.  The stories are correct they will even tell you when you order a steak to order it cooked one temp higher because they under cook.  Seriously, you serve steak round the clock, you should know how to cook a steak by now.  I had to order it medium to get medium rare, completely unacceptable.  It did come out as I wanted which was medium rare, however it was charred on the outside.  The cooks need a trip to Old Homestead at Borgata or NY to see how a steak is suppose to be cooked.  It's suppose to seal the flavor not change it to burnt.  The italian fare was again very so so.  Again din;t get me wrong, if the cost was half of what it is, then I wouldn't be bothered.  But when I spend that much (and I do alot) then I expect a certain level of quality, and they just dont have it.
The service and the presentation were great.  The food was really only so-so, IMHO. . The portions were what I call, "Fancy French Restaurant Small." My group ate more of a family style meal where we ordered several things and all shared. The cheese plate was great, but the antipasto was again, only OK.  The little deepfried Parmesan Cheese balls were the highlight of the meal! . Then 3 different pastas all lacking much flavor and with NO size at all.  . . Lastly the meat;  the Steak was fatty and overcooked and really not good or flavorful.  The Lamb chops, I must say, were really outstanding.  Some of the best I have had, but the steak was a big disappointment.. . I guess what really sums it up is that the food might have been better to me if it wasn't so expensive.  For the price, it just didn't measure up.  I have had far better meals for far less. The bill with one of the most reasonable wines on the list came out to about an average of $215.00 each!!. . Sorry Mario, I really wanted to like this place but just couldn't!
Wow... talk about disappointing. I just expected a little more from a Mario Batali restaurant I guess. . . FOOD: 3 stars... My wife ordered the filet and I had the "mixed grill" as our main entrees. The filet was tender ... nothing to write home about. The mixed grill came with 5 different proteins...shrimp, buffalo sausage, hangar steak, guinea fowl, and some type of pork ... Most of it had a lot of flavor except the shrimp was a complete waste. . . We ordered the mashed potatoes and mushrooms. The mushrooms were EXCELLENT. The potatoes were boring. . . My wife had a blood orange martini... she just kept telling me it was yummy. . . SERVICE: 2 stars... the waiter was nice, accommodating and attentive... however their staff SPILLED A HOT SIDE DISH OF SPINACH ON MY BACK. Unbelievable. On top of that... all I got was a simple apology... nothing comped. It was pretty pathetic. I didn't want to make a scene since I was there with 12 other people. But it was pretty ridiculous how that even happened. Ruined my entire dining experience. . . AMBIANCE: 2 stars.... it's located inside the Palazzo and so it's a large restaurant. Too bad that they threw us in the back where it's tightly packed (appears they accommodate a lot of large parties) and loud. The tight squeeze  probably contributed to the waiter dropping the plate of spinach all over my back. . . A buddy of mine had the Rib eye for 2. The presentation of them cutting at the table made it look amazing...  but I was told that it wasn't worth the $70/person they charge for it. . . Overall - 2.5 stars. . I think I'll stick to some of the other steak houses next time.
The ambience is nice but the food is only ok. My chicken dish was extremely salty and service was slow. Won't be in a rush to go back anytime soon.
Honestly, two stars is generous.. . From the moment we sat down, it was painfully obvious that our waiter had one thing on his mind: to convince us to spend as much money as possible. Before we even said a word about the appetizers, he was telling us we should order two, because they are small. Same for the pasta. Same for the side dishes. (They ARE small, by the way. We paid $19 for one single lonely raviolo, but if you are getting a steak and some sides, you just don't need individual appetizers and plates of pasta.) He told us we needed to try the $120/person tasting menu, because it REALLY showcased what Mario Batali is known for, and then proceeded to name-drop "Mario Batali" about half a dozen more times before leaving our table. Oh, and then there was the older couple at a table nearby who were obviously spending more money than we were, and when they tried to get the waiter's attention, he stopped in the middle of explaining something to us and scurried over to their table without saying a word to excuse himself. The minute we ordered diet coke instead of wine, any pretenses of good service were all out the window. What? I just don't like wine.. . But what about the food? Okay, well, I've had better. Specifically, I've had better steaks and sides at CUT, also at Palazzo. (It's a bit more expensive but worth every single penny.) The filet mignon I had at CV was just all right. It was also way overcooked; I ordered medium rare and it came out more like medium well, despite the waiter's insistence that "their" medium rare was a bit rarer than usual. So much for that!. . Skip this place. It is crappy. If you are going to spend $200+ at a meal, it needs to be a lot better than this.
CarneVino was a bit of a let down.  I expected fabulous food, and what I got was good food.  Nothing was bad, but it just didn't WOW me.  . . CarneVino makes eating steak a stuffy experience, without backing it up with amazing food. You're required to eat the meal the way the Chef wants, without regard for your own personal preferences.  Unacceptable.  I appreciate Chef suggestions, but in the end it's my meal.  . . If it's great steak I'm craving, I'll go to Del Frisco's next time.
I have been here about 4 times.  And normally it is great.  But last night was awful!! I was so excited to take my husband there for the first time.  The waiter was done was done with us when we  decided not to order the . $72 bone in Rib Eye.  We were set on the Osso Bucco, since we love that!  But we were told they were out of it.  But once we ordered the New York Steak, we didn't see our waiter again. And he as just rude when we asked questions.  I was so disappointed . The worst was for my husband.  He saw they had a pork chop, and was excited to try it.  It was like a pork pancake.  It was beaten very thinly and battered and fried.  Not at all what was described on the menue.
My husband and I dined at CarneVino last night as part of a Vegas weekend that was a belated celebration of my 40th birthday. This was our second time dining at CarneVino and while the food was fantastic again on our second visit, the service wasn't and I doubt we'll go back. I expect exceptional service when I'm dining at a restaurant created / owned by Mario Batali that prides itself on sourcing only the best ingredients and wines. I also expect exceptional service when my meal (for two of us) is going to cost at least $300, if not more. . . This being said, we experienced exceptional service to start with - I had a million questions for our primary waiter regarding various items on the menu and spent a fair amount of time getting his recommendations - which didn't disappoint. The lobster appetizer is great but not as great as the one that was served not long after the restaurant opened, It would also be helpful for the menu to list that the sashimi portion of the lobster appetizer is served on top of a sauce of cream, horseradish, lemon juice and chives - I loved the sauce but my husband did not and had we known about the sauce, we would have asked for the dish without it. The beef cheek ravioli with a butter sauce and 25 year aged balsamic vinegar is to die for - if I could eat that every day, I would. My husband had the bone in NY Strip which had fabulous flavor although I think he felt that navigating around the bone was a lot of work. I had the striped bass (I know, it's a steak restaurant but I needed something not as heavy) with a spring vegetable puree, artichoke hearts and pea tendrils - it was also gorgeous. We picked two sides - the mascarpone and guanciale mashed potatoes which are sinful and wonderfully satisfying - they come with a poached egg that is broken and stirred in - delicious! The second side was the roasted beets with gorgonzola, also delicious. . . Back to the service - once we received our entrees the service staff vanished. Not very far into our entrees we both wanted to order another drink but no one came to check on us. Finally with more than half of our entrees consumed we were asked if we would like another drink and we ordered. The drinks only arrived some time after we had finished our entrees. We let the drink servers (who were completely new to our table) know that we wouldn't be needing the drinks. Our primary waiter showed back up a little while later and gave us a halfhearted apology and that was that. No apology from the manager, no discount to our check, nothing. And mind you, we weren't looking for a discount but on principle there should have been some sort of apologetic gesture. Had there been any kind of gesture we would have increased our gratuity significantly - having worked in the service industry and event industry for many years I have a very hard time ever leaving less than 20%, even when I haven't been blown away (more fool me, perhaps). . . On exiting the restaurant we walked by a woman who I guessed to be the manager. I stopped and asked if she was, and she confirmed that she was. I relayed our experience and she did give us what we felt was a very genuine apology, although it will be interesting to see if she spends the time to track us down via OpenTable to send us an email to ask us to give CarneVino another chance. . . The bottom line, I think, is that team service is not always an effective way to serve your dining customers - unless your team is staffed appropriately and magnificent at working together to serve multiple tables. I would guess that our primary waiter thought that the rest of his team was taking care of us and had no idea that they weren't. And when a restaurant is busy and the primary waiter has a number of tables of varying sizes, I would guess there is virtually no way to ensure that all of the diners are getting exceptional service throughout their meal. . . For our money we're looking for exceptional food AND service, so we'll probably go elsewhere the next time we're in Vegas.
Expensive and mediocre at best.. . First tip - if you have the waiter who uses 2 initials as his name immediately ask the manager to be reseated. He was arrogent, rude, and visually rolled his eyes when what we were ordering apparently wasn't up to his standards. One member of our party, not a big meat eater, ordered the fish of the day and he sniffed "maybe we should change our name to PesceVino". Huh?. . First complaint - we were a group of six and I ordered wine before the last two arrived. They appeared and then the wine came, one person didn't want wine, and instead of asking what she DID want he just walked away. After 15 minutes she finally went to the bar, ordered a drink and had it delivered to our table. (This isn't the good part yet.) When our waiter finally reappeared he looked at her drink and said "you should have asked me, I'm here to serve you" - well he wasn't there!! That's pretty much the sum total of the entire experience, every remark was "whatever you want" but then he wasn't around to actually do anything for us.. . Avoid the pastas - they're tiny tiny tiny portions (not even adequate for a pasta course between courses) and Stouffers does better. They just really looked sad on the plates and tasted worse.. . Steak was OK, but so non-memorable that I can't even tell you what cut I had.. . Save your money and go get a burger - you'll be happier.
With steakhouses all over Vegas there are much better choices out there. Had the bone-in rib-eye that came overcooked and very bland. The seafood appetizer platter was unique but the taste was just not there. I just think there are much better steakhouses in the valley area. It's hard after having a bad experience to want to drop another several 100$ on dinner.
We have been here 5 times over multiple visits to Vegas.  Once for dinner and 4 times for lunch.  This review is for the lunch visits.. . The first time the burger was cooked medium rare which was nice and juicy with the perfect amount of pink.  The truffle aoli tasted great on the burger.  The home-made chips was tasty and crispy.  Our waiter was great and wish I caught his name.  Told him we were sharing.  He had the sandwiches cut in half in the kitchen.  That extra effort earned him extra tip.. . The second time the burgers were overcooked.  The waiter (different than the first time) did come by to ask how the meal was and we should have sent them back.  We didn't enjoy our burgers.. . The third time the burger was cooked medium rare again...YAY!  Would not recommend the house-made pastrami though.  For $21 you get a very small sandwich which was not all that memorable.  No fries or chips come with that $21 sandwich.. . The fourth (and final time) the burger was again overcooked.  Getting tired of the inconsistency.  Again, we would be sharing two different sandwiches so we asked the waiter to have the kitchen cut them in half before serving.  The waiter told us we could cut them in half ourselves table side.  SERIOUSLY???  A customer is asking for a service and you tell the customer to do it?  The waiter was terrible, not attentive at all.  Wish I remembered the waiter's name.  We were tempted not to tip but in the end we left him 15% anyway (grudgingly).. . That last visit was the last straw though.  We won't go back.  Too bad they can't be more consistent in cooking their burger and they really need to improve their lunch service.  Even if it's not busy, it doesn't mean the service should slack off.
Over priced, Over rated. Service was slow, Steaks were over cooked and Lobster was like eating a tire!  Very sad!
I was here with a large group for a dinner on Friday night.  We sat down and looked at the menus.  I was kinda thrown off of the price, however.  I did expect the quality and taste to match that of how much I was paying, so I grouped with a friend of mine and ordered the $80 porterhouse for 2, medium.. . While waiting for the porterhouse, the bread and butter came out.  The standard butter was fine, but there was also a lardo spread that was offered as well.  I'm a fan of trying new things, but I really wasn't impressed by the lardo.  It smelled like an armpit, to be honest.  I was content with my boring butter.. . The porterhouse came out, and I could understand why it was $80, due to how big the thing was.  After having a couple of bites, I found the cut to be pretty decent.  It was good for a porterhouse, but it was NOT worth paying $80 for 2, much less having to split the bill at $40 per person.. . The service was probably the best part of the entire experience, but it wasn't as great as expected.  Our server was fairly knowledgeable of the dishes and the wine pairings, but really wasn't there a whole lot.  And for reference, the dinner service was at its end of the night anyway.. . Overall, I thought the food was okay, but it really is overpriced and seemingly overrated at this point.  In this case, I had to pay to understand why.
Italian steak house... Over priced, over cooked, meat quality just seemed lesser for the prices - disappointing... I've been to several of Batali's restaurants, in both Vegas, and Manhattan, and this place is definitely the worst of his, that I've been to.
Mario Batali must be on High Blood Pressure meds if he eats at hi own restaurants.  Food was oversalted. Overpriced for what we quality of what we received. Headwaiter was unfriendly.  Other waitstaff was good and anticipated needs well.
Huge disappointment!  Two celebrity chefs equal big flavor right? No such luck.  Three words....season your food!  A little salt on my brussel sprouts, mushrooms and lamb chops would have elevated all three dishes....except that one of my double lamb chops was pure fat! Literally could not slice off enough meat for a small bite....which would have been okay if I hadn't paid the price of the farm for the meal and wine! Decided to order a cannoli to ease the pain.  If you can get past the smear that looks like a pool of baby poop, the cannoli are actually quite tasty. Unfortunately, at these prices I'm looking for aesthetics and flavor, and Carnevino missed the mark on both.  Did I mention the rancid black pepper butter? eeewwww! And shame on you!
I cannot believe how disappointing this meal was.  Our group thought, "Mario Batali?  Must be amazing, right?".. wrong.  Mr. Batali needs to get his orange Crocs into Vegas andtry to figure out what is going wrong here.. . First off, the meal was so expensive.  We were dining with a group who all love good food and don't mind paying a lot for really amazing meals, but this wasn't worth half of what we paid.  . . The service was so bad and they sat our group of 6 at a giant round table that was so large you could only speak to the people directly to your left or right, not conducive to good conversation.  Our server was pretentious and frankly had the personality of a rock. . . My husband and I started with Proscuitto with seasonal fruit as an Antipasti, we shared the Gnocchi Bolognese as a pasta course, we had the roasted beets as a side, and I had an 8 ounce filet mignon ($50) and he ordered the 20 ounce bone-in veal chop ($85).  . . The proscuitto was delicious, melt in your mouth, just salty enough, it was really wonderful.  The pasta was disappointing.  At our table we had several different pasta dishes, and every single one of them was a let down.  Gnocchi was a little too chewy and the bolognese sauce was just... meh.  Nothing special.. . My steak was very good, it was really tender, but I have had (much) better steaks at other steakhouses, paying less, and often the steaks elsewhere are accompanied with something (sides, garnish, something!).  My husband's veal also was good, it was tender and had nice flavor.  Again, for me, it's more about the price.  That veal chop was not worth $85.. . We got the roasted beets as a side, and I enjoyed them, but I love beets.  Other side dishes at the table went untouched.. . The other dishes ordered at the table included a veal scaloppine and lamb chops, and the general concensus was that the food was unmemorable and nothing special at all. . . I think that if we had paid less for our meals or if we had really exceptional service, we likely would have left Carnevino feeling better about the experience.  But when you combine mediocre food, terrible service, a poor table setting, and a sky-high bill, the overall opinion was that this was a bad dining experience.  With all the great restaurants in Las Vegas, we are sorry we chose this one.
No offense but I came with a bachelorette party of 8 for some fine dining. And yes while we got good food, it wasn't worth the almost $600 tab, especially when alcohol wasn't even involved.. . We had to share:. - Fruiti di Mare Spaghetti ($31) - your basic sea food red sauce pasta. nice inclusions were the lobster bites.. - PAPPARDELLE with 'porcini trifolati' ($22 for the "appetizer portion", $37 for the dinner portion) - this was good but i've had just as good for less than the appetizer price.. . Here's the doosie:. -Bone in Ribeye for 2 - WATCH OUT FOR THE PRICE - they list it as $72 but it is really $72 x 2 = $144 for ONE large ribeye steak. - Porterhouse for 2 - again same tricky pricing wording - they list as $80 but it is really $80 x 2 = $160 for ONE large porterhouse.. . I'll be honest, I've had ribeye and porterhouse steaks and they tasted as good but NO steak should cost $160 unless it is encased in gold. Seriously, this was ridiculous. . I don't even want to bother telling you about the sides and dessert we ordered because in the end, the outrageousness of the steak prices boggles my mind.. . the food and service were fine. but i'm telling everyone now, save your money and go somewhere else. you can get just as good at any other place and still have money to go gamble.
MEH.  Let me preface this review by saying that I have absolutely no problem with paying top dollar for EXCELLENT food. That being said, I also HATE paying top dollar for mediocre food.. . That was my experience at Carnevino.  Mediocre, mediocre, mediocre.  I couldn't believe the prices they charged for the food.  Mario Batali should be ashamed!!  I ordered a couple of appetizer sized portions of the pasta.  They were okay, but the worst part was that the pasta came out COLD.  I had to send it back to get them to reheat it so that I could at least attempt to eat it.  I can't even remember what I had for my main - it was obviously not memorable.  . . Avoid this place and spend your dollars elsewhere - I personally love Bartolotta at the Wynn.
Had high expectations going in as Mario Batali had become such a big time famous chef.   Tried several things on the menu and everything was mediocre at best.   I would have thought that Mario could at least of put on some amazing pasta dishes on the menu, but really nothing was all that special.    Would not have mind paying the expensive prices if the food was up to par
Four of us were there for dinner Jan. 7. The service started out well with suggestions for wine pairings. Carnevino's approach to serving smaller portions of pasta and other parts of their menu well explained. The beef tartare appetizers came (premixed) and were good. Things started to go off with the main course. The used cutlery was taken away but only forks brought. The food came and by the time we realized no other cutlery was coming we had to flag a waitperson from another table minutes (and cold food) later. We mentioned the issue but no comment was made by our waiter when he came to the table again eventually to ask if everything was all right. The entrees were delicious. The roasted beets amazing. Since the experience of the main course was disappointing, we chose to linger over dessert somewhere else. When we asked the waiter for the check instead of ordering dessert (something we told him we planned to do at the beginning of the meal) he seemed relieved we were leaving.
For the price you pay I don't think this place is worth it, but that's sort of my opinion of the rest of Vegas.. . Bison Carpaccio - was good, but only 6 or 8 SUPER thin splices for $18.  Barely felt like you ate anything.  It was good quality though.  Worth trying if you've never had it before, but you won't feel like you've eaten anything.. Black fettucine - I don't know wtf is up with this dish.  It just wasn't good.  It had a seafood taste, but there was no seafood in it.  Maybe it was black because of squid ink?  i have no clue, but I wouldn't order this again.. Dry-Aged Bone In Rib-Eye - It's a really really fatty piece of meat, not what I was expecting.  We order it medium-rare but it was pretty much rare, so the fat hadn't really softened enough to melt into the meat.  While the consistency was good and juicy, the meat seemed to have lots of tendons, which totally took away from the experience.  Maybe cooking it more would have softened them up a bit.. . Finally, our waiter was kind of a dick.  Someone in our party ordered an extra rib-eye by accident because the menu says for 2, so he said for 2 after he ordered, but the watier thought he meant 2.  It was okay because we split among 8 ppl anyways, but the waiter didn't even acknowledge the mistake or try to help us out.
I had dinner here on a Friday night with my wife.  8:30pm seating.. All I can say considering some of the other good reviews is that we must have hit it a bad night, time and server.  We were seated on time.  Place was jumping full.  Music was pumping.  Restaurant or club?  Our bus boy tried to entertain us while our waiter was nowhere to be found.  About 15 minutes later, we'd had a few refills of our water and ordered and received a bottle of wine from the Som. when our waiter finally showed up.  He turnedout to be particularly annoying like he'd taken a happy pill. . A good laugh was had when the guy who brought our bread and butter described the butter and second dish of salted lard.  We looked at him questioning the lard and he stated he'd never tasted it thinking it was disgusting and questioned why they served it.  His honesty was great and pretty much set the tone for the night.  I tasted it and it's not good.  Lard?!?!. Funny thing, as we were finishing our appetizer of pretty good fried calamari but, not yet finished, I saw our bus boy walk by with our entrees.  He found somebody to set our table for the entrees and ask if we were finished with the calamari.  The timing and obviousness of all this was unfortunate.  Anyway, the two filets we had were good but not great.  I know this is Vegas but at $50 an 8oz filet they better be really good. . The rest was uneventful and we left convinced we'll not be back.  Sorry Mario.  Kick it up a notch.
We arrived on time for our 8pm reservation on a Monday night and we're told by the receptionist that they were running behind and it would be 15 - 20 minutes. I said that was ok as long as that didn't really mean 45 minutes. She assured me it wouldn't be long. We were finally seated...1 hour AFTER our reservation. I'm quite sure if we were to show up an hour late, our reservation would be canceled, but I guess they find it acceptable to make their guests wait well beyond a reasonable delay. . . After dinner, we sat around for a while chatting and were asked to move so they could clean the table. This was after ordering a $1400 meal (including two nice bottles of wine). This was a bit odd.... . Finally, I went up to the bar (which was still open) to order a few espresso martinis. The bartender was ready to serve me a drink until he found out what I wanted and then promptly said "sorry we're closed". Meanwhile there were 10 people still sitting at the bar drinking and he had already put a cocktail napkin in front of me. I walked away dumbfounded.... . Now, I will say the food was very good. However, the first and last impression left a very bad taste in my mouth and as a result, we'll never be back. Too many other great options in Vegas.
The steak (bone in ribeye) was fabulous but the sides were only OK. The service was poor and that is unacceptable in this price range. The wine list was good but the prices were astronomical, $23 for a glass of Malbec. I cannot recommend Carnevino.
I was not impressed with this place at all. To start out with our service was awful. It took us 20 minuets to get waters, then I think we saw our waitress 2 more times the whole meal. We had the bone in ribeye for two and it was disappointing. They didn't cook it enough but they carved it before asking if ok so they couldn't cook it more. My salad was bad and I left most of it on the plate. I was never asked how anything was. Was thus meal worth $350??
This review does not reflect the service here: our server Robert was knowledgeable and friendly. It was that nothing Wowed us. I mean first the restaurant has a view of the Casino. I wanted to Escape the casino to eat but I was still in it. I mean for 250 for two people you want a bit of a vibe.. . Our App was tiger prawn in a red sauce, it was fair. Our salad came out with a few wilted pieces- if I am paying 20 bux- it better be fresh. Both apps were nothing to write home about. The star of the meal was a bone in fillet but this also did not knock our socks off.. . Would not go back.
Not very good and wouldn't stay in Business in CHicago or most major cities. Firstly it is ridiculously over priced. I don't mind paying whatever when a meal is worth it but this wasn't. The Pasta tasted like it was ROnzoni out of the box, the salad was wilted and way over dressed and for 20 bucks for literally a tack of lettuce, it should tap dance across the table. The steak was less than average at once again, at $95 for the ribeye for one, they set the expectation of what should be served. It's basically an all out avoid as there are many many far better places to eat in Vegas.
What a disappointment! Saw this on a "best of" steakhouse list, made reservations way ahead , and , really, no big deal.  Better steakhouses in any big city, including several in Denver. Lots of snobby attitude by staff, inedible salads, pretty good steaks, ridiculous prices, bad music played way too loud, and well, that's about it.   Fair warning, it's just nothing special for the price.
Did not get even close to what I ordered. I ordered a tagliatelle pasta, which the waiter repeated after I said it, and I ended up with a salad. What would have otherwise been a great culinary experience was ruined by the waiter's very odd mistake. I was thinking I would be back until I got the salad, which sealed the deal for me. Make sure you save a lot of time because this is definitely a slower pace meal.
Maybe it is on par with other Las Vegas restaurants, but my experience was nothing exceptional.  For a $60 steak, I must say that I was rather disappointed.  Also, the environment was very noisy --- maybe because of the loud rock-n-roll music (in a fine restaurant?) or maybe because the acoustics are just bad in there.  Service was excellent.  I can say that I have no reason to go back ---- nothing exceptional going on there.
Mario should be ashamed!. . There is no question that the product quality id there but the portions are pathetically small and everything is way over priced. We has a table for four behind the giant bull in the entry way facing the bull balls. Not a very pleasant view even if we were cows. Bottom line is that this restaurant is, in theory, a winner but they need to bring down the prices and pay more attention to the portion size.
Really,   seat me in some ante-room-chamber that is not part of the restaurant with the excuse "well it can get loud in the main dining room". Welcome to Vegas you knuckleheads. So what is with the Menu/Pricing structure.  $15 for a taste add another $18 for the full entree?. If you need a taste put it on the Starters/Appetizers menu, the entree should be $33 simple as that. Next porterhouse, $80 per person for 2 only?  seriously, $160 for a steak that is no better than Craftsteak, Cut or any other Carnage in Vegas for 1/3 that price. Adding Mario's name may have intrigued me enough to try this place, but the people running it will NOT bring me back......
Horrible!!! My wife ordered the filet, and I the Aged Bone-In New York. Both tasted like they were seared in a pan of oil, with no salt and pepper. I have been to many steakhouses, and this had to be the worse. When we complained to the waiter, he asked if we wanted steak sauce? Told him that we should'nt have to put  steak sauce on a $60.00 dollar steak. Go to Prime at the Bellagio. Go anywhere but here!!
Rather than write an actual review, I will share the letter that I wrote to the General Manager. Hope it's helpful.. . Carnevino Restaurant. Richard Douglas/General Manager. . Dear Mr. Douglas,. . My fiance and I decided to try Carnevino because one, I love Mario Batali and two, we enjoy trying new places.  It was also his 39th birthday and I decided to take him somewhere fancy.  I wanted to express my sentiments in writing so that you may get a full understanding of our dining experience.. . First off, the bar service was awesome.  I had one Greyhound and I was tipsy.  Thankfully, the bartender gave me a great drink for a great price of $15.  If you want a better variety of patrons, you may consider dropping some of your drink prices.  Las Vegas being a tourist town, it's hard to enjoy a drink if you are paying through the nose.  Not to mention, it's not like he used Grey Goose, Russo-Baltique, Belvedere or Oval.  He used Kettle One. Sorry, that's not a $15 drink.. . We were excited to try the food since I reviewed the menu prior to making the reservation.  I already knew that we would not be eating steak even though Carnevino is a "Steak House" type restaurant simply because I refuse to pay $72 per person just for rib-eye, when I can get a great steak at Maggiano's for a much reasonable price.  Plus, my guy and I are not big meat eaters.  Before I get to the food aspect of my letter, I wanted to talk about your staff.  We had two waiters:  Marco and Danielle.  We loved Danielle.  She was the type of person you could have sitting at your table like she was an old friend.  Her energy and knowledge of food preparation and description of items was awesome.  I felt like we belonged there and she made us feel very welcomed.  Then, there was Marco.  Marco reminded me of those European waiters who has been serving people in fine restaurants for probably over 15 years.  He personally made me feel like I was not good enough to eat at your restaurant.  It's a feeling I have experienced before and it certainly is very disappointing especially when I knew that our dinner would be pricey.  I expected better service and frankly, my fiance felt the same way.  If it weren't for Danielle, we would have left upon being seated.. . As a starter we ordered the fried calamari which was amazing.  I also loved the bread and topping options.  I am a little bit of a risk taker, more so than my fiance and I decided on trying the Roasted Quail.  We enjoyed our vegetable selection of Italian broccoli with roast pork,  fried eggplant and the best mashed potatoes we have ever had.  Now comes the fun part: the bird.  The quail smelled like wet dog and I tried it, just once.  I was polite and asked Danielle to remove it from my table because it actually made me nauseaous.  I am sure that it was cooked the way it should be but the reality is, not everyone has the same palate.  Chef's take the kind of thing personally so I assured the manager and everyone else that it was nothing the chef did.  I simply did not want it.  If it was New York pigeon, I would have guessed that instead.  The manager was kind enough to bring me something else even though I was fine with paying for my quail.  We weren't looking for a free meal. . . I like it when wait-staff come to your table to check on you but Marco coming to our table a total of 9 times in 10 minutes was not needed.  It was as though he was checking to make sure that we had not left without paying.  Maybe the fact that my fiance and I are heavily tattooed, one might think that we must not have much money.  Afterall, it's not like tattoos are expensive, right?  I must not be employed to be able to wear a BCBG dress, have 70% of my body tattooed and manage to pay a $125 bill without blinking. My mistake.. . We won't be returning.  Though we enjoyed the side options of the menu, the food overall was not what we expected.  The atmosphere was nice though you really need to consider a different option for music.  Not everyone likes the Rolling Stones, especially on repeat.  And have a chat with Marco about his demeanor.  Though I am sure because of his many years of experience as a waiter, he must assume that this equates the same for how you treat people.  I could stoop down to his level and say something like, "Afterall, he is only just a waiter" but then again, I am above that.  I respect people and respect what people do for a living.  Maybe one day, he will have a waiter quite like himself and remember that he serves the public, much like a janitor. . . Sincerely,. . Ilene Huffman. . P.S.  I find it amusing that some of your staff members have to wear a suit to pour water.  That's a bit much, don't you think?
HAPPY and FAT. . . The operative words that come to mind when I hear the name Mario Batali. Sadly, the overpriced, lackluster fare at Carnevino only made me the latter! But, as a disclaimer, it has been quite a while since my visit here, so hopefully they've made some improvements since then. . . Located in The Palazzo, Carnevino semi-failed from the get-go. While it maintains the top-notch customer service and decadent, chic decor expected of a high-end Vegas establishment, the ambience was marred by the raucous sound of Beastie Boys blarring from the stereo system. I'm not neccessarily opposed to them, but the likes of "Intergalatic" and "Sabatoge" didn't jive well with the up-scale environment.  . . The menu was sneaky too. So, watch out! Case in point, the prices listed for the pastas range from $17-$31; however, these are for appetizer portions only. An additional $15 needs to be tacked on for the entree size. Also, the steak for two is listed as $72, but it's $72 PER PERSON, making it a whopping $144.  A steak legitimately worth that much wouldn't be for eating, as it should be plated in precious metals and embedded with Swarvoski crystals.. . We ended up ordering the Bison Carpaccio & Fried Calamari appetizers, 16-oz bone-in New York strip, Grilled Sweetbreads, & Pork Milanese. Pretty much all the main courses failed, and for an establishment that boasts "the highest-quality, excellently prepared steaks" I was seriously expecting more than the the chewy, bland New York strip that was served. The appetizers were actually pretty good, and I'd recommend getting the Bison Capaccio. But other than that, the highlights of the meal were the complimentary cheese puffs & the bread w/butter & peppered lard. . . Needless to say, this was a sad way to start out our trip in Vegas. Luckily, our night of debauchery at XS later on that night made up for it. Two stars!
This place is so fucking expensive.  $140 for a two person steak.  Fuckin nuts.  The caesar salad is $20 for four pieces of soggy, overdressed lettuce.  I had the $50 frutti mare pasta.  The clams tasted like butthole.  They weren't fresh.  There isn't an ocean near vegas so thats my fault.  I ate at the caesars buffet the night before so i didn't feel like eating a $200 steak.  Save yo fatty money and visit Delmonicos at the Venetian or even craft steak at MGM.  Tom and Emerald's steakhouse pwns this money pit. PS Joseph Bastianich is a little bitch ass.  I didn't want to eat here cuz Joe owns this place.  I want to punch him on master chef.  But if I were a millionaire I'd be a prick too.
Admittedly, I'm a steak snob so when I go and plunk down a couple of hundred bucks plus for a dinner we expect it to be something special. However this isn't about the price, it's about a place that boasts "the best Italian on the strip" and is supposed to be about the meat and wine.. I've eaten steak at a few places including Craftsteak, Delmonico, Del Frisco's, The Homestead, as well as the chains like Flemming's, Morton's, and Ruth's Chris... so yes, I'm a steak guy.. Now I know any steakhouse can have an off moment, I've sent steaks back probably at one time or another at every place except Craftsteak where I ate two Iowa corn fed bone in strip steaks, but I've only eaten there once. Okay, you get the picture.. . So CarneVino: let me first say that the staff was excellent, the hostesses were genial and professional, our waiter Brayden was extremely nice and professional as well, and the rest of the dining room staff was attentive without being overbearing.. . The decor was very warm and inviting, and did have an up-scale steak house feel. The somewhat blaring 80s music was a little . . The food was a disappointment. At this level of dining I expect excellence. I first ordered a bone in ribeye for one. The menu listed it as a bone in ribeye for two and charged $70 per person as a single entree it was $95, I ordered it medium rare with Italian broccoli as a side. When the steak came I noticed that although as big as the plate, the steak was pretty thin. It reminded me of a breakfast steak one might expect at a diner. I cut into it and of course it was medium well. I changed my order and decided to go with the bone in strip steak which was on the menu as a regular single serving item and grazed on the very tough, but tasty Italian broccoli. When the steak arrived, it was lightly seared, probably in a pan, but the temperature was right when I cut into it. The meat was a little on the tough side and was definitely under seasoned. The wife went with pesto gnocchi, which was fine, but nothing spectacular. The wine we wanted was unavailable and the sommelier recommended a suitable substitute.. Overall, it was an average experience, and not up to par with even commercial establishments like Flemming's or Ruth's Chris. Mario has some work to do in order to make CarneVino the steak destination it should be.
Ugh the disappointment is overwhelming.. . I loooove Mario Batali because i don't really trust skinny chefs... which is not a problem for that fine gentleman, but I don't know what they hell happened at Carnevino.. . Take a look at the other Yelp reviews on this page, A restaurant of this caliber, which caters to these discerning diners, and charges as much as this place does, should have nothing less than 4 stars. But I guess I am not the only person to see the lackluster performance of the place.. . Now by all means, the food is not bad. The bone-in rib eye is massive, the taste is decent but it came out quite dry with a questionable texture. I like the fact that it was cut tableside, but we ordered it medium-rare but it came out medium-well if anything.  Sides such as the corn with lime and chilies is ok, while the eggplant with tomato and ricotta cheese was good but far from impressive. I would speculate that these dishes could have been made by an amateur chef, not what I'd expect from Mario Batali.. . One of major issues with the place was simply the price. The average diner cannot get out of here under $100, add even more if go with wine pairing. Now, I don't have an issue with paying if the food is worth it, but I am not sure if thats the case here. The fact is that there are alot of high-end steakhouses on and around the strip that compete for your business. For the money you are going to spend here, you are better off at Wolfgang's Cut (also in the Palazzo) SW at the Wynn, and even save some cash and check out Capital Grille across the street.
Had high hopes for this one.  I know not to doubt my Yelp folks and this was further proof to me to stay away from places that have mixed reviews, especially when your target restaurant is pricey.. . Not food related:. . Initially, sommelier suggested three out of stock wines, which we thought was strange and a bit embarrassing for him.  Second, the music was so loud we could barely carry on a conversation with one another.  Additionally, while playing AC/DC during dinner was probably a cute and edgy idea to Mario and corporate, we found it strange and disjointed especially when looking at the demographics of the patrons. We observed several walk offs because of the music.  One of our waiters said it was a common occurrence and only happens more frequently as the night goes on and they switch to hardcore rap (seriously).. . The most annoying part of the experience was the incessant walk-by note taking of the hostess staff.  Apparently they were keeping close tabs on where diners were in the meal process.. . Food related:. . We started with the calamari, which was flavored nicely, but was a bit soggy by the time it arrived.  Amuse bouche was cheese fritters, but these were also cold..  . Split a "2 inch" reserve rib eye with a friend, which was close to what I expected, but not sure it was worth $108 per inch.  In total the steak was about 22-24 ounces.  95% of the steak was great and had that perfect super dry aged steak flavor, but the meat that was close to the bone was acrid.  My wife had the filet, which was just OK.  Had the porcini and blue cheese sauces, both were gloppy and bland.. . The most disappointing part centered around the side dishes.  The mashed potato with mascarpone and egg yolk were just flat out bland.  Boiled newspaper would have had more flavor.  The house special of Brussels sprouts had so much lemon in them that they were like eating sour patch candy.  For three people not to finish two small side dishes speaks volumes.
They say good things don't last. Well my friends, sadly it's true. Carne Vino has sunk. Food is good (but not as good as it was in the past) and the service stinks. . . I can't tell you how disappointed I was on my last trip to Carne Vino in Vegas. This, from my favorite restaurant in Vegas for many, many years. . . A year ago my husband and I moved to London and have endured a hard year of very few good steaks and at prices that don't allow for many outings. So, on our trip to the US this year we were dying for red meat and had to make a trip to Carne Vino. Oh yes! That glorious gigantic Fred Flinstone sized rib-eye and NY. Mouthwatering goodness. Oh yessssss. And I LOVE the amazing pastas that are also served here. Combine the two and oh baby!! Bring it!!!!!. . Knowing how busy the place gets, we made our reservation well in advance. Here is a summary of how they proceeded to let me down: . . (Mishap #1, + 60 min): However, upon arriving we had to wait well over an hour to be seated even with a reservation. We waited patiently knowing food bliss was awaiting us.. . (Mishap #2, + 30 min): After being seated, we had to wait another 30 minutes before anyone came to take our drink order. This is shocking since the tables around us were empty. I have no idea what the waiter was busy doing, but it was clearly not his job.. . (Mishap #3, + 30 min): And then another 30 min for someone to come to talk to us about the menu. The waiter was a real piece of work. He was really out of it, not paying attention to what we were asking and so different from the service we'd had in the past. . . (Disappointment): After finally getting something to drink and ordering, we all anxiously awaited our starters. The feeling that the night was not going to end well started to sink in when the starters arrived and were not as good as I remembered the dozen times I've been in the past. I shook this off and waited for the pastas which I knew would be heaven.. . (Mishap #4): Instead of our pasta course arriving next , we got our main meat course. We flagged down our waiter (who was no where to be found for 10-15 min) and asked him what happened and he admitted he made a mistake and didn't put the starter course in for us. I'm not sure how he managed to mess up since we seemed to be his only table.. . (Mishap #5) Shortly after this, half the pasta courses made it to the table along with the manger who proceeded to argue with us over excuses for their mess up instead of just admitting the mistake. I have NEVER seen a manager behave so childishly in a restaurant. And you'd think you'd get a some nice service at a place were you're spending +$250 per person for 8 people. The waiter scored big time with a fat service included tip although he did not deserve a dime of it. . . Bottom line is: I don't think this review really tells you how bad the service was. The service was horrible and the manager should be fired. But, I admit I still thought the food was good - although sadly not as good as we'd had in the past. . . We've had a few friends also go there since and they have also said they had horrible service and sub-par food. I don't know if I feel better knowing it was just not a fluke night. I really used to love this place.. . I write this review broken hearted. I hope Mario reads this and goes and kicks the butt out of the management and staff with his orange croc shoes to get them to live up to the glory that this place once represented!
Mario Batali....what have you done?  I'm your biggest fan of Osteria Mozza in LA and was expecting Mozza quality and deliciousness at Carnevino.  With the quality of a Sizzler and the service of Olive Garden (actually although I hate their food, the service is even better), I am taking some of my "I'm your foodie groupie" points away big time!!  That's what happens when these great restaurant owners grow too quickly.  Service and quality goes way down.  :(  . . Chris was our first waiter, but then we got stuck with Goose.  Rude, sarcastic, made racist jokes, just unbelievable.  Maybe he should have been stuffed and served on a platter instead of serving customers.  I can't imagine a guy like that making it at Macaroni Grill, let alone a Mario Batali restaurant.  . . Ok, on to the food.  The steak tartare was decent, but it went down from there.  I ordered the lamb chops as my entree.  As many others said, they WAY undercook things.  I asked for medium rare, but the meat was oozing with blood!  Yuck!  And it was at least 75% fat.  Fortunately, Chris came to the rescue when he sent it back to the kitchen for me and took it off the bill.  I had ordered the brussel spouts as a side.  They were mediocre at best.  Needless to say, I skipped on the dessert.  Mr. Batali...please, don't ruin the image I've had of you.  Keep a few restaurants that you can manage and consistently deliver Mozza quality.  Otherwise, you will be boxed in with the Outback Steakhouse & Olive Garden.  Fortunately, Osteria Mozza is still 5 stars in my book.
Well a Bone In Ribeye for $144.... Not acceptable in my book. I own a very busy restaurant and I would not dare to charge this price. The quality was good but nothing to justify the price. Sorry we will not return.
A couple random thoughts regarding Carnevino.. . It's a nice restaurant and on it's own it's a great restaurants, however I've been to better. I had the bone in ribeye and it was good. However I prefer boneless steaks and I accidentally ordered the bone in so that might shroud my opinion of this place. . . However lets step back a minute. I ordered a steak, though I wasn't in the mood for a steak. I was however in the mood for some type of Italian/pasta dish and considering this is an Italian restaurant, I was in good hands. The prices of the pasta dishes however seemed too low so I asked whether these were entree size dishes or appetizers and it turns out the latter - disappointment. Why not offer an entree size dish? I suppose in hindsight I could have ordered two of the little dishes. . . Back to the steak. I ordered the steak medium, which I clarified was to be just to the right of red, just turning pink. What I got was the other end of pink, on its way to gray. I didn't return the steak since I was in a large group and didn't want to slow down the pace of the meal. . . The sides looked good. I tasted the Cauliflower Au gratin and the Mashed Potatoes. Both sides looked tastier than they actually tasted. The mashed potatoes even had a poached egg on top which you could burst the yolk to mix in the potatoes. However this was more for presentation as I didn't really taste the richness I had expected. Either that or the potatoes lacked any rich/creamy element that the yolk brought up to ground level. . . The service was on the better side. I would give the service 4/5 stars. Loss of star for empty glasses and slow delivery of bread and check - a bunch of small things like that. . . I wouldn't go back. Though this would be the best steakhouse in many midsize cities, there are too many other options in Vegas.
Ambiance and service were nice but the food was just so so and way overpriced.  Caprese salad was $24 for 6 cherry tomatoes, a scoop of pasty cheese, and a little dab of pesto.  The steak was good, but not near what I expected....  I have grilled better on my weber.
Pasta amazing but only app portion.  Steaks were not considered "great" by those that ordered and for $61 for a NY Strip, I would hope for "great" at the least.  I had the halibut and it was prepared nicely.  Service was very disappointing and not up to the prices.  Would not go again considering all the amazing restaurants in Las Vegas. If pirced more resonably then I'd give it a pass but you must consider the whole package in this case.  It would be like getting a Tiffany box and finding a WalMart ring inside...not bad, but certainl not going to pay Tiffany prices for it.  Sorry.  Oh, yeah, the Barolo was amazing, but they did not make that.
Don't believe the hype!. . I felt a little cheated and very unsatisfied by Carnevino.  Would you believe I left what is being called the "best steak in Las Vegas" wanting a steak?  Yep, that's exactly how I felt.. . I enjoyed almost everything about the place EXCEPT the steak.  . . Service was good.  Our waiter was attentive, recommended items etc.  The Sommelier seemed unprepared and really made no recommendations, even though I asked, other than confirming my choice of wines.. . The Gnocchi, we shared an order as an appetizer was delicious.  Light, creamy, fluffy. . . The Lardo, served with the fresh rosemary bread was delicious.. . Sides were yummy - fried Eggplant was the highlight and the roasted Beets were a real treat too.. . The sauces were lousy.  The Truffle vinaigrette, which was recommended by our waiter, was overly oily.  The Horseradish zabaione had no distinguishable flavor other than pepper.. . The steak, oh the streak.  $160 for 2.  We had the Porterhouse, described by the waiter as the be all end all of streaks.  In truth I found it tough and flavorless.  Not at all what we expected for $80 per person.  The fillet side was more tender but still lacked flavor.  Perhaps that's why they offer a choiceof so many sauces to be paired with the steak and we just ordered the wrongs ones.  The sirloin side was tough (we ordered Medium, which came like Medium Rare, which we were told by the waiter would be the case.) But dry the streak seemed, just that.  I would have been happier simply ordering the Fillet of the menu.. . In short we left, having spent $450 for 2, and feeling fleeced.
Just don't go... The steak is why your going there and its not that good, we got both the special one that is aged a really long time and the porter house to try the different steaks... Add salt . . Service great, tuna great, lobster pasta great.... But we went there for steak! And no it was not great, not good, not ok... It was cooked correctly and served beautifuly. Go try somewhere else for steak.
I was disappointed. . Went with a large group of 14. The waiter recommended family style, which is fine. We gave him carte Blanche to bring food out. . Everything was just ok.. The  high lights: just the rib eye. Absolutely positively amazing. The service - awesome.. The low lights: the grilled shrimp? So over cooked - way to dry to eat and believe it or not the foie on crostini... Simply because it wasn't a crostini at all, just a cold piece of Italian bread, not crunchy, still soft.. You couldn't cut through it. . And again everything else was just ok, . Nothing to write home about. . It just didn't live up to my expectations of a Batalli place.
I'm amazed that this is billed as a high end steakhouse.. I had the fillet over $50 which was a not so amazing hunk of meat. It was just nothing special. . . The beets with Gorgonzola (one piece of Gorgonzola is hardly enough) was so much better than the steak. . The place was freezing cold & waitress kept trying to push the cocktails.. I told her as soon as I don't need a jacket ill order one. She did nothing about it.. . Wife had a pasta side, she has a small appetite. But the waitress was annoyed and kept trying to tell her it's tine.. My wife said bring it and ill order more if needed. But she just had an attitude.. Place also had the oddest selection of music.. . If I'm paying over $150 for dinner for two I expect a nice place (it was), good service(not), ambiance(music ruined he feel of the place), and GOOD FOOD! ( over $50 for a piece they called a fillet did not meet up to the specs.. . The burrata salad was good but I've had many other of similar and better quality for a lot less in LA.. . I'd never return.
My first Batali/Bastianich experience and unfortunately it'll probably be my last. There's very little good I could find in my experience at Carnevino. First, the service was horrendous. After ordering a bottle of wine, the waiter poured us a glass, then took the bottle away from the table where we were left waiting 20-25 minutes for someone to bring it back to fill up an empty glass. We also had to ask for a basket of bread after realizingall the other tables except ours received one upon arriving. . . Food:. . Tagliatelle with Porcini Trifolati: Sauce was decent, pasta was overcooked. In a restaurant that's owned by these 2? Weird.. . Grilled Sweetbreads: Saved this place from getting 1 star. This dish was awesome. If you find yourself here and you like sweetbreads I'd highly recommend them. . . 16 oz New York Strip:  Four people at our table ordered it medium rare and they all came cooked a different way. Truly surprising and really unacceptable. One of the steaks felt and tasted like it had been sitting for at least 30 minutes. When we brought the inedible steak up to the waiter he didn't even blink when telling us we wouldn't be charged for it. The impression I got was that it happens all the time.. . In a place like Vegas where every world-class chef has at least one restaurant I would absolutely go somewhere else. I guess you could chalk my story up to "a bad night" but it really was dreadful. I expected better from Batali and Bastianich.
Dinner started pretty great with outstanding warm ciabatta, great steak tartar and arugula salad. However that's when all the greatness stopped and disappointment followed. Lamb chops we ordered were so overly covered in fat I was under the impression they forgot to trim them at all, my duck breast had skin that lacked any crispness and duck confit was so over salted it was tendered inedible. To add insult to injury all sides were extra as meat comes with nothing at all. Mashed potatoes were so bland I started thinking they came out of the instant potato pouch, however roasted beets with Gorgonzola were great. We skipped deserts after being so disappointed with our main courses and headed to Aquanox in the Venitian to satisfy our sweet tooth. I have to give credit to the management as they did not charge me for the duck and service overall was good. That's the only reason this restaurant is getting 2 stars in my book instead of one.
Overpriced for food & level of service. A lot of steakhouses in Vegas to choose from, & I've eaten at plenty...this doesn't make a top 10 list.. We were there for 2hr &15 min. Salads & entrees. I understand fine dining takes longer & appreciate why it does, but I was amazed at the slowness of our service. It was 40 minutes before our orders were taken. Waters were rarely refilled & at this price point usually there is a waiter behind you waiting to fill you up ASAP.. Filet was really good. So I'll give it 2 stars for that...but def wouldn't go back.
Carnevino is terribly overrated. Somehow people get to thinking that as long as the food is expensive and some food network chef opened it, that it has to be good, but this is such an unnatural way to think. . . Of our meal, the squid ink pasta was the highlight with a bit al dente to the noodle. But the steaks we had were terrible. We ordered the bone in filet and it was just overcooked, despite being "medium rare" and without much flavor. The portions are also very small. . . I definitely do not understand the hype and would not recommend Carnevino
We sat in the bar after work one day for dinner. My husband ordered the osso bucco and I had the Frutti di Mare. My pasta was ok, nothing special, but the osso bucco was utterly disappointing. The saffron orzo was bland and the osso bucco was dry with no sauce. For the price we were paying and the Mario Batali name, we were so underwhelmed.
Disappointing!  Mediocre steaks and icky mashed potatoes.  Also, steak knives were dull and made eating difficult.  Service was excellent but even that couldn't make up for overpriced under flavored food.
I brought a party of twelve here for a business dinner. They placed us at the most oddly shaped table in the place that didn't accommodate conversation. The steaks also had several issues as many arrived prepared incorrectly, mine included. The wine list is great but the price points are nearly double retail. Overall, very very displeased.
Our server at CarneVino was fairly rude. For a group of four we ordered two entrees, 4 appetizers/small plates, a dessert, and a couple glasses of wine  He did not seem to like the fact that we weren't all ordering 3 course meals and that we were sharing everything.  He definitely acted snooty about it.  After he realized that we weren't going to go crazy gorging ourselves on food, we were basically ignored the entire night and had to flag him down if we needed anything.  However, the bus boy, runners, and hostesses were all great.  When we finally got our bill, it stated a suggested gratuity of 20%.  No matter how awesome the service, I don't think that they should put that on the bill, let alone when you get bad service!  It's especially off putting when you're already a generous tipper to begin with.. . The food was good, but unfortunately it did not make up for the service, so I would not recommend going to this restaurant.  With all the other options in Vegas, you could definitely get great food with great service elsewhere.
Had dinner tonight, service was excellent food was lousy. The lamb chops had to be sent back 90% fat was no meat on the traps at all. Or the reserve a bone in New York steak came very dry the waiters will kindly replace both with fillets which were tasty. However, I make it better on my home real with me I buy from Cosco.. . Mild Italian should start shopping at Cosco. They sell prime beef.. . To quote my late father, "now I've been there twice. The first time, and the last time."
