What a cluster
This is the first time I have been compelled to review an airport but after reading in a clearly biased US Airways magazine that this airport won a best airport award. I couldn't help myself. This is the worst airport layout ever. Basically, it is the Pontiac Aztec of airports.
This airport was pretty cool. Until... Going through that TSA x-ray scanning and pat down! This service should have included four star dining and drinks before hand. . . Before I head back to the West Coast, I was craving for some Bojangles Chicken. Luckily I had a two hour gap before my flight. I was walking from terminal A to terminal B. I literally had walk a mile and a half to get to the only Bojangles in the airport. . . P.S. - CLT please add at least one Bojangles in each terminal. Thank you.
I'm wondering if it is even worthwhile for me to write a review of my home airport.  It's not like there's a better airport in town for me to fly out of.  I also doubt that the owner of Charlotte-Douglas Airport is going to read my review and send me an email apologizing for his business' poor service and terrible product like a restaurant owner would do.  Writing an airport review is as futile an effort as catching wind with a net, but I'm going to do it anyway.  . . Parking here is cheap and shuttle service from the various lots and garages is good.  The airport is quite clean; especially the restrooms.  To me, these are the airport's only redeeming qualities.  . . Traffic flow at the arrival and departure gates = pure misery.  . . The TSA force here is unfriendly and inefficient.  Large airports like LGA and BWI run their security efficiently and I find that the lines move much more quickly than they do with the hapless crews they have in this town.  I have to disagree with my friend Nicole W. about Checkpoint A.  Standing in this never-ending line is like eating a misery cookie that's been dipped in s#@%.  A couple months ago the line from the Delta counter nearly ran out the doors while those of us not checking bags were forced to wait in this line rather than being able to use a kiosk to print our boarding passes.  "What was wrong with the kiosks?" you ask.  One of the three was out of order, but the other two were simply out of paper.  I suppose that one of the Delta representatives sitting on his thumb behind the counter couldn't take care of it.  Par for the course at CLT.  . . The food selection here is miserable (are you sensing a trend here?).  I tend to always end up at Tequilaria, but the place smells like damp Clorox rags and fruit flies buzz around the bar.  There seem to be a lot of positive reviews about there being a Bojangles at the airport, but I can say that a Cajun chicken breast and a biscuit is not what I'm looking for when faced with the proposition of sitting in front of screaming children on a cross-country flight.  I give the food options a D-.  . . The only airports I hate more than my hometown airport are Memphis and Kansas City.  Memphis looks like a prison and Kansas City is just really weird.  Good job, Charlotte.  You take home the bronze medal in Sucking.
Easy in and out, love that part! TSA security is the worst. No help, no smiles, to slow, don't care. No preferred line.. . Generally a dirty airport (delta terminal). All the food courts are at one end of the terminal, so you have to walk from one end to the other just to get a cup of coffee or bite to eat!. . It seems that people in this airport have two speeds slow and stop! Very frustrating if your on business, if your on a golf vacation you'd probably love it!
I would give this place a 3 if the organization of the parking lots/interior was better and if there wasn't someone standing in the bathroom making me uncomfortable when I have to go to the bathroom while I'm waiting for a flight.. . For the amount of air traffic that goes through this airport, I'm disappointed. The lines for security generally take an hour to get through (more if you leave around 5ish).. . I've been avoiding flights due to the crazy bad for you radiation from the full body scanners. Maybe CLT will improve when I eventually cave and need to fly somewhere- who knows.
The airport itself has not much to complain about, to me a typical airport with 5 terminals and none particularly difficult to get to. I connected here on all my visits to the airport, so did not have to deal with security and check in counter. What I really do not like in this airport are the employees in the restroom ASKING for tips when they hand you the paper towel to dry your hand. The bathrooms are not particularly clean, just like any public bathroom with a lot of people going in and out, so it's not like these airport employees are actually actively working. I see them congregate and chat with each other, but hand someone paper towel and ask for tip. BEWARE! go to a bathroom that's not serviced by these greedy people.
I travel for business for 11years. I had my share of airports. CLT needs improvements in the drop off and pick up areas. Need to expand the roads.
I recently flew through theCharlotte airport twice and was delayed both times, so I spent a considerable amount of time there. The delays weren't the fault of the airport itself, but rather the awful service of US Airways. When I was first stuck in this airport for over 5 hours because of a delayed flight, I wanted to charge my phone. Well, I don't know why they have so few outlets, but when you find one it's like winning the lottery. People were scouring the airport everywhere looking for outlets. We happened to find one and everyone in my group just used it in turns. I even saw some people sitting in the bathroom next to an outlet charging their phones and laptops.  The outlet situation is crazy!. . I found the restaurant and food choices to be rather limited, but at least there was something. . . As we were flying back through Charlotte to catch out second flight, we had to go through immigration and customs, because we got off an international flight. As we made our way into immigration, the line wasn't super long, so many people just ducked under the ropes to avoid walking through many rows of empty lanes. These people didn't cut in front of anyone, they just wanted to avoid having to walk pointlessly through empty zig zag after empty zig zag of the line. There was a very angry woman who came running and yelled at everyone. She made them all get back out of lines and walk to the end. She then forced them to walk through each empty section of the line. They actually ended up in the EXACT position, since they hadn't skipped in front of anyone anyway.  This lady was crazy. She was all the talk in the Immigration line. She was definitely channeling Nurse Ratched (One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest). We had hoped to get through immigration quickly as the line wasn't super long, but we were wrong. The immigration officers were awfully chatty and there weren't many of them. So, it took an exceptionally long time compared to the length of the line. Customs went much more quickly. . . In the future, I will avoid going through this airport, but if I have to be there, I'm bringing a lawn chair for the immigration lines and a power strip to share outlets with others.
Hate hate hate flying... but being from Portland, OR where my family is from I fly here and there a couple times a year. Charlotte... could suck less but there are some things they are doing ok. . . It is not really that hard to find  your way around but one of my big pet peaves is lots of displays and things like carts getting in the way of rushing to a terminal. Some of the walkways seem narrow  but that could be just me. Hate security here. I had one flight where I got delayed over night (at the airport for about 16hours) and the only thing I got was a t-shirt and some tooth hygiene things. Luckily a sweet lady who was one of those star partners(?) got me a alternative flight that got me home faster than the delayed plane would have.. . Besides all that at least CLT isn't Atlanta or Newark!
An international hub airport with that regional airport feel.  Take from that what you will.
Luggage took FOREVER to get.  Must have been standing there for at least 30 minutes.  Doh!
@ Charlotte and ready for boarding!!
my reasoning of giving this airport 2 stars is only because its reallllly outdated, and im so used to SJC being so modern nice, and clean that i'm biased. there's 3 separate security check in lines which is great, but they're sure darn slow! only one person checking ID's and tickets. takes forever and a day without that 2nd person. not a whole lot of food choices as well, and their gift shops are very limited.
For some reason, I found this airport to be kind of depressing.  The fact that I arrived here after a red-eye from Phoenix didn't help make it any less depressing.  Compared to other really nice airports I have been to (Phoenix Sky Harbor, LAX, Detroit...), the rugs and chairs and pretty much everything at Charlotte-Douglas International seemed kind of old.  Perhaps it was just the particular terminal I was in (USAirways...never flying with them again, but that's another story), and maybe the rest of the airport isn't quite so bad.  I've only been here once, so I wouldn't know.. . But still, it's an airport.  It's meant to be a place to board and disembark from planes.  And it suits that purpose just fine, but I prefer airports that are nice to wander around at during a layover  This one isn't.
I connected through CLT on a recent trip. I have to say, as a former resident of the Charlotte area, and after experiencing the ease of my home airport (Dallas-Fort Worth Int'l), this airport could be so much better.. . It seems that CLT just keeps building on to itself and is making itself bigger and stretched so far that it is now a chore to have a connecting flight there.
(2.75 stars)  Charlotte-Douglas may be my favorite large airport in the Eastern US.  The arrangement of terminals is easy to maneuver, while the terminals themselves are well-lit and airy.  There are many dining and drinking options, and cool rocking chairs.  The gate waiting areas are too small, but there are better areas to wait.  The car rental experience is on-site and efficient.  TSA Security at Charlotte-Douglas seems to be able to expand during busy periods, and hasn't caused me any issues in dozens of flights.  While not close to downtown, getting to the airport (or from airport to city) has always been smooth.  The information booth folks are actually helpful; quite a change if you're arriving from Miami or NY/JFK.  A very late arriving flight once caused me to miss a connection and on that particular night finding a nearby motel was pretty easy.
Very outdated, and super crowded. It is nearly impossible to walk in a straight line, and there is not nearly enough seating in the concourse.. . Boarding was very chaotic, as there was really no where to stand or line up without getting in everyone else's  way.
This airport is just kinda weird. I went to the Caribbean via US Air and had to transfer here twice. The first time I was able to sneak onto the early flight in the adjacent gate, so I didn't spend much time here. The second time though, I had a 3 hour layover, so I was able to do some wandering.. . Customs and Immigration was about average in terms of time and service. When I got through, I had to go through security again. This was the main weird part for me. There was a VERY high tech security scanning system that was not your typical metal detector. You have to stand and turn and then they scan you. JFK is my main airport, and nothing there even comes close to the CIA system in place here. And it's safe to say JFK has a much higher demand for an elaborate security system than CDT. . . My next complaint was that the result of this security system, the line moved verrrryyyyyy slowwwwly. It was not streamlined at all, and it took much longer than necessary because the employees were just really laid back and not in any rush. This didn't affect me because I'm a lunatic who leaves exorbitant amounts of time in between airline connections, but it IS a US Air hub and some people need to make their connections! Pick up the pace guys!. . Once I got through, there was a nice central atrium with Adirondack chairs and then dated low-ceilinged hubs with generic seating areas. The central atrium was actually pleasant to spend some time in. As far as food goes, there was typical stuff, but also a Papa John's. It's nice to not have to rely on Sbarro and Famous Famiglia, and my Papa John's was pretty tasty. If I wasn't traveling alone, I probably would have chosen the tequila driven Tex Mex place too, which had a bar and some tables.
The two stars are bonus points, but it gets the basics wrong.. . pro: . - Bright, airy. - I never need to walk miles to get to the terminal . - Very cool statues greet people to the Queen City, those always put a smile on my face. . . cons: . - No restaurants or bars available to hang out with family and friends and wait for the (often delayed) departing flight. That's a deal breaker for me. Security checks are here to stay, do something about it. . . - TSA agents are often rude and overly aggressive. Yes, compared to other big cities. . . - Employing bathroom attendants, News Break: hello, the fifties are over! . . - Not enough airlines service Charlotte or compete for its business. . . - Not enough direct flights in or out. Unless I want to make the trip 4 hours longer that need be, the only direct flights to London are with USfreakingAirways. For a wannabe INTERNATIONAL HUB that's not too famous.
Long term parking lot was way over crowded. They have at least two but only one was open. Why? People were having to park on the curbs because no parking places were open. Plus, the shuttle bus was way over crowded and hot. Clearly they are not set up to handle the volume of traffic at the airport.  . . My wife and I try to always choose the security checkpoint lines with the metal detectors instead of the naked body scanners. But we were directed by the TSA folsk into a line where only the naked body scanner was being used. So we opted out, which meant that we had to wait for a pat down. And wait. And wait. I don't know what the delay was but it was ridiculous how long we had to wait. . . Once we were through the TSA nightmare, our experience in the airport wasn't too bad. There's lots of space at the airport so even though it's busy, you don't feel like you're in chaos. . . Free wifi worked very well. . . I would give them 3 stars except for the parking / shuttle buss situation. That's serious for me because I hate starting out a trip hot and sweaty which is exactly how I got on the over crowded shuttle bus.
This is my first time being at the Charlotte Airport and I had heard stories that it was big, and yes it was.  What I didn't hear about was how congested it gets once inside.  Let's start from the beginning....I made a trek from South Carolina to Charlotte Airport and I ended up noticing  that there aren't many gas stations on the way to fill up.  I ended up finding a tiny gas station that did the trick.  Thank goodness.  I ended up driving back to the Hertz lot and dropping off my car.  The rental buses are relatively quick but the guy that was DRIVING -- SUCK!  Let me make that clear - HE SUCKKKKEDDD!!!  I clearly am not the type to ask too much from anyone so when I ask you very nicely and say 'Can you please help me get this into the bus?' and you just look at me like I'm crazy I seriously contemplate throwing my cell phone at you (not that I'm violent).  It's not that it was so heavy, it was more so that I had my work stuff, my purse, and the suitcase.  I was going to do the majority of the lifting, I just needed an ounce of strength. So naturally, he didn't want to help so I took my sweet time -- holding everyone else up because this idiot didn't think that the faster I could get this woman in and out the faster these people can get to the airport.  Anyways,  we get finally get to the terminal and just because I was annoyed I waited until everyone was out to see if the driver was going to at least ATTEMPT to ask me if I needed help.  Nope he didn't, so naturally I just stood there and looked at him and he decided to get my bag (as well he should).  **Caveat** The way he was struggling with that bag made me think his weak a** could've used more bag lifting to get some more strength in his arms.  Moving on...... . The US Airways terminal was packed as usual, I expect no less.  I'm a United flyer and have always, always dreaded flying US Airways but I had no choice.  I gritted my teeth and checked my bag.  I prayed that I would get there at the same time my bag did.  Going through security was ridiculous -- I have status -- and it was still ridiculous.  I was even told by one of the TSA gate agents multiple times to make sure I'm an "Elite" passenger.  Little did she know I know what the hell I'm doing.  I've only been traveling all of my life.  What she should've been doing is assisting those SAME people that kept walking through the metal detector with BELTS and COINS in their pockets.  My security episode was only 30 minutes -- 15 minutes longer then it should've been.  I get through security and notice the tight space of this terminal.  I just don't understand why this place is so tight and I realize there is NO SPACE to move around.  Annoyed I see the Chili's and want the strongest drink they have.  I was really excited to see that the waitress felt my pain and told me she would help me out that day.  I had a little burger and a few strong drinks and tipped her quite well!!  I was surprised US Airways boarded the plane ON TIME!  First for EVERYTHING!  There are a few things I do NOT like about US Airways but I won't share them on this post since we're only talking about CLT.  . . Bottom line:  CLT can use some work just with overall efficiency.  TSA Agents could do themselves a favor and not nag the hell out of people in the security lines and focus on those ones that seem to be holding up the line.  Between Charlotte and RDU -- I'll take RDU.
For some reason I always have to connect between terminal E and terminal A. As a hub it's pretty busy so hoof it to your next gate!
It was a pass through. When I stopped by, it was pretty crowded and there was a dearth of outlets
Weird airport setup. Not really a fan.
I hate hate hate hate hate this airport, because I hate US Air.  The airport's atrium nearly saves it, but then it all falls apart on the way in and out.. . Pros:. +  This place is big, plenty of services from a modern wine bar to coffeeshops and retail locations.  Even a sushi bar and piano player.. +  The layout is pretty simple, and they try to keep it pleasant, they even have rocking chairs.. + Clean and spacious. + Free WiFi that's actually pretty decent.. . Cons:. - US Air hub... I get delayed every single time... occasionally I get cancelled.. - All of the nice things I just mentioned in the Pros go away the moment you walk into the wings.  Gotta love a dilapidated Sbarros or chicken chain. . - This all goes to the h - e - double hockey sticks when you try to leave.  The bus and taxi area is a completely insane clusterexplative.  I can't even understand what is happening with this, or why I'm standing in the wrong spot every time I try to reach the parking lot or the hotel.  Signage would help.. . The atrium makes me want to like CLT, but the everything outside of the main area only serves to remind me I'm working around US Air.  This airport could be better, but even the free wifi can't help.  Maybe if they can refurbish the wings, it can get to 3 stars.
Not a terrible experience but not an amazing one. I like LAX as my favorite airport. The wifi is speedy and sso are the check ins. San Deigo has a good airport. I didn't check in so I have never waited in line at TSA. I have had this as a stop over ALOT because I've flown US airways a million times. . . Its wifi its spotty. It restaurants are over prices for a state that ends in Carolina. Also no place to plug in devices like Phoenix, Salt Lake, and LA. And the seats are CERTAINLY not designed for sleeping. . . Ehh.. okay I guess i can't rank the full experience but I assume it never get really busy. for check in and security.
Charlotte Airport is the pits!  Here's why:. . MAZE - this spot is huge and an absolute maze.  I was flying back on an already 2-hr delayed flight and had to clear customs, recheck a bag, reenter security, and run to terminal B all in 30 minutes.  The international bag pick-up is sluggish and it is actually difficult to find the right exit.  On top of that, customs to baggage claim to security to gate is unreasonably spread out.  I made it with ONE minute to spare because the system was so slow.  . . SERVICE - the workers are bleak and trudge along as if travelers are not in a hurry, which is not pleasant. . DELAYS - When I was growing up, my main airport was always timely.  Whenever there was a delay, the plane was coming from Charlotte.  This is a well-established pattern, as I fly ~5 times per year.  Additionally, Charlotte air traffic control must be running on poor technology, because the taxi wait is always long as is the landing.. . You should know I was flying US Airways, so that adds to my negatively driven situation.
I really really hate this airport. It is always a bitch flying in and out of it. Not to mention that 2 out of the 4 times I've flown through and had a connecting flight, they've lost my bag during the transfer from one plane to the next including my returning from Dublin. Trust me, when you've been flying 12 hours and have two connections before reaching your final destination, the last thing you want to worry about is if your bag is going to be there when you arrive. This indeed happened, and I didn't get my bag for 3 days. That was a mess since I had been living in another country for six months and everything in there was all I'd had. . . I try to avoid Charlotte airport at all costs unless it is my absolute final destination which has yet to ever be the case.
I always seem to get placed on the complete opposite end of the airport, when making connections, and have less than 40 minutes to get where I need to go.  As usual, the moving walkways aren't working either.  Places to charge you device?  Nope.  You'd think with the volume of flights CLT has, they would be better prepared, but I guess not.
The food options are spread out, expensive, and impersonal.  The service at US Airways is impolite, and the entire experience is stressful.  This used to be my favorite airport, but now I find it nothing but a hassle.
This airport is not the best. Very little seating, fights for any outlet anyone can find to charge their device and a wheel layout which means a long walk between the A through F gate areas makes it less than fun to connect through. The amount of daily traffic chokes the place's HVAC system as well. With all of the seating next to the windows that makes the place a barn-scented sauna during peak travel times. . . The good; a decent tapas restaurant in the main eating area. . . The bad; this place needs to be renovated to handle the amount of traffic it is currently getting as flights are shifted to smaller regional planes.
It's an airport.  It is not near the top of my favorites.
Horrible. Awful. Worst US airport ever!. . Ladies bring your dollars. No your not going to the strip club, but you might feel like it. Especially if you have to go to the bathroom in Charlotte Douglas Airport where they have bathroom attendants. Personally I want to wash my hands in peace and not listen to someone call me "honey" or "sweety" or ask me for money. Further more I don't want to have to scurry out hoping to go unnoticed and feel guilty, like I'm doing something wrong. No I don't want to pay you money for doing your job. . . On top of the awkwardness of the bathroom, you better hope to god that you don't have to get any food here. The people at any and all of the food stations must hate this place as much as I do, smiles are few and far between. . . My final piece of advice, wear comfortable shoes and stay alert. You will be walking long distances during layovers and during that time are in danger of getting run over by the many carts that are zooming by. I guess most people have a hard time making their connector here, no wonder!
I was only here for about an hour during a layover so I can't really speak for the whole airport but during my short visit I wasn't too impressed. My flight from Tampa let out right near the gate of my connecting flight, which was great and convenient. I ran to the restroom, which was very crowded but understandable. I went into the only open stall, and noticed right away that the post on the back of the door to hang your bags/purses was broken. I had my carry-on bag with me, which is a big cross-body bag that holds my laptop, tablet, phone, etc. So I had to awkwardly hold it on my lap while I did my business, instead of just hanging it up like in most restrooms, especially those at airports. . . However the most annoying thing about this airport was that the gates and seating areas were crammed into little corners. Not only making it hard to find a spot to wait, but it was almost impossible to hear them call your flight for boarding since many flights were departing around the same time, lines formed and it was just an absolute mess. The trash cans I saw in the seating area were also overflowing. People tried to throw out plastic cups and the like before their flight and at one point some of it just toppled onto the ground. Overall the experience was unpleasant, I've been to much better airports.
This airport needs a train like Atlanta.
Flown in twice now.  The traffic pattern system for incoming and outgoing jets is a nightmare!  Access to outer runways is practically through the center of the inner runway, so each jet has to wait until runway is clear before crossing.  Even worst, whomever is managing tarmac coordination on Sundays and Wednesdays sucks! Be prepared to be sitting on the tarmac for minimum 45min after gate pushback before plane takes off.. . I've gotten out of ORD and PHL lot faster than this airport.
This may totally be TMI but what public restroom of such an institution doesn't have toilet covers?? I'm already dodging people in the airport, I don't want to be bumping or touching or having any contact with them to THAT level either with germy toilets.  It would have been alright had the toilet paper not become tiny inch shreds when one attempted to take some.. . In the terminals themselves where the gates are, there isn't much of a variety of food. Only fast food and the "healthy" deli with sad refrigerated premade salads and sandwiches. I had trouble finding a seat since most had trash or were dirty.. Didn't go but based on the map, the main concourse is the place to be based on shops.. . Redeeming factor: flight (US Airways) was not only on time but 25 minutes early to my destination!
There are a good selection of places to eat. Nice lobby
This is the most outdated and dingy major city airport I've ever seen. I was shocked that such a large beautiful and clean city has this to offer as it's first and last impression. CLT is begging for a major renovation!. . The location, however, is stellar. A super short jaunt to the metro area. They also have a Cinnabon and that counts for a lot in my book.
My problem here is that I expect better. The Charlotte Douglas airport is one that I sort of dread in that it is so close to RDU that it seems like a complete waste of my time to be there in the first place. It is only about a 30 min flight to and from RDU so I am already frustrated when I arrive. I'll give you that. However, when I have a layover in Charlotte, which there are almost always delays and some issue, I find myself wishing there were more opportunities for shopping, better areas for lounging and hanging out, and better food options. Where is the fresh food for goodness sake? I spent 45 minutes of my 3 hour layover walking around, looking for something that did not look scary to eat. Then, when I sit down, everything is a sticky mess. . . It is pretty easy to maneuver and it's not so large that time is a nightmare. I have never had to go through security here as I have never flown in our out initially, only had layovers so I cannot speak for that experience. . . I hope to have a good experience here one day. I see from other yelp reviews that it exists, I just haven't had one yet.
Not a fan at all.  . . Although the place is bright and clean I found the airport staff to be extremely unfriendly.. . The bathroom attendents are sort of weird too.
