Don't order any seafood from this place.. . My girlfriend's fish was bland and tasted fishy.. My escargot was rubbery and flavorless.  And the Piece de resistance was my Mussel in white wine broth.  The mussels were spoiled or something because it tasted putrid.  Maybe one of them was spoiled, and the flavor got into the rest, whatever the case it was horrible.. . That's what I get for ordering seafood in the middle of the desert... never again.. . They get 2 stars for their bread and their outdoor seating.
I hate writing reviews about Strip restaurants because I'm just 1 out of a 1000 reviews. But I felt strongly enough about my last visit to waste some time venting here. . . 7:30am on a brisk Saturday morning, I found myself crossing town on the way home from a night of a carousing. As I've been known to do on such nights, I decided it would be a fine time to indulge in a nice breakfast. Being that the weather was particularly tolerable for February, I decided to bask in it & dine on the patio at Mon Ami Gabi. I've enjoyed my similar visits in the past. Sure, the food isn't as good as Bouchon, but while it's not cheap, it's not quite as expensive, and the smoking-friendly patio has been enough to make up for any culinary shortcomings. So what happens when you disturb that equation? As it turns out, those pluses aren't strong enough to carry the place.. . There were two things in particular that chapped my ass. Firstly, there was the construction team out working or surveying or whatever on the patio. I got there pretty close to opening, and hey, the works gotta get done sometime. But the incessant pacing back & forth, discussion, and ladder-arranging turned out to be disturbing enough to aggravate my otherwise saintly patience. Being that I'm such a nice guy, by the time I'd had enough the place started filling up, so the construction team was forced out by necessity, so I never had to speak up. I was distracted enough by everything that I didn't notice how filthy my water glass was. I'm not the kind of guy to bitch about things like that, but it was bad enough that I didn't feel out of place for asking for another glass. I explained what happened to the waiter, and he quickly replaced my glass. I continued on with my meal, and as I was done I picked up my water to find that the new one was just as bad as the first. Now, you would think that when someone - right or wrong - brings up a complaint like that the staff would spend the extra 30 seconds it would take to find the shiniest glass in the rack. Not at Mon Ami Gabi! By this point I was done eating, so I decided to just mention it to the waitress when she asked how everything was. Well, that opportunity never presented itself (which is a problem unto itself in my opinion). . . Am I nitpicking? Maybe. But Mon Ami Gabi is by no means cheap, and their food is not so spectacular that it makes up for everything else. And sure, breakfast is considered a "lesser" meal at places like this, but that doesn't mean they get a pass on anything that happens before noon. A year ago this would've given them a 4 star review. Maybe I'll try again and see if I caught them on an off day.
I have come to the conclusion that not one single restaurant in Paris Hotel Casino Resort is edible.  Not the cafe(s), nor the buffet, and now add Mon Ami Gabi to the list.  . . I've been staying at this hotel/casino for 5 days (Thanks for the Comp Red Room, Paris!).  Our last night here so I thought I'd give this place a try.  I was hugely disappointed at my meal.  We were seated in the 'Atrium Room' with direct view of Bellagio Fountain.  Yes, it was nice but I came here for the food.  There is a door opened out to the outdoor seating area and the constant chill wind which cools the food very fast was not 'cool'.  . . The Jumbo Lump Crab Cake (celery root remoulade, gribiche sauce) was really average.  I'm glad it was grilled and not deep fried. . . The Butter Lettuce & Honey Apple Crisp Salad (roasted beets, aged goat cheese, apple cider vinaigrette)  was also forgettable.  I could barely taste the dressing.  . . The Roast Chicken & Frites ( all-natural roasted half chicken, mushrooms, bacon, pearl onions) - oh pleeeaaasssee!  Costco's Rotisserie chicken had more flavor than this.  It was dry and tasteless!. . The Filet Mignon (merlot butter, red wine reduction) which is their signature dish and you would think it should stand out!  First of all, I ordered it medium and it came as medium rare.  The sauce was supposed to be merlot butter but it was so bland that I had to add quite a bit of salt and pepper to flavor it.  But after about 3 bites, I had to trade it with my fiance for his Roast Chicken which was even worse!  . . And those FRITES, what the hell were those?  String potato chips?  You could have served it with FRENCH fries and that would have been better.  . . Service was friendly but I wouldn't say it was attentive.  The waiter was more interested in talking to his fellow servers than to his guests.  . . It's food like this that reminds me of why I don't care for French restaurants!
I don't know what the appeal of this place is..it has almost 900 reviews    ( at the time of me writing this review)...and a four star rating...and it was such a disappointment. I think people that eat here mainly go to eat out on the terrace and people-watch. Sole redeeming factor- great fries.
I reserved a long time in advance for a friend's birthday.  We requested a table in a quiet section and this wish was granted.  The service was ok.  The decor is nice.  It is a bit loud and crowded.  The food was ordinary.  I was expecting better.
Bad food at a beautiful location. Lesson learned, sit on the patio or go elsewhere. We made the mistake of coming here for the brunch food, which was on par with Denny's.. . It was a 45 minute wait for a table outside on a Saturday at 11am so we sat inside instead. We were seated near the entrance. The dining room was too dark. The tables were way too close together, other diners stepped all over us trying to sit down, and we didn't want to hear their NASCAR and Budweiser conversation.. . Our waiter took our orders, served our food, and checked once to make sure everything was okay. Other than that, he was completely forgettable. Oh, except that he corrected wifey's pronunciation of crepe as "crape". *POP* goes the sound of the pretend-we're-in-Paris bubble.. . Our main complaint was the food, it was uniformly bad.. . The crepe was served floating in a grainy bechamel sauce that tasted like raw flour and pretty much ruined it.. . The Croque Madame egg was overcooked (no runny yolk), cheese was congealed, and toast was dry.. . Our brunch came with a generous serving of french fries so thin they were nearly potato chips, and they were pretty tasty.. . The make-your-own Bloody Mary bar is genius and delicious, there's tons of fresh and pickled veggies, different stuffed olives, and different hot sauces to choose from. I would have liked a larger glass to get more good stuff in there, 1 shot of vodka and some ice filled half the glass. There was hardly any room to put all the goodies in. I did love that you can choose any vodka (goose please!).
I would only come back here for the French onion soup wich was a big portion and not too salty.  I love Mac n Cheese and is always a must order, but not from here it tasted like something from out of a box.  The ambiance was nice and the patio next to the outdoor seating is a nice place to have lunch.  Cant say nothing else for the food it was just eehh.
I have eaten here about a half-dozen times. Once on New Years' eve in order to see the fireworks from the patio.. . The view from the patio is awesome! Across from the Bellagio and it's dancing fountains. Quintessential Las Vegas views down the boulevard in either direction. The patio of Mon Ami Gabi is truly the epicenter of Las Vegas.. . The decor is that of a Parisian French bistro one would find on the holodeck of the Starship Enterprise. Almost too perfect. But certainly very nice.. . The service was also very good. No real complaints.. . So why two stars? Because the food SUCKS and they know it. And they don't care.. . But the view from the patio at night is so compelling. It is worth the mediocre food. It really is. But gee, this place could be SO much more. So as a restaurant it gets 2 stars. But for a one-time reasonably priced dinner for a tourist, that patio view is worth the price of admission.
The food here is wonderful. My friends and I arranged a set menu for our group of ten and everything was delicious. The people we spoke to before arriving were very nice and seemingly helpful... until we got to the restaurant and were told that it was "policy" that we could not do what we had been told twice before we could. (We were told that a couple of our group could go early to the restaurant and put our parties name down for the patio and then wait for the rest of our group to come at the reserved time). This type of customer service does a disservice to a restaurant that normally would have rated a 5 stars. Either tell your customers that something is not possible up front, or allow for special situations when they arise and be flexible. .      It was not the way we wanted to start our dining experience.
My bf and I had brunch here last Friday morning after arriving to Las Vegas from San Francisco.  We chose this place because of all the good reviews here, but we were definitely not impressed at all.  The food was mediocre but definitely compares to Denny's status with a marked up price.  The presentation wasn't even that great.  I had the ham and cheese omlette and my bf had the mushroom omlette and added chicken, which was very dry.  The ham on my omlette wasn't even "fancy" ham it's regular sandwich had from the grocery store.  The omlette menu was very simple and not a lot of options.  On a good note the hashbrowns were good and I might go back and try the crepes maybe that's there best dish.
I thought the service was HORRIBLE! It was rude, the wait was long nothing good to say about the service. The food was average. The atmosphere is great though.
Went to Mon Ami Gabi for the first time to celebrate our wedding anniversary with friends. We booked the table on opentable.com a few days before with a note about the celebration. They dont care, not even a congratulatory message. Got the table on the patio we requested, the view was awesome. Bellagio is right across from the restaurant so we can even see the fountain while eating. The restaurant got really busy right around 7:45-8pm on a Saturday night. . . We ordered some frites, soup of the day, sea scallops, pork chop, steelhead (their special that night).  However, there was something wrong with the server. He was not all quite there, twitching, blinking, stuttering, bumping into the backs of our chairs, etc. We received our frites and entrees not long after we placed the order; however, the soup never showed up. We asked the server about it and he was so confused. So we just cancelled the soup as we didn't want to wait.  . . Food was okay, nothing special. The frites and scallops were so salty even though they were cooked pretty well. The frites also looked and tasted like the scraps left at the bottom of the pan, brown, over fried crumbs.  The excessive amount of salt totally ruined the dishes. Steelhead was tasty, but we realized that it's 28 bucks when we got the check. It's pretty costly compared to most of the entrees on the menu (average $19-$24). . . Definitely not worth going back again for the food and service. For the view? Maybe. How disappointing!
Well first off, walking up and seeing an exorbitant line gave me the idea that the place was some awesome steak house. Boy was I wrong... . Came here with the parents and sat down a little bit after our reservation time, no big deal. The server Martan(?) was alright as he recommended a good wine for the table. Anyways, the hot baguette and pickled carrots were an alright starter. Then came the appetizer; the baked cheese (don't ask why the father thought it would be good). The baked cheese tasted more like a bowl of spaghetti o's sauce accompanied by a piece of pesto covered bread, ick. .      Then came the entrees; I ordered the steak bordelaise which came with scrapped french fries which were probably the best part of my experience at mon ami gabi. The first couple bites of my steak were alright, as i ordered it medium, expecting it to be as so throughout, boy was I wrong (again). 2 bites through, I started noticing it was nearly impossible to cut through the steak, much less chew it, without feeling like it was about to fly away off the plate at 100 miles per hour. What I was left with was a mangled piece of tendon, and 2 half chewed rubbery pieces of meat that I couldnt muster up the courage to swallow. Bottom line, this place charges above average prices for below average food, but if you like good bread and french fries, come here I guess. You wont see me here again... for 60 bucks a head I'll wait to head to L'entrecote when I'm in London next.
I consider this a touristy place that is French food for Americans. A real french restaurant would serve duck. I would compare it to a Cheesecake Factory where you receive a buzzer when your table is ready except that you get warm french bread served at your table. I wouldn't go back here again. If you want a more intimate experience, go to Joel Rubichon or Guy Savoy where you'll get better quality food.
So disappointed.  There were five hostesses standing around as we showed up ten minutes early for our lunch reservation,. We were seated about 12 minutes after our requested time.  Once seated we waited forever for a server.  The entire experience was just SLOW.  My meal was just average, the salad was overdressed and we had to ask for water and more drinks.. . I was glad I did not suggest this restaurant since everyone in our group was let down
Maybe I came on a bad day, but service was not up to par in comparison to all the other strip restaurants. The best part I could say I had was probably the complimentary baguette that was given in the beginning of our dinner. . . Our server took a while, but we were patient. I saw a sandwich from afar and asked her what kind it is and where one could find it on the menu. We missed the lunch menu but she said she would make an exception for me and order it. Turns out, it was a steak sandwich and I didn't feel like eating steak and asked for chicken instead. Grilled chicken breast with brie cheese and tangy granny smith apples. Sounds great right? It should be! Problem was, I had too much bread going on in my sandwich. Or not enough filler in between my bread. . . My eating companion got the classic steak and frites. He has had his fair share of French cuisine and stated he definitely had better, but it was decent. . . All in all, not sure if I would come back here next time I visit Vegas.
Read the reviews and was intrigued. WAnted to go someplace nice but not over the top. . . Made reservations for 9 on a Saturday night. Arrived to a small line. Told her about our reservation. She robotically told us to go to the other line. Once I was in the fro.nt of the second line, another hostess gave me one of those square light filled waiting thing. Felt kinda like chili's. All hostesses seemed overworked and none really smiled. It seemed they were all overwhelmed students doing this for the first time.  eventually a hostess led us to our table. Asked her how her day went and she said it was busy. I thought to myself, but it's sat in Vegas. Is this something new?. . Upon entering, you see well decorated interior. Everything in the place screams Paris sophistication. Dimly lit amber chandeliers hang from the vaulted ceilings. Decorative windows w colored cutouts. Marble tables. The place looks like a million bucks. Decor is a comfortable elegance. Everything is beautiful yet approachable. Perfect for a romantic dinner.. . I ordered the special of the night, prime rib served w potatoes au gratin and sting beans. CJ ordered the seafood platter. A combination of lobster, oysters, shrimp, tuna tartar and seaweed salad. Food came relatively quickly. Was all as expected. Taste was ok. 3/5. Which was a little disappointing considering the ambiance. Platter was also $24/person minimum 2. Considering, it was very little food for the price. Was more ice than anything else.. . Wait staff was also peculiar. Waiter walks by. Makes eye contact. Then continues walking by. 10 minutes later he turns out to be the waiter. Now at chili's a chain restaurant, they would have typically said "I'll be right back", or otherwise indicate they were our waiter.  He was cordial and informative though. Food as said came out as ordered. But minutes later he is refilling our water. After a round or two, a bus boy finally starts refilling our water and removing plates. Overall the feel is poor staff training and disorganization. This place has one of the best locations across from the Bellagio fountains.. . Overall, great ambiance but food and service like a national chain restaurant. A shame because this place could be so much more. save yourself money and have drinks or dessert here
Ummmm Pretty sure I have food poisoning.  We ate here today for the first time. The bread was rock hard and gave me a huge stomach ache.  I ordered some chicken dish for $18 which was worth about $4.95.  It was completely pounded out  to like the size of a phone book and less than a half inch thick.  In fact so was the steak. Very unpleasing to the eye, and the taste of everything was just all over LAMe-o.  Will not be going back.
I have eaten here many times and the food is always good and today was no exception; however, the front of the house leaves a lot to be desired.  We had a reservation for the outside patio and upon arrival were told they don't reserve outside tables.  We were told in an abrupt and negative manner that we'd have to go back outside and put our name in at the end of the list of walk ins if we wanted a table outside.  Also, most of our party had arrived and they rudely refused to seat us and promptly gave our table away.  We could understand that policy, but it would have been much nicer had they offered us a seat in the bar while we waited.  There were 5 women working the hostess desks and they were all equally abrupt and inconsiderate.  This lack of friendly service pretty much ruined our experience.
i'm a bit disappointed with this restaurant, but perhaps my expectations were set a little too high.  First of all, don't let them trick you into thinking the last three salads are entree sizes.  I asked them about the seared ahi tuna salad size and they said it was entree size.  What I received was about 4 slices of seared tuna and maybe about 10 bites of greens.  Boy, did I need another "entree"  or maybe it was the wicked spoon buffet that stretched out my tummy.  I also ordered warm chicken with brie with french fries.  Their french fries were thin almost like chips rather than french fries, which I was disappointed with.  The sandwich was good but needed more chicken so that the sides can have more than  just bread and onions.  Seriously, for $13 they should be able to put a bit more chicken.  The steak frite was not bad but not great either.
The snails and bread were good otherwise don't eat dinner here.  Slimy undercooked farmed salmon and greasy cheesy pasta.  No one at our table liked the various other entrees. Great view of the strip though!
OK, I admit I'm attracted to any restaurant styling itself a French Bistro, let alone at the Paris in Las Vegas. And when I'm famished, I go directly for my favorite French comfort food -- Steak Frites! Hence my visit to Mon Ami Gabi this week, where I took little note of anything else on the menu and ordered this house specialty.. . At MAG, the signature "Steak + Frites" bears little resemblance to its ubiquitous French namesake, as it's a pounded, "triple tenderized" paillard of sirloin covering most of a steak platter and topped with crisp fried ribbons of potato that were difficult to eat gracefully. Amazingly, the chef managed to flash grill it to my specified "rare", but my steak knife really got a workout with the sinews throughout the meat. There was a tasty "amuse bouche" to start (with an extra serving offered by my stellar server Missy), a delicious mini-baguette that would delight most and a very nice wine list by both the glass and bottle.. . The patio would always be my choice for dining here, weather permitting, and it's heated in season. With its view of Bellagio's Dancing Waters complete with audible music, this is a good spot for an enjoyable Las Vegas evening meal, but if I were you, I'd order something else. Most around me did and seemed to enjoy their choices. Bon Appetit.
Im typically a big fan of Mon Ami Gabi.. Been here several times but this last experience kind of left a bad and sickening taste in my mouth. . To start our waiter was very stand-offish... It was very odd. Usually at nice restaurants you receive above adequate service. I have actually had better service at my local IHOP that I received that night. Which was a complete and total bummer.. Unfortunately this isnt even the worse event of the evening. . So, they're having a special that consisted ofbacon wrapped sea bass. They had me at sea bass and put the cherry on top with bacon. Half way through my fish I notice that the middle of the sea bass steak is actually completely UNCOOKED! . At first I think i'm imagining things so I have my dining mates look and sure enough.. uncooked! and not a small amount but a pretty substantial portion of meat. . I call my waiter over and he does take it back and has the chef finish cooking it but It was all too much for me. . Im not sure when I will be back. Whats most disappointing is that I KNOW the service and food quality MAG is capable of.
Someone shoot me next time I try to come here.  I don't know why I come back here.  The only saving grace is the service.  Food sucks. The steaks have been flattened by a bus so it's pretty much impossible to have it cooked any way but well done.  The noise level is ridiculous.  I was literally shivering eating dinner, it's so cold.  I guess they have to keep it so cold so they can cool down the outside seating area (and the rest of Las Vegas.). In a word -- sucks.
I was a bit disappointed. We waited about 20 minutes for patio seating for 2, which ended up being indoor seating because I got inpatient and hungry. Why would you give us the option after we were standing in line for so long, it should have just been a check in point. Oh well, so we waited another 10 minutes on top of that to be seated in the isle way, right between indoor and outdoor, I sat in the booth part and my bf sat in the chair right in the walkway of all the servers. As soon as the next table over sat down I was so squished, no place to put my purse and his backpack, not comfortable at all. The lighting was horrible, one minute it would be super bright from the sun outside and the next super dark with the cloud cover and dim indoor lighting. Service lacked, the 3 servers were in earshot as they tried to pass our table among themselves, really?... You're like 3 ft away from me and you're at work. Food wasn't that great, although our apps were yummy smoked salmon and pate, entrees were covered in sauce and bland, after half of my meal I felt a little sick of it. I knew I should have just gotten the soup, oh well. I'll skip this place next time.
this is hard to write since this is where we ALWAYS go for good food and beautiful ambience.  first, the ambience...wonderful setting.  We either sit on the patio or in the glass enclosed conservatory because on the hour and half hour, the fountains of Bellagio give a great show.. You truly feel as if you are in Paris in the restaurant.   Next, the food.... I ordered mussels.  Now, I love mussels.  Have eaten them whenever I see them on a menu.  these mussels were the FIRST time they weren't cleaned properly.  I ordered the half portion and about half of them still had the "beard" (that hairy little leg) on them ...that's a MUST to get rid of.  disgusting.  I showed them to the waiter who said nothing.  a good waiter would have suggested a replacement or taken it off our bill and I should have complained more  but, we will still go back to Mon Ami Gabi but next time I will only order the cheese plate!
We decided to check out this restaurant because a.) It got good reviews on here and b.) They offer a (meager) gluten free selection. While my food wasn't bad per sey, I could imagine having had a better omelet at Denny's. My bf's gluten free eggs Benedict was also seemingly sub-par in the flavor department. . . Even taking into account the taste discrepancies between regular and gluten free items, I didn't feel like this breakfast lived up to the hype. . . I could however imagine their dinner fare is a bit better - the green beans that came with my omelet were the best part of the meal :). . Service was excellent - friendly and efficient.
So I only had dinner here, can't say anything about what lunch is like.  For dinner I ordered the french onion soup, the beef bourguignon, and the apple tarte tatin.  I was amazed at how quickly the soup came out, within probably 5 minutes of placing our order, and was somewhat disappointed that it wasn't really hot.  I didn't even need to let it cool off, and the cheese, while melty, was only ok.  What I did not like was how few onions there were in the bowl, there were more croutons in the bowl than onions I felt like.  The broth however was tasty and well spiced which was nice.. . The beef bourguignon was perfectly adequate, nothing special, nothing bad.  I might be spoiled in that my grandmother makes this dish and makes it really well and I've also had it while traveling in France.. . The apple tarte at the end though was horrid though, and we sent it back after a few bites.  It looked and tasted as if they had used dried apples for it, like the ones you would get out of a bag at themarket.  Not only that, but it had a waxy texture and was cloyingly sweet.  All in all, a very bad end to the meal.  Not only that, but I ordered a cafe nuit with desert, and they were unable to make it because they ran out of Calvados, a French apple brandy.  How the heck does a French restaurant, especially one on the strip, run out of this, especially during CES?!. . Overall, I was very disappointed with the meal, especially because of all the good reviews I had read on here as well as the favorable word of mouth I had heard.
Kinda disappointing restaurant. We came here during CES and it was really crowded. We sat outside in the smoke filled air facing the Bellagio fountains. However, unlike Esther (http://www.yelp.com/biz/mon-ami-gabi-restaurant-las-vegas#hrid:kzlYCHGkQRaIF2nTqN3oBQ) I sat facing the bar and not the fountains. So I got a great view of a 50-something year old guy hitting on your pretty typical tall, pretty decent looking blonde gold digger who was clearly there for the free drinks. Entertaining to watch...sure, but I think I would have enjoyed the fountains a bit more (and this review would have gotten an extra star).. . For this price, I expected huge quality of food that would last me for the next meal or two. I figured a tuna tar tar salad would hit an empty stomach pretty nicely. My eyes were let down when a tiny bowl of greens and four slices of tuna came out. I expected more for $17, but at least I wasn't totally starving after. Next time, I'll hit up one of the Vegas buffets instead.
Normally I love the food here for brunch but the eggs Benedict were horrible. I could barely cut through the toast and the ham was non existent but my moms bananas foster waffles were delicious
Been here twice. This review is for my latest visit. It was not good. First of all my burger was pretty dry and the vegetables looked like it was pre packed the night before under a blow dryer. Second, how do you make a caesar salad taste bad? After telling the waiter that it was disgusting and we did not want it nor a replacement he complied and removed it from our bill. When the bill arrived all the items totaled up were completely off. They tried overcharging us by at least $9. I pointed this out and after about 15 minutes of waiting they came up with the story their computers were messing up? Really? C'mon get your act straight. This was a must go restaurant for me to go to every vegas trip, But Id rather settle for in n out now
I have been to this location several times along with the Chicago and Maryland locations.  And this time I will express my displeasure with the service!!!!  . . We had the biggest pompous ass for a server.  He was rude and condescending to our group and that was a HUGE source of displeasure in this latest experience.  . . They were busy and some of our group had not dined there before but the menu is not rocket science and can be managed.  The salads are massive so we ordered and mentioned that each couple would split them and he crinkled his nose and walked away.   I had an offer for a speciality free salad and he treated me like I fell off the turnip truck.   When the salads arrived he kinda threw them NOT SPLIT and the free one wherever they landed.  . . The steak frites were amazing as always and they were enjoyed by all.  However, I ordered the warm chocolate cake with salted caramel cream and was given bread pudding.  His fatal mistake was telling me that's what I ordered.  It was a special and not even on the menu and I always order the same dessert.  He told me to try it because i would be happy with that dessert.  I wasn't and begrudgingly returned with a comped chocolate dessert.  . . This is how crappy personnel can make or break your experience.....
Charged us $75 for water. I guess we have to ask for tap water? Do they offer tap water? This place is ridiculous. I guess I'm not a French restaurant kinda girl.
We've dined here before. Food always good. As others have said, there is usually a wait to be seated. Reservations highly recommended and if you want the patio, you'll have an additional wait. I'm dinging them on the rating because we were seated in the "atrium like room" between the patio and dining room proper. Wow, do they need noise baffles in that room. My wife and I could only converse by shouting and we were seated NEXT to each other. Upon being seated we considered just leaving. Should have, as my wife couldn't even finish her meal from the noise. Wish we had gone to Bouchon at the Venetian instead.
Worst, driest bone in ribeye I have ever had. Seriously. . . The mussels were decent though.
Brunch was mediocre. Our waiter seemed to be having a rough day or was super nervous. I couldn't even finish the quiche I ordered because it was too salty tasting, and the eggs didn't taste of terribly high quality or freshness. And then, of course, its not the most affordable thing. It took way to long to be waited on and served. . I wouldn't go back.
I just got done writing a letter to Harrah's customer service about how disappointed I was with the general service and appearance at The Paris this past weekend.  I'm hoping they take it to heart as I'd hate to see one of my favorite hotels go the way of The Sands, if you know what I mean.. . Really, our dinner here is what put me over the edge.  I went over a couple of the other reviews and noticed a pattern...."I used to love coming here" or  "this time things were different".....I too, noticed an exceptional difference.  I will say that I like the food here, I LOVE the view and I have had excellent service before, so, I know it can be done.  But, beware if you get server "77".  Yep.  Her name tag says, "77".  Trying to be polite, we did ask her for her name, but she seemed pretty annoyed to give it to us.  In fact, she just seemed annoyed.  She left 4 completely lighthearted people who were having a wonderful trip with a bad taste in our mouths.  . . Good thing for the Goat Cheese appetizer and mussels.  Only thing worth the taste this time around.
Mon Ami is one of my favorites and I usually go every time we visit Las Vegas BUT not sure if it was the Mother's Day holiday, the food was greasy spoon diner quality and the waitress had an attitude.  She did lighten up after the food was served and prepared incorrectly but still.  It was the letdown of our trip.  We will probably go back BUT only one more chance.  Hoping if we don't go during a holiday the service and food will return to the great quality it has been on other trips.
Ok so I'm pretty sure I got food poisoning here. I used to like it. People watching is great.  But I got grilled chicken and a salad and subsequently lost like 5 lbs over the next 5 days.
First let me start off with the good. This restaurant is very pretty. The lighting is perfect and it is right across the street from the Bellagio fountains which you can see from the patio and from inside. Our server was also great. He was very attentive and even make us laugh a few times without being overly goofy.. . The bad. And it was bad. We ordered an appetizer of assorted seafood which included whole lobster, tuna tar tar, jumbo gulf shrimp and oysters. The oysters were mishandled and had pieces of shell in them. The lobster was lacking flavor. It tasted bland. However the gulf shrimp were good as well as the tuna but for the price of the plate my husband and I were severely underwhelmed. Second course, pork chops and frites. The pork chop was incredibly dry, the seasoning was good but the pork should had been pulled from the fire a good 10 minutes earlier. We ate it but later hit the food court in our hotel for sub sandwiches that we liked so much better. I would not go back to Mon Ami Gabi for food but I would go back for drinks on their patio. The view is fantastic.
Came here for the first time last Thursday for lunch. The waitress told me what the special was, so I ordered it. The special was a BLT crab sandwich. When it arrived, it still had the soft shell on it and it was fried. She told me the soft shell was edible, but I don't like eating fried food. So I tried it. It tasted nasty and was very deeply fried. I ended up getting sick to my stomach. I also saw her mess up another patron's order while I was there. I couldn't believe it. He also had ordered the special and by the looks on his face, he wasn't impressed at all.  I know this place has a lot of great reviews, but my experience wasn't that great. No more for me. The prices were fair, hence the two stars.
I went to Mon Ami Gabi for my one yr anniversary. I was extremely disappointed. I specifically wrote on open table that it was my anniversary. There was no anniversary dessert at the end. When checking in, there was a sign that said "No T-shirt or no casual clothes" but EVERYONE there was wearing casual clothes! My husband and I were wearing proper dinner attire. The food was good, but not worth the price for it. You better just go to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant if you want a classy dinner especially for special occasions.
This place is really cute and all, but I did not leave dinner feeling impressed. The steak was talked up before we came here and reviews said it wasn't bad either. I've had my share of amazing steaks and this was SO disappointing. It was $35 for the filet mignon au poivre and I would much rather have spent my money elsewhere. I could have paid ten more dollars and gotten myself a fantastic steak elsewhere.. . I ordered my steak medium rare and it was cooked okay. My biggest gripe: it was COVERED in sauce. All it said on the menu was that it came with creme fraiche (which it did) but it was swimming in sauce. It was so overpowering that it ruined the meal. Another girl at the table got the same thing and had the same feelings. Sauce was so overpowering. Good steaks don't really need anything other than a decent rub on the outside. I felt the meat was a bit low on flavor otherwise. You can sub the fries for mashed potatoes or another side for $1.95 more. . . The sangria was good. They say it can serve 4, but really, it can serve 5. We also tried the chicken liver mousse. It was okay, but nothing to write home about. . . Overall, it was a cute place, but that's pretty much it for me. It is on the cheaper side for Vegas considering the atmosphere, but if you are in the mood for steak, look elsewhere. That extra $10 will really get you something 100  times better. We also initially had reservations for 6, but had a last minute cancellation, and they still automatically added in the 18% gratuity that is for parties of 6 or more? Not cool.. . Note: Patio seating is on a first come, first serve basis. Reservations are only good for inside seating and your whole party must be present to be seated.
Not horrible, but you could have the same food in the coffee shop. Nothing special, not worth any wait.
$$$ Expensive!  I ordered the steak on my first visit.  The steak is small and the french fries taste fries from a can.  Besides, they put the steak on the top of the fries which soaked all the grease from the steak.  It made the taste bad.  I ordered a chicken on my second visit but the chicken was too dry.  The only dish that I liked was the French onion soup.
I was recommended this place by a friend knowing I was going to Las Vegas. The view was nice since it was across the street from the Bellagio and you can see the water show as a lot of reivewers were saying, this place was always packed every timeI passed it on the strip. We were seated right away because of reservations, you def want to get a reservation if you don' t wait more than an hour. We sat inside only because I feel it's not very clean being outside, don't want random bugs in my food, or rain. . . We ordered the Bone-In Ribeye. Medium. Both of us, it comes with these flat crispy fries. I was in a a hoodie and jean shorts, and my husband was in a tshirt and khakis, we felt a little under dressed but no one said anything, there were others who had casual clothes on too, but it would be a nice place to dress up to also. . . My Ribeye tasted like a sirloin. I wanted medium but it tasted like medium well done. It was hard and grimy. I didn't like it. The fries were ok,  I was too embarrassed to ask for ketchup. hahah. . . First time here, I'm not sure what else I'd order next time if I ever came back, Maybe try breakfast, I just thought this was an ok place to go. I'm a meat eater so everything else on the menu I didn't care for. . . I had an overpriced steak for sure. Even texas road house steak tasted better. So much for $40 steak.
Come on yelpers. Dinner here tonight continues a maddening recent trend of flavorless, ill-prepared food from restaurants that had received great reviews in yelp.  If you have no palate, please stop reviewing restaurants. This pseudo French restaurant served dry roast duck passed off as confit, scallops that have been sliced in half and were likewise devoid of flavor and sides that served no purpose other than to confirm the kitchen's poor conception of flavor.
Steak was tasty. Service was bad-ok: they didn't clear plates between courses (I had a pile...and they kept walking by) and the service wasn't as friendly as elsewhere.. . BIG gripe: they've tried to be 'cool' with their fries - they've fucked it up royally - they're so thin and crispy you can't actually eat them with a fork. A total joke - hence two stars.
Staying at the Bellagio and being that there is such a limited amount of outdoor dining there on the strip I thought our party of 8 would enjoy a comfortable casual fine dining experience across the street at the Paris here last night.  With reservations for 8 persons at 7:45 in hand we entered a very small bar area where we could barely find a table of this packed place.  Hostess said table should be ready on time but SORRY even though you had a reservation and it was noted outside it's not guaranteed if you want to sit outside its going to be at 9PM  Strike one!. . Fairly diverse menu French based steakhouse & bistro with some really great Boudreaux wines that were exceptionally priced and not overkill on the markup.  8 in tow for dinner I'll break it down as simple as possible hot French breach loaves with exceptional homemade butter was presented.  Waitress took forever to get to us and even longer to take our order after spending god knows how long chasing our wine down.. . Appetizers:  . French Onion soup was good but nothing out of this world for 9.50 a bowl of soup and it was not piping hot, but lukewarm and very little cheese covered the bow.  Big miss here on simple French item. . Baked Goat Cheese 8.95 & tomatoes sauce with warm garlic bread was better and the Escargot with warm garlic butter was a hit with two of my friends.   The mussels with white wine with herbs were also a huge success. . . Entrees:  . NY Strip 39.95 with Bearnaise sauce was tasteless and cold to the touch and undercooked. Had to send it back but there was not much you could do to fix this.  The Steak Frites were impossible to eat tasteless also and Ice cold.. . 22OZ Bone in Rib Eye with bearnaise sauce was better juicy and coated properly and it was temperature hot. Steak Frites Ice Cold. . Dover Sole night's special neither was gummy and not very good nor was the chicken pallard pounded and covered with greens. A dry flat chicken breast that took nothing to make or present but it was screwed up royally.  . . Couple of half roasted chickens was OK but again nothing to write home about in fact all the entrees were either OK - passable or downright bad.  Theme of the night all the food was lukewarm. . . Service she tried to be there but they are just too busy and overwhelmed as the food took over 50 minutes to arrive after ordering and the place is simply a cluster phuck on wheels as far as food and service. . . I'm really trying to be objective here for ambiance, etc but the bottom line is the food was mediocre, our reservations were not honored or shall I say ignored request, the food was not hot and the service was not up to par.  A GIANT NEXT for this traveling group as we won't be returning anytime soon.  They will continue to survive and thrive due to a prime location but there are so many other dining options available in this great city we won't be contributing to their success.
Had a 6:30 reservation yesterday but were told it was first come first served for the patio, waited 1:15 before we were seated, the bar area was so small and jamb packed it was impossibleeven to have a drink. Table was good but very close together so you share the next tables conversation, appetizers great, main course came out cold and the pepper steak had a sauce that tasted like tomato paste. Our waitress was terrific but the front desk staff are totally disinterested. As a local why fight the crowds when there are so many other places to eat
3rd time was not a charm . . . . .. . Finished a conference in LAS, was nearby and needed lunch. Have eaten midday in the past with good results.. . Table for 1? - greeted with dysfunction, a 40 minutes wait  and poor attitudes,, bypassed the greeters and I  went to sit in the bar and it was full, though surrounded by  lots of open tables?. . Round 2 - seated when pressed with the situation, was that so hard?. waited, waited, waited, waited, waited,. . Ordered the skate wing, 20 minutes later oops, apologies that it was taken off the menu yesterday, when the chef didn't like the looks of the delivery. Ordered the London Broil Sandwich of the day.. . Round 3 - Cold, poorly presented and clearly sat under the lights for too long. . Should I complain or suck it up?  The ladies next to me were knee deep in arguing about their check and service . . . . . . Conclusion - Ate, paid, and left - probably won't return.
Still not one of my favorites. And I definitely wouldn't eat here for dinner unless the weather is warmer b/c now it's getting almost too chilly at night to sit outside.  Lunch is still a great option while the sun is out.. . The escargot was very good!  But I ordered the Dover Sole dinner special {$35.95} and it was super bland. There was a good amount of fish like 4 pieces [one had a bone in it which was kinda gross but happens]. It was served with barely cooked spinach and potatoes. Thank God it came with a 1/2 of lemon b/c that was the only flavor on the dish. I salted and peppered it as well.  It just was a very unimpressive meal I didn't even clean my plate.... . Everyone else ordered the steak and frites which seemed to go down pretty well. Service was very good so 1 star was for service.
The complimentary bread and pickled beets were really yummy to start with.  But it would have been nice if we were offered seconds.  For dinner I had the barramundi fish special and my husband had the blue cheese steak.  The fish was nothing special, steak was pretty tasty.  Both meals really needed to have another side - I ordered the market veggies which came with a yummy broth. My DH had a salad.  We sat inside.  It was super crowded so not much of an atmosphere.  Our waiter was GREAT, especially considering how crazy busy it was tonight.  Even with no drinks the bill ended up being nearly $100.  Sorry, not worth it.  Should have gone to Outback for better food and half the price.
I was impressed that they had a gluten free menu but there was not one gluten free vegan option so I just asked them to make me quinoa with vegetables.  Somehow what I got was a bowl of broth so I had to try to fish out my meal which now was soaked and had no flavor.  I can't imagine what the chef was thinking when he poured broth over my meal and turned it into soup.
I might be biased, considering my last trip was to paris- the real paris not vegas paris.. . Oh gosh- a pounded piece of meat with a "bernaise sauce" made with cheap wine, cooking oil and dried tarragon. Not my cup of tea! . a warm brie slice the width of a cracker- microwaved with 3 pieces of brioche- wth?! . A bunch of people either wearing tennishoes with cameras around their necks or dressed like hookers. I dined at appoximately 9 pm- a bit early for prostitution, don't you think?. The best part of my meal was the wine- priced at a very reasonable 9/glass. The service was good, but I dont think I will ever, ever, ever visit again.
French onion soup -- um, looked horribly, tasted watery.. . Sandwich not so good.  Burger eh.. . Waitress was nice.
We went here for Thanksgiving dinner and had a terrible dining experience.  The bus boy spilled an entire glass of our wine over the table and it got all over the front of my father's shirt.  They were quick to get a bunch of napkins to soak up the mess on the table and then eventually changed out the table cloth, but I had to request that they bring us soda water immediately to try to get the red wine out of his shirt!  . . The manager came over and didn't do a good job dealing with the situation.  He lamely offered to pay for my father's dry cleaning if the stain didn't come out.  No offer to replace the glass of wine or take anything off of the bill for the inconvenience.  So my dad had to sit there with a wet shirt for the remainder of the meal and wasn't compensated in any way.  Nor did the manager return to our table (as he promised) to provide his business card so that we could take him up on the offer to pay for the dry cleaning.  Very unprofessional.. . To top it off, as we were eating our extremely mediocre turkey dinner, the waitstaff was panicked -- running around saying "86 the holiday desserts!  86 the holiday desserts!!!  Are we even HAVING Thanksgiving dinner anymore??!?!"  The kitchen had clearly underplanned and run out of the pecan tart and pumpkin bread pudding by 8:15 pm.  It was very distracting and unpleasant to have the staff yelling right near our table as we tried to eat our meal.  Somehow, our waiter managed to put two tarts and a bread pudding on hold so we still got ours even after this whole debacle about the kitchen being out of them, albeit they were cold and didn't hold a candle to the bread pudding at Gordon Ramsey Steak.. . Not recommended.
Welcome to Disney Land!  A beautiful facade of a Parisian cafe worthy of a single visit.  After that, the spell breaks.  . . Quick and dirty:. . - Three dining spaces (outdoor overlooking LV Blvd facing the Fountains of Bellagio, indoor sun room, indoor steak house). . . - Three check-in lines (outdoor wait list, indoor wait list, confirmed reservation).. . - Franco / American cafe menu at reasonable prices.  . . - Great selection of French wines by the glass or bottle.  Glass prices are VERY high.. . - Friendly, bordering on unprofessional service (faked French accents for some tables, Parisian style silence for others).. . . The food is below average.  High point;  the baked brie starter.  Served in a hot baking dish, accented with hazel nut oil and honey that perfumes the air.  Unctuous.  Rich.  Just good eats.  Unfortunately, the escargot is the opposite.  Tender morsels of snail dressed with hard parsley stems.  Ack.. . Mains fail to deliver. A paltry two ounce, steak sandwich served with an overly reduced, sweet onion au jus.  A croque monsieur made with pressed deli ham.  Very low quality (sub USDA choice), albeit inexpensive steaks.  Frites that accompany almost every dish are terrible.  Some crisp, most soggy, rubbery, and oily.. . Worth a single visit to enjoy a bottle of wine and see the fountain show.  After all, the Parisian authenticity is enhanced by the confetti of playboyesque images on cards that litter the sidewalk below and well lit mobile billboards of  scantily clad "Hot Hot Hot Ladies" crossing your view.
Because I'm new to the area I've had a lot of opportunity to experience things in Vegas that I didn't really have much time for when coming for vaca. I have to say 90% of the great places I've eaten at were not on the strip. I was really disappointed with the food quality here. Service was great though.  I've made better steak myself and the burger I tried was not even medium rare like it was ordered. I've had better escargot from the freezer section of the grocery store. The only way this place could have been better was if I were wasted from the drinks I DIDN't consume playing slots.
My husband and I made reservations at Mon Ami Gabi for Monday (12/24/12). There was a line of people without reservations in front of us and when I approached the first host desk, the two girls there told me to go inside to the next hostess stand and tell them that I had arrived and we would be taken to our table. -WRONG- I waited patiently for the hostess to finish speaking with another guest (without a reservation) and when I told her our party was here she glared at me and said "Ma'am, did you wait in that line?" "I was told by those twoover there to come in here." "Go to the back of the line." I almost walked away from the restaurant, but went to the back of line and waited...for about ten minutes beyond my reservation time for a party of 10 people -without- reservations to be seated in front of us. . . When we were finally shown to our table, we were shoved against a wall. It took about ten minutes for the waiter to welcome us to the restaurant and take our drink order. He seemed really pissed when we didn't order any alcoholic beverages and went over the specials so fast that we didn't really hear him. It took forever to get refills on our drinks.. . We ordered the brie, which was fairly good. My husband ordered the special (veal) and he said his food tasted good. I ordered scallops and mine were chewy in a bad way. Our waiter only checked on us one time in passing throughout dinner. We were obviously an afterthought.. . This restaurant doesn't have its own restrooms. You have to venture out onto the casino floor in order to use the bathroom. . . I would not return to this restaurant. The food wasn't up to Vegas standards for the price we paid and we were treated badly by the hosts and the servers.
Came in on a Sunday around 12:30 and there wasn't really a wait.. . Free baguette and butter.  Warm and crusty bread for free?  what's not to love about that?. . Took a while for our food to come out for some reason. Went thru 2 baguettes, while waiting. Steak classique with frites. We ordered medium rare but it came out kinda grey with grill marks so definitely more rare than medium. Steak frites were pretty much potato chip strips.. . corned beef hash was served with 2 poached eggs and toast with blackened crust(unintentionally i'm sure) and hash browns on the side . . I might consider coming back to maybe find something redeeming on the menu.
Our waitress was super slow and spacy.  Food was ok but soaked in lots of butter.  Also while the patio is nice you are in close proximity to smokers which can turn you off a bit.  I'll try other places before returning.
No foie gras on the menu...disappointed me coming from San Francisco.. . Chicken liver mousse and pate was sold out.  Really, what else am I going to eat at a French restaurant??? A Cheeseburger???. . Seafood tower was okay, had more extravagant ones before.. . Escargot was bland.... . Mussels were too buttery and needed a bit more acid.. . Moet was perfect.. . Service was friendly.
I really wanted to love this place.  It has great ambiance and a wonderful location.  They also have a good wine list filled with french wines.  We ordered the warmed brie for an app and it was good, but came with 3 toasted slices of baguette.  3 slices for two people?  Is it really going to break the bank to add one more piece so a party of 2 could share the brie with 2 pieces of bread?. . I ordered the Steak Roquefort and my friend ordered the Filet Mignon Merlot.  We both ordered our meat medium.  We also ordered a side of green beans to share.  We were halfway through our bottle of wine (and we aren't fast drinkers) before our meals arrived. The "Roquefort" was actually a blob of butter with some Roquefort mixed in.  There was so little Roquefort in it that I asked the waitress what was on my steak.  . . In addition, my steak came barely warm and totally raw on the inside.  Fortunately, my friend enjoyed the filet Mignon.  By the time the waitress came back, returning the steak was no longer an option since I figured we would have to wait another 30 minutes for a replacement.. . Since I was still hungry, I decided to order the Bananas Foster Crepe thinking that there was no way they could do a dessert wrong.  I am not a Bananas Foster pro, but I believe it is supposed to be served warm (as the description states warm bananas).  It was served cold with the sauce being more crystallized sugar rather than a warmed flambe.  Basically they pre make these, barely warm them and pass them off as "gourmet."  . . I came to the restaurant looking forward to a wonderful meal and evening, instead I was disappointed at every turn and the $150 bill was very hard to swallow.
Except the bread was fresh from the oven, the special fish of the day red snapper was over cooked. The portion of the side dish garlic spinach was tiny portion. For drink, I only ordered an oj, plus the tips, the bill came close to 50 bucks, not worth it. Although the service is nice and open till late.
Probably the worst meal in my recent trip to Vegas... actually, perhaps one of my worst meals in Vegas - ever!. . Came here for Sunday brunch and waited about 15 minutes before getting seated.  We had a large party of 10 and came at 11 am, so we had the option of ordering from the brunch or lunch menus.. . It seemed like everything that could go wrong did go wrong.. -  Our waiter just didn't seem like he knew what he was doing.  He told us the wrong brunch specials, so my friend who ordered the portabello mushroom eggs benedict was sorely disappointed when his food came out and it was some sort of pork eggs benedict.  The waiter should've told him in ADVANCE that they didn't have his original order, not when the food already came out.  Instead he just said, "why don't you give it a try and see if you like it".  ?!?!?. -  Our food took FOREVER to come.. -  My other friend ordered the corned beef hash, but it wasn't until we had waited for who knows how long before the waiter came back and said they were all out of corned beef hash.  How do you run out of something sooo common?!. . I was totally turned off by our waiter.  And most of the food is not really worth writing about.. . -  Eggs Benedict.. meh. -  Tri-tip sandwich... meh. -  Salmon salad... yuck. . The two highlights were the blueberry french toast and chicken liver pate.  Definitely recommend those.
We went on Friday, 2/15/13.  Unfortunately, the highlight of the evening was the bar.  We had a short wait until our table was ready, so we had a drink.  The bartender was very friendly.. . Once seated, I opted to start with the escargots and my wife went with the onion soup.  We were both pleased with our selections, good but not awe inspiring.. . For the main course, I selected steak roquefort and my wife opted for beef short ribs.  The short ribs we very good, but the steak was mediocre at best.  It was stringy and tough.  I mentioned this to the server, and she told me, "that is the type of steak it is".  I wasn't expecting dry aged prime beef for my $25, but I wasn't expecting it to be on par with Applebees either.  . . However, the real reason for the two star rating was dessert.  I abstained, but my wife choose the bananas foster. The server smiled and went on her way, (important point later).  Shortly thereafter a plate was delivered to our table was somewhat resembled  a banana foster, but just somewhat.  My wife remained positive, only stating, "I guess its not flambe".  On her first bite she gave me a disgusted look and said it was cold, all of it was cold, including the sauce.  I tried the sauce and it was shocked.  It was a cold, thin caramel sauce.  No liqueur or rum and it wasn't even room temperature, but COLD.  UGH.. . I stopped a manager and told him about the dessert.  He responded that that is how they prepare the dish and that it couldn't be 'warm', since it contained ice cream.  Really, even Dairy Queen can pull off a hot fudge sundae!?  I said that we've had the dish several times, but have never had it cold and most often is it prepared flambe.  He then went on to say that it was ILLEGAL to do tableside flambe in Las Vegas.  He asked if we remembered the MGM, (now Ballys) fire and said that the fire was caused by a tableside flambe and since then no Las Vegas restaurant can do it.  . . WTF!?  This is a flat LIE.  The fire was caused by an electrical problem and exacerbated by construction that allowed the fire to travel rapidly through the ceiling before even being noticed.  My wife and I have have (and seen) tableside flambe at Las Vegas restaurants, so this too is a lie.. . Needless to say, I didn't waste my time arguing with such a dishonest person.  I told him to take the dessert back, remove it from our tab and have the check delivered so we could settle up and leave. . . When she brought the bill, our server apologized that we weren't happy with our dessert and said, "this happens, people are used to it being prepared differently".  WHAT?!  Why didn't she advise us of this when we ordered the dish?  Very disappointing.
Ate here in Jan 2013.  . . This was always on our "must do" list for Las Vegas.  We used to go a couple times a year but skipped 2010 and 2011 altogether so were very much looking forward to eating here again in 2013.  . . It is definitely not as good as we remembered.  The Frangria is still GREAT but the food was not.  The warm brie tasted like it had freezer burn or that refrigerator taste?   I know you know what I'm talking about.  The mussels were not good at all and were cold (should have been warm) and the frites were soggy.  . . Service was good.  . . I'll go back and just have the Frangria next time we go, and just eat somewhere else.
we came here for breakfast.  I was expecting to be blown away by the food based on the reviews but that wasn't the case.  Although the sitting area was beautiful overlooking the bellagio and passersby, my husband and I were not impressed with our selections.  He got the chicken, Brie, and apple crepe which he said was flavorless.  The crepe itself was nearly empty.  Hecalao asked for fries on the side and ended up getting potato sticks/chips so dont order fries if you're expecting regular fries. I got the three eggs breakfast and my eggs were overcooked and the hashbrowns  were nothing to rave about.  One thing that turned me off immediately and the reason for my 2 star rather than 3 star rating was the distinct eggy/dirty smell that was surrounding us even before we received our meal.  I would pass on this place on my next trip to LV.
Sat outside to people watch. It's right in front of the Paris Hotel. Heaters outside are welcome. Had the French Onion Soup with gruyere. It was pretty good. Ordered the fish and frites. First off, the frites are outstanding. Some redneck behind me was asking whether frites was SPANISH for french fries. Err.. Anyways, the fish was pretty bland and was not very pretty either (I could pan fry a fish way better than that). I'll upload a picture later.. . The waiter was a bit uninterested (Abraham). Says the same shtick to everyone.. "Where are you from?" "Oh, I used to live there a long time ago", and hurriedly rushes away as not to follow up.. . If you must come here, I would say the Frites are yummy. But, this was my first and final time I'll eat here. I mean, out of a bazillion eateries in Vegas, why bother. Meh.
The crusty baguette and butter were the high point of the meal. The steak bordelaise was a super-cheap cut of beef smothered in caramelized onions and a cloyingly sweet red wine sauce. Not good at all. The frites were ribbon-cut, which I've never seen before, and were a mixed bag of soggy, limp fries and crisp, tasty ones. This dining experience would have been disappointing if I'd spent $10. The fact that my entree set me back $25 was just painful.. . The only real reason to dine at Mon Ami Gabi is if you snag an outdoor table in order to people watch and take in the Bellagio fountain across the street. Perhaps stick with a cup of onion soup and bread to avoid the inevitable case of the crankies when you feel like you've been culinarily flipped the bird and price gouged.
High expectations meet reality.. . And please someone change that $$ to $$$.. . Service was so-so, with weak recommendations from the waitress.  Here's what we ordered:. . - Escargots de Bourgogne (oven-roasted snails, garlic-herb butter) - pretty good. . - Housemade Country Pate (cornichons, whole grain mustard, warm country bread) - a LOT of pate, too little bread, I liked this dish, but talk about disparity b/t the two.. . - Chicken Liver Mousse (burgundy red wine mustard, toasted brioche) - same as above, with respect to mousse to bread ratio - too much mousse, too little bread.  I was looking forward to this dish, but that burgundy red wine mustard is just nasty and overpowering), pass!. . - Sea Scallops Gratinees (caramelized fennel & onion marmalade, mussel cream) - thin scallops that were tasty, but surrounded by too much cheese.  Should have gone with the entree version instead, sigh.... . - Rack of Lamb Special - overpowering mustard sauce on the lamb that was just unpleasant.  The lamb was tender and the au jus was tasty.  Excise the sauce and it is  tasty, but $36 worth of tasty?  No.. . - Creme Brulee - this was the best dish of the night, nice and creamy with the right thickness to the sugary top.
I love this place. i really do. the food is pretty good, but this time just sucked....... Checked in, was told it was 15-30 minutes for an outside patio table. Weather was perfect, so we decided to wait. 45 minutes later (with my buzzer in hand) i was told my reservation was lost and i'd have the next available table.. Strolling through the restaurant, passing a table for 2 at the outside rail, we were seated at a table for 4 right next to the goddamn server station. . For an hour i was continuously bumped and kicked by servers sitting here and the ONLY reason i didn't blow up, is because this was my wifes birthday weekend and she specifically wanted to go here. . $150 for lunch, including cocktails......
Nice location, great ambiance. My partner and I ordered the Filet Mignon Merlot, both medium-well. Server suggests to get them "butterflied" so it cooks all the way through. That didn't work out so well. My steak was WELL DONE and my partner's was well done on one side and the other medium-well. My teeth hurt after attempting to chew the steak. So disappointing. Frites were only "okay", however, the side of garlic spinach we ordered were pretty good. . . Our server only came back once to ask if I wanted more iced tea. Didn't ask how the food was or anything. He also took a LONG TIME to give us our check. We literally just sat there for 10 minutes waiting to pay for our overcooked dinner. . . This placeis overrated in my opinion. Will never come back again. Staff wasn't too friendly either. Should've made a reservation at Gordon Ramsay Steak instead.
It's not terrible, but for the price and the reviews i thought it should have been a lot better! The French onion soup was so salty!! I had to ask for more baguettes to even try and finish it.. It was cool to try some escargots though. I hate the seating policy of how everyone has to be there in order to be seated. It's unnecessary when the entire restaurant is empty.
Just o.k. to me. The two best things about it are 1) The view, and 2) the french fries.
Had lunch there today.. Seemed like an assembly line when I showed up at the front desk - although there were at least 5 staff standing there and 1 guest in front of me, I wasn't greeted until the woman in front of me was seated. I was told they would give me a window seat, though I did not end up next to a window... ? I was in the patio. The temperature was perfect.. As my server asked for my drink order, I picked up the drink menu but was immediately blocked by a pitcher of water. An assistant had reached over me to fill my water glass. I think he could've waited a few min!. When I'm finally able to look at the menu I hear a "thunk." Oh, a loaf of bread has just landed on my table!. . I had a frangria, which was good.. I had the French onion soup which everyone raves about - it was very good. A large quantity! I actually did not finish it.. And I had the au poivre burger, which was cooked to my preference, but a little too salty (they sprinkled large grain salt on the slice of tomato and, it seems, the rest of the plate).. I barely touched the fries that came with my burger - they were mostly chewey! And a few were hard as rocks! Not sure what all the raves about there.. . Overall, the food was alright, but it was such an odd dining experience. Many of the staff looked upset/grumpy (like the people who delivered my food). Wasn't what I expected from reading all the Yelp reviews.
We stopped here for appetizers.. . 1. The food was fantastic. We liked it. . . 2. The problem? The waitress. She was rude and refused to listen. We told her when she greeted us that we were only here for appetizers. She asked us NO less than 4 times what we planned on having for dinner. Then, she forgot my wine -- TWICE. . . ALL in all -- would think twice before returning due to service.
Vegas weekend with my girl and this was our first stop to eat.  In summary, we ordered the recommendations of yelpers and our server and the food was just alright.  Our server was great and attentive, but the food was just ok.  Not worth getting into the details, I will not be going back.
I went there once with a friend for her birthday.  She was head-over-heels for the place.  I was unenthused.
As a New Yorker who loves food,  I am sad to say this place fell short. I went based on a friend's recommendation:  . 1. Steak Bernaise was cold and not tender. 2. Escargot and Brie were decent, a bit too much pesto for the first. 3. At least our waitress was nice ! . . Perhaps its the location near the fountains that makes it popular but I would save your $$$ for something less touristy and better quality!!! I hear Roy's fusion is good and zagat rated so we may try that next!
Meh. Such a wonderful word and such a great description of this restaurant. French onion soup, Meh. Not sure what people were raving about. It was basically a block of cheese with onions and bread. I came away with the feeling I could have made that in the kitchen, and that isn't a good sign.. . The salad with kale is definitely false advertising. Reminded me of the "may contain peanuts" warnings as the salad may contain kale. Dressing was also hugely disappointing too. . . I forget what else I ordered as it was completely forgettable other than the taste of disappointment.. . This was also the only restaurant in Vegas I was disappointed with the service. It was busy so I totally understand the wait to take our order, but when the food was delivered they basically dumped it on the table. Didn't take any stars off for that as in the end I judge based on the food, but it did stick out as something out of place.
Over rated. Food was cold. Atmosphere was nice.
Good French food, average service. . Stopped into Mon Ami Gabi on a vacation to Vegas.  My wife and I thought it was superb 11 years ago and were happy to see they are still in business.  We both recalled how much we loved their French Onion Soup.. . With some relatives coming down the street, I was disappointed by the young lady managing the hostess desk.  She wouldn't even say if or how long our wait was, "Unless your full party is here."  I could understand not being seated, but the rude tone and nonsensical retort that they can't even give you an estimate on wait time got things off to a poor start.  Then, we were seated immediately when our family members arrived.. . The menu is simple enough and the food was good, but not great.  Salads were unremarkable.  The Fillet Mignon was very good.  And the final bill was about $205 for four adults, a toddler, and a baby.  Note: They put 18% gratuity on for themselves.. . There were much better years ago.  And if there were better service, I would readily give them three stars.
Went for dinner - Service was excellent.. . Starters were overpriced (escargot - tasty but not worth the cost), sea bass was overcooked and possibly gone bad, - sent back after one bite and didn't bother replacing with a different dish.  Rib eye steak frites had a decent steak but disappointing, thin, unevenly cooked frites.  . . Loud, dark atmosphere before 8:30pm seemed a bit mis-matched with the vibe the menu was trying to set.  I would still try again for breakfast based on other reviews but wouldn't go back for dinner, even at a discount...
First, you go here for the view of the Bellagio fountains. Which is really good if you get a table outside and can stand the heat.. . As for the food, been here 3 times and the food is way over priced for the quality.  Had eggs benedict last time and the muffins were flat and there was very little sauce. Bloody mary was just ok. . . Service was good, but if you want a meal with your view of the fountains, try somewhere else.
Went for a birthday for steak and frites.. low quality food a ton of fries but steak was not that great i could cook betterAlso its busy and I am not sure its overpriced and bad quality its a tourist trap spend your money elsewhere but the drink stand in front of paris is great!! strongest cheap booze
Great beer selection, decent food, but BEWARE!!! Don't wear sleeveless. Even if its 110 degrees outside and they sit you outside... They won't let you in, or they will give you an XXL white tee to wear. Boy did I feel embarrassed, but wanted to try the place so I just sat there looking like I came out a hip hop video... got my WHITE TEEEEEE!yee yee! Nothing worth talking about with the food, but the beer selection was good. Its vegas, a lot of other good places to eat.
Went to this restaurant because a friend wanted to try and had made a reservation for us there. Somehow we still had to wait with reservations... Considering it was a french restaurant with a large amount of review I figured it was okay to have high standards. Boy was I wrong. . . Hospitality was great, very accommodating to change my order without any further questions. . . I order the Chicken Grandmere and it came out too salty and dry. It was so dry I drank 2 glass of water and gave up after eating maybe an eighth of it. The waiter was generous to switch my order to the Chicken Paillard which came very fast! However the chicken was again dry and the flavor just didn't taste right. . . After we left, I went to McD to get myself a 10 piece nugget meal.
My wife and I each had the Cobb Salad for our lunch.. It was totally sub par. Cubed turkey. Wilted romaine. Starchy corn. Bacon almost non existent. Dressing tasteless. Price 15.95. As bad as it gets ,quality wise.
After doing my research for a more casual restaurant for a night out in Vegas, I settled on Mon Ami Gabi and was VERY excited to check it out based on all the very positive reviews.. . I was sorely disappointed.. . Our reservation was at 9PM and when we checked in was told they were running 10 minutes behind.  . . We headed to the bar and once a free spot opened up, we tried to order a glass of wine.  We stood there for about 15 minutes before we were acknowledged.. . At 9:20PM, I checked back in and was told we were the next party of two on the list.  After another 10 minutes our buzzer went off and I moved over to the reception desk and was told our table was not ready.  So we didn't sit for our 9PM reservation until well after 9:30PM but no big deal.. . We sat and we greeted promptly.  Service at the table was great; the food was not.. . I ordered the escargot which was average and the French onion soup which was not good.  It was very sweet and bland and there was hardly any cheese.  I was disappointed.  . . Everything else food wise was ok.  My fiance got the filet with the red wine sauce, it was also very sweet.  The cheese platter appetizer had one really great bleu cheese, the other two cheeses were average.. . Expected much more after all the stellar reviews.  I don't know if it was an off night or what.
After a great trip, my girls and I wanted to top it off with - what else of course - GREAT FOOD! Seeing as this was our first time, we consulted Yelp. With amazing reviews and 4/5 stars, we expected an awesome dining experience...that which was not the case.. . We were greeted and seated promptly (indoor window seating), however, the hostess that sat us didn't say one word to us on the way to our table. Once we were seated, we noticed that all of our wine & water glasses were pretty filthy and my menu had a small veggie surprise on it. lol. Our server took all of the glasses/my menu away and returned with clean ones.. . Now, let's talk food.. . We started off with the Wild Escargot de Bourgogne...I felt like the garlic-herb butter smothered the taste and texture of the snails - even overpowered it. The snails may have been over cooked too. . . Since Mon Ami is a French Steakhouse, I went with the Steak Bordelaise medium rare. To my disappointment, it was far from what I was expecting. My heart kind of sank because I was so excited :( The presentation lacked, the sauce was watered down, and the cut was a tougher than what I'm used to. The frites were also soggy because they were soaked in the tasteless sauce. . . I sent it back for the Mahi Mahi special, which was ok. At this point, my appetite was ruined and I wanted to leave. Our server wasn't exactly the friendliest guy either and I feel like we weren't even seen by a manager. . . 2 stars for the location and ambiance. Overall, a horrible dining experience. Sorry to say that I do not recommend Mon Ami Gabi.
I made reservations for a party 6 of my really good friends. I volunteered and left the pressure of picking a restaurant up to me so I really hoped my friends would enjoy the whole experience. We were seated promptly and had the pleasure of Francois serving us. Their special feature of the day was dover sole. My first experience with dover sole was at a restaurant in Sedona, AZ and it was amazing. I decided to order the fish and convinced my friend to order it as well. Big mistake....when I used my fork to cut the fish it barely would tear apart. Had to force the fork back and forth to break it apart and the bites were not tender. Im assuming this means the fish was overcooked. The fish was advertised as deboned but I found 5 bones, accidentally swallowing one. I looked over to my friend hoping that my recommendation left her satisfied but sadly she had the same experience, though she didn't find any bones in hers. I am happy to say that everyone else in our party enjoyed their meal, though Im rating this on my own experience. I could have complained or spoken up about the fish but I didn't feel like it. We were all enjoying ourselves and I didn't want to put any bit of damper on our good night.
Food was just ok and took 45 minutes to get. With so many good places to eat in Vegas I wouldn't return.
This rating is more so geared toward service and overall experience and not the food per se (since I havent tried most of the menu).  The two stars I gave were for the beautiful view of the water dance show from Bellagio situated opposite from this restaurant.  . . Last weekend I came here for brunch for the second time.  I called in a month ahead to reserve a table, but we still had to wait for almost 20 minutes for a table.  Once we were seated, I realized we had the most unpleasant spot in the entire restaurant.  Why? Well, our table was in the lobby connected to the patio outside.  Therefore, cold air was constantly blasting toward our direction.  Because I didn't know any better, I wore a tank top that morning thinking it was such a beautiful day.  After sitting there for 15 minutes, I had to start covering myself up with the napkin (even though that didn't really help at all).  Aside from the location, the service is subpar.  We ordered our food and it didn't come out for another 45 MINUTES!!! That is ridiculous! Not only was I (and the rest of the girls at the table) cold, I was also hungry for 45 minutes for them to get the food out.  . . Now for the food part, I ordered off the brunch menu so I got the corned beef hash and poached eggs with roasted red pepper ($12.95).  Let's just say I was equally disappointed with the food as I was with the service.  My dish came out cold...and you know with poached eggs, they would taste terrible with not warm.  I enjoyed the hash-browns as my side dish though.  . Would I want to come here again??? NO!
Rushed service ruined what could of been a great night out. The view of the Belagio fountains is unsurpassed. Food was tasty and flvors blened well. But the serivce. They were burning them and turning them. I guess that what happens when there are lines out the door there?
Only came here because a friend has already made reservations in advance, the ambiance was nice made me felt like I was in paris cafe, only one thing that I can remember is dont order anything that is chicken...its just plain dry and salty. Besides that service was nice and great and they even offered to exchange it for something else.
Was lazy in planning and didn't make reservations in time for anyplace better.  First time visit here for me, last Saturday night.  . . Food was just okay, especially considering the prices.  I guess you're paying for the view of the Bellagio fountain across the street.
Wir haben die durchweg positiven Bewertungen fur dieses Lokal nicht nachvollziehen konnen. Das Essen ist unter durchschnittlich. Der Steak war total durchwachsen hatte die Konsistenz von einem Schnitzel absolut schlecht. . . Konnen Mittag bzw. Abendessen hier nicht empfehlen. Nicht zu vergleichen mit anderen Lokalen im Preissegment.. . Foto machen hab ich mit erspart. Die Bedienung jedoch ist top, amerikanisch eben!
Ok, I have no idea where they got those 3000+ reviews and 4 stars but dinner was extremely disappointing. I am actually in the middle of it as I write this. I got the ribeye with Merlot butter and i can honestly say you're better off buying a prime ribeye steak from Ralph's and grilling it yourself. I know this because I've done it and it was 10x better than the ribeye I have right now.. . I got the medium/medium rare. The first one they gave me was burnt outside and one inside. Not charred, burnt. It was very bitter. I sent it back and got a new piece. This time, itwas cooked fine but it is bland, maybe some finishing salt would've been nice. But the real complaint is that, for a medium rare steak, it is extremely tough! I even asked to make sure they're using prime beef and they assured me that they were but I am chewing rubber and my jaws hurt. Again, the meat you get at Ralph's seems better than this. I'm still hungry but I can't chew anymore so I'm giving up. The pomme frites are pretty good and they were nice about taking the food back, thus, the 2 stars. And I guess the mojito is pretty decent. The merlot butter is just that. A piece of butter floating around in a vat of Merlot. Not horrible but nothing special either. The steak was cheaper compared to other Vegas steakhouses so generally, the saying holds true. You get what you paid for. Definitely not coming back.
Went for my 30th bday and the service couldn't have been worse. It's too bad because the food was great.
just had breakfast here.  hostess was disorganized but seated us after we were 1/2 hour late.  had the turkey omlete which was bland.  the potatoes were crispy hash browns which was great.  the waiter charged me twice for tea ($7.90) for 2 teabags and told me afterward that there was refill on hot water only.   WTF?  i have never been charged full price for asking for another teabag.  charged 4$ each for kids drinks.  would not come back again.
I really wanted to like this place. It all started out very well, made a res, was seated almost immediately on a busy night and even landed an outside table which was awesome. Great people watching! This is where the experience stops. You could tell the waiter didn't really want to be there. I dont blame him....but all in all his was really professional. Space was extremely tight, my aunt had to keep moving her chair so people could get by so that was annoying. Now the food, most importantly...we had the oyster, great selection horrifyingly overpriced. Steaks were 'meh'. They were good but no where near the price we paid good. Now i understand this is vegas and everything is up charged outrageously but i guess i expected a little more.
The first time I went was with a large group and we all loved our server and the food. And the Bloody Mary bar. The second time I went with a small group. Hated the flavourless cold soggy steak sandwich and the totally clueless server. Everything he described - based on which we ordered - was just wrong. Not even close to real. I'd say skip it and find someplace else.
I had heard raves about this restaurant so brought 3 guests for dinner.  Food was just ok (the 22 oz  rib eye steak was 50% fat and bones and was undercooked; scallops just ok; frites and vegies barely warm).  Our waitress was very good which compensated a bit for the food.
