Honey Toast dessert is totally overrated.  A big hunk of ice cream surrounded by a huge piece of honey toast.  What's the big deal?. . Also had their ramen - can't say there was much flavor going on there.  I like having a bunch of veggies and such in my ramen but the broth needs actual taste.  They should poach one of those dudes from Monta so he can show them how it's done.. . Didn't get anything else but looked around and none of the food looked too impressive.  Their menu is huge which, considering how small the kitchen is, is not a good sign for the quality.  But you gotta love Las Vegas for having even decent Japanese food open so late.  . . But there's tons of better Japanese places if you go during normal hours.  Ichiza should be far down on the list in my opinion.
I had high hopes for this place since I absolutely adore izakaya! I figured this is where it's at, since it's where locals go. But alas, we left disheartened and unsatisfied, craving the izakaya we know and love back home in LA. . . There's absolutely no wait at 11pm on a Tuesday night. We had a difficult time ordering, because the menu that they handed is, well, not really the menu! All the special items that you want to order is posted on the wall. So if you have poor vision like I do, you're kinda of screwed! Or you can walk around the entire restaurant staring at the walls.... . The only thing i would go back for is the TAR TAR YELLOWTAIL. It is heaven on a greasy little chip! It has generous chunks of yellowtail and avocado. AVOCADO!! nom nom! I would eat this any day twice a day! . . RED SNAPPER CARPACCIO is kind of weird. The fish is sliced too thick and it was chewy. Comes with raw onions and salmon roe, which I am personally afraid of. . . Our three little FRIED SMELTS were also a winner for me. Nice, simple, delicious. I am a huuuuuuuge fan of cooked fish eggs, and these guys are 3/4 eggs! Bf, however, took a bite, made a face, and refused to eat any more. . . SOFT SHELL CRAB was good. Agood amount of fried crab. Wouldn't order it again, but I do recommend trying it!. . The GRILLED MARINATED MAKEREL was disgusting. The salty miso taste (from the marinade) + the fishy makerel taste + the charred grill taste = no bueno. . . We tried the BEEF TONGUE SKEWER and the CHICKEN WING SKEWER and decided we'd order more if we liked it. The beef tongue wasn't bad, though more chewy than tender. The chicken wings were disappointing; it came with two tiny ones, and the flavor was nothing to write home about. Did not end up ordering more. . . We also ordered a roll off the wall that was pretty good. EEL KAKIAGE TEMPURA ROLL (4pc). I'm not sure what vegetables were fried in the kakiage, but that's what made the roll special and gave it that nice crunch. The roll is TINY compared to the huge portion of eel and tempura on top of it!! . . My bf told me to give this place only 1 star, we left that unhappy. I do think it deserves more because it had a couple awesome dishes. If I came and ordered 5 plates of tar tar yellowtail, I would give the place an A+. But overall, the bad out-shined the good.
I had been itching for a while to go back to Ichiza after several years. The atmosphere is very lively, with lots of noise. The menu is pretty limited, so you will probably have to get up and look at the rest of the 4,000 items on the wall (many repeated, with very poor description). My husband and I decided on a couple of items:. . Tuna roll- tuna was mediocre and not completely cold, and the cucumber was definitely not ripe.. . Deep fried tofu salad with spanish mackerel- The tofu was cooked inconsistently, with some pieces being hot and the others cold. The hot pieces where delicious, but the cold ones... not so much. The salad was drowned in peanut dressing, making it almost soup like. It was topped by very salty mackerel  which overpowered the whole plate. . . Stir fried beef tongue- The garlicky marinade was delicious but the tongue was definitely chewy and somewhat undercooked (which definitely did not help the texture). . . Pork skewer with onion- nicely cooked with good garlic marinade. What you would expect out of a Japanese skewer.. . Normally we would order more but I was pretty disgusted by the salad so I left it there. I really wanted to like this place. Maybe I just didn't order the right dishes but the cooking techniques did not convince me and I was actually kind of grossed out. Will not be back unless accompanied by a pro!
Food: 3 stars, service: 2 stars, price: 3 stars.. . The food was decent. Compared to our izakaya & yakitori experiences, this was a disappointment. We tried most of recommended dishes: breaded calamari, breaded octopus, yellowtail tar tar, breaded quail eggs, braised pork belly, Kim Chi fried rice, beef tongue & chicken skewers, and miso black cod. We attempted to try their honey toast.. There were no real "wows" in our meal. The best dishes were the cod, tar tar, and Kim chi fried rice.. . As for the service, I was very unhappy since the beginning. We mentioned to the host that we were in a hurry and trying to get our friends to the airport. He insisted it will only be a 10 wait minute. Well we waited 20min. Once seated, our dishes were dirty. Even though there were 4 of us, only 3 plates, bowls, waters were served. Then lastly, we ordered the "recommended" dessert, honey toast. But after 10 minutes, we were starting to think they forgot and upon inquiring, we realized that they didn't even put in the order and it was going to take another 10-15 minutes to finish. I'm sorry but did we say we were in a hurry. . . I like the idea of late dining options here, but I will definitely not be returning due to the poor service and mediocre dishes.
What I love about this place is that it opens late.. . And that's about it. After that everything goes downhill from there. The food was okay, but I have had better from other izakaya places in the OC, like Honda-ya or Shinsengumi. The service was bad, the couple that came in 15 minutes after my husband and I had placed our order actually got their food before us. And they messed up our order too. We were served the wrong ramen and our server kept looking at her colleagues at the counter to see if she should be serving us our spider roll. And she kept putting down the plate and picking up the plate. THRICE. -_-. . When we asked for the bill, I noticed that someone had tried to add a spider roll to our order, but it was canceled before the bill was given to us. And that was when the spider roll was the first item on a two item order.. . So never again Ichiza. You guys messed up!
Oh snap, I just gave a 2-Star Review. Sorry, but I am not a fan of Ichiza. I realize many people will probably stare me down in disgust, but I will not be held to liking a place just because so many others do. Perhaps I am just not on board with the traditional Japanese dining experience this place supposedly offers. I am not a fan of the menu on the walls. Why can't I get a menu? They are hindering those of us who happen to have prescriptions, but sometimes do not like to wear our glasses for a night out, as was my case on the night I went here. . . I went with a friend for her birthday (and I was picking up the bill, hurray!). She had been here many times before me, so I let her lead the way. First off I was incredibly disappointed with their service from the get-go. They offered us a table, but let us know that the table would be needed in about an hour for a large party that was coming in. Um, okay, then why offer us the table? Why not put us on a wait list for a table that is not going to be needed? ANYWAY, we figured we wouldn't take over an hour to eat since it was just the two of us and we were starving, so we took the table.. . I had no idea what to order, and especially since I do not know Japanese food that well, the menu was a little scary for me. I mean, I am very apt to try things I've never heard of, but the server wouldn't even come around to explain some dishes. My friend ordered us a pretty decent salad. Something else that had a BUNCH of kimchee in it, which I quickly had a bite of and ignored. . . Lastly, we ordered the Honey Toast dessert, which I absolutely adored and ate half of because I had had barely anything for actual DINNER. . . Oh right - dirty silverware I had to have taken back and brought out to me, but waited for it for about 20 mins. This place is over-hyped and you can tell because it gets incredibly packed and very loud. The service is mediocre at best. All in all I would not make a return visit.
pros: open late, friendly service, lots of choices. . cons: food was below average, had to look all over the place to see what they offer. . ordered: wagyu beef carpacio, hamachi sashimi, fried quail eggs, japanese beef patty, crab fried rice, uni in ponzo, cheese egg rolls, honey toast
There's something that always bothered me about Ichiza... I could never quite put my finger on it.. . The food is decent and the prices are fair. The environment is mediocre, but for Chinatown, it is fine. It always seems to be busy so maybe I'm just nitpicking?. . And then upon hearing that Ichiza (for the 3rd time since I can remember) had been shutdown for health code violations, it hit me: The staff does not give a ish about anything! . . There seems to be a lack of care by the staff and owners on the upkeep of Ichiza. Everything seems to be half-heartedly done. The food does not look or taste fresh and the restaurant needs to be maintained better. I heard they finally remade their menus, which is a sigh of relief. They used to have these mangled pieces of paper covered in laminate that was peeling apart. Classy.. . I suppose if you're looking for a cheap eat, stop by. If you're looking for a dining experience or great tasting food, pass. I've seen McDonalds employees more enthusiastic and prideful about their craft.
I've been looking forward to dining here for months. Ichiza has come highly recommended by several of my foodie friends. When we arrived, we were greeted with...actually...we weren't greetedat all. I was asked my name by a very rude host/manager and then told it would be about 15-20 minutes. Ok, fine. When our table was ready, our very cordial maitre'd (detect the sarcasm) literally pointed at my girlfriend and directed us to the bar. Also, we weren't asked if we'd prefer a table or the bar, but if we were, I would've asked for a table. Oh well...still forgivable at this point. The server promptly arrived and brought our drinks. When she asked if we were ready to order, I told her this was my first time here and was hoping to get some recommendations. She didn't seem to care. She acted like she was busy, but really she was just looking forward to going to the side area and talking with her coworkers...which was in plain sight to us. Very rude. We ordered the grilled squid, grilled salmon belly, some kind of ramen dish, beef tongue skewers, a spider roll, beef tataki and yellowfish tartar. The star was the salmon...juicy and moist, with a little side of grated daikon to cut the fat. Everything else was just mediocre. I was very curious about this "honey toast" that I kept seeing being brought out to other tables, so I asked our lovely server about it. She said, "it's honey toast." and I replied, "yes, but what exactly is it?" and she said, "it's huh-nee toast." Thanks..really cleared it up for me. She was incredibly rude about it...like I was putting her out to do her job. So, after about 15 minutes of waiting on our final dish, the yellowtail tartar (which is a cold dish, mind you and should certainly not have taken that long), our frustration led us to cancel the final order and get out of there. Bottom line: mediocre, over rated food and a staff that thinks their stuff don't stink because they're popular and busy. I'm sorry that all my reviews are about bad experiences. I'll try to be better about that.
My friends and I went here late night and experienced the following:. 1) Slow, bad service despite the lack of a crowd on a weekday night. 2) The sashimi (especially squid) was not fresh, and tasted "fishy" and "plastic". 3) The seaweed salad I had was decent, so that's why there's two stars instead of one
For many years, this was THE only decent Izakaya in Las Vegas. Actually, one of the few "pretty pretty good" Japanese restaurants. Double actually, one of the only Japanese restaurants run by Japanese people. And so...it was busy, and quite good (for Las Vegas).. . When I visited last week, the owner/manager who always stood in the front - glaring at you - was gone. I mean, gone gone. The place was functioning like the kids took over - disorganized, sloppy  and rude service, condescending staff...like some magical fairy or Doraemon came in here and just sparkly-poofed Ichiza into another typical mess of a fake-Japanese restaurant.. . Being an Izakaya, we (party of 4) did not order one thing and find ourselves disappointed. And no, we did not order "rolls". We ordered Japanese food. And it was terrible. All of it. Not one person in our party finished their food. . . The yakitori and gyu-tan was bland, burnt and dry. The ramen was nasty. And as to the plethora of teeny tiny dishes of stuff we chose off the wall, the only memorable thing was this nasty and (still half frozen) fried cheese thing that was a lactose disaster waiting to happen.. . Sometimes a restaurant has a bad night. But something was wrong here. If I found out that they sold it, I would not be surprised. When everything is off, its time to go elsewhere. . . Luckily, downstairs is a decent Japanese-run Yakiniku - Yagyu - with a sign/font that looks like its from a Charlie Chan movie. If you don't have fun here - head down there for something far improved.. . Still if you're comparing this place to the majority of restaurants on Spring Street, it might even be good. And that's why I hate eating in Las Vegas.
food here was good. ate the chow mein, calamari, wasabi octopus, and a roll. this would have been a better review but they ruined our dinnner. in the middle of our meal they asked us to move to another table in order to make room for someone else. that just ruined the rest of the dinner and ruined our appetite.
My friends swear by this place, they go regularly, so they dragged me along one late night.. . The service was acceptable.  Not great, not bad.. . I ordered katsudon and a soda, I'll get to the taste is a second.  My bill was $15.  That is outrageous.  All the Donburi (rice bowls) on their menu were $6 or $7 dollars.  They served Tonkatsu, so I asked if they do katsudon and they said yes, they just hadn't updated their menu in a while, hence why it wasn't on there.  No, I'm pretty damn sure the reason it wasn't on there is so they can hit you with charging you double price when you get the bill.  $12.50 for a rice bowl is insane.  I have never, across four states and two countries, paid more than $10 for a basic rice bowl.  And the tonkatsu plate on their menu was $9, so it obviously wasn't pork vs chicken that caused the price to raise. This alone is the reason I would not go back.  I don't like getting cheated on my bill, and if I'm going to pay that level of upcharge, I better get spectacular service or be eating on the strip.. . At least the katsudon wasn't bad.  It wasn't particularly good either, but at least it wasn't bad.  The pork chop/cutlet/whatever was pretty small, but it tasted fine.
Difficult to order, servers that don't speak English, and food that's gone down-hill over the years. At this point, I'm finding Ichiza izakaya over-rated. . . FOOD: Running around the restaurant trying to order off-the-wall hasn't been easy or successful. My usual for the past few years has been the ahi tuna tartare, mackeral nigiri, and Ramen DX. They are permanent items and not on the ever-changing menu plastered around the facility. After a recent visit, I discovered the ramen no longer tastes the same and the cha-siu has lost the flavor I found so addicting. I was obsessed with the mackerel nigiri (saba) from here because it was cured with a unique balance of salt & vinegar and melded with a bed of yellow fish eggs. Not anymore, its plain old mackerel now and isn't special what-so-ever.. . AUTHENTICITY: My friend from Japan worked at Ichiza a while back. She told me stories of under-washed vegetables, a caterpillar in a bowl of ramen, and how the recipes and ingredients are just NOT what the Japanese consider really good food.. . SERVICE: Maybe its just me, but I get incredibly angry when my order can't be taken correctly. I speak up, I speak clearly, and I speak in an un-complicated way that should be able to be understood. The girls here don't understand simple restaurant requests and quite frequently get my order wrong. I have little to no patience for people in the service-industry that cannot speak or at least understand English well enough to perform at an optimum level.. . For the sake of my belly and sanity, I probably won't elect to come here on most occasions. Ichiza is no longer the only place for izakaya!
I'd like to point out that I am an Ichiza fan! However, recently they have been declining in quality.. . I would also like to point out that recently, Ichiza has a C rating on their cleanliness. Their ratings are hidden behind the cash register, and it is a wonder why I did not enjoy their sushi so much.
hmmm Maybe my expectation was too high...as a native Japanese, it was ok. Beer was not cold(mehhh!!), appetizer came slow, food was not so hot(arrg!). The special roll, Unagi kakiage roll was good(yay!). The hostess are nice....
Oh my dear Ichiza, how I will miss you. Once, you were the only reason I really enjoyed coming to Las Vegas. I would rave about the amazing food you served to every friend who was making a trip to Sin City, but not anymore. The quality has gone downhill! I don't know if management changed, or if the economy finally took it's toll on you. Until I hear that things have changed for the better, farewell old friend.
Okay this place is famous for their "honey toast" so I ordered it because I had REAL honey toast at a Japanese place in Hawaii. The honey toast was the main reason why I came here because I loved it at the place called SHOKUDO in Honolulu. Well what a damn DISAPPOINTMENT! The toast here just tasted like a big piece of sour bread smeared with honey and a scoop of ice cream on top. Ichiza got it alllllll wrong. The toast didn't even have any bread cut into pieces or anything in it. It was way too sweet and just gross. Honey toast at Shokudo was bomb and orgasmic! ha ha . . Well I did order yellow tail tar tar and that was sooo delish! It is nothing I have ever had before and I would order it again. The yellow tail sashimi was alright too.
I have heard so many AMAZING things about this place and though I have tried this place over & over again. I cant seem to enjoy eating here at all.  . . Every single time I have been brought here by friends who loved this restaurant, it has always been at least a 30-40minutes wait. Which I normally dont mind at all but waiting for something that I dont enjoy afterwards does not seem that it was worth waiting at all.. . I dont remember what I ate because I let my friends that has been here order for me but of all the plates I tasted nothing stood out and nothing blew me away. I, also finally tried the honey toast that A LOT of people rave about, but it highly disappointed me.  maybe is because i did not like the honey taste or the texture of the honey toast, but it didnt taste that great either. . . I guess Ichiza isnt for everyone.
This place is overrated. With all the rave reviews of the honey toast, we had to give this place a try. . . It was so busy that we waited 45 minutes to get a table. Not too bad considering there was an awesome guy skateboard sailing through the parking lot and streets. So we finally got our table. Part of the menu is hung up or written on the on the walls. This was a different take on ordering but not at all my favorite. I felt awkward looking at the wall where people were sitting against. No sir, I'm not squinting at you!. . We got a couple appetizers and #20 was my fav. But now to the dessert... talk about disappointment! My expectations were way too high. It was basically a few pieces of  toast with un-melted pieces of butter  (I took a bite of it  thinking it was ice cream... gross) drizzled with a ton of honey and plopped with a scoop of ice cream. The 1st bite left me scratching my head wondering how people think this is sooo good.. . I normally give places a second try and order a different items but if I had to wait 45 mins again, sorry I'll pass.
I have been here a lot, and i have eaten pretty much every menu. . . well, food here is kinda like something that i used to cook when I was a college student. I mean, it's fun, but it doesn't taste that well. I think the quality of sushi here is the same as what you get at Vegas's all-you-can-eat sushi places. . . Service isn't professional, either. I guess they are students from college. One time this young chef was trying to get my gf's phone number while I was in the bathroom. WTF! This ain't a college dorm, dude.. . So, this totally makes sense - this is a restaurant run by college students. Actually, this is why I keep going here. Atmosphere! Not for food. If I wanna eat beef tataki, I go to Blue Ribbon at the Cosmo. If I wanna eat oysters, I go to Joes at the Ceaser's palace. If I wanna eat sushi, I NEVER go to Ichiza simply because fish here sucks! . . However, if I wanna simply have fun and get wasted by not spending too much money, I go to Ichiza. Overall quality is pretty fuckin crappy, but for that reason i keep going.. . Definitely not for rich businessmen and lawyers.. . Btw, when it is jammed like on weekends, your server might be pissed if you stay too long. I saw the manager was asking a waitress to kick customers out as soon as they finish eating and drinking. I even saw the (kinda old dude) manager was kicking this drunk hobo wondering outside the restaurant. Not good. Kicking is a crime! What a kangfu restaurant it is!!
Not worth the wait. Save your time and money and go elsewhere fellow yelpers. I'm sorely disappointed by the hamachi tar tar, kimchi fried rice, wasabi octopus,... The tartar was a total rip, two stacks of fried wonton chips with a small layer of "hamachi" and salsa. I can make better kimchi fried rice and I've only cooked that dish once. The only dishes we appreciated was the hamachi sashimi, miso cod and chicken skewer. Not worth the time and money, even if I was hungry at 2am. The honey toast everyone was raving about is also $8. Overall, Highly overrated  - your foodie sf yelper.
Finally tried Ichiza and although the servers couldn't have been nicer, I wasn't impressed by the food. I had oysters on the half shell with ponzu sauce that was congealed and would have preferred them to slice the oysters like they do at Raku (huge oysters).  I  had the grilled squid and it was chewy and pretty flavorless.  I also had the egg custard cup which is egg, spinach, shrimp and mushroom and it was O.K. but a little watery and not very interesting. I did like the tuna with mountain yam, it was very flavorful.  I also liked the sake selection and had yummy pudding for dessert which was a flan. I'm sure people have favorite dishes here such as the fried rice which seemed to be going to most tables but I can't say I would eat here again when there are so many other, better spots. I did love Crown Bakery right next door for a green tea latte and amazing pistachio cookies.  They have samples out for many of the cookies and the pastires all looked delcious and they are made on site.  I would definitely recommend checking out this nice little bakery if you are in the area.  I prefer Monta for ramen (only serve Asahi beer) and Raku for a nicer atmosphere although they are a lot more expensive and have very small wine pours which is annoying so order by the bottle.
Bad experience without even eating here. We dropped in at around 8PM last night. I had a party of 5 and they had a few open tables. We got put in a small table with a stool to the side. Super cramped, so we decided to walk out. Never once were we greeted. We had to tell them we had a party of 5.
Food is good! Service sucks..... . I'm here on a Monday at 2pm and there are 2 waiters running around, one is a scatter brain and looks stressed...and there are about 5 tables...I think 2 waiters should be able to take care of 5 tables. I was a waiter once and had to take care of 6 tables by myself.. . Food me and my friends ordered (total 4 of us):. - Ramen DX - love the soup base. - Smelt fish - the small fish with the smelt eggs inside yummm. - Squid - half was dry (probably from sitting on the counter too long and the waitress forgot to give it to us until later). - Seaweed salad - good, more salad then seaweed though. - Salmon sashimi - good. - Spicy tuna roll - good. - Okra - good, fresh. - Fire roasted eggplant - good. . . Things they forgot:. -Spider roll - good if we actually got it on time (they gave it to the table next to us and when they realized we ordered it they took it off their table and gave it to us). -Coffee (be aware that their coffee is $4.50...like the price ofStarbucks but tastes weak and is in a small cup). -We asked twice for them to refill our water. -We ordered 2 Half ramen and only one came and they forgot the soup...by the time they brought out the soup the noodles had dried up and stuck together...then an hour later they brought out my friends half ramen. - Pot Stickers (they took forever on this one and we asked twice and finally decided to cancel it because when we looked over at the waitress it looked like she forgot again). . Keep in mind we placed this order all together in the beginning and didn't add on anything and they still messed up.. . So 2 stars for good food but horrible service, I would've given 1 star if the food was bad as well. We gave $1.00 tip on our $74.00 bill and left.
What can I say? Over rated to say the least !
Went here with a few friends. The food is not bad but nothing to rave about. The service is ok. Some of the food came out fast but most took a very long time even though there weren't that many people in the restaurant. The real big problem my friends n I had was when we tried to pay. We wanted to split the bill and pay on separate debit cards and the guy in charge said we could only split the bill between two cards. Don't see why we couldn't just all pay separate.
Very busy Izakaya which subtracts from the quality of the food. Food isn't made with much attention. My yakitori came with bones in it. And splinters from the original grill. Since its so busy service was slow. Additionally the food is overpriced for the types of sushi cuts given.
Will I ever go here again probably not.  It seems a bit over priced for okay food and the portions were very small.  I was pretty surprised that my boyfriend and I got in so quickly being that there is always an hour wait.   I will give 2 stars for the nice staff.
Tried this place for the second time on 11/13/13 and still not that good. I believe that will be my last time going there. Although $2 beer pints for happy hour is great the food is just not that good. I would say try it and check for yourself.. who knows maybe you will think different. The service is mediocre and their sushie is bland with no flavor.
Short one night trip to Vegas the day after Thanksgiving and was welcomed by a sea of Asian fobs (who apparently don't believe in Thanksgiving). After giving up on Bacchanal (3 HOUR WAIT!!!!), we ventured to Ichiza. . . Put my name down for a party of 6 and was told that it would be over an hour. Decide to just tough it out...10 minutes later, my friend goes in to check on our position and is told that the wait is now 30 minutes. ???. After waiting for about 40 minutes, the owner comes out and asks us if we can finish dining within an hour. We oblige, mainly just to grab a seat.. . Once seated, we promptly order everything we can think of, in hopes of finishing within the agreed upon time. . . Wasabi octopus....."Sorry, we are run all out.". Okra natto...."Are you sure you want? It has natto in it." (Me: "Yes, I understand this"). Ankimo...."I am sorry. No more.". Uni in ponzu sauce...."I'm sorry, we are all out tonight.". . After scrapping together an order, we wait once again. 15 minutes pass before the first dishes come out. Some were decent, most were par for the course. Nearing our one hour limit, we are waiting for our bowls of ramen. We inquire and are told, "we are out of miso broth, only shoyu ramen left. Do you still want?". . Me: "Yes.". Would have been nice to be asked this a little earlier.. . Another 10 minutes....and they bring 1 out of 3 ramens ordered. . . We finish. . Promptly given the bill by the owner.. . Average yakitori. Below average service.
