I am not impressed. The place is quite very small for a Vegas nightclub. There were advertisement on free drinks. They fail to tell you that it's selective drinks... and although you have a bracelet to get in for free the bouncer tries to charge you. So booo!! me no like... bad service, small club, alright music, and drinks were poor.
Restaurant:. I DID NOT have a good experience at all. I went there on a saturday night after watching Phantom of the Opera. The waiter did not seem to have time for us. He didn't bring the bread as promised. The runners, and waiter didn't have enough time to refill our water glasses. I ordered spaghetti, and didn't expect it to be "el dente". I don't like el dente. It should have at least stated that on the menu, unless by default higher end restaurants only serves el dente, then it's my fault for not knowing. I did my part to make it a perfect night for my girl friend and chose Lavo restaurant expecting them to do their part to keep it perfect. . . I still didn't get my freakin bread after we almost finished our dinner. I see other tables received their bread before or with their entrees. For some, their bread basket might be late late, but at least the bread came for them LOL. Basically, everyone else got theirs. So what did I do? I asked for the bread, and got it 10 minutes later, after I had one bite left with my dinner. Instead of eating it, I just left it sitting there untouched. One of the runner guys asked if I wanted the bread to go, and I just dogged him. I wanted that waiter to know that he fucked up, he wasn't paying attention, and he should learn not to redirect blame to others who are not directly responsible for his table. And to make him and his food runners do the job that they're supposed to do and provide the complimentary bread as they should to all their patrons.. . I wouldn't have mind if the waiter acknowledged his oversight. I would have dropped the whole bread ordeal. But he acted dumb, "oh you didn't get it yet. But I told them to bring it out". Yes, we didn't get it. Had you paid attention you would have noticed that a long time ago when you walked past our table a few times before our entrees came out.. . I used to wait tables at a high end Japanese restaurant, and that line was complete BS.. . Oh, the Chicken ravioli wasn't bad.. . Nightclub:. Sucked.. . I should have stuck with my original plan to dine at Tao restaurant and attend Tao nightclub. But I've been there many times already and thus, I wanted to try out Lavo. Big Mistake.. . However, the Palazzo is still one of my favorite hotels to stay at. I'll just never dine or attend Lavo Restaurant/Nightclub again.
I really had high hopes for Lavo. Looking at their menu online beforehand, I liked pretty much everything I saw.. . I started out with the Kobe Riceballs. They were severely lacking in flavor. Next was the Chicken Parm. I was expecting something along the lines of the best Chicken Parm I've ever had for $26, but it was no better than the $10 special at my local pizza shop. Way too much cheese and way too little sauce. At least the gelato for dessert was good.. . The highlight of the meal was probably the excellent bread with marinara sauce that was served shortly after I sat down at the table.. . Wait staff was excellent and attentive. Clientele was all over the age spectrum. My older neighbors at the adjacent tables were friendly and talkative.. . I was offered a hand-stamp for some kind of VIP entry to the club that night, but declined as I am not really into the whole  "wait in a line for an hour to pay $20 for the privledge of entering a sardine can to buy $15 drinks" thing.
I actually went to Lavo, located inside the Palazzo, by myself. I did not dress up. I wore jeans, a tee, and a hat. I was the only girl not in a bubble dress. If one dressed as a gangster or gun moll they could drink from an open bar open till 12am. The club opens at 11pm, so you'd get an hour of free drinks if you were first in line. I saw not one person in line dressed up for the theme except employees. I do not know what gangsters and gun molls from the 1920's have to do with bombshells and Burlesque. Someone at Lavo marketing didn't do their research, mixing the 1920's with the 1940's and 1950's doesn't really make much sense. I think I was the only one there that noticed it though. . . The night's entertainment was to be The Cheeky LaLa's. I feel like I'm pretty aware of most Burlesque performers and troupes but, I had not heard of The Cheeky La La's before. So I did a Google search and couldn't find a thing on the troupe before I went to Lavo. . . The DJ for the night did not play theme appropriate music, it was then same old hip-hop and house they play at every other club. I made my way to the bar to get a beer. They were serving "Burlesque cocktails" for their themed drinks and for the open bar. The two cocktails were 'Blood and Sand' and 'Clover Club'. I get naming a drink 'Clover Club' on Burlesque night, but 'Blood and Sand'? . . The bartender was great and super friendly. He asked my name and remembered it the whole night. I told him I was there to write about the night's event and The Cheeky La La's for The Las Vegas Burlesque Blog. I was kind of uncomfortable, being that I was there alone and in jeans and a tee, and felt I had to explain myself. He bought me my beer, he must of thought I was a real writer. He shared with me the Cheeky La La's were to hit the stage around 1230 or 1. . . For the hour and a half I stood around waiting to see The Cheeky La La's perform I took in the whole club and watched. I saw some pretty amusing stuff. Every time a party that had bottle service ordered a bottle of champagne, in addition to their bottle service, the music would change, lights were flashed, and the bottle was delivered to the table in some amusing manner. I saw Superman, held up by security to give the illusion of flying, present a bottle. I watched a lot of ass grabbing and dirty dancing on the dance floor. The club had go-go dancers on boxes raised up from the dance floor. I've go-goed for events before, but not like these girls go-goed. These dancers popped and clapped their "booties", and most of them were chewing gum.
Hot and lovely. Long line and unfriendly door staff.
Can you say clusterf***? Totally packed dance floor (went on a friday night), some chick pushed my friend for no reason, and small to boot. Lame, period.
Nice beautiful place. The food was okay.. Appetizers: Calamari, Beet Salad, and Lobster Bisque - total recommend. Entrees: Penne ala Vodka and Penne Seafood Alfredo was under cook.
THE WORST EXPERIENCE EVER IN LVG CLUB I'VE EVER HAD.. . LAVO your food is mediocre and thank you for a special entry passes to your nightclub. Yes, your special meatball is pretty darn tasty.. . To be honest, I think thats where the problem begins. You let people eat here and get a special pass for the club. HOLY MACARONI. your nightclub was so crowded it was so bad. Up to a point my body was dancing by itself because people were squeezing me left and right. Drinks were spilled all over the floor. Slippery much? is this a club or ice skating rink? Dance? what dance? I can hardly move and breathe. AND COME ON! THOSE STAIRS? don't you know we girls wear at least 5 inches of high heels? ugh. . . Oh yeah, better music though compare to XS. But omg, never again for this nightclub.
This review is for LAVO Italian restaurant.  We have the WORST experience ever from the start to the end.  I made the reservation with them in advance before coming in for dinner.  We got there around 15 mins early and they asked us if we want the outside table.  I said yes and they told us to wait for 5-10 mins.  . . After waiting for 15 mins, I came to ask about our table and the lady told me that they made a mistake and gave our table away.  Common, how can they make this kind of stupid mistake.  So, we patiently waited for another 45 mins until we got our table.  This is ridiculous that we have to wait for an hour with reservation!!! . . On top of this, there were 4 different waiters and waitresses serving our table.  They're running around like a lost dogs.  I asked one waiter for something and never saw him again.  So I had to ask another person when they come by our area.  I don't think they deserve the high-end restaurant mark in their services.
My personal opinion:. So we went to Lavo for dinner. The atmosphere was good, the service was average and the food was average.. The garlic bread that started the meal was delicious...but that is as good as it got. I ordered the Rigatoni Melezzana. The pasta was too hard and the sauce was bland. My husband ordered the Spaghetti with Angus Meatballs he said it was "ehhh, ok." We heard such good things about the food we expected a lot more. The portions were acceptable.  They charged for cola refills which is always tacky and always pisses me off. . The evening got a little strange when my husband spilled spaghetti  sauce on his favorite white lacoste polo. I tried to get the sauce out in the bathroom but it wasn't coming out. We were pretty much done with our meal so we got the check and threw in cash and started to head out. The manager chased us down in front of the restaurant and was asking us if everything was okay.  It was clear he thought we were trying to dine and ditch or something. We just looked at him like he was crazy and told him we put cash in with the check and walked out. We looked back to see him run to the table and check to see if we paid...seriously guy. My opinion...there is better Italian for better prices even within the same hotel.
Dinner was unremarkable.  We did eat here especially to get into the club without any hassle, but the food was just blah.  The club was small and super crowded.  If you were on the dance floor you couldn't even move, much less dance.  We danced in the VIP area for a little while, the bouncers didn't really care and it was less crowded there.  We went solely because I heard they played good music (top 40 mixed with some 90's) but maybe we went on the wrong night.  Don't remember what songs they played but do remember countless shout outs to various people celebrating various things.  Really?  Play some freakin' music and shut up!. . Will not be back.
Went here for a bachelorette dinner, and it was not great. The service was slow, the waiter wasn't overly helpful and the food was mediocre at best.
Too crowded.  Not impressed. Snobby people. Not fun having your feel stepped on.
I was excited about going to LAVO since I've been hearing so many times on TV and from people that this was the place to go in Vegas, NOT!!!!!!! let me tell you I was notimpress. The decor is amazing and those are the two star I gave the place. The music was awful, the crowd was very, very young and the dirks very pricey. Maybe because I'm from Miami but we have much better clubs here in SOBE. It was packed so we got a table, for like $500 something but there is no VIP area, it's just a table by the bar, not very comfortable.
I really wanted to like this place, cause I Love Tao; however, this was not the case. We had 7:45 reservations on a Friday night. We were not seated for over 40mins, which is unacceptable. The service was okay- not great, not horrible, just okay.  When you are spending around $100 a person the service should be exemplary. Certainly not the case here. I am a Vegan, so I ordered the broccoli, it literally came out with two partial heads of broccoli (not cut up at all) needless to say I had to cut all of the pieces myself while my colleagues looked at the monster head of broccoli and just giggled. I will certainly pass on the broccoli in the future. The bread dipped in marinara was yummy- but again it's pasta- just pasta...nothing that special. Seriously the Olive Garden makes a marinara sauce that might even be better. I would never go back. It's not worth the money, the wait, the experience etc. Total waste of an evening in Vegas if you ask me.
This review is for the nightclub. It's basically a smaller version of Tao. We came here after leaving Tao, because it was so packed. Kim K.'s fiance was having hisbachelor party here so the place was filled with basketball players. The club wasn't that big, but it wasn't packed to the point where you can't dance. I wasn't in the modd to dance since the music sucked as well!! If I would have paid to get in I woud have been pissed!
While the food was fantastic and service almost great, the nightclub was a let down. After you wait in line to get in, you'll listen to music that encourages drinking, you will see people holding full bottles of liquor from their table service, and when you try to get through the crowd a young pup of a bouncer will stop you to see if you're intoxicated. He did this as we made our way through the thick crowd  to the bathroom. He tried to separate us( females) and take one to a back room ALONE. I became irate and demanded he go get her husband first. I would NOT allow this nor should you!  We did go back and dance and saw someone WHISKED away by the guys in dark suits to the backroom. Yet the drunk with the Vodka and the other with Patron bottle stood around. Total harassment that was extremely intimidating.
For the night club only... It was way the hell too crowded due to the space being very small.
Restaurant review (yelp needs to create separate entries for places that are restaurants and clubs...it's hard to weed through reviews!). . My friend and I felt like having Italian while we were in Vegas, so we decided to try Lavo.  The service was great, but to the point where it got kind of ridiculous...someone was checking up on us almost every 5 minutes during our meal so it felt like too many interruptions.  . . Our waiter recommended the meatball appetizer, which turned out to be pretty good...it was the size of a softball and good enough for 4 girls to share.  It was flavorful, but not spectacular.  We were hoping our entrees would turn out better, but things went downhill from there.  I had the seafood Alfredo, which was shrimps and scallops in a light cream Alfredo sauce.  It was so incredibly salty that I only finished a fourth of my plate.  My boyfriend ordered the Chilean sea bass.  The fish itself was well cooked, but it was lacking in flavor.  We also had an order to roasted potatoes with sweet caramelized onions, which was also salty.
By far, the most claustrophobic night club in Las Vegas from my experience. It's so small, you be surprise it's a club and not a bar. It's located in the Palazzo which is a sister hotel of the Venetian. If you're a guest at either of these hotels, they provide you "tickets" to the club. These "tickets" do not bypass the general line nor the guest list line. It's not even free! You still have to dish out $5 extra (if I remembered) for each admission... I was really intoxicated at that time, but I believe the entrance and exits are through different sides. It was confusing just to get out!. . I did not have a good experience at LAVO and will probably not come back unless I was dragged here.
For the club..... . Cons:. Small venue.  Sucky beats.  Crowded.  Sweaty, shmelly bodies packed in like sardines.  Grabbed by too many icky guys here. This was around 11:30pm on a saturday.  Maybe it's better earlier on a different night?. . Pros:  . None really other then we got in for free with only a 15 minute wait.. I heard that if you dine here you automatically get into the club with no cover or  wait.  I think I would still pass though.
So disappointing!  The food was average - I've had much better Italian in little ol' Columbus Ohio.  . . Highlights:the garlic bread and the service.  We were about to order WAY too much food and our server stopped us in our tracks.  He saved us a ton of money and waste - it was greatly appreciated.. . Lowlights: the famous meat ball - good but not fabulous and the salmon was fishy.  . . With all the great restaurants in Vegas this is not worth it.
Review of Restaurant Only. . Surprisingly walked in with no reservation at around 10ish for dinner. Great decor, good food, but I had higher hopes for the actual atmosphere of the place. . Prices are up there, $28 dollar ravioli gets you 6 ravioli that are maybe an inch and a half in diameter. So if you're really hungry you might want to order an appetizer.. The food came out within 5 minutes before the bread made it out and we wound up getting our garlic bread with sauce to dip in when we were almost through with the meal. I could probably have eaten the whole plate of garlic bread myself. So good.. Tiramisu is a a large enough portion for 2 to easily share.. . Things I didn't like.... The square tables are awkward to sit at. the foot of the table blocks the space where your feet would normal be so if you decide to wear a dress like I did you wind up with your knees together and one foot on each side of the bottom of the table.. Paper on the tablecloths are kind of annoying when you're paying almost $30 a plate.. The majority of people there seemed like groups of girls and the (pretty loudly) music made me feel like I was at a bachelorette or girl's 21st birthday. Girl's Just Wanna Have fun and the like played for most of the time I was there until they just gave up and played a Michael Jackson's greatest hits CD. Tables with groups of tipsy ladies squealed and stood up mid dinner to sing and dance at their tables accordingly.. . Probably wouldn't come back unless I was with a group that was dying to come here, especially since there's a Lavo in NYC now and its not somewhere I can only go on vacation.
Went for Halloween and was on guest list.  Wait was long!! We waited for over and hour and decided to leave.  . . We have been there before and there wasnt a wait but place isnt that big.  . . May try to go back next time if someone wants to go but not for Halloween.
Crappy service, good food. The club was OK - too pretentious for my taste.
Went here a couple times and it was hit or miss. My dining experience was always nice, the food was awesome and the dining area was very classy and romantic. The club on the other hand was off the hoook one time and completely BS the other time :( Might eat here again but will def. not party here!
Me and my girls had a reservation for a comped dinner before we went to the club upstairs. We waited close to an hour before getting seated which was a bit irritating because there were A FEW people that came in after us and got seated before we did. I could understand if we had a large party and it was hard to find a table for us but it was just only 4 girls! . . The hostess and manager here is very unprofessional and rude!! We showed up 10-15 mins early for our reservation and when the manager seats us down he tells us that we were late for our reservation.....WTF?! On top of that the food isn't that great either, I don't think I'll ever be coming back to eat here. The only reason I gave it two stars is because the club here is pretty decent on a sunday night (only night i would come here)
Good food but way overpriced if you're going to spend $100+ for two people and you will even without drinks here go somewhere with a nice view instead!
Visited Lavo on Valentines day, w reservations booked through their website about a couple weeks prior. . . Got seated about 5 min after our reservation time. Food was OK, drinks were OK, service was OK, everything was just OK. . . was seated towards the end of the restaurant, i preferred the outdoor seating towards the strip, but outdoor seating is closed during the winter. :-(. . . not sure if i will be back to this spot. i felt like the waitress just wanted us out of there quickly, our food was brought and taken within 15 minuets. . . On the flip side, Music was cool, pretty loud but i wasn't expecting anything other. . . I've experienced better, and probably wont be back.
I visited LAVO with a bunch of friends on our final night in Vegas. Maybe it was because we had just gone to Marquee the night before, but I left the locale pretty disappointed.. . LAVO has a deal where you eat dinner at the restaurant, and then get free admission to the nightclub that evening (if it's open). It seemed like a pretty good deal, and since there were a few of us, we decided to jump on the deal.. . Dinner: 1.5/5. . We asked for the latest possible reservation so as to just head over to the club right after dinner and were given a 10:45pm table. On the way to the restaurant, we hit a little traffic in the cab and were running late. We called the restaurant to inform them, and they told us that we had a "15 min grace period" to get there. I found it hard to believe that we'd lose our table, especially since the restaurant wasn't exactly packed on this weeknight. . . Anyway, we got there right in the nick of time and were seated right away. We ordered a variety of entrees, ranging from pasta to pizza. Average price was around $25. The waiter informed us that we'd have a "better" chance of getting comped at the club if we also ordered cocktails and appetizers. Since the hostess said that all we needed were entrees, we declined.. . The food - . . meh. Some of the portion sizes were downright comical, including one friend's ravioli, which we joked the waiter must have dropped on the way here, since there were only about 4 pieces of ravioli for a $24 plate.. . No one was really "wowed" by the taste; in fact, I think the happiest of us were the ones that ordered the carne pizza ($24). It came on a long bread (think loaf of French bread as opposed to circular pizza). Not bad, but definitely not worth $24.. . The ambiance was nice and the waiter was friendly enough. We paid and quickly went on to the nightclub. . . Nightclub: 2/5. . The hostess had informed us that we would have to wait on line again for the club, but there was a separate, shorter line for dinner guests. She also said that we could just show our receipt and get our free admission into the club.. . We went outside and waited on a short line (the general admission line was about 50 people long by that point). One of the men at the door decided to give us a hard time because we didn't have any stamps from the restaurant (which no one mentioned). He then asked to see our dinner receipt, and said that it would only be good for 2 people (even though we paid over $30/pp at dinner on a night when admission to the club was $20).. . We didn't want to make a huge deal, so we went back to the restaurant, asked the hostess to stamp our wrists, and then got back on line. From here on, we had no more issues and were able to get inside with no cover.. . Inside the club. . The club is often advertised as an "intimate" club. I guess that's a nice way of saying "small".  In fairness, it's not exactly tiny, but after having visited Marquee the night before, the place felt like a watered down, smaller version of Marquee. . . Music was almost exclusively electro/house.  The dance floor was decent, but not as lively as other places I've been to in LV. All in all, not very happening, even though the place was decently packed.. . Downstairs. . The downstairs bar was also open and had some music, but there were very few people down here. It made for a quick escape if you needed a drink (or wanted to smoke, as there was an adjacent outdoor patio section overlooking the strip). . . In the end, we wound up leaving after about an hour. The decor was certainly very nice, but give me a fun place with average decor than a fancy, dry place any day. . . . Overall. . I definitely would not bother eating here ever again, and the club itself was nothing to write home about.  Overall 1.5 out of 5, rounded up to 2 because the decor was nice. . . Pros. . Very nice Decor. Free entry to the club if you have an entree at dinner. . Cons. . Overpriced entrees. Small portions. Feels like a junior sized, watered down version of Marquee. . . Protips: . . make sure to wear a collared, button down shirt at minimum for guys. They specifically said no polo shirts at the club (although I sported a blazer with a polo and was not given any problems). . make sure to get your hand stamped by the hostess before leaving dinner and going to the club in order to get free entry.
This review is for the nightclub aspect only.. . It's challenging to review a Vegas club because all of them suffer from fundamental problems that drive almost any man with a whit of intellect completely batshit crazy. Here's the thing, Lavo is the next evolution in Vegas club nonsense.. . The lines can be ridiculous of course, but these aren't any worse than other clubs ... which is to say that they are a miserable experience.. . The worst, most offensively miserable aspects are how insanely crowded the place is and the staff here. So how crowded is it?  I liken it to the people who try to mash their way into Walmart when it opens on Black Friday ... except constantly. I'm pretty sure that every day when they clean up the place they find two or three trampled girls in skanky outfits who just got lost under the mob. The heat can become unbearable and you'll be begging to leave this steam bath Hell ... but to no avail because you are so cramped in that you can't leave and you are forced to remain there and have people sweat on you. I think they call it Lavo as a reference to a sauna in a bath house.. . Now the staff ... well bouncers are moronic assholes, Vegas bouncers are SUPER moronic assholes, and Lavo bouncers are their kings. These guys are incredibly unreasonable and pushy. They have no concept of listening to logic and are happy to deny you entrance to the club because you happen to want to throw away your drink yourself.. . It gets a second star because the decor of sinks and bathtubs is pretty cool and we met ONE line watching staff member who was cool and talked about sports with us. Otherwise if you have a Y chromosome and two neurons, prepare yourself for a visit to the steamy underworld.
You're in Sin City and you feel dangerous, mischievious even.  You lurk around at Palazzo and follow the sound of thumping, booming....your feet can't help it but to follow the beat....you look into this mysterious dark restaurant and say ehhh why not?!  . . I was here for my sister's 21st birthday and was told for every entree you order you get a free stamp into Lavo the club.  We were told by concierge the food is great at Lavo so it's a win win.  We made reservations for 13, was seated promptly and orders were taken....unfortunately when the food arrived my mouth dropped and I was thinking....THE F did I just pay to eat COLD pasta?!  I ordered the Seafood Alfredo and Oh em gee it was cold, crusted with sauce.  The prawns on the plate looked amazing but the dish was anything but.  We also ordered the bone in rib eye. It was cooked medium rare which was fine but it wasn't anything to write home about...well actually it wasn't anything to write on YELP about.  . . Bottom line if you're looking for a free club this is your place.  They let ladies in for free on the guestlist and ladies drink free from 11:30 to 1am.  The dance floor is TINY.  I mean TINY!  I think it only fits about 30 Snooki's at most!  . . As you are bumping and grinding along strangers drinks are being sloshed all around you and sound system is horrible!  I say come here to pre party but dance and boogey somewhere else. . . Ummm wouldn't come here for the food.  The consensus from our party was we paid a shit load for the food to get into a crappy club.  Just our two cents.
Overall very underwhelming with expensive prices.  We had drinks in the afternoon outside which were decent but dinner that night was very disappointing.. 1.  Poor service throughout -started moment we walked in with the hostess.  Waitress rarely stopped and never after meal was delivered.  Water glasses always empty, plates piling up, you get the picture.. 2.  Only Italian restaurant I've ever been to where one order of bread is complimentary and the rest costs money.  In addition, no fresh parmesan cheese (no cheese for that matter).. 3.  Food was very salty - 2 of the 6 meals in our party were almost inedible.. 4.  Loud, obnoxious club music playing throughout the patio for evening dinner.  I'm all about partying and the Vegas vibe but playing it on the patio at dinner just really ruins the atmosphere.. . Overall a poor experience.  With so many great places to eat in Vegas, you can easily do better.
First the review of the restaurant:.   I would actually have given the restaurant 4 stars, but since this is a combined review of the restaurant & club, and the club I will give zero stars, that averages out to a 2.  .   The food was delicious.  No complaints about that.  The garlic bread to begin with was great.  Their caprese salad had great fresh mozzarella which I love.  I have to say their flat bread pizza was just ok, nothing special, but it's the cheapest thing on the menu and definitely filling.  We ordered a pitcher of white sangria, which was good, but kinda expensive ($70/pitcher).  Overall everything about LAVO the restaurant was nice including the decor, the service & the food.. . Now the review of the club:. Worst club I've ever seen in Vegas!  We went here for free after eating at the LAVO restaurant.  It was about 11:30pm when we got into the club.  YUCK!!!  First of all it was TINY!!  Seriously, the smallest club I've EVER seen.  And then it was SUPER packed with really gross people I might add.  It was almost impossible to dance on the dance floor and we didn't even try getting a drink.  The bar was insane.  We spent 5 minutes here and then I couldn't stand it anymore!  Awful place, I hope you will avoid it after reading my review.  Go to XS or Marquee!!!!  After leaving LAVO (this was on a Sunday night), we asked one of the female employees at the exit where she would suggest going, and she said XS.
I love this hotel; I just wish it had a better club inside of it.. . This club is way too small. There is no where to stand! While I understand that it helps force people to dance, it really sucks when you are not feeling the music. . . The DJ was spinning old school hip hop...but it wasn't old school good hip hop, it was bad hip hop. . . Yes the crowd was older so he was playing to the crowd but unfortunately his selection in music was very poor.
Note: this is a critique of the night club, not the restaurant.. . I have quite an indifferent feeling about this club. I like this club as much as I don't like it.  For one, I'll begin by saying that the liquor portions aren't so bad. For about $14, you get a decent sized cup with friendly portions of alcohol rather than ice and juice(s). Remember totip the bartender because if you don't he or she will barely pay any attention to you in future requests. . . The crowd was quite diverse and dead. Doesn't matter how small a dance floor is, you come to the club and you better break a sweat. I felt like my girlfriend and I were the only ones dancing while everyone else was wiggling their shoulders and shaking their heads. I would like to tell all club goers to learn how to dance whether it be independent or with a girl/guy. It doesn't even matter if you look stupid just enjoy yourself at least. . . The music was quite decent. The opening DJ to Chuckie played some good electronica and it wasn't too repetitive like typical house music.. . Overall, I would not plan go to this club unless there's a very sick DJ, friends, and/or free admittance. It kind of amazes me that they would consider this place a club considering how small it is. If they hit capacity+, I know people would be deprived of clean oxygen. Also due to being only indoor.. .  For a very nice hotel, this is one crappy club. If I were most of you, I would take a walk across the street over to XS or Surrender.
We came here for the open bar. Except we only got 2 drinks because there were so many people fighting for the bartenders attention. It took around 20 minutes to get drinks. Only 1 person working at the side bar? I don't even know what the management was expecting. . . Lavo is very small. The dance floor is small, so many areas are roped off for VIP. The rest of the areas are pretty tiny too,but I guess that's okay because it forces me to stand closer to my friends and thus, less yelling at each other over the loud music. Music is mostly Top 40, quite a difference from the EDM clubs of Vegas. I was surprised when hip hop came on and people got down and dirty. It's hard to grind when you're jumping up and down, fist pumping to house. . . One word can describe this club: Meh. Come if you have nothing else to do and you want to kill some time before going to the other clubs.
Classy looking place, but the food quality wasn't that good. If you're going to charge $30+ for your entrees, at least have them taste really good. Everything we ordered was over-salted. Probably the saltiest food I've had in a restaurant ever. When we told the waitress that, she didn't really pay any mind. We noticed that the same sauces and breadcrumbs were used in the apps and the entrees. At least be a little original with your dishes. I think any other restaurant would care more, but since this is Vegas, they can charge top dollar for average food. The crowds will keep coming in I guess.
Disclaimer: I am only reviewing the nightclub portion of Lavo. There is also a restaurant on the bottom floor that looks trendy, but I've never eaten there.. . I went to Lavo on a Tuesday night several months ago. I was told I was on the guestlist, and when I told one of the bouncers, he put me in a line with everyone else. Turns out that they just put general admission and guest list people in the same line. Then the guy with the clip board told me I was not on the list.. . I ended up paying to get in. I was frustrated at everything (I'm a local) but I kept my cool because I was on date.. . The drinks were expensive (bad place to bring a date) but the music was good. The dance floor was busy but it was possible to dance, unlike other night clubs. Then again, it was a Tuesday. On Friday and Saturday, I could see this place getting way to crowded, as this is a very tiny night club.
The review is for a restaurant, although, frankly, I'm confused why you'd combine an Italian restaurant that serves very comfort-food dishes with a night club. It's not like you can dance to the techno as you're eating. So what do you do during the dinner portion of the dinner? Stare awkwardly at your party because you can't really talk. . . The food is fine, although a bit too salty, and expensive. But the atmosphere makes the place rather unbearable.
Cons: Price (garlic bread is 6 dollars), small portions, poor service. We had a 9:30pm reservation for dinner (group of 4) - we didn't get seated until well after 10pm with no apologizes. . . Pros: Good food, nice place.. . Overall: the food is good but not really worth the poor service, high prices, and long wait times, especially when there are so many other great restaurants around.
Okay, so I went to Lavo the weekend after NYE, so I wasn't expecting a huge crowd. BUT it was a Saturday night, I did expect a few more people....  The venue was okay, the staff was nice but my 2 star rating is specifically for the DJ. Terrible! No one was dancing..and he only played EDM and barely any top 40! Not the classic Vegas DJ mix I'm used to... the DJ was really feeling himself, but was not doing his job as serving the club goers and providing a good time! I will say, his one redeeming quality was playinig my friends request of Beyonce because it was her birthday...
Ambience: Stunning. Service: Spot-on.. Food-terrible. . . I really expected to love this place after seeing the gorgeous pictures on the website, and it is a beautiful ambience. The music is sexy and relaxing and fun, the wait staff is cheerful and efficient. The food unfortunately, was a disaster. I started with the King Crab salad with citrus vinaigrette, which admittedly may not be the best choice for an Italian restaurant in Vegas. But I love King Crab and it seemed like a classy spot so I went for it-huge mistake. I dug into my first bite expecting buttery melt-in-your-mouth crab and came up feeling like I had just consumed a bite of sponge soaked in pledge.  I was willing to chalk that one up to orderer's error, so I played it safe on my entree: the four cheese ravioli. How could you screw up cheese ravioli, right? Well, they managed. The ravioli themselves were just so small, flat, and unappetizing; they made Safeway ravioli look downright decadent. They were not generous and pillowy with ample filling; rather they were small flat with tiny amount of strange sour cheese filling. All in all, beautiful place, beautiful staff, but the food left a bad taste in my mouth, literally and figuratively. i would definitely recommend coming here for just drinks or even happy hour, but do not eat dinner here or you will be disappointed.
I got swindled into going here for dinner because I saw the Lobster Pizza on a travel channel show. The lobster pizza was way overpriced for what you got ($28) they put a few tiny pieces of Lobster on the pizza. We also had the Rice balls App - overpriced at ($18) and not good at all...The only thing that was good was the free garlic bread and sauce. Extremely disappointed with Lavo. Will not return.
I went to Lavo on my second night of clubbing in Vegas and I was not impressed. Even though we had a promoter, we still waited outside of the club for a good hour before we could get in. I dont know what the holdup was but it was very annoying and frustrating. Also, the crowd was not very poppin because I think there was an event going on and everyone happened to be in their 40s or 50s. Talk about bad timing. The music here is slightly less EDM than other Vegas clubs which I appreciated but I was definitely not feeling the crowd. . . The only silver lining to going here was that my friends and I were dancing near someones table and they were super drunk and/or having a good time so they just started to make it rain with dolla billss. I think in total my group made $40-$50 from just going to the club haha. These experiences wont happen again so I will not be heading back to Lavo.. . **TIPS**. 1) From my one time going there, the crowd tends to be a lot older than XS or Marquee.. 2) Enjoy!
Our reservation was for 9pm and we were not seated until 10pm. This seems to be standard operating procedure for them. We first waited for 10 mins to check in with the hostess. She then adds you to a list and gives you a pager - like other restaurants do when  you don't have a reservation. . . Sure, they brought out complimentary calamari for an appetizer after we were seated, but that wasn't enough. They didn't seem to really care or apologize about the wait. At one point a manager stopped by for a quick check as we were eating dinner and we did complain about the wait. He said he would send over a round of complimentary drinks/shots,but that never happened. . . The food was good, but nothing special. I do have high standards for restaurants as I live in Chicago and am spoiled by the food scene here.. . Potentially all Vegas restaurants don't care about service because they have a captive audience - I don't know - but this one certainly doesn't.. . The ambiance was fun - great decor, music. However, it was freeeezing with the AC. We were dressed to go out to a club after - no sweaters or shawls, but if you can, bring one. We were literally shaking throughout dinner but they said they couldn't change the temperature.
DJ spinning top 40's, mainstream house, and some latin music. . Clientele were mid 30's to mid 40's.  i even saw 15+ people whith gray/white hair.  lots of receding hairlines and party foulers.  props to the older people who are still going hard.  i like to see people having fun.. . this would all be ok except our group is in the early 20's, and i felt very uncomfortable dancing around people who are my parent's age.  . . this place was packed and had drinks and glasses all over the ground.  we were in and out within 20 minutes.. . unless you are of the age demographic, i would not recommend coming here. and in the event you do, please wear closed toed shoes.  . . i am certainly not coming back here for like 10 years, in the meantime, i'll go to XS, Tao, or Hakkasan
Ok good. Nothing special. Very loud. Music is not conducive to having since, quiet meal
Over priced mediocre food.  With that said, at the very least the restaurant had a beautiful atmosphere ruined by terrible service.  Although friendly there mo is to turn over their tables as quickly as possible. Drinks arrived after apps served, dinner before salads finished.  As my husband complained to our waiter, we are not at in and out. When paying $28  for  old pasta, expect  a lot more.  Very clear not just from our experience but from others their goal is to turn tables as fast as possible to a point it felt insulting. At the least after we voiced complaints the waiter could of at least offered to comp a drink that didn't show up for at least 20 minutes. Go elsewhere.
I am rating the restaurant only.  . . The food is expensive and not worth it at all.  I tried the grilled octopus appetizer and that was yummy.  If I were to go again, I'd get that only.  I had the Eggplant pasta with mozzarella and tomato.  It had way too many tomatoes and barely any eggplant.  The description made it sound like the Eggplant would be the highlight of the meal but with it barely present, I couldn't taste it at all.  I tried some other dishes that my friends got and none of them were impressive.  I'd prefer a place like Olive Garden than Lavo Italian Restaurant.
Well known upscale Italian restaurant that is quite inconsistent. I have had great meals but recently a very mediocre dining experience. Waitstaff were uninspiring and simply went through the motions. There are many places to choose from on the Vegas strip that will give you a better dining experience.
This nightclub was a dud.  My girlfriend and I stayed at the Palazzo, as such we decided to check it out since we didn't really want to leave the casino.  . Upon our arrival, we were directed to a very long line.  We were supposed to be on their VIP list, and that long line was for VIP guests.  WTF? I might as well wait at the regular line because it moved even faster than ours.  This club did not live up to my expectations.  I expected spacious dance floor, high ceiling, opulent decoration.  What I saw was a tiny dance floor that we could barely move.  The club itself was very small compared to XS and some others.  I felt claustrophobic being inside this place.  My girlfriend's foot got injured because people stepped all over us.  We left after 30 minutes.  It was definitely not one of our best experiences.  I want my money back.  It's good thing we didn't pay or I would have tried to get my money back.
This review is STRICTLY for the nightclub at Lavo.  . . I've been to Lavo a few times.  I was not impressed at all the first time I was there and have only grudgingly gone back for friends birthdays/bachelorette parties.  I'm a local and I just cant understand the hype about Lavo.  The decoration is cool and its a very sexy vibe but for as much as you expect from their reputation, Lavo is TINY!!!! There's really only one square cut out for a dance floor and the stairs that lead up to it are always wet.  I don't personally think there should be stairs leading on and off a dance floor anyway.  Nevermind the few flights you have to walk up and down to get in and out of the club from the restaurant as is. The music was average. Not really much variety. Just all house music.  And it's so crowded in such a tiny space I've been burned by smokers' cigarettes on more than one occasion.  I'm not even a smoker.  Like I said, I understand the Vegas nightlife and I've seen smaller clubs than Lavo but for how many people rave about this place I think it's way over-hyped.
Service mediocre, food mediocre, drinks mediocre. One cocktail $14, the daily special of Kobe skirt flank $46. The grilled octopus was decent though and the Seafood Alfredo was surprisingly good. Get those if you're going to this restaurant. . . Not worth it, per usual with most hotel restaurants.
