CON: I was very disappointed. I guess it is because all my friends told me that Palazzo was better than Venetian. I prefer Venetian suites SOOOOO much more!!! I love the smell of Venetian and Palazzo just smells like FART all the time. I did not like the selection of tables on the gambling floor. The lighting in the suite was very dim. The drawers from the dresser falls onto your feet. The shower was not strong enough. The toliet was reflushing by itself. The place pretty much sucks. If Venetian is offering the same price for suites go for Venetian. TRUST ME! Even the soap, conditioner, and lotion are better from Venetian. If I remember correctly, the crowd at the Venetian Suites has more class too. A girl from our hall screamed STFU down the hall and then slammed her door... uhhh WTF?. . PRO: It is very easy to get in and out of the hotel. They have Grand Lux Cafe. Free entry to TAO when you are on guestlist.
I stay at the Prestige Level in the Palazzo for Super Bowl weekend. Our suite was standard. It was clean but I prefer the suites at Bellagio. I watched the game from the Prestige Lounge. It was very comfortable. They served finger foods and had an open bar starting at 5 pm. We had dinner at Zine. What a ripoff. Aside from Bartolatta at Wynn, this was one of the worse meals that I have ever had in Las Vegas. We paid $140 for dried out chicken, very very standard beef with veggies and mai po tofu that was terrible. I understand prices are inflated in Vegas but comon, $140 for these three dishes is robbery! The people that stay at Palazzo are definitely not as high class as those at Bellagio or Wynn. Overall, my stay was okay. I really liked having access to the Prestige Lounge but I doubt I will stay here again.
The staff is extremely friendly. Their suites are spacious and well worth the price especially if you're planning a ladies outing or with the family. This was my fourth trip to Vegas and one of my top two suites.  There are three televisions (bathroom, bedroom and living room). Vanity, walk-in closet, sitting area. I joked with my mom and told her that mysuite was larger than my 1200 square feet one bedroom but its the truth. . . The casino wasn't overcrowded, they had nice shoppes and a nice selection of restaurants for the most part. . . Just DO NOT eat at The Cut....The food was phenomenal but the waiter informed one of my guests (European male) of that gratuity was not included, which did not rub me the right way and I expressed myself accordingly. Please do not assume that all Europeans do not tip because he is quite wealthy. . . I would have scored them a 4.5 but my experience at The Cut took the taste from out of my mouth.
The room is expensive, and the service is so-so.. . The room service didn't make the room, and the room service soup was overly salty.. . Been to Vegas MANY times, and have stayed here a couple of times.  The casino itself is nice, but they could definitely improve their room service.
Have you ever wanted to feel like you did not belong and be ashamed of the tax bracket you fell into? If you answered yes, you would love this mall. Or, maybe, you fall into the more affluent class and this is the place to be. Either way, a regular Joe like myself does not feel comfortable strolling around.  I am always looking for an excuse to pretend that I am fancy, but there is no point in pretending here. . . I went to the Palazzo on one of our walking adventures of the Strip. This was my first time coming here and Iwas astonished by menu prices at restaurants. I probably stepped into three stores at most while walking through the mall as well. I was too intimidated to enter the clothing stores. . . It was a nice leisurely activity to stroll around, but I cannot say that I will be frequenting this mall.
I stayed at the Palazzo last weekend for a bachelorette party. My first impression was that it is very beautiful. Our room seemed very spacious and comfortable for four girls. Then we realized there was not a coffeepot, the internet was not free, and there was a fridge that had sensors in it like a force field. Even crappy hotels these days have fridges that you can actually use and put water in. . . I was AMAZED at the crappy service at the pool. I stayed at the MGM last time and was asked many times if I wanted a drink. At the Palazzo pool I was asked once. Ridiculous!!!! So we finally went to the pool bar to get a drink and something to eat. It took 30 min to get french fries!! At the time there were also 4 other angry customers wondering where the hell their fries were. The gal at the register didn't care at all. . . The last night we ordered room service. The first two items we asked for they didn't even have and said we must of had an old menu. Why would they change the menu and not make sure every room had a current one?? One of us ordered eggs benedict and it didn't even come with hollandaise??? Am I going crazy??. . I would not stay here again.
The room is huge, the inside is pretty and the people. Bad internet and AC. . Not super centrally located on the strip either so getting to the other casinos can be a bit of a pain...but i guess that's their goal ;)
We stayed here 4 nights, specifically requesting a non-smoking room (my boyfriend is allergic). We arrived, and after 20 minutes ofwaiting in line to check-in, we were told we were put in a smoking room. They said there was literally no other options. We were pretty pissed off since they could have INFORMED us of this and we would have stayed in another hotel, like the Cosmopolitan (we wish we did now).. . They promised the next day we'd be moved to a non-smoking floor.. . The room and hallway smelled so foul of smoke it was unbearable. We luckily were a bit tipsy that night and so didn't notice it as much when we came home to sleep. The next morning, I rolled over and smelled the pillow and air which was rank with smoke. Surprising after having slept in it all night.. . We called again in the morning on the status of moving rooms. They told us they'd call us and have our luggage moved etc. Never received a call. We got home from Cirque and they told us they have no non-smoking room for us. We had to spend another night in hell.. . Finally the 3rd night we were moved. We had to pack all our stuff and were greatly inconvenienced by having to move.. . All this and they removed our resort charge of $75.. . Would never return to this hotel in this life or the next. Seemed 4 star.. . Checkout was also painful. We had to wait 20 minutes just to check out.. . Room: Very roomy and comfortable. Great views of the strip and pools below from the 30th floor.. . Room Service: Horrible smoothie. Worst I've ever had and I'm certain it could never be any grosser. Onion rings were good, but came with some weird curry sauce? Pizza wasn't good - thick rough crust with nothing to it. Pizza pretty bland. The chicken quesadilla was gross... almost every bite came with gristle. Also, big rip off.. the food was incredibly expensive!. . Casino: Seemed pretty nice but we don't gamble.. . Restaurants: We only went to Grand Luxe at our resort, and it wasn't good. Grossly greasy and just low quality.
I'd rather not relieve nightmare but for the same of my fellow Yelpers, I will be brave.. . Let me preface my review by saying hubby and I have always stayed here when we visit Las Vegas.  Our previous stays have been stellar and we thought service was always great.. . Check-in went quickly and was very pleasant.  We were just glad to be there after being on the road for 5 hours. First thing we noticed, however, was the casino was noticeably smokier!  But we decided to ignore in our exuberance at being in LV finally.. . The problem came when we went to pull out the bed in the pull-out and noticed the sheets were dirty and there was a MAGGOT on it.  Hubby immediately closed it back up and I called the front desk.  I described our situation very calmy and the person went ahead and comped our resort fee of $17 for our entire stay (3 days).  . . About 30 minutes later, someone came by and asked if we had requested pull-out bed service.  I said SURE...and he proceeded to pull the bed back out, smooth out the sheet, brushing the maggot discreetly into the crevices beneath the couch.  I had to interrupt him and tell him we needed the sheet changed at which time he mumbled something about getting someone else to come and do that.. . Long story short, it took almost 3 hours and 4-5 phone calls to get someone to change our sheet.  The maid ended up getting to our room at 2:30AM!!. . Other gems:  TV remote didn't work.  Bath products were downgraded to a stinky smelling non-brand, it took some significant ranting to get a measly $100 in comps for our troubles and the pool area was dirty & smelly.  . . We were laying out by the pool when we looked down and noticed a floating pool of puke-like substance at the edge of the pool, accessorized with plastic drink cups, straws and napkins.  We flagged a guy down who very snottily said he would get someone to come by and clean it up.  He didn't.  I caught someone else who actually looked at the mess and was equally grossed out by it.  That was the only way it got cleaned up!  It also took us an hour or so to finally order a drink...we got blown off by the cocktail server a couple times.. . With all the other options available in Vegas now, I'm not sure if patronage will continue here at The Palazzo.
I've definitely experienced better than this 4-5 star hotel. Came to Vegas for the weekend for my girlfriend's bachelorette, and last time we came, we stayed at the Venetian. I've heard the Palazzo better than the Venetian, so I was really excited to stay here.. . We arrived at around noon, but our room wasn't ready yet so we dropped our bags off. We hung out at Fashion Show Mall, got a little something to eat and drink, and passed enough time to hopefully have them get our room ready. Wrong.. . They were super late with their check ins, and didn't offer any information on when they thought our room would be ready by. We spent an hour waiting at the hotel, and they finally hooked us up with a strip view suite. Awesome, but really how much was I going to be in the room?. . Finally got the keys, super excited to lay in bed for a bit, and the first thing I see are someone else's dirty flip flops on the dresser. GROSS! What is this, the travelodge??. . Lastly, we didn't get our bags until almost an hour later! We didn't get to have the dinner we wanted, and ended up getting tired due to all the waiting.. . $200 a night is just not worth it! I'll be looking elsewhere for my next trip!
Just got back from staying in Palazzo for one nite. Honestly I expected better. . PRO:. - The suite is big. The decor seems to reflect some decent investment. - location location location. - some folks are really nice (front desk, bell man) and aim to please. . CON:. - Attention to details: i can clearly see the strek mark on the marble (someone cleaned it but not really fully). for a 5 star... that seems like a miss. . - Cleaniness - there was hair ... HAIR in the bath tub (its very obvious.. cant miss it!) and even stickers on the wall of bathroom. (ew). The glasses in the hotel room looks yucky too.. - Furniture took some abuse. Looks like someone sneeze into the couch and it tried (ew ew). - Service - We were waiting at LAVO to get in. The host pretty much ignore us for 5 mins despite we were right in front of her. She just kept talking to her server. Also, the manager(?) came by close to mid nite and says "Someone opened a bottle and I need this table now, I will buy a round". Ehhhh We can pay for my own drink. A little patience woudl be good ... we were going to be leaving. His attitude was pretty bad. . . bottleline, I dont think I want to go back and likley will ask my friends to check out other hotels. Palazzo doesnt seem up to par for me at all.
I was pretty disappointed with the Palazzo.  We had a Prestige Suite and with the Prestige package we expected a certain level of customer service.  We did get a champagne check in, but had to wait 15 minutes in line.  Our room was not ready at check in, so we had to drop our bags and wander for 2 hours until they called us. . Our room was very nice with a great strip view and really was worth the wait.  We used the sleeper sofa, but didn't have a comforter, only sheets.  When we asked for a comforter, they didn't understand what that meant and gave us more sheets.. When we tried to go to the Prestige cocktail service, they wouldn't let us in with outside food, understandably.  But they refused to hold our pizza box and were quite rude about it.  So we never went to cocktails.  . The shops were nice, but the employees were terribly rude.  The girls at Christian Louboutin were more interested in trying on the shoes themselves rather than help us.  In another clothing store, we asked the name of the designer of a dress, and the clerk said "That dress is $4500".  That's funny, we didn't ask the price, we asked who made it.  Made me feel like Pretty Woman.  . Altogether, the hotel & amenities were great but the service was awful and employees were pretty rude.  I wouldn't go back to be treated like that again.
If you are a serious gambler, you will NOT appreciate the attitude of the craps dealers at Palazzo.  Take the time to walk less than 5 minutes to the Venetian.  These have to be some of the most professional, and enjoyable dealers I've ever had the pleasure of meeting.
FOLLOW UP :  The Guest Service Management contacted me and they have been very kind, helpful and friendly.  They have offered us another try.  We will return next year and I will let you know how it goes:). . . . . . The concierge staff is all a bit snotty, they should be a lot more personable.  I don't understand why it is so difficult to help you.  They should have jumped on the issue with the Strawberry delivery, taken ownership and called guest services and the front desk for me.  They should anticipate my needs rather than me having to pull their teeth out to have my needs met.  . . Dear Mr. Adelson, . My husband and I recently stayed at the Palazzo Hotel in Las Vegas with two close friends of ours.  We stayed from Friday to Monday and they were in their room, from Saturday to Monday.  I have stayed at Venetian a number of times in the past.  As well, we have stayed at the Bellagio, the Green Valley Resort and other hotels too, as we come to Las Vegas 1-2 times a year at the very least.  . I am writing to you because we had a number of negative incidents occur during our stay. As the former Assistant Manager of Visitor Services for the San Francisco Convention and Visitors Bureau, as well as a concierge and front desk agent at five star properties in California including the Sonoma Mission Inn and Spa, I know what to expect from a luxury hotel.  I did not receive the service that I expected from the team members at the Palazzo.  . The following issues came up during our stay.  . 1.  Because our friends were celebrating birthdays while staying with you, we pre-arranged a delivery from Sherries Berries.  The chocolate covered strawberries never made it to our friends.  Although, they were signed for by an employee of yours, M. RIVERA at approximately 10:15 am on Saturday, December 3.   I called your concierge to inquire about this delivery and was told that they don't handle deliveries like this.  I was then transferred to the guest services department.  They told me that the item had never been delivered.  They then sent me back to the front desk and I was told the same thing.. 2. We ended up having to have your concierge deliver another gift of balloons and truffles to them.  I was disappointed as this was now Sunday and they were leaving on Monday and unable to take the balloons on the plane.  The concierge said they would be in their room when they returned from lunch at 1:30.  We returned after 2pm and they were not there.  I called down and was told that the florist didn't have a key.  Apparently, the concierge didn't deliver it him or herself...was this because there was no tip for them too as it was a phone order?  I don't know.  . 3. Speaking of the concierge, I was looking for tickets to the Sunday showing of the new Michael Jackson show at the Mandalay Bay.  I had done some research at home so I knew there were still some $50 tickets available.  I figured the concierge at a luxury resort could help us.  Well, we met the not so friendly concierge on Saturday afternoon.  We asked him about tickets to the show, he grunted and took a look.  He told us there were TWO prices ....70 something and 100 something.  I told him that no, we had seen that there are $50 tickets.  Well, he insisted that there were not any of this sort and he couldn't help us.  We went to our room; I used my iPhone and purchased 2 x $50 tickets.  Seems to me the concierge wanted a commission and there must not have been one on the $50 tickets?. 4. Who in the world decided to block the entire entrance to the hotel from the lobby with the Stiletto Race?  There was barely any walk space alongside the viewers, the tables were blocked and we had to walk all around to get where we wanted to go.   We tried to leave for the KA show at 5:45 But, getting out of the hotel proved to be a pain in the -s.  We eventually got to the taxi line and it took us a good half an hour to get through the line.  We barely made the show.  Why on earth did this get scheduled at such a ridiculous location and why were the guests not warned about how long it would go on and how difficult getting out would be?  . 5. Sunday: Your front desk agents could have averted all this stress by informing us when we checked in that there were a number of events including the Marathon that would cause travel issues.  The entire strip was closed!  Why was there no notification in the Palazzo about this?  We had tickets to Michael Jackson.  We left at 5pm to grab a taxi downstairs.  We learned that there were none.  It took us two hours. We almost missed it.. 6. Last but not least, our room was lovely but there were some details that needed to be addressed; it took 5 minutes to warm up the shower, the vanity mirror bulb was out and the lamp next to my bed did not work either.  I had the mirror replaced but, then didn't want to have to call again for the light.  These things need to be checked regularly in a hotel of this calib
The Palazzo is like a less-pretty version of The Venetian in my opinion. The rooms and everything are comparable but it's just... it's blah-er.. . 24/7 tight elevator security make it a pain to get an escort there though the self-park is the fastest in vegas and allows immediate access to the casino floor. . . If you're a hobbyist I would not recommend you stay here.
Cost cutting is hurting this hotel.  We have stayed at the Palazzo for the last four years at Christmas and every year previously it has been a wonderful experience.  This year it was obvious that the hotel is cutting corners to save money and it shows in the physical plant and in the service.. . The suites are still huge and the extra room is wonderful, but they need to refresh the furnishings.  The rugs had stains.  The couch cushions were so old and beat up that they barely offered any support.  There were chips and stains on the paint, things that by themselves were small but made the room look old and dingy.. . The housekeeping staff is poorly trained with very low standards.  We stayed for 7 nights and the suite was not vacuumed or dusted at all.  Twice the beds were so badly made that we had to have them redone.  The maid had put the bottom sheet on horizontal rather than vertical so that there was at least 4 inches of bare mattress at the bottom of the bed.   . . They only give you the bare minimum of towels and requests for extras get ignored.  Since there is not longer a turn down service in the evening, if you need extras (like if you take a swim and need to shower before going out in the evening), you won't have clean towels in the morning.. . I had very unsatisfactory experiences with the concierge staff and has a guest services staff member (bell/valet) be downright rude over a problem with a motorized scooter that I had rented.  . . I was used to the Palazzo being a showplace with fabulous amenities and beautiful surroundings and a fabulous staff.  I'm sad to say that is no longer the case.  I'll be looking for somewhere else to stay next Christmas.
Reserved a non smoking room, was given a "smoking optional" room.  The smell is horrible.  I expected a little nicer room given how fancy this hotel appears but there are cigarette burns everywhere, even in the bathtub.  I've never stayed in a hotel room that didn't provide a coffee maker. The bathroom is nice-the mirrors are quite kind. The beds are comfy.
Okay, so I live in Las Vegas. The hotels that have been here awhile really have nothing on the newer ones (i.e. Aria, Cosmo) and that definitely colors my view of this hotel. That and their crappy customer service.. . The ONLY reason I even bothered to get a room at this hotel is because my boyfriend wanted to go to Cut (a Wolfgang Puck restaurant) in the Palazzo. In order to cut down on travel time because we'd be drinking I chose to get a room here. Next time I'll just pay the cab fare. . . Checked in and asked if there were any upgrades available. Please note that EVERY SINGLE TIME I've stayed at the Aria I've received an upgrade for NOTHING when I asked. I wanted a nice room for my boyfriend's birthday and was definitely willing to pay a little morethan the $300 I'd already paid for this overpriced monstrosity. The girl at the desk tells me, as I'm rushing her along telling her I have reservations and need to get ready, that it will be an extra $100 with a GUARANTEED view. I say okay, I'll take it. She comes back and apologizes and says that it's actually $150, but she'll talk to her manager and see if she can get that reduced. I ask her what about honoring the rate she JUST gave me. She says she can't and comes back and says $125. At this point my boyfriend is on his way to meet me and we have to go so I don't argue. I get to the room I was overcharged for and find out that the 'view' is actually the back of Treasure Island a huge parking lot. I suppose that it IS a view. I should have been more inquiring about what the view consisted of. My bad. . . We go to eat at Cut (I find Strip Steak at Mandalay is much better, although the service is amazing) and then get back to the room and go to bed. The bed and linens are quite possibly the worst I've slept on in Las Vegas (I've stayed at almost every hotel on the strip). The sheets are scratchy, the pillow have zero support and the comforter feels like the one I let my dogs sleep on in the winter. Never mind the mattress (they try to sell this to you with a pamphlet on the night stand - don't fall for it!). It felt old and unturned. It was a sad stay for me. . . I love decadence and luxury. This hotel tries to make you think it offers that, but it's really a facade. It is none of that. It is a hotel that needs to catch up with its newer rivals and fast. . . On a final note: I called the front desk the next day (as we were so busy the night before with dinner and activities that I didn't have time to address the myriad of problems this hotel presented) and told my story to someone (15 minutes of it) and was then told 'oh, I'm sorry, I thought this would be something I could help with, let me transfer you to guest services.' She comes back and tells me after having me tell this ridiculous story that she can't help and also that guest services is closed, she'll have them call me back. WHAT? Could you waste any more of my time and money? I don't think so, I won't let that happen. . . I wouldn't stay at the Palazzo again if they gave me an upgraded room - I can already tell the view would suck because it sucks from where I'm standing.
It seems like they've looked at most of the details but do you really think I need or will use an old Antiquated FAX machine. NO! I won't. A coffee maker or a means to heat water might just be a nice guest amenity. Yea, the rest is fine but schlepping 15 minutes (yes, it takes that long to get to coffee downstairs) early morning - no fun. . Won't be back.
I thought the Palazzo would be awesome.  I was wrong.  Some of these things are little things, but when taken in combination, are too much.  Some are big things.. . 1.  Worst thing was the smoke smell in the room.  Our first room smelled like smoke.  I asked for a different room.  They apologized, and put me in a different room, with a strip view for the inconvenience.  They said they cannot control what people do in their nonsmoking rooms (but they can, they can charge a cleaning fee).  Our second room was even worse, but i figured that was just the way it was, and wasn't going to complain again.. . 2.  Our shower obviously hadn't been cleaned.  The first time we used it, we were stepping on two plastic covers from disposable razors.  That grossed me out.  I called housekeeping, asking them to clean it properly, was passed to a manager, who seemed irritated by my complaint.  (and can I just say, I'm really not a complainer, but when I spend $250-300 plus tax for a room, I expect more).. . 3.  Bed was incredibly hard.  Couch was very comfy, I actually thought about sleeping there. :). . Other minor things:. 1.  Only got our newspaper about half the days. 2.  Only two drinking glasses in the entire room.  Which we used for cocktails.  Had to drink water out of wineglasses.  . 3.  Paid for the prestige level, wasn't really worth it. Free open bar at night was nice.  Breakfast had a huge spread, but not much in the way of savory items like eggs or cheese.. 4.  Despite high end finishes in the room (marble) they were poorly constructed.  Corner shelf in shower looked like it was about to fall off.  Knob holding the towel bar on the glass shower door fell off.
If you've stayed at actual "World Class" hotels in Paris, Italy, NY, SF and Kauai--you'd probably question "World Class" like us. And not sure it lives up to "The Palazzo is an escape to a life of luxury"--because service and amenities are part of a "life of luxury". Details count.. . ///PROS///.  - Swanky room--well maintained, clean, comfortable, great lighting, good bathroom set-up . - Restaurants galore downstairs w/out the need to grab a taxi. . ///CONS///. - Highly Questionable service. As a professional having had several years in advertising and now user experience--as an experience, Palazzo does NOT pay off on it's own brand promise--nor what they actually market..         + No one greeted us when we stepped out of the Taxi..         + No one offered to help us with our bags--even though two door man yapped with each other and checked out other ladies. They completely ignored us. .         + After check-in--and waiting 15 minutes to have a porter help up with bags to the room--we took off (we had a 10:45 dinner reservation and needed at lead 30 minutes to get refreshed/changed).         + Overall don't expect any kind of special treatment anywhere--most greeters, hosts, etc will barely acknowledge you, kind of nod--that's if they aren't rolling their eyes/bored to death sort of expression. This was everywhere with the exception of our actual servers at Lavo, Azure and the little restaurant/coffee shop near the main pool..         + We called a porter to check our bags Sunday to enjoy the pool (which didn't happen, see my note below)--after being told there were NO Late checkouts available (we'd asked for 1pm--and  noon--both denied). So we had to rush to get packed/ready by 11--only to have to wait 45 minutes for a porter. Hello, why didn't they just allow a late check-out? And we had to call to find out where they were. . . - The room.         + Be prepared to get hella smokey walking to your room--as you need to walk through the smoke filled game room (in the morning it smells like opening a bar from my college bar tending days in Philly).         + For the room price one would expect a far superior hair dryer and products. Come on who wants to check bags for an hour flight--and a 2 nighter in Vegas? This is a baseline user need--and really surprised on both accounts..         + If you forget something like say toothpaste, expect to pay $10 for a 4 oz tube that airport security makes you throw out bc it is over 3 oz. . - The pool.         + ON Sunday ALL of the pools (YES, ALL 7) were "closed indefinitely" for maintenance--including Azure! No information on reopening--and some lame excuse about their filtration system. What? That said, vomit/bathroom mistakes do not equate to ALL pools being closed (we've experienced this at St. Regis where "the" pool where the incident occurs get's closed--with a ETA on opening)--thus we wondered: did someone drown/get killed? Or did someone tamper with the water (like did we need to get tested somewhere)? No info--and no discount. They did offer a 3 min walk to the Venetian to use their horribly small, hip-hop scene of a pool. With NO chairs available. But here is the issue--IF WE WANTED TO GO TO THE POOL AT THE VENETIAN WE WOULD HAVE STAYED AT THE VENETIAN. WE CHOSE PALAZZO TO GO TO THE PALAZZO POOLS. . . . ///IF YOU GO...///. - Drying hair for two days with a crappy dryer only takes life out of your hair and breaks it--so bring your own. A pain for a short jaunt (and carry on) but do it.. - Bring your own soap/lotion. I know, a complete pain if you don't want to check luggage--but the white labeled products are terrible for the room price--and a "luxury" advertised hotel.. - Don't expect amazing service. - Don't expect special treatment as a hotel guest at any restaurant/pool. - Don't expect a late check out (as I think we've had at every other single "World Class" hotel all over the world)--and then expect them to make you wait if you desire a porter to help with bags/check them if your flights is later in the day.. . . ///NO COMMENT///. - In room TV, entertainment, etc...--we brought our iPad for Sirus & Pandora--but you do have 3 TV's. So if you like them--they are there.. - In room bar/foods--only purchased the peanut m&m's--typical $9 deal, so no surprises there. . . . ///WILL WE STAY AT THE PALAZZO AGAIN?///. - Unlikely. . . ***SEE OUR OTHER REVIEWS***. + Lavo. + Lavo the Club. + Azure the Beach Club. + Tao Club. + Sushi Samba
Would not stay here again.. . Arrived Saturday afternoon for a good friend's bachelor party. There is 5 of us in total staying in a Bella Suite. The room is extremely clean. Practically spotless. Very spacious as well. The bathroom was really roomy. Comes with shower and bathtub. The room cost us $400 for 1 night. $80 a person is not bad at all for a really nice suite like this one was.. . Now moving on to the reason I will not stay here again. Call me finicky, but good customer service goes a long way. The employee's at this hotel did not provide good customer service. . . We were told our room came with an Ipod dock at no extra charge. My friend call's the front desk and they give him attitude as soon as he ask's about it. Finally once the agent starts listening to him, the agent says it will be $35 to rent it. We just end up letting it go.. . About an hour later, we call to request 5 martini glasses up to our room. After about 1 hour of waiting, my friend calls room service to check on it. I dont know what they told him, but they end up arriving about 30 minutes after he called for the second time. I mean c'mon. An hour and a half for 5 martini glasses?! Its not like we had ordered gourmet meals or anything. . . Nice, spacious and comfortable rooms. But the service left a lot to be desired.
Where do I start?  This was just a horrible experience.  We were there last October for the Timberlake concert and paid so much for the room.    Not surprising when there are concerts so we knew itwould be expensive.  The room was HUGE!  We asked for a king but got two queens.  We don't tend to be particularly picky so we said it was fine.  The bathroom was huge too and the view was nice.   The reasons I gave it two stars was because of the service. We tend to leave our room so that housekeeping comes and takes care of the mess.  I'm normally not messy because I'm kind of a clean freak so is not like we had trash lying around or anything. We left for four hours.  We figured that should be enough time to get our room cleaned.  We called to get our room clean on top of that because we slept in.  Hey at almost $300  a night.... I figured I can get room service whenever I want.   When we got back  about an hour an a half before our concert our keys didn't  work...  BOTH OF THEM! It took them about 40 minutes for them to get our door opened.  I wasn't happy because I had to rush to get ready.  i rushed so much I broke my FULL CHANEL bottle on the floor by accident.  On top of that... they didn't even clean our room.  I was very disappointed.   They didn't charge us the resort fee for the inconvenience but we didn't even use the pool or gym so it didn't matter to us.  They kept our deposit money for about a week which my husband was not happy about at all! Never again will I stay at the Palazzo.  I rather stay at the Trump nearby.
Palazzo is a great location, but is starting to fall apart.  We got a Bella Suite (there was a large strand of female hair on the toilet).  Beware, don't buy rooms at this hotel on any website such as expedia or priceline.  You don't get the room you were promised, Palazzo hates them and will charge you a $24.00 a day resort fee (even if you don't use their stuff).  Venetian and Palazzo used to be the best, but not anymore.  Seems like they are penny pinching.  And you don't get any freebees (newspaper, coffee, buffet, etc.)
Turd. Bad staff from the top down. Restaurants way below average.( Even compared to Memphis TN)  It was my first time in Vegas but I would not stay here again.  Please tell me there are much better places in Vegas. Supposed 5 star that is lucky to be a 2 star.
First off in defense of the hotel I stayed here between 2006-2010  at least 15 times and always had amazing experiences. The 1,000 point Grazie (players club)room offer was amazing... As a local it was nice not having to drive back to Henderson after a night out at  Tao and Xs. The grazie offer ended in 2010 and this review covers my first visit  as a paying guest in 08/2012. The challenges revolved around the cleanliness of the suite, electrical noises, rattling air conditioners and people entering my suite at 1AM.. . The check in was a breeze, the front desk couldn't have been nicer and went to my strip view regular 700 sq foot suite at 11AM early check in was a breeze. I went to the Palazzo pool deck which is gorgeous but was covered in a shadow until 12:30 PM  and was full of families and people over 60. We walked thru to the Venetian side and  went to Tao Beach which was bright and sunny. Showed our IDs got chairs and enjoyed the day. . . I returned to the suite and started to get situated. I looked out the window and noticed dried black phlegm on the window itself. I turned on the air conditioner and it started to rattle very loud and thought to myself...Have  had this problem in any hotel before?  I decided to call downstairs.... . I re-packed   walked downstairs thru the casino back to the line and waited for new keys. Went to the new suite and it takes 1 second to open the door and hear an electrical sizzling sound. I think to myself have I ever heard a sizzling sound in any hotel  in my entire life. This time I call downstairs and ask to speak to the manager.. . I was moved to a 2000 sq foot Sienna Suite which was nice. The manager took care of my challenges within 30 seconds and it was a good resolution to my 2 hours of aggravation. The suite consists of 3 rooms and a bathroom. Elliptical room, bedroom and living room. Its large and the 1000 sq foot living room is barely  decorated. The bedroom and bathroom was nice. Nothing amazing I'd brag about compared to Aria, Cosmo or Wynn. . . I was tired after caring suitcases up and down elevator shafts and medium long hallways thru casinos to front desks and was glad to get to sleep. . . Now having stayed at Aria the past few stays the door locked automatically and you  press a privacy button and didn't understand why this front door didn't have a lock. So I figured the door sensor locked because it had no chain. (later the security told me I needed to turn the door knob counterclockwise to lock) It was a shocking experience to hear the door open at 1AM in a 2000 sq foot suite and being in the bedroom which is nowhere near  the front door and was pitch black I was pretty shook up. Security came after 10 minutes and they offered to search my suite which I did already 10 minutes earlier.. ..obviously!. . I was very tired...the next two days were average no issues...very good job by housekeeping ha ha ha. . At 5am on the day of departure they slipped the bill under the door and was excited to see about $200 in mini bar  charges that were false. I called downstairs and spoke to a female team member at 6AM and told me she didn't want to hear my attitude so I went downstairs...at 6am to clear it up...They took it off the bill without any question.. . Overall this was a 4/10...very confusing 3 nights and was pissed I paid for this experience. . . I thought about all the other stays I'd had at Aria, Encore and even Cosmo the past 3 years and  tried to balance positive and negatives but in the end I will never stay at this resort again. While a tourist may have overlooked my issues I certainly did NOT.
This hotel has beautiful rooms and some of the staff were very nice. But I stayed here a week and overall the customer service was horrible...that just really killed my stay. Hate it wish I could give it a better rating.
Sadly Palazzo is starting to look and smell a little old and stale in the guest suites area. Came to Venetian 3-4 years ago and all was shiny, bright, fresh and new. Understandably perhaps the luster is starting to fade a little. Still OK but nothing special any more.. . Call down to request  a firm pillow. Hour later no pillow, call back down and no record of my call. Eventually get a pillow - same crap as in the room already.. . Buy the resort upgrade for $19 a day as it includes wireless - then they charge you for both. When you finally talk with a real person (An office person with an attitude) - just an error. Right just do that a couple of hundred times a day - rip off!. . Corkscrew in room broken, iron from the ark and filthy, panel over aircraft vent has to be held up by leaning a cushion against it.. . Palazzo again? No way
Always amazing to me how upscale hotels  can mess up the basics.   When you're traveling on business, things like a clean and working iron are more important than having a TV in the bathroom.
Summary:  Honestly, is this the best they can do?. . Every time I have interacted with the staff at the Palazzo, the end result has been "no". Let me explain. When I originally made my reservation, I specified that I'd like a king-size bed. A week before I arrived, I called and verified that my reservation specified a king-size bed. Tonight, when I checked in, I was cheerfully greeted and told that my room with two queen-size beds was ready. After bringing up the fact that I am a large 6'6" man, the desk person checked and told me that there were no king-size beds available but, I was told, it's just as long so I should be fine. During the search process, I did overhear a telephone conversation that a higher category room did have my requested bed, but I would not be upgraded. I asked if there was anything they could do, and was told "NO." So, it's small-bed hell for me. As a measure of compensation, the front-desk receptionist offered me two complementary drink coupons (well drinks, domestic beers and house wine only).. . In the back of my mind, I keep hearing Jerry Seinfeld say "anybody can TAKE a reservation, it's HOLDING the reservation that's important." If the Palazzo hadn't lied to me during any of the pre-arrival contacts I had with them, I could have easily found an appropriate room elsewhere...say at the Wynn right across the street. But no.... . I took my room key, two complementary drink coupons and suitcases across the crowded and smoky gambling hall on the way to the elevators and decided to stop in the gift shop to see if I could exchange my drink coupons for a bottle of water. Once again, I encountered a resounding "NO", and was directed to a round bar back in the gambling area, staffed by one (1) bartender engaging a patron in conversation, while five or six other thirsty customers smoked and waited for service ahead of me. After five minutes, I gave up and decided I could go without water, and left for my room.. . When I entered the room, I found a threadbare and filthy example of Las Vegas hospitality. Honestly Palazzo, is this *really* your best effort? Really??? I've taken pictures and posted them here, but to describe what I found:. . - toenails under the desk. Nice that the previous guest left me a welcome gift, and that housekeeping preserved it so well.. - some type of bodily secretion on the arm of the couch. Hmmm...could it have been a boy or a girl?. - couch upholstery coming apart. Hey - I'm not a one percenter, I don't deserve a good couch.. - a pool of sticky substance on the marble divider between the room and sitting area. I keep thinking I should see if it really tastes like Tapioca!. - and more that I didn't capture in pictures (sticky drink rings on the desk, sticky hand prints on horizontal surfaces). . Lastly, I had found out that Tim McGraw and Faith Hill were performing the night I was going to be arriving at the Palazzo. I'm really not a huge country music fan, but thought that since I was going to be in town, it would be a nice show. When I went to the website three weeks ago, it indicated that all seats were sold out and that there were NO tickets for me - so I made other plans. When I checked in tonight, there was a sign on the front desk informing customers that tickets were still available. I guess all the scalpers and high rollers didn't want all the tickets after all, and they were trying to sell off the scraps. Well, thanks to Palazzo for helping me to save some money.. . In summary, I'd advise you that, if you're a "high roller", you'll probably get a nice clean suite, tickets to whatever show you'd like to see, and first class treatment. However, if you're part of the great unwashed (like they perceive me to be), your reservations will be ignored, Palazzo employees will recite "NO" every time they see you, and you might or might not get a chance to see a show (and maybe hit the jackpot and get bonus toenail clippings). Personally, I've decided to invest my first two hours in my Palazzo room writing this review, and will spend the next four hours gambling across the street at the first hotel I come to that isn't the Palazzo/Venetian. Frankly, I'm astonished this place has received so many positive reviews - it seems to me that they've really let things slide since I was last here about three years ago.. . My last thought is positive - at least I haven't seen any bed bugs (yet).
I've always had an excellent experience at Palazzo. This past weekend was the first time we had so many problems.. Here's my email to management:. . I am writing to you in regards to a recent stay at Palazzo. My girlfriends and I visit Las Vegas every 6mo for our semi-annual girl's trip. We've been doing this for 3yrs and every visit we've stayed at Palazzo. On our most recent stay this past weekend, it was by far the most frustrating. .  . I booked two separate reservations at Palazzo. First reservation was through the Palazzo website directly for one night on 3/1/13 (conf #HSGD2). Second reservation was booked via American Airlines using my AAdvantage miles redemption for another night on 3/2/13 (conf#101702523). Both reservations were under my name and also for a Bella suite. I originally paid $278.88 for the first night and found a lower rate on your website ($234.08) . I called Palazzo and was told that there will be a credit in my account for the remainder $44.80. .  . Upon arrival, the front desk agent who helped me seemed new to her position. I told her I had two separate reservations but would like to stay in the same room. She said my first night's stay is in a Bella suite but my second night was a King suite. I told her that was not what I had booked. She asked to see the confirmation so I was able to pull it up on my phone. I showed her the confirmation and she agreed it was wrong in the computer. She said this happens all the time and changed it to a Bella suite. I asked if our room keys would be affected and she said no. .  . I made dinner reservations at Morel's because I confirmed on Thursday that they would serve pan seared foie gras on their menu. I'm a huge fan of foie gras and I've been craving it ever since it was banned in California. I was really looking forward to my meal. To my dismay, Morel's was sold out until Monday! I was devastated. I can't believe the restaurant did not have a sufficient supply to last the weekend?! It was definitely a huge disappointment. The restaurant should have planned their menu better in that regards. .  . Throughout our stay, our room keys would not work all the time. We had 4 keys and only 1 was working. We had to go back and get new keys. And even after getting new keys, a couple would still not work. It was a real nuisance. On Saturday morning, we asked Housekeeping to come around 2pm since we were all getting ready in the morning for Lavo Brunch. After Brunch, we had an early dinner at Sushi Samba. When we arrived at our room around 7pm, it was not cleaned at all. We had to call for new towels, toilet paper, tissue, toiletries, etc. It was quite annoying..  . Today I checked my American Express account and noticed there was a charge from Palazzo on 3/1/13 for $302.15 and a second charge on 3/3/13 for $43.97. I called Palazzo Accounts Receivables and was told my account hasn't been closed out so I was billed for another night's stay. She transfered me to the front desk to check out of my room. I spoke to a front desk agent and she told me I was checked out and the $302.15 and $43.97 charges were for incidentals and resort fee. I told her I declined the optional resort fee when I checked in so I shouldn't have been charged in the first place. She said she would credit me. I asked her why it was such a high amount for incidentals and resort fees, and why did i get charged twice? She advised me it's been credited and I should see a credit of $290(?) in 5-7 business days. I was confused with all these different dollar amounts and she sounded extremely annoyed and not helpful on the phone. Then she tells me the $43.97 was actually for room service. Okay, that makes more sense. But I felt like she didn't give me the correct information in the first place, so that's why I needed more explanation. I will look for the credits to appear on my credit card in the next few days. I hope it will come to the correct amount, otherwise I will be calling back. .  . As you can see, this hasn't been the easiest weekend at Palazzo. I think there are some departments and employees that needs additional training and fine-tuning. Thank you for taking the time to read my concerns.
The resort hotel itself is at a decet location (depending on what you have planned) Check in was easy, did not have to wait very long. After tipping for the service, was offered a complimentary upgrade+view. The suite was close to the elevator,  itself was beautiful, however the view was a little disappointing. But we do love the room! Why then only 2 stars?. . 1) House keeping was disappointing, had to call in order to ensure we get our rooms cleaned (and yes we did tip for house keeping as well). 2) After coming back to our suite from our trip - we noticed that house keep supplies were left in our bathroom, since priority service line & front desk line took a long time to respond we ended up placing it back on a cleaning kart in the hallways.. 3) Room service food was meh ..food was COLD, and for the price of $90 for 2 meals, we expected a lot more.. 4) What was worse was the check out part. . A) We did not receive a receipt in our email, turned out that they sent it to the wrong email - it would be a lot nicer if they were to confirm all the information taken down was correct.. B) We paid for a full vacation package, and upon check out we noticed that we were billed for the room!!!! Luckily we stayed behind and ensure that we received the receipt. Can you imagine after coming home from a nice vacation and found out that you were billed incorrectly? The service person could not make decision on the spot when obviously this was an error on their end and had to get an approval from a manager (which i understand) - however having to stand there and wait was not fun especially if you're in a rush to go else where (eg. airport!), at one point i even said to the agent "you know what, it's only $109 - it's okay forget it" ..Anyways, they were able to resolve it at the end. Got the pictures of all the receipts  AND FOR OUR INCONVENIENCE..they gave us two pens (lol) sigh... . Review? Meh, I've experienced better.. . Tip? Service in general was decent, as long as you're polite and tip well you can pretty much get what you ask for done. But expect to wait or having to make that request on your own (house keepig) - oh and dont try the room service, not worth the money.. . Advice? Didn't have to do this when i visited other hotels but i guess human error & mistakes can happen .. double check your bill/receipt before you leave! :-). . To sum it all up, it was a short vacation, we didnt get as much done as we like so we definitely will be returning to vegas.. but we would reconsider whether or not if we would like to return to Palazzo.
Sure the rooms are big and beautiful, they should be for the price. They weren't clean or ready upon check-in and the service is definitely lacking.... Check your bills everywhere as some of the staff like to upcharge your for 'top shelve' when it's not requested. . If you can get through to front desk/concierge, there's not much they can do for basic requests (DVD remote to navigate through DVD's with menus or coffee pot/ kettle). They have removed all the coffee pots/kettles from the suites, so you're on your own to find a decent cup within distance.. Thie room wasn't remotely clean when we arrived and wasn't ready by check in time. We had to go back to front desk to find out what was going on as we had been waiting an hour and a half (only 30 mins past usual checkin- they told us we would get in early) and then another 30 for our luggage. . The pools are nice, especially now that the frat brats have left. The food is delicious at the canyon ranch grill, but again check your bills as we were uncharged $4 for a top shelve we didn't order, so watch your bills!. All in all, not wowed by what you expect for the price you pay...
Major downgrade for Palazzo. My last two visits here had more issues than I care to admit but this last time was unacceptable. Upon checking into my room, everything was dirty. It looked as if the room only had the bed made. The tile floor was filthy and stained in the hallway and bathroom. Stepped on a needle on the carpet and found previous occupants player cards and room keys on the floor. WTF?! Next, the lights were burned out and not working in the closet, the bar, and the lamp on the desk. I also asked why my players club account had been downgraded when I have lost much more money progressively and was initially told its not the money but the time I spent playing...well spent my entire trip on this property playing and lost it all only to find out it has had no effect on my status? WTH? Now that I will no longer stay here, the only incentive I have to go here is that I am lucky here most of the time and I will walk away with my winnings in the future. The pit boss was also a prick, but I won't get into that.
I've been going to Vegas multiple times a year for the last 5 years. I've stayed at almost every Casino/Resort on the strip and have always experienced awesome customer service and had great accommodations. My flights to Vegas has always been early in the morning and I have never had any problems checking into my hotel as early as 8am... until now.. . I booked the Palazzo for numerous reasons: the rooms are very spacious and nice, great places to eat, walking distance to Fashion Show Mall, always had luck in the casino, shopping at the Palazzo is nice, Lagasse Stadium is always a must, the pool is nice and relaxing, and Tao is right there. It was my birthday weekend so I decided to fly into Vegas in the morning from LA at 845am, hit up a pool party around 12, grab some food to snack on, get ready and have dinner by 6pm at Lagasse, then the club. No problem, right? Wrong.. . I get to Palazzo at 11am hoping to check-in (I know that the check-in time is 3pm, which is stated when booking the room and on my reservation confirmation). Bellhop took my bags like usual and I stand in line to check-in.  Unfortunately, there were no rooms available at that time. The woman helping me out said that they're going to clean a room for me and that she will get a couple of hotel room card keys for me and take down my number to just call me with my room number so I do not need to come back to Front-Desk. I thought, ok, this shouldn't take long... So I have lunch at Grand Luxe Cafe, and by 1pm I still haven't received a call, so I went back to the front desk and asked on the status of my suite. They said it still was not ready and that they would call me. If I wanted a room now, they could simply "upgrade" my room... for $150 extra a night. Uhm, no thank you. The woman who helped me said it should not take too long.. We ended up going to Lagasse Stadium to catch some o the NBA Playoff games and have a few drinks. At 4pm, I still haven't received a phone call, so I went back to Front Desk. The gentleman who assisted me said that my room is still not available because the hotel is fully booked and some people have paid for "late-check-out" and check in is from "3pm to 6pm" and the rooms are still not ready. First of all, late check-out is at 12pm, which is 4 hours from when I was speaking to him. 2nd, I've been waiting for a room since 11am. How are they not going to try their best to accommodate me? My room has been fully paid for since March. By then I was just irritated. I explained to him my frustration and the inconvenience this has caused me. All my plans were pretty much ruined. He then asked if I wanted a room at The Venetian. There was a room available there and he can simply transfer my reservation to The Venetian. Where was this suggestion at 11am or at 1pm? Extremely disappointed and frustrated I took the room at the Venetian. The room was just as nice and my vacation from then on after 5pm went well. It's just the HUGE inconvenience I experienced at The Palazzo will definitely come into mind next time I decide to visit Las Vegas...
The room was pretty but it was pretty much falling apart. The front door made noise everytime someone walked throughanother door. The bathroom plumbing sucked and the vent made a loud noise that kept us up. The service for the room was just okay. The casino need better ventilation as it was very smokey. . . What saved our stay was the sweet front desk and the fact that they comped us one night but honestly it wasn't enough for us to return.
Had lunch at the Grand Lux Cafe at Palazzo, waited 15 minutes before anyone came to table 15 to put in order, then 40 minutes to get food! And wasn't impressed with that! Will not return!
My wife and I have been coming to either the Venetian or the Palazzo since the Venetian opened years ago. most of the time we have had good experiences however the last few times this has not been the case. . We took a trip to Vegas for my Birthday and once again made reservations at the Palazzo Hotel. We reserved the Sienna View Suite so we could have a view of the strip. Upon arrival at 1:30pm we asked about the strip view and we were told that yes we will have a strip view however our room was not yet ready. We were ok with this and they said they would call us as soon as the room was ready. We went to one of the restaurants and had lunch anticipating that our room would be ready within an hour or so. After finishing lunch at 3:30 we walked around until 4:00pm at which time we decided to go to a bar and await the call for our room. At 4:20pm we decided to call the front desk and they told us they were sorry we had to wait so long but our room was still not ready and that they would find us another room. We once again reconfirmed the strip view. We then went to the room that they directed us. . Upon arrival to the suite we found that unless you smash you face against the glass there was no strip view; only a view of the parking structures and the airport. This was upsetting as we tend to spend more time in our room than others and we like to have a view. Imagine a view room without a view. . We then turned the TV on in the living room but it did not work. That was enough and we called the front desk to discuss the view issue and the TV. They sent a technician to our room who said the TV needed to be replaced. After discussions with the technician about the view suits he told us that for a view we should be in the 700 wing. News to us but that is not where we were. We were in the 800 wing. . The technician was very nice and also called the frint desk to let them know we were not pleased with our room and the issues. We received a call from the front desk almost immediately and after explaining the situation they told us that there were not other rooms available until the next day but they would give us a discount on that night which we accepted with a caveat that we may want to move to the other room the next day.. The next day we called the front desk at 8:00am and requested to be relocated to a view room at which time we were told that they were booked and no rooms were available. Really, that is not what we were told the day before. When I questioned this they told me that I accepted a discount and that the other room option was not available anymore. Wow. After further discussion with the front desk we were simply stuck in the room we were given with no view. What a waste of valuable time when you work 12-14 hour days and only get a short getaway once a year. . We will be going elsewhere in the future as it seems the customer service is going down at the Palazzo.
First glance and this is a very striking place, but after 15 minutes on the casino floor, the smoke will burn your eyes and give you a headache!  They do have "smoke free corridors" for walking to and from the elevators, but it is not managed so you walk thru the smoke just to get to your room.  Very difficult for a non-smoker who is very allergic to smoke!. . The suite was nice and large, but the bed was uncomfortable, the A/C would not cool the room and the air was VERY dry.  The bathroom toilet made a "breathing" sound when filling and was noisy both in the room and from the room upstairs.. . Our last visit wasto the Venetian and the rooms were much better, the beds were more comfortable and the toilet did not "breathe".. . This would not be a place I would try again for the price.  Too much bling and not enough class.
Honestly this place is majorly overrated. I stayed in a suite and the furniture is super old, the heater would not work and they had to send someone to the room to fix it. the closet is super small, the towels had holes. I expected more but i was just disappointed. The wynn or encore are so much better.
The entire 16th floor including my room smelled like sewer gas (and we weren't the only ones saying this).  It was nauseating. We asked to be moved but the hotel was full. They sent up an air purifier; thoughtful, but did not help. We nearly packed our bags and went to a neighboring hotel.
