I come to vegas very often atleast every other month. I ended up at Luxur due to the busy weekend and not being able to book pretty much anywhere else for under $200 a night. So when I got a huge deal through VIP for $69 I said heck Luxur it is. . Let me say that for $69/night I have absolutely nothing bad to say as it was worth it but knowing what else exist in vegas at reasonable prices it would make this hotel not worth it at full price. . I can easily compare the service, attitude and rooms to a Motel-6. . The bed and the bathroom was very worn down and gross. . If you want to try the spa I suggest you coverup well as it looked very dirty. . Do your research but if you get a great deal like me you might be able to deal with the situation.
Sad. Sad. Sad. . I've stayed at a lot of places around Las Vegas.  Everything from the old Westward Ho and Circus Circus to Bellagio,  Venetian, Palms and several others.. . Luxor was a surprise and not a good one.  . . Of course, like all strip hotels it has pretty nice public spaces and c'mon, the pyramid concept itself is pretty cool, butt he rooms are just sad!. . On this visit, the pools and spas are drained, my rooms and others I know of are dated, worn furniture, worn beddings, marks on walls.. . And don't even think to expect a hot water/coffee maker.  That's only for the Motel 6s and Holiday Inn Express...ok, sarcastic there.. . As there is a mandatory resort fee...not really what sure for as the pools and hot tubs are shutdown...internet is included with that $16/day fee.  Not wifi...it's the old ethernet cable.  What a hoot!. . Big picture:  PROS:  Clean & simple.  CONS:  Dated, WAAAY overdue for a renovation, no amenities in the room at all.  . . Verdict:  For the price, there are many more choices and I won't choose this place and that's being very fair.
So my parents took my boyfriend and I to Vegas for 2 nights and we stayed at the Luxor.  I can't really speak to the value since I didn't pay forthe rooms but overall none of us were all too impressed.  Upon check-in, we were treated fairly rudely by the desk attendant.  My mom is a travel agent and had been guaranteed a certain rate and the lady was quite indignant with her.  Our rooms were not ready (it was noon and we knew we were early and we were not expecting them to be ready).  However when we went back, about 5 minutes before the regular 3:00 check-in time we were once again curtly "assisted" by the same lady.  We asked if our rooms would now be ready.  We were told that just because 3:00 was their regular check-in time it did not guarantee that the rooms would be available.  Let me see if I understand this?  You have reservations, you check-in right at check-in time and you may not be able to get into your room?  Doesn't make much sense to me.  Anyways, we were surprisingly able to get into our rooms about 4 doors away from each other.  The rooms (tower deluxe) were nothing great.  The bed was comfortable and that's about the only positive.  Not enough towels or pillows.  My parents' room was missing a lamp.  No full length mirrors, only the ones on the big TV/closet cabinet.  And what hotel in Vegas can justify not having a safe in the room???  Don't they know people come to Vegas to gamble??  Also would have appreciated a mini-fridge of some sort.  We didn't eat anywhere except for the little deli which wasn't too bad.  The food court is only open til midnight which made us take our late night (read 1:00am) craving for pizza over to New York New York.  Most of the dealers and other staff were nice enough.  Didn't gamble a ton there but most of the time able to get drinks fairly easily but we were there on a weekend.  My boyfriend and I went to the Bodies exhibit which is something I have wanted to see for awhile.  It was very cool to me...I would skip buying the audio tour though.  Not enough info to justify $6 in my opinion.  But was definitely worth checking out.  All in all though we won't be staying at the Luxor again...and you can be sure my mother won't be recommending it to any of her clients ever again!!
Not a good first night:. 1. The rooms are dark. Energy saving fluorescent lightbulbs that are dim, and there aren't many of them. Hard to read by the little light offered.. 2. No decent chair - can't get any type of work done if you're here for a convention (as I am this trip).. 3. Voicemail in the room is flooded with advertisements from the hotel. No way to turn it off.. 4. Service requests take 30-45 minutes.. 5. No wireless internet.. . Bottom line: it's cheap and it shows. Cheap is the only thing going for it so far.
currently @ the luxor as we speak.. . we booked through mlife and to be honest, we had stayed here before and it was awesome... THEN.. . we came today to a very moody and very unhelpful concierge. (unfortunately I forgot her name) leaving me in a pissy mood.. . When I booked with mlife i was told all was taken care of. but was it? NO.. . first things first our room. we had no options. we were told by mlife that an late checkout would be complimentary just to find out they want us to pay 40 to check out at 3.. . we had no options with the room and was told we had 2 options.. a. smoking room with 2 beds (honestly, i only need 1 and the point of having 2 is just scary). . b. non smoking with 1 bed but at the far west tower.. . .. ok so I got the non smoking i mean i can always smoke in the hall way right?. . . push come to shove we walked all the way to the west tower with our luggage no one to help.. . just to find out. . . HEY OUR NON SMOKING ROOM SMELLS LIKE WEED!.  . yay I call the front desk (first of all the smell was making me naseous and second my butt wasnt going to get charged for smoking weed when i didnt and i dont.). . i got a very moody (please fill in the word moody with any unpleasant words) manager and told me that she would send room cleaning up to spray the room. i said no. i want a new room. so, she told us we can either come down or they'll send a bell boy to us to give us our new keys. (considering how far yes i will take the boy even though it took 15 min for him to arrive) . . SHE telling me that the sprays that the house keeping uses is SOOO strong that they can't smell the weed. (rolls eyes it just means that they dont check and does a half assed job cleaning). . we went to our new room. OUR KEYS DON'T WORK.. . me being pissed and annoyed i went down to the desk talked to the manager pissed and oh so upset since it was 6 already and we had 7 o'clock shows for criss angel which i already told them.. . he said that he would switch me to another room and gave me an option.. . 1. go back to the west tower and get a room upgrade (only difference being a jetted tub). . 2. closer room but downgraded.. . my face being (.................) i took option 1. no one really apologized or offered to carry the luggage.. . this was just being my check in and it took a little over an hour getting a frikkin room.. . oh and the bathroom does still smell like weed yay. atleast the room doesnt.... sigh.... . left the room at 645 to pick up our tickets.... (we stayed 5 min in the room and we arrive around 530..)
We checked out on 2/14. I called around 9 asking them if we can check out at 12 instead of 11 and they said it was fine. (one star right there). . As were packing we decided to see how much our total was and checked on the TV. 206? Why? Then we see x4 16.80 resort fee so we cocked our heads like little lost puppies wondering why.. . We go down to check out and ask them and they cocked their heads staring at the screen wondering why. (this has got to be my worst hotel experience in vegas) Either ways things got cleared and all resort fee's were removed so out total was 110. In the end considering the whole experience I think it should've been less.. . I wasted too much time on the first day trying to get a decent room.
Having stayed in the "new" rooms I have to say the rooms are on par with everything else. Nothing special but they are a hike from the hotel into the "new" area. . . Beyond the room I really have no reason to stay here. Limited to no shops to look at, the food court is no better than what they have at your average mall and they are very limited with what they have for additional restaurants. Night life here flat out sucks. LAX is one of the worst clubs on the strip that will cost an arm and leg to get into and if you don't feel like doing that you'll end up at their lame hotel bar. . . The worst part about this place is trying to walk through the hotel and being hustled by their timeshare people. I feel like I am being sold timeshares or show tickets at every bend and its flat out annoying.
Oh, Luxor......where do I begin? . . I'll start with the good things. Of which there are few. . . Pros:. Check in was relatively fast considering we got in friday night around 9pm. . . Had a tower room, 10240, and was pleasantly surprised! There was a brand new, large flat screen TV which I was not expecting. The Ethernet cable was very long and stretched all the way to the bed, which was a must since we brought our laptop. Shower was great, as was the deep bathtub. We had two queen beds, one for sleeping and one for piling all of our souvenirs on lol. The bed was COMFY!! It was hard coming back to my cheap, firm bed. . . Even tho we were in a tower room, the walk to the Excalibur walkway was only about ten minutes or so, not too bad. . . And that is where the pro's end. . . Cons:. . I knew to expect a Resort Fee, but it was still ridiculous to pay $17 per person, per night for access to the fitness room (which we never used), local paper (which we never got) and internet. The pool was closed so that was pointless. So we basically paid almost forty dollars a day to use the internet. Blah.. . Our television didn't work when we first checked in. Now, I understand when you go to vegas, the last thing you plan on doing is watching TV. But my boyfriend and I like to wind down our day by laying in bed and watching television, so this was dissapointing. We called and while we were out, they brought a new remote control to our room, thinking this was the problem. Well, whoever brought it didn't check to make sure it worked, and it didn't. Turned out there was a problem with the TV and a technician had to come fix it the next day. Boo.. . On our third night, we heard SCREAMING coming from the hallway. We listened at the door and could tell something bad was happening. I called security and they asked if it sounded like people having fun. Um, no, this is Vegas and I wouldn't call if I heard people having a good time! Ten minutes later, a woman was still screaming bloody murder, and I could here people scuffling and being thrown against the wall. I called yet again and they said someone would be up. Another ten minutes later, security finally arrived. A woman had been beaten buy her husband and there was blood all over the floor. Why it took TWENTY MINUTES to get security up there is beyond me, and very disappointing. . . On our last full day, we had to online check in for our flight and print our boarding passes. We called the front desk and they directed us to concierge. Well, when we got down there, we were told ALL of the printers were down and wouldn't be fixed till the next day! WHAT?!?! First of all, the front desk and concierge are not far from each other, so how did the front desk not know the printers weren't working? Second, I'm sure tons of people needed to have their boarding passes printed, why should it take a whole day to have someone get this fixed? AND THEN when we tried using the self serve stations, those didn't work either! We had to wait hours before we could use them and by then, we checked in so late my boyfriend and I were in a position where we might not be able to sit next to each other on the flight home (we flew southwest).. . And lastly, THE TIME SHARE PEOPLE!!!!!! ACK!!!! We initally did pretty well avoiding them at all costs, as they were easy to spot. However, my boyfriend made the mistake of making eye contact and we were sucked in by their tractor beam. After hearing their pitch I started pulling my boyfriend away, and one of the guys kept asking me "Why don't you want to do it, miss? Why not? Why don't you want to?", in a very bully-like manner that made me uncomfortable. I get why these people are here, but they should have a code of conduct to follow, and clearly they're allowed to do or say whatever they want to. . . Final summation? It was an okay experience over all, HOWEVER I will never be staying at the Luxor again and would not recommend it to anyone going to Vegas.
Oh dear lord.. . The Luxor is another entry in a long list of places in Vegas I haven't set foot in in FOREVER up until recently. I did a major facepalm once I heard they were removing the Egyptian motif, however, once I walked through here (on my way to Mandalay Bay), I realized how half-assed all of it was.. . On the bridge from the Excalibur to the Luxor it's still just as Egyptian as it was years ago, come into the casino, and wallah! A complete rip off of trendy, hipster places like the Palms and Planet Hollywood! However, as you walk into the lobby, the giant statue of Ramses is still there. Go to the 2nd floor, and all the decor is exactly the same. The outside facade is...... exactly the same.. . Congratulations, Luxor. All of this is more than enough proof y'all should have just stuck to the Egyptian theme. . . PS: I will never forgive you for removing the Games of The Gods arcade.
This was my first trip to Vegas. I wasn't sure what to expect, but I guess I had my expectations set too high. . . The room we had was nothing fancy (for the price we payed). We had a spa situated right next to a window to look at the ugly desert and mountains. We had a king size bed which was pretty comfortable. The dated armoire had a 27" t.v. from 1990. The floor was something I did not touch with my bare feet. The room had a seating area to the side which offered a second t.v. from 1990 coming in at the size of 16". A refrigerator was included, along with a deep purple, egyptian style couch and matching chair. Everything in the room just seemed dated. The bathroom was the only nice thing about this room. The lighting was definitely not great, super dark! . . The staff was nice when we checked in. Not very helpful with explaining answers to questions we had. They have a 'quick check-out' section, but I was apprehensive to use this method for fear of being over-charged or something. . . If I ever go back, I will not be staying in Luxor. I'm sure we can find something much better for the amount we spent.
I filled out a survey for this hotel for my stay. (Yes I was still pissed).. . The manager or whatever did offer us a 1 night comp stay... . But I dont think I will be coming back.. . Sorry Luxor I'm staying with your sister hotel. The Mgm.
I miss the Luxor of old days. Where you could stand on the casino floor and look straight up to the light (and hope no hotel guests decided that was the moment they were going to jump). Alas, they've since blocked everything off and tried to hippify themselves. And while not a total fail, I liked it better years ago. Add in the fact that there are no great restaurants (Cathouse no longer serves food, Company is gone, etc.), the pool is lackluster at best, there is no shopping or decent shows... And well, there becomes no reason to come here. Frankly, the main thing they have going for them is the fact that it is all inside a giant pyramid with a light visible from space. And while the whole pyramid and light visible from space thing kinda makes it a must-do, you can do it from outside.
I am not a fan.  There's always salespeople trying to sell you something.  It's spooky and dark.  I was on a mission to find craft beer, no luck.  Since Luxor is connected to Mandalay Bay, I found myself just walking around and checking stuff out.  I like looking at the Luxor from the outside, but, eh...there's no reason that compels me to stay.
Gah!!   We arrived late in the evening and were given a room with two queen beds (we wanted a king) and when we went down to change rooms, the one we got had a king but also stained carpets, a broken door on the armoire, a plugged drain in the shower , a TV with a volume contral that could not be adjusted, and some indescribable substance smeared on the door frame of the bathroom .  YUCK!!!!  . . Hotel NOT accommodating to our need to store a large cake in their walk in refrigerator.   Buffet just OK, and gaming tables too pricey.
Stayed in the East Tower. Had to call security to rooms on both sides of us on separate nights. To be fair, security sorted them out pretty quickly and asked us if we wanted to move. The cut of the people staying at the hotel is much more likely to be party drinkers and vomiters than other hotels I've stayed at.. The breakfast place at the back of the casino had great wait staff and a really good breakfast. . Wouldn't stay here again though, unless I could magically become a college student again.
Not the standards I would hope. . Staying at the Luxor for 7 days. First time in Vegas, and I have to say I was expecting more for the money.. . Pros: . Spacious washroom with both shower and soaker tub.. Clean. Plenty of closet space. . Cons: . "Upgraded" from Pyramid room to a room on the third floor of the East Tower - roof level with a lovely view of the roof, air intake units (complete with constant humming), and the side of the pyriamid. Would have been nice to see a tree, plant, or even sunshine.. Looonnnnnggggg ethernet cable behind the television stretches across the room and almost reaches the desk. Tripped over  the cable several times. No wireless internet. Room service dishes sat in the hallway two days before being picked up from the room next door - I don't get the impression they are service oriented.. A maze of hallways and elevators to manouver through to get to the room.. Smoking in the casino common areas - smell like smoke at the end of every day. . Overall, it's a hotel. For Vegas, I guess I just had my hopes set a bit higher.
I recently had the opportunity to visit Vegas and wanted to stay on the strip. This hotel fit the bill in that regard. However, even in an upgraded suite I was not pleased.. This hotel needs some serious updating. Both of our TV's were big tube TV's, the sofa and chair looked like they had been ridden hard and put away wet. They were faded and sunk in in spots. . This hotel does not offer WI-FI at all, free or otherwise. They do have 'wired' interet that is free. I found this to be a pain. There is a black box attached to the TV that i supposed to have an ethernet cable attached to hook up your computer. Neither of my TV's had the ethernet cord necessary for internet hook up. When Icalled down to the desk, the woman had me pulling both TV's off the shelf to see if there was a cord behind. I told her there was not a cord behind either TV, and she sounded like she didn't believe me. . Finally she agreed to send someone to check it out. A man came and saw that there was no cord available and hooked one up that he had brought with him.. . I found out that any hotel on the strip will loan a wheelchairto someone in need, whether you are a guest of their hotel or not. The Luxor charged a $15 per day fee even as a guest ofthe hotel.. . Less than friendly staff!. . Also the atmosphere was not as Vegas-y as I would have liked. . . I do not recommend staying at this place.
The pyramids were built 3200BC and this is about when the rooms at  the luxor were last updated.. . Musty orders, dingy carpet, peeling ceilings, well worn furniture, stained curtains and CRT tvs are some of the relics you will find in this site.. . Long slow moving check in lines and slow delivery on requests to the font desk come with the added resort fee.. . The one neat thing here is the elevator, after a few drinks going up at a slant is quite interesting.
Carpet in room was heavily stained.. . Maids did not replace shampoo, soap or tissues as needed.. . Extras were an iron, ironing board and hair dryer.  That is it.. . Room AC/heating system had two settings, too hot and too cold.. . Cheapest lighting I have ever seen.   If they only want 25 watt bulbs they could at least go with compact fluros so you can see.. . They LIE about room charges.  If a particular charged is REQUIRED then it needs to be added to the price listed for the room,  not tacked on after you check in.  YOU  had better figure on an additional $10 per night regardless of the rate you get quoted.. . No bathtub in my room.  But on the flip side the shower drain was partially plugged so did get a three inch bath for the feet.. . Antique pre-HIDEF television sets with unreliable cable.  Nothing like watching MONK and having the TV cut out just as he starts explaining the crime.. . No WIFI.  You actually have to connect with a cable.  Ever try to do that with an IPAD?  My wife had her laptop so was happy but I had to use my own WIFI for my IPAD.  Hotels in Winnemucca  are more cutting edge. . . Crappy toilets.  (Pun intended.)  The bowl is so shallow you have to flush two or more times to get the toilet paper to go down..  . They do not have a pool.  They got a three foot deep wading pool fit for four year olds.  If you like to swim, go somewhere else.. . My wife and I played $1000 on the dollar video poker and only got ONE  four of a kind.  That means the money went fast and we only gambled two nights out of seven.  The comps suck on top of the bad pay offs. . . Only place we stayed at that was worse was the Sahara and that is getting closed down.
I've stayed in many hotels in Las Vegas.  Unfortunately the Luxor was the worst one we have been in.  I know our stay may have just been an unlucky visit.  However, so many things went wrong.  There is a big difference from a 3 star hotel, and the 4 and above.. . When we got into the elevator there was an old lady trying to get to her floor.  Her card didn't work properly.  After we talked to her, she had been up and down 3 times and it kept passing her floor.  We used our card and it passed it once.  Finally it allowed us to got off on our floor.  Not sure about the old lady, because she was still on it when we left. . . The room is okay.  We stayed in the original building, not the tower.  Supposedly the tower is newer.  We wanted the feel of the original building.  The bathroom is good.  The biggest problem I had with the room was that there was a table spoon size yellow stain right on top of the sheet/comforter.  I say sheet/comforter, because it isn't a comforter, but thicker than a sheet.  Luckily its warm enough to not need a comforter.  Any how, if I can see a stain on the comforter when I walk in, then it should have been noticed by those cleaning the room.  . . After we settled down we wanted to watch tv.  First off all hotels in Las Vegas should have a tv larger than 19 inches, and I would expect a flat screen.  Guess that's why they are not rated 4 stars.  Then again it is probably so you go out and gamble more.  We tried using the tv but that batteries didn't work.  It was too late to worry about getting batteries or using the small buttons on the tv for it to work.  . . The internet is wired.  They haven't figured out technology for wireless yet.  It would cost too much to do that.  . . We later used the elevators again.  Once again they didn't work properly.  Someone else was stuck on it again.  Don't follow the directions on how they tell you to use them.  It says to remove card quickly.  If you do, expect to be on there for a while.  . . Anyway, I would have rated it with one star, but the people at the front desk are really friendly.  Plus, the beds are really really soft.  If you like firm beds, go somewhere else.
A few things they don't tell you:. 1. Mandatory resort fee.  $18 per night for internet, etc.  There is no wireless.  Both my husband and I do a lot of our work remotely. Once he logged in, it would allow me access.. 2. Our room was in the tower.  It's quite a hike out there- and after you meander through the maze of back hallways to the elevator, there is a long line to get on.  The wait can be up to 10 minutes. We ended up trudging up the stairs (not easy to find) to the 8th floor instead of waiting.. . Last but not least- they have a strong scent in the air that gave me a pounding headache. If you have allergies at all, this is not the place to stay.
OMG!  Do NOT stay in the Pyramid.  Try to get a room in the tower.  There are no coffeemakers in the rooms.  My room in the Pyramid was gross.  The shower was covered in mildew.  The doorknob was missing off the closet.  There was a huge hole in the bedsheets.  But the worst thing was the clock & light on the nightstand were unplugged and when I went to plug them in I found an inch layer of fuzz, some business cards and used Q-Tips behind the nightstand. Eww . . I called down the first time to see if I could get a coffeemaker (I was there for work) only be told by the Manager Micheal that he couldn't (or wouldn't) help me.  He was not very nice at all.. . The only reason I give two stars is because after I saw the used Q-Tips I called down again and talked to another manager named Jimit.  He was very nice and helpful.  He immediately put me in a room in the West Tower which was MUCH nicer.
Went here with friends for a girls weekend and the hotel was clean and rooms were ok, nothing really special about it. Rooms were average did have some stains on the curtains ewww! I wouldnt stay again cause its way to far from all the nightclubs and it didnt seem as lively as the other hotels i've stayed in before!
Rooms are OK and affordable. Internet service is awful - no WiFi and, while there is an Ethernet cable, it's about 8 ft away from the desk! Who planned this place? Even when connected, throughput is glacially slow. AT&T 3G service in area is also awful.. . Service at registration desk was very nice but employees of property shops don't speak or understand English too well, so expect a huge amount of frustration, even for the most patient of you.. . Sum: stay elsewhere.
I wasn't that impressed with Luxor. It could've been that I left this hotel after two days to go stay at MGM. The $17 resort fee is bullshit because they BARELY provide you with anything. They'll give you a newspaper, but you have to get it yourself, and they only have an ethernet cable for internet. No wifi. . . Also, my mom's pillow had a stain on it. . . The pool was ok. Nothing special in my opinion.
This was one of the few places we booked along our road trip without looking at the reviews first - lesson learned. The exterior is deceiving and fun to look at; not comparable to the interior rooms. We stayed in the pyramid, and were so excited about the super low rate we got online. We knew the pyramid was older than the towers, but were still expecting a decent room considering we were staying on the strip. When we checked in, the desk attendant told us we would have a view of Excalibur; wrong. Instead, we had a view of a deteriorating rooftop and part of the Luxor tower. . . There is no wifi. An ethernet cable is provided, but my husband had to dig around behind the TV to restart the router in order to get it to work. Our shower was clogged. After 5 minutes in the shower I was standing in still water. I had to end my shower early before it started overflowing onto the bathroom floor. We called maintenance, and left to wander around Vegas. When we returned there was a big black ring around the drain, indicating they had used a plunger to unclog our shower drain, and didn't clean up the mess.. . In the evening, the hotel was deserted; hardly anyone was walking around. We figured it was because it was a Tuesday night - wrong again. We walked to the Bellagio for the dinner buffet and the place was packed. People everywhere, enjoying the offerings of the Bellagio.. . I'm glad we only stayed for one night, and very glad we didn't "upgrade" to a different room; I'm sure we would have been just as disappointed and out more cash. I've stayed at The Signature Towers at MGM, and it was a completely different experience. The Luxor is bleak in comparison.
As a kid I was really into Egyptology stuff, and in 1996-ish I was staying with an uncle in Arizona, when my mom picked me up to take me back home to Oregon we flew out of Las Vegas, we had the time so my mom took me to the arcade in the Luxor and that awesome.. . But that was a long, long time ago.  I recently booked a vacation on a whim to Las Vegas and was excited to see we would be staying at the Luxor since I had awesome memories nearly 20 years ago.  But a lot has changed in 20 years - but you wouldn't know that by the rooms at the Luxor.. . Like many others we were hit with a fee when checking in we didn't even know about and there was no getting out of it.  We were told free continental long distance was included in our room, but that didn't turn out to be true.. . Then onto our room.  The way the elevators are placed in the Luxor there are two in either corner, well our room was in the corner not near the elevator.  Which basically meant we had to walk to one end of the casino to get the elevator then walk all the way back to get to our room.  Not a big deal, unless you've been out walking the strip ALL DAY LONG and by the time you get back to your room and your buzz is wearing off the last thing you want to do is keep walking, and walking, and walking, and walking.  The elevators are also kind of frightening.  They had more turbulence then our flight in and I thought for sure we were going to get stuck in them one evening.... no they just paused..... for...... a..... terribly.....long....... time.. . The room itself was dingy and grimy and the smell could knock you out.  I'm a pack a day smoker and the air quality in our room was disturbing.....  Our air conditioning had a mind of it's own, sometimes the room was so cold you needed a parka and other times I was sure we were baking alive in the room.. . I didn't find the staff to be particularly helpful or friendly in an area of the hotel or casino.  Everyone who worked their seemed to hate their life and hate ours just for being there.. . Sooooo.... would I stay there again?  If it was the only cheap place I could find - maybe.   But I think you're better off if you're booking online to spend the fifty bucks up and stay at a different hotel.   Also, it's so far down the strip it's kind of no-mans land.
Nice place to stay the $16.80 resort fee per night is a little hard to swallow. . . Tower rooms were nice, spacious and clean. No WI-FI! Claims to have internet in all the rooms, but no-one could tells us where the Cat-5 cable plug was :( . . Some good deals going on right know, $54 for three attractions, or $75 for two shows. . . Hit up restaurant.com for discounted dining, T&T is Taco's and Tequila if restaurant.com is having and 80% off sale (join their mailing list and you see all of the sales) a $25.00 voucher is only $2.00. $25.00 voucher spend over $35.00 and dinner and tip will cost you $17! . . Poolside weekday Sun - Thurs rentals are as follows $25.00 for two chairs and shade umbrella, $75 for a day bed and two chairs, $150 for a cabana.
Overall was very disappointed as on a previous stay we were at the Mirage and paid far less for a much nicer room.. . Checked in and were given a room on the 3rd floor, south side of the building. Room was clean but just had a dirty vibe. Window view was of a loading dock and there were water stains on the window coverings. Stopped at front desk later in the evening and was told to call after 11a for a new room. In the morning we were moved to the East side of the building, 11th floor. Room had a better view and wasn't as shabby. TVs were not flat screen in either and there is no wireless. Cell signal inside (ATT) was crappy too.. . Casino floor looked to have been updated - staff was friendly.. . The inclined elevators are truly a marvel. Wish they had a see-thru one.. . Pool area was clean and there are a lot of paid areas if you want a bit more privacy. DJ was spinning tunes starting at about 11a on Saturday.. . I'd stay here again for $39/nt but if you're paying hundreds like we did, spend a few more and stay elsewhere.
Never again.... . As we chose to head to Vegas forprobably one of the most crowded weekends Vegas has ever seen, we chose to stay at Luxor since it seemed to be more friendly on the wallet than our usual other end of the strip.  Luxor is one of the older hotels on the strip and this is how I broke it down: nice on the outside, okay looking in the casino/lobby area, and why the eff am I here in rooms.. . ROOMS:. Two Queen beds, tube TV, dresser, dining table and chairs. No safe (wtf!!). No closet. No wireless (I laughed when I saw my friend had to run the Ethernet cable to her laptop). Clock radio, no aux cable or ipod charging deck. Only a shower, no tub . Bathroom lack ventilation (I take hot showers and it was horribly stuffy coming out). Lighting is horrible. After noon, you have to call to get maid service . . POOL:. Okay, so I actually enjoyed the pool. I got to the pool right before 2pm and when I got down there, it was almost like a Vegas pool party.  There was a DJ playing house and hip-hop and tons of people in the pool.  There were a good number of "paid" areas to sit at (yes, pay a fee to sit there!  Wtf).  Luxor's pool is more adult rather than family friendly.. . OTHER NOTES:. *$16.80/day resort fee. *Non friendly concierge staff - we forgot our keys and had to get new ones at concierge. The staff was not friendly at all about it. *Valet was full at 6:30am. Really? Yes, so we had to self park the car far away.... *Elevators are slow. . Luxor, you get two stars from me only because you were cheap, on the strip, and your pool party like atmosphere....but never again.
The room was clean, but after this trip we won't go back! There is a nice little hidden resort fee of $16 per day. It includes pool access and 1/2 were closed. Internet which is only Ethernet and paper that wasn't delivered. For same price I will go back to the NY/NY or MGM.
Never would have stayed here if it hadn't been one of the host hotels for a conference I was attending. It seems like some money has been put into updating the casino/entertainment area, but the rooms leave something to be desired. The room seemed clean; however, everything was so old, it had that worn out look and feel. I felt like the only one staying on my floor, which can be good and bad...good because it's quiet, bad because I felt like a scene out of the shining was just waiting to happen...There's a reason why rooms are only $50-70/night.
Spotty service, inconvenient parking and pool access make this hotel more of a hassel to stay in than it is worth. I'd recommend staying at Monte Carlo or Tropicana, which are at similar price points. Both offer a superior experience as the Luxor has lost most of what made it cool - its Egyptian theme. Without the theme, Luxor is just like every other 3000+ room mega-resort in town with multi-ethnic eateries, a Cirque show, nightclub, ultralounges, etc. What Luxor has going for it is that its cheap, clean(er than Excalibur), and is located on the strip. . . The hotel has 2 towers - the pyramid tower and the west tower - try to stay in the west tower because the rooms are more modern and practical. Bathrooms in the West Tower have separate tub and shower which is a nice plus. I frequented the fitness center a few times during my stay. The room itself is of an adequate size. It has some free weights, and lots of cardio-equipment. The fitness center is free for hotel guests thanks to the resort fee. . . The Luxor parking garage is located in the back of the hotel and is only a 2 story structure with a pedestrian bridge that connects to the building on the opposite side of the lobby. This means a far walk from the parking garage to the main lobby. Luxor is connected to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur via skywalk and automated monorail.
First time I came to Vegas, I stayed at the Palms Place so Luxor was a major downgrade. It looked nice from the outside, but the rooms seemed pretty old. It also felt like we were always stuck inside the pyramid! We seriously ended up spending too much time there. Luxor is also at the end of the strip. Next time, I'll be staying at a more modern hotel & in the middle of the strip.. . A star for it being cheap and a star for a nice pool.
We were very disappointed with the Luxor. My hubby and I have been to Vegas many many times and we have stayed all over the strip from the suites at Bellagio to the budget friendly Tropicana. In my opinion Luxor is barely a step above Tropicana or Hooters. . . To keep this a short and simple read I'll just say the room wasn't very clean (i.e. the tables were dusty and sticky, the closet stunk and the floors were dirty... various shoe prints all over the bathroom floor). The sheets had stains & tears and the pool has absolutely no shade. Its just a lot of hot concrete, other hotels at least make at effort at landscaping. Lastly, the parking is a nightmare!. . In addition to all of that, the customer service is terrible. I have daily medication that needs to be refrigerated. At check in I asked for a small refrigerator and I was told it would cost an extra $25 a day. I even showed them the meds that I had in a small cooler, and I was told to either pay the $25 or go and get a Ziploc bag and put my meds on ice. I have NEVER stayed in a hotel that refused to make accommodations for medicine, NEVER!!! It is ridiculous that just because I have medication that needs to be kept cool I had to pay $25 more per night that any other ordinary guest. There has to be some kind of law against that... . . Save yourself the trouble and stay somewhere else, especially if you have some sort of special need.
I recently stayed at the Luxor while in Las Vegas for a convention at the Mandalay Bay. I stayed in the East Tower (not the pyramid) and found the layout to be a bit disorganized to get from the lobby to your room and from your room back out to the strip or other hotels. It's not a big deal, but you can certainly tell that the towers were an afterthought and not very well planned. The in room non-wireless internet was nearly unusable which seems a bit poor in 2011! The room itself was clean and well maintained. The staff were pleasant. I would recommend that if you're looking for something other than a cheap place to sleep you find another hotel. If in-room internet access is important certainly find somewhere else to stay.
We stayed for two nights.. . The GOOD:. Staff was generally helpful and pleasant, including the front desk, security, pool staff, and casino employees. Rooms can be found for fairly cheap.. . The casino is rather sparsely populated, and the poker dealers speak constantly about how bored they are and how desperate they are for people to sit down and play. On the upside, this lead to them promoting games with splash pools (the house throws in $25-75 when the flop is a straight, flush, or straight flush). They offer free craps, roulette, and blackjack lessons, and the relaxed and empty game room means that beginners, as well as those simply looking to gamble without much pressure, will find this great place to play.. . The BAD:. The building is old, and it shows. The river ride that used to exist is now gone, and no complimentary experiences come with your stay. The "resort fee" is tacked on only as you finish booking with the hotel, so the cost is really about 15 dollars more per night than advertised. As a result, customers are given "FREE!" internet, available only through a single wired connection in the room. The connection speed is decent enough for streaming videos, at least.. . The elevators are finicky, with buttons that don't seem to respond and card readers that require more precision with swiping than NASA does with docking at the ISS. The ride is also a bit unnerving for those who have trouble with motion sickness, as they move at strange rates, traveling at a sideways angle (to scale the pyramid's walls).. . The rooms are not terribly clean. The towels had stains on them, and there were plastic ties on the floor, as well as a bottle cap by the night stand. The nice thing is that the cleaning staff clearly doesn't want to do its job, so if you leave your stuff strewn all over your room and place a privacy sign on the door, you can be sure that your stuff will remain totally undisturbed by any hotel staff.. . The rooms also lack basic amenities, such as coffee makers, and some of what is provided is old and in need of replacement. The hair dryers, for instance, immediately emit a burning smell.. . The Luxor has very little to offer. It is a dying hotel that is at the "lesser" end of The Strip. However, for cheap rates on rooms and (relatively speaking) on the buffets, the Luxor's lack-luster offering may be just what you are looking for if you want a quiet, unintimidating home base for your stay in Vegas. It is connected to the Excalibur, which has more offerings for children (carnival games and such). Its location at the end of The Strip makes it easy to access and out of the way of all of the intense city traffic that begins just past the hotel.. . That said, these benefits come at the price of being located far away from the excitement of the rest of The Strip, so you'll need to plan on a long walk if you intend to get to see any of the other hotels, and it's about  miles if you plan on going down towards the busier end of The Strip.. . Also, the beam is very overrated and unimpressive. Most spotlights are more to look at than the Luxor's beam.
The room here was fine, not as clean as I would like, there were stains on the rug which I find disgusting but the bed linens were clean as was the bathroom.. . The hotel looks great and we had a great view of the atrium as we walked out of our room.  We used the express check out on the television because during our stay  I noticed very long lines at the check out and check in desk.  . . My biggest beef with this hotel is that we booked our room online through priceline and got a decent rate.  However, we were charged an additional $69 for our four night stay for a "resort fee".  We never received any extra service for this fee, to me it's a total rip off.  You can't opt out of it, they just add it.. . Also, as we walked in carrying all of our luggage we were greeted by a friendly, professional looking woman who asked if we were checking in as if she was going to assist us.  All she wanted to do was try and sell us a time share.  We were accosted by these salespersons several times throughout our stay and it was quite annoying.  For the price we paid, esp the extra resort fee, I don't feel guests should be bombarded by sales pitches.
stayed here once. hated it. wrong end of the strip. ended up spending $100 trying to get the strip all week.  pools are just ok. nothing else really going on here.
Luxor has seen it's age and the management as not seen it in their plans to maintain or upgrade the entire facility.. . About the only advisement I can give people is to upgrade your room as much as you an afford because the regular deluxe rooms are beat up and worn.. . The facility has need of a lot of fixing and upgrading but you won't find that being done.  Carpets where you find them are skanky and feel tacky. The shape of the building is why you are probably there to say you stayed.  The next door neighbor, Mandalay Bay, unless you really get into the new tower and upgrade will disappoint you as well.. . Food?  Even the best dining experience will be like eating portions served from the Buffet line with extra spices laced with better grade of brandy in the sauces.. . What makes me such an expert?  I have been escorting Asian gamblers to Las Vegas for years.  I started by accident back when the Mint was still operating.  Yes.  That's a long time.  I have stayed in some of the best hotels and got to know what is what.  I have slowed down my visits to escort whales because I do have a regular professional career that I went 7 years of university studies to be outstanding in. . . What I have noticed recently is the downward spiral of Las Vegas grandeur.  The service, facilities, the glamour is gone.  I went to Singapore and Macau and they have it.  I want the Las Vegas of20 years ago back!. . We should all demand that management get their acts together because the choices how we spend our money for gaming, rooms and entertainment are votes whether they are successful or not.. . Just my humble opinion.. . Luxor?  You can do better do your research.  Try staying at the newer hotels with good ratings.
Wow. Who gave this place 5 stars? I mean, really.. . I've never even had to endure the potential torture that is a room at this place, but I've been in the casino and lobby enough to know that this place is a beacon of filth.. . Basically, it looks like a dead mall. Broken fountains now full of fake plants instead of water and glue outlines of old store and restaurant signs. So much of this place is empty and whatever is left is broken or doesn't match the Egyptian theme. i.e. The Mexican taco and tequila bar or Aladdin-esque building front near the entrance to the Bodies Exhibit. Like, I don't even get it.. . However, if you're in the market for a rhinestone fleur-de-lis embellished faux snakeskin purse or other random gift shop crap, the Luxor can probably meet all your shopping needs. . . One word to describe this place: BUSTED.
"EW" is the only word I can think of to fully express my feelings about this hotel. Although the prices appear cheap compared to others in the area, it AIN'T CHEAP ENOUGH to get me to step foot in this shit-hole ever again. First of all, it may be on the strip but nowhere near where anyone coming to Vegas wants to be.... your at least a 5 minute cab ride to anywhere you might want to venture besides Mandalay Bay... which is amazing. I'd rather sleep in a Mandalay Bay bathroom than rest my head on a Luxor owned pillow. Blech! . . The second we stepped into this dark, creepy, dirty, cheap place we were beyond confused. WHERE THE F*CK IS THE LOBBY? There are NO correct signs. We walked around for at least 20 flippin' minutes before even finding the check-in area. And what do ya know, they don't do early check-ins! Who woulda thought such a disgusting place would not accommodate to their guests needs! Ha! So after talking to 3 different employees who barely spoke Enlgish.... go figure.... we finally we're able to place our luggage behind the front desk to go drown ourselves in alcohol to be cleansed of the filth that is the Luxor. (Wait til I tell you how they lost the tag to our bags, that ones a doozy!). . After our 50 pound bags weren't weighing us down, we decided to check out the hotel. I considered, maybe, just maybe I was judging a book by it's cover. But nope! This book is shit, just like it's cover! We couldn't get 20 steps without being harassed by a Luxor employee... "Hey! You guys from around here?", "Hey, you guys interested in seeing a free show?", "Hey, you guys interested in additional accommodations?", oh and my favorite "Hey sexy, you come to Vegas often?" .... "Hey, SEXY?" Where am I? MEXICO???? Get outa here with your grossness you Luxor creeps! . . Besides the obnoxious employees, when was this place built? And I don't even need to ask if any renovations have taken place, cus that's pretty obvious! The hotel is a straight maze. It's beyond confusing. When you ask an employee how to get to a certain area of the hotel, they give you landmark directions.... "turn left at the Starbucks".... THERE'S 5 STARBUCKS IN THIS PLACE DIP-SHIT! Not one ounce of sunlight creeps into this dreary tomb. And the decor.... wait, what decor? Isn't this supposed to be Egyptian themed? We ARE in a f*cking pyramid! And what's with all the dead body exhibits? The ONLY thing I thought was even remotely intriguing was that the Titanic exhibit was there, although I had already seen it at Great America, SO yeahhhhh. . . After attempting to give this place a shot, we went back to get our bags and head to our rooms. When retrieving our bags, we handed a rude bell boy our tag and he vanished to the back, returning with other bags for other guests. We waited about 20 minutes without bags. What the Hell? No one else ever asked us if we had been helped, they just let us stand there looking like tards. Finally, I spoke up.... "Is he planning on bringing us our bags anytime today or?" Ugh. Now to our room we go..... or so we thought. "The elevators are down this hall to the left." we were told. We follow the hall down and to our surprise come to a 4 way split... which way? There are 3 lefts and NO SIGNS! WOW, REALLY? Now, my patience level is serious at negative 27349826945682. So funny that the employee told us that the ELEVATORS we're down this hall and to the left, because in this hotel there is no such thing as an ELEVATOR.... they are called INCLINATORS and go side to side, not up and down. Oh and when you get in the INCLINATOR, it won't go anywhere until you slide your key, so noooo we didn't ride the INCLINATOR back and forth for 5 minutes before realizing this little fact, cus like I've mentioned before there are NO SIGNS and the employees are VERY intelligent! . . Now for our room. It was, whatever. Motel 6 I'm sure has similar or nicer rooms. Sure it has all your basic necessities, a bed, a bathroom, a TV from the 70s, 2 lamps, no decor, no view. Like I said, it was, whatever. . . This hotel makes me want to go swimming in a pool of hand sanitizer, punch strangers in the face and cry tears of annoyance. Like I said, EW!
Please see Bryan. T.'s review as well as mine as I think he sums up most of the problems.  I will add another question onto his list: Did the ancient Egyptians live in trailer parks??  Because the weekend I arrived the Luxor seemed to be filled with trailer park types.  . . The Luxor was offering a good "buy three nights in the tower and get a fourth free" deal and that is what I booked.  When we checked in we were given a pyramid room which I didn't think was that big of a deal until we entered the pyramid room.  Dank, smelly and claustrophobic are just three of the adjectives that come to mind.  The carpet was stained and torn and the beds looked like something from the Flintstones.  We went back down to the front desk and were told that "as a courtesy" we would be moved to the tower.  What courtesy, the tower room is what I booked ON THEIR OWN WEBSITE not the pyramid!!. . The casino is right by the hotel entrance too so it reeks of staled cigarettes as soon as you walk in.  Next trip to Vegas I will be staying at the Red Rock Hotel which got great reviews!!
Every time I stay here it seems as if the quality of this place is getting worse. . . Check in was quick and simple. I get to my room and I notice my room has two queens rather than the one king I had reserved. I call the front desk to see why I did not get the room I reserved on their website. They tell me that it is only a request and they try to accommodate you as much as they can. You know how you can accommodate me? By giving me the room I requested. I did get a "non smoking" room but it still had a smell of cigarettes inside. In fact the entire hotel smells like cigarettes. . . The room itself was alright. Granted I did not stay in it much except to sleep and shower. One thing that really made me upset was house keeping were talking loudly when they were cleaning the rooms. It is not fun waking up to a housekeeping smoking and joking outside your door. . . Check out had to be the worst of all. I went directly to the check out stand. The guy behind the desk asks why I did not stand in line and points to the check in line. I look behind me and there isno one behind me. Also the sign there says check in not check out. Common sense genius. . . I remember when I use to actually enjoy coming to this hotel. It seems like that was ages ago. Better customer service and a remodel of at least the rooms would not hurt.
Luxor is probably the cheapest hotel you can find on the strip (depending on what deals are going on and time of year) so I've stayed here plenty of times. This last time I went was horrible. The check in/check out desk woman we got was really rude and seemed like either she hated her job or just hated us right away by looking at us. She acted like we were giving her a hard time when all we did was ask a couple of innocent questions. When she was looking up our rooms, I started to say something and she said "HOLD ON!" I was like whoa! I mean, we were a really laid back, easy to deal with group of people so I'm not sure why she was so snappy and sighing so much. The tv in my room was also broken, not that I was going to watch a lot of tv but it would have been nice for some of the time I had to spend in my room. They really didn't do much about my problem except offer me a complimentary breakfast which I didn't have time to use. I also requested a non smoking room and had a cigarette burn in my bed spread. I guess you get what you pay for.
For the $$$ I paid, this place was pretty BLAH. And what the heck is the resort fee? There's no WOW factor. I stayed in the spa suite with a tub in the bedroom area. The decor to the room wasn't all that. You would think with the amount of money Luxor makes everyday that they could afford to do some upgrades.. . I was pretty annoyed by those people trying to sell me timeshares in the lobby. I didn't come to Vegas to buy timeshare for crying out loud. HELLO...I'm there on vacation! Management, get rid of them!
It's hard to decide whether to rate the Luxor a 1 or 2 star. Simple because we met some very nice people who worked at the hotel, but the management is horrible. When we checked in we were prepared the pay for the restore fee (which we didn't see or were aware of until I looked at the fine print of my printed hotel invoice). We asked the lady at the the check-in counter what if would never use any of the amenities listed in the restore fees and she replied in a matter-of-fact attitude that it was mandatory. I told her that the prices for the luxor online are deceiving, because the restore fees aren't listed in the total price. I barely got to speak before she started huffing and puffing and walked away. She then came back with the manager who was courteous, but again told us that there was nothing that he could do. In the end it was some 85 dollars (they put tax ON TOP of the resort fee). We were tired and went to our rooms which were clean and spacious. . . The first thing we did was try to connect to wifi and after some 5 minutes of confusing we called downstairs and found they have a hotline devoted to just helping confused customers to connect to internet. . . This next part is why I really want to rate Luxor a 1. There is no Wifi. Instead there is a mile long ethernet cord that comes out from the dresser that you have to use! . . Just reading the resort fee "amenities" sheet makes me so frustrated. They give you free local calls (greeaat...so why is it listed in the resort fees?) free use of their fax machine, internet and access to the pool. I just don't understand the Luxor's business tactic? Why not just elevate the price of the rooms, instead of tagging on these extras at the end? Why do they want to piss off customers by adding a mandatory fee of things that should be included? . . What made our Luxor experience were the kind workers (the lady who cleaned our rooms was like our mama and went out of her way to always excitedly greet us whenever she saw us in the halls). The team that works the Valet outside are also troopers and all so extremely kind, getting you your car always in around 5 minutes (even when it's packed). Without these people, the Luxor itself rates low low low on my list for their poor business tactics.
Bitch rant ahead.. . Ugh. This place has gone downhill-broke a hip and is forever debilitated. Not even the addition of LAX can make this place any more desirable. It was one of the highlights a decade ago- that was then, this is now. Get a que from your neighbor across the street and budget for that complete make-over pronto!. . I cannot stand their pyramid elevators. They are the most unreliable, noisiest and uncomfortable elevators I have ever ridden. Our hotel room was a disaster. Upon walking and inspecting our room we noticed a list of things that made our stay unpleasant and uncomfortable such as; bathroom wallpaper peeling off the walls, ripped and thinned out bed sheets, uneven floor, dusty window sills, etc. . . We had considered paying for an upgrade but several people told us it would not be any different. Yes, even at an additional $50 a night we would still have a traditional tube television. Not even a flat screen tube at that! No thanks.
I stopped coming here when I realized I could afford to pay more than $99/night for a room in Vegas.. . You're stuck at the end of the Strip, the casino is meh, the rooms are straight out of 1997, and the whole place smells vaguely of that wet towel at the bottom of your hamper that you forgot about for two weeks.. . 2 stars based on price and the fact that a girl once approached my group and tried to pick all of us up before stumbling away drunk....with a man's shoe print clearly visible on her left calf.
As a surprise to my boyfriend, I bought us a weekend get away to Vegas. I chose the Luxor for the pyramid appeal - although we enjoyed ourselves, we will not be staying there again. . . We got to the Luxor and while trying to navigate the place and find the check- in area, an employee approached us, offered directions, and asked if we were married or lived together and made a beautiful couple. We felt complimented as we had spent the morning running through Texas heat to the airport after parking since we were running late, I broke a heel, my boyfriend had been lugging around my luggage, and we pretty much looked disheveled and lost. When we confirmed that we live together, she told us that she was going to "have a friend hook us up" for staying at the resort. She lead us to a desk and told the employee sitting there that we lived together, then left. The guy at the desk began to tell us about a deal where we would go tour a new hotel further down the strip and would receive $250 in chips, food coupons, etc and a discount ticket for a show (or a fully paid one, he wasn't clear on which), all for $50. We told the guy our main priority was getting checked in to the hotel and getting changed and that we would be back down thereafter - he kept pushing for us to do it right then. Mind you, I have done one of these tours in Vegas with a different resort for FREE and got all of the same benefits along with a 2 hour pressure sale that ended in me getting insulted for not buying in. I thought for a second that this one would be different since we would have to pay, so my boyfriend and I pulled out our credit cards. Turns out, it was cash only - the guy then instructed my boyfriend to go to the ATM and come back with cash to get the deal. He started pressuring more and we declined at this point figuring out that if it was this tough to say no to this guy, we were going to going to be bullied at the resort when we wouldn't be interested in a time-share or condo. We finally broke away by giving a false promise to come back and navigated ourselves to the check in counter. . . The line to check in was atrocious, but it went by pretty fast. The front desk person was nice and told us she was giving us a room in the pyramid with the best view. The elevators to our floor were totally dirty and obviously worn-out. The walkway to our room looked directly down to I guess some construction, it was basically a dark, somewhat scraggly replica building set up to look like New York that looked like it hadn't been used in years. There were beer cans and holes all over the roof of the replica that we could see from the walkway. The floors in the walkway were also gross and covered in stains. There were towels and sheets piled in the walkway even after housekeeping went by the next day.. . We stayed in the Pyramid Spa Suite, which was nice in theory. It was really rad to have a Jacuzzi directly next to a window with a nice view, the bed was clean and comfortable, and the room was larger than what we needed. On the other hand, the toiletries provided were pretty much what you would get at a Motel 6 (I have had much nicer toiletries provided at other hotels) , I had all of my own, so this wasn't a big deal, but it's the thought that counts; the TVs were old 90s tube televisions, we don't watch television anyway, but modern electronics have an aesthetic appeal; there was no wifi, just an Ethernet cable that we had to unwind from above the TV; and the furniture was all badly worn. It basically looked like the room was allowed to sit and be used for 10 years without any renovation or furniture upkeep. . . We had been warned by some of my boyfriend's friends that live in Vegas to stay away from the tables at the Luxor. We didn't listen and decided to play the tables - his friends were right - although we ended up breaking somewhat even, we felt pretty raped in the process. I have never in my life seen a blackjack dealer get so many 21s from high and low cards combined and get blackjacks a few times in a row on every table whilst the players mainly got only 12 - 16 almost every time. . . Throughout our stay, we kept getting hustled by the time-share people. As polite as we are or try to be, in the end, we had to ignore any employee that attempted to talk to or compliment us because it got so bad. We didn't go to any clubs or to the pool because the rest of the guests seemed to have the class, look, and intelligence of the Jersey Shore cast (urge to kill rising). . . The buffet was not spectacular, but wasn't bad and the employees were really sweet. We ended up enjoying the Pyramid Cafe a lot. We also drank the beers at one of the drink stands downstairs - $8 for an Abbey Ale (we were really stoked about this since shots were $9 apiece from room service). . . We ended up going to a show at a different casino down the strip and ended up being more impressed with the lobby, casino, and walk way to the show more than the Luxor as a whole.
I was here on business and ate four meals at food establishments in the Luxor property. On each occasion the food was generally of decent standard but once it had arrived I was only approached by the wait staff to see if I wanted the check and have my plate cleared. Would have been nice to have at least inquired if everything was ok. . . House keeping didn't show up for the first two days and I didn't have a do not disturb sign on the door. . . The pool area and towels are free to hotel guests and you are invited to play a game of 'seek the loungers' after 10am. The hotel has three pools but strangely two are roped off for and unused by the people paying $$$ for cabanas and premium sunloungers. Music is trash chart guff. . . Like most places in Vegas when you're inside you will end up smelling like an ashtray and so will your clothes. . . No wifi anywhere but there's a 20 foot cable for free wired Internet access. Its not obvious and you have to ask the front desk about it.  . . The business center isn't available but you can pay $15 for 10 minutes of access to a 'terminal' near the payphones that everyone can read over your shoulder. . . Overall, the room was adequate, but I wouldn't stay at the Luxor if offered a choice again.
So I used to work for a major travel company and I had pretty much stayed at every hotel in Las Vegas except for Luxor so I wanted to try it out finally. . . I wish i hadn't stayed here and wasted my money. . . We originally booked the pyramid standard non smoking room but when we walked in it smelled like a dirty hole in the wall bar!. . Also the bed comforter had holes in it and the carpets were filthy!! This room looked so nasty and old totally UNACCEPTABLE! So I called down to the front desk to complain after being transferred a million times I got a rude women who hated her job obviously and said there were no more pyramid standard rooms available. If we wanted to switch rooms we would have to upgrade to a tower suite for an additional $50 dollars no comp upgrade! . . I said alright whatever I will pay it as is worth it to get out of this nasty diseased looking and smelling room! So we go to the check in desk all the way on the other side in their tower and the front desk lady is a complete b**** OMG! . . Wow just completely rude and miserable i guess she was pms'ing that day or something. So we finally get checked into the "Tower Suite" SUITE REALLY? YUCKO It was just an over sized dump! Nice sized living room I'll give them that bedroom was very small and the "spa tub" was the size of a regular tub just with jets in it! This room was just as dumpy as the first just bigger. . . Overall I was so disappointed with the room and even more disappointed with the service or lack of good customer service! The only thing good about this hotel is there shows Carrot Top is a riot and i heard Fantasy is amazing. . . PLEASE DO NOT STAY HERE ...TRUST ME!
I've always been a fan of this hotel, until they started charging extra for using the "quiet" side pool with the waterfall statues.  Give me a break, its not like it comes with a cabana, massage or something... The "$30 Resort Fee" what a rip off!  I highly recommend Laughlin and/or Boulder City!
The rooms are too old, and there's just too much wear and tear. The rooms in the pyramid are also smaller than the rest of the rooms, so try to request to not be in the pyramid, unless you don't mind the lack of space. . . Not too many amenities, but this place has a cute Egyptian theme with a pharoah going through the casino from time to time. It is one of the older hotels on the Strip, and respect must be given. Hopefully, they can upgrade the rooms soon. . . The pool was pretty large the last time I was there, but it's nothing spectacular. Sound system is okay but nothing to write home about. . . All in all, there are a lot of good deals to be had here on rooms, but it might be a better and bigger bang for your buck to spend your money elsewhere.
I've stayed here twice and have been very underwhelmed both times. The only reason we've stayed there was because we got free hotel stays for attending a timeshare presentation (bleh!).  This was probably the last time we'll stay there... free or not.. . The hotel is extremely old and it really shows. Their headline shows include Douchebag Extraordinaire Chris Angel and the ruin that was once a semi-chuckle-worthy Carrot Top. The hotel's entrances are riddled with workers who hound you trying to give you "free/discounted show tickets" but that are actually just a ploy to get you to attend more timeshare presentations.. . Definitely not the place you'd want to stay in if you're looking for a flashy Vegas experience.. . The Mandalay Bay is 1000% better.
I expected Vegas to be shady and a little gritty, but in the good Tarantino-like way. That was not the case at all with the Luxor. Forget the check-in line that wound all the way to the casino entrance or the guest rooms in the pyramid that haven't been renovated since they built the damn thing. . . This place was just dirty, underwhelming, and crawling with timeshare salespeople. We couldn't get through ANY door without being accosted for "a moment of our time". I should have known better when they called to tell me I'd won a "free stay for taking a tour of our property." Save yourself the time and humiliation. Just pay a little extra and stay at the Mandalay next door instead. . . The only good thing about this place is the classic photo op (hence my TWO stars rather than one).
WE LOVE VEGAS!. . WE USUALLY GO ONCE A YEAR.. . This year we got reeled in byLuxor's great rates.. . Unfortunately we got what we paid for.. . Leaky windows, worn, beat up furnishings? . . C'mon, really? . . This is supposed to be a high class hotel/casino, right?. . On the plus side, the sideways elevators were cool.. . They also have the Titanic exhibit, which is excellent!. . And Tender steakhouse is a 5 star all the way.. . But the rooms were not great. . . So if you want a deal on the strip, check them out. . . For us though, we'll go all in and hit Caesar's or somewhere else next time.
I stayed Mon-Fri....As soon as we arrived we noticed our room was warm and the bathroom fan didn't work....we contacted the front desk and were assured that engineering would check it out...my son's room was nice and cool with a working bathroom fan....one to two hours later we inquired again and again were assured that engineering would check it out.....Well, of course the promised repairs never occurred during the five days we were there........room was old with a tube tv....internet available with connection from tv......nothing great about this place....trays left in the hallway for hours on end....disturbing!.....will not stay again....
I've stayed at a lot of places on the Strip & was surprised how sub-par the Luxor is.  It's priced in the medium/high range, but offers a low/medium tier experience, not to mention it's at the far end of the strip.  . . - The AC is so-so.  Make sure to close the blinds on your window otherwise your room will warm up quickly & take a long time to cool off.. . - Because the elevators ("inclinators") are slanted to the shape of the hotel, it's more like riding a subway car than a traditional elevator.. . - Also, the elevators can make a lot more walking than you expect.  Like a lot of hotels, certain elevators only go to certain floors.  However, unlike a hotel where all the elevators are clustered in a centralized location, Luxor has an elevator bank in each of its four corners.  Your particular elevator will only be in one of then.  This means you may need to walk to the complete opposite end of the hotel to get to your elevator & once on your floor double back to complete opposite end again.. . - The design of the hotel is such that the hallways of the hotel are open to the atrium.  If you're on an upper floor, it can be fairly un-nerving if you don't like heights.  . . - There's no wireless Internet.  However, they automatically charge you a "resort fee" which includes a wired one in your room.. . - Check-in lines are long, but you can check-out through TV.. . My advice is to stay at the Flamingo.  The rooms are equivalent to slightly better, it's typically a fair bit cheaper, and better located.
The Luxor is, for me as a local, the place you can go to when you want to refuel on a cheap dollar or two cheeseburger and beer (their food court is almost off-strip prices and has a McDonalds) and then to perhaps wander back into the Mandalay Bay or Excalibur. . .  It's not really a casino that excels at capturing any specific section of my attention -- the rooms I've been in are very much "Okay" but aside from a couple papyrus heiroglyphs on the dresser I could be anywhere else on a budget.  The gambling action is far from the walk-in off the Mandalay catwalk and I never really saw any specials that grabbed me.  If you want cheap gambling, you go to the Excalibur.  If you want good food and a lounge, Mandalay.. . It's just kind of there to be a Strip icon and to make you go "Dang, what a nice inside architecture!" (and perhaps to say, "Carrot Top?  You serious, dogg?")
We knew what we were getting into when we decided to stay here, but it was a holiday weekend and the prices seemed to be much lower at the Luxor than any place else on the strip.  We stayed in one of the Tower suites.. . The good:. The room was clean, spacious and totally silent.  Either we had the quietest neighbors ever or the walls are pretty thick.  We literally never heard another human being while we were in the room (although we did hear one or two sirens from the street).  The bed and pillows were also pretty comfy, given that it's a low-end hotel.. . The bad:. Everything is old, outdated and sad-looking.  Both TVs in the suite were ancient and very small (maybe 19"), plus the picture quality was bad (black lines across the screen) and the channels were limited.  As a lot of other reviewers mention, finding the correct elevator bank was surprisingly difficult and there were a lot of people trying to talk you into "great discounts!" everywhere in the casino.  Also, there is a $15/per night resort fee.. . The weird:. When we were coming back to our suite Saturday night (well, technically Sunday morning) security guys were shutting down the elevator bank and told us they had a "big crime scene" and we couldn't go up that way.  I pointed out that there didn't seem to be any other way to get up to our room and there was no way I was doing 14 flights of stairs in heels, and one of them grudgingly took us up in the elevator himself.  No word on what the crime was, but it did not inspire a lot of confidence.
I'm glad I read these reviews before I checked in.  We were here last week for a conference.  The conference had a special room rate of 55.00 per night( pyramid).  When we checked in, I was told the conference was in the Tower and I could upgrade for 20.00 more.  We did that and I cant believe that room was an upgrade.  We did have a view of the pool, so that was nice, but it was so cold and rainy, we couldnt use it.  Too bad we still had to pay the 10.00 resort fee per night.  Thats ridiculous, especially since I didnt use any ammenities.  The room doesnt even have wifi.  Also, we dropped a pretzel near the elevator on the first day and it sat there the entire 5 days we were at the hotel.  No one came to sweep the area.  . . I was pissed that I couldnt take food "to Go" from one of the restaurants.  Also, the hotel wanted to charge me 25.00 a night for a fridge for my insulin.  They waived it after I told them about the Americans with Disabilities act.  I would not willingly stay here again.
Hmmm... What to say about the Luxor.... . My husband and I stayed in the pyramid because it was cheaper than the tower (and thus, more ghetto...). If I wasn't trying to save money on this trip, I would have stayed at a higher end hotel, so you could say that I knew what I was getting myself into by booking this hotel.. . The rooms were okaaay. I didn't feel super clean. I found some stains on the bedding. I'm not sure if these were permanent stains and had already tried to be removed or if they were stale and didn't see the laundry room yet... ewww.... . The bathroom was big but the fan in the bathroom was so loud! It was like I was next door to a jet engine. I could also hear the people above me flushing and using the bathroom. Weird. I would think their bathroom fan would drown out that noise for me... The walls must have been very thin or my hearing is remarkable.. . There was no wireless. What? Is this the 1990s? . . When we checked in the reception wasn't very nice. When we checked out, they were nice. So I guess that could have been hit or miss.. . We will not be returning to this hotel. Sorry, Luxor!
Stayed here over this past weekend. It was descent and what I expected, nothing over the top. I'm not too picky when it comes to little things. I just wanted a nice place to be able to relax, sleep and shower. Plus, we got a good deal on Orbitz.. . Pros: The room was clean and the space was great for 2. The walkways to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur were very convenient. Looks pretty cool at night.. . Cons: Had several staff members constantly push their shows and clubs on us. One guy was standing in the front of the lobby and was rude when I told him I wasn't interested for the 3rd time.. .  We didn't have a "do not disturb" sign when we got to the room and on the first night the cleaning lady knocked once, opened the door before yelling out "housekeeping." She never gave us a chance to let her know the room was occupied. Before she walked off, I asked her for a sign and she said she would bring one by....nothing! This went on for the next 3 mornings we were there.
Cheap but nothing special.
They have let this hotel fall apart. The Elevators are scary from all the shaking and squealing. The floors are dirty, the paint is peeling.  The room smelled like weed, and the cocktail waitress only serve the tables. Other than that, I loved the room and the staff was friendly.
I'm not even sure where to start.. . The guy at the front desk that checked us in could - seriously - NOT be more apathetic!  I had booked a room in the Pyramid, and without telling me, had "upgraded" us to the West Tower.  Why is "upgrade" in quotes?  Because while the room was definitely a little larger then the Pyramid, it was also 39273287329832872684 miles away from any of the exits to the Strip.  Also - I DIDN'T WANT AN UPGRADE!  I booked the Pyramid room for a reason!!!  ARGH!  But by the time I realized that he already put us in the West Tower, I was too tired (just got off 13hour flight from Taiwan to LAX, and drove 5 hours in LA traffic to get to Vegas at midnight) to argue.. . Then when I asked for directions to get to the West Tower, he just pointed at the map on the pad on the counter.  Um, yeah, STILL NO IDEA where the tower was.  UGH.. . Then I find out...the Luxor DOES NOT HAVE WIFI!  There are 3 Starbucks in this hotel...and NONE Of them have WiFi.  I'm sorry, is this 2005 or something?!?!?!  The apathetic check-in guy tells me that there are ethernet cables in the room...ummm...doesn't really help me if I have an iPad or an iPhone does it?!?!?!?!. . However, I will say - the rooms were definitely clean and nice. So I guess that's all that really matters.
Oh Luxor, what can I say about you? The only reason I'm giving you 2 stars is because valet was great. Other than that, yuck! Stayed here this past weekend for the first time in about 10 years. Wow...you've let yourself go. The rooms smell, the carpet is wrinkled, and every time I took a ride in one of your elevators I said a prayer to get out alive. Resort fees? You've gotta be joking! It's winter (not that I'd use your sketchy pool) and you don't even offer wi-fi. Who carries a cord in 2011? Basically, you're overpriced and run down. If you're going to stay here, you might as well stay next door at The Excalibur. It's closer to the strip and maybe nicer??? Ew. I can't believe I just typed that. Proceed with caution.
Not very central. Super dark, and I swear you can practically feel the smoke in the air.  I feel like other casinos do a better job with filtering the air.. . To be fair, I didn't stay here, just gambled.   Thus, this review is strictly for the casino.  I probably won't be back.
Stayed at the Luxor Pyramids the other month and not a fan from my experience. My group booked two suites to stay in for the few days we were venturing into Vegas. . . The BLEH & MEH:. . When my friend booked our rooms, the description said there would be two queen beds and a pullaway bed on the couch. LIES :( There were two full size beds and the couch definitely did not pull out... Also, the website and front desk made it seem as if the Tower suites only have king size beds. We found out later that there are indeed queen size beds in the Tower suites.. sigh... . The casino was just meh to me. The dealers on the tables we played weren't very enthusiastic or anything. Thankfully, the Luxor is connected to Mandalay Bay, either through the tram or the Shoppes at Mandalay. I definitely preferredthe casino and dealers over there.. . Location-wise, it's located kind of far from the main strip where all of the popular clubs are. But we managed with taxis  and limos. . . OMG THE ELEVATORS ARE CRAY IF YOU STAY IN THE PYRAMID. THEY MOVE SLANTED UP AND DOWN! Be prepared for motion sickness by elevator motion. Definitely not good when you have a good buzz going on... merrrr. . The YAY & OH HAY:. . 24 Hour McDonalds IN the hotel?! CHECK! We definitely made several trips here at ungodly hours when we stayed here.. . Convenient tram to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur.. . Free self-parking and valet! Which is standard for most hotels I believe? But you just tip the valets so holllller. . . Cheap. Can't complain about the price honestly. . . That's it. Bye bye Luxor. We may or may not meet again. Probably the latter. :X
what a turd dome, the elevators are scary, they dont have wifi and i had such high hopes
Ended up at the Luxor as part of an air & hotel package I purchased from Orbitz. I was seeing a show at Mandalay Bay, which I knew was right next to Luxor. The price was right so I booked it.. . Although Orbitz discloses that this hotel charges a $15 "resort fee" many hotels routinely waive such fees if asked. Particularly for short stays in which you are not using anything included in the fee. My trip was an overnight trip. I didn't have a laptop so didn't need Internet access, I didn't need access to the gym and like the rest of the free world, I have a cell phone and therefore did not need to make local or long-distance calls from the room phone. I explained this and asked quite politely for the fee to be waived. The manager refused. She said a full 80 percent--80 PERCENT-- of the patrons ask for it to be waived and they flat out won't do it. She also said it's the same at every MGM property. . . I made a mental note to remember that so that I wouldn't book at another MGM property or any hotel insisting on such a bogus fee. . . Then I saw my room.. . And I came to understand why they charge this fee-- I can only hope it's being squirreled away into a fund for COMPLETE room renovations. My room on the 2nd floor (in a section of the hotel with the nerve to be named "Pyramid Deluxe") was super shabby!. . There were lights out in my hallway and it was scary and dim. There was visible dirt on the comforters. No tub. The shower door was off the track, and the shower head itself was old and malfunctioning. The carpet was severely stained. The toiletries were generic off-brand. ALL of the towels, from face to bath, were dingy. Simply: It was gross.. . Then there's the TV. Poor cable signal and limited channels. And then of the channels that exist: No BET? No TV One? Seriously? There were several Spanish-speaking channels and an Asian-market channel. But for all the African-Americans I know who spend copious amounts of money in Las Vegas each year, the Luxor doesn't carry either major cable channel marketed to African-Americans? Duly noted.. . I had to wonder if Luxor set these old, cruddy rooms aside for people who they know got deals on Orbitz. I was there for a show, so I didn't even have time to ask for another room, and they probably would have been disinclined to offer one. Long story short: I wouldn't stay at the Luxor again, and I also would have to seriously think twice about reserving a hotel room through Orbitz--not because they did anything wrong, but because if this is how hotels treat Orbitz customers, it's not worth the discomfort to book through them.. . I live in Chicago. I already get nickeled and dimed to death. If I'm going to get nickeled and dimed in Vegas, it better come with a little razzle-dazzle, and they ain't got none at the Luxor.
Pros:  Its cheap, and its the only pyramid shaped hotel in Vegas. The casino and other general areas of the hotel are well maintained, good location.. . Cons:  Rooms are dated and not very clean including the bathroom, furniture falling apart, hole in the wall, flickering lights, shower turns off for no reason, toilets that don't flush.  The elevators in the pyramid are nauseating.. . As I stated earlier, its cheap and you get what you pay for.  Not horrible, but I will not be back at least as an overnight guest.  You can find other bargains on the strip with better quality.
Well, the nicest thing I guess I can say about the Luxor is that their bathroom was clean.  I just absolutely refuse to use the bathroom at the Excalibur so we made the extra walk, (just barely) and made it to the Luxor.. . I did notice that their light that shines into the night sky is barely a fraction of what it used to be.  Hardly a landmark hotel anymore I guess.
Many moons ago when I was but a young lass with money to burn my girlfriends and I would often jump in the car for a last minute trip to Las Vegas. Our hotel of choice? Well the Luxor of course. This was a decade ago and sorry Luxor but the shine on your pyramid has well, gone the way of the ancient Pharaohs.. . We chose Luxor because it is connected to Mandalay Bay via a closed walkway and a Tram and we were taking our kiddo to see the Lion King. It was cheap for a Saturday night. With that stated, I will still chose to stay at Southpoint next time and make the drive. First thing that ticked me off: The ultra pushy timeshare salesman they allow to harass you as soon as you walk into the door withtheir "free coupon book." It is even worse as they appear to be legit employees of the hotel. The man who accosted me gave me a very dirty look when I told him we were only there for one night and to go bother someone else. Second point of error: Rude desk staff who made me push them to receive a room higher than the second floor. How incredible that within a two minute period they went from having no higher level floors to suddenly having them when I asked to speak to the front desk manager. Lastly room quality: There was a very clear toothpaste spit mark in our sink which sorta grossed me out and made me do the bed sheet check to make sure there were no stray hairs underneath the covers. They were clean but the sheets were thread bare and there was an actual hole in one of my pillowcases. The television was an ancient 19 inch embarrassment and there were light brown stains on the lampshades which prompted both me and my better half to yell at our daughter to not touch it. When we attempting to turn on the fan in the room, a clacking sound ensued. Oh well.. . Since this hotel room basically served its purpose of providing a clean bed and a hotel shower for my family and for location alone I will magnanimously award it two stars. However, I would not stay there again. Period.
The pluses:  We stayed in the Pyramid and the rooms were ok, as far as cleanliness and beds and view go.  The hotel was the least smoky hotel I've ever stayed in in Vegas.  It wasn't very crowded.   Minuses:  hotel check-in girl was rude.  We had to come back after not being able to find how to get to the elevator to get to our room.  We were surprised by a "resort fee" which was crap.  We never got the newspaper they said we would get.  The heater in the room didn't work and it was very smoky despite being the least smoky place!  Main floor is confusing as all get out.  The tv remote didn't work correctly and the tv picture was crap and the buttons didn't work.  DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE eat at the buffet.  It was the PITS.  The Paradise Cafe was better but expensive for diner food.   We were told they had wireless internet, but discovering in the room that they didn't.. called the front desk, said there was a cable to use.  We couldn't find it so they said they would send someone with a new cable.. and they never came.  This place blows and I won't stay here again.
Awful experience........it only had 2 1/2 stars for a reason people nuff said!
It pains me to write this review, this experience was one of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had. . First off, if you book through expedia, you can't have your spouse check in for you. It has to be the person listed on the expedia order. Unfortunately, what that meant for me was checking in at 11:45pm, instead of 4pm with all of our luggage after working a wedding for 10 hours. . Second, the check in line wait was dreadful. We asked for a non-smoking room, which was pretty far from the registration desk. Upon getting closer, there was a couple in front our room hanging on the floor of the hallway. Our room was below average and smelled like smoke. It didn't help that the next door neighbors sounded like there were 20 people in there. Too noisy so we asked to be moved to a quiet room.. The staff was helpful in changing the room and the new one was decent looking and smelled MUCH better.. The room service was good and our server was friendly.. I love everything having to do with Egypt and pyramids, just not this place.
Wow, so my booking at the Luxor was a real last minute move.  Booked my room via MLife dept, and no complaints...the rates were great considering it was a few days before the New Year...$39 and $43, respectively, for two nights.. . Check In...up to the Room. . There wasn't a huge line for check-in, although when I was called up next, the check in agent couldn't have been more rude, and stuck up.  A real dick....he didn't even confirm with me what type of room I'd be staying in, but I didn't say anything because I wanted to test his customer service skills. He told me that I'd be staying in the LAST non-smoking room in the entire resort, which I thought, that's completely bull!  So grabbed the keys, and off to the room, and WTF, the room wasn't even clean at all. Towels all over the floor, empty coffee cups laying around, pillows on the floor....ummm, say what?! I called front desk right away from the room, and demanded that they give me a different room, and that I wouldn't be willing to come down to the check in desk.  They assigned me to a different room, and when i arrived at my new room, the key wouldn't work.  Again, I complained heavily, and said that this was unacceptable.  They sent some guy with the new keys, and he wouldn't be apologetic on behalf of the hotel. I told him, "Wait, don't leave til my keys work."  He tried to run off, and i told him, "Don't you see that this is terrible service?"  His response, "I'm just doing what my supervisor told me to do."  I thought in my mind, "You're a real loser.". . Ok, so they gave me a new room--much better...clean as expected, and double beds.. Since my friend and I weren't in the room most of the time, didn't really care much for the room, since we got the room to sleep, and shower.. . Overall, my biggest gripe about this hotel, is with its horrible service.  Don't ever want to stay here again. Not worth my money.  $20 to $30 more, and stay at the Mirage.
Kind of creepy walking around the halls at night because it's dark and you just get this eerie feeling. Plus the halls kind of wrap around the center of the pyramid and there's nothing really pleasant to look at at the bottom of it all. I don't know how to explain it better and I wish I still had the picture I took... . Anyway, I didn't stay here but I visited my friend's room and it's definitely NOT one of the nicer places to stay on the strip. I'm sure the price reflects it though, right?? Oh well, not like you spend much time in there so I guess it doesn't matter TOO much. But eh you're in Vegas might as well splurge for a nicer place
Stayed here a couple of years ago, for 1 night. I just have to comment....it was so disappointing. Another priceline bid/deal gone wrong. . . Hell.
I went here over a decade ago and had fond memories of it. Since then, it's turned into a dump. On top of the fact the place is not very well maintained, you can't walk across the lobby without getting bombarded by the staff to purchase show tickets. If you are planning a trip to Vegas, do yourself a favor and stay elsewhere (ideally, the Aria).
The hotel is a dump.  My friends and I booked a room for 20 dollars and were excited to see how the pyramid layout would work.  Totally overrated. . . Upon entering the room, we saw a Cheetoh's hand print on the wall- must have been a wild party night.   The window tint (along their pyramid angled wall) was keyed up.   I guess the previous patrons didn't factor in losing when they booked their room.   . . The only redeeming factor about this Casino is their craps and blackjack game. The dealers are ultranice.  LAX is pretty overrated unless you have table service.. . 4 stars for their entertainment, and no stars for their rooms = 2 stars.
Stayed here for my bachelorette party. I didn't pay for it so that probably helps a little bit with the rating.  I knew this wasn't going to be a great hotel or anything but I was still a little excited to stay there just because it's so random and funny to stay in a pyramid shaped hotel.  . . Well, the elevators are weird and not in a fun way.  For some reason, I thought they would be glass so you could see out.  Not the case.  They move upwards at a diagonal angle which is unsettling when you're sober and nausea inducing when you're drunk.  Our room was ok.  Nothing to write home about but no problems either.  The windows and slant of the room make it seem much smaller than it probably is.  . . Check in was easy and quick.  Tacos N Tequila restaurant had good guacamole and a bachelor party there bought us Patron shots.  So that was good.  . . Gambling was ok, again nothing exciting.  . . We went out by the pool one afternoon.  It was so hot and there was no shade.  At a certain point in the afternoon, the glare coming off the pyramids was horrible.  Also, I don't need to look at a larger than life size poster of Carrot Top when I'm trying to relax.  . . Overall, it was ok but I don't think I would ever pay for their weekday prices or would be in a rush to stay there again.
The Luxor has gone downhill...and I'm not specifically talking about ever since its opening around 20 years ago, although much of its physical structure is showing age.  No, I'm talking about the roughly 2 years and 2 months since the time I first stayed at Luxor.  That first time in 2009 wasn't great either, but at least the room was clean and the service was friendly and helpful.. . This time, well...here's my check-in experience in a nutshell:. Waiting in line for the next check-in desk to open up.  One opens, and I walk towards it, noticing that the woman at the desk (her name is Shelly) doesn't beckon me over, but she also doesn't flip her sign from "Check In" to "Closed", as I'd seen others do when they closed their desks.  So I walk over and wait for her to finish typing and look up, which takes several minutes.  When she does look up.... Shelly:  "Can I HELP you with something?". Me:  "Yes, I have reservations under...". Shelly (cutting me off):  "Wait wait wait wait.   Are you CHECKING IN?". Me (looking up at the Check In sign):  "Yes.". Shelly:  "Hmmp."  (cranes her neck to also see that the sign reads Check In)  (Then, in a low and disappointed tone) "All right,  well let's check you in.". . The rest of the conversation went about the same way.  Clearly I ruined Shelly, the check-in clerk's day by approaching her and expecting to be checked in.  Had I known this beforehand, I would have avoided my social faux pas by simply booking a room at a hotel where they actually like to see customers coming in to spend their cash.  Unfortunately, the check-in was not the only thing that soured me on Luxor.  Housekeeping skipped our room entirely the second day of our visit.  The bed was uncomfortable such that I woke up sore every morning, and I'm not normally picky about beds.  All in all, our room was pretty tired and far from spotless.  (This was in the Towers, the part of the hotel that is supposed to be newer than the Pyramid.). . Next time we will be staying elsewhere in Vegas.
Luxor, you disappoint me.  This is a an aging property on the south end of the strip and while I've stayed there three times, the prior time being the most pleasant, it is really in a tired state.. . We had an incredibly poor experience with the Shelly, the gal at the check in desk, the YS detailed it in his review so I won't bring it up again and that's how it started.,with incredibly poor customer service.. . It used to be, too, that they had security near the hallways watching who went up and down in the elevators in the towers, that is no more and also you are no longer required to use a room key to operate the elevator so that means any and all can use it at all hours.  A fact I was not pleased to hear.  Shelly didn't tell us about that someone else a day or so later told us when we couldn't make the key work in the elevator.. . I dislike greatly the timeshare people that they allow on their property that hound you every time you walk by, however, we must have gotten better at dodging them or they are slipping because it was minimal hounding.  . . All in all, I'll try a newer property elsewhere on the strip.  I've recently stayed at the Encore and that was a much nicer experience.. . The Cosmopolitan interests me as well.  It's definitely in the newer nicer property list.. . I usually say I'll be back but don't bet on it.
If it wasn't for the extra clean rooms and comfortable beds I may have given it one star.. We reserved a spa room 4 months in advance and when we got there we were informed that they were renovating and would upgrade us to the tower. If I wanted a tower suite I would have reserved it. I'm sure they knew they were going to renovate way ahead of time.. Anyway the suite was spacious and nice but we wanted the experience of staying in the pyramid.. Housekeeping was fantastic.. Free wi-fi was terrible. Had to use our own data.. Expect to pay for everything. $12. to print boarding passes.. Titanic exhibit fantastic.
Always wanted ot go to Vegas just to go and see Wayne Newton. Not really a gambler, although my husband is, I was wan't really sure what I would find to do and where I should look to stay. Honestly all we needed was a clean room, with internet, a clean and functional bathroom, and a comfortable clean bed from sleeping. We never travel with the intention on spending a lot of time in our hotel rooms so we don;t need a lot of perks or special ammenities. . . Oh, and did I mention we always travel on a low budget to ensure we get to do a lot of things throughout the year. Because I found a great deal for the Luxor which provided us free buffet breakfast with each night so we were sold on staying here. . . The hotel itself looked spectacular on the outside.but when you entered the first floor (casino level) it was a little dark and dated looking. The trip to our room was a little interesting too - the elevators move sideways going up because of the pyrimid shape and apparently not all of the elevators go to every floor.. . Our room was clean, but needed some serious TLC and a remake; a dimley lit room with cracks in walls, wired internet with a hiden cable behind the television, and a bathroom that was a little questionable. However, for the price we paid it was a good room. . . If you don't mind not having a more modern room and you're looking for a place to sleep on a budget, this is the place to go while in Vegas.
Not a fan. The place has a ubiquitous unpleasant odor in the hotel and casino-not our room.  And it is not from the cigarette smoke or the vomit from over-served 21 year olds. Within an hour of arriving we were tired if both.  It smells like a cross between spoiled food and play-doh.    The room was clean. We stayed for a convention for a neighboring hotel.  We wished we had stayed elsewhere.  This place is for 21 year old, drinkers-youthful idiots.  More like spring break that a nice hotel.
Nice enough room, but a real turn off when you check in, and the rim of the toilet still has urine spots on it from the last guy that stayed here, and did not aim well.  I would have thought house keeping would do  a better job in a place like this.
Although I did state in my previous review that I would like to stay elsewhere on a future Vegas trip, I ended up booking the Luxor due to their affordable (cheap!) rates that I found on their website.  I wanted to make my trip as cost-friendly as possible, and so I reluctantly reserved a room for 3 nights during the week.. . The GOOD:. . 1)  Check in process was for the most part efficient, as more check-in counters were opened up to accommodate the growing check-in line.  The female staff member who helped me was (though not overly friendly) polite and thorough for the most part. The entire check-in process lasted less than 5 minutes and she then gave me directions to the elevators for the West Tower.. . NOTE:  The Luxor sent me an email shortly after I made my original reservation for possible room upgrades.  I had originally booked a room in the pyramid, but the email stated upgraded rooms may or may not be available and to check availability of said rooms upon check-in.  After reading the "fine print" carefully, I chose a potential upgrade to a Tower Deluxe room. There are other more pricier/larger rooms available as well, when you submit your upgrade request you can choose up to 3 upgrade room selections.   I'd like to say there is a "catch" but there is none as you keep your existing reservation at the original price if the upgrade room you chose is not vacant.  Our upgraded room was available in the West Tower, which was a much farther walk from the check-in desk than I had anticipated.. . 2)  Housekeeping staff did a great job of keeping the room tidy for the duration of our stay.  I appreciated their efforts in keeping our bathroom neat and clean especially.. . 3)  As with my past experiences at Luxor, the Valet staff remains friendly, quick, and efficient as they always have.  . . 4)  We ended up using the mobile function to check out.  Just text LCHECKOUT to 23300 and follow the prompts.  It was quick and easy!. . . The NOT SO GOOD:. . 1)  The shower drain drained quite SLOWLY for our entire stay.  This was slightly disturbing when we initially discovered it, and was very disappointing.. . 2)  The tv remotes should be replaced.  The buttons worked but not very well.. . 3)  The guest functions on the television need to be checked if they're working properly.  I attempted to check my balance and check out via the guest services on the tv but none of those functions worked....at all.   Another epic fail.. . Bottom Line:  I'm not sure that even a cheap rate will convince me to book another reservation at Luxor in the future.
Just as most strip hotel, food prices were outrageous and not even good..but they did make some nice accommodations for me to help meet my needs.
We stayed in the back side of the pyramid in a standard sized room..awful location. The window view was a damaged foam or fiberglass wall. The bedroom had mildew and mold stains on the ceiling and shower area. AND there wasn't Wi-Fi! The only good thing about it was the size was larger than most rooms on the strip.
I stayed here very recently.  The hotel looks really neat outside but once you get in the service is not as neat.  . . Check in was easy, the next morning our shower was clogged.  I had to call maintenance 3 times within an hour to get anyone to come up.  Was not helpful at all.  . . Also the hotel is not close to the main strip, up a few blocks would have been better.  The buffet was bad, seemed like old food.  The shrimp has a weird smell, the selection was good but the flavor wasn't there.  The Subway up the street was better.. . We valeted the car several times, took awhile each time to get the car.  Once one of the drivers left pistachios and shells in the car.  . . I will not stay here again, there are better hotels for just a little more on the strip or even off the strip for a cheap cab fare would be better than the Luxor.
I'm not even going to waste anymore time with this place and simply say a few words, you could do a lot better! Rude rude rude Roberto on 03/18/12 around 4:00am you need to ease up a bit and take some lessons on hospitality after all you are in the hospitality industry. . . The bad. . 1. Slow check in and rude front desk clerk. 2. Black jack dealer (female) again rude. 3. Casino floor lacks cocktail servers. I never seen more then one. . 4. If you are lucky and find a cocktail server be prepared to wait 20 or more minuets for your drink. On one accasion the waitress never returned with our drinks. And yes we were tipping well. . . The good. .  1. Rooms were very clean but I'm more then sure it had a lot to do with my room attendee Laupe. Laupe I thank you for making my stay tolerable. . 2. Pool drinks and bartenders were excellent. . 3. Valet staff and starters very efficient. . . Would I recommend this place? no. I won't even mention it.
*sigh* Long ass check in lines....  You get what you pay for. I stayed here in February 2012 and we were in the actual pyramid...in the non smoking part. If it were left to me we would NOT have stayed here...anyway on to the room:. The room is rather basic. A bed, flat screen TV, bathroom. No WOW factor at all. The room had this wet/moldy feel to it...Imagine if you left the hot water running in the shower for hours and the room got all misty/damp like...well that's what the room felt like. (That's the best way I can describe it, lol) Maybe they were trying to clean the carpet and they didn't get a chance to let it dry?. Who knows. As for the casino, it's rather small compared to the other ones on the strip and I'm not really a fan of their food options. So why did they get 2 stars? Customer service. The staff there was pretty helpful and kind, so that makes up for everything else.
Decent, but not great hotel. Stayed here during Super Bowl weekend on a last minute trip. It had a good atmosphere. The employees at the check-in needs improvement. They gave me a room key and pointed me to the wrong room. I had to walk all of the way back and gave me new room key and a different room. While I had the exercise that I need the most, it was a hassle. Also STAY AWAY FROM THE POKER ROOM. Full of luckboxes who can't play crap. There are much better poker rooms on the strip. The biggest drawback for me... NO WIFI. Their sister hotel, Mandalay Bay has a wifi, but not the Luxor. It's 2012 people... improve your technology. Anyway, it's a good stay, but there are better options out there like their sister casinos.
Whoever designed this hotel is an idiot! First off, the elevators go up sideways, so the whole time you hear a screeching noise. Secondly, they only have 2 sets of elevators, and they're oddly placed, so the walk from the lobby to your hotel room can literally take 15 minutes. And the atrium, where all the food and entertainment is at, is not accessible through the elevator!So add another 8 minute walk if you want to go there!. . And now, the rooms: SO OLDDDDD! I laughed the moment I walked in! They don't have wireless internet, so our up-to-date technology laptops couldn't use their internet CORD. So what exactly am I paying for in the resort fee? Also, their AC switch was broken and even though we went in WINTER, we had to sleep with the AC on the whole night. AND THEIR TV! HAHAHAH! It was literally cube. I haven't seen one of those since I was a teen!. . Yes, I know, we only paid about $60 per weeknight so we can't expect much, but still, a warm room would've been nice.
Outside does not match the inside.... . I felt like I was in Excalabur... how did Luxor let it get that bad?. . -Casino floor was nothing spectacular.. where is the "unique" aspect?. -Clubs we sub par.... -free drinks are watered down with what tastes like pool water.... -pool is basic, no fun attraction (except music) and half naked pasty white families.... -room was basic... but who stays in their room for long??? . -food court was wack along with buffet. -the biggest negative...NO WIFI!!!! WTF!  when I called the front desk about it they sent me to a recording about using the "ethernet cord"... REALLY!? so annoying. appearantly im a spoiled silicon valley brat.. can someone get on that?... you could make some big money turning Vegas on to Wifi. . . -room service/bell hops were awesome, fast and nice. . -two starbucks!! (although they are not full service). -decent mexican food upstairs. . sad to say I wont stay here again... unless you're paying  LOL :)
The quality of this hotel compared to just about anywhere else on the strip is subpar from the accommodations, employees and clientele. There is no doubt that this hotel is dated from appearance, especially the rooms. Also, I encountered a very rude pit poss. Never thought I would say that when Im gambling my money at a casino. To top it off, he coughed on me while talking to me and didnt make an attempt to cover his mouth. Very disappointed with this establishment.
Perks: Casino is connected to Excalibur so you can enjoy window shopping indoors between casinos. Nice exhibits. Provided coupons for complimentary stuff. . . Downfalls: Elevators are far from rooms, elevator rides can make you sick, casino is open, does not offer a lot of shops within Luxor, our room only had a shower-no tub, towels smelled burnt, toilet does not flush good. Oh, and wi-fi not so great.
Our friend's were getting married at the Four Season's Hotel, so most of the party was staying at either The Hotel, Mandalay Bay or Luxor. Since we'd already stayed at Mandalay Bay before, we decided to try the "Pyramid" experience. . . Pro's:. - housekeeping did a great job and even cleaned our rooms in late afternoon when privacy sign was up in morning. - comfortable beds, new televisions, plus channel selection. . Con's:. - They gave us 2 free drink tickets per day of stay, but most others in our wedding party that stayed at the Luxorwere not given their tickets (supposed to be part of the daily resort fee of $18). - Quite far from the center of the strip. - They have timeshare people everywhere always pestering you (very annoying!). - Lower limit tables, slots, etc definitely attracts a certain "crowd" so to speak. - Lights in the bedroom are not energy efficient (have to shut all off and on manually - this is 2012 right?). - Pool area doesn't have much shade nor has it been updated since it opened I imagine. - Lack of quality eating establishments means you always need to go somewhere else (again annoying!). . Having stayed at Mandalay Bay, Monte Carlo, Hard Rock Hotel in the past, Luxor definitely ranks at the bottom of the list and see no reason to return in the future given that they still seem to price themselves in the mid-range.
Got 2 rooms next to each other. My room had hair between the sheets and on the box springs. Line of stain on my pillow. The other room had iron burn on the sheets n also hair on the bed. DISGUSTING! Doesnt matter if they cleaned it after, i just had that thot all weekend. I wont ever stay in a room here again, there are too many hotels in LV that are cleaner. . Only reason i give it 2 stars is cuz the craps tables were ok.
Not one of the best casinos in Las Vegas. My biggest gripe is that everything closes so early! I could not find a decent place to eat after 11pm. Really?
The room was actually quite decent, service was okay and the pyramid was a nice spectacle. But the cons really outweigh the pros. There is NO wireless! NONE! If you like using things like an ipad or other tablets, don't stay here. They have free wired internet, so if your bringing your laptop that wouldn't be terrible.  The hotel had time share people stationed almost every 10 feet. It was really annoying. The buffet was decent and cheap, but I will be staying somewhere else next time because of the wireless issue!
The only reason why this place didn't get one star was because the room seemed clean; the rest left a LOT to be desired.. . Check-in was fast and easy, but just as we walked away from the counter, the woman informed us that the none of the spa tubs in the rooms equipped with them worked any more.  So essentially we paid extra for an awkward-shaped bathtub in the corner of the sleeping space.. . The casino area was ok, but the difference of service and clientele between night and daytime was literally like night and day.  During the day (and even early evening), it was quiet and fairly sparse for a strip casino.  There seemed to be almost no waitresses walking around seeing if anyone wanted a drink.  When we finally found one and started to ask her if we could get something, she snapped "WAIT!" and stalked off.. At night it transforms into a trashy wonderland of drunk Jersey Shore wanna-be boys, and drunker girls that obviously have no clue that there's a huge difference between "dressing sexy" and looking like they should be turning tricks on a seedy corner someplace.  If your boobs are barely held in and your skirt is so short you're nearly showing off your downtown dining and entertainment district, you've achieved the latter category, darlin!. . The room itself was large but sparsely furnished and extremely oddly laid-out.  Upon entering, there was a large bathroom to the left; a big shower and lots of counter space, but the lighting was absolutely awful.   Further into the room was a very small writing desk with no outlets that I could see (and no kind of seating).  The main wall of the room had a bed and two side tables.  Strangely placed perpendicular to the bed and off to the side was an armoire (which was WAY too close to the end of the bed and allowed only about 10 inches of walking room between it and the corner of the bed), and on the far side of that was a flat screen television that was pointed at a partition wall.  It could be moved to angle more towards the bed, but then the armoire was blocking half the screen.  Past the partition wall was a small room that looked as if it should have been a seating area, but was completely empty except for two luggage racks. Overall, it gave the impression of a sad, neglected theme room.. . There were absolutely no amenities... no coffeemaker, no mini-fridge; but I'd have to say my biggest complaint was a lack of wi-fi.  There's an automatic fee with the room that includes wired internet, but that's it.  C'mon... it's 2012.  Even small coffee shops have wi-fi!  My service is AT&T, and standing completely still in the room, I watched the service on the phone go from 4 bars to 2, then to no service, then to the edge network, then back up to 2 bars.  Thankfully, calls seemed to go through ok and texts were slow but worked; but anything web-based on the phone was pretty much useless even when it would reach 4 bars of service.  I'm not sure what's going on in the pyramid, but my phone even started acting buggy while in the room... at one point I noticed the clock showed eastern time for no reason.  To top it all off, I had to keep the phone plugged in or in airplane mode because the battery drained so quickly from it constantly searching for signals.. . The tower rooms are of better quality, but if you have to stay at the Luxor, avoid staying in the pyramid!
I think the Luxor needs an update. I don't find it especially attractive inside. Just think of what they could do to the appearance of the hotel room windows to improve the view when you look up inside the pyramid. I can't believe its still so plain and unadorned. The outside of the Luxor draws you in, only to be disappointed by the been-there-done-that interior.  . . I have yet to stay in one of the rooms and would like to do that, as the slanted walls and view of the inside of the building would make it interesting, but other than that, there's nothing special about the Luxor. Sure the old Egyptian motif was cheesy, but what does it have now? No personality!
Its really too bad this place was a let down.  First: checking in was a nightmare! Line was around the building and it took hours to get checked in. Plus be warned that the people in the black jackets do not work there! They are timeshare husseling chizlers looking to trap you into a high pressure sales pitch 20 minutes away from the strip with the lure of a free show. Dont get sucked into that! Better to pay for the shows you want to see rather than spend one of your precious vacation days with sales sharks.  When we finally got to our room it was nothing special.  They charged us $18 per night for internet and didnt even offer WiFi! Since we both brought our kindles we couldn't even use it but of course they still made us pay for the short wire hanging on the wall. WTF! Hello Luxor!! Even every roadside motel has WiFi now!  So on to the pool.  What a huge dissapointment! They have 3 pools: one for the kids, one for the adults and one that you have to pay to swim in.  All three of them were dirty and only go to 3 feet deep. and since no one wanted to pay to swim in the other pool it was completely empty and the other one was standing room only. I've swam in pools at second rate motels that were far much nicer and cleaner.  To top the whole thing off the 2 free buffets that I was promised they ended up charging me for and it was not even  that good. I would have never spent $50 to eat there!  So if you are going to Vegas dont stay at the Luxor, go there and take pictures of the pyramid, the sphinx, and such but STAY somewhere else!
Once upon a time, the Luxor was pretty nice. Back in like 2001. Sadly, it is showing its age and even worse, the current owners seem to be picking away at the Egyptian theme and mixing in more "hip" things, like the LAX nightclub. It doesn't work. Grafting more modern things onto the Egyptian architecture looks totally cheesy and desperate. As for the room, the AC was rattling and wheezing like an old smoker on a binge. We also had a broken hairdryer but it was promptly replaced. Our room was fine, otherwise. The pool was great, we bought the day pass into the private area, which was worth it--as the big pool was filled with drunken douchebags and their guid-ettes. All the cool little shops in the Bazaar are closed--there used to be some nice ones. Now there are just some tatty little souvenir kiosks. Next time, I will stay elsewhere.. . PS 1998 called and wants its wired internet back. Why are we charged a "resort fee" that includes WIRED internet? Who uses that anymore?
Decent location but the interior is way over due for a facelift.  The hallways/pathways are dark and the rooms are musty.  Plus there's really not much to do (party-wise) down there..  BUT if you're just looking for a cheap room on the strip, it's a safe bet.
On paper, Luxor seems to be a good bargain.  The room rates are among the lowest on the Strip, and the property seems to be trying to cater to a younger demographic with their nightclub.  This might all be fine for a certain Vegas visitor.  For an inveterate gambler and tourist like myself, however, there are better options for just a little more money.. . Do what you can to book the Tower room, as I did when I stayed there.  The rooms are newer and nicer than the Pyramid rooms, though you won't get to ride the diagonal elevators (called "inclinators," which actually seem kind of cool).  You also won't worry about some of the problems others have complained about.. . The parking lot is difficult to find and FAAAAR away from the front desk.  I didn't learn that valet parking was free until *after* I left, even though I asked if there was a closer lot when I checked in.  You would think that customer service would have thought to mention that, but no. . . You will be assaulted by salespersons the moment you step onto casino carpeting, and you just have to sneak around them, apologizing as you go.  They know you're dragging luggage with you, though, so you're going to run into them sooner or later.. . The room was nice, but very dark.  With all the lights on, it was still dim in the room.  Fiancee complained about the bed and pillows being awful, but I can generally sleep on anything.  They didn't have a king-size available, and we had to settle for two queens.. . Luxor sits on the extreme south end of the Strip, and it's difficult to get around without a car or monorail.  I also swear they have two Starbucks on the floor, and they're 10 feet from each other.. . Conclusion: For the price, you get a fair amount.  The room will be nicer than the similarly-priced Imperial Palace.  The location is far worse, though, so you need to ask yourself why you came to Vegas.  If you want to walk from casino to casino, try another property.
Meh.... It's allrriiiiiggghhttt. . Nothing special about this place in my opinion. . I stayed here the weekend of EDC so there were sooooo many people here. Thus, the staff was in an extra snappy mood the entire time. . . With so many people, I don't think they were really prepared to handle everyone. No one helped us with a smile, everyone just straight faced and kinda lacking in personality. The rooms were clean enough, but the restrooms didn't have any type of ventilation?? . . The pool was nothing special either... . . BUT The valet was awful when we were leaving. We had two cars for our room, my sister and I left a night before the rest of our party and as we were leaving we grabbed the wrong valet ticket. When they brought out our friend's car we explained the situation and the woman acted like we were asking her to move the world instead of just bringing us the other car. It was a HUGE ordeal for her. She was awful, and seriously needed a chill pill.
Ill chime in,   Ive stayed here twice, both times in the pyramid.   Its one of the cheaper rooms on the strip, and theres a reason.   The pyramid rooms are really in need of a renovation.  Badly.. . The A/C  kinda worked.   My room never got below 75 or so,  which is way too warm for a hotel room in the desert.
Parking sucks.  Thats hard in vegas too. Coming from LA where parking is atrocious this is the only hotel on the strip where you may not find a spot.  The check in process is terrible and most of the people working there don't realize they work in the "HOSPITALITY industry" You cant go to or from your car without being harassed by timeshare vampires. The lobby is pretty cool and has a great design but who really cares? The rooms are ok but the a/c sucks. Every night I have stayed there the fire alarm goes off in the middle of the night. no lie.  The checkout process may be longer than the check in process, but they have an express check out.  It got the 2nd star because its cheap and on the strip.
I recently went to the Luxor and was immediately confused.  This place is so odd, you better bring bread crumbs to find your way back.  I kept seeing elevators saying they only went to certain floors and was trying to understand the map I did find of the joint.  Eventually I had to ask a dealer at the BlackJack table where the food court was.  We walked right past it when we went inside.  We didn't take the stairs up like we should have.  But, hello, mark your casino!  I like big glowing signs with arrows pointing me in the right direction.  There would be signs and then nothing.  We finally got up to their food court.  We got our food and proceeded to have our napkins blown off the table by the oscillating air conditioning.  I don't know if this was an issue at other tables, but even the food bag blew off the table the wind was so strong.  The layout of this casino to me is just odd.  Oh, and if you want to get married, you are in luck!  The chapel is right by the food court so you can just shuffle your wedding party to the food court for your wedding reception.  Bad location IMO for a wedding chapel!  I gave this place two stars because I liked the angled ceiling and the outside of it is cool(I love the themed unique casinos in Vegas, not sterile look the same casinos).
If I could, I'd give 2 and a half stars. It was not bad for the money. My boyfriend and I stayed one night there for our 21st b-days and for the most part, it was fine for us. I like how at check in, you get a coupon book with a lot of free and half price stuff. We got one free drink each and free admission to a night club, LAX, which was nice. However, I wouldn't recommend The Cat-house. It's very small and smokey and the drinks I got were horrible. We also got other coupons to restaurants in the Luxor and Excalibur.  The room was nice and updated, there was one corner where the wall paper was starting to peel, but it was no big deal. The bed was very comfy! I did notice a couple weird things, I left my laptop on the desk in the room, plugged up to the wired internet. When we came back, it was unplugged and the cord looked like it was thrown behind the desk and the alarm clock was also going off, which we did not even set. We put a do not disturb sign on the door, but I don't know, I kind of felt like someone came in. Nothing was missing, thankfully. When we first got there, we wanted to leave our bag with the bell desk and the people there were very rude. But we got the bag checked and then at check in, the people there were very nice. What I'd like to see less of are those annoying time share people. They try to stop everyone and even when you say no and walk away, they're still yelling out to you.
This hotel needs some serious renovation. We were so stoked to get a suite with a jacuzzi to find that it was broken and they were "in the process" of removing jacuzzi tubs from the suites. Well, gee...wish we knew that when we searched for hotels to stay at in Las Vegas (total false advertisement). Having a jacuzzi tub in our suite was the determine factor between there and Rio. If we knew Luxor was totally bogus about having certain commodities in their room, we would have chosen the Rio with much BETTER buffet layout. Service was okay. We stayed here for a week and the service just got irritating as they wanted tips for every little thing. I don't mind tipping, I get it. I guess in America, doing your job and showing a little kindness requires a bit of tip. Wish I get tipped for putting in extra hours after school to tutor my students. I don't plan to stay at this hotel again, unless they renovate a few things. The gym was clean and I enjoyed the fact that you could borrow earphones, towels, and they provided water. That was probably the best part about this hotel. Other than that, I don't plan to stay here again. Valet team was decent. Baggage lady broke the straps on my husband's luggage and dropped my body wash bottle, so it was bent out of shape. We were wondering why they were packing up our trunk super fast. Overall, 2 stars. I was at the EVO 2012 gaming convention at Casaer, so we were there most of the time. Casaer was super expensive, so unfortunately this time we didn't find a good deal for it. Rio still has the best buffet in my opinion! I love the Carnival World Buffet, especially the noodle soup stand and crabs! :)
Old and out dated. Expect to wait a long time for check in. Really far from the action. Do your legs a favor and spend a bit more closer to middle of the strip. . We had ice thrown close to us in the lobby from the upper levels and laser pointers in our faces while gambling. . . Won't go again.
While the room itself is decent for what we paid, the casino itself with the people who work there are total failure!!    Dont expect to have a fun gamble and get you drink when you play with brick face dealer who is sitting there emotionless like a robot machine.  For the time I spend there gambling, I never had the drinks serve and bartenders in a bar dont care to talk to you unless you flush your cash for their tip.  . If you on a budget,I recommend for  you to stay at Luxor but party and gamble somewhere else.
I checked in my 15th floor room, was good with nice view, yesterday. Then this morning, the ants swarmed the room. So they moved me to the suite on the 2nd floor with windows facing the big wall of next building.. . About WiFi.... There is NONE! Just wired ethernet which is NOT long enough to reach the sofa in the living room. To use the ethernet, you need to stand up and put your laptop next to the TV.... . On my next trip, I will stay at other hotel.
Solid 2 stars, service is at bare minimal and often with an attitude. Lines everywhere, even for checking in bags. Seems like nobody cares whether I come back or not. Hotel and rooms are old, often dirty. Elevator feels like its about to drop to the ground due to building shifting to 1 side. There are better places on the strip for the same price. This place has a tram to Ex Caliber and Mandalay Bay, but not to any other hotels. Bars have no service. Casino has generally relatively poor service.
I remember when this place was new, very nice.  Now; the place does not look or smell very good, bed kinda crappy, bathroom needs to be updated and repaired.  You can see it everywhere, the maintenance needs to improve and it's time to update.  Parking area is too small and dirty, power wash that sucker, while you at it power wash the whole exterior!  Staff very friendly and helpful though..
When the Luxor was new, it was a delight to ride the "inclinator" and stay in a pyramid! Alas, on my recent August visit, the Luxor mostly gave off a sad feeling: it knows its days of glory are in the past, a fading memory.
The rooms are so dated for the price.  Feels like I'm in the late 80s or early 90s.  I hate how they have people in the front trying to have you sign up for stuff.  The building is cool on the outside but that's about it.
Went to the Titanic exhibit which I enjoyed but the building itself is pretty nasty on the inside. Wouldn't want to stay or gamble here. I did get a picture of the famous O.J. white Bronco.
Something about this casino gives me the creeps. Ok touche on lax club but this place has wierd vibes. I'm not a big person or care too much on paranormal stuff but the minute you walk in here it just feels like the energy is drained - either that or Chris Angel is to blame for all his "magic". Unfortunately I had to stay at this resort for three days on a business trip. Bad time for a business trip. It was so last minute and affordable that I had to stay here and boy did I hate it. Staying here will likely have you next to some rowdy neighbors and god does this place need renovation or a paint job. It's just so dark, it needs lighting to accent the place just a tad bit to bring some life into it. One thing that's really just annoying to see is carrot tops face plastered everywhere. The posters beefs him up and makes him look all buff but when you actually see the guy, hes pretty scrawny. Poor thing!. . Anyway thumbs up to the people who like the stay, the only thing I'd literally agree to like on is the fact that they give you complimentary drink tickets; that's all! Everything on this side of the strip pretty much isn't worth it. I'd pay a little more just to be closer to the greater tourist area.. . King tut, sorry man but you gotta step the game up! This place lacks the umph!
First time staying in Vegas for my wedding and we opted for the Luxor because I really liked their wedding packages.  This review is about the hotel itself; I'll do a separate review for the chapel.. From the minute you walk in you're bombarded by people offering you free show tickets and a $50 voucher if you go to a timeshare presentation.  DO NOT DO IT!  We actually did sign up for it, because it sounded like a good deal and they said it would only take 2 hours.  Friends of ours got suckered into it on a previous stay and ended up being stuck at this presentation for over 4, so we skipped it.  The entire weekend we were there though people constantly harass you to sign up for this.  Even when the photographer was taking pictures of us after the ceremony in the hotel, when we walked past they were still throwing pitches towards us!  WTF?!. Front desk check-in wasn't too slow and they were nice and friendly.  I had the same complaint as everyone else...the a/c in the room sucks.  It's a box unit and only blows in one direction.  It's right by the large window too, so I'm sure a lot of air gets sucked out that way.  The room also needed some updating and repairs.  The wardrobe was really badly scuffed or chipped.  I thought the bathroom was fairly nice and looked like it had been redone recently.  The beds were pretty comfortable and housekeeping did a good job.. However, the bell desk was pretty unfriendly and seemed annoyed that we were even bothering them.  I was also charged twice for having my dress pressed, and was told it will take 10 days for them to investigate the charges.  The weird thing is they charged one day and the other charge was two days later.. Had breakfast at MORE and it was just ok.  Pyramid Cafe was actually way better and cheaper; I just don't get my money's worth at buffets unless it's got seafood.. Cathouse was a meatmarket.  LAX was just wholly pretentious without even being a good club.  Pretty lame all around.. So overall Luxor was just ok to stay in.  We did get a good deal on it, which we got to share with our wedding guests.  Now I know why.  If I ever return to Vegas I'll definitely find somewhere else to stay.
HaHA.  Well, do you want to be transported to bad memories of 1980's architecture?  It's dank, oppressive and from what I saw the rooms are depressing.  The slots are loose from what I've been told on the up side.  Just find the exit in time.
I used to stay here all the time because I love the big theme hotels and they always have great deals. On this trip my husband once again found a great deal so decided to stay here for a weekend getaway with friends. I have to say the place had gotten a little run down the once shining pyramid is obviously in a desperate need of window washing. Our room was in the pyramid and clean and nice sized but obviously old and in need of some TLC the bathrooms were also clean but in need of new paper etc. nice sizes shower. The casino was not too busy and didn't really invite me to play all in all its ok and it's a good price most the time but I'd rather find somewhere else
Dear Luxor,. Please fix your elevators & get wifi.. Thank you.
It's a beautiful hotel that entices customers with its exterior and main floor; but those who stay there find themselves sadly disappointed with its state of repair. It's in dire need of updates and its otherwise pleasing architecture leaves one walking a city block if your room isn't located near one of the elevators.  That being said here is a small list of my complaints: . . A. Use the elevator;  our front deskperson may have been having a bad day but as we got on the elevator with a few different parties who all hit the floor buttons and then rode up and down the elevator waiting for the doors to open on the floor only to be sorely disappointed to discover it had zipped past everyone's floor; it was getting frustrating until someone got on at another floor and explained you had to use your room key to get to your floor and showed us the not obvious location to insert the said key;  I'm guessing that keeps the professional ladies from walking the floors but I thought it was ridiculous; . . B. Finding the food court area is a bit much you can look into from the upper levels of the hallway (it's a cool view) but once you find the correct entrance you need to walk the stairs/ramp or use and elevator. It was a bit much after a long day of walking my tourist friends around the strip. . . C. The rooms aren't bad and you really shouldn't be spending too much time in them anyway but the WiFI package they try to talk you into didn't work correctly and even when we called down to ensure we had the correct login it was advised we could always jack into the system using the USB cable; we gave up and just used our cell phone internet. . . The Casino itself was great; fun games live and video; but being a local and wanting my friends to see more than that we used the Valet a lot.  We had to wait 10-15 mins once but otherwise my car was in and out in less than 7 so they are top notch;  I don't know if I will ever stay here again and they won't be high on my recommendation due to the list above but it is a cool place to visit.
I've stayed here for a company conference once, and my experience here could've been better but hey its a solid yelpn' two stars.. . The rooms here are decent, its not too bad. I like their bath and their spacious rooms but the beds could've been more comfy, the sheets are thin and they should upgrade on their comforters. . . Back in the days I've always wanted to stay here because of the name and the cool exterior design Pyramid, but finally I get to experience the stay and I was like meh? I thought I was gonna stay in Luxury. Cool from the outside and okay inside is the better way to put it. Luxor has an awesome pool, especially when you park here and walk before you get inside then you tend to stop and look at people having fun at the water park.. . Luxor maybe outdated on the comfort level side, its better if you can get lucky to stay at a budget price and still enjoy the amenities. This place is connected to "Mandalay Place" the shopping corridorwith Mandalay Bay and tryout their frozen margarita stand before you get into Mandalay Place its pretty good.
The Luxor is just one small step above Excalibur.  That is not a compliment for anyone who does not know the area.  On the surface it is not that bad, but then you start seeing things.  Maintenance is clearly not a priority.  Also the elevators are horrible.  They shimmy and shake all the time.. . The rooms are kind of OK.  I did have an issue getting a consistent temperature in the shower.  The rooms, hallways and elevators are in need of some updating.. . If you are on a tight budget this will do in a pinch.  It is not for me, but it has its place.
This place is a freakin' dump. I woke up every morning with congestion/sore throat, etc because I dont think they thoroughly clean the room (dust mites perhaps?).. . I do have to say that my stay averaged out to $80 bucks a night, so in that sense it's hard to beat.. it's just everything is sort of run down and lacking.  Even their pool is sad (despite the fact that it's apparently the largest pool deck in LV).. . I hope they update it, because the pyramid shape is so cool, but if you can swing it, stay somewhere else until it is remodeled.
For a hotel being in such a great location it should really be down the block near stratosphere.  This hotel was not nearly as good as I thought.  Air conditioner didnt work and they didn't switch us room just said that it was the sun.  This wasnt the first time I have stayed here but both times were not good same problems with the air and staff wasnt so friendly...  ill stay at the excaliber next door next time!
I stayed here for one night for the incredible rate of $49! When I entered my room for the first time, I was pleased that it was spacious and the bed was very comfortable. Its not beautiful or impressive but I accept that you get what you pay for. After walking down the strip, I was looking forward to taking a long, hot bath. Unfortunately, there was a hair in the bath tub! I was very disappointed that the housekeeper didn't notice it. I was told by the receptionist upon check-in that this was one of the better looking rooms and I disagree! Also, to pay $18 for a resort fee is ridiculous since the wifi speed was the slowest I've ever experienced. Because there are many other choices on the strip, I doubt that I will stay here again. When I think of Luxor, all I can remember now is the hair in the bath tub.
It's fairly cheap as far as strip hotels are concerned, in my mind that's the only reason to stay there. I reserved a pyramid king room and they gave me a tower. Eh. The room was ok, no view at all though.
An aging hotel well past its prime.  The pool scene is nonexistent and all the pools allow children.  So enjoy hanging out by the pool and having a drink with children screaming in your ear.  Social scene - not much going on here at all.  The Mexican restaurant upstairs  (T&T) is good (casual), and the Public House is good (casual).  . . The pyramid rooms are just plain old.  The newer tower has better quality rooms.  The kicker about this place - No WiFi for guests.  You literally have to pull an Ethernet cable out of the TV cabinet across the room to the desk (and if you don't have an Ethernet jack, e.g. a Macbook Air then no Internet for you!).
I just came back from a conference in Vegas and Luxor was the closest hotel with availability.  The room in the East Tower was fine and I would rate it about 4 stars but I had to drop stars for the following reasons:. . 1.  When I checked in I let the front desk clerk know my wife & baby will be coming in on another flight and will need to get up to the room while I'm away to the conference.  So she had me write down my wife's name on the room reservation.  When wife arrived she was told that the name was not on the reservation and she had to wait an hour & a half at the reception with a crying baby and had to clean diapers in the public washroom.  When I talked to the manager on duty later his response was "What do you want me to do about it?".. . 2. There is a loud screeching rumble which sounds like a generator right behind the room we were given that started up around 6:45am every morning we were there.  I did not have to set an alarm as the generator was loud enough to wake all of us up.  Luckily for us, baby normally wakes up around that time anyway.. . 3. Quite a few annoyances such as at one of the restaurants at Luxor, the waiter gave us the option to charge meals to the room and then came back 15 min later saying they can't do it (with no reason given) and then taking another 15 min to settle our bill with a credit card.  Also, even though Luxor advertises Wifi availability it is very inconsistent and we could barely make use of it.
The front desk staff was extremely helpful and very courteous. The Luxor has impressive customer service. Unfortunately, that is the only truly positive thing I can say about my stay.. . This run-down hotel sports peeling wallpaper and carpeting that is coming up in places. Six elevators weren't working. The air was liquid with smoker. Even the nonsmoking rooms reeked of smoke; you couldn't escape it.  Because of the slanted walls, all the furniture is crammed near the bed, so there was no where to hang out except the bed. The ethernet cable was broken, so I could never move my laptop off the table. The bathroom had been remodeled but not the rest of the room, so everything else was really old.. . Pony up the cash and stay elsewhere.
The Luxor! Went to Vegas for the first time and the pyramid really captured my attention. The casino was nice. The place as a whole was decorated really nicely. T&T is delish! The buffet was pretty good as well. The staff were friendly. I didn't do much entertainment here.. . Two stars for the stay. One thing about the room, it was pretty stuffy. The heating/cooling system is old but works fine. We had a huge flat screen and everything you needed but a fridge and a microwave (I think you have to request the fridge). I most likely won't stay there again. I want to try Planet Hollywood next! Did I mention I saw a roach??? Uh, yeah.
This place was pretty cool back in the day when it first opened. Upon my return, I was highly disappointed. There is literally almost nothing inside that carries an Egyptian theme. Its just so bland and boring. Half the shops were vacant.  Gaming looked unappealing. Did not stay here as a Guest so cannot comment on rooms.
I got the free room playing the MyVegas game so thought I would check this place out. The room was pretty clean and the bed was ok. Stayed at the East Wing which seemed like an eternal walk to the elevators. . . The only thing I didn't like was that they don't have wifi but they have wired internet that you need to drag a cable across the room. Are you kidding? Ok, I don't mind if the cable was right next to the desk which is where most people would sit and use their laptop, but to have it dragged across the room is terrible. Can't they use the $18 that they charged me for resort fees to buy wifi routers?
We stayed at the Luxor as part of a Southwest airline vacation deal. Our first room was in the pyramid, and it was actually quite nice. Big TV, comfy beds, excellent mountain view. Inside the hotel, the room overlooked the back of the mezzanine, which was actually extremely dingy, but who cares what the view is from the room door, right? . . Our second night there it rained. My girlfriend was feeling very ill, and so we decided to turn in early to try and get some good sleep and get her feeling better. We returned to the room around 8pm, to find that the roof was leaking, splattering on the table and chair by the window. I called down to report the leak, and a rude receptionist told me they would send up maintenance. This seemed odd to me, having worked as the maintenance manager for a hotel for a few years. What was maintenance going to go, scale the pyramid and reseal the window in the rain?. . By 9pm we still had heard nothing. I called down again and they just transferred my call to housekeeping. The housekeeping manager said they had never received any request for maintenance, and that the policy was when this happened they should just move our room. She then transferred me back to the front desk! . . By 9:20 we were told that they were going to upgrade our room, and move us to the west tower. At 9:25 the maintenance guy shows up, and despite us telling him 3 times that we would be out of the room shortly, he insisted on coming in and putting towels down. By 9:40 the bell hop showed up with our new room keys and asked if we needed help with our luggage. I said no, so he promptly took off without bothering to tell us even what general direction we should head to find this room. . . The upgraded room in the tower was much nicer, though smaller than the pyramid room. When we were finally settled in, my very tired and very optimistic girlfriend decided to take a soak in the jet-tub, and I decided to get a few drinks to put in the fridge. When the tub was full, the jets didn't work. When I returned, I found that the fridge didn't work. So, I went down to talk to the manager on duty. He told me that none of the jets work, and if we want, he could send maintenance up to fix the fridge. After all we had been through already, I told him to send someone in the morning. His response? He wouldn't, but I could call down and have someone come up. He didn't even bother getting my room number. . . I was tremendously disappointed in the Luxor. It is a beautiful facility, clean, reasonably well maintained, with only a few minor problems. However, they clearly do not really care about their guests, and so the minor problems that they do have are magnified. Stay at your own risk.
Spent four nights here. NOT a place to do business. No wi-fi in the rooms; just the old fashion ethernet plug. The Stage Door Deli, way back by Elevator #2 has free wi-fi connection. Someplace else in the building there's wi-fi at a fee, but I didn't look for it. New York-New York, MGM Grand, Planet Hollywood, and a couple other hotels had free wi-fi available in the public areas.. . The room was okay. Decor was dated and not in an Egyptian way. The cigarette burn hole in the bedspread set the mood.. . LOVE the shower...and I'm a man who enjoys a good shower. Hot water, the much needed spout high on the wall (I'm 6 foot, 4 inches), and a comfy bed. Setting the room temperature takes some doing as it's an old fashion two-knob heating/cooling unit. . . If you stay in the pyramid, remember the elevators follow the building's structure. Several guests commented it felt weird (sea sick?) riding the elevator.. . Almost forgot..! There's a mezzanine level off the lobby near registration with a food court. It's fast food, but probably the least expensive meal you'll have while at the Luxor.. . Glad I stayed here for the experience. Won't do it again.
If you're looking for a bargain casino/hotel to stay at on the strip, then this might be the place.  We stayed here on a Southwest Airlines special, so price was the driving factor.  Granted, the place is rather old (no Wi-Fi), features sub-par shows, and lacks fine dining, it's a serviceable place to crash after a heavy night of touring, drinking, and partying.  . . We visited during Christmas and apparently that's why half the restaurants were closed while most of the amenities (e.g. pool and sauna) were under construction or repairs.  They had some 'Titanic' and 'Bodies' exhibit going on, but we didn't bother to check it out. . . They do have a nice sports bar down on the ground floor though.  Also, if you don't mind the casino/lobby noise making its way up to your sky-high room,  then you should be able to sleep well.  If you need to be pampered and treated like royalty, go pay top dollar at the Bellagio or Venetian.
I used to love this hotel. I've been coming here since I was a little kid. Just the theme and decorations are really neat to me. The granite and marble is crisp and cool (especially in the summer time). But this place has definitely changed over the years. There is no longer an arcade on the atrium level - but now there's a connection to Mandalay Bay which is nice.. . Our first room was in the pyramid on the fifth floor. Talk about not having a view or the experience of using one of the diagonal elevators - I was disappointed to say the least. And then, after unpacking everything, we discovered that the heater was broken. Now I know that usually people wouldn't need to use a heater in Las Vegas, but it was December and our room was pretty dang cold. (I mean it was snowing on the freeway on the drive there!) . . So, after packing everything up, we went to the front desk and they upgraded us to a west tower room. It was quite a hike to get to the elevators, and when we got in the room, the first thing we checked was the heater. It didn't really work there either, but at least it turned on and wasn't broken. The hot water in the shower, tub and sink also took about 5 minutes to actually get hot. And during our 3 night stay, our toiletries (you know, the little shampoo and stuff) were never replaced, even though I'm sure the maid saw the empty bottles sitting there.. . Overall, you'll get what you pay for if you stay at the Luxor, It's one of the cheaper places on the strip.This place has definitely gone down in quality over the years - especially compared to the newer hotels. So if you're looking for a good cheap place to stay without a lot of flair, this would be it. But if you want to do Vegas in fancy style, I would recommend one of the newer hotels closer to the center of the strip.
Had a good experience staying here last year. . . Cheap hotel. If you need a place to crash on the strip that still connects to other hotels. This might be your spot.. . If you like walking around the corners of the pyramid to reach broken elevators, then this might be your spot.. . Stay away from the LOBBY BAR! and the starbucks closest to the Excalibur walkway.. Nothing but attitude and crappy drinks at those places.. . This pyramid could use an upgrade as far as : staff, decor, and accessibility.  Way over due!!  . . Oooohhh the last thing I must say, is avoid all the people in black suits with nametags asking "Where are you from?", or "Do you want to see a free show?" These are time-share hounds looking for unsuspecting visitors trying to find the registration desk.  They sadly fool so many tourists into thinking a worker is being friendly and helping them get checked in.  Once you realize they are trying to sell something, simply say "I have no money", and watch their personality do a 180.. . these hustlers need to be banned from hotels.
We had recently stayed at the Luxor over the Christmas holiday week. I had personally stayed at this property in Oct 2001. Back then I was in awe of this marvel of architecture; this time not so much. We had booked into the pyramid and at check in the clerk told us she was upgrading us to the tower due to being sold out in the pyramid. It is my understanding that the pyramid rooms are under renovation and we were lucky to be in the tower. I will agree to the tower being nice our room was clean and newly renovated. We passed by some pyramid rooms and saw peeling wall paper and the rooms were just plain wore out. Overall the entire hotel/casino is wore out IMHO. If you pay attention you will see the dirt everywhere. We will never stay here again; there are just too many options available. The draw backs are the same as other reviews in here but the MAJOR DRAWBACK in the rooms walls are, as if, paper thin. Every night we had to deal with the guests next door. We could here their every word, thump and bump. This does not make for a quiet stay when you need rest. We knew when everyone in the tower was flushing a toilet or taking a shower. The buffet was awful! I am being kind. The only place worth eating at in this property is the Back Stage Deli. While still overpriced it was still the cheapest place to eat and the most food. I got violently ill after eating at the Public House- heed my warning. Bring water. You will be thirsty and at $3.00 a 10 oz bottle you wont regret buying a case of water from Walgreen's or Walmart. I can only knock MGM Resorts for allowing this property to run into such a ragged condition, but they are slowly but surely fixing her. The big problem is the noise and outrageous prices they charge for food. This does not make for much desire to gamble in their casinos. We've found other locations that just feel better. Of course with the amount of people coming and going from Las Vegas, they will never need to worry about how poorly they treat and feed their guests or how poor they look. That's sad but true.
We stayed here for the 4 nights leading up to Christmas. Luxor had rooms for less than $50/night when we were booking so we chose to stay here despite reviews. Maybe it's just Vegas (or this hotel) , but I'm used to staying at hotels with free airport shuttles so I wasn't a fan of the fact that they didn't have one. Anyway, I read that it was outdated but didn't think anything of it. But as soon as I walked in, I noticed a very distinct old building/thrift shop/senior complex odor. Older places on the strip, such as Excalibur, Circus Circus, and The Flamingo also had that really annoying smell. I got used to it, but walking into the newer hotels like The Cosmopolitan was like rubbing salt in the wound because the scented air blowing through the vents was heavenly and I didn't want to leave! . . The interior does look dated, but it honestly wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. Believe me, I've seen some ridiculously old hotels and this wasn't too bad. But I will say that someone needs to take care of the walls by the elevator bank on in the main pyramid. They were so obviously peeling off (like literally ready to part ways with the wall) that there's no way the staff didn't notice. . . I also would not advise anyone to eat at any of the places here. I had been looking forward to trying Tacos and Tequila, which happened to be closed for the ENTIRE time we were  there. We stopped at the McDonald's when we first checked in and I can honestly say it was one of the worst I've ever had. How do you mess up fast food? My grilled chicken sandwich honestly tasted wet and raw and I thought they don't even make it themselves?! The buffet was $35 for an all day pass, but I saw the reviews and didn't even bother.... . There was free "wired" internet access in the rooms, meaning that you literally had to plug in an ethernet cord like it was '01. It was fine for my laptop but my sis had no access on her iPad. I have no complaints about the service, as the rooms were clean and the hotel staff was friendly enough and came promptly whenever we called. However, I seriously doubt I'd ever come here again unless it was to see Fantasy. The location is at the beginning of the strip, so we had to hop on the bus just to get to where all of the real action is. It's also cold at this time and I don't like trekking anywhere, so next time I will definitely stay in a  more expensive, centrally-located hotel with better restaurants and nightlife (LAX..eek! )
we stay here from December 30 to January 3,2013.  ok I was impress with the hotel, room was clean,their services its good, but towels have this weird smell, and  the only complain I have is that they charge me  for internet or if you use phone I didn't used it but they charge any way so if you thinking of booking in this hotel bring a laptop and used the phone, next time I try something different less expensive and free Wi-Fi
I swear this hotel is haunted! The elevators, i mean "inclinators" gave me a headache every time I used it. The interior of the inclinator is falling apart and in the 4B inclinators, we would randomly stop on every floor AND the doors would open and close numerous times before taking us to our destination. yiiiikes!. . The rooms: Spacious for the most part, poor lighting, and I was super impressed with their bathroom. There was ample lighting and spacious counter top.. . I do like the fact that the hotel has a decent sized food court and the view you get once your leave your hotel room. I wish their monorail would take us further into the strip, other than just to MGM and Excalibur. . . Overall, Luxor is a place of choice if you don't care where you stay, wanna be on/close to the "strip", cheap, and has a little bit of everything.. . Cost staying there: Free.99
Luxor is rated as a 4 star resort, however it charges below average rates which attracts below average guests.  If you are on a tight budget and you want a 4 star, than this is the place for you.  That being said, Luxor only starts check in at 3pm.  Meaning you can't check in when you get there you have to get in a long ass line which doesnt even start moving until 3pm-STUPID!  The rooms here are nice enough but can be noisy with all the low brow guests.  Catering to their clientelle there is actually a cheap fast food food court on the second floor LOL.  The service is friendly and the buffet was surprisingly good, Luxor is just not our cup of tea :)
Just stayed here for PPAI show. Not impressed. Although the room was pretty clean, it smelled like cat piss when I opened the door. Shower didn't drain, when my husband got out of the shower the first night, there was a was if long nasty wet hair laying in the shower after it drained. EWE.. So I picked it up and went on with my day. . When I finally decided to call about the shower filling up like a tub, they did come up and fix it by the time I got back to the room. . Valet was quick and helpful.. There is also a 'resort fee' that is stupid. And the elevator was awfully rickety and the buffet literally was disgusting and I'm not a picky eater. Luckily I didn't witness any cockroaches.. Much better options on the strip to stay. I probably won't be coming here again but we did win close to $800 on a slot machine here :)
I love the Luxor from 7 years ago, but the reviwers are right, time has passed it by... . There are no jetted tubs at the Luxor, none of them work, the front desk lady made a point of showing me the note they put in my file, informing me that the Jets don't work, pretty classless.  . . The shows there are uninteresting, cant wait for Jabberwockeez though, Buffett is ok, just did breakfast.  . . The best thing about the Luxor is the spa.. 15 bucks for steam room and hot tub, rocks..
Meh is about right. Our friends had picked the Mandalay Bay and we picked the Luxor since it was about half the price and connected to the Mandalay Bay via a shopping arcade. I suppose you get what you pay for.. . First the mandatory resort fee: $18/day for wired internet access (who still travels with wired devices???) that we couldn't use, use of the fitness center (ok, we could have used that) and use of the pool (which was under renovation and given that it was February not useful anyway). That FCC ruling can't come early enough to abolish those practices.... . Anyway we checked in a bit after midnight and had to wait about 20 minutes in line. Really? Then we got a handicapped room next to the nightclub on the 2nd floor. Good thing we were so wiped from the flight that we slept anyway. The next morning I was about ready to check out and find another place.. . Luckily when we checked back with the front desk we found a really nice associate who put us into a proper room on the 23rd floor. What a difference location makes! The room was the same tired decor (peeling, dirty wallpaper, chairs with almost torn fabric that I wouldn't want to sit on) but having a proper shower and quiet location made all the difference.. . So while in the end our stay was OK we'll probably book something else if we ever go back to Vegas on vacation (which is doubtful in itself).
I remember when I stayed at the Luxor about 10 years ago and was pretty decent. . . 10 years later, I would have to say that I was not totally impressed by this hotel.  Nothing much has changed (i.e. no upgrades or rennovations that I see).  It seems like they added a few new restaurants but honestly nothing woth writing home about.  . . CONS:. 1) Our hotel room was OKAY, no fridge or microwave. The toilet looked dirty when we arrived (like they didn't bother cleaning it).  New upgrades to the rooms would be nice. 2) The water in the bathroom was very hard (especially in the shower).. 3) Semi-decent toiletries - need to upgrade or something! . 4) Overly aggressive sales people all over asking us where we are from and if we want to get a free night next year. 5) The slots took all my money (my fault). 6) $60 "convenience" fee?! Really? Shaking my head. . 7) No free shuttles to the airports but that's with all hotels on the strip. . PROS:. 1) The maid service was good, they were always in and out in a jiffy and cleaned our rooms impeccably.    . 2) GYM/FITNESS Center - lots of machines, treadmills, bikes, weights, yoga mats, mirrors, water dispenser, towels. Just really hard to find (just look for the spa and you'll see it). . Overall, it was OKAY. I don't know if I would stay here again or would I recommend it.  Left me wanting more.
All things outdated & in need of renovations. The casino/lobby/hotel was empty! It also had a funny smell to it. The shops on the lower level were just as empty and some store fronts did not have any businesses occupying them. In one of the gift shops, the saleswoman was beyond annoying. Once you looked at something, she proceeded to tell you the price, even though it was already marked or had a sign hanging. She tried to make small talk, but really only took minutes off my life. If the prices weren't so cheap, I would've walked out sooner. Maybe she is part of the reason no one was in the store, they're too busy running away. The pyramid lights up at night, which is neat, but that's the only thing it has going for this hotel.
I've stayed in the Luxor five years in a row during an annual work trip. It's OK, but I wouldn't say I look forward to my stay. . . First of all, the beds are comfortable, the rooms are relatively big, and I've never noticed a conspicuous lack of house cleaning. So if all you are looking for is a basic place to spend the night and you've managed to find a cheap room rate, stop reading right now. The Luxor will suit you fine.. . If, like me, you have to actually get some work done while you're in Vegas... well, you could do better than the Luxor. The $18/day convenience fee includes wired (!) internet access, which is ridiculously dated - throw in some WiFi and I would gladly pay that fee, but wired internet access does me absolutely no good. The room lighting is extremely dim, making it difficult to not only do any work but also to see yourself in the mirror. Speaking of the mirror, the only full-length mirror is on the front of the TV armoire and divided into four quadrants by the wood edging of the doors - meaning there really isn't a full-length mirror. The towels are rough, there's no coffeemaker in the room, and the decor is getting sort of dated. Again, these are things you probably don't care about if you're staying in the Luxor for a cheap, fun Vegas trip - however, they matter to me as I can't choose my dates and thus have to pay upwards of $100 per night for a sub-par room.. . As far as the larger casino, it's OK - I actually kind of like the cheesy pyramid decor downstairs, and the location isn't bad (though I wish they would connect it to some other casinos by tram so I didn't have to walk through the Excalibur in order to go north on the strip). The casino is nowhere near as smoke-filled as the Excalibur, though not quite as pleasant as Mandalay Bay. I like the restaurants and shopping in Mandalay Place, and it's not really that far to walk to the Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, or even as far north as Caesar's if you have the time. None of the restaurants in the Luxor are really my thing, though I appreciate that they have three separate Starbucks locations (crucial when there's no in-room coffee). . . If I got to choose, I wouldn't stay in the Luxor. Like it or not, I'll be back.
My main complaint here is that I was fooled.  They advertised a rate and then when I checked in, there was a "mandatory resort fee".  They know they have you by the shorties because valet has your car and you have traveled so far and yada yada yada.  . My rate was uncreased about 40%.  . Fooled me once.  Shame on you.  It won't happen again.
Basic hotel. U pay for what u get. There is a resort fee, but I didn't get to use any resort amenities while I was there. Not bad  of a place though. Hallways in the pyramid freak me out though (if you are scared of heights)
First, the Luxor could be a nice place. Our East Tower room was spacious, quiet and well-appointed. We had a decent view of the mountains and the strip. The bathroom was large with a deep tub and separate shower. It should have been a great stay BUT, they nibbled away at our enjoyment with little things. Check in included a 15 minute wait. There were a lot of check in clerks, but many seemed involved in pecking away at their computers with a bored look. The check-in area is not separated from the gaming area and is very noisy. I had trouble hearing the clerk above the background noise and clerks on both sides. My reservation, made on the Luxor website, was supposed to include $30 in food credits per day. The clerk would not give it to me until I insisted she check their own website to verify it. She finally gave me one credit grudgingly. It turned out that the food credit use was so restricted as to be useless to us anyway (thanks for nothing). We were supposed to have free Internet. We found they do not have Wi-Fi, at least not in rooms.  You dig behind the TV to get a kinked up cable to lie across the room (anyone remember the 90s?) where it can tripped over regularly. Unfortunately, it didn't work. After 3 phone calls to staff, we gave up and didn't get our Internet connection. Later they told me Wi-Fi was available in some rooms on an 'experimental' basis.  Let me know how that 'experiment' works out.  Maybe they can check with any mom & pop motel for technical advice.  If you like coffee in the morning, there is no in room coffee. You can either order a $14 (+ tip) pot from room service that may or may not be hot when it gets to you (and there is no microwave to warm it up) or you can make the long trek to the casino area. Don't bring your own cup to Starbucks though; they don't do refills. It will probably take a while to make the coffee run because wherever you go in Luxor, the time share people will swarm like mosquitos in the woods in Minnesota in June. They fool you by dressing like hotel staffers and are as hard to shake off as a wood tick. Other little problems kept piling up: the elevator down button that didn't work, the elevator that sat open all morning with a buzzer going off, the short person shower head that sprayed sideways, the dirty window that spoiled the view and a mandatory resort fee that we received absolutely nothing in for. The worst problem was that the staff just didn't seem to care. They were uncaring at best and curt at worst. We seemed to be a nuisance to them. The only smiling faces we saw were the ubiquitous time share people. We might have worked around the various problems, but we checked out a day early because we did not feel welcome; the Luxor staff was more interested in justifying their shortcomings than in the comfort of their guests. . Room Tip: The towers are nicer rooms than the pyramid, but any roadside Super 8 has more amenities and better customer service than either.
Out of date. Terrible service. . . We arrived to the hotel and waited in line for 15 minutes to check-in. We got to our room, which was apparently non-smoking, and it smelled of smoke. The decor is out of date. The beds have probably been here since this place opened in 1993. You sink into them, so bring advil because you'll need it for your back the next day. Towels are stiff and scratchy, that is when you get them. There is no coffee maker. . . This place is in need ofserious upgrades. Service could be better, too.
I stayed in the hotel for a couple of nights. They could have used more people checking people into their rooms. The overall layout of the room was good the air conditioning didn't really work and the beds were little hard. They need to make the self parking bigger. The buffet breakfast could have been better. The Casino floor could have been a little cooler.
Given the steep nightly resort fee ($18), it's difficult to like this property even if you can get a moderately good mid week room rate. Just spent four nights there. King room was good sized. No couch though. No in-room coffee service either. Bathroom showed signs of wear. Sink stopper didn't work. Shower door railings hadn't been cleaned in years. Wallpaper coming unglued. The hotel was busy. Housekeeping was sloppy and slow. Same for bellmen. Unless you are a small child, the bath towels are way too small. The Tender Steakhouse was a pleasant surprise...not terribly overpriced. Very diverse menu. Service was good, but keep in mind the room is slow paced. Allow at least 2.5 hours for dinner. Valet was quite efficient -- never had to wait too long. Would I stay at the Luxor again? Probably not.
The location of this hotel is probably the biggest downside. It's further down the strip so if you want to get to the more central part of the strip (Caesar's, Bellagio, MGM) you have either walk 30 minutes, which in the Las Vegas heat is not always desirable, or spend $30 to take a cab there and back. And at busy times (Friday/Saturday night) you'll have to wait in a 20 minute line for a cab. All of this effort isn't really worth it for an "okay" hotel.. . The second big annoyance with this hotel is the elevators. They take FOREVER. I think we waited 5-6 minutes at one point.. . The room my friends and I stayed in was fine, but our friends' room had wallpaper coming off the walls right above the bed, it looked like there had been something hanging there but it was ripped off. Definitely noticeable and unsightly. Also note if you are going with a big group and staying in separate rooms, make sure you get rooms on the same floor or at least in the same wing/section! There's different elevators for different floors and you need your key to use the elevator, so it's quite a challenge to go to your friends' room if you're on different elevators.. . I'd recommend the Tacos and Tequila restaurant that's on the second floor, really good food/drinks. The drink stand, however, I would not recommend. My friends and I all got yard sizes of the frozen drinks offered there and we all felt really sick after. They're definitely too sugary and you can definitely get better elsewhere in Vegas. . . The food court (which has Starbucks, McDonald's, etc)  is also really convenient for a cheap meal/snack.
During my recent trip to Vegas for work, I was asked on a number of occasions, "Where are you staying?" When I responded, "The Luxor" I must have gotten the most mixed responses ever- some people made awful faces, some people said they loved it and others were not familiar. As this was my second trip to the Luxor, I know its not a 5 star hotel - and that was OK with me. I'm only there for work, and I'll be at a conference all day and only in my room to sleep was often my response to any naysayers. But I have changed my tune... I will try my hardest to tell my boss to upgrade me to the much more suitable Mandalay Bay next year. . . Upon my arrival, I was prepared for the typical pyramid room with 2 double beds and a tempting view of the pool which I wouldn't have time to use. I was actually surprised when they offered me a free upgrade to the Tower Suites, which was a larger room, larger bathroom and most importantly a nice King Size bed for me to sleep smack dab in the middle of. I checked in and was happy to have gotten the upgrade... until it was actually time for me to be in my room. . . First problem was the thermostat. I like a nice cold room when I sleep and the Luxor could not provide. My fan never seemed to kick on and it was like a hot box in that place. Not the end of the world, until you combine that with the fact that the walls were so thin, I heard every footstep in the hallway, every door shut and most disturbing, even my next door neighbor blowing his or her nose in the shower every morning (luckily that's the only blowing I Heard). The carpet was dirty, the bathroom had tiles missing and the lighting is pretty poor in the room. . . I know people don't necessarily go to Vegas to get a good nights rest, but when you are traveling for work, the days can be VERY long, and at the end of the day, all I wanted to do was get a good nights rest and be prepared for the following day at the conference. I was so sleep deprived and miserable, I actually ended up catching the flu on my last day, which made my boss really, REALLY happy (Sarcasm). . . If you are looking for a cheap place to stay and that is all you care about then the Luxor is the right place for you. But I would be warned of the tower rooms, they are not really all that much of an upgrade. I was much more comfortable and cooler in the quieter yet smaller pyramid rooms last year.
Going by the Yelp rating system, "Meh, I've experienced better" is a solid way to put my experience at the Luxor.  I try to come to Vegas once a year and I would not stay at the Luxor again.  . . 1.  The rooms are hot and stuffy.  Obviously, there are no windows so it feels like you are a little stuck.. . 2.  Because of the pyramid feel, there is a lack of natural light.  For example, when you walk around the Mandalay Bay it's beautiful because they have tons of large, open windows.. . 3. (Probably the most important) The walls are PAPER THIN.  You can hear EVERYTHING going on in the room next to you.  This makes it really difficult if you are actually trying to sleep.  . . 4.  There is an $18 resort fee per day.  Stupid.. . 5.  In order to print your boarding passes, it costs $1.00 per minute.  In addition, they charge you $1.50 per page.  . . Overall, it is just an alright place to stay.  If you have options, I'd definitely stay somewhere else.  It would definitely be worth the extra money to stay somewhere else.  However, the cleaning staff is super friendly.
There's nothing to say that hasn't already been said. The hotel is mediocre at best. We experienced the worst service we've ever had by the manager of the box office Diego. The only reason why this review isn't a one star is because after being treated so terribly by Diego the Casino & Hotel stepped in and apologized and it made it right.
I made the mistake of using Hotwire to book my Vegas hotel.  Somehow, according to Hotwire, Luxor is a 4 star hotel.. . HAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA. . Oh, Hotwire, you crazy.. . Long story short, rooms in the Luxor are similar to those at a Best Western.  Except, you're in a weird-ass pyramid.  I will say the beds are very comfortable and the room was clean.  The inclinator (not elevator, since it climbs the pyramid at an angle), however, is scary old.  Pieces of it were shaking while moving and I sorta feared for my life.  It also looks like it was crafted in 1989.  Time for upgrading, methinks.. . Overall, it's okay, but a 4-star rating is ridiculous.
Don't expect much.  For the price, you cannot do better.  The rooms were clean (Tower Deluxe), staff was courteous, and the noise level was low.. . The only disadvantage was the constant smell of cigarette smoke everywhere.  The bars on site were decent, expecially since the front desk clerk upon check-in gave me a handful of free drink tickets.
We stayed here for my son's birthday. He didn't like being up so high in the hotel. Our room smelled like stale cigs and was supposed to be non smoking....rightttttt...the location was way further down from the strip than I anticipated. . . Our room was clean, our check in was swift surprisingly, I showed Military ID and that seemed to help. . . My Mom wasn't happy with. The casinos. They take your life savings and u win nothing, but I guess that's Vegas right..... . Don't plan on staying there again...too much of a hassle.
There is mandatory resort fee added to each room, but it still does not include the wireless internet. You need to pay extra for everything! Long distance walking from parking self to lobby, and to each room. We had to give our car for valet each time we stepped out.Poor service overall!.the room was really nice and clean but I was not impressed with the hallways and the views from the hallways. The hallways didn't look maintained with trim missing and carpet that was uneven. When we looked over the railing in the hallway, it looked very dirty. We saw lots of garbage and empty boxes. The price was cheap but I think I would try a different place next time. The Luxor is an older hotel so it's a little worn. No coffeemaker in our room. The staff was helpful and friendly. The cigarette smoke throughout the casino..I purchased 2 nights at Luxor on a 30% off sale. I thought its on the strip and owned by MGM so it can't be that bad! But apparently there is a big difference between staying in a pyramid room and the tower. Our room was really old, Overall, the staff is nice and its its not the worst hotel on the strip. But I feel that if you can spend the extra money go elsewhere! If you are just looking for a head and a bed you might not mind as much but it was very far off down the strip from the places we want to go so either plan on spending more on taxis or trying to walk through the other hotels. Vegas is not as walkable as you would like to think, you basically have to use the other hotels to even move around! Food is way too expensive and no coffemaker in the room was a big deal breaker for me :-( There are much better hotels on the strip.Will certainly not be staying @ Luxor again
Upstairs is better. The downstairs part is kinda ghetto.
Found the hotel a little confusing and the air seemed stuffy. Room were ok, friend found a dust bunny the size of a cat when the room curtains were moved. Seemed more than a few guests had got great room deals when they listened to a time share presentation.
Run down! Cheap looking!
This is an old hotel and unfortunately not well maintained. Wear and tear in many spots, and the elevator was shaking all the up (a good reminder not to skip Church on Sunday). The ambiance was depressing  and some of the staff are not really that friendly (most were friendly though). The room was relatively clean, the bed is good. Luckily I only stayed there for a day
Good LOCATION,  seems it has gone down hill.  Buffet - don't waste your time, McDs style chicken nuggets with sweet glaze they call that "Sweet Sour Chicken" - no joke.  Staff atfront desk were nice.  We would have stayed some place else but all inclusive package was good, although frobt desk staff needed help with check in.  Slots are poor pay outs.  Housekeeping were friendly.
First time I've stayed here and it will be the last. Was it cheap? Yeah but I guess you pay for what you get. The lounge and casino area are nice but because of the unique pyramid shape of the building, it is easy to get lost. You feel like you're doing laps the entire time.. . The restaurants inside were expensive and the food was mediocre at best. Rice & Company is an Asian fusion place. I spend $30 on Americanized imitation Chinese food and it was not good.. . My room was clean, but it was small and old. The shower drain was clogged so the water did not drain down during a shower. Big minus for me there.. . Overall, my stay was below average.
The only reason I gave 2 stars was because my  coupon book was nice lots of free drink coupons, club LAX was nice and I love the bling out T shirt I bought at the gift shop. I only stayed here because my BFF was getting married and I needed to be close. If I would have known what I know now I would have stayed next door.  I took one for the game. I felt like I was at Motel 6. The room was smaller then my dressing room at home. (ok bad example my dressing room is overly large. )The room was hot all weekend long I think it's cause the angle of the windows I don't know I'm not an architect but I'm use to the best. The  toilet was cracked and the elevator omg  lets just say don't drink and ride. And don't ride drunk it's a bumpy ride. Oh and the buffet was terrible I wish I had read the Yelp reviews before I went.  Everywhere you went  in the hotel someone was trying to sell you timeshare(look lady i just need directions) I felt like i was in Mexico.  I  go to Vegas alot and Lets just say the Luxor has never been on my list of places to stay and I see why.  And who don't have WiFi anymore? The luxor only has two places in the whole resort where you can find a hot spot.  That is crazy I think they should take the resort fee off for that.
Stayed here while we celebrated my brother's bachelor party for several days not too long ago. Got 2 pyramid suites on the same floor with two queen beds in each so it accomodated the 6 of us pretty well. . . The quality of the room was like a motel 6, beds were unremarkable, but watching my brother's hungover fat friend soak himself in the large tub in the corner of the suite proved amusing. . . Can't complain about the price, $80 a night for each suite. They told me no wifi in the room even if I paid for it, but hey there is complimentary WIRED internet in the room! Is this place stuck in the year 2000? Do people other than business men still travel with their laptops/notebooks? I thought most people have smart phones and tablets these days. No wifi.... pfffft.  . . My reservationincluded a "20 dollar food and beverage credit" per room. Funny thing was, this credit was only useable at the nicer restaurants where all the entrees are at least $30 or $40 or so...... . . The staff was friendly for the most part, no complaints there. . . Again the big part for me was the hidden resort fee. (on top of my prepaid room) I was never informed of the resort fee, at check in or at check out. $40 per room. The lady in the accounting department days later told me that $40 "includes FREE wired internet, a FREE newspaper, FREE pool access and FREE access to the gym!!!" . . Well its not really FREE then is it???!?!?!? . . Lastly, while calling the hotel days later to inquire about the surprise resort fees that showed up on my credit card I had to wait fifty minutes.....  Each time I called them I was able to get through to a reservations agent within seconds, but accounting? I had to wait FIFTY minutes! I counted them! Im serious. Their accounting was in some central off site call center too, its not like it was some small team there at the hotel! Just this process of TRYING to inquire about my extra fees was honestly what pushed me over the edge from a "not that great stay" to "im never staying there again" as well as inspired this review. . . NEVER AGAIN LUXOR! NEVER AGAIN!. . . One last detail: I threw up on the elevator. And im not sorry. (Yes ON it.)
THIS REVIEW IS FOR YOU STARBUCKS LOVERS.. . For you Starbucks members, don't expect to get rewards or anything here. The first time I came here, they said that they couldn't give us the free drink (every 12th drink for a gold member is free) and they didn't give a good explanation. Finally, they said that they're not a part of the actual starbucks. OKAY. The second time I came here, I wanted to reload my card. They can't do that here either! The barista was not friendly at all when she informed me about this. I ordered a grande iced hazelnut macchiato. Disgusting. She put in way too much hazelnut and the espresso tasted burnt. I was too lazy to go back so I tried to bear with it but ended up throwing it away. This happened at the one downstairs next to Blizz(?). . . There's another one upstairs at the food court. My friend goes to ask for a refill, as gold card members can. Again, they say that they can't. She asks for a cup of water and they gave her a small sample paper cup and said that they can't give her more than that. What the heck? . . I'm not planning on coming here again. Sucks for gold card members and their baristas are rude and suck. There's plenty of other Starbucks around in Vegas so go check out one of those.
Never staying here again. I stayed here for a week long conference that was held in Mandalay Bay. The bf and I thought it would be a good idea to stay here b/c of the indoor walkway to Mandalay Bay.. . The room was in one of the side buildings (not in the actual pyramid). It was roomy and decent until we started noticing COCKROACHES. Yes folks -- LAS CUCARACHAS, in the bathroom. We notified the front desk and all they did was send people in to sweep up the dead cucarachas only to have them re-appear the next day. Never AGAIN. Excalibur is right across the street and it's just as bad, but 1/2 the price.
I was disappointed with my stay at Luxor 7/2 - 7/5/13.  Thought I was getting a high end hotel but I've stayed at less popular hotels and had a better experience. The worst part was that me and my daughter neck is still hurting from the flat pillows that was on the bed.  I paid $37 one night $40 another night and $135 on the 4th.  They nickle and dime you for everything.  I paid an extra $22 to check in early and over $60 in resort fees.  The wi-fi barely worked at times and the air condition was the worst ever.  I had to keep it on all night.  It still wasn't enough.  Overheard another guest talking about his air condition not working.  I was on the 23rd floor and the elevators are so raggedy and noisy.  Technicians were there the whole time.   The buffet was weak.  We brought the $35 eat all day and I was not impressed at all.  Ate at the Rice Company had a $20 coupon which we used and I appreciated that.  Didn't like the fact that they had separate pools which no one was in the VIP area but about 5 peep.  Had to pay more money for that which was no better than the public pool.  There was nothing special about the pool.  No one was in the cabanas.  Pool open up late and close before night fall.  Saw the Jabbawokeez (sp) and it was disappointing for the price.  They charged fees (electricity) to my ticket.  When I used my card in the slots didn't win anything. Losing $20 every 5 min.   Had to stop using my card to actually play for more than 30 minutes.  Don't plan on staying again.  If I do, will bring my own pillow.
If they tell you that transferring to the West Wing is an upgrade, don't get too excited. It may be an upgrade by their standard but that doesn't count for anything.. . And they have no Wi-Fi service in the rooms. That's just crazy' more so when considering they charge $20/day as resort fees for services including, wait for it, internet! But it's only via wired ethernet cable. Too bad if you have a tablet or a phone. Unfortunately Verizon Wireless signal was spotty in room ranging between none and two-bars.. . The electric switch in the bathroom was depressed in to the wall. Thankfully it wasn't an electrocution threat at least. The sink basin drains water like it's trying to savour every last drop. Gross if you are using it immediately after your roommate, when sharing the room.. . Finally, this property is definitely not a 4 star hotel despite the official classification.
The basics: Stay somewhere else.  . . The details:  . Resort fee?  For what? Could be more appropriately labled wired internet fee.  No wireless internet available.. . Rooms/property is very old, rundown. Mold in the shower, carpets soiled and "coming up.". . The rooms are very hot.  This is July and the A/C unit simply cannot keep the room cool. . . No ammentities, not even an in room coffee maker.  . . Stay somewhere else.
I was hoping this was going to be a great experience.  First we saw the check in line, it was huge. Thirty minutes later we were at the front of the line. Resort fees for what??? You get nothing for it. The elevators are a ride themselves,  I have never been in a elevator that swung sideways. Going up is fast but down I think they just drop you and pray the brakes work. The hallway to our room was very warm. The room itself was ok. Except the air conditioner. .it needs to go cooler especially in August. And whats up with the blinds. .why cant they close all the way? Later we tried their buffet and that was the worst buffet ever. Best thing was the checkout. We checked out through the tv, that sped things up alot. Wished it was better because from the outside it looks so great. But sadly no.
(Sigh)... I don't want to go into detail because I'll end up writing a book. But this place is cool for its NAME and because its shape like a pyramid. The lobby looks cool but the hallways to your room, and the room just looked old. The room doesn't have enough light because of the angle of the glass (diagonal due to pyramid), the internet is available through an Ethernet cable (no wifi) but luckily I had my laptop and more.... The bathroom was nice, I'll give them that. Sorry Luxor but I won't be back anytime soon.Look cool and make an entrance when you arrive. #CoolHair
The Luxor is the coolest building on the strip! There is a pyramid in Vegas! You also get to ride in  an inclinator if your hotel room is in the pyramid. Think of Willy Wonka (the OG version, not the Johnny Depp remake tragedy).. . I had a girlfriend stay here over the weekend. Her first night was okay, check-in was seamless. Until she got a 7:30 AM wake up call via pounding on the door. Her bathroom had leaked (and I was hungover passed out in another bed). We had to pack up her entire room and they upgraded her to another room. The new room had no AC so we had to pack up and then moved to the West Tower. They upgraded us again and gave us a voucher for $50 good for dining within the resort. Turns out it was only good for the buffet. Thanks for nothing.. . All in all, the Luxor: It's like a Money, see? From far away, it's okay, but up close, it's a big old mess.(Kudos if you guess the movie quote correctly.)
Stayed here for almost a week when I was staying in Vegas. I've seen better places around in Vegas. The hotel actually is quite outdated, with many rooms (stayed in three rooms) that have old (but clean) bathrooms. When checking in, thats not unusual in Vegas, most of the times there are long rows with people waiting to check in. Except the rows check in service is quick, the staff is not really friendly, they provide you the basics. . . Half our stay we had a day of thunderstorms and rain. Never seen such a storm in Vegas, but the windows of our hotel room (tower room) started to leak. We instantly got a new room, but I was actually quite surprised water was flowing inside, how can that happen in such a big hotel! . . Another positive point is that we had to leave earlier than planned, and got a restitution for the canceled days. The hotel provided good service there.. . The casino is not really spectacular, I like the MGM and Aria more as a place to stay. The buffet is ok, not excellent. The bars are also ok, not excellent. . . A tip: they ask quite a lot of money for wifi access in your hotel room, so there are a few places in the hotel where there is free wifi access. In the space between the fitness room and the pool area, and in the middle of the casino you will have free wifi access!
Terrible customer service all around. Front desk, both Starbucks, food court, buffet... everywhere. Rude and incompetent employees.  The one exception is the bar staff at the pool.  Those guys were really cool. The only reason I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1 is because the rooms were clean, comfortable, and affordable.  Still not worth staying there ever again.. . Ashley, a front desk/check-in receptionist is outrageously rude.  I'm sorry for anyone who encounters her.  She's young, long dark hair... rolls her eyes a lot and gives answers like, "I don't know, I don't work in house keeping" when you ask her when your room might be available to check in.. . Perry, a manager at the front, is also entirely useless.  We came at 3:00 to check in, as that's the designated check-in time, and our room was not ready.  He apparently could not find out at all when it might be ready.  Last I checked, housekeeping has walkie talkies on them and can easily be reached.  He told us the room could be ready in 5 minutes or as late as 10:00pm, that there was no guarantee on check-in time.  F that.  That is unacceptable.  We booked a suite, check-in is at 3.  Not whenever the heck they feel like it.  It was absurd.. . Takes 20 mins to get an iced latte at Starbucks or a sandwich at the food court.  Also, the host staff at the More buffet is incredibly rude.
I stayed at the Luxor when in town for a convention earlier this year. It wasn't bad, adequate (but in a mediocre way). The rates were fairly reasonable considering the location right on the strip. The room was clean and looked as I expected they would, considering hundreds of people had stayed there before. . . My major gripe was that they didn't have WiFi. My acquaintances and fellow convention attendees were absolutely shocked when I told them. I traveled with my tablet and smartphone, fully expecting that I'd be able to use them but alas, there was only an ethernet jack in the room. I would have used regular 4G but alas, service is spotty at best (probably having to do with being inside a giant, thick walled tomb structure. Probably.) Since I was there for a convention and had many meetings to make, it was vital that I check my email for cancellations and confirmations, I was sorely disappointed at this inconvenience. I would have even paid for it, had it existed.  I mean... Motel 6 has free WiFi. It was like being stuck in 1995. . . I'll stay anywhere else next year, the WiFi is just a deal breaker, unfortunately.
Cheap rates for a cheaper hotel on the strip.  The shape of the place is really cool and when in the hotel elevators, it is very evident that you are not in a typical elevator that goes straight up and down.  However, because of the layout of the place, everywhere smells like smoke!  Even in the hallways of the hotel room.  The rooms need renovations as it is an older hotel, but you get what you pay for.  Would I stay here again? Probably not.
I came here about 2-3 years ago. This is probably the worst hotel you can stay in Vegas. Don't get me wrong, it looks beautiful on the outside, but the inside is a totally different story. Because it's a pyramid shape, your hotel room is going to be slanted as well, which makes the hotel smaller than it seems. I remember coming here and the room was disgusting. I found cups from leftover drinks (probably from the previous customers) but still, I can't believe that my room wasn't fully cleaned. I also found strains all over the shower. I made a complaint to the front desk and after arguing for a good 30 minutes, they finally upgraded me to a tower room. It was a little bit better, but I didn't think it was worth coming here. It's also at the end of the strip so you would need to cab it everywhere. Save yourself the money and go towards the main hotels on the strip such as Bellagio.. . I did have to give this place one credit though (bumping them up from 1 star to 2). My friend left something at the hotel and Luxor was nice enough to ship it back to NY free of charge.
I really wanted to like the Lux. Some parts of it were interesting to look at. It also never felt super busy. We did not receive good service. The staff is not friendly! The fact that there is no Wi-fi there just blew my mind. They say you can get it in the casino but it is pretty spotty. The wired internet is not dependable either. Our bedding had stains on it and the room was too warm even with the AC blasting. :(
You get what you pay for. With that said, 2.5 stars is as high as you can go.. . To start off positive, the room and bathroom are a decent size, flat screen TV, comfortable beds, and the slanted windows are nice. They send you an email with a link to check out without waiting in line, that was helpful. But, there's no ceiling light, no wifi in the rooms, the carpet looks highly questionable, and the sideways roller elevators are a disaster. If you have any fears of closed spaces, rocking elevators, trouble with balancing, being drunk... stay away from this place.
I love vegas, but this casino has seen better days. The room was comfortable, nothing special. The casino floor is not very big. The buffet is terrible. Stale bread, chicken that tastes like crap. Do yourself a favor and stay away. The criss angel show is way over rated. Got kicked out by security for taking pics they didn't bother to warn me. Will never stay here again. Also the elevators do not feel safe. It gets two stars for nice room and being close to a nice casino,Mandalay Bay.
Luxor is probably going to be one of those one time hotel stay thing for me.  We booked a room in advance for King size bed, but they did not have any available for some reason when we arrived, which they made us come back in a few hours.. . The staff seems very rude in this whole place, and even in some of the souvenir stores.  Aside from the fun fact of riding in the hotel elevator under the influence of alcohol, I do not see much value out of this place.
I'm a veteran of the Vegas strip and this time we stayed at two places including one night at the Lux. I'm a fan of any thing Egyptian even if it's just for decoration and for years I was looking forward to staying here; maybe my expectations were too high.. . My experience started with check-in and while I was returning the rental car across the street at the Tropicana and my wife with baby in arms went over with my license and credit card and tried to check-in but because she used a third party site to book they would not let her check-in and cited fraud related purposes.. . Okay I understand but then I called reservations, I verified my information and asked them to add her to the reservation and they would not so she had to wait for me and ironically she was the one who made the reservation with my info in the first place.. . Let's ignore that and call it my misunderstanding - they are protecting me. So after check-in I walked over to the belldesk and asked them to deliver our bags and they told me I had to call from the room to get my bags delivered even though I was going straight up and when I questioned why; I got a little attitude, almost rude - so of course when I got to the room I had to call twice because they got busy all of sudden and didn't pick up the first time.. . The elevators are located in a far corner and only in one corner of the whole building (16th floor) and of course our room was located diagonally from that corner and it felt like a 1/4 mile walk. The room was okay space wise, nothing special but the shower drain was semi-clogged causing the bottom to fill up, then towel bar fell apart on the floor and design wise the shower didn't have a shelf for shampoos etc, unless you put it on the now flooded and soapy shower floor. Nice... Holiday Inn Express has better showers.. . By the time we got down to the gaming floor - the music was tiring and sleepy, lighting and lack of colors made the place feel a little like a dungeon. The tables were okay, gambling wasn't bad but one of the dealers was talking so much to the other players about old movies i.e. Clockwork Orange that after 20 minutes of slow, boring and unfocused dealing I went to another table.. . I ordered a drink, asked for Goose and was willing to pay an up-charge but was offered only Sky or Absolute; three watered down drinks later and barely a buzz.. . Perhaps my only valid complaint is that three of the atm/redemption machines were broken and after walking the whole floor the one working machine we found had a long line.. . Overall we just spent way too much time waiting...
Something new I just learned: Don't stay at the Luxor... EVER... Rude people stalking you to give you some kind of deal on your next hotel stay (locals need not apply), BUT even when I told them I was local they were rude and questioned me about where I lived and asked me what my zip code was. I showed that fat ass my ID. What's that fat boy? Oh, you can't offer me that promotion cause I'm local? No shit, asshole! I just told you that! . . Oh, and there's no wireless internet.  . . And something else I forgot to mention.  When we first arrived, our key cards didn't work.  Apparently, maintenance was working on the bathroom.  It's kinda weird when you get to your room and your key doesn't work and some guy pops his head out and tells you, "Oh, you have the right room.  I'm just fixing your sink, but come on in".  Awkward.  I would think that if the room wasn't ready, the lobby would've known and assigned a different room.. . Did I mention that I just checked in about an hour ago?  Nice job, Luxor.  Really. You've impressed me so much, I'm never coming back.
Stayed here with a group that met in Las Vegas for a friends wedding. I usually stay at MGM Grand for the convenience of it. It is in the middle of all of what, I feel, is needed in Vegas. I was a little apprehensive staying here, as I had a bad experience here a few years ago and said I'd never be back. Nonetheless, our friends were here and this is where we opted to be for them. We booked a suite via my MLife card and saved a good 20% off our suite. Upon arriving into Vegas, the Luxor had a VIP check in line. But my status with MLife wasn't good enough. I hate lines. I don't do them. I am quite impatient in them, in fact. I have to be a little foo foo in this review ;-) The line moved rather quickly and quickly we were on our way up to our suite. We had a corner suite with the view of the strip; well, as far as one can see down the strip at the Luxor, since it sits a little off the main strip. Our room was dated. It was big and the bed was comfy and firm. The room was dated, though. It is in need of a renovation that gets it out of the 90's with all the purple velvet couches and diamond printed rugs. The armoire, was warped and falling apart. The suite was nice though. Relatively quiet. The hot tub sat on a platform of tile, (thats a little dangerous if its wet on the tile from the hot tub and there is any alcohol involved), overlooking the street. We liked being able to take a hot tub at the end of a night of debaucheries out. The Luxor doesn't have as many restaurants open as MGM late at night for drunchies. But there is a Starbucks. I was okay with this hotel. But it's not my fav and again, needs renovation. The design is cool and the layout works. Just update the hotel already.
Stayed in the West Tower.  If I went back, I would pay the extra to stay in the main pyramid.  Room was nothing special and was a LONG walk from anything (especially considering the conference was in the Mandalay Bay).  No Wifi in the room, though there was a free Ethernet cable that ran from behind the TV - strange setup.  Room clean enough and comfortable bed, though dated amenities.. . Luxor is fun but would be inclined to stay elsewhere and come for a visit.
Me and the boyfriend booked a regular pyramid room here. After telling a friend that we were going to stay here, they told us about their experience with the cramped room and low ceilings. Upon arrival, boyfriend decided to upgrade so we would not have to deal with what our friend went through, he was able to upgrade to the second highest suite. . . We get into the suite and it was nice and clean, just not as lush as you would hope from a suite. Once entering the room, there is a living, and sink area, was nice, but we never spent anytime in this area. The bedroom was the next room, was ok, nothing special. This suite just looked like two regular rooms connected, nothing special.
There is no escaping the smoke, smoke rises in the open pyramid and the top floor rooms smell of smoke. Stay in the tower if your looking to get a break from the smoke. "Carny barkers" trying to sell you tickets to the Luxor shows hound you 3-4 times each time you walk around the casino floor. Quality rooms, its a value stay near the strip.
For a hotel in the center strip (or damned close anyway) this is not much. The check in area is huge, confusing and the wait is exceptionally long. The east tower (where we stayed) is ok but the walk to it is like in Reno or something! Jeez folks you never heard of escalators, moving sidwalks or maybe a cab to the elevator??? Anyway the room is oK but nothing special, they have no coffee pot in room (seriously?) and the amenaties are not what they could be. Beds are uncomfortable and we also got bed bugs! Not really the Las vegas experiance I was expecting. The only up side is Chris angel and some other shows in the hotel so you don't have to worry about getting there from another hotel. Oh last thing parking is an absolute disaster!! Don't valet unless you want to wait forever.
For the location and the price, I was honestly expecting a lot more. We go to Vegas an average of 5 times a year, so I'll boast that I'm only slightly past novice status as an LV hotel-goer. . . Rooms were well-worn, the windows were dirty and unpleasant to look out of, and the customer service at the front desk was slooooooow, inept, and befuddling. I'd booked on Priceline more than 12 hours in advance, but they couldn't find any record of my reservation, which turned into a weird bait-and-switch of having me pay full after I had already been charged by Priceline. Funny how those things never work out in your favor. Eventually it worked out (they found my reservation), but not after a headache. Took a half hour to check in, so Priceliners, tread with caution. . . Highlights of the Luxor are the pool and the spiked slushies/daiquiris. That said, you're able to experience these things without staying in the actual hotel, which is what we'll do in the future if we ever return. . . Stay off strip in a place that gives you real bang for your buck, and come here to party if that's what brings you here in the first place. It'll be a little bit harder to get back to your room when you're shmammered, but aren't those the kinds of stories that Las Vegas is all about?
The Luxor is very nice to look at (the wall details, general decor, NOT the carpet!). Making my way to check in was easy, the place is relatively small. Signs are easy to follow. The staff was very friendly at check in, directions to get to the room were very easy to follow. Taking the elevators (inclinators??) was not so very fun or easy, the Luxor elevators could use some updating. They are wobbly and loud. In general they just made me nervous.. . Upon getting into the room and looking around, I was not very impressed. I was able to have a suite for my stay and I have to say the set up is weird. It seems as if there is a design flaw somewhere and the space is not properly utilized. There is a huge tub by the beds, which doesn't bother me but with this being a suite I would of thought it would be a jacuzzi tub. There was also a purple couch as well, which was cool...the random white and black stains were not so cool. Needless to say I didn't use the couch. The bathroom was OK my only real big complaint is the fan didn't work (or maybe it was super quiet) and in the shower there is no ledge so I can easily shave my legs.. In the room there was a refrigerator but the suite did not offer a microwave or a coffee pot. There is internet access however it was not wireless. You have to plug it in to a long yellow cord. . . Going down the casino to play the slots were as expected, the air was no more or less polluted than any other Casino. Easy access to drinks (alcoholic and non) and food. There are 4 bars on the Casino floor and 2 different places in the food court to buy the frozen alcoholic drinks. Upstairs from the casino there is the food court, a couple of restaurants and some of the attractions. Ate at T&T and Rice & Company, I have defiantly had better of the genre of food that is served. However it was good. Be careful when going up to the food court, in the middle there are sales people trying to get you to buy timeshares etc.. Easy access to the Excalibur and Mandalay Bay. . . Overall the stay was nice and it was a good place to try out but I think I will stay elsewhere from now on. Was not overly impressed with what is offered.. . If anything go see the JabbAwocKeez show and the Titanic exhibit..
We redeemed our My Vegas rewards points for the last night of our trip. There was a long line even before check in time began at 3pm, probably due to the long weekend. The line did move quickly and Bryan was very friendly and informative. This hotel is part of MGM enterprises so not sure why we had a $20 plus tax resort fee at this location but not at Mandalay Bay (which also allows people to redeem complimentary rooms), which has much nicer rooms and many more amenities. I mean they don't even have wireless internet in these rooms. There also is not a bathtub for small kids to bathe in. The self parking is a pretty far walk too which makes it difficult for those of us traveling with small kids and luggage. During the long walk we were solicited twice by timeshare sales people. We do own a timeshare so we understand the process of soliciting couples, but why were there 2 different tables between the parking lot and hotel registration? The rooms need major upgrading aside from the tv. There was a very dusty plush soccer ball on top of the closet, my goodness, no wonder we were sneezing! We may be accustomed to the smaller, nicer hotels where the parking lot is right outside and rooms are nicer so it may just be our expectations. Too bad we could not pay for an upgrade to the newer rooms in the West Tower as another reviewer described, but it was a long weekend and I heard veterans were able to stay for free so kudos to them, they deserve it. The 2 stars are just for the employees, even the housekeeping crew greeted us and we did not have to pay for the room, aside from the questionable resort fee. Bryan gave us a room that was on the highest floor available at check in time because we asked for it. We more than likely will not be returning here except to watch the Jabbawockeez. Some questionable people were loudly making racial comments near the elevator-seems like each time we come here there is some type of brawl or altercation going on hmmm, but again, this place probably just is not right for us. To each their own!
No tub and wired internet? Also the gimmick of the pyramid makes for windows that aren't good for looking out.
Front desk staff was nice, but their system is painfully slow. It took over 15 mins just to check-in. Which creates a very slow wait.. . They somehow find it ok to charge $30 for a crib and the linens smell chemically. . . The price is amazing, so I guess you get what you pay for.
Very disappointed. The hotel has a resort fee of $18 plus tax for every night and the pool isn't open. The resort fee only covers a newspaper and phone calls.  But who doesn't have their own phone.
I am very disappointed in Luxor.   No WiFi  in your room.  The lobby looks nice but the rooms in the Pyramid suck.  So if you reserve a room stay in the Tower!  Nice TV in the room, and the elevators in the pyramid- still cool.  One family member stayed in a room and it had a horrible odor.  Housekeeping blamed it on the rain that happened a week ago.  "So let me spray and deodorize your room". We checked the room 2 hours later and smells like deodorizer and the same odor.  Do you think he came back to check or call to see how things are now? NO!  Never coming back.
Lame lame lame, old n musty, stained carpets torn drapes and peeling wallpaper...AND they charge a resort fee for "free Internet".... Come to find out, it's WIRED Internet only....come on, who uses wired Internet,??  It's 2013...
The shops and restaurants are great. I have stayed here in the past and never had any problems but the last time I stayed, my usual jacuzzi suite had a jacuzzi that did not work. They claimed there was a problem with the electrical in the hotel. Of course I went elsewhere. The service has gone down hill and it is such a shame.
Had to change rooms because the room we were assigned when we were checked in by the fat douchebag helping us was terrible. The first room which was in the pyramid felt dirty, musty and moldy when we first walked in. I had an immense allergy attack right away. The bathroom in the room was disgusting. I then went to the front desk afterwards because I couldn't bare it any longer. Thankfully I was changed to a room in the east tower which the rooms there seem to be more updated and nicer. Although the room was nice and my allergies were non existent, I had lost one night of sleep due to a domestic disturbance next to my room. Apparently some guy was beating on his girlfriend. To avoid having a murder scene next to me, I proceeded to call the front desk and ordered them to send security right away to the room. They didn't come for awhile, I had to call twice because the situation seemed to be getting graver. All in all I didn't enjoy my stay and I would advise those of you to consider another hotel to stay in on the strip or perhaps any other hotel outside of the strip. . . The Luxor seems to have resort like qualities on the outside, but inside lies a cockroach motel like atmosphere. Avoid! I worked at the Marriott for 5 years and trust me, it sucks. Avoid the headache.. . Oh and I almost forgot! The buffet sucks big donkey balls!
If I were only rating the staff I would have given it 5 stars. The staff in the casino area here was the best out of all of the hotels. We played craps as first timers and they walked us through it and we really awesome about being patient with us. The downside is that the hotel is away from the strip and you need to take a tram to get to and from. The tram takes a while to get back an forth so you end up waiting around. Also it is a little older but it is very clean.
Every time you look at the Luxor, you can't miss the pyramid, day or night.  It's just really cool and iconic.  When you walk inside the pyramid, you can't help but marvel in the architecture and design of it.  How can you build something like this with rooms on the outside wall, yet keep the cavity empty with shops and a casino?  Amazing.  Then you realize that's it.  Really, that's it.  The casino is small without a lot in it.  The atmosphere is very non-eventful.  Nothing exciting.  Restaurants are limited.  Sure they got Criss Angel, but he alone cannot keep me in this place.  It's boring.  The Mandalay shops are nice but are nothing in comparison to the Caesar Forum or the Venetian Grand Canal Shoppes.  Even though the Mandalay Bay and Excalibur are linked by walkways or tram, neither one of them have much going on except the gambling.  You can get a good rate here, but I'm guessing it's because no one wants to stay here.
The hotel feels old in general. It has this heavy perfume which we didn't care about, but can probably get annoying.. No WIFI, no coffee machine in the room. Not a big deal unless you're traveling with a baby and you're forced to spend $2.50 at Starbucks each time you need a cup of warm milk.. . We didn't purchase early check-in, so we left our luggage at the bell desk. When we came back, we had to wait 15 min for the guy to get our bags out of the room, because he was eating a sandwich. He later explicitly complained about us not tipping him.. . The TV reset its volume every night, and lowering it with the remote just made it jump to max, then go down very slowly. Also it was difficult to find real TV channels among all the hotel's self-advertising crap (which includes messages on the room phone). The beds were comfortable and the room was clean. Nothing special, although the slanted windows and the Egyptian themed furniture were cool.. . Security was extremely annoying about having the baby in the casino. We never had the baby near us while playing, and still we got warned.. . The restaurants at the Luxor have pretty low ratings on Yelp, so we only tried Backstage Deli, which was quite disappointing.. . The monorail seems like it was made to confuse people. It only stops at the Luxor when going north, which means it's faster to walk from the Excalibur and to the Mandalay.. . Good value for the price, but I don't think I'm booking this hotel again.
My stay at Luxor was satisfactory. The concept of this hotel is amazing but this place needs a MAJOR facelift. Granted I stayed in one of the pyramid rooms so my opinion isn't applicable towards any of the tower rooms. This place has so much potential but it just looks run down. Sometimes the elevator felt like a death trap and the buffet is just not that good. The only thing that made this place worthwhile is that the price was cheap and it's located on the strip. Other than that I would really consider looking at other options.
