Have been here twice... It was 8 pm on a Saturday night-the music was loud and almost all of the inside tables were packed so we sat on the patio that had outdoor heaters.  . . We started with the Tortilla a la espanola.  They were lukewarm and sort of bland...Next we had the often touted Stuffed dates-neither one of us found them anything to brag about.  The Manchego mac 'n' cheese was good-but once again, nothing I would find myself craving... My hubby ordered the Filet mignon sliders that come w/Serrano ham, cabrales cheese, caramelized onions. My husband said they were "ok" and  but he did not taste any ham and did not bother to finish.  We also ordered the Firefly fries-they were just ok.  . . The star of the whole night was the bread they brought out first with almond butter.  So delicous! I could have had that all night and maybe given 3 stars!.   . Honestly it just could be that the dishes we ordered weren't the best and I would be willing to give them a try again since there are so many options and so many people rave about the place. The concept is great and it seems like a perfect place to have a large & casual get together.. . I won't write them off yet! : )
It is a good place for drinks and late night snacks but if you are looking for authenticity and food quality you will be let down.  It is fine if you don't really know food.
Yes,  two stars.. I felt compelled to write this review for the fact that it was just a bad experience overall. I eat out, alot. I frequent new and old establishments.. I eat mom and pop all the way to joel robuchon.. I give everyone a fair chance, and probably me being in the industry is not going to help this review at all, however.... . Upon entering Firefly last night, there was no greeter for 4 minutes in a small lobby area that had no one present but myself and my girlfriend.. When the hostess finally sat us, we waited 10 minutes before anyone remotely attended to us. When that person came, it was for bread on the table. Then....the wait, another 10 minutes and still no service,even for drinks.. When my girlfriend spoke up, it was to another server who took our drink order AND our tapas selections. He told us, this was not his section, however..he put the order in and informed us that our "server" would be taking us through the remainder of our meal.. We Thanked him and soon after, our plates arrived, rather quickly I might add.. I must say, I am glad we only ordered 5 plates. Everything was either a fried element or had some sort of fried item in the food. . At best, it was "ok". . . The Thai beef Salad tasted boring. No real essence of Thai at all. The beef almost tasted poached with no char,which could be from the over saturation of dressing. The dressing itself needed something to balance the acidity,perhaps a sweetness [which I am assuming was the purpose of the pickled ginger, is that even really "Thai"]. And the crispy wonton was over exposed and just way to much.. . The empanada ..all I can say is Shame On You! Creme Cheese? Really?. . The duck rolls were constructed as if it were rillette , almost a puree.. If, and I do stress, it was supposed to be that way, I would suggest learning to confit.. . The croquette seemed like fried potato soup with cheese. No real evidence of any ham whatsoever.. . About the only thing really "decent" was the tempura. Sauce was nice and not to overpowering with citrus segments in it. However, the green onions were left to soak in the grease for way to long and almost tasted burnt.. . All the while of eating, I noticed the heavier set man who I am assuming is the FOH manager roaming. He spent most of his time however at a table, picking up a child and speaking to one table and that table alone. Not realizing what his staff is doing.. . Now, back to the lack of service. Our waiter who "should" have been giving us service in the first place finally arrived at plate number 4.. He saw that most of the plates were left un eaten and suggested that he "pack" the food up in a to go box. We declined. He never asked us how our meal was or even why there was an abundance of food left.. You would think someone would get 2 + 2.. . It was also a little strange that when the "original" order taker asked if my girlfriend wanted a refill on her drink and the busboy delivered it, he prepared to take my beer away in replace,yet, my girlfriends glass was empty [ o , did I mention that I never received the option for a beer glass and just received a bottle], then..the bussboy brought another drink to the table after that. Two drinks in a confusing fashion were delivered. At this point, I was at my limit.. . There are smaller points I could make, but I believe I am getting my point across. . Firefly, this is my second visit. I wont be returning for a long long long time, if ever.
Sangria is good, but not the food.  I've been here twice, maybe three times and tried a variety of dishes.  The atmosphere was cool, but maybe I'm not a spanish cuisine person?  My date and friends love this place, so I think you either hate it or love it.
Small plates, yes. Tapas, no.. . OK, so it's the Vegas strip, which makes me apply my sliding scale and give this place 2 stars (in NYC it would get one, or if Yelp allowed it, zero).. . It's crowded, dark, and festive. OK - so far I'm thinking we're starting off right. Then we get the drinks. Way watered down. And expensive. Then came the food. If anyone who does food prep in this restaurant has ever been to Spain, I'd be surprised.. . I'm all for innovation, but only when theresults are worth it. The better tapas were completely forgettable, the rest were actually bad. Seriously. Have the people who give this place a good review ever eaten good food? Or were they too drunk off the (weak) crappy drinks to notice?
For a spot that boasts good food n hip atmosphere their closing hours are a downer. Who closes at midnight in Vegas. Come on man
I think we tried about 7 or 8 dishes and only the ribs and calamari stood out. Bacon wrapped figs didn't do anything for me. Joint is cheap and boisterous if that's what you're looking for.
Friendly staff but concerning the food : VERY disappointed ! . Spanish potatoes : still raw. The tuna tartare : too big cutted pieces. The meatballs : fresh made ? The shrimps tempura : 4 shrimps but the rest wasn't tasteful (our advice : delete it asap). The only thing that was good was the lamb : strong & lovely taste. The drinks : red sangria was ok (made with sprankling water) and the normal mojito was only too strong.. We love Spanish food, but this was not a reference, sorry. I'm sure we will not return.
Food was ok and service was really bad.. . We went there for the Christmas Eve dinner. We made the reservation at 11pm via OpenTable which shows that they have reservation available at 11 or 11:30. However after we arrived the waitress said they will close at 12. We decided to just eat very fast which turned out to be a really bad idea because during the dinner the wait staff were really impatient and rude.. . Most of the food were also not as good as the other yelp reviewers said...although I am not sure if it was because it was the Christmas Eve.
The food is alright and the service is ok. However , I think this place is over rated. . . The lighting is dim, which can be romantic, and the decor is quaint. Firefly has good ambiance and it can be nice place to take a date.. . Just make sure its not on a busy night, because the seating in the dining room is very close together. On a busy Friday night, our set of 3 felt like we were at an awkward dinner party where only small groups were allowed to face each other at a particular time. It was like if we turned our head at any moment we would be part of a different group and/or conversation. .  . . If you dare order a pitcher of Sangria or anything else please say "no ice". I swear I paid $28 for a 2lbs bag of ice in a mug with a splash of Sangria........very disappointing. . . I would not go as far as to say I won't ever eat there again,...... but I will not be the one paying for the meal or for the wild horses it will take to drag me there either!
I was in Vegas for a conference and handsome and I enjoy trying new places that they don't have in LA. We pulled up Yelp and noted all the great reviews for this place and decided to try it out.. . Here's what I thought:. .  - Service was good.  - garlic bread was tough .  - almond butter was ok.  - Bacon wrapped dates not bad, but not great.  - shrimp with garlic was ok.  - ceviche was fare.  - chicken, chorizo and cheese stuffed mushrooms was good until it got cold.  - sardines were average.  - prosciutto and cheese plate was meh.  - wine list was weak and had no dates.  - the lobster "escargot" was TERRIBLE! Glad the server took it off our bill.. . As you can see, we did not particularly enjoy our experience at Firefly. Sorry guys...
Something going on with Yelp review situation and this restaurant.  We got snowed by it.  Don't let it happen to you.  Normally this rating at 1100+ reviews says astonishing awesome.  This place is just...fine.. . We went with 7 ppl and ordereda bunch of tapas.  The menu and descriptions are amazing.  . . First, food was delivered entirely in a span of 5 minutes.  It was like a race from the kitchen.  It was overwhelming, and we felt like it was a race to eat, b/c salads came with hot tapas...all tapas were served on dinner plates so there was very little room to even accommodate the food.  Zero sensitivity from staff in making this work.  Felt like fast food service. Yuck.. . Second, food is average...at best.  Spicy beef salad is one of my favorite dishes.  Beef was overcooked and leathery and the salad had iceberg lettuce with zero flavor, no spice...bizarre actually.  Fries should have been great but were mushy and underdone.  Apple and manchego salad -- a real winner from Jaleo in DC fame--was just that...no zing from garlic or anything acidic to add punch.  There were some winners.  Stuffed eggplant and meatballs were good.  Sauce for beef skewers was good.  . . So, go here if you want a decent dinner.  Do not go here thinking you're getting a great dinner.  Food quality is average at best  Preparation completely uneven.  Service is like a high school cafeteria.. . This will be my last visit.  I was at the LV Strip adjacent location.
I DON'T GET IT!!. . Everyone at my table of 6 found this place absolutely disappointing and unspectacular. 3 of us ordered the following dishes to share:. . 1. Smoked salmon toast- Thinly sliced smoked salmon with dill sour cream and capers. It was a'ight. The taste was nothing noteworthy.. 2. Tuna tartare- Raw, cubed tuna with avocado in sesame oil. This was perhaps my favorite dish, with a great savory flavor.. 3. Stuffed dates- Bacon-wrapped date stuffed with an almond and goat cheese. I commend them for the flavor matching of the sweet fig and the savory bacon. I can appreciate the different textures- soft fig with crunchy almond and creamy goat cheese. The favors were perhaps too bold for me that I could only eat one.. 4. Roasted eggplant cannelloni- The eggplant was mushy, with a thick layer of mushy goat cheese. The textures did not bode well with me. The tastes were unremarkable.. 5. Pulpo asado- Grilled octopus with potatoes. This is actually the best octopus I've tasted, simply because it was not chewy like other dishes I've had before. . 6. Petit filet-  This was a'ight. I think I meant to get the sliders, but instead ordered the filet. I've definitely had better steaks.. 7. Merguez- Lamb sausage was dry and not particularly tasty.. 8. Sparkling sangria- Delicious and bubbly sangria.. . Total price ~$30/ person. . I do admit that my expectations were high upon entering. However, I do believe I've tasted much better tapas before. Firefly did not the mark for me or the rest of my table.
Food was so-so. Not sure what the big deal is with Tapas.
I have been here maybe 3 times. Each time I went I thought, "Maybe I just ordered the wrong dishes. I should try something else next time." Bad idea. I know that the last time I was there was about 2 years ago but it really left a bad taste in my mouth. I have been going to the other Fireflies in Summerlin and that's better than the original.. I have never had to return a dish in my life but this had to go. I order a stuffed mushroom dish that came out cold and under seasoned. The fries were good. I forgot what else I ordered but I would recommend to go to the Summerlin Fireflies for a better experience.
I give this place a 5 star for food, but 1 star for service.. .  We ordered 4 different tapas, as well as alcoholic beverages. The Sparkling Sangria was nice, lots of fresh fruit inside.  The stuffeddates are a must. Tuna Peppers were quite tasty with just the right amount of spice. The fish sticks were delicious with a nice sauce for dipping.  And the Lamb Skewers were also very good, cooked to perfection. . .  However, once the waiter dropped off our food, he never checked in on us again. I expect a waiter to come by within at least 10 minutes of getting your food.  If he had, we would have ended up ordering another order of the stuffed dates, as well as another round or two of drinks.  But instead, 20 minutes after dropping off our food, we had to flag him down just to get our check.  It was not busy inside at all, so there was really no excuse for such crap service.  He had 0 personality, which was surprising considering his very exciting hair. . . But like I said, the food was amazing, but our waiter ruined the whole experience.  I would come back, as long as I don't have him again.
See those 2 stars up there? They serve as a reminder that no matter how good your food is, if the service blows then you've lost me as a customer forever. . . Came here mid-afternoon on a Tuesday, when it was lively but not exactly crowded. . . Our waiter, a diminutive Mexican with a thick accent and leopard mohawk which belied personality, came by to take our drink orders. I went with a traditional mojito and my gf got a sangria. . . Once they were dropped off, he came back to take our food order. We wanted to sample a lot, so I ordered the bacon wrapped dates, tuna peppers, lamb skewers, and fish sticks. . . Man, everything was awesome!. . My mojito was perfectly prepared. The bacon wrapped dates are astoundingly good. They're small, but each one packs a serious flavor punch. Tuna peppers were light & refreshing, with a slight kick. The fish sticks had a tasty sauce accompany them, but otherwise I wasn't overly impressed. But the lamb skewers rocked, and they came with a side of... ah, geez... it was either couscous or quinoa. It was great. . . Everything was so great, in fact, that we were dying to order more. But our waiter was MIA. I scanned the place for him - nada. The few times I did see him, he showcased his learned skills in the art of "how to not make eye contact with customers". After around 10-15 of this shtick, I gave up. . . Finally, I flagged down a busboy and asked for the check. . . Then our waiter magically appears with the check and asks me if I want dessert. . . You're joking, right? I told him no and handed him my card, since I didn't feel like waiting to see when he'd show up to collect my payment. He returned it quickly with a muttered "thank you" that sounded like someone forced him at gunpoint to say it. . . I gave him around a 6% tip, which my dad later told me should've been ZERO. Per his wisdom, a low tip only makes you look cheap, but no tip says "fuck you, you suck". . . Should've gone zero. . . I might return here - the food was so damn good I could make my mouth water just thinking about it, but the shit service had me so hopping mad after we finished that I couldn't wait to jet out of there. . . If you're a manager, tell the mohawked server to grow a personality commensurate with his hairstyle. You lost more of my money because of him, and I've got a sneaking suspicion I'm not the only one.
2 stars for this location, 4 stars for other locations. Fireflies is the best tapas place but service, portion and quality do vary between locations.. Summerlin has the best vibe, great portions, good service, Anthem has great service, decent portions and beautiful view. This Paradise location's service ranks last. Our server did not bother to check on us once, refill a water glass or even come around to bring us the bill. The bacon stuffed dates came out with raw fatty bacon, we had to flag down the server & ask him to please cook them more. He came back with burnt black bacon :/ Fortunately we had a very nice buser that did all the work and helped salvage our experience. The artichoke toasts were on crouton sized toast and hardly any garlic sauce, the tuna tartare taro chips were hard & undercooked. And pasta was drowning in tomato paste. Sad how poor management can ruin a location. I think this location was also featured on one of those restaurant stakeout episodes and didn't do too well. Guess they didn't learn much from that experience.
