Old, run-down, musty, just not much going on at all in the casino. They have a ghetto club called Crown Nightclub that attracts all the wrong kinds of people and if you are of a classier calliber, stay away. The rooms are decent, a little dated but clean and nicely decorated. Off the strip and it just kind of feels like you are stuck at some dated Vegas nightmare and you will probably want to cab it back to the strip after about five minutes of being in there.
On Sat 2/20/11, we caught the shuttle from Harrah to Rio. . . This place is 2 1/2 miles from the "Strip" and 2 1/2 times as smokey. There is only one "Sex-in-the-City" console in there. There are some tiny little shops and stores. A modified food court including a wetzels pretzels. [...lackluster...] yay. It just seemed kind of run down and junky.. . On the upside, I won 2-for-1 drinks at the I-Bar.. . We tried our luck there and did pretty well. I made a purchase at some overpriced store. I ate a wetzel pretzel dog. We hopped the shuttle back to the strip where the ACTION was.. . An utterly unremarkable experience.
I am not rating the casino.. . I am rating the buffet. Why my friends and I stopped by here? NO IDEA. WORST VEGAS DECISION EVER.. . Luckily we had the "buffet of buffets" and could eat here free. Otherwise they wanted 29.95 for it. I have no idea WHO would pay 29.95 for it. . . Just think of your high school cafeteria. That is what this place is like.
My boyfriend and I stayed at the Rio this past weekend.  We chose to stay here in order to save a few bucks.  Typically we like to stay at the Wynn or the Trump Towers.  Anyway we checked into a non-smoking room that had a king size bed.  . . The good news:The view was decent.  It wasn't a strip view but we could see the Palms casino from where we were.  The room was very spacious.  It had a desk area and a living room area with a couch & coffee table.  There was a mini-fridge, the windows were nice and large ( wall to wall), the tv had a swivel pull out shelf, there's 2 sinks in the bathroom area.  One sink is in the vanity area and the other in the actual bathroom.  . . The bad news:  The walls are paper thin! I could hear every conversation happening in either of the neighboring rooms.  The carpet had some fruit punch looking stains.  The drapes didn't completely cover the windows so in the morning when the sun started to come up a sliver of light would shine through, but it was bright enough to wake us up.  The vanity area was nice a spacious, but the tub is TINY!  The door could practically hit the toilette it was so small in there.  It was also out dated.  The bed was also the most uncomfortable bed we've ever slept on.  The springs practically came shooting out of the matress and left marks on our backs.  The pillows were also very uncomfortable.  The check in lines were insanely long.  There were about 4 out of 8 stations with employees checking people in.  We also tried the famous "world buffet" that they have there.  There is a wide selection, but the quality is so-so and you're lucky if the servers remember you exist! It was almost impossible to get a refill on our drinks.  . . Next time we will not skimp or try to save a few bucks.  It's not worth it.
We've stayed at the Rio numerous times of the years and feel that this hotel, which was at one time the only place we would stay in Vegas, is not longer the offering the type of hotel we would willingly stay in. . . Sadly, after being a loyal customer for 10 years, I feel it is time to move on to a hotel that values it's loyal customers, maintains certain basic cleanliness standards, and does not nickle and dime you at every turn.  . . Bye Rio, it was fun while it lasted.
i lose way too money to have a good time here...i know its not the hotels fault, but unless theres a hole in my pocket, i always leave in the red.. . rooms are spacious...not fancy, but it does its job!!! how many hours do u need in bed anywayz while your in vegas????
One word...WHACK!
Rio needs to upgrade itself.  Not worth the price to stay.  Only fast food open is burger king, no other fast food, all other restaurants dont open till 4pm so your pretty much screwed on eating till 4pm unless you want burger king.  . No fans or air conditioning in bathrooms. In room toilet paper located on other side of bathroom.. Offstrip, shuttles to the strip are slow.. Seafood buffet is good but hotel guests should get priority seating. Huge lines.. Cool bar on top, not open until 8pm.
There was cigarette smoke coming out of the ventilation system in my non-smoking room the entire stay.  Gross!  Don't stay here.
First time here at this casino. Out of all the times I've been to Vegas, I've never been here. The casino area is a bit small and pricey. I love to play cards especially paigow. When I play paigow I usually like to enjoy myself and take it slow while the cocktail waitress brings me drinks, but I couldn't do that when the paigow tables cost $15 a hand. Going here with $100 would only last me a few hands. One other thing was that I actually came here to try a new game that they didn't have at other casinos (Asia Poker) $25 hands were just to ridiculous with the bankroll I brought to this casino means that I only have 4 hands to play if I lost every single hand. Yeah the game was new and it was one of the reasons why we went to this casino. So I decided, heck I should just try a few hands (even though I've never even played this game before) maybe I can bring some beginners luck to the table. What do you know I lose the first hand and after that, I had a decision to make either stay for another hand and try to get my money back that I don't completely know the full game about, or try my money some where else. Since I was already sitting at the table I just again said, hell with it I'm going to just stick around and try my luck. After a few more hands I ended up losing $25 at the table and moved onto playing 3 card poker.. . All in all this casino just seemed a bit small, they had a few shops, but nothing to interesting for me to stick around and look in any shops. What I did find interesting though when sitting at the tables was their "male cocktail waiters" pretty weird which left me a bad impression when sitting at a card table and leaving the casino. HHhmmmm.....I'd rather go to another casino off the strip than this one and plus their are others casinos just down the street that I'd prefer than this one. Wish I got to stick around for their light show they had in the casino, but my experience here wasn't that great for me to stick around long enough for the show.
From the crummy, dated, damaged rooms, to the crummy food, to the overpriced EVERYTHING, this place is a 100% PASS.
My MAIN complaint about the Rio is the housekeeping service but did have some other issues.. . YELP could NOT be accessed from my room and was blocked. The man at desk didn't know why Yelp didn't work from my room.. . The drinking glasses had thick brownish goo around the rim and we marched them down to the desk to show the front desk and he gasped and then offered us free Internet to make us happy. (this was the first day and we thought about leaving). . The Bath tub was slippery and greasy with a slow drain.. . Received an almost empty shampoo one day instead of a full one.. . Received a crumbled towel on the corner with a big whole in it.. . Another day had no maid service and called the front desk for towels THAT NEVER CAME!. . The sofa in the room was all sunk in the middle.
This place is totally out-dated. I wouldn't stay here, but the buffets are good so that's why I made my way over here from the strip. . . I'm going to write about my experience with their service.. We bought the Buffet of Buffet passes ($45 for hotel guests and $50 for non buffet guests) and the cashier lady is super mean! She's old and cranky and holds up the line. My trip was so good, but her nasty attitude ruined my day for a good 5 minutes. hahah But really, she was pretty bad though. :( You can read my review for Carnival Buffet about my experience if you're interested. . . Anyways, this hotel charged me twice for our passes. TWICE. It was my boyfriend and me so our passes should have cost 100 bucks. I bought it online and then they charged me again when I came to pick up my wristbands. When I was explaining it to them, they kept saying that they charged me correctly. I'm like, so you're trying to tell me my buffet passes caused me 200 bucks? Why would I pay 200 bucks to eat at a buffet? . . We had our email confirmation and everything. The staff have no communication amongst each other and they get all crazy pissy. . . The only reason I gave them 2 stars is because I enjoyed the food, and they "quickly" refunded me after everything was settled.
OMG, I never stayed in such an old overprice hotel in Vegas before,  well this is it. . . I loved their buffet but they could definitely upgrade their rooms. We went with a group and heard their room was a bit more modern but all the TV's had big backs on them? come on, all that $ and can't even upgrade to flat screens? . . The shower had little to nothing water pressure and I felt like i was showering with drops of water...Will NEVER stay there again.
I stayed at the Rio for almost a week last August while attending the Star Trek convention. This was the first year the convention was held at the Rio after moving from the Hilton. There were pros and cons.. . Pros:. - The suites are definitely large, but our room in the Masquerade Suites either hadn't been renovated, or remained a fixture of the 1970s. CRT TVs and old carpet. This was definitely the most out-dated room I've stayed in in Vegas (compared to the Luxor Towers, MGM, and Hilton.) Despite stepping into the past, the larger room is definitely a plus; it just wasn't what was advertised on the web site (at all.) . - The overall atmosphere of the casino is much more energetic than the Hilton. It has a nice show, shopping, and dining area (towards the Masquerade towers). Two Starbucks and a fair amount of restaurants. . - They offered Zumba classes, which my room mate took part in. They were held outside in the pool area and while I never made it down to the pool, I liked how many pools they had. . - Convention space was HUGE. Sadly, the main hall and vendor's room were spaced pretty far apart (not bad since I don't mind the walk, but I did feel bad for cosplayers in difficult costumes or hells.) . . Cons:. - Of the few casinos I've stayed in in Vegas, the Rio was the only one that made me sick. I'm not sure if it was poor ventilation or old carpet, but despite all casinos allowing smoke, it has never affected me as much as it did in August. I woke up hoarse every morning and had the sniffles every day (not a full blown cold, but similar to an allergy, although I have none.) . - Though there were a variety of restaurants, they're all open varied hours and the food wasn't superb at any of them. I didn't get a chance to try the famous Carnival Buffet (when I did walk by, it was PACKED) but the breakfast buffet was formidable. The seafood buffet restaurant was meh. We ate at the breakfast restaurant several times and it probably had the best food to choose from, but is breakfast only. My room mate sampled the seafood restaurant and wasn't impressed with it either. . - Again, the outdated rooms could have been better.. - Shuttle system wasn't spectacular, either.. . if I'm able to attend the convention again next year, I'd only stay at the Rio again out of convenience (and unreliability of the shuttle). Fortunately they've got that going for them, but I wouldn't stay here for any other reason.
Overall.....not great. First thing we stayed 2 nights and never received maid service.....returned to the room @9:30 PM and no maid. Second the door NEVER locked. NEVER.  We didn't learn of this until the last evening when it didn't matter. The light on the door when you put in your key, didn't light, and I just pushed the handle. When it opened I thought the light was broke.....not the lock. As far as restaurants were concerned......again not great, American Bar and Grill, not bad, expensive, but nothing special. No gambling as the cheapest Black Jack table was $15.00 min.  Too expensive for a Monday evening.
I loved this place 10 years ago but it's slipped a lot since then, I stayed the 1st weekend of December 2011 and the place is looking tired. 1st off what dumb ass closes the pool and hot tub from November through March????? Really??? The snotty desk clerk told me I was welcome to use the hot tub at one of their sister properties on the strip though!!!! F Off!!! The desk staff was horrible, valet is totally understaffed for the volume of business they get so you wait to drop off your car and a LONG time to pick it up. I will say the wait staff as well as the casino staff were very friendly and on the ball. I will go back to Mandalay or Caesars next time.
What is great about the Rio:  The room size and lay out.  The rooms are larger than standard strip rooms, and now the price point makes this place a great value.  It is off strip - but barely (by car or taxi).  There are shuttles run by Caesar's Ent to it's strip properties - so you can save a little on taxi's.  The pool is still great but it now has been upstaged by other properties - MGM, Palms, Hard Rock and Mandalay Bay. . . What is not so great:  The staff attitude and food quality is mediocre.
I'm sure you can do a lot worse in Vegas, but I was a bit disappointed in my stay at the Rio. Maybe my expectations of the Rio are outdated, just like their room decor. Seriously, avoid the Masquerade Towers... at least the 19th floor, unless you're craving extreme nostalgia from the early 90's. Sparsely decorated room, hideous drapes, worn out couch, CRT TV, and a toilet that moves when you sit on it. Totally misrepresented by the pictures on their website. I'll give it its size though, but really the rest of it made me not want to be in the room that much. Plus for having an empty fridge for personal items. Majority table limits were $10 minimum too, even in the mornings. Maybe check out Gold Coast next door if you're looking for cheaper tables. The free shuttle to Bally's or Harrah's is convenient and definitely welcome, considering Rio isn't really walking distance to anything. It runs 10am-1am every 30 min. Also, the Show in the Sky wasn't performing the weekend we were there either. Kind of hard pressed to recommend staying here unless you score an awesome deal or are getting comped.
Friendly, accommodating and fun are 3 words that I would use to describe the Rio. The rooms are big, the staff was welcoming (BIG thanks for letting us check in early!) and I loved the party atmosphere.  Though the Rio is off the strip, they have shuttles that run back and forth from 10 AM - 1 AM.  . . So why only 2 stars?. .  Well, for starters, when we arrived, we were told that since we had pre-paid for our room, they were going to put an $800 hold on our card. We were floored that there would be such a huge hold on the card and asked the receptionist again. Yep, $800 hold!  Yikes! Luckily, we were able to use another card while we were there, but this could have put a huge damper on our trip, for sure. The weird thing was that when we checked out, we were told there was only a $100 hold on the card. We've contacted our bank and are still unsure of the actual amount held.. . Aside from this, much like some of the other reviewers noted, the housekeeping was lacking. The room itself was pretty clean, but the hallways were just gross. They would leave food sitting outside of the rooms for an entire day. There were also dirty band-aids and floss littered about the hall. The outside area of the hotel where the shuttles pick you up smells like a dumpster as well.. . I hope the Rio reads some of these reviews and fixes  these issues. This was my very first time in Vegas and I ended up wishing I had chosen another hotel for my inaugural trip. The staff was so friendly at the Rio and I really wanted to give them a higher rating. I will be watching these reviews to see if they improve.
I remember when the RIO used to ROCK harder than any other hotel casino in town, but this way waaayyyy back in the late 90's.  It's sad to see what was such a grand dame age so poorly.. . Rooms are large but completely outdated without flatscreens.  Carpet, drapes and bathrooms are in desperate need of updating, and I saw many worn out and taped spots on casino floor.  Harrah's bought and paid a fortune for this property and are obviously trying to milk every single cent out of it.  It's sad, and only stayed here on NYE because I waited too long to book at the places I normally stay at like ARIA and the Wynn.  Restaurants weren't great back in the 90's and still aren't very good, although the burger I had at the American Grill was really tasty.  No good looking people stay here and the cheese factor has definitely been turned up with bikini clad chicks singing karaoke on top of the slot machines.. . Definitely wouldn't be coming back here!
Feel mixed about this place.  Can be very fun but the rooms are a gamble.  You never know if its join to be okay or or not.  The worst thing is that I get a sinus infection every time I go... the non smoking rooms even seem like you are in an ash tray.  Or maybe the ventilation just needs cleaning.  It unfortunate since the rest of the place can be tons of fun
The once great World Buffet now has become a thing of our past.  See separate review.  To make matters worse, the fun and frolic associated with the rest of the hotel was nowhere to be found on a MONDAY night.  The overhead ceiling parade of floats, not to mention juggling bartenders and other fun events, were all MIA.  Turns out, they are "dark" on Mondays.  Darn it.  We were hoping to improve upon the failed World Buffet experience and got jipped on that, too.  Rio, methinks we won't be visiting you anytime soon.  Sorry.
This Hotel is old, dingy, and needs to be renovated ASAP!. I felt like I was in Reno , instead of Las Vegas..... The hotel has ok food options, but the rooms were the most disappointing to me. . . PLEASE update your 1990s style ZENITH tube tv to a nice sleek Samsung flat screen!!!!!!!!!!!
Old, dingy, smells like cigarettes. Big rooms... with old, non-LCD TVs for that retro feel! This place needs to be renovated badly. I didn't pay for the stay, so I can't say if the prices justify the overall crappiness of the place. . . The one saving grace is that it houses Penn & Teller. But I'd much rather have stayed in a hotel that has been updated in the last 20 years and take a cab to see Penn & Teller.
Can't complain much since the room was comped, but there are definitely nicer rooms out there. It's also kind of a hassle that it's significantly off the strip. . . Fairly spacious room, long couch, strange window in the shower that allows people to look in from the bedroom. Pretty much your basic amenities. You can also request for an extra bed, in which someone will graciously bring up.
I have stayed at the Rio several times over the past few years. Each time was great, but that all changed with my most recent stay. My review is only for the ROOM, not the buffet, casino, or the casino floor shows.. .  I went there for my birthday, Feb. 1, 2012, and we upgraded our reservation to the Masquerade Suite. Having stayed in the spacious apartment sized room (900 square feet, I think) with 360 degree views, a separate bedroom, huge living room and dining area, two bathrooms, a jacuzzi tub and TVs in the bedroom and living room,  I had high expectations, as our stay in October was wonderful. The room was clean, updated and lovely.. .  Unfortunately, not all Masquerade Suites are created equal. . . First, I should have known anything on the thirteenth floor couldn't be good! I should have asked for another room immediately, however, I was ready to unpack, regroup and  get the party started.  My desire to start celebrating my birthday caused me to overlook the numerous flaws awaiting me as I came back to my room, ready for bed.. . To my dismay, the water took FOREVER to get hot and the shower door was unhinged and wouldn't close AT ALL. I was afraid to try and force it, because it felt like I would pull it off its hinges! Yikes!. . Then, I started noticing more and more issues one wouldn't want to find in the "luxury" suites. Now, I've stayed plenty of times in the regular suites and could overlook alot of this stuff, but when you're trying to upgrade a bit because of a special birthday event, willing to pay the extra bucks, you hope all the amenities will be there for you. This "luxury" suite was a DUMP!. . The carpet was stained and burned (and this was a non-smoking suite)....there was someone else's hotel key card and discarded arm band in between the cushions of the sofa (which leads me to believe the house keeping staff didn't clean and vacuum that sofa, right?)....the duvet on the bed didn't seem clean AT ALL....the mini fridge didn't work....and the twenty year old  CRT tv's were a joke. The remotes didn't work and the picture was awful. PLUS, it smelled pretty musty and the windows were filthy. . . The last Masquerade Suite I stayed in had better TV sets for sure and it was clean and in great repair....not so with this thirteenth floor dump. If I'm paying the big bucks for a fancy suite (fancy for Rio, anyway) I want to feel like I'm experiencing a degree of luxury! This thirteenth floor suite was not luxurious at all, and the hotel shouldn't charge the same for it as they do the nicer Masquerade Suites, because they absolutely do not compare.. . On the plus side, the bed was comfortable and the sheets were crisp and clean. Also, we had plenty of towels and two big closets with lots of hangers. . . Another thing I have observed at the Rio is the utter indifference the staff has if you complain about ANYTHING. When we said there was no hot water they just said to let it run a long time and acted totally annoyed that we dare complain that the shower wouldn't close! FAIL on that for sure.. . It was my birthday, and although I have heard that special celebrations will often garner upgrades, or a bottle of champagne, that has never been my experience at the Rio. I have spent three birthdays with them and no one ever did anything special or say "happy birthday" or ANYTHING! We don't even stay through the weekend because my birthday is always around the Super Bowl and we get out of Vegas at least by Saturday, so it's not a super busy time for the hotel. I'm surprised they didn't offer us a nicer room, because I'm sure they weren't booked.. . Despite being frequent guests, being Total Rewards members, paying for upgraded rooms when we could have had comped rooms, being nice, and tipping generously, Rio hasn't shown us any love lately!. . I will say that if you gamble there, the cocktail servers are attentive and sweet, but despite others saying how sexy the girls and guys are, I find them anything but! They just look like regular folks trying to make  living and I totally respect that!. . Bottom line, DO NOT take the Masquerade Suite on the thirteenth floor! It is not worth the money!!!! If you have comped rooms,go for one of those regular "suites" (I just say they are large rooms) but for something special, go somewhere else!. . I'm going to try Paris or Planet Hollywood next time we go. Rio used to be a favorite, but the rooms aren't what they used to be.
It is expensive because, hey, it's Vegas. But for future reference, pick a hotel on the strip. Or at least a hotel that is kept up on a daily basis. Enough said.
I came here for my bday on 3/3/12. Sucky hotel. I would always go to the casino & buffet. So thought the rooms would be decent. But they sucked, huge crack on the ceiling above the bed that had been quickly patched. OLD freaking furniture & tv. OUTDATED. floss on the floor. Would NOT stay here again. Oh dropped my cell phone and checked back with security no1 seemed to find it. Security staff were assholes as well.. . I do love their buffet though
Old outdated rooms, my shower had luke warm water and I was told by hotel staff there was nothing they could do about it... and suggested I try running my sinks, flushing my toilet over and over and again to get hot water..... . Totally inept check in out staff or system.  I waited in 4 person line for 45 minutes to get a final billing statement.  . . Never coming back here again.
14.95 a day for wi-fi. Give me a break. This hotel is a dumpasaurus rex. Line for the front desk took 40 minutes. Off the strip, but the shuttle at least comes in handy. Just be prepared to wait a while for it to show up(don't forget to tip). The new hotels far exceed the grandeur of the Rio. Although the rooms are "all suite" as they claim, they are all suites that have been transported from the year 1990 to the present. Big tube TVs, ugly couches and plenty of birch and purple in the room to take you back in time. time for an update.
Pros: Great sized rooms, hot showers, nice pool, very informative concierge. Darren!! He is the Bally's shuttledriver! He was the nicest and most awesome person we met on our entire vacation!!. . Cons: Rude and misinformed check in/check out staff, housekeeping never cleaned our room for our entire stay, dirty hallways (the same crumbs and used glasses were on the floor in our hallway for 2 days).. . Would I stay here again? No The rudeness from the employees sets the tone for the entire property.
We got a 59.99 per night suite with a $30/day meal credit deal on a suite from a site like travelzoo or somesuch. . . Here's the experience:. Incompetent concierge tells us on the phone that we can check in early (noonish). Apparently this did not mean actually getting our room but rather some pre-registration nonsense that kept us out until 4 due to their failure to specify.. . The line at check-in was 40 minutes long and only 4 counters were attended. I parked in the garage which is inconveniently far from the hotel rooms, and they refuse to let me use a luggage cart unless I have a bellhop with me. What, are they afraid I am going to steal it? Honestly?. . Our room itself, is actually quite nice. This is somewhat redeeming for them. Except the refrigerator wasn't on and I had to call twice to get someone to fix it. . . 8:00pm on night 1: NOWHERE TO PARK. There is some Italian festival nearby and nobody is attending either garage to make sure actual hotel guests have a place to put their vehicle. After 45 mins of trying, gave up to go pick up friends at airport half an hour early. Disgraceful.. . Called concierge to get answers to some questions just before 9pm on night 1. Got an answering machine...I wouldnt mind waiting on hold until someone was available, but ten bucks says we don't get a call back.. . Horrible sewage smell outside that did not go away.. . The shower literally takes 20 minutes or more before I get even lukewarm water running through it.. . Going into nights 2 and 3 our friend's meal credit was screwed up more than once by the hotel staff. Ours, luckily, worked as intended. . . All in all, our first night there made me want to give this place less than one star. The incompetent, inconsiderate, or just illiterate hotel staff was infuriating and the venue of the WSOP should be classier than this. I should never see a line going out the door to check in  to the hotel on a Tuesday and there are three or more vacant check-in counters that could be getting used. . . The restaurant staff on the other hand was all very friendly, but I will review those places separately. . . Suffice it to say, we will not be returning to the Rio. The experience was very unbecoming for them and for an off-strip casino on weekdays, the table limits were way out of line. Skip this place.
Wah! No more please!. . I honestly don't mind the location, since we have a car. And I had a good impression of the room itself. . . BUT.. . WHY DIDN'T ANYONE TELL ME THAT FAMILIES LIKE TO STAY HERE?! We were placed next to a family with a baby. And I knew that they had at least two children because one was screaming and crying nonstop throughout what felt like most of the night, and the other was just screaming. The walls are not very thick. That family might as well have been in the same room as us because it clearly made no difference. . . On top of that, the beds were not very comfortable (pillows are lumpy), and the sheets  have stains. If you feel icky about that, bring your own pillowcase and maybe some sheets. . . This is overall not a bad place. It's really cheap, and the rooms are big. However, since having a good night's sleep is important to me (even in Vegas), I don't want to stay here again unless I absolutely have to. With earplugs. And my own personal pillowcase. Maybe bring my own pillow.. . If you want an extra roll out bed, it will be $30.. . Remember that saying you get what you pay for? This is one of those places.
I stayed at the Rio not long after its opening...... it was nice back then, and had a flavor of Brasil, accurate to its namesake. But years have past, and styles have changed, and the Brasilian theme has evidently been orphaned by the new owners. . . The best thing about the hotel, for us, was the yogurt shop near the front entrance. Two nights in a row, we paid our $5, and figured our own way to "fill the heck" out of the 12 ounce cups that they provide. Your challenge, if you're up to it, is to fill up the cup with "unlimited frozen yogurt", and whatever toppings you can fit in... best deal in the hotel. . . If it hadn't been for our trade show being based out of the Rio a few months ago, I'd have stayed at one of the Hilton Grand Vacation Resorts in town, or far off the strip in Henderson. The room we had reminded me of my stays in the mid 90's... and considering we're in the first decade of the 2000's... this hotel, with its new ownership, is evidently being milked for all it can give. Eventually, I figure someone will "renovate." . . The capper to our shared opinion was when the shuttle driver and the cabbies we had all shared negative comments about the hotel. We thought we were being snobbish in our opinion that the "class of clients" and the hotel itself, had severely gone downhill. But we didn't have to look far for agreement. For me, this recent stay brought back memories of the Fremont St. hotels in the late 60's... early 70's, long before Steve Wynn "renovated" the Golden Nugget and made it golden. The Rio needs that kind of makeover..... the sooner the better.
For the amount of money that I paid for this hotel, I could have stayed in a 5 star hotel.  I should've used yelp as I always have but I was blinded by the fact they had an all-you-can-eat seafood buffet (which wasn't all that).  It took me about an hour waiting in line to check in. When I get to my room as soon as I open the door the first thing I noticed was the carpet in the threshold (the door to the hallway) was held down with black duct tape.  The deadbolt was broken when I tried to lock it (actually snapped in half).  They room wasn't cleaned well because when I pulled back the nightstand to plug in my cell, there was a stale carton on Burger King fries.  Yup....on a Friday night it took 30 minutes to wait for an elevator from the 27th floor.  Worse hotel I've ever stayed in. I only give the Rio an extra star because the Wifi was free.
Too far off the strip, average price of a cab to the strip is about $15 each way. There's not a lot of places to eat and the buffet closes at 10pm.. Their main attraction is "Thunder from Down Under"....well that fine.....if you're into that!! We're not and those damn pictures of half naked guys everywhere gets irritating.
NOTE:  We did not overnight at the Rio, but spent the evening in the casino and had dinner.. . Overall, the Rio was just OK (2.5 - 3 stars depending on location.)  Our experience:. Bar Areas - 2 stars. * The Irish Pub At The Rio - shuttered closed (none of the staff were aware of this!). * IBAR - loud and obnoxious music and too many videos.. * VooDoo Rooftop Nightclub - should have gone here, but it was too early.. * Masquerade Bar - It was the best of the rest, but seating was limited and table service was non-existent.  So, we opted to get a frozen drink from a stand by the entrance and check out the place.. . Village All Seafood Buffet - 2 stars. It has many rave reviews, but it smelled fishy and was $48/person.  We opted for the main buffet.. . Carnival World Buffet:  . Food - 4 stars. There were many food choices from the very basic to the fairly stylish.  The quality was higher than other buffets I've seen.  And, the food was mostly tasty.. . Experience - 2 stars. For $39/person, it should have been a much better experience.  The wait was ridiculously long.  The seating and "service" were totally absurd.  It was like eating at noisy & crowded food court in a shopping mall.  The host sent us a to table with only 3 seats,  yet there were 4 of us.   I had to walk around the restaurant pleading for an extra seat from other customers.. . Given that The Rio an older property, you'd think they'd have gotten it together by now.   We won't be returning anytime soon.
It may have been a 4-star when it first opened, but that is no more.. Everything about the room was so tired, worn out and dirty. Even the. curtains were badly stained (I don't wanna know). Soooo smoky. The Rio. desperately needs an update of the rooms and ventilation. Also, would be nice to have the pool open later.
Meh, this place is okay, went here for a wsop tournament. It is annoying how you have to take a cab too and from this place. I also saw Penn and Teller here which was awesome, would definitely recommend that. I have heard from a few other poker player that the Rio has huge problems with theft around the wsop
this is the second time i've stayed at the Rio in ten years. We got there on a friday night at about 1am. When we got to the room, the beds were not made, towels on the floor, and drinks from the previous guests were on th bathroom counters. My wife called down to complain and they said they would send up housekeeping, but I thought an entirely different room was more appropriate so we went back to the front desk and requested and got a new room. The problem with a lot of mediocre establishments now is that there is no legitimate effort to make things right. The front desk person really acted as if giving us a dirty room and then changing it was no big deal. I guess this is why I probably will not go back, As I seem to get older I expect good if not great service all of the time. The oh, I'm sorry sir, here ya go kinda attitude really doesn't cut it anymore.
Way off the strip, it's one of the sketchier casinos I walked though.  It was pretty dark and felt dingy. It's not worth it to go to their buffet either.
This review is for the convention / meeting room facilities. And I am NOT IMPRESSED. In many other cities the Rio's convention and meeting room facilities would be considered downright opulent and something a city would be proud to have for hosting events. In Vegas, it's like yawn, been there, done that, it's a little dated and not all that. . . Service: Hustle was the word of the day for our visit from the manager we directly worked with. Got service with a smile too. When a technical difficulty came up their IT staff was on the ball with a quick response. I always love that and give it mad praise when you get that kind of service. . . Food: The food was average. Pretty to look at, slow to get on the table, servers didn't pay attention and were sloppy in getting food on and off the tables and it is insulting to tea to lump their so called offering into the category of tea. Bleech. . . But that's where the positive comments come to a halt. Seriously if you're paying premium money to rent a room for an event and they roll out a cheap projector that is broken to the point they put a 9 volt battery under one corner of it so it would project a level image onto the screen? Seriously? Of all the comps I've ever received in Vegas, a 9 volt battery to fix junk equipment is the worst on the list. (See the picture, you can't make this stuff up.). . If you forget a clicker for your Powerpoint, it's a cool $125 a day rental for something I could have bought for half price had I had the time to grab a cab and run to Fry's to buy one (including the cab fare and cabbie tip). I ended up making changes so it wasn't needed but the price they quoted takes "FLEECING" to a whole other level. . . When I compare the Gold Coast to the Rio in terms of price vs. square footage, quality of the space, quality of the A/V equipment, and yes even the staff, the Gold Coast quite frankly kicks the Rio's ass HARD. Anyone renting space for a meeting and considering the Rio needs to think long and hard about it as most likely they are not receiving the best value for their money. . . 2 Stars, and even the second star is one I'm on the fence about giving. But a placement on my Jackassery list is a must. As yes, I think sticking a braying jackass in place of the Rio's management team would do a better job of handling this place. (Again our one on site rep who I can't name was awesome considering she was working with crappy equipment). Oh and the extra valet we paid for...can someone give those guys some 5 hour energy before letting them loose to retrieve cars? Yeah, not happy. We deserve better. And we'll be getting better.
So glad I only stayed here for a night! This hotel is off the Strip and the crowd is completely different! I stayed here the first night in Vegas and actually felt bored! . . Everyone is a lot older here and just the way this hotel is laid out....is so scary! It goes really deep and the hallways are dark and cold...It just seems creepy like you could have something tragic happen to you. Ok I am probably being too extreme, but still! . . Everything was clean here just older looking. I was so annoyed by the fact that you have to pay like $25 just to use their gym. WTF? What kind of hotel does that. $25 for ONE day? and you would probably even work out for an hour at most.... kinda crazy. . . The only positive about this place is that they have buses that take you to the strip so you don't have to spend extra money on cabs.
Highly disappointed.  After a long day that included travel and working a show I was excited to check in, jump in the shower and climb into bed.  Walked into the room at 7pm and it was a complete mess from the previous guests.  All the beds weren't made including the couch.  No clean towels, trash everywhere. At 7pm, the room should have been made. Had to leave the room for an hour. They charge $3 for in room coffee.  Breakfast cafe wasn't open til 8am.   There are so many better options on the strip.
You really have so many other good options in Las Vegas that are as/more affordable, so I can't justify any reason to stay here. The Rio is one of the more depressing, smokier casinos I've been in; nobody in the place knows how to mix a decent drink; and the rooms are horribly dated. A two-star rating is generous.. . As far as "entertainment" goes, it seems like no decent restaurant can remain open, leaving you with few dining options, and there really isn't a good bar. Yes, there are bars; I said "good" bar. What they do offer is as tired as the rest of the "casino resort." That said, the one thing I felt when I stayed there was tired. Vegas is supposed to energize you and make you excited to be in Vegas, not drain the life out of you. . . Even if you're there for a convention, I'd recommend getting a room somewhere else. Most of the better places to stay are a very short cab ride away. And if you want to actually enjoy your time in Vegas, you're going to need to take a cab somewhere else anyway. My advice would be to stay away from the Rio unless you absolutely have to go here, and then rest assured that you can cab it back to your better hotel when your Rio commitment is over.
If you want to see Chippendales or Penn & Teller, Rio makes sense. It's definitely a cheap alternative but you give up being on the Strip and good restaurants. I would say it's like a Holiday Inn - basic but nothing special. I stayed in a fairly large room with king size bed but the mattress was thin. The sofa and chairs were stained. Room was clean but wasn't kept up all too well. The hotel overall felt dark and dingy. . . It's true that Rio doesn't charge resort fee probably cause it's really not a resort. . . If you want a place where you can crash after hard partying and don't care for in-house amenities, Rio would work.
First impression when we walked in the door...everybody said in unison "What the hell is that smell!" . Smelled like Sh!t. Seriously..  Good thing our friend had room deodorizer in her possession, which we're still wondering why. . The room was large which was expected because all their rooms were suites. It's a lil difficult for me to not be biased from what I've been used to. I'm a regular at the Wynn, Encore and Palazzo but we got this room Comped so we took advantage of it and accepted it as...well.... Comped. The wall decors looked like they've been renovated but most everything else was out dated. The couch, carpet and drapery were typical 90's. The restroom was very basic. Nothing to brag about. There's no luxurious feel whatsoever but then again, it's not the theme. The plumbing for the two sinks need some work. I can hear the gurgling every time one of them is used. Wifi was not complementary and the TV channels were very limited. The outlets were broken. I mean the wall socket plastic cover was shattered revealing the inner walls and the actual socket was loose. When I tried to plug my phone charger to it, it turned off the alarm clock. Yes there's a short. Isn't this a fire hazard? . The beds were comfortable. The linens were clean. Loss my butt off on Blackjack but that has nothing to do with the room. Had a great weekend nonetheless.. . oh forgot... It's a No Smoking floor but the entire freaking hallway was reeking of Cigarette Smoke. WTF? When we opened the door to go out, it's as if somebody was smoking outside and blowing it directly towards our door for us to take a huge whiff of. We even laughed about it. We get Cig smoke going out and Sh!t smell coming in.
Freaky hotel. Needed a cheap hotel for new year weekend and this was it. Bad idea. . . Pro. Easy check in. No resort fee. Easy access to freeway. Nice front desk people. Wetzel pretzel. . Con. Funky smell. Asked for renovated room but got a dilapidated room - eh. Shower head super loud. Dirty coffee maker. The carpet looks gross. Tv is awkwardly positioned ... Blocking the window/view. . Used room for 10 hrs... It was okay....
First night we got there the room was not that much clean. It was obvious that  the cleaning was done hastily and poorly after the previous guest had left. The next day was a little bit better.
The suites here are average, and kind of disappointing.  The room was dark and just felt blah (dull).  I guess that I was expecting a suite like at the Venetian.  Boy, was I wrong.  It was not even close.. . I would not recommend staying here unless there was no charge.  On the positive side, the Carnival World Buffet serves yummy food!
We have stayed here many times since the hotel was new.  It is getting a bit long in the tooth...time for a facelift.  Duct tape on frayed carpet edges reflect some of the deferred maintenance.  TV in the room needs to be replaced, the display was too dark to view.  Caulking in the bathroom needs to be repaired. Room service trays were left in the hallway all day.  Elevators were slow and some not working at all. Interesting shops and clothing stores have been replaced by junk trinket shops.. Sao Paolo cafe service was GREAT!  food was mediocre, cold waffles and toast two days in a row.  Kudos however, to the manager at Sao Paolo, Airrion, for rescuing my Saumsung tablet I left behind accidentally.  Thank you Airrion for putting it safely in a drawer til I retreived it.. . We'll be staying elsewhere on our next visit.  This property really needs a do-over.
Stayed at the Rio for a couple nights during a tradeshow that was being hosted in their convention center. The property has definitely seen its better days - just kind of old and worn down. If you sign up for the Total Rewards card you can get some smokin' rates too - so if you're on a budget that might be handy.. . The rooms are all suites here, which is nice. They're quite spacious and comfortable. Overall, nothing about this place blew me away or made me want to come back. I didn't really see anything in the way of customer service - the staff all just seemed to have blank expressions and didn't really offer up any recommendations unless asked. Again, no biggie, but I just didn't feel like anyone there was very personable.. . As I've mentioned before, I'm usually not too picky when it comes to hotels - if it's clean and there's a comfortable bed, I'm good to go. I suppose the Rio fit the bill. Relatively clean (though the hallways were ALWAYS littered with in-room dining remnants) and my toilet would sometimes make weird gurgling noises. . . Oh and side note on the Rio - Voodoo Steakhouse and Lounge (located at the top of the Rio) are both actually really nice. If you don't stay at this hotel, it's worth it to check out the food and view one night during your trip to Sin City.
Stayed at the Rio because it was fairly cheap and have had a good experience here int he past, but you get what you pay for. Dirty shower, a refrigerator that is not level so it tips every time it is opened and closed causing the cabinet it is in to be worn away at the bottom, beers in the room that taste like they have been there for a long time and food all up and down the hall my room was in from spilled room service trays. Will stay elsewhere from now on.
I may be underselling the Rio a bit, because I'm not a casino person, and only came here for a convention.  To be brutally honest, I'm no fan of Las Vegas, and would not be here by choice.  LV is a dreary place that caters to that pedestrian herd known as Middle America, and the sundry middlebrow tastes and excesses of the same.  Not much fun unless you actually ENJOY surrounding yourself with fat, ill-dressed, drunken Neanderthals who stepped out of an episode of "Jersey Shore", or "Here Comes Honey Boo-Boo".   So I add as a disclaimer that I am mainly comparing this experience to my usual hotel haunts that aren't casinos.. . THE GOOD: Lovely room for the price point.  Spacious and well-appointed, with nice granite-tiled bathroom and a nice deep tub (a real treat for those who prefer to spend their evenings soaking in a nice hot bath with a good book!).  The desk staff is very attentive and pleasant.. . THE BAD: Extremely poor value for money, in my opinion.  The degree to which the Rio 'nickel-and-dimes' you for services that most quality hotels offer complimentary is downright disgraceful, considering the overall profitability of casinos.  Want wi-fi?  Pay up.  Coffee in the room?  They have those 'pod' coffeemakers, but charge you for pods used (I was able to avoid this particular indignity, as the aforementioned very friendly desk clerk upgraded me to a suite where they actually do comp you the coffee).  Want to print out your boarding pass for the flight home?  You have to pay to use the computer ($5 minimum, final fee based on time used)!  Thank goodness Alaska Airlines now sends boarding pass QR codes directly to your smartphone, so bite me, Rio!  How about a late checkout?  Well, normal checkout is 11am (??? In a hotel where you know most guests will be up late carousing?  It is a casino, after all, isn't that what most people at casinos DO?).  They'll push that back to noon if you ask, otherwise -- wait for it -- pay up, sleepyhead!. . The Rio has a number of dining options, but frankly, I was underwhelmed by all the ones I had meals at (All-American Bar & Grill, Sao Paolo, Martorano's).  None were bad, but none were really memorable either, and horridly overpriced for what you were getting.  And beverages are heart-stoppingly spendy, unless you're gambling.  Also, the casino is not 'smoke free'; I'm going to have to use the few dollars I did win at the craps table to dryclean the smell out of my Italian suit!. . One last tip: the hotel has two towers, the 'Ipanema', and the 'Masquerade' tower.  By all means attempt to secure a room in the former unless you are deaf, or don't plan on retiring for the night until after 3am.  The problem is that the 50-some-odd story Masquerade tower has the Voodoo restaurant and lounge on the top.  On a previous visit, I was astonished to find that I was being kept awake by the low-frequency bass vibrations from the club's sound system reverberating through the structure of the building, all the way to my room, which was 20 stories below (did I mention I'm a fairly heavy sleeper?)!!!  Fortunately this time around, I asked for a room in the Ipanema wing that would be 'as silent as an undiscovered tomb', and the wonderful desk staff delivered in spades.  I was able to retire at a sensible hour and sleep through the night until the next morning's convention activities.. . So should you choose this casino over others at it's price point?  I honestly don't know; from reading other Yelpers reviews, I get the feeling that LV is no longer a real travel bargain.
As most people, we were here for a convention, the annual NATCA convention - and it's no wonder it won't be held here again.  This is a very low quality-high priced, dated hotel, despite being bought by Caesars Entertainment.  . . The casino ambiance is on-par with CircusCircus; low slung ceiling with years of cigarette smoke permeating everything, acres of frumpy people glued to video gambling.. . Rio automatically charged us an $18 per-day 'resort fee' for a closed pool and uselessly weak WiFi.. . The hike to the Strip turned out to be a hassle, as Rio's shuttle drops you off at either the rear parking area of Ballys or the back parking garage of Harrahs - & you could wait 20+ minutes on either end of these no-man-lands.. . There's nothing interesting in the Rio's vincinity.  We hiked across glass-strewn abandoned parking lots to the Palms Hotel, for its movie theater --that's about it.. . The mediocre buffet was $30-35 dinner --$17- (kids) $25 for breakfast.. . For this, our Rio room was nearly $200/night.  A low-tiered Marriott.. . Never again.
If you are an intellectual, you will love this place. You can sit it in your hotel room, far away from the Strip, and ponder whether it is a good business decision for the Rio to sell overpriced food at their restaurants. Doesn't that just remind people how far away they are from the cheaper food on the Strip? Should they be using the Madison Square Garden concession model when they don't have the Knicks? Then you can stare at your bathroom door and wonder why an outfit which runs and expensive Mardi Gras sky show can't paint the door and replace the broken door stop. You will have a lot of time to think, because after the Penn and Teller show, there is nothing else to do.
I recently stayed here with family on our long trip in Vegas and I have verymixed feelings about this place. It's easier to write a list of pros and cons than try to explain everything in detail.. . Pros:. +Comfy beds. Seriously, these beds were the best I've ever slept in while in Vegas. I couldn't say anything about the pillows because I brought my own, but they were good to hug as I fell asleep!. . +Large rooms. Four suitcases and 3 people in one room? No problem! The bathroom had a sink on the outside and inside (they had a dressing room area), so we could all get ready for the day without having to wait long.. . +The Buffet is really tasty. Expensive, but worth it at least once.. . +The valet people outside are real gentlemen. There was one named Oscar that was just spectacular and he deserves a raise! They ask if you need directions and try to be as helpful and friendly as possible.. . +The pool! So warm and inviting, I wish I could have swam more this trip. I would love to come back to go to the European-style pool (aka the Topless pool) so I can get a nice tan!. . Cons:. . +FINDING A FECES COVERED WASHCLOTH IN MY BATHROOM. EW. EW. EW!!!!!!. SERIOUSLY.. EW.. . Why would you have room cleaning if they don't do actual cleaning? Our carpet wasn't vacuumed when we first got in and then I found the gem above. Thank goodness that they picked it up and apologized, because seriously. EW.. . -13.95 internet? Really? I work from my computer, so having to pay that cuts into my paycheck. Plus it was super slow and not worth the price.. . -Blackjack was $25.00 minimum MOST of the days I was there...including Monday! WHY? Just because they have a $5 automated machine doesn't mean that you should have such expensive tables. I felt a little cheated because I just had to throw my money at machines to just have fun. Their machines are tight too, no such thing as a loose machine here.. . -Lack of food. No fast food, at least. The rest was pricey, including the cafe that was only open for breakfast. Seriously Rio, you want us to pay `12.00 for 3 pancakes? Unbelievable.. . . As "nice" as it was, I probably won't ever ever stay here again. Visit for fun? Yes....but on someone else's dollar. I'm not rich enough to even really step foot in this place and it's not even on the strip!. . (Oh, and the room was comped most of the time except one night and I have no idea what the price of the room was so I can't talk about their prices.)
I usually stay for a few weeks each trip(multiple times per year) and the Rio has been my go-to second home in Vegas.. I'm disappointed now though, with how they are handling their brand-new mandatory resort fee. I recently called to make my next reservation, and was informed of the extra new fee(about $20 more per night). It's detouring me from coming back since they wouldn't waive it, and it was going to be over $300 more than what I expected for the stay I intended to book.
Essentially, the Rio is the locally branded version of a Motel 6. It's cheap. The rooms are large (lots of empty 80's carpet). If you are looking to save money and sleep with 10 of your best friends from college on the floor, it's a great deal.. . The place is run down: The shower is moldy. The surfaces are either dirty or permanently discolored/roughed up. There are many light bulbs burned out all over the place. Where the elevator button was is now a hole punched in by someone.. . They charge you to check in before 4 PM.. . On the plus side, the gym is included. The gym is part of the spa. You won't find it on the map. Because it's part of the spa, you get the sauna and hot pool for free as well. The gym is bare bones. There are some treadmills and weights.. . Tip: There is a rad Japanese AYCE restaurant near the hotel in a strip mall: Umiya (4.5 stars on yelp).
We ended up upgrading our room to a presidential suite type room which was gorgeous. It was huge with a beautiful panaramic view all the way around the room and the tub was big and spacious. The problem with this hotel is the staff and the horrible customer service. I called downstairs to ask a question and the phone rang for like 20 mins. I hung up and called back two more times still no one ever answered. I eventually had to go all the way downstairs and when I asked why they won't answer the phones I was told they have a policy that if a guest is in front of them they don't answer their phones. Well considering the line is around the damn corner basically they have a no answer phone policy. I told them that policy is crazy and how can you ignore people once they have paid for their room. It's interesting that when you call to book a room they have no problem picking up but the minute they have your money they are done with you. I won't be back to this hotel. They clearly don't care about their guest needs and only assist those who are paying for a room.
Where to start with the Rio Hotel & Casino. Usually my wife and I stay on the strip or Fremont Street but we have a baby on the way so we decided to do this Vegas trip on a bit of a budget ($30.00/night on Kayak.com) .Both of us have been coming to Vegas for over 10 years and have experienced many types of hotels, dining, and entertainment here. . . We arrived right around check-in time. We got lucky in the sense that only about 5 people were in front of us waiting to check in but we still waited almost 30 minutes to get to the front desk despite the fact that there were four or 5 agents checking people in. While we were waiting the line to check in grew to twenty plus waiting to check in and I started to feel glad that we arrived when we did. During check in we were informed that there was a $20,00/night "resort fee". So much for getting the room for 30 bucks a night. If we had not already paid through kayak.com we probably would have went somewhere else for 50 a night. . . The resort fee also included 2 complimentary entries into the gym. The gym is located in the spa so I guess if you go more than twice you have to pay. We were there three days so I used it twice. Also included in the resort fee was internet service. You still have to "pay" a charge of $13.95 when you connect but it gets comp'd when you check out. Of course they don't tell you this so the first time you try to use it you are left wondering how it works and have to call the front desk to ask why you are being charged when the internet is included in the resort fee. Seems it would be much easier to either explain how it works at check in or place an instruction sheet in the room. Either way my wife and I bot have smart phones and rarely need a laptop while traveling so it would be nice to have the option of purchasing the internet or not instead of having it included in a resort fee.. . Our room was located high on the 37th floor which we thought would be great since it is away from the noise of everything. We were sadly mistaken. Turns out the rooftop nightclub is only 5 floors above us. We got in a little after midnight the fist night and could hear bass reverberating throughout the room. We could clearly hear partying going on as well. We called the front desk to ask what time the club closed and were told 2 am. 2 am comes.... the club does not close. It finally stopped around 3:30 am. We complained the next day and were told that the club pretty much shuts down whenever people leave. There were apparently no similar room s to move us into they let us upgrade to a 1600 sq ft suite for an additional $60.00 a night. Our $100.00 original lodging cost on kayak.com has now turned into $300.00 after the cost to upgrade and pay for the resort fee.. . The Rio has lots of pools which is nice and several hot tubs. One of the pools even features and artificial beach which was nice. One thing that really drew us to the Rio was that they featured an adults only (21 and up) pool area with cabanas and reserved round sofa type areas. We were first disappointed to learn that the adults only pool area was closed Tuesday and Wednesday (two of the three days we were there). We went on Thursday planning to rent a cabana for what we figured would be an hourly charge only to find out that they are free but have a $250.00 bar minimum for the cabanas and a $100.00 minimum for the sofas. A little steep I think for the quality of hotel the Rio is. I would have paid 50 for an hour  but you would have to stay all day at the pool to rack up $250 bucks in drinks. We ended up just using the regular lounge chairs which were much nicer that the non-adult side. The adult pool was nice and large and there were two hot tubs as well. One thing I noticed about the Rio is that they are big on go-go dancers. You see them throughout the hotel and we also saw them at the adult pool. Kind of interesting but a little strange as well to have them out at the pool.. . We came and went a lot since we drove and the hotel is just off the strip. One thing that really threw me off this place is that unless you are a seven star member of some sort the valet will not bring your car around when you are getting ready to leave. You must go down to the valet wait in line to give the valet guy your ticket then wait for you car to come around. My wife is 8 months pregnant so we ask the valet and front desk for an exception and they wouldn't budge. I have never stayed at a hotel anywhere that you could not call and have your car brought around when you were leaving.. . Our stay included 2 complimentary breakfast buffets. We used them but the buffet was noting write home about. Needless to say, it was a free breakfast, but If you are paying, go somewhere else. It definitely is not worth the $30.00 bucks or so that they charge regularly.. . Overall, I would only recommend this hotel if you could find no other suitable accommodations for similar price and if you spend most of the time away from the hotel.
Smoker's alley inside an entire hotel. Look who smokes: Men, Women, Old Fogies and Old Ladies. Watch the slot machine aisles, that's where it's worst. It's not impossible to find some good old fashioned sin at this place -- i.e., $10 b.j. tables (that's short for blackjack), frozen chiller alcoholic drinks, dancer cages, the Voodoo Lounge. Hey, about the Voodoo, it was 120 degrees during the day, which means, at night the 51-floor rooftop where I danced til I dropped cools down to about... 105 degrees (I dropped after two minutes, it's like an open oven up there). Hey, my visit was the end of June, so of course it was extra hot & muggy. I think I paid $13 for a drink up there at Voodoo, but I'm unable to recall what it was. Smokey memory, err, foggy memory. The valet is short on employees, it took forever to escape. #likereally
I've been coming here for the last seven years, for the WSOP every July. And it's not the worst place in the world, but it's sad to see this place get cheesier and more rundown every year. There are more shop vacancies every time, restaurants come in and disappear with alarming frequency, the live show previews are scaled back, room maintenance is pretty bad, and they are taking nickel-and-dimey steps to make up for lost revenue. . . This year? Downgraded toilet paper that decomposes when hit with any moisture, a new mandatory $20 "resort fee" for local phone calls, gym access, and WiFi for ONE device per room, additional devices are $14 per day, even though they cost the hotel nothing. I'm not sure what any of these things have to do with a resort. But the most insulting cheapening was the outfitting the rooms with a K-cup coffee brewer, but no complimentary coffee- if you want any, you are supposed to buy a pack of 3 pods for $8 from the convenience bar. This is the first hotel I've ever stayed at that doesn't give you a couple servings of coffee to go with the room coffee maker. Is this a deal breaker? No, it's a petty complaint. But the petty complaints I have been accumulating for this place keep on accruing. It used to be a nice enough place when we started coming here, but it has become shabby and threadbare. . . And I'm not even going into how, for the last three years, they screwed up our reservations by bad communication between desk staff. I'm stuck coming here because of the WSOP, but will be staying elsewhere for any other trips.
My brother got married in vegas and we stayed for one night in the masquerade suite. . . The suite itself was very big, and had plenty of room for the 15 people who came to hang out before going clubbing after the wedding itself. . . Note: None of the ice machines were working during our stay.After the wedding, I needed ice badly, and went to three different floors to find it. Finally, I called the front desk to wait on hold for 10 minutes, before hanging up and calling room service. I explained to the lady that I needed ice as all the machines were broken. She said sure, $5 a bucket.. Are you telling me that you are going to charge me $5 (outrageous for ice) per bucket, when I normally would get this IN ANY OTHER CASINO OR HOTEL --- for free??? You have ice machines, and blatantly know that none of them work.. . Ridiculous. Especially for someone calling from a suite. This is unacceptable. . . The people staying here were extremely ghetto as well. I will never book another room at the Rio again. What a bummer!
i really didn't even want to write a review.. . Pro's: Large rooms.. got lucky at check in. The line was about an hour long. Guest services pulled us and about 5 others out of the back of the line and took us to the VIP check in. Check in took less than 5 minutes after that.. . Con's: almost to many to list. . Smelly. Outside smells like smoke and farts.. Rooms need updating and to be better taken care of.. The check in line was ridiculous. . . . I have stayed here once before. If it hadn't been for a cheap deal on priceline I would have picked somewhere else.. . I most likely won't stay here again.. . ps. I have read the reviews about having no wifi or an extra charge. That's really not accurate. It's free with the resort fee, but you can only use 1 devise per day.
If you're into drink girls wearing lingerie, this could be the place for you. But other than that, it's pretty drab and it's not on the strip, so it's probably one of my least favorite casinos in Vegas.
I would probably not book with Rio ever again. Although they have a lot of slots and decent restaurants the room was outdated and we got charged an additional $20 per person which is a resort fee. I know it's up to luck but dam their machines were tight not even $20. Service was okay nothing outstanding.
This place gets 2 stars instead of 1 star because of the price.  . . Probably one of the cheapest hotels you can stay at (off the strip).  The rooms are huge and have pretty nice views; however everything inside the hotel/room/casino looked like they haven't been replaced since the hotel opened.  Everything seemed old and outdated.  The decor needs a facelift.  The lights in the bathroom didn't turn on, showering in the dark was fun.  Didn't bother calling the front desk because that likely won't accomplish anything.  Front desk reps were rude and didn't really seem to want to help.  . . I'd only go back if I didn't have to pay for a room.
not a good experience.  Employees were great, management sucked at buffet though.  The food was just ok.  The Prime Rib was undercooked to the point of being unappetizing at the buffet.  But the kicker was the Buffet management.  I had an issue and asked a manager a question at the buffet and he looked at me and walked away.  i wont be going back.  unnecessary trip to go there anyway.   can lose just as bad at other more friendly casinos.   This manager was a big wig i guess.  to big to give a crud about me i guess.
My husband and I have been regulars at the Rio for many years. However our last stay on 9/19/13 left much to be desired! We were given room # 512 in the Ipanema tower that was directly above the All American Grill . As soon as we walked in the room smelled like someone had been barbecuing in it . As the evening wore on the smell got stronger and stronger ..    I went downstairs to see if we could be moved to another room due to the awful smell . The check in woman referred me to the manager Christopher Manville who actually brought a security guard out of the back office with him! .    I explained the situation and was told by him that there were no other rooms available without even a sorry or any alternative solution. He then told me I could go to caesars.com to register a complaint . I did that twice but to date have not received a response .
What is happening with the Rio ? Or maybe I should say what happened ?  Am I seeing the death of a big resort first hand?  Is this the sad ending to a once extremely popular hotel ?  . . I will say some good things still exists here. Buffet still rocks (Minor issue, see below)  All American Bar and Grill is still good for Sunday Football. Room was very clean and housekeeping took care of everything to a T. The personnel that worked the front desk, valet, and our waitress were great and I am glad that the Rio has kept up the tradition of good friendly hotel staff. . . It used to be such a nice change of pace staying away from the strip away from the hustle and bustle and you never even had to go to the strip because there was always so much to do here. Look I was a fan and stayed here many many times over the years. The pools were always so much fun, and now later in the year (November and it was 78*) even though the weather is still co operative, pools are closed and one is drained and empty. Shops are now empty, and what shops are open are having 50% off sales and pushy sales people hocking their crap. Escalator has been "roped off" for four days now. No soft serve at the buffet!  WTF!!!  Trash cans have been filled to capacity like they cut back on janitorial staff. The rooms have been advertised as recently renovated. And by that, I mean leave the chipped tile on the bathroom floor but throw a coat of paint on other things.  Free wi fi for only one device per day that you still pay a resort fee for so ultimately it isn't really free. And it's spotty service at best. . . And no more show in the sky ?  Really ?  Has the economy been so bad that they eliminated something that originally put them on the map ?  Sad. I would like to have the old Rio back that was synonymous with A Good Time.  Everyone has a place they stay at in Vegas. And I used to always say, without hesitancy, The Rio.
Unless you're in to hookers and blow (the former is abundant here), stay elsewhere. . We were looking forward to some winter warmth on this vacation, but the pool is closed, as is ALL outdoor access. If you want to enjoy the 80 degree weather and soak up some sun, you may sit on the curb out front or climb atop the parking garage. There are NO chairs/benches to be outdoors anywhere. The gym is $25/day and you have to pay $15/day if you want wifi. . If you want to gamble all day long in the super smokey casino and be hostage indoors, this is your place.
Finally stayed here and wasnt impressed. I thought i liked the bed. It was pretty soft. So pull back the sheets to look at the mattress to see what kind it is what do i see, period stains. I was totally disgusted. I had highier expectations of this place. I checked in on face book and got a free drink at the bar, that was cool. The rooftop club is cool. The hotel room was a good size. But i probably wouldnt stay here again. the room was also far from the parking which i hate. This place is big too, easy to get lost.
The hotel is rather dated, and is far too worn to be pulling the crap they do with all the nickel & dime charges they want to pinch customers for.   . . Called to ask about an check in early and was told there would be a $20 charge.  Really?!  Decided to pass on the early check in and waited till the end of my day to go check in.  . . After being scolded for pulling into the wrong valet lane so I could unload my suitcase and check in (I should have been in the common folk lane, not the super duper multi-star lane), I checked in for a two night stay.  Finally got checked in and headed to my room.  The bathroom area has a nice seated vanity area, but THERE WAS NO MIRROR over it.  Clearly there should have been because you could see the spots on the wall where there used to be adhesive.  Got past that.  Was happy to see that there was a Keurig coffee maker on the counter near the vanity.. . The next morning I got up and went to make a cup of coffee.  Realized there was no coffee nor coffee condiments on the counter.  I called housekeeping and they advised that there IS coffee, but it is part of the honor bar and there is a charge if you use.  Are you kidding me?!  Another "amenity" that they want to nickel-and-dime-you-to-death with.  . . Once ready to head out I decided to leave the "do not disturb" on the door as I didn't feel like securing all my valuables and computer.  Come back after a long day, slip off my shoes and am getting comfortable.  Head into the restroom area and catch a glimpse of myself in the mirror over the vanity.  Wait a minute - there WAS no mirror over the vanity this morning!  Apparently the housekeeping and engineering staff decided to completely disregard my "DO NOT DISTURB" on the door and help themselves to my room, while all my personal belongings, valuables and electronics were out in the open!  I felt violated, unsafe and totally pissed off.  When I called the front desk to complain, they asked if I'd like someone from housekeeping to contact me.  Why?  Why would I want that?!  The customer relations person I spoke to were less than sympathetic nor concerned.   I slept uneasy that night, and vowed I will never step foot into that place again.  I didn't find anything missing but that is besides the point.  They had no right in my room when I asked for privacy.. . And the icing on the cake of the mirror suddenly appearing in my room was that they didn't even bother to clean it after they installed it!  There were smudges and hand prints all over it.  Nice.. . So if you decide to stay here - make sure you lock up your stuff even if you have the "Do Not Disturb" placquard showing.  Because they do not respect your rights or privacy.
Just finished up a stay at the RIO.  Front desk service was terrible. The staff member who checked us in never looked us in the face and in fact never smiled the entire time.   They offered us an upgrade to a better room.   I would have hated to see our original room. The shower head was broken ,  there was duct tape on the carpet to hold it down and the bathroom faucet water smelled of sewage.   When we first checked in there was a room service tray in the hallway outside our room.  When we checked out three days later the tray was still there.    I would not recommend this hotel.
Casinos off the strip really need to step up because they cannot compete with the strip casinos.  Often they need to have cheaper tables, looser machines or some type of novelty to lure people in their casino.  Rio doesn't deliver, as with most off strip casino.  Rooms are large, but dated.  Views of the rooms are boring.  Casino, while large and cheap tables, doesn't seem to have any excitement.  I guess updating with newer slots is not a consideration here.  It's ok, but once you get on the strip, this place is kind of boring and tacky.
