My favorite Max Brenner store is the one in Union Square in New York City, so when I heard that chocolate from the bald man was opened in Las Vegas inside the Forum Shops, I knew I had to make a stop here, just like I did when Serendipity 3 opened. Kind of like my Las Vegas Serendipity experience, I couldn't help but think that both my experiences were better in New York.. . The store inside Caesar's Palace is a smaller low-key store. My friends and I stopped in for some lunch and once again taste that amazing hot chocolate. I ordered the Chubby Smoked Turkey Club that came with waffle fries that were dusted with chili and cocoa powder, my boyfriend ordered the Buffalo Chicken Slider appetizer and Oven Roasted Tomato Pizza, and his friend ordered the Max's Sunday Mood Pasta.. . It might have been that we were starving, but the service seemed to be seriously lagging and there weren't even a lot of people in the restaurant. The food did taste great however, and we ended up getting the hot dark chocolate with marshmallows to go because we were in a hurry to get back to our hotel. But I definitely recommend sitting down and enjoying it from a hug mug.. . I also thought Max Brenner's restaurants to be more of a chocolate experience, and I had never had a meal from Max Brenner and have always gone for chocolate and other desserts. Maybe if we had come just to buy a box of truffles and drink hot chocolate and order a fondue it would have been a lot more enjoying instead of coming in for a quick lunch and taken a hot chocolate to go. Either way, I was a little disappointed with the service here compared to my experience in New York. I may or may not come back to Max Brenner inside the Forum Shops, it would all depend on how much I want their hot chocolate.
Much hype for the chocolate man. Although I'm not a big chocolate person, I figured... I was in Vegas! I'll give it a shot.. . Because I was unwilling to spend too much money for the food, I chose to get 2 small sliders. I don't remember what they were, but they were just generic sliders. Nothing spectacular.. . I tried the waffle smothered in chocolate and chocolate bits and ice cream. Syrup Desserts in DTLA is way, way better. All I tasted was chocolate, but no real flavor. The waffle was... bland and lacking.
Stale waffles. Small, sour strawberries, and the ultimate food crime - chocolate that is too sweet.  Uh, what a disappointment!
Service was really weak ...when a problem arose with our order, the waitress just could not have cared less.. As for the chocolate, it's o.k., but I found this place to be more focused on marketing than the chocolate.
This place has sure changed...and not for the better. they totally re-did the menu and got rid of many yummy things they used to serve.. There are still the desserts but the little sliders are off the menu and those were my favorite!. So I bring my little guy here for a little dinner & chocolate treat. Our server tells me she is also a mom and whatnot. Ok lady..lets get this this started...I am with a 2 year old. I might be crazy but when the server says she is a parent I expect them to understand & TRY to be quick with things.. This girl was not quick..she was very very slow.. Finally when the food arrived his grilled mac & cheese was cold. Thankfully he did not care. She offered to take it back and warm it up but there was no way he was going to go for that. He was hungry.. We finally order the chocolate pizza for dessert after waiting way to long for her to come back and check on us.. The pizza of course takes forever & I am trying to keep my kid from climbing the walls. Once it gets there tho my kiddo is in heaven. He tore into that pizza. He was in heaven. He was dancing in his chair...singing Yum Yum in my belly. It was awesome. And for that they should get 5 stars. But when I factor everything in they are down to 2 stars. Sorry Max..Prob wont be coming back again.
The Food was nothing special and over priced.  Basic sandwiches and stuff...they say the place is known for their desserts, but if you ask me a 75 cent snickers bar would have been just as good.  If you can spend $15 on a dessert on this economy.. Power to you. But don't do it here.. . Service was especially bad too.. . Bottom line, if you're in Vegas, there are literally dozens of better places to eat right around you.
Saw the great reviews for this place and came here for lunch with friends on my last day in Vegas.. . I ordered the Kobe beef burger med-rare. All of our burgers came out and mine looked well done. I tried it first to see if it would still taste ok but it was pretty chewy so I asked to send it back. They were very apologetic but when my replacement burger came out it was pretty much a rush job. Basically now my burger was rare with a thin layer of char on the outside. Half way through my burger I got tired of tasting raw beef. One of my worst burger experiences. I didn't want to send it back again since my friends were done eating by this point. . . My friends stuck with the angus beef and were a lot happier plus theirs was cooked properly. . . For dessert we had the split waffle which wastasty and super sugary (a plus for those who love desserts?!) . . In summary, small place in the forum. I didn't have a good experience with them but my friends liked it. Dessert was good, but considering there are so many places to choose from in Vegas, I probably won't be coming back.
Thought the desserts were just OK, but not for the price we paid.  We were looking forward to this after the Celine Dion concert, and the desserts were actually quite disappointing.. . We ordered the chocolate pizza and the s'mores.  The chocolate pizza just didn't taste very good to us, and the s'mores were tiny.. . There are definitely other places in LV that we'd go to for dessert before we try Max Brenner's again.
I give them 2 stars instead of 1 because the manager (Erica M.) somewhat tried to resolve the problem.  The problem is we had mediocre server and at split bill time she was put out and rude about the whole transaction.  I'll start with we were a group of 7 with separate payments.  I can guarantee that in a convention town, that is a common occurrence.  I am also quite familiar with the Micros POS and simplicity of splitting checks or multiple payments.  GRANTED, its a pain but seeing that the restaurant was 1/4 full, I highly doubt an extra 4 minutes was going to impact the server's overall tip for the shift.  Back to business, the automatic 18% was added to the bill to protect the server from bad tippers on big party...standard and totally fair.  Who protects the customer?  I had a problem with the service so adjusting the tip would have been my resolution.  Not the first time to have bad service on a big party, server is guaranteed their money and they can do what they want.  We had 2 glasses of wine for our whole party, so her average check charge per person was low.  I CLEARLY saw her giving more service to her table with bottles of wine...smart for the server (she raises her per check charge and in turn makes more of her set 18% gratuity) bad for the establishment because an experienced F/B customer gets bad service and writes an honest review.  I admit this is a rant but please see my review distribution, I give way more 4/5 stars then anything.. . Manager resolution, come in again and we'll take care of you...great idea if I lived in Las Vegas.  I addressed my issue with the service, not the food, not the environment but the service.  Make us happy and adjust the 18%, simple psychology would say you can guarantee that server will do it again, she got her money!  . . Beware of the dog paw tattooed server!
I'm only giving this place 3 Stars... They have this great fresh chocolate that they add to coffee if you ask, and my wife loved it! We ordered our food and it was good as well until (this is why it's only 3 stars) I found a inch long hair in my food. And you could tell the food was cooked in it because if the way the food stuck to the hair! I understand that accidents happen. Bit come on that's someone else's DNA in my food! Not a good look!!!. . We got our check and the Manager took of the one meal, but didn't have enough respect to apologize for what happen! Now that was a slap in the face. Changing my Star ratting to a 2. LASTLY looking at the bill.. It wasn't even correct... Stuff on there I didn't even order...
Service staff was a mess. Food presentation was poor. Food quality was poor - B.A.L.T. was soggy and oozing all over.
The only thing that redeems this place enough to give it that extra star was the chocolate dessert I had had on my first visit here. It was simply divine and so my friends and I felt, we HAD to go there the next day. . . When we did go, there were barely any other customers there which seemed to be a good thing to us as we figured that we will be served in no time. WRONG. My friends and I sat there for 30 minutes, trying to flag down anyone that could possibly help us. NO ONE came. In the end, we went up to the bar and asked the bartender if he could take our order. He was very nice and said that he could but he was too scared to because the wait staff might get mad at him so instead he said that he will get someone to take care of us. He was very apologetic and seemed to want to help us especially after we explained to him what happened. He came back after 10 minutes (we waited at the bar) and said that someone would be serving us.. . We went back to the table and went through the whole thing again: waiting, trying to catch someone's attention but alas, it all went for naught as no one came again to help us. After almost 40 minutes of waiting, my friends and I were tired and fed up. We decided to leave but not before informing the hostess about what happened hoping to get something akin to an apology. Instead, my friends and I were greeted with a very snobbish sorry and a "have a nice day". She didn't make any move to try and make it up to us or even offer a sincere act of apology.. . Apparently, it doesn't matter to this restaurant whether people are in it or not. It is such a shame because the dessert is actually good.
~~~This is a Chocolate Love Story~~~~~. . Once upon a time, a bald man name Max Brenner came up with a brilliant idea to develop a restaurant that focus on chocolate and created dozens of deliciously sweet treats that attracted customers to his chocolate haven. . . I got my friends excited to check in out in Vegas last weekend which they were really thrilled about after seeing all the great sweet photos on yelp. When we entered the restaurant, we were immediately taken a back by the sweet and delicious smell of chocolate.. the perfumic smell of the cocoa was just heaven.. thats usually how I feel when I enter a coffee shop like Starbucks or Coffeebean. The smell of chocolate and coffee is blissful!. . FOOD:. . Spicy Chicken & 3 Cheese Pizza- Blackbeans, jalapeno, cilantro, mozzarella, cheddar, and goat cheese. Pizza was really thin but flavor was really not there. No cheesyness to the dish that you normally look for in a pizza. For some reason it reminded me of taco bell's mexican pizza.. just how it looked minus the ground meat and beans you would find at taco bell. I would not order this again. . . Sliced and Diced Steak Pillow Panini- Char grilled and thin skirt steak tossed with diced caramelized onionson a bed of asagio cheese crips, baby spinach, roasted tomatoes, red pepper aioli with a side of waffle fries which is sprinkled with chili and cocoa powder. Waffle fries were good and prob the best part about the dish because it was freshly fried. You didn't really taste the sweetness of the cocoa powder so I think it definitely sounds more interesting then it actually taste. The sliced steak was kind of touch and didn't have much flavor or spice to it. The sauce made the bread soggy (which is a pet peeve of mine) so when I picked it up, the bottom of the bread is all wet and soggy. The panini looked good but there was definitely something lacking in this dish because it was a let down amongst the group.. . Chocolate Hazelnutt Shake- "Drink Me" is labeled on the cup. This ain't as shake.. its more like.. a chocolate hazlenutt.. melted yogurt/ice cream drink because it was SOOOO THICK. you seriously needed to suck on the straw with some force and it will get you full fast if you drink the whole thing before your meal! The shake was also really sweet too.. I passed around my drink around the table and each time someone has a taste of it, they are like "damn.. its thick.. and really sweet." Total let down again and definitely looks better than it taste. . . The Works Chocolate Pizza with Toasted marshmallows, peanut butter, and banana- SWEET SWEET SWEET. Crust was okay.. pretty thick and dry. I would not get this again either. . . Dessert Crepe-  Crepe with banana, a side of choco crisps, and chocolate syrup. Crepe was good, choco syrup on the side would make your crepe too sweet but the texture of the crepe was nice and thin and good. . . Overall, the sweets were toO sweet for me and my friends taste and the savory dish was just "okay".. nothing you want to order again or made a great impression on us. Don't get me wrong, I was a fan of Max Brenner when I went to it in NY and loved the whole concept of it but for some reason it was a let down when I tried it again in Vegas. Just the price of the food and the quality and taste we received at the place just did not match. . . Sorry Max, there isn't a happy ending to this Chocolate Love Story. You do smell good though... =P
We had dinner here for four. Had an artichoke appetizer with pita chips, club sandwich and shared a huge sundae for dessert. The service was awesome; space impressive. But, I have to say that when a gem from NYC gets transported to Vegas, and gets "blown up" into Vegas standards with all the glam, size, "in your face", and over-the-top stuff that makes Vegas what it is, that NYC gem looses something and just isn't the same. . . We were looking to be awed by this chocolate place and weren't. Maybe we should have ordered some chocolate pieces?
Overpriced joint thats geared towards the naive tourists...If you want a good deal though do happy hour at the bar....
I ordered the chocolate pizza for the sheer curiosity of it.  My two stars are really for the pizza itself as thats the only thing i got and from the cashier outside so didn't dine-in. The pizza crust was too thick for my liking and chocolate wasn't enough. It was just ok. Would try something else though.
Horribly slow service.  Waitress with attitude.  So so food that's waaaaay overpriced.
Sometimes schticky places are fun and yummy. Unfortunately for us, this chocolate kingdom proved to be more paradise lost than paradise found.. . We thought this would be the perfect place for DD (turning 9) on her bday, since she's a chocoholic. Everything started out promising, with oodles of chocolate drink selections from which to choose. Both her and her younger bro ordered kids' oreo shake. Not sure they used real oreos, as the flavor was off. Strike one.. . While waiting for food the four of us really wanted water. (We all ordered specialty drinks, but sometimes you need some water to counter the sweet.) Should be simple enough, right? Hmm. Where's our server? Any server? Bueller? Bueller?? Ten minutes later, we finally get someone's attention. (Mind you, the place wasn't tremendously busy.) Strike 2.. . Kids were SUPER excited about the "decorate your own pizza." Menu said it comes as a cheese pizza with lots of toppings with which to decorate. The pizza arrived on a cute wooden board, with a small dish of about 5 cherry tomato halves. Nothing else. Not olives. Or pepper.  Or anything else. Seriously? Just a few tomato halves to "decorate" a kid's pizza. Strike 3.. . On top of that, the food was barely mediocre (think fast food, drive thru quality despite steep sit down prices). The Greek salad was more parsley stalks (yes, stalks) than lettuce, the "feta" was unflavorful, the dressing was off, the olives were small smashed pieces.. . The onion ring batter was pretty good, but the rings were greasy.  And a big no-no in my book: they were ordered as appetizer, but took forever and showed up seconds before main entrees.. . The kids' pizza was a bit greasy, unflavorful and had a soggy crust. (Think Pizza Hut thin crust sitting out too long.). . The club sandwich wasn't bad at all. If you are suckered going into this place, it's a fairly safe bet. . . Want a better bet? When you see the bald chocolatier, keep walking.
Came here on a Sunday around 1pm with 9 people and did not have a good experience.. . The Service ---. Horrible.  It's like our server knew she was getting her 18% either way so she kind of ignored us.  She came quickly with our water.  After about 15 minutes waiting to order, one of the food runners said he would get our server.  I don't think he did.  We finally saw her and flagged her down to order.  That was the second time we saw her.  The third was when our food came after what seemed like forever and the last time was for our check.  There was one point when they were bringing our food out and we had asked one of the food runners for ketchup.  He brought us 3 little dishes of ketchup and then the other side of the table asked our server for ketchup.  She looked over at us and said, "Are you guys going to use all that ketchup?".  Seriously, you can't walk back to the kitchen to get more ketchup?  The restaurant wasn't that crowded so there was no excuse for this service.  Oh and then when we got our change back, she shorted us 64 cents.  When we asked her about it she said she doesn't carry change.  Even if you don't carry change, you don't short people.  It should be the other way around, give them extra.  Yeah, sure, it's only 64 cents but after the experience we had, it was just the icing on top of the cake.. . The Food ---. The food was good.  I got the Max-ican omelette.  It came with Swiss cheese, salsa, black beans, avocado and a side of home fries, a biscuit and a dish of melted chocolate.  The chocolate was bomb, not going to deny that.  The omelette and home fries were also good but not outstanding.  The butter that came with the biscuit tasted like air so the biscuit was pretty dry.. . The Prices --- . I think most of the dishes were somewhere in the neighborhood of $14.. . Definitely am not coming back.  The food did not make up for the service.  If the food had been any worse, I would have given 1 star.
Horrible service.  We had a party of 9 and Brook was our waitress.  We had to ask her to take our order after waiting 15 minutes and it took our food another 30 minutes.  We came around 1:00pm and it was not busy.  The table next to us was seated after us and got their food before us.  Brook spilled water on me and did not apologize.  Food was also dropped on me when they were clearing the table, once again without an apology.  Brook never came to check on us after we ordered our food and we had to ask for our bill.  . . Good food, horrible service. If you get Brook I recommend you ask for someone else or find somewhere else to eat.
Food good but service slow  and aweful. I ordered two desserts both sold out...
I 1st been introduced to Max Brenner in NYC, and it was jammed packed so ended up only getting chocolates to go which were amazing. It was natural for me to try the restaurant itself when I visited Vegas.  We were seated immediately by a courteous hostess.  It took our waiter 10 min to come to the table then he asked if we were helped and when we said no he said he will take care of us.  We asked for Alcohol recommendations and he highly recommended the Brazilian Breeze.  We ordered that along w a Mojito and Mediterranean Trio to start. Few min later he came back and we decided to order bunch of appetizers so we can have dessert. 15 min go by and no drinks, food, or sign of our waiter, so we asked another waiter to locate him. Over 5 min pass when he finally showed up with our drinks.  The Brazilian was the worst by far but didn't complain.  The food finally came out and he kept on disappearing again. About an hour and 40 min experience with zero time waiting for a table and 3 appetizers, 2 drinks, and a dessert we decided to go downstairs and pay the bill since we had it for 10 minutes and he still never came back and mind you the restaurant is almost empty considering it was almost 11 PM.  At the gift shop where I spent almost $80 I asked the employee there if we can pay the bill she kindly declined and said she would locate our waiter who later rushed over with who I assume to be the manager because they thought we took off.  All they cared about was the bill, neither one was listening to us complaining how we had to keep waiting for everything including the check.  I am really disappointed because the food was delicious and the desserts were yummy but why should I go back? To get a lousy service and the assumption that I took off without paying?. **I went on their website and emailed them almost 2 weeks ago, and they never responded.
My first visit to Max Brenner was in NYC and it was an awesome experience. I was happily surprised when I bumped into it in Vegas because I'd been dying to have it again. . . The food did not disappoint. It was delicious and I'm only sorry we couldn't have more.. . And we couldn't have more because the service was just AWFUL. We were there on a weekend night that wasn't even busy, and it took them 15 minutes to get us napkins, another 15 for them to bring us more water (had to ask twice for both), and our dessert never made it to the table. We only had the chance to order one appetizer because our waitress didn't check back on us. Never got to order another round of cocktails either. When we finally decided dinner was over and maybe we still had some patience for the much anticipated dessert, another 20 minutes passed before my friends husband decided to get up to cancel that order and just hand them our credit card to pay for the bill. And then THAT took them another 10 minutes. Manager never came over. . . We thought about going back the next day for our dessert in hopes that the service would be better, but we decided against it. Totally ruined the experience.
Very disappointing for the price. I have had better chocolate. Max Brenner's bio on the menu makes him out to be some huge chocolate fanatic who's dream is to "sail on a river of chocolate." But apparently it isn't a river of gourmet or even good chocolate.
What a disappointment.  We've passed by Max Brenner several times when shopping in the Forum Shops and the restaurant looks very inviting.  We read the great reviews on yelp and finally decided to take the rug rats for a late night bite & dessert.. . If Yelp had separate ratings for service, Max Brenner would get a big ZERO.  Before I begin, I must note that we went on a Monday evening and it was not very busy.. . 1. It took close to 10 minutes after getting seated until somebody came to our table. . 2. Orders came out wrong.  (A salad was ordered half-dressed with dressing on the side but it came out wrong.  Coffee came out cold.  Mojitos came out with very little mint.). 3. We had two young kids (2 & 7) and usually restaurants will bring their drinks in kids cups (or covered cups), but the server didn't have the insight to do that for us.  Perhaps this isn't bad service...but I certainly appreciate servers who can anticipate your specific needs.. 4. Halfway thru dinner...a server drops our check on our table.  Wow...anxious to close the restaurant???. . Now the food was just okay, but that's not the reason to come to Max Brenner.  Pizza was marginally better than frozen.  Salads were a bit soggy.. . The desserts were presented very well and pretty tasty, but not enough to return to this restaurant.  Too bad.
We have had good experiences here before. However on 6/22/13 at about 4:30p.m., we did not!  The service was extremely slow!  it took about 45 minutes to get our dinner.  The waitress apologized a few times saying how busy it was, but it wasn't busy at all!  After the dinner we ordered dessert, but after waiting nearly 30 minutes we finally decided we had to leave!  The manager was very nice. We will try it one more time next month.  If we have such horrible service again, we will never go back. We will let you know how our next experience is.
I came here one night for dinner, and the next day for some desserts since we were too full the night before.. . First the service here is not really that great overall. The first night we came here we were sat and placed our order, the person that delivered the entrees took one of our dishes to the wrong table next to us, then he went away to try to figure out where the food went. He took forever and the people at the other table ended up handing our food to us, and finally our waitress came with the rest of the food. We also ordered an appetizer and that did not come out until after the main dishes were almost gone.. . The second day we came during happy hour and told we had to sit at the bar to get those prices. So we moved to the bar and two bartenders told us they would be right with us, which apparently meant more then 20 minutes, there was very few people in the place at the time too. Finally we got tired of it and went back to our table and skipped the happy hour pricing. I also noticed that two fairly attractive women came to the bar after we went back to our table, they were helped right away and they even finished and left before us. Great to know they value all the customers equally. . . As far as the food, the regular food was average nothing special, not bad and not great. The desserts were actually pretty good, we had a shake and a waffle banana split. I might consider returning just for the dessert, but on the other hand with so many choices in Vegas especially in the way of food why bother coming back to a place with such bad service.
I don't know if it's our bad luck, but Loren F and I keep going to these hyped up places and get let down by the just ok food. . . Max Brenner is located inside the Forum Shops and is known for their dessert menu, but also offers a variety of American fare. We came during happy hour (M-F 3-6 and 9-close.) So maybe that's partially our fault for only trying a fraction of the menu. . . Here's the breakdown of the food:. . Mojito. $6 for happy hour drink inside a casino is a steal. Drank 2 of them since I was thirsty, but then again I never have just one drink during happy hour. Good amount of mint and lime, way too much syrup. I had to try and squeeze out as much lime juice as I could so I wouldn't be drinking diabetes. . . Brenner sliders. Eh. Also $6 for happy hour. Came with 2 mini sliders and about 5 waffle cut fries. Completely underwhelmed by the taste. It's a burger that could be found at a normal place like PTs. Nice presentation though. . . Chocolate chip walnut cookie. Prettymassive cookie. Came with a side of whip cream, strawberries and a mini glass of chocolate syrup (which I wanted to put in my purse BTW.) Cookie was full of chocolate and walnuts, but again nothing that would knock my socks off. I dropped part of it on the floor as I was cutting it and my response to that was "there's goes $4 on the ground." It was only a small piece, but just the concept of dropping such an expensive cookie on the ground just ruffles my feathers. . . All in all, I came for the experience of just trying new places. Don't know if I'll be back, but it was fun. . . Tip: to any tourist reading this, just because you are from out of town does not mean you can act like a jack a$$. Please say excuse me if we accidentally bump into each other while walking and abide by the laws of driving. You still have to stop at a stop sign!!!!!!!!!!!
Yelpers let me down on this one! Poor service and dessert combinationsthat were mediocre. This place was a let down.
