The good:  great smelling toiletries; location (right across from Venetian/Palazzo and the Fashion Show Mall, kitty corner from Wynn; five minute walking distance to Mirage, Caesars); comfortable bed and sheets; easy in and out from parking lot; right off Spring Mountain so Chinatown is a short car ride away.. . The bad:  a grossly overpriced Starbucks in the hotel...  double the normal price for a tall drip coffee?!  And you can't use any Starbucks card there; no coffee maker in the room either; lack of interesting restaurants.. . The UGLY:  $22 per day mandatory resort fee!  It's one of the most expensive fees charged (even more than Venetian's) and includes a bunch of things that not many would take advantage of.  The fees rack up... we stayed 4 nights and when all was said and done, the resort fees were enough to pay for another night's stay!   We otherwise enjoyed our stay at TI but the resort fees left a bad enough taste in our mouths that we would never choose it again.  Try the Harrah's chain of hotels instead, which include Caesar's, Rio, Paris, Planet Hollywood, etc.  They don't nickle and dime their patrons with those BS fees.
Good: Great location, nice bathroom, full length mirrors, very pleasant staff and an awesome view.. . Bad: $22 per day resort fee is nothing more than a scam. For your $22 you get access to the fitness center, wireless internet, 2 for 1 LUNCH( B4 for 4pm) buffet (not good on weekends), local phone calls and a discount on a future stay. Fitness Center is tiny one of four treadmills broken, the 2 for 1 Lunch is set up so there's no way you'll use it. The dinner buffet is expensive and very average. Local calls included...kind of a joke. They only offer it because of cell phones. Who wants to use a hotel phone?. . More Bad: There was a giant green spluge stain on the bed skirt. Would post a pic, but YELP doesn't do that. . . Worse: Only 6 to 5 Blackjack or Continuous Shuffle Machines. No hand shuffled shoes. Players can only be rated if they play more than $15 a hand. So if you usually play $25, but want to sit with the wife at a $10 table no comps for that play.. . Summary: The reserved price of the room was about $90 a night, but with the resort fee and tax it's closer to $125 for that price you can get a much nicer room at a much nicer hotel.
I never like TI much, but now I don't like TI for sure. So we had a bachelorette party over the weekend and everything was booked in advance and I just came along. Right before I arrive, I learned that we got a suite, but only ONE KING SIZE BED. You've got to be kidding me!!?!? Why would they even offer a SUITE with one bed? That's ridiculous and we couldn't get one with Two Beds. So 8 girls crammed into that suite with one bed. We manage to accomodate, but it was horrible. There were two bathrooms which was a good thing, but only one shower and so we all had to take turn with the shower. You can imagine how long it would take to get ready in the morning with 8 girls and one shower. Let's just say 3 hours later we still haven't left the room. . . Back to the hotel. I wanted to gamble and I did. It was dead in the casino. I played Blackjack and I never win no matter what! The dealer always end up with 21 which was ridiculous that I was starting to think the cards were rigged! I go to a lot of casinos and that never happens that 10 hand straight, dealer keeps getting 19, 20, 21. I lost $100 right then and there. BOO! Not a lot of good restaurants either which I will review in a different review.
I personally only liked the free show with the women. I didnt really care for this place.
Not what is used to be, but adequate for a basic stay. Watch out for long lines at the front desk. Called front desk for help with key not working and was put on eternal hold. Went down to find personal help and had to wait in the same check in line we just endured an hour before.  . . Workout room was nice to have, although several machines were out of order. . . The beds were comfortable and the servers at the cafe restaurant were friendly.. . Resort fee of $20 was a bit of a scam considering the pool was closed and the overall condition of the hotel is fair at best. . . 2.5 stars
Just stayed at Treasure Island. While I appreciate the new decor, here's where the hotel fell short. First, the room was dusty, and the bathroom lighting was as strong as candlelight. Very hard to put on make up that does not look like a circus clown in the light of day. The water pressure was non-existent. It took 40 minutes to fill up the bath tub and the shower felt more like I was being spit on. . I don't think I will be a returning guest of this hotel....
Ahh TI, what has happened to you. Turning 21 a few years back. This was the first actuall hotel i stayed at. Best bang for your buck so to speak. That was then. This is now. This hotel had pretty much everything back then. A decent club (tangerine) back then. Social house. Clean rooms. And pretty good gaming if you ask me. At reasonable rates. To top it off it sits right on the strip. Even the pirate show was worth watching.. . Now all of it's gone. Social house, tangerine. Which by the way turned into that gay ed hardy club, which later shut down. Rooms are not very clean. And come on really? gileys salon, give me a break. I last stayed there in late 2010. Which was probably the worst time. They stuck me and a buddy of mine in a smoking room. When we clearly asked for non smoking. They never fixed it. At least it was strip view. Sheets were dirty. Toilet had a hard time flushing. There were dead bugs stuck in the shower lighting fixture. And the water didnt drain properly. also the handle to the faucet kept falling off. The pirate show is a waste of time. But hey it's free. No quality in that. Khotan restaurant which replaced social house, sucks now. . . In all honesty pay the extra 20 or 30 bucks and stay at mirage or Mandalay bay. It's just not the same here anymore. And from the looks of it. Things don't seem to be getting better. Just kinda bothered because this place was great. Now i would rather chance it at flamingo or elsewhere. Also the so called resort fees they tag on to your room bill, are a joke. If your gonna charge me resort fees at least have the place up to par please.
great rooms, great location, subpar service.. . for my last stay i wanted adjoining rooms. when i tried to book online, it didnt have that option, so i called. the woman i spoke to said that the only way i could get adjoining rooms is if one of them was a suite. for about $30 i thought, why not? . . when i arrive at TI i was told there are no longer any adjoining room suites. say what? ... instead of bumping me up or offering me anything else, the check in person just offered me two standard rooms. ... WHAT? ridiculous! after insisting that i really wanted adjoining rooms he left me waiting at the counter for about ten mins while he talked to his manager who released adjoining standard rooms. . . okay, so at this point i am PEEVED. 1. the lady on the phone was mistaken! she INSISTED that i needed to get a suite in order to get an adjoining room.... and yet when i get to the hotel check in guy offers me adjoining standard rooms. grr. 2. check in guy. what is with your attitude?! never really explained what was going on, would just ditch me at the counter for ten mins at a time without any explanation, and just overall, choc full of bad attitude! i had to ask him what was going on before i got an explanation. didnt seem willing to help me out at all! just overall bad attitude. if i wasnt so damn tired with a crying baby in tow, i would have been more wiling to rip a new one and talk to his manager. how is it that someone with such poor attitude would be responsible for welcoming guests?! im surprised all the guests didnt just leave!. . --------------------------------------------. . room review:. - clean modern decor. i loved the cozy comforter. bathroom was clean and well stocked. tv had crappy channels, but i guess who really goes to vegas to watch tv? free wifi - part of the resort fee. . - resort fee was about $25/room. . . . would i come again? if this was JUST based on rooms, id probably give TI 4/5 stars... but coupled with the crappy service i had to bump it down to 2/5. thats right, 2 entire stars. when its a hotel, its all about service!
The good things about this hotel:. .  i.)It's a great location centre strip. ii.) The rooms are comfortable and decorated with modern decor. iii.) Check in and check out service is excellent with a great left luggage check in.  . iv.)Excellent selection of pay per view movies including many that are only out at the cinema at present. $12.99 for a movie just out.. . . TIPS: . 1.) Check in as soon as possible at 11am.  The sooner you check in the higher up your room will be and probably with better views.  We had a view of the strip on the 26th floor which was excellent.  Our friends who checked in an hour or so later were ten floors down with less of a view..  . 2.) If you have pictures to take back (cartoon drawings, photographs etc) you can leave these at the front desk as left luggage after checking out - saves you from carting them around all day.. .  . The not so good things about this hotel:. i.)You will be charged a $23 per day resort charge on arrival on top of your room charge.  A pretty standard charge in LV but dubious non the less.. ii.)The rooms are super small, although they do have two Queen beds (UK double beds). iii.)There are no children's channels on the TV menu. iv.)There are no coffee/tea making facilities in the room. v.)The in room Wifi is not compatible with Apple or Android - i.e Iphones, Ipads and android phones can't be connected to it.  My husband spent a long time on the phone to their support trying to make it work (he is a techy so was super knowledgeable) to no avail.  The Internet support were seriously lacking in knowledge and it turns out that their wifi is just not compatible with these products.  Our friends had laptops and these worked fine with the wifi.. vi.) House keeping is efficient but super slow.  Our son was sick on his bed and it took them over an hour to change the bed for us, which in the middle of the night with two children is a long time.. . . All in all this hotel is okay for single people/couples who just want a decent place to sleep but is terrible for families and we won't be staying there again.
Check-in is very slow. They never heard of express check-out for some reason, so it is slow too. Time costs too much to waste it in lines like this.. . Internet didn't work, because of screw up of the front-desk person who checked us in.. . As many people mentioned mandatory $20 resort fee sucks.. . Breakfast buffet is very good, although it costs $25.. . Location is great, rooms are clean and neat. However I would not call it 4 star hotel.. . I didn't compare with the other Vegas hotels/casinos, all this is probably common, but it doesn't mean thatit has to be like that.
Let me first by saying, I LOVE our room.  We had the tower suite with jacuzzi tub and it was very roomy, nicely decorated (comtemporary), and the bed was very comfortable, hence the two stars purely for the room.  So why the low rating?  Because of their service and obvious operations issues.. . Our flight got in really really late. I even called on the day of our arrival, to tell them to please hold our room because we will be getting in well after midnight.  By the time we got in, it was around 2 AM due to flight delays. The lady checking us in told us "We don't have a tower suite, we'll give you a standard room with walk-in shower, but we can have you change room tomorrow".  . . Wait, what?  Why?. . Her explanation, "We have been checking people in since 11 AM.  We are out of tower suites.". . Wait, what?  How is that my problem?  What's the point of making a reservation if you can't hold our room that we booked (like I am in the car reservation Seinfeld episode)?  Are you going to compensate us for giving us a lesser room because we paid a premium for the suite?. . Her answer, slightly annoyed, "No, but you can get a suite tomorrow."  As if to do us a favor..... . Well, that just wasn't good enough, I asked her to call someone to make it work.. . She picked up the phone, loudly, right in front of us, "These two people are upset because they were guaranteed a tower suite." . . At the end, we got the right room (SURPRISE!! they did have a room that miraculously became available after we complained).  But, fast forward to 5 days later, when we were checking out, we found the rates hiked up $200+.  I had to go back to the front desk and argue about the room rate.  Took me about an hour, working with two front desk clerks and almost missed our flight.. . Finally, when they updated my bill to the right quote, they asked, "did you check in really late?"  . . "Yes, and I called ahead of time to inform you guys that my flight will be coming in after midnight.". . Apparently, their explanation to the messed up rate was that because our check in was so late, that the reservation got canceled.  The lady who checked us in, just booked us a new reservation so we lost the rate. I might add that when we got our room, she had us sign room rate acknowledgement using a very small monitor device showing hardly anything.  We questioned that the rate looked high, her response was, "it includes resort fee and taxes".  That was a total BS.  When I got the itemized bill, those rates didn't include any fees/taxes, hence the added $200+ on total bill.. . Imagine that, a large casino hotel that does not know (1) how to handle guarantee someone with a room reservation, even after the customer called in to confirm, and (2) does not know how to handle late check in when doing business in a city that does not sleep.. . What a mess....
beware.... there is a extra "RESORT FEE" that they will charge you at the check in for $22.40 per night mandatory charge for all. even after paying the so called great deal on line up front with your credit card. so if you think your getting a $75 dollar a night... think again! they made us wait for the room for almost two hours said it is not ready (the staff was not apologetic at all) and the towels smells like a mixture of cigarette smoke . and strong smelling detergent. best description i can do and yes we are not coming back!
This place is ok.... the price is ok and the rooms are decent...its clean and has a decent location on the strip. Nothing really stands out here but then again there is nothing that really lacks.... I do have a grips that they didn't ask about to keep my room open and did it anyhow so there was an additional $100 charge on my card for no reason so, I had to go and find out what it was... for that reason 2 stars instead of 3
Room wasn't that nice, I expected more for a place like the TI, and the price I paid.  First off I reserved a king sized room, non-smoking.  When I checked in they said all the kings were gone and tried to up-sell me to a suite.  After I insisted they honor my reservation they said only smoking rooms were left with kings.  They were not going to budge, so I reluctantly accepted the two double beds room.  Room was very dark, two lamps in a room this size, is not sufficient lighting. Window had duck tape on the fresh air vent.  The walls were paper thin, I could hear the guy next door with his hooker and cocaine party at 1am.  The only thing good about this room, was the bed, it was comfortable and the pillows were firm.
Terrible experience altogether at Treasure Island. I booked through Priceline and paid about $120 for Friday night on Memorial Day weekend which even for the busy weekend I thought was way too much. This place should by no means be rated a 4-star resort. The check in process was insane - approximately 80 people or more waiting in line to check in and only 3 people working the front desk? We checked in at midnight (went to check in around 7:30 p.m. but the line was way longer so we figured we'd wait it out). Even at the midnight check-in, we didn't get to our room until 1:15 a.m.! I had email TI 4-5 days prior requesting a non-smoking room and since it was my birthday, also inquired as to whether they might have any complimentary upgrades (Aria upgraded us the night prior to a cityview suite for me and my husband's anniversary). TI didn't even bother to respond to my request and said there weren't any non-smoking rooms available when we were finally able to check in and so I was stuck with a disgunting stinky cigarette room with dirty carpet, a dresser with peeling paint and one of the bedside lights was out so it was vampire-dark inside the room. The next day the same room service dinner carts were still sitting there upon check-out at 11 a.m. - disgusting. . Awful service, awful experience. These pirates definitely robbed me of $120 plus tax and the ridiculous resort fee (and what about the 2 for 1 buffet tickets people are talking about? Those weren't even offered to us!). Oh, and we switched on the TV and were flipping through channels when what appears but a porno movie - thank goodness we don't have kids! . Award for tackiest place and worst birthday getaway goes to TI hands-down.. The only reason for 2 stars is the location as the Venetian and Mirage are closeby so at least you can escape easily.
I like TI, but I've been to Vegas too many times to know what a good hotel is. TI is a ripe off, they charge you $20/night plus tax for some bullshit amenities "internet, gym, and newspaper" who the fuck uses those things? I came to Vegas to party and gamble! Not stay in my room to go online (and I have my phone for that), and to work out at the gym, it's my vacation, and who the fuck reads the newspaper?! in Vegas?! . . The rooms were clean, bed was comfy, water pressure SUCKS, and the toilet is outdated... it's at the northern part of the strip, it's a long walk to the middle of the strip. Also they have HORRIBLE check in lines, a line of like 100 people and only 2 staff. WTF right?! And the check out line is insane too!?! WTF is that right?! They don't have speedy check out like just calling them from your hotel room. Hella stupid management. I also booked for memorial day week, HORRIBLE rates, i paid $230/a night, what a ripe off right?! DAMN NEVER AGAIN. With that pricing I could stay in Caesars or Bellagio with better amenities!. . next time I would NEVER stay here again. I rather pay some extra bux and stay at Venetian or Palazzo, or pay less and be in the middle of the strip by staying at Flamingo or Harrah's.
The carpet is dirty. They need to remodel the rooms. Everything is outdated. The only reason I book this hotel is convenience. It is walking distance to the mall, Venetian and Walgreens. I got the Southwest Vacation Package.I went there Friday June 17 to Monday June 20, 2011.. I see most of the customers drop off the luggage and gamble at other casinos. Please remodel!
Casino floor smells like Old Spice, 'nuff said. Have not experienced the rooms.
I stay in the MGM properties every time I stay in Vegas which is pretty frequent.  This time I am passing through on a business trip.  I have a flight out of Las Vegas early in the morning so I decided I would rather fork out the money  to have a good night sleep than leave my house super early in the morning and drive the 2 hours from my home to Las Vegas.  Long story short, this review is only in regards to the room and checking in.  Upon arriving on Sunday at 3:40pm I spent a good 20 minutes trying to find a parking space.  I was surprised that there were so many people staying on an uneventful Sunday.  After parking, I walked into the Casino and eventually found my way to the lobby to only be shocked by the crazy long line to check in (I could see this happening on a Friday but on a non-holiday Sunday?).  After approximately 50 minutes I finally made my way to the counter.  The gentleman working the counter was very professional and friendly which made up for the long wait IMO.  I made my way up to my room which was a strip view room on the 22nd floor over looking the pirate ship.  Upon first entering the room I thought "Hey, this is not so bad".  I then started to unwind and relax.  I started to notice little things one after another which really built up into me feeling disgusted with the room.  There are blood stains and other unidentifiable stains on the sheets, the bed wasn't made (the blanket was just thrown on top of the messy untucked sheets underneth), a couple of glasses have food stuck to them, the is a large amount of dust all over all surfaces, the carpet has not been vacuumed, trash on the sofa, and more.  If I wanted an unkept room I would have booked a room at a motel on the north side just past the Stratosphere.  I'm in my room writing this and right now I just want to get my night of sleep and get out of here.  Oh, and the resort fee of $22 plus tax is just astronomical!  The MGM Grande is the only hotel of their properties I have stayed at that I have been satisfied with every stay.  It's sad that the room keeping is such a black eye on this hotel.  If it were not for the uncleanliness I would have rated 4 stars.
this place has gone down hill. came here for a friend's birthday. was ridiculously tired so we just wanted to kick back. nope. didn't happen. first room, stains all over the sheets and pillows. uh gross. called and they transferred us to another room. we found long strands of hair on the bed as well as more stains. called again and they transferred us again. by this time, we were tired, annoyed and extremely groggy. we get to our 3rd room but the cleaners are still cleaning so we sat outside the door waiting patiently. one of my friends befriended the cleaner and she told us that management had cut several people so theres only a limited # of cleaners per 2 floors. um ok. we get to our finally clean room and my friend comes out of the bathroom screaming. guess what? the toilet flooded. did she drop a deuce? no. the toilet was just weak which caused the flooding of not only our bathroom but our room too. had to move yet again. all within 2 hours. eventually, we called & complained and they comped us one night. i would've given TI 1 star but they have free wifi and that's a definite winner.
One thing I hate is being lied to...and Some Pirate at TI definitely lied to me and tricked me with their hidden fees on a "great deal" . . Supposedly the room was going to be $99 per night so plus tax fess etc it came out to about $130 per night ok ok still cool...when we get there and have to check-in little hidden fee of $22.50 resort fee per day ummm so now we are paying for a Pirate show that we can give two fucks about and it turns out the damn hotel is averaging at $150 per night! Ahhhhh hell no if I knew I'd be paying that much for this joint I would've much rather stayed at a hotel where I REALLY wanted to stay and not have stayed there just to get a fake "deal" Fuck em!. . Beside that minor detail...ummm let's see they had a Pho restaurant the pho sucked nothing impressive...they had a 24 hour restaurant...pricey as hell and the food wasn't even impressive for the price.. . The pool was nice...kind of small, dj set-up I didn't think they had enough lawn chairs to lay out but now I'm just trashing them for tricking them. But hey if you ever think you're getting a "deal" from these people be careful because some pirate might be behind all this and it might be a scam #justsaying
Have been waiting in the check-in line for 20 plus minutes. Line is getting longer & service getting slower. Not the best way to welcome people to Vegas.
This hotel was built by Steve Wynn after The Mirage -- and it's still trying to copy the luxury and beauty of that hotel but to no avail.  It's a pretty pedestrian resort with a great location.  It took us forever to check in because there were only two clerks -- and one went on a break!  When we left, there were about 50 people in line for that one clerk.  Our room also overlooked the Sirens pool and the strip.  It's a good thing we aren't early sleepers because when the last show concluded about 11:45, it ends with cannons and loud light and sound effects.  The windows rattled!  This was our first and probably last trip here -- there are so many choices at great prices in Vegas, and this one just doesn't stack up.
This was a very oridnary hotel, nothing especial. It did not match our expectation of a four star hotel in Vegas. We stayed there for one night, then for the same price we got another hotel that was much better.
Overall, I think TI was a good value for the money.  The room was comfortable and updated, the spa service was excellent, I received a 2-for-1 buffet coupon on check-in and the location is incredibly convenient.. . However, the customer service left a lot to be desired, especially compared to similar hotels in Vegas.  For example:. . -The check-in process was ridiculously slow.  There were two desk clerks serving a line of about 13 couples on a Sunday night.. . - On check-in, I was told that the hotel was sold out and I could not be given the king, non-smoking room I'd asked for. I was given a double-queen room with a horrible view, on a low floor.  When I got into the room, it was still dirty - there were stains on both duvet covers, a couple of index cards with pictures of strippers on them, and ripped sheets on one bed.  I called the front desk and was promptly moved to a king, nonsmoking room on a high floor with a strip view.  Where was this room when I checked in?. . - When I called to ask for a shaving kit, I was told that "TI does not offer this service."  Huh?? Holiday Inn offers that service!  As a result, I had to trudge down to the lobby to purchase a 30-cent BIC razor and a teaspoon of shaving cream for $5.95.  After paying a nightly resort fee that exceeds that of all the five-star hotels in Vegas, I was pretty annoyed to be nickle-and-dimed over toiletries.. . - The night before my departure, I called for late checkout, and was told that I had to call in the morning for late checkout.I was checking out on a Wednesday.  I could have told the desk clerk that the hotel would not have been fully booked on a Wednesday.  . . - I had to wait 15 minutes for a casino host to even show up to sort out comps... and then the comps I was given were well below what competitors would have given.. . TI was certainly a great deal, but I do not recommend it for those seeking a high-end, luxurious Vegas experience.
Summary: Lots of small hiccups leading to overall poor form by TI.  I would check elsewhere first if you can, before committing to this hotel.. . ---. . This was my first time at Treasure Island, and was due to a great Groupon deal we received for it, something like $270 for two nights there, a $50 dining credit, and a $50 salon credit.  . . We got in at 11pm on a Friday, and stayed until Sunday.  When we were chatting with the woman working at the front desk, we told her about it being our first time at TI, and how excited we were to check it out.  She gave us two complementary buffet coupons, and charged me for the taxes for the weekend (which weren't included in the groupon) and we were on our way.. . The room was pretty standard, and had the usual amenities.  However, we went to put some of our stuff in the mini-fridge, and inside, there were leftovers still sitting there, presumably from the previous room occupants.  Not the best start.. . The next day, we tried to make our way down to the lobby for lunch, and were stuck because the elevators weren't working.  Whenever we pressed the down button, it would light up for a moment, and then turn off.  After wandering around for a few minutes looking for stairs, we came back to try the elevators again (we were on the 21 floor, and the thought of stairs while hungover was not welcoming), and they finally stopped at the floor.  However, they were on some sort of reset, so we ended up having to go up one floor at a time, to 24, and then one floor at a time back down until we reached the lobby on floor one.. . We then go to find out from the cashier at the Buffet, that the complimentary buffet coupons the front desk lady had given us were only valid from Monday - Friday.  So yeah, without giving us the heads up, she gave us vouchers that were useless, KNOWING that we checked in at 11pm on a Friday.  We finally complained to the manager who was nice enough to sign off on the vouchers, as well as give us a third one because there were three people in our party.. . At dinner at the Pho Vietnamese place at TI, we had to stress that one of our party members can't have MSG, and got conflicting reports from the hostess and the server about whether the food contained MSG or not.  Thankfully, the server went back to check to see which items on the menu were MSG-free.. . At checkout, they of course had forgotten my dining credit, which had to be reapplied, and informed me that they had charged the wrong amount for the room tax when I checked in.  It wasn't much of a price difference, an extra few bucks, but just sort of added to the poor form of the Vegas experience.  . . The casino was fine, and had the usual assortment of games. They offer the usual $10 free slot play for signing up for the TI players card, and have a small assortment of shops, etc.  Most of the staff was very friendly, so they get points back there for sure.  . . I'm a regular to Vegas, and typically stay at Cosmo, or Aria, and have never had these types of problems there.  The issues by themselves weren't a big deal, but after dealing with one detail after another, you get kind of fed up with it, especially at Vegas where the goal is to take care of people so you throw all your money back gambling in their casinos. . . I don't plan on staying at TI again unless another amazing Groupon deal shows up.  Just too many inconsistencies that you won't find at other places.  If you can, try and find another place to stay.
I scoured up and down for a good deal for 8 girls to stay on the strip and this is what I came up with.  I was super annoyed that they could not guarantee us 2 queen beds in the room.  We ended up opting for 2 petite suites so at least we were guaranteed 2 beds and also 2 bathrooms. (best idea ever!)  The room and the non-fold out bed were nice.... but when we were packing up at the end of our trip I moved the couch to get something that fell and found someone else's USED ASTROGLIDE... GROSSSSSSS!!! (so housekeeping might not be the best). . Would I stay here again? If I found a good deal, perhaps.  The Breeze Bar is a mighty fine place to have one.last.drink before you pack it in for the night.
Only thing this place has going for it is Mystere Cirque.  I stayed here about 10 years ago back when it was Treasure Island and not TI.  This place has not been taken care of in the last decade.  That is for sure.  It was one of the most smokey casinos I was in and there was just a gloomy vibe to this place.  See the Cirque and get out, that is what I would do......
Suites not up to Vegas standard I think.. You get what you pay for I guess.
The Pirate Ship is broken.  Pretty typical actually.  Seems like this time it is going to be broken for a while.  My advice, keep walking, plenty of more fun to be had elsewhere on the strip.
This review is for the restaurant inside Ti called Gilley's and not for the hotel as a whole. . . For starters, Gilley's is a BBQ/cowboy/southern themed restaurant. I like BBQ but it was a group decision on coming here and not my own. . . The menu here is huge, there were so many options it was difficult to decide on what to get. I think huge menus are generally a bad thing, because it is difficult to be good at "everything". . . I decided on the veal short rib with mixed vegetables and mac n cheese as my sides. The meal also came with corn bread muffins and possibly some other stuff I don't remember. . . The meals took a little bit to get out but I can let that go as our party was more than 12 people and they probably felt that we wanted to break bread together. Understandable. . . The food itself was not that great. I was reminded of sit down family chain joints such as Applebee's, Chili's, etc. My short rib tasted dry and overcooked. Some of the food was lukewarm (probably from us having to break bread together). I can't speak for anyone else, but one of my friends did comment on his meal being the same afterward.  . . The service on the other hand was awesome. Vegas was dead this time of year, but the staff didn't drop their customer service levels one bit. We were well tended to with drinks, napkins, or whatever kind of bullshit large groups need in restaurants. . . I didn't think the prices were too bad, especially since Vegas charges extra for everything simply for being in Vegas. I had my entree, several drinks for myself, and several drinks for others and the bill was only $73 (excluding tip). I was expecting for it to be over a $100 for sure. . . Overall I think if you're in Ti and don't want anything fancy for dinner with your guy/girl, or friends I think you'd be better off getting Canter's or the buffet than Gilly's.
Checked in and was happy that I was given 2 free buffets with my stay.  I used the free buffet for my wife and I, but I of course had to pay for my 2 kids.  Good thing my wife and I were free cause the buffet was an epic fail.  I also played a few hands with blackjack, and the dealers have zero personality.  I liked the fact that the room started off at $39 for a special I got early, but to add $20 resort fee to each night sucked.  I could of stayed elsewhere for $59 instead, with no resort fee.  Overall, I would say it is an okay stay, but I think I'll look elsewhere next time around.
[ This is a combination review for both the tables and for hotel rooms. ]. . . What an awesome deal for the new year: 50% off almost all rooms for the weekend of 1/6-1/9 and i cant complain especially for the awesome price for two standard connecting rooms. The rooms are clean and neat. Wish they had a bigger TV tho. Suites aren't that big, but big enough for two roll away beds to fit in there. I enjoyed the two standard connecting rooms though. . . Housekeeping here are really nice and friendly. Front desk check in took a while due to complications w/ the computers but the lady Connie was real nice, shes AWESOME.. . Besides that, no windows for fresh air = weak. Shower is weak, i need some stronger water pressure up in there. Their irons suck, leaked water all over my clothes when I try to iron.. . Lastly, the black jack tables. Whoever the asian male manager is down there, that fool is a trip. The dealer already checked my friends' ID's and my ID too, then this fool comes over and asks if the dealer checked our ID's and she said YES. No shets sherlock. Then this oompa loompa went ahead and asked us if we were even 21. REALLY? we already got carded and you still trippin about it? damn idiot. A few of the girls may look young, but we're all at least 22. With crappy luck at the table, my boy Brian head over to the next table and played one on one with the dealer, and this trip of a manager, started speaking vietnamese (no racial) to the dealer for a good two minutes on and off about something. Obviously I dont understand, but it felt like they were talking smack about something. Then he goes ahead and stood behind the dealer and watched us play as if we were going to pull some illegal crap in vegas.... . Thanks bro, If I see you again I'm gonna get you fired
This is where the Beverly Hillbillies stay if they were staying on the strip in Vegas.  . . We came for NYE and they were completely understaffed and were not accommodating to their customers at all!  When I made my reservation I was supposed to get a $50 hotel credit, which they refused to give me because of "blackout dates."  There were absolutely no blackout dates or fine print stating I wouldn't get the $50 on my reservations so I didn't understand why they couldn't accommodate me.  They were total jerks about it. . .  It also took 6 hours and 4 calls to housekeeping to get towels.  The towels showed up at 3 am when we were sleeping.  Seriously?  A lot of the people staying in the hotel brought their annoying children, very low class people staying in this hotel.  . . I wish we would have paid $20 bucks more a night and stayed at Mandalay Bay or any of the nicer hotels.
This wasn't my first pick for a Vegas hotel, but I was in town for a conference and the price was right at TI ($500 for 5 nights). Checked in at around 7:30pm and waited over 45 minutes in the smoky lobby. When I asked for directions to the hotel my conference was located at the staff was less than helpful. . . When I finally made it up to my room I was pleasantly surprised. The furnishings looked quite modern and nice, and I got the king sized room I requested. Upon closer inspection the room left a LOT to be desired. On the first night I discovered a crusty stain on the sheets, which obviously had not been changed. After requesting for a bed linen change, the new linens had several dark stains on them. Gross! Towels were always "crunchy" - in definite need of replacement. Floors had obviously not been vacuumed in awhile and there were also suspicious white stains on the wallpaper. . . Hotel restaurants did not look appetizing. I went for happy hour at the TI's highly rated "Isla" restaurant, and while the drink was delicious their food was sub-par (they use liquid cheese on their nachos). Most of the time I ended up taking the tram to the Mirage next door for decent eats. . . Overall, the bargain price could not compensate for the lack of cleanliness. Next time I will definitely stay elsewhere.
The most uncomfortable bed at any hotel I have stayed at. I used a groupon and still felt like I paid too much. Definitely, felt like a bait and switch with the groupon. They promised $50 dining credit, but gave lousy buy one get one half of coupons. Don't be fooled by the Deluxe rooms, those are just the names used for there normal rooms available. . Super smokey casino, they need better air circulation in there.. Just bad. I probably wouldn't of wrote anything if they didn't mess with my. dining credit. You mess with my food, I'll pin you to the wall.
I have been to Vegas many, many times. I have stayed in a variety of hotels on and near the strip and I will NEVER stay at Treasure Island again because of how terrible the customer service is. This is really unfortunate because the suite we stayed in was absolutely amazing and the buffet was to die for!. . The only reason I even gave two stars was because of the rooms and buffet. Our suite was very spacious and had two bathrooms (great for 5 girls) and had a fancy double door entrance. The buffet was fantastic, all the food was great especially their desserts (which serves fresh spun cotton candy by the way). Our server Park was wonderful and made our experience fantastic.. . My complaints begin with the Check-in Counter and end with the Check-out Counter. We spent $700 on this suite for the weekend. The Black woman with short black hair who checked us in was horrible. I didn't catch her name, but a description is better then nothing. She didn't greet us or say anything such as "Welcome to Treasure Island, How can I help you today"? She went through the motions, never smiling and even rolled her eyes at me when I asked my friend about the deposit we needed to put down. She handed us our room keys then hardly told us where the elevator was at then just stared at us. She did not thank us or asked if there was anything else she could do for us, just stared. WOW...first glimpse of the hotel and this is the way you are treated...not good.. . Later that evening we needed to get a few items out of our car in Valet. We walked up to the counter...again weren't greeted and I asked them what we needed to do in order to get the items out. They said they would just bring the car up...great, sounds good. WELL we waited for 40 minutes to get our car. Three people came up after us and got their car before we did. So I go up and ask What's going on because we have been waiting and three others got their car before us. He assures me that it's coming and that he has no way to communicate with the people getting the cars. I say OK. Another person comes along and gets their car so at this point I am pissed. I ask to speak to a manager. They don't get one, but instead start figuring out what was taking so long. They can't even find my keys! Why? Because they never parked my car in a real spot. It was pulled up along the side behind other cars so it wasn't visible. His excuse was we have been busy then hands me the keys. I understand that your job gets busy, but no apology just a lame excuse?? NO BUENO. . So the next day we head down to the buffet and our group of 4 are the only ones in line. I walk up to pay for mine with the one attendant and the other gal calls to my friends "Next". Well the other 2 girls in our party were sorting out their cash and didn't hear so the attendant gets frustrated and yells out "HHEEELLLOOOOO!!" At this point I am floored. Who does that? Long story short we complain to the manager who was nice enough, but didn't really solve the issue at hand.. . And finally the check out. Now I don't have much to say here as the gal helping us out was not rude, but certainly not friendly. She never smiled, never thanked us for our stay there, never said good-bye or wished us a safe trip home. I just hope that maybe a management person will read this and maybe reconsider the way they train their employees. Customer service is so damn critical and unfortunately TI failed miserably.
I've stayed in virtually every hotel/casino on the strip and now I understand why the rooms were so cheap at TI.  The entire place smelled terrible, and their employees were unpleasant, disinterested and abrupt not to mention difficult to find when you needed assistance.  The casino has less action than an 85 year old man with erectile dysfunction.  Perhaps the only bright spot in my 4 day visit was my mani/pedi in the spa.  The lady there was a total delight.  . . I won't spend another dime at TI.
After buying my Cirque du Soleil tickets from Tickets4Less, I rushed over here to pick my seats. DAMN it's a far walk from central Vegas to here. This is another one of those older hotels, which I wouldn't care to enter or even stay at. However, they have 2 things going fo them. The Cirque show and the Pirate show.
i came to see the ti show. and now i can say i saw it.
OK, does TI think they're a luxury hotel or something? Why do they think they can charge almost double what Mandalay Bay charges? . . First off, they claim their rooms are renovated, but it still looks old to me. Also, we booked a double bed room for 2 nights, but instead we got 1 bed. You would think they would at least upgrade us for errors like that, but NOPE! Instead, they comp'ed us a tiny old cot. YAY! . . Also, their new pirate show is super gross. I enjoyed the old one - now, it's promiscuity at its worst.
It's a good deal. I have stayed there twice. I was disappointed with their pool side service - over memorial weekend they only had two bartenders and lines were extraordinary long to get a drink. Poolside waitresses were very friendly but it appeared that they were getting paid to socialize instead of wait on guests which I found odd. It seemed like the pool scene needed more management on hand to make sure people were indeed getting  the service we were paying for with the resort fee. Needs improvement on it's customer service but nighly rate is indeed a good deal.
Expensive for a third rate casino. Even the nonsmoking rooms smelled like cigarette smoke. They got our reservation wrong, first they placed us in a room with 2 queen beds (paid 4 king suite), told us we they were sold out, but promised we could move the following night. The next night we were placed in a standard king not the suite. Both rooms smelled like smoke even though we requested nonsmoking rooms. We were never compensated for the mishandling of our reservations. Next time, well there will be no next time for this place.
Stayed here 3 nights mid-May 2012. Booked a "special" on a Tower "Suite" for a average of $150+ per night. The "suite" was in reality a large room, 1 room, not a suite at all although there were 2 full bathrooms. The room was very old, tired and dated. My view was an overlook of the casino roof.. . Room service was decent but pricey. Sausage and eggs with coffee and service charged $32.00. Coffee shop was mediocre, very slow and indifferent service, average food. The Pho "authentic" Vietnamese restaurant was nowhere near authentic.. . Booked a ticket to the Mystere Cirque du Soleil show. Called from my room and inquired if there were any discounts available for hotel guests, nope, full price.. . I was advised to pick up my ticket at 8:30pm for the 9:30pm show. Arrived at 8:15pm and waited in line for 45 minutes to pick up the ticket, one guy working behind the counter, LONG line of show-goers. Picked up the ticket and stepped into the Ben & Jerry's store around the corner for an ice cream, figured 30 minutes was PLENTY of time for that. Again, one overworked employee behind the counter with another long line, barely made the show. The show was VERY good and it's the only thing at this establishment that I would recommend.
Recently attempted to book at stay at "TI" for five days. What follows is a story of ineptitude and indifference. We ended up cancelling and making reservations elsewhere.. . I have been to TI before although I have never stayed there. After pouring over tons of reviews, websites, pictures, youtube videos and Vegas travel sites we settled on booking the Executive Suite at TI. We found a great deal for around $120 a night, the room looked pretty cool online, loved the foyer/two bathrooms and felt that staying at a mid range hotel better suited us than one of the really fancy joints (stayed at Cosmo last trip).. . I originally booked a three night stay and all was well. The troubles began when we decided that five nights might be a little more enjoyable.. . We called up to update the reservation since you cant book the Executive Suite online. They allowed us to use the same code and the price was fair. They said they would send us an updated confirmation. They sent it, but it wasnt updated. It was still for the original three nights. Lovely.. . I called and asked for them to please send an UPDATED confirmation later that evening. They assured me that my reservation was updated and they would send it.. It never arrived.. . I called the next day (third time now). They said that sometimes the email could take twenty four hours to arrive. I have never had it take that long to send an email. Regardless, I told them it had already been twenty four hours and that both of my prior confirmations had arrived instantly. They said they would send it again. Never got it.. . Called again the next day. At this point I was still being really nice about it and wasnt upset yet. The gentleman told me he would send the confirmation and that it would arrive within twenty minutes? So now an email takes twenty minutes? Again I did not receive an email. This wouldnt have been that big of  a deal but my first updated confirmation was wrong and at this point it was just plain incompetence.. . Called a FIFTH TIME the next day and asked for a manager. He gave me several excuses about their email being down etc. Nobody had told me that before. He said he would send and I told him if I didnt get it within 20 minutes I was cancelling. I ended up getting it about 45 minutes later with one of the most poorly written apology letters I have ever seen. Misspelled words, no punctuation, etc. Seriously? What a bunch of monkeys. . . I cancelled and booked elsewhere. If they handled such a simple situation as this so poorly I can only imagine the situation had there been a problem with my room or something actually important or even remotely challenging.
We booked our room at Treasure Island over two months in advance and upon checking in on Friday, we had no reservation on the books. I contacted hotels.com (where we booked the res) to find out that everything was all set on their end, and despite a written confirmation that we had paid in full and had a reservation, the staff at Treasure Island was completely unconcerned with my issue and offered no solutions at all. Their attitude towards the whole situation was appauling, and after talking with three staff members, I finally was put in touch with a semi-helpful woman who at least offered to see what other rooms they had avaialble for the evening. . . After an hour of this ridiculousness (expecially frustrating after a long travel day), they miraculously found our reservation and I was sent upstairs. . . The rooms were wonderful and the amenities at the hotel were great. I enjoyed the entire time I was at Treasure Island with the exception of any time I had to interact with they completely unhelpful staff. . . Additionally, we requested a late check-out (by 2 hours, not exessive) and they could not have been more rude about the request before denying it. I kindly reminded them of my check-in experience; however, this tactic proved unsuccessful as well. . . The incredibly enjoyable weekend I had in LV had everything to do with the people I was with, and nothing to do with the hotel I chose to stay in. We certainly won't be returning.
Tolerable.  decently priced for spacious rooms.  Check-in was okay....we got in on a wednesday..... seeing the check-in line on saturday was crazy by comparison!. . the bathroom was poorly lit.  the makeup mirror kinda helped.  the vents in the room were HORRIBLY FILTHY!!!  as was the space behind the bathroom door--- when it is cleaned with the door Open, its easy to see how/why it got skipped....still gross when you close the door and use the bathroom!. . nice to have a small frig in the room.... the A/C is tricky.  seemed to be hot& stuffy or FREEZING!  the upstairs hallways are ALWAYS FREEZING!  i carried a sweater with mii everywhere JUST for th TI hallway by the rooms!  :(. . the pool was nicely sunny until 5p-ish.  Other hotel pools in LV are under shadows of their neighbors towers by 2/3pm :(. the DJ by the pool was a bit LOUD!  he did all right until he played a song about Murdering Children.  not exactly my cup of tea while i'm trying to relax.. . The only idiot/rude person I encountered was at the hotel front desk at 1a and 2a on friday night.  TI allowed and profited from a wedding reception held in the pool area after it was closed for the night.  The only reason this was a problem was the DJ.....again DJ in the pool area blasting Bollywood style til 2:20am!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. Our room was on the TWENTY-FIFTH floor and I could hear the DJ as clear as Day call last call for Dinner at 1am!!?!!?   If dinner was *just* ending at 1am----I began to wonder when/if this party was ever going to end.    The front desk agent said, "probably 2am.". . after 2:10am, I was P.O.'ed!!!  when I called back, the IDIOT at the Front Desk tried to tell mii the hotel "can'tdo anything about it".   HOW ABOUT NOT ALLOWING the SALES DEPT. to BOOK PARTIES that WILL DISTURB OTHER GUESTS??????. . I have worked in hotels....Communication between departments is CRUCIAL and it is NEVER good customer service to imply your hands are tied and you are a useless employee who isnt even willing to LOOKUP information about an event happening On Your Property! :(
The hotel in itself was very nice: walkable to the higher end hotels on the north end of the strip, KahunaVille had tasty affordable eats and Senor Frogs was a great free place to boogie down. That being said the resort fee was $28 per day and on a 3 night stay we paid about $84 NOT WORTH IT. The fee included some crappy coupons and Wifi that was so terrible I ended up turning It off and just using my 4G. Unless I get free rooms here I will NOT be staying here again.
I had high expectations for my Vegas vacation. We stayed at the Tower suite and I disappointed when as soon as I walked in there was a musky sweat smell and the refrigerator area had dirty fingerprints and the shower had grout mildew build up.. .  It is a beautiful place in a great location they just need to take better care of it.
Ever since they re-branded TI from "Treasure Island" they've started to go downhill.. We had the Tower Suite, it was nice and big but that's where it ended.. The vents were visually clogged with thick dust, pretty gross. . The suite has a shallow foyer w/ french door style entry; until 3am we didn't realize the large gap between the floor and bottom of the door.. You hear ALL and any noise from the hallway clearly. General noise of people going to their rooms isn't a big deal at all, but the many groups of 20 somethings who only know one voice level(yelling) becomes quite the issue at 3am.. Aside from the noise I found the staff to be mediocre. The players club desk was just short of rude, dealers were ok, and bar tenders & sports book were along the same route. The staff at Pho restaurant was excellent.. . We checked out the next day and went to Paris ito finish the trip; 100% better experience all the way around.. . If you're into the club crowd then this probably isn't a bad spot for you. I think TI is achieving what they aimed to do - capture the crowd that's looking to be close to the clubs @ Mirage, etc. It's just not my crowd and top that on the cleanliness & service points and I wouldn't stay here again.
Never stay here again (cons). Room was very small, horrible lighting, and the tv in the room was a 32 inch. most rooms have a 37inch, hallways did smell like smoke, casino is small, valet is terrible.  I checked out at noon and waited 40 mins for valet to bring my car. at nighttimes when it wasnt so packed at valet about a 10 min wait.  restaurants (24hour one, vietnamese, pool restaurant) were all over priced and terrible for the price you pay.  The pool area was a joke. By far the smallest pool for a vegas hotel.  DJ sucked.  He played country and 80's.  No one was feeling it on a sat afternoon.  and on the last day everyone in my room all got sick.  Not sure if it was the air, food, but we all got flu-sick.  My good friend stayed here the next weekend and same thing happend to him and his bitches, they all got flu-sick on the last day.. . (pro's). beds were super comfy, lots of pillows, closet had extra pillows blankets, furniture decor was very nice and modern, and free upgrade view of the strip. best view of the entire strip.
The Coffee Shop service is slow. Don't waste your time on the burger it was a disaster. Overall the place is ok but it's low class compared to neighboring casinos. I probably wont stay here again.
I was debating hard on what to rank TI...Gonna call this a 2.49...I went with this low rating for a few reasons I will name later but also came up with it because I have never ever once won a nickel at the tables or on the machines at this casino! So I may be a tad prejudiced with this review!! . . Well here goes my thoughts on this place. This place is so hit or miss!!! The line to check in ...SUCKS ..almost always takes forever unless you are on a com'd deal , then its fantastic because the players club line is almost always empty!! The pool area, just is not all that great .   C+ in my book.  I have always had inconsistent service here even though the waitresses outfits do help the frustration of having to wait for a cocktail.  The daybeds to lay on run about $35 during the week, not bad. . . The rooms here are nice. The beds have always been nice. My rooms have had a frig in them , which is virtually a no-no anymore in Vegas! Well a frig where you can actually store things anyway. . . The casino floor stinks. I hate the layout completely.  The dealers here are like robots. Just boring! I cant tell you how many times I have seen almost no one even at the tables. The siren show that starts at night is fine. Begins about every 90 minutes. The girls are beautiful and its fun to see ..ONCE(well maybe twice)...then its complete boredom. Their long running show Mystere is very good, but its time to bring in something new. I mean how many times can you see these circus shows, especially the same one? You can get really good room/show deals though if you have never seen Mystere, look on the website for TI and stay during the week! . . The restaurants at TI are pricey and very inconsistent. Senor Frogs is not good at all while Kahunaville(coupons galore) is not bad and the party bar next door is a blast and the only night spot in this place that seems to get carried away!! Shots are flying there!! Gilleys has always been boring when we have been and the food beyond overpriced for what you get.  The Breeze Bar near the entrance is hit or miss as well, but sometimes late gets really going. The coffee shop is good for breakfast but of course way overpriced. $15 for eggs bacon and coffee. Phils Steakhouse is very average for the money. Its expensive and one would think you would leave with your mouth begging for more. Not the case here. Portobella starter good, French onion soup not bad, Filet ok, crab good, lobster not cooked right, Halibut just very average...It was not bad overall  but for $105 each....umm...it should be a hell of alot better! . . This casino runs quite a few specials. LOOK for them online or make sure you are signed up for their players club! They run specials for locals often too. I would never pay up to stay at TI, but I guess if I get it for free up to $70. I would consider it for the price and location. Dont forget they whack you for a very expensive resort fee. Anyway dont let one of the Sirens of TI throw you off the plank here ...or come to think of it  maybe getting captured by them isnt such a bad idea and would make your rating rise to a much higher level!! ARgh!!
Not impressed.  This review is for a trip back in June of this year.  We had a Groupon deal for 2 days and 2 nights, 2 tickets to Cirque de Solei, pool cabana reservations for a day, and a bottle of champagne with chocolate covered strawberries.  We were charged extra for the show, and by extra I mean full ticket price for two seats.  This was resolved, fairly quickly, but unfortunately wasn't the last financial problem.  We were charged for strawberries and champagne, and to top it off we were charged for the room.  I noticed all this once we were back home and received my credit card statement.  They had no idea how to deal with Groupon deals apparently.  I pity anyone else who bought this deal.  Wouldn't stay there again, especially since the suites are outdated by 20 years at least.
We were actually there for my child's 9th birthday. She wanted to see a Cirque show - and Mystere was one of the kid friendly ones. I just didn't want to be trekking the strip at night with 2 young kids. Prior to a couple months ago, I had never stayed anywhere in Vegas except the Bellagio - so my expectations ............ . I got the feeling that they are definitely moving away from the "kid friendly" vibe this place used to have.. . First - "TI" as they now call it is not part of any of the "groups" in Vegas. So they don't "know" you unless you have stayed there before.. . The rooms were ok - smaller than what I am used to, esp for a family of 4 (2 Adults, 2 Kids). Clean... but definitely dated. The beds... OMG - if I could have packaged up the bed and taken it home! The mattress and linens were luxurious!. . The pool area was decent... went there mainly for the kids. Just a pool/cabana's.. . The resort fee is a bunch-o-crap .. I don't care if it is now the industry norm. You book online and pay for the room, then they hit you up for more money when you get there? Bad business IMO.. . TIP -- don't go see the "pirate" show out front with the little ones. Should be considered soft porn.... even for the strip.
So many complaints with this place. The room had a strong smell of mildew. When we arrived, the room had been used before (rumpled sheets, trash in the trash can, unwrapped toiletries). Called front desk and seeing as it was 11 at night agreed to just have the sheets changed and forego a full cleaning. Were told the staff is coming "right away." The staff never showed up, so by 12:30 we were so exhausted we just crashed.. . The bathroom and A/C are seriously outdated. Small shower head with bad water pressure, had to really pound on the switch to even get it to go into shower mode, had to hold the handle for full duration to get the toilet to flush. A/C doesn't set to a temperature, but has a basic "heat"/"cool"/fan speed settings - I haven't seen that in a while. Carpet looked dirty.. . Room had no water, no coffee and weirdest of all no clock of any kind so to tell time, I had to look at my phone each time.. . When we were leaving and picking up our car from valet, they just let our car sit there until we finally spotted it on the far side of the road and walked to it carrying our own bags only to discover it was locked, so had to trekk back to get the keys from valet station. . . Good location and the bed was comfy but not staying here again - gonna try Mirage or Caesar's next, they are similar in price.
Went here a month ago b/c of a Groupon offer.  I should've passed on the Groupon and applied the money towards a better hotel.   We did not get a strip view (as promised on Groupon) upon arriving.  We asked to upgrade to a suite and was told they had it available which made me slightly happier.  After 30 mins of, an obviously new front desk worker, tapping away at his computer he tells us it is non smoking which is a no-no for us.  That started our trip with 2 let downs.. . The room was decent, bathroom was decent.  Not decent enough for their regular price they charge tho.  Their casino?  Extremely boring.  I'm a Vegas head, I go once a month, occasionally twice and TI will be a last resort  if all the hotels on the strip are booked up.
Used to be kind of a cool casino but it's starting to feel run down.  If you stay there bring your own towels.  OMG my husband and I stayed there last night and they have those towels like they'd give you at an indoor pool in a chain hotel.  They are so rough they actually hurt to dry off with.  I'm giving it 2 stars for the guy who checked us in and the ease of checking in.
We just arrived back from Vegas for my hubby's birthday. Front desk people were stuck up and seemed very angry. We booked hotel online and recieved two buffet vouchers. Let me tell you, part of vacationing is being able to eat great food and this buffet was not great, whatsoever. If your into pasta, then it is, other than that, it is not even worth spending a dollar on. Just travel to Denny's up the street, it is so much better. I also ordered a pot of coffee, it did not even come with flavored creamer at 17 dollars a pot, so not worth it, just go downstairs to Starbucks and you can have two specialty coffees and two breakfast muffins for less. Mystere was not great at all, I have seen Zumanity and Love, thought this would be another fantastic Cirqe Disole show, and it was not. If you are curious, buy the cheapest seats. I bought front ones and no difference. The upside of staying at TI is the location and gambling selections, that is about it, oh and the toiletries are pretty good. The room is decent, it doesn't have a coffee maker or microwave, did however have a fridge and safe. You pay a resort fee which is a bit much but thats every where now. I have stayed at the Trump hotel and so far, nothing is better, the resort fee a bit much but so worth it, no casino or great restaurant/buffets. Anyhow, I would not stay at TI again.
I'm usually pretty long-winded with my reviews. But then, there's this:. . I literally forgot-- completely fucking FORGOT-- that I stayed here for a few days last year.. . PROS: Oh, wait, we got a cabana for like seventy bucks. I seem to remember that being adequate. I feel like we got a free buffet (although in hindsight, I feel like it wasn't very good).. . CONS: Dude, no, seriously, my Partner-in-Crime and I had to think for roughly four or five minutes about where the hell we stayed that time we went to Vegas in August last year. . . VERDICT: no, really. I'm gonna go ahead and just call this place the Bermuda Triangle of my brain. Nothing sticks out as particularly lame, nothing seems to be piquing the "awesome" sphere of my brain (other than the company I was keeping), so, um, I'll give this place a vote of, "Um, sure?". . (NOTE: ..dude, no, srrsly. NOTHING about this place stands out in my brain and that concerns me, somewhat. I think I ACTUALLY may have paid to stay in Limbo.)
Hotel had a blackout so we called downstairs with our cell phones to see if they would answer- were told to "lock your doors and don't come out until the lights come back on"... Could use a clean up.
The room was nice and very clean. Service was five star, to bad for your resort fee not cool to pay $140 for a $100 value. would have been 4 star if they would be up front with the price.
Some of the staff here are very nice and helpful.  However some others seemed to not care or want to help and thus can ruin a vacation.. . I made a reservation with Groupon for 2 nights and 2 tickets to the Mystere show for $250.  . . There was a miss communication and I missed the scheduled show time.  I showed up the next day which is when I founded out I missed the show, and was told that despite being a normal show day, today was a special off day.  . . After asking the ticket staff member about my options she said I had none as the show would start on Saturday after I left on Thursday.  . . I then called the front desk and was transferred 3 times until some gentleman at the box office quickly told me I had no options and was out of luck.. . I write this negative review for some of this resorts unwillingness and lack of care to accommodate and care about providing their paying patrons with the best experience they can.  . . I felt treated like a just another dollar sign to them and just FYI at no point did I ever antagonize any of the staff members to provoke them to treat me as such.. . So with all that said:. . ** Those thinking about staying here, you best hope that your experience goes without trouble otherwise....."you're out of luck" **
This Vegas experience was sub-par to say the least. My boyfriend and I came here for a mid-week r&r getaway. We mainly only booked this hotel because it was one of the few whose pool was already open for the season, and the rates were reasonable considering the PAC 12 Basketball Tournament was being hosted at MGM. . . Our first night, check in went smoothly and we were able to check in an hour early, we went up to the room and headed for the pool. First thing; they don't allow outside food and drink at the pool, not even water, you have to buy everything inside at their ridiculous rate. The old crotchety guy checking room keys and bags couldn't have been ruder. So we returned to the room to ditch our water bottles and went back down. $60 for a bucket of 6 beers and a cocktail and a 45 minute wait to get said drinks later, we could start trying to relax. The poolside cocktail waitresses didn't even acknowledge us once, even after trying to get their attention. . . Our room also didn't have an ice bucket, so we called the front desk, who transferred us to room service, who transferred us to housekeeping, who took 35 minutes to get to the room. The point was to chill 2 leftover beers from the bucket, but by the time it got there, the moment was lost.The rest of the night was fine, because we went out to another hotel for dinner and walked the strip a bit. End of night one. . . Night 2: The day at the pool was a lot better. We knew the drill and the rules of the place this time so we had no trouble getting in. We rented a day bed for $45 for the day, which turned out to be worth it. We had poolside service, the cocktail waitresses (the same ones from the day before) were really attentive. Every half hour or so she checked on us to make sure we were doing okay. It was a huge comfy circle chair, and had a shade you can pull up to shield you from the sun. Considering we were out there from 1030am-5pm, it was well worth it. That's the only reason for the second star. The booze is still WAY too expensive, even for Vegas. . . Ultimately; 60% of the hotel staff we encountered was rude. The pool was really small for a Vegas pool, but the DJ did a good job. The resort wi-fi that's covered in the $25 daily resort fee SUCKED. We couldn't connect to it worth crap. The beds were comfortable and the room was quiet (minus the people in the room next to us having sex and being able to hear it.) Would we stay here again? Definitely not. Would we recommend it? Honestly, you'd probably be better off at Casino Royal: Best Western, than at TI.
This place is on the decline.  Dirty.  Poor service.  The Mirrage next door is better.
I'm not sure this place needs a 986th review, but I hope to bring some attention to a pseudo-scam this hotel and many others in Las Vegas partake in.. .  The Resort Fee. .  I'm not sure how much longer this will be legal but for now, TI thinks it's ok to advertise a price for booking, and then when you check in, say you owe them $25 extra a night as a "resort fee". They say it's a great deal, you get free local calls, a newspaper, a 2 for 1 drink coupon, and you can print your boarding passes free in the lobby. This charge is NOT optional, even if you don't use what they force on you. . .  It's seriously the bait and switch scam. If TI wants $25 extra a night, it needs to add it to the base rate that is ADVERTISED.. .  The only reason I'm not rating TI a 1-star is because they are not the only place in Vegas that does this, but they are one of the most expensive. . .  Other strikes are: The bars are overpriced and lacking in fun. Restaurants are twice as much as an off-strip option. The pool is a little small.
The only reason i give this place 2 stars is because of senor frog (they get 5stars alone) I had a groupon deal for 2 night stay for a room facing the strip. Turns out we got the room farthest from the elevators facing the freeway. From staying at previous hotels this was not up to my expectations, not to mention the room was hot when we got there (not fun in hot Nevada). We also encountered a problem (which the staff was unfriendly). Saturday night about 1am we went back to our hotel and our keys weren't working. So after being on hold with the front desk for 15 min, we had to wait 40 extra minutes to have management come and unlock the door.  (Really fun just sitting in the hallway outside of your own room right?) when management decides to show up she saysthat our keys were demagnetized by having them close to our cellphones. (which they were not and they didnt tell us that at front desk). so she tries her key... doesn't work. she tried about 5 times before it worked. she then said the batteries were dead on the door and she could have someone come fix it... (at now 2:30am????) we passed, we were checking out Sunday anyway... we just left the room one at a time if we needed something in fear of getting locked out again. On top of ALLLLL that, they didn't offer us anything for the inconvenience, not even a sorry letter. :(. . That being said if you want outstanding customer service, try somewhere else!
Never stayed at this hotel. I can't really comment on the accommodations or the dining since my time in the hotel was really minimal.. . I can tolerate smoke in Vegas. I really can. I go to every casino and breathe it in and don't particularly mind. But this place is smokey. Smokey to the point that my lungs were burning after I stayed in for two hours. If it weren't for some freeplay for signups that lured me in, I wouldn't have stayed.. . I had fond memories of this hotel. The memories were spending time in a really larger arcade area and winning tickets. The arcade was removed in 2003 and replaced with more adult themed attractions. Still, a part of me inside wishes that the sign to the video arcade pointed to where that old ticket madness inducing attraction, rather than leading to the dismal six aging video game machines stashed away in an unimportant room.. . Regardless, fond memories or not, I don't think I'll be planning to stay anytime soon.
Outdated and dirty, TI feels like a legendary Vegas casino minus the charm and updates necessary to keep it from becoming a Sahara or Taj Mahal.. . The only redeeming quality about TI is it's location on the strip, and for that reason only is TI worth a night stay. You can see the entire strip and "free shows" all the way to Mandalay Bay from some of the rooms and the views are amazing at nighttime. Walking to other grander casinos and nightclubs from TI is a breeze.. . Aside from location, TI is extremely underwhelming. The staff is very nice and accomodating, particularly at the check-in/check-out desks, but I have never seen a check in line move so slowly. It was pretty painful. The casino itself is run down, for instance some of the buttons in the elevator were so worn you'd have too look at the surrounding numbers to know what they are. Also, there is a complete lack of fine dining and night life options. There's a western bar there and a terrible Kahunaville (see my review) that are meant for good times for adults, but they are both gimmicky and nonmemorable, so again the proximity to the other casinos is hugely needed.. . Finally, the rooms have been updated and are more modern but in my experience they are not maintained well. The sun shining into our room cast a light on the furniture that displayed dust laden everywhere, and there were some rust stains in the bathroom.. . We will not choose TI again. There are two other more affordable casinos that meet our marks, and plenty more moderately priced ones that exceed our expectations every time. I think TI could turn things around easily, and I hope they do before the bulldozer comes...
The rooms, pool and buffet were very nice and what I expected. The games were very tight and did not pay out much at all. The public spaces had a smell piped in that seemed like a mix of Ozone and Pina Coloda... very nauseating. Not sure if they were going for a tropical bar smell or just trying to cover up the smoking odors... however, none of the other hotels had this issue. We ended up spending most of our time away from our hotel primarily for this reason... I just could not stand the smell.. . The drink and food prices were very spendy (as with most of the strip). The best deal was the buffet ... look for the buy 1 get 1 1/2 off deal.. . We wanted to play some of the tables, but we are not big spenders when it comes to gambling... we were thrown off by only seeing $10 on up minimum bet tables.. . Also a complaint that I have in general (not just TI) is I miss the chink chink chink of the coins.  I was turned off my using vouchers for my gambling... I might as well stayed home and played my computer games... Much cheaper and enjoyable.. . Needless to say we only lost about $50 between the two of us gambling in Treasure Island... if they would fix their gambling payouts and minimum bets then I am sure we would have lost much more.. . My advice to you... if you can stand weird odors and price is an issue then TI may be for you... Myself, I will never return there. I will spend the extra money and stay at a different hotel that has better gambling and no strange odors that makes me feel sick every time I walk through it.
WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER.  The woman who was working at the front desk @ 3:30 AM Saturday, May 25, 2013 from Chicago, IL (that was all I could get from her name tag on account of how tired my husband and I were making the 9-hour journey to LV) - YOU DESERVE TO BE FIRED.  YOU DESERVE NOTHING BUT THE LACK OF KINDNESS/CONCERN YOU SHOW TO OTHERS.  . . But let me start from the beginning: my husband and I decided to go to LV for a nice, relaxing Memorial Day weekend.  We decided to drive from San Jose, CA because our original plans fell through last minute - typically this is a 7-8 hour drive, but because of all the traffic from vacation-goers, and deciding to leave during rush hour (after my husband got off of work), our drive ended up taking over 10-hours.  Fast forward to arriving at the hotel: we arrived at 3:30 am, early Saturday morning and to say that we were exhausted is an understatement.  There were plenty of front desk personnel for so early in the morning (or late at night) and there were plenty of people checking in as well.  After waiting in line for about 10-minutes, it was our turn to check in.  We were met with a standard greeting and asked our names for the reservation.  After giving the front desk personnel our name, she proceeded to get on the phone and to check to see "if rooms were available" - even though I had called two days ahead and told them we would be arriving after 1:00 am.  At the time I called the gentleman on the phone told me there was nothing to worry about and that he would include a note on the reservation.  After the woman got off the phone, she told us the ONLY room they had available was a KING, SMOKING room.  This was TERRIBLE news being that I am EXTREMELY ALLERGIC to cigarette smoke.  Now before someone goes on to rant "why would you be in Vegas when you're allergic to cigarette smoke???" - I try my best to avoid those who are smoking and I don't gamble, so I never stay in a casino more than to just walk through... other than that my husband and I chose to drive around most of the time and we only go to Vegas for the shopping - this cuts down my exposure to offsetting my allergies (these are personal decisions we make and planning ahead like this helps tremendously for our lifestyle choices).  . . Back to the story: the woman proceeded to tell us there was "absolutely nothing" she could do and did not even offer any other offer (I wouldn't have minded paying extra for the night to get us out of smoking room - but she made it seem like it wasn't even an option).  Meanwhile, the man checking in next to us was offered a SUITE when the other front desk staff told him the only room available was a smoking room - he didn't want a smoking room because he had children (totally understandable).  When I told her I was allergic to cigarette smoke, she asked to give her an exact medical condition and she would "look it up."  When I told her allergies were a health condition in-in-of-itself, she went on to say, "well I get itchy eyes too around cigarettes.  It's too bad."  THIS MADE ME SOOOO MAD.  I reminded her I called a couple nights ago and asked them to make a note - my exact words were: "I asked you guys to make sure we would be accommodated."  THEN SHE SAYS "No, not "you guys" it has nothing to do with me - you told the company and they are currently out of rooms."  SHOCK.  That's how you treat customers?  That's what you say?  Do you enjoy throwing salt on the wound?  My husband and I were so tired and she wasn't worth making a scene over... but the result?  I currently have an infection in my eye stemmed from "an allergic reaction" and my body is in hives.  Thank you Treasure Island.  Or specifically lady from Chicago, IL - since she obvious doesn't work for Treasure Island but works for herself.  . . Other than that - the location of the hotel is nice.
I've been to TI before and thought it was okay. However, this last trip changed my mind. I will never stay there again. The first room we were sent to SMELLED disgustingly like a wet, old, moldy towel. I seriously opened the door and didn't even take a step inside and I could smell an overwhelmingly strong musty smell. We went down and asked for another room. The clerk just said sorry and didn't even offer an upgrade or anything to make up for it. I've been to many hotels and whenever there is a problem like that the hotel will most definitely make it up to you. However, whatever they made it right I was willing to let it go. Except it didn't get better.. The second room was okay. The room smelled okay but the bathroom had a slight scent of mildew. Since I couldn't put my finger on what was wrong I let it go. By the end of the trip I realized it was probably the shower curtain that smelled. . The tv was messed up. No matter what channel it was on it displayed a big 11 across the top, so I couldn't see what channel I was on and it was just annoying to watch tv that way.. The mini fridge did not work. The "liquids", after being there all night, were still room temp. Why advertise a fridge if it doesn't work?. On my second day there I was walking back to my room only to find a overwhelming musty smell in the hall. I think the maids were cleaning with a musty rag cause it was gross. Also, someone obviously ordered room service and put the tray outside. It stayed there all day! I was so gross to see half eaten food every time I walked to my room.. Honestly I'd rather pay $50 more a night and stay at a nicer, better smelling hotel. Next time....
The best part of TI is the location (right in the middle of things) and the soft, comfy beds. Otherwise, the ridiculous 'resort fees', mediocre rooms, dark and uninviting casino area and thin walls make it an option to pass over.. .  To start off, we requested a strip view...and got a room with a nice view... of a black roof and some palm trees blocking everything. The room was average at best and sported a tiny flat screen on the wall with a hidden mini fridge in the closet. The walls are so thin we could hear the drunk idiots next to us screaming, crying and play fighting at 3am. (Not that we expected to get the best of sleep in the middle of Las Vegas, but a little more privacy would have been nice.). . We were told a bottle of wine would be sent to our room which never arrived. To top it off, after I made it home I noticed my credit card was hit at least 6 times for various charges and we still can't figure out what for. .  I suppose you live and learn, and we both learned to pass over TI next time we visit Vegas!
ok this was my second time staying at ti in a year we flew out this time thinking about the time before. we arrived mothers day weekend omg it was a sunday thinking people would be going home no! it was sooo busy we waited in line for almost 2 hours just to check in.bad start. we get to our tower suite which was on the top floor great views of the strip...but not great views of the carpet! which i will post pics of.. we stayed there for 3 nights. the last night there was horrid someone let kids stay in the hotel which meaning "kids" that are adults but prob in their very early 20's. They acted like they never been away from there parents! they were up and down the hallways acting like idiots very loud and late like 4 am late i was sooo pissed bc i had a early flight.just way to many wrongs with our trip this time which also was our wedding trip..the bed was very comfy i just didnt get any sleep the last night due to loud as guys !!! im just saying next time i think i will be going to mr. trumps!!!. .                                                                               PS: THEIR CASINO SUCKS!!!
Pool is smaller than website makes it look. Housekeeping missed something every single day of our stay (towels, glasses, washcloths). Rooms are quiet but that's about the only place that is. Food at restaurants is good but every coupon that was handed to us on property came with a catch. We weren't able to use one "benefit" given on check-in that went toward our $28 a day room surcharge. Disappointed with all but the food. We won't be staying here next time.
My biggest complaint about Treasure Island is the rank smell the downstairs casino has. It is very distinct. It made me sick each time we came downstairs and made us leave the hotel to shop and eat at other places. It was a mixture of suntan lotion, sweat, hot garbage, barf, and smoke. As soon as you walk in, it's there.. . Everyday by like 2:00 the pool would have a murky, creamy hue to it. This is due to people spraying on sunscreen while in the pool, or putting it on and gettingright into the pool. Along with, I'm sure...pee. It was gross! I think they should close it for an hour mid-day to zap all the nastiness that is there by the afternoon. We only went in the mornings.. . The buffet was just okay. We went during the crab leg night and they were sooo skinny, and had no flavor. They tasted like they were water logged.  The fried foods were soggy, and it seemed like we had gotten there when the food wasn't as fresh. We arrived before the line started forming. . . The staff when we checked in and out were great! No complaints with the staff what so ever! However, the smell alone is enough to make me choose another hotel next time I'm there. I wish they could filter that out. It could just be the old carpet.
I wondered when was the last time they dust the room. Spending almost $300 a night and i had to dust my bed headboard so that i dont have to sneeze all night. And finger prints all over on the funiture like CSI  came in to investigate.....just disgusting.
Not a fan.. . Casino floor was pretty small, and typical Vegas not a lot of regular blackjack tables.  I know, single-deck has better odds (and 6:5 on blackjacks), but I feel like I know standard 6-8 deck blackjack much better.  Craps tables almost always had $15 minimums.  AC only had three settings (how quaint).  4 different banks of elevators made going to other floors a nuisance (though I recognize that's not a big deal to 99% of hotel guests.. . The place gets 2 stars instead of 1 because the catering for our work conference was excellent.  The lunches and snacks provided were of high-quality, and the spread never ran out.
The T.I. is great if you're looking for a cheap place to stay on the strip. It's comfortable but not anywhere near the 4 stars/diamonds/whatever that it boasts. I think my biggest problem with this place was the staff. When we got their there were NO signs on where to check in. We stood in the wrong line 2x and not one staff member helped us. And it wasn't busy. They just watched us be confused. When we finally did check in we were told we would get complimentary champagne because we were on our honeymoon. Never happened. . . Then housekeeping "forgot" to clean our room for 2 days in a row. We had to call each day after our outings when all we wanted to do was relax and then force ourselves to go out for another 3 hours. Everyday we would come back hoping our room was cleaned. . . We went to eat at the Seafood Shack (in house restaurant) and the next day I saw a hold for $250+ when out total was no more then $20. And when we called to figure out WHY they were holding this much no one could give us a straight answer. To this day we still don't know why. But that certainly detered us from charging anymore money in the hotel. Also it's very daunting when you're on a vacation budget and they're holding $200+ more then you're expecting. . . I think the only good think about our stay was the Valet staff. They were excellent to deal with.
My sister and I stayed at TI for sister time. We stayed from 07/31/2013 to 08/02/2013. I don't know if it was  because it was mid week but the staff just didn't want to bother with helping us. Nobody was real rude or real friendly.  No bell hop service, the concierge really didn't want to stop reading his paper to answer our questions, no one at the pool to check just grab a towel and walk in. I take it back the bartenders at the pool were nice and the lady working at the Oxygen bar was very nice and friendly.  Besides those three people, the service wasn't great, which is kind of weird since it was so slow there.  . My biggest complaint is there are NO Coffee makers in the room, so once you stumble out of bed, down the stairs, through the casino, wait in line, and then you can buy a Starbucks coffee.  I took away a whole star for just that! . The beds may have been comfortable at one time, but not so much now.  They need new top mattress covers, they deep dips where other people have been. . We ate at a couple if places there.  The Kahunaville was OK.  The Coffee shop was expensive and sit at booth if you go there, the table chairs are horrible.  When we sat down the chairs sunk in and the table was just below our shoulders. So, I am thinking a booth would be better unless you are 6'.   We didn't eat at Senor Frogs... but did order a drink there... yuck and expensive.  that's all I have to say about that place.. I wouldn't go back, there are so many other choices and in the same price range.  I didn't think the coffee maker would be such a big deal but it really was :(   . They do have refrigerators in the rooms, stock with your own booze.  A Coors Light bottle cost $7.00 and mixed is $13.00 to $21.00 each.  WOW.  No more drinks free if you are gambling unless you are playing with over $20 and a dollar min each bet.  I didn't see any servers on the floor this was the bar video poker rules.   Again it was midweek maybe that is why.
Yikes! You obviously get what you paid for. This was the cheapest rate for Labor Day weekend. I stayed in their standard room with a few girlfriends. Nothing special, just your typical hotel room with the usually amenities. Our TV did not work, and the shower would barely get hot. Not the nicest looking hotel, and it's always busy in the casino area. Picking up the car and luggage takes forever! Treasure Island is towards the end of the strip, so if you're trying to go to the other hotels, you have to take taxi especially in the summer when it's blazing hot!!
This review is only for TI Buffett , not worth the $23.95 per person unless you can get the 2x1 coupon do not waster your money on this Buffett . Lame lame lame pathetic pathetic pathetic.... Enuf said
2 star rating because I miss the original Treasure Island. Back when Steven Wynn owned it, the place was pirate themed and kid friendly with a pretty cool midway and outdoor pirate show. I loved the old sign with the pirate skull and swords. I also loved the Oatmeal soap. You can say I'm real bitter about the change.... Now? It's a shadow of what it once was. So they added a Circ show... Changed the outdoor show to the Sirens? Meh. They're trying to reel in the asian gamblers by adding Pho to their cafe. It's meh. There spa is called Oleksandra and they provide guest's with their products in the room. To me, the stuff smells funny. The only real pros are. -AAA Four diamond hotel meaning, customer service should be off the chain good. -Within walking distance to the other major hotels and casinos. -Less expensive option if you're attending a convention across the street @ Venitian. -Clean rooms
God, this hotel is dated. It needs such a revamp it isn't even funny. When you walk through the cosmopolitan and then head back here, your heart breaks a little bit.. . Here's what our experience delightfully entailed:. . 1) A buffet that upset our buddy's stomach all day. . 2) cleaning service that managed to knock over one of my (brand new, completely full) beauty products. I came home to find it half full. Guess what half of that was? Water that they used to cover it up. Total BS.. . 3) Most importantly: our friend, the bride, had her room broken into on our first night. She walked in to find the door busted open. She was in a suite by the elevators. Did the hotel do anything?. . Nope.. . Stay away. The rates aren't worth the experience.
We got a suite here whilst driving to California last minute as the price was really good (it was $120 as it was a Sunday night).. . Was very disapointed with the room as it as very dated and old. The lighting in the room was not the best and the barthroom felt like it had not been updated since the 1960's.. . I would have expected something a bit better considering TI is listed as a 4*.
This was the first hotel I stayed at when I turned 21 and went to Vegas, but on my most recent trip (this past weekend) I had the worst hotel experience since my friend booked our stay at Circus Circus (just don't do it!). . . The people who checked us in we're rude, they put us in a smoking room after we requested non-smoking multiple times. After our first night they found the 1 non-smoking room in the entire hotel and gave it to us, and in that room there wasn't even a working TV.. . There are a lot of Amazing hotels and casinos in Las Vegas, if you are looking for a place to sleep the beds are comfortable, but I'm afraid after my last trip thats all TI has to offer.. . I hope they get back to the old good days.
This is a nice hotel and offers clean basic rooms with great views.  The casino is nice, but even though it is big, it feels small.  For slot players, dated machines can bore you quickly.  Table games are on the expensive side, which is surprising.  I realize that they are on the strip, but you can't charge Venetian rates if your casino is kind of isolated.  Ironic, on the strip, but they are at the end and not easy walking distance to it.  Ship show is boring.  It's ok, but with all the other choices nearby, it just doesn't match them in gaming excitement or atmosphere.
