Waited and hour for average food. Or maybe my expectations are a tad bit high for a celebrity chef...
I'm surprised.... Never been to a snobby english prick restaurant before, but there's a first time for everything.  For perspective, our res was New Year's Day.  Waitress was personable, attentive and very knowledgeable about the menu (coincidentally she LOVED all the expensive stuff on the menu, I guess it is Vegas...).  Aside from the weird, tight, newspaper looking dresses that Gordon frocked them in, the waitstaff seemed on the ball as a whole.  . . Not sure what was going on in the kitchen though, it took a bit over an hour for our food.  If you haven't seen the menu its a trendy gastropub fare with flashes of England throughout.  I got the Lamb T-bone and it was so damn salty my foot swelled almost immediately.  For some reason, all four of our meals seemed a bit salty to me, I guess it is pretty typical english fare but I was a bit disappointed.  The atmosphere was awash with loud english flair accented by the waitstaff's overly loud garb.  . . Gordon, I just expected more from you.  If you're gonna make a fish and chips joint, be sure to keep it simple and rely on the pure flavor of the food not overseasoning as compensation.
We went for lunch yesterday...service is solid, food is good, but.... . Portions - smallest of any restaurant in Vegas. Seriously? For a pub? Micro sized burgers, and my wife's Mac & Cheese, while good, was the size of an average side at Del Frisco's. I had the Reuben, which was creatively done, but for the same price I can go to Carnegie at the Mirage and get a monster sandwich (with the same quality of ingredients). The woman next to us had fish & chips, which was so small she went to the food court afterwards.. . Seating - they said they were full, even though 1/3rd of the tables were empty; which the hostess said were all reserved. So we ate at the bar. After an hour and a half (we linger a bit over lunch), on our way out we noticed pretty much all the same tables were still empty. So either the hostesses are holding things up to get tipped, or the casino is demanding an awful lot of held tables. Either way, Gordon, you are leaving a LOT of money on all those empty tables.
Hmmmmmm, not quite sure where to start. Small portions, high prices, and then undercooked food. My food had to go back twice, first they cooked the burger wrong, and then the french fries were undercooked. This place is horribly understaffed. it took an act of congress just to get my drink refilled. This place needs some serious help before I will even think of going back again. . . 2 people, 2 burgers, and 2 glasses of ice tea = $52.98!!!  WOW!!!!. . no appetizers or dessert.. . I'm a little shocked and disappointed considering who owns this place.
Went in around 4PM on a Thurs. Had a limited menu to pick from since dinner menu starts @5. Staff seemed very friendly. Then I realized my beer was not what I ordered. Next some appetizers did not arrive. Waiter seemed to disappear.  After several apologies, we get our food 45 minutes after sitting down. The food was good, but definitely not great. Also, though I usually prefer smaller portions, these portions we really small. Not good value.  Do yourself a favor and go to Mesa Grill instead.
Second Gordon restaurant in few months. Please know: huge fan of the show, etc. . . Second restaurant, second disappointment. Food was good but:. - portions are tiny. - ridicoulously overpriced. - terrible service at many levels: 10 minutes wait for the warer order, 15. More to order drinks and 20 to order food; no napkins; 5 waitresses at front door doing nothing and a bunch pf customers trying to catch their attention; horrible outfits, especially woman (btw not a good idea to have the Sun's headline celebrating the folkland's win on a dress...). - the fountain drinks suck. Coke was watery and with a very weird backtaste; asked for an outlet to plug my phone and the waitress would not even know what to do. . - did i say overpriced?!? 17 bucks for 3 miniscule sliders with no side. . . Bottom line: Gordon you're full of s***, you talk about consistency but that's what this is: inconsistent and not worth the money.
Definitely not worth a detour. . What bothered us is the extreme noise level (loud rock music), the slow service, the prices are high because of the name on the door. It is also adjacent to the casino and therefore a lot of smoke comes into the place. . The food was tasty but not a great deal.. Will not come back.
Highly over-rated.. Had the fish and chips. Batter was nice, but not crispy enough. They didnt fry the fish long enough.. Fries were not traditional and DIDNT work in this dish.. Peas were honestly the best part of the dish... eh...
Although the employees are kind, this place is a mess. Poor location and ridiculously expensive. They didn't even have fish and chips on their menu. I think the man himself needs to clean this place up.
Shepherds pie was good,as was the mushy peas,  fish and chips was so so, fish was good but the big block/logs chips were not. We didn't get our drink order till half way through our dinner. Thankfully the waiter did comp our drinks for the poor service. So that made up for it.
Hands down, this spot gets the distinction of being the restaurant with the worst service out of any restaurant at which I've ever eaten, and I've eaten at a ridiculous amount of restaurants. You've been open for six weeks, you're not still in a soft open, there is NO EXCUSE for how terrible this place is. The training wheels should be off, kids.. . We arrived for a late lunch and the flaws showed immediately. Three hostesses in newspaper print dresses standing around? Not a good sign. They told us it would be at least fifteen minutes. Oddly, there were a ton of open, set tables, including the one they sat us at twenty minutes later. When we were seated we were told that Joe would be our waiter. Joe ran by and asked if we wanted a drink list, we said yes. He said, "Two minutes!" while still running. We waited the two minutes and at least five more before asking one of now four hostesses who were just hanging out for a beer list. As she hands it to us, Joe goes by with drinks and yells (YELLS), "I TOLD them two minutes!" Okay, Joe, here's a food service lesson from someone older and more experienced than you: water, drink lists and don't ever act put out. It's not like we interrupted YOU, we asked someone who clearly had nothing to do. . . A new waiter stopped by and introduced himself. We said hi and asked for water and a drink list. We got them a while later and ordered shortly thereafter some drinks (Scottish Ale, Union Jack, Strongbow, Guinness), apps (truffle chips, deviled eggs), and meals (Mac 'n Cheese, two pub burgers, a lamb burger and a chopped salad). They were out of Guinness but offered a substitute. A little time passed and no drinks. Our waiter came over with the apps and asked K if he wanted his beer now or when the food came. Huh? Finally our beers arrived. . . Next train wreck? They didn't bus the tables. We ate the apps (two was the perfect number for our group of five) but no one cleared our plates. Then, randomly, a server came by with a Scottish Egg. As you may have noticed, we didn't order it. He gave us a dirty look and walked away to other tables. Finally we realized that our waiter gave K a Scottish Egg AND a Scottish Ale. Our waiter and the server came by, insisting it was ours and we explained that no, he must have been confused but he pretty much forced us to take it. Fine. Can you bus our table and give us some water? No, I bit my tongue because I know better.. . While tasting the Scottish Egg the very pretty, English manager came over, apparently the job requirements include chatty, talking about how English things are and critiquing your bite to sauce ratio, what the job does not require is: immediately bussing or asking someone to bus the pile of plates we'd made because it we getting ridiculous. Come ON. I have watched enough Hell's Kitchen to deduce that were Gordon Ramsay to visit, EVERY SINGLE EMPLOYEE we dealt with yesterday would have been fired. Chatty English woman left, without taking our needing to be bussed dishes and we hung out at a little more. Things were slow and our beers were getting to the halfway point, someone in our party quipped that no one was getting a second beer because doing so would make us late for our 8:30 dinner reservation. . . The food came in three trips (for five plate this is silly) and there were some big gaps in the timing. We were't asked if we needed anything and as soon as our waiter walked away I noticed that we didn't have salt or pepper on the table. In some cultures, this is the norm. I've never been to a pub that didn't have s/p. I asked one of the hostesses who had nothing to do. She looked put out and then said she would try to get me some. I asked for pepper, not a bronze fork with seven tines. I waited. I waited some more. I peeked around to see if another table had any. Nope. Our waiter came by and I asked him, he said he would look. I waited some more and the hostess came back with salt. I asked, "Can I also get some pepper?" And she snapped at me, "We're OUT of pepper,". Okay, do you really mean to tell me that a restaurant is out of pepper? Has that ever happened in the history of the restaurant business? I didn't say anything and she said she would see in the kitchen. She never came back. I ate my burger because at this point it was getting silly for me to wait any longer, and our waiter came by to check on us. I asked about the pepper and he said they don't have it because it gets stuck in the dispenser. . . We interrupt this review to interject: 1. Not a word of this is exaggerated or made up 2. We were so nice to the staff it's mind blowing 3. You should avoid this restaurant at all coasts.. . We ate some more and finally someone noticed that we had bussed our own dishes and took them. . . The food was good, I will give them that. I was probably worth 3.5-4 stars for this type of venue. The service, however, was atrocious and embarrassing and for that reason we will never come back. This place needs to get its act together. Pronto.
Some additional information on our disastrous service:. . The pepper debacle part II: Our waiter came by after I was told the restaurant ran out of pepper and I asked him if maybe I could get some pepper.  He disappeared and a while later I saw him and asked again.  He told me that the dispensers kept getting clogged and that's why they didn't give it to people.  Wait, so did you run out?  Or are the dispensers clogged?  If the dispensers are clogged I'd like to suggest the following... since they are essentially metal creamers with a hinged, unlatched top that has holes, just open, put some in a rammekin and bring some over.  . . At the end of our meal we had to ask for our check several times.  When it came we gave two credit cards (not uncommon) and asked the bill to be split 60/40.  Our waiter looked at us like he had no clue what that meant and then about ten minutes later came back and said, "So, if I put 91 on one and 71 on the other is that right?"  WHAT?!  This is a very basic math problem.  And, in case math is not your forte, you can use the POS computer or a calculator (or a PENCIL) to figure out that it's $64.80 and $97.20.  Now, we didn't need it to the penny but seriously?
I was here on 1/30/13. The wait time is about 45mins and we were seated once we returned on time. Our server is fantastic, very nice, recommended sliders, pork belly, and steak, so we go ahead ordered those. Now I clocked the time, we waited 30mins for food to come out, very slow. Our server keep checking on us and reassured us about our food which is very nice of her. . . When our food is served, nothing is really good. Sliders were dry, pork belly was decent but not great. Now the steak, that was way over cooked, seasoning is way too salty, to a point you can't even taste anything but saltiness. We ask our server to come take a look, she instantly apologize and told us she will speak to her boss to see if it can be take off the bill. and it was taken off the bill, which is about $40. We didn't ordered any replacement course cos we scare to wait another 30mins... . . At the end the whole dinning experience is a disappointment, that fact that food came out of Ramsay's kitchen is so sub par, here I will use his fav phase Dreadful!!! If wasn't for Ramsay's name..it will be a 1 star review, seriously!!
Let's start with the good, since it won't take me long to cover that part. . . The decor is definitely attractive and will peak your curiosity. Looks like a trendy new spot to stop by and hang out by the bar, or give a go at authentic British cuisine. . . And we're done with the good. Now let's go into why I felt like I wasted a perfect meal-time (i hate it when that happens...) at Gordon Ramsay's new restaurant.. . I literally ate like a rabbit all day just to save my stomach for Gordon Ramsay's. I mean, it's GORDON RAMSAY. The chef who is so angry and critical all the time, that I feel like his restaurant HAS to be good. I was so hungry that any mediocre dish (even fast food) could probably satisfy me, but Gordon Ramsay's Pub & Grill wasn't even close. For someone who markets himself as being a perfectionist in the kitchen, it certainly does not seem he has met his own standards. . . I started with the Fried Oysters appetizer. The dish was presented with three oyster shells with two tiny fried bits in each. I literally felt like I was just eating batter. Wasn't much flavoring to it and wasn't anything special. . . I followed it with the fish and chips. It wasn't terrible, but I feel like I could've probably found the same level of satisfaction at Long John Silver's. I would honestly rather make a stop at Long John's than pay $26 for that plate again. My date ordered the Braised Pork Belly ($30) and looked like it would be promising, but again, it was rather bland. You can definitely find a much better prepared pork belly elsewhere. . . The most exciting part was probably the pretzels as the form of complimentary bread. It was offered with butter and a type of cheese-mustard. I've heard good things about the pudding dessert and that's probably the only thing that would ever weigh my consideration on returning.. . My bill ended up being $100, 1 appetizer, 2 main course dishes, and 1 glass of Hennesey. Sadly, I would've been much happier spending that $100 at the Bacchanal Buffet.
Was here in February. Interesting place. Staff was great. Beer list extensive and good. Food was good but I was put off by fish and chips at $28. Was not special but was good. Other pricing looked OK.. Would I return..probably.
Was looking for a different spot to try out in Caesars before heading out for a show, and stumbled upon the pub.. . Despite being 50% empty at 5PM, we ended up being told we couldn't be seated until 8:45PM. Still, 2 minutes later via use of the opentable app, I had a reservation in hand for 6PM and killed an hour at the tables prior to getting seated in a half-empty house.. . Figuring we were at a british pub, I did the fish and chips w. mushy peas, and skipped a starter as we had an awesome lunch earlier and weren't super hungry.. . Despite the pleasant service from the Gary Busey lookalike waiter, the food arrived scalding hot, as we downed our first pints. . . The chips were undercooked and scaling hot (as my buddy got a side of chips that were a bit crisper with his dish).. . The fish was super-oily, and despite the newspaper themed dresses worn by the hostesses, it wasn't served over any sort of newspaper/newspaper style wax paper.. . The mushy peas were pretty good.. . As we were leaving after finishing dinner, the restaurant was still 1/3 empty. . . No idea what was up with their reservation system, as we were told we'd need to wait 3.5 hours for a table at 5PM, got a table via opentable at 6PM and were seated in a half-empty house, and when leaving at 6:45PM, left a restaurant that was 1/3 empty.. . Also, given the pricing (significantly higher than Aria's Todd English P.U.B.), and non-quality of the food, I'm not looking to return on my next venture to Vegas.
Not bad but mediocre. Meat served in my burger was tasty but lukewarm and stuck to the bun. Chips (potatoes) were good and I liked the ketchup but this place didn't live up to all the hype. I appreciated my place setting and napkin more than I did my meal. Gordon Ramsey should spend more time working on his own menu instead of making an ass of himself on T.V. degrading other people.
This place was OK, nothing more. The service was fine and the pricing of the beers wasn't terrible in comparison to other places in Vegas but we paid $55 including tip for 2 bowls of soup and 2 pints of beer. My draft beer also tasted like cardboard. The soup was OK but totally not what I was expecting. My fault for not checking first but the description could use some editing. The free bread came out after we had finished our soups, which made no sense. Oh well, you live and you learn.
It took an hour and a half to get served our entree.  The waiter blamed it on the kitchen getting backed up.  The Cesear's salad had way too much dressing on it and it was soggy.  Must have been sitting in the window for awhile.  The lamb steak just didn't do it for me.  The pistachio and cheese encrusting over-powered the flavor of the lamb.  Not a good combo.. . The bread service was very good.  The best part of the entire meal.
I was very dissapointed with my visit to Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill. The food was just not that great and very over priced. We shared the fish and chips - which was $30... and got three small/thin pieces of fish and just a few chips. Nothing special about these at all. Especially for $30. We also tried to order the pub pretzels and told we couldn't order them until 12:30 (place opened at 11/this was about 11:45) because they make them fresh every day. ?!?! So they don't make food to serve when the place opens? Then.. not ten minutes later (not noon yet)saw an order arrive at another table. We did get the "deviled eggs" which were pretty good and had a drink, which was good as well. Overall, not what I expected. Won't return.
I doubt Ramsay has much to do with this place, other than collecting a check to use his name. . I had cauliflower soup for an app, it was excellent. My wife had sliders and they were nothing special, but not bad. . The shepherds pie my wife had for a main course was fantastic.. I had fish and chips for my main. The fish was cooked well, but was a little bland. The chips were awful undercooked oversized potato wedges. They didn't even taste fried, I think they were baked, and the center was still crunchy. They screwed up the second half of this classic pub dish, that's not acceptable. . My real problem was the service. We sat for around twenty minutes with dirty plates on the table before anyone came by. Our waitress was M.I.A. and the rest of the wait staff was too busy standing around chit chatting to clean off the table, refill our drinks, see if we wanted anything, etc. . The iPad with the drink list was also a little ridiculous. Stop with the stupid trendy crap, this is supposed to be a pub.
Egads this place is a hot mess. The service was atrocious. We waited an hour for the spouse's food and when we asked what the problem was the waiter said he had no clue and the kitchen must have screwed up the order but he'll put it in again as a "rush". No offer to comp the delayed food or even spring for a beer. We cancelled his food asked for the bill and then the douche had the nerve to charge us for the food that never arrived. Oops he said - my bad.  Very disappointed because I love Gordon Ramsay and wanted to love his restaurant.
OMG the napkins... They are so awesome. They look like they were cut from a burlap sack, but they feel like silky heaven. Quite possibly the perfect napkin.. . Unfortunately, that was the best part.. . I went to grab a burger and a beer, something I thought that the "Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill" was perfect for, right? I imagined the chef screaming and belittling his staff until the perfect burger was created. So did the guy next to me.. . Both my burger and my new bar neighbor's patties were grossly overcooked. We both asked for mid-rare and received a grey patty that made my heart sink when I saw it.. . Here's the rub, and I don't mean delicious BBQ seasoning... it took 30 minutes to arrive and it was $20.  Ok, ok, so it's The Vegas Strip, that can explain the exorbitant price, but 30 minutes for an overcooked, boring, bland and disappointing burger doesn't fly in my world no matter the location. . . Save yourself the $20, seriously, Wendy's burgers are better than these.
I came here with high expectations, as this is a Gordon Ramsey restaurant and he seems to talk a big game on those shows especially on Hell's Kitchen. . . I ordered a soup to start then has the fish and chips, the fish was not bad , but may be I am just used to crispy fries "chips" that I really did not like the soggy taste of the chips. For a main course I decided to get the t-bone lamb, why not right?!  Well I got it done medium, as I remember Gordon Ramsey going off one time on Hell's Kitchen about it being better, for him may be. Medium done must mean something different in The UK then it does here as it was not really eatable in my opinion. The meat was really raw in the centre, I could not eat it! . . I really expected so mush more, I thought I would be wowed, I that it was going to be an over the top dinning experience. May be its m fault I came here expecting fire works and I got sparkles at best. The chef my be a celebrity but the food is defiantly not! Gordon Ramsey's restaurant is really not different than any other, I'm going to eat at the Buffet in my hotel tonight - it's really all the same!
Having stayed at The London in NYC and dined both at Gordon Ramsay--which was excellent and at Maize--which was also very good, I was very disappointed with the Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill. From the start, the girl acting as Maitre D could not find the reservation that I had made with her personally the day before. There were a group of female employees--hostesses--I think who spent more time chatting g with each other than assisting guests. Very tasteless.  . . The food was mediocre at best. The Caesar salad was atrocious. My colleague had the flat iron steak which was tough, fatty and "the worst steak he's ever had". I had the shepards pie, which Mr Ramsay has featured on many a special. It was good, but the presentation was mediocre...a crock of Shepard's pie that looks like someone took a crap in a bowel and served it. I had a side salad of weeds, with a tasteless vinaigrette and a few slices of apple. Hardly appealing. I would rate this dining experience 1.5 out of 5 at best. Chef, I am truly disappointed. Perhaps your Hell's Kitchen winner will liven up a rather lousy dining experience.
Meh, not impressed. They where having a corporate event so I had to sit at the bar. No biggie. I ordered a Boddington's and the Shepard's pie. Pie was too salty you could hardly taste the meat. The beer tastes a bit off too. Not how I remember it. The staff are. Decked out in this late 70's punkish type garb. Kinda weird but what ever floats Gordon's boat I guess. . . Bottom line with what 3 Michelin stars after his name I would have expected more.  I also expected a little larger English beer selection. But oh well. . . I won't go out of my way to come back but if I am at Caesar's again. I'll give it another go.
As a big fan of Mr. Ramsay I have rather high expectations which honestly I learned from him.. . My wife and I ordered Sheppard's pie, the mixed skillet with two beers and two cocktails coming to $150 including the tip.. . Sheppard's pie:  You had to do some deep core mining to get past the.                            mashed potatoes and get to the goodies.. . Shrimp Cocktail:  The shrimp were really high quality but the were put.                             into some sort of bland white sauce which reminded .                             me of mayonnaise.. . Mixed Skillet:       The beef had a real good flavor, the pork was a bland.                             piece of meat occupying valuable space on the plate, .                        the prawns were good.. . Service:               Ordinary.. . The experience overall was lackluster so on the following night we . returned to "Steak" for our third time and had Mr. Ramsay's five course. signature dinner which was expensive but the food was amazing along. with the service.. . I am sure Mr. Ramsay will have the short comings at the Pub and Grill. sorted out in short order.
Watching this seasons Hell's Kitchen and realizing that Ramsey made a mistake on the head chef who ever it is. The place is pricy and the food is not good at all. I have been to quite a few pubs and this does not serve real pub food. The only reason it gets 2 stars instead of one is the beer was good but still pricy even at Vegas prices.
The positives- the atmosphere was good and the service was great. My water cup was never empty and I drink a lot of water.. Overall, the food was okay but not worth the price and not what I would expect from an establishment with Gordon Ramsay's name. . . The appetizer sliders were delicious. My entre salad was just lettuce and pears so it was lacking another component- pecans, blue cheese, something! It was disappointing. I would not recommend that item. My husband got the shepherds pie, which again tasted fine just not worth the price and it was smaller than I expected. We shared the toffee dessert which again was good but still average for a dessert. . . We just didn't think it was worth it. We wouldn't go here again. It wasn't bad, except the salad, but we would rather go somewhere else next time.
I went to Gordon Ramsay's Pub with a large group on a weekday night.  The restaurant was partially full but it took almost two hours from the time we ordered to when received our food!  The waiter that was in charge of our party of 18 could not keep up and they asked a waiter with a bad attitude to help with the order taking.  The food was good but not great and we had to endure a long wait and poor service!  My last time at this place!
The food was good, but the drinks sucked. (I just turned 21, all I think about are the drinks) The decor was fun and interesting but the overall atmosphere was really loud being right next tothe casino. I think they were going for a roudy-pub atmosphere, but it was more forced than anything else. . . I really wanted to like this place because Gordon Ramsay is awesome, but I just...didn't.. . Weird note: The outfits for the waiters and waitresses were interesting, however they only worked if the waiter was in shape. The outfits for the men who were overweight was really unflattering.
Sounds like my experience wasn't too far from other people's 2 and 3 star reviews. Had a lamb burger, ice tea, and split a dessert for $30 each. Pricey but typical for Vegas I guess. . . I was seated against the wall in a ridiculously low cushioned bench seat. I'm 6'3" and I can't imagine how awkward it must be for others to have to eat like that. The server was really low on energy, no smiles, just smirks even at my low brow attempts to lighten the mood. She really never did perk up much, I had to continually ask for more ice tea. . . The lamb burger was just ok. Not much, if any, seasoning. The 4 sticks of french fry potato slices were also cute but not very tasty. Dessert was fine, the toffee pudding thing seemed like a safe bet. . . Overall, I don't recommend it and I wouldn't return. We had a much more entertaining dining experience at GrandLux Cafe at The Venetian/Palazzo for half the cost. And that waiter smiled all the time as she kept my iced tea filled to the brim!
Disappointing! My wife and I are big Ramsey fans and we religiously watch Kitchen Nightmares. We've both been to London and love Pub food, so we were very excited to go to the new Ramsey Pub.  . . First, the hostesses quoted an hour and a half wait even though it was off peak Sunday after8, there were six to eight open tables and what appeared to be very few people waiting. They took my contact info and less than 30 minutes later the text came through that our table was ready. The early table was a pleasant surprise but it was obvious they weren't really keen at estimating accurate wait times.. . Our server was friendly but not attentive. There were a number of times we had to wait a while before he returned to our table.. . The Shepard's pie was bland and not very tasty at all.  The portion was very small, which wouldn't be a big deal if they weren't charging nearly $30. It was an entree price with a tapas/small plate portion size. Everything was way overpriced, the side of mushy peas was $11. $11 for a few ounces of mashed peas? And they weren't very good either. . . Overall it wasn't a very positive experience and with Ramsey's name on it you certainly expect more.
No, No, No, say it ain't so! I love Gordon Ramsey.. . This is just based on the service since we didn't even get a chance to try the food.  Walked in for early lunch on Saturday and restaurant wasn't even 1/2 full, yet no one including the hostess can find a table to put us. True we were a party of 9 but still!  The restaurant was HALF empty!!? wtf? And this IS VEGAS! Your whole staff stood there oblivious what to do.  . . Starting to wonder of these celebrity chef restaurants are actually worth the hype?? My impression is just another celebrity making a buck off their current fame.  Very disappointing. . . I'll still watch Hells Kitchen to see who ended up running this place.
Chef Ramsey should give his front of the house the Kitchen Nightmare treatment (one star or less for service). The food was very good (4 stars), enjoyed the dinner overall. Our server was doing his best but looked like he had no support from anyone bussing tables.  What I guess was some type of manager visited a table next to us during our 2 hour dinner literally 15 times - and quickly came by once early in our meal to check in.  Reminded me of some of the shlub managers Ramsey runs in to on Kitchen Nightmares.   Another manager at the hostess station was also a waste - we had 8:30p reservations and arrived promptly, we were asked by three different people why we were waiting - including a manager, who when we said we had reservations asked if they were for 7:45p - presumably to give us grief for showing up late... but then just turned and walked away - rude!!!. . I am a huge fan of Ramsay's TV shows -  so really wanted to like the whole experience, but it just wasn't happening. Luckily we had no specific plans for after dinner, because I never would have thought a pub and grill dinner would take two hours (it should not have - just inefficient).. . Sheppard's Pie and Fish and Chips were very good. Sticky Toffee pudding was outstanding.
Let me start by saying I read the reviews PRIOR go going here.  Overprice - ehh, it's Vegas, and it's Gordon Ramsay, so what.   What was constant in other reviews was the service.  I thought, you know, worth a try, could be start up pains.  Well, WOW.  Very disappointed with the front of the house.  We had reservations, showed up early, and they were clearly confused looking up reservation on the computer and an iPad, so stand to the side.  A manager type (noted as a manager by not wearing the newsprint jumper mini dress all other hostess were wearing) asks "may I help you".  Tell her we were told to wait, she asks for name again, and then with an attitude, tells us, "for 7:45"  (it was 8:25 and we had an 8:30).  I reply 8:30, she walks away without saying a word.   Eventually we're seated, smack in the middle of the dining room that is visible from the casino, good table, near a POS/waiter station.   18 minutes later - yes, eighteen, the waiter comes by, politely greets us, asks about drinks, but we didn't have a drink menu.  He was trying his best, but good service is not solely the poor waiter's responsibility.    . . When we placed our drink order, we placed our entire order (app, 2 entrees).   Bread plates were provided, then breads were brought.  Breads were finished, so empty crock, tray and 2 small bowls for sauces remained on the table.  (did I mention the waiter station/lsland 6 feet from us).. . Our appetizer came, long plate, used our bread plates for serving plates.  Finished, and now all those plates were still at the table.  Our entrees came, after having been walked around to the dining room with the beer barrels (cause I saw the food go by me first, then come back).   Plates were set, we moved our bread plates to the side on top of the appetizer long tray - and there they remained.. . The only redemption was the food was good.  My husband ordered Shepard's Pie, which I wish I would have ordered as it was very good.  I had fish and chips, which, one of my fish got soggy at the bottom, but another was crispy.  I read critiques that the chips weren't authentic - I liked them.  My guess if I had to replicate at home, is that you take 1 potato, make it a thick steak fry - so 1 potato = 1 fry; and they probably use the rest of the sides for the mash, but I liked them.. . There was another manager type, male this time, (manager noted by his not wearing the punk suspender type clothes waiters were wearing) and this guy looked so sleazy .  Sweaty - seriously, like the kind Gordon rips to shred on Kitchen Nightmares.   I actually told my husband it looked like the KN in NY where this godfather type guy wore the trench coat and glasses and they owned a lobster house, and argued with Chef about "maine lobsters".  This guy seriously went to the table behind me, about 12 times.  And please, I'm not knocking appearance, I'm not a barbie type person, but I do expect people regardless of age or size, to look presentable, meaning, clothes fit properly, clothes are clean & neat.   Not sure what the couple did or who they were to warrant attention every 7 minutes, but obviously this clueless manager couldn't turn his back and see a stack of empty plates at our table while we were trying to finish our entrees!. . Almost thru our meal, the waiter came buy, said could I take those plates, since you've been staring at them your entire meal.   Again, he was waiting every table in that dining room, and he was hustling, but no support!  At one point when we finished our meal, he ask someone when he saw us finish, to please bus our table - and he did, about 10 minutes later.. . Never did I think a pub meal would take 2+ hours.  Again, it's Vegas, so yes, it's over priced, but shamefully not worth it.  I won't be back.  The poor front of house isn't a testament to starting pains, it's poor execution and leadership.  I'll keep watching the damn shows though!
As a Vegas local, let me just say that I didn't have huge expectations given this is one of those celebrity restaurants, but I wanted to see how Gordon Ramsay does pub food, so I took my wife for a weekday lunch to this chaos of a place that Caesars Palace is.  . . The decor with high ceilings and kegs stacked up.....meh, it's just alright.  The service was just fine unlike other reviewers' negative experiences, but I find some of these overly chipper servers' rehearsed theatrical presentation of the menu quite annoying.  It's fucking pub food mate..... . The menu was stereotypical pub food, nothing too exciting, but I followed the recommendation from our server and I had lamb burger, medium, and wife had fish and chips.  . . The food was decent, but it tasted just like I would have imagined it would taste like, nothing more, nothing less.  I've had fish and chips in many Irish and Enlish pubs, and this was fairly ordinary, which is OK with me, but $27 for fish and chips?  really?  . . Lamb burger was juicy with good lamb flavor, but not anything I'd crave for anytime in the near future.  . . All in all, I have to say that this place is A-ok.  Would I go back to hellish parking structure of Caesars Palace even if all of us locals know the back way from Dean Martin and pay for food that should cost 1/2 as much?  . . As GR might say...."no focking way"....
We wanted to love it, we really did. Unfortunately we left feeling extremely disappointed. The food was just ok. It tasted good but there wasn't anything over-the-top about it. We would have loved to try the sticky toffee pudding for dessert (mostly to compare it to Bobby Flay's) but our waiter couldn't be bothered to stop by our table. We sat with our silverware on our plates after finishing our entrees for thirteen minutes and eight seconds before the plates were finally cleared away. Yes, we timed it. And then we sat for another eleven minutes and fifty two seconds before the waiter came over to ask if we wanted dessert. Nope, just the check now. Dessert probably would've taken another half hour! . . Each time we've been to Vegas, we choose to stay at Caesar's Palace because the customer service is superb. Mesa Grill, Bacchanal, Homestead, Hyakumi... five-star service. Even Munch Bar had awesome service. Ramsay's just didn't measure up. . . I still love Gordon but I think he needs to start yelling at his front of the house staff ASAP.
Service was excellent! I ordered the duck confit as an app.  Received about 1 tablespoon of duck and a bucket of fries.  VERY disappointing for the price. . . I ordered the  shepherd's pie.  Flavorful, but so dry.  It needed some kind of sauce. My wife ordered the lamb burger.  It was so dry, she dipped it in her ketsup. Side of fries were so hard, had to use knife to cut them. We made this a destination restaurant, and it was bitterly disappointing. Will not try again. Gordon you're building an empire, but it's all in about the quality, and our recent experience at your Pub questions how much you are involved.
We went there for lunch, figured it would be nice to eat in one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants, even if it's a cheaper one (well, not really, let's say cheap for Vegas...). So, right off the bat, looking at the menu, I knew there was noway I was going to pay 27$ for fish and chips. Maybe they're really good, but like most things in Vegas I'm sure they're not worth the price. And the same can be said for most of the menu, like 22$ for bangers and mash or for a chicken pot pie. I don't think so. . . So we went for less expensive items: Deviled eggs, Mac & cheese and Duck confit poutine. The deviled eggs (2) we're tasty, but not worth the 8$. They were my idea; my girlfriend didn't see anything special about them. She enjoyed her mac & cheese but it was too salty. Now the duck confit poutine, oh boy... First off, my poutine had very little of everything, very little duck, very little cheese, and very little sauce in the little cup on the side. So, it's mostly just 12$ for fries with a bit of toppings on them. The fries themselves? Not even very good, a good fry you can taste the potato still, not these. They didn't even seem homemade. . . Mr. Ramsay, if you're going to serve poutine in one of your restaurants, I'd suggest coming here, to Quebec City, and seeing what real poutine is. I can take you to a few dozen places, easily, that serve better poutine, and I'm talking anything from little shacks on the side of the road serving the traditionnal kind, to french bistros with a delicious twist on this classic. In fact, I could take you about an hour and a half outside QC city, to a small roadside restaurant where a culinary trained couple is doing lobster poutine, bison burgers, and more, oh and the best duck confit poutine anywhere. Tons of really good duck, tons of very fresh cheese curds, an amazing sauce and some of the best fries you'll ever eat. And it's definitely less than 12$US. Of course, for us the drive there ends up raising the price of that poutine somewhat, still worth every penny though. Unfortunately I can't say the same about the Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill. I sincerely doubt you can get your money's worth for anything there.
This is really the worst pub I have ever eaten at!  We should have left after looking at the menu, but I figured it really could not be that bad.  WOW was I wrong.. . Fish & Chips; thick soggy batter with white mush inside for fish and Zero flavor.  The chips big huge block like sticks of greasy mush potato.. . Brook Trout; a slab of fish with no flavor and root vegetables that tasted just like dirt.. . So ok maybe the chef had a bad night, like he forgot his seasoning apron.  I could see a off night, but I can't  see horrible service.  Not in Vegas where ever casino has at least three great restaurant and five or so ok ones.  Our waitress or lack of one was awful she literally was never there.  I had to grab someone walking by every time we needed any thing drinks, bread, our order, and check.  Ok all that and a bus boy that spilled twice all over the table.  First time pouring water, he just kept pouring even after he had left the glass.  Second time picking up our plates, spilling what ever buttery watery juice came with the trout all over the table and my iPhone.  Each time he did this he never apologized or said a word.   Guess I can say, just don't go.  Go anywhere else, there are so many options
I went to Ramsay's steak at the Paris for my birthday and we loved it. This time in Vegas we were looking for a light lunch and wanted to try Ramsay's pub and grill. We watch Hells Kitchen so we knew it existed. It is within the Cesar's palace. Nice decor. I ordered a burger, nothing fancy. It took more than one hour for my girlfriend and I to get our food. THe waitress disappeared for more than 45 min, when she finally came back she was worried that we did not get ourfood yet, eventually the manager came to apologize as well and to offer us a round of drink assuring that food was on its way. Another 15-20 min later, we finally got our order, it looked great however my patty was not cooked... simply grilled on the outside and raw on the inside, it was funny to see that considering the show that Gordon puts on in Hells Kitchen over uncooked meat... I mentioned to the waitress and the manager who did not charge us for my dish. They offered to order a new one but at this point the quick lunch turned into a 2 hours bad experience and we wanted to get out. I think the staff handled the situation properly, some might have yelled a little more and maybe ask for more comps... This was certainly a bad experience overall, I am sure however it does not reflect the standards of the restaurant... I hope. but with so many other places in Vegas I doubt I will give it another shot..... I give two stars for the staff's reaction, even slow, at least they tried to do something... and for the beer I was drinking that I thought was great !
One of my nights in Vegas, my wife and i ate at the Pub and Grill. I have to say I was disappointed. The staff was outstanding, super attentive and friendly. The food was just ok. I ordered the Shepard's pie and it was very good, but my wife's short rib and cheek sandwich was very dry and looked like it had been slapped together like a fast food burger. I've eaten at Ramsey Steak and BurGR and I have to say Pub and Grill needs to step it up to match the quality of the other two.
2 stars because the food (once it got there) was delicious.  Had the sliders and the beef cheek stew.  . . Sliders are served with a whipped aioli and were solid juicy sliders. . Beef cheek stew has a decadent jus and the meat was tender as a butcher's heart.  . . HOWEVER!  Service was absolutely atrocious!  Our server was aloof and did next to nothing.  Obviously the busser hadn't been trained either, because as my buddy is chewing a piece of his steak, the busser comes over and asks if he was all through, while there is still meat on his plate too boot.. . Nice beer list and yummy pretzel bread.  I would return and hope for a better service and make a final judgment after that.
Wow. I hope whoever wins Hell's Kitchen hasn't taken over as executive chef of this place yet because that would mean that Ramsay made a bad choice. If what we experienced happened during dinner service on that show, someone would have been kicked out of the kitchen. . . My boyfriend tried to order a beer, but we were told they were out of it and the server couldn't really recommend a comparable choice. So he gave us what felt like 15 minutes to choose another beer and then came back for our order. . . I ordered the chopped salad, Leo got the Shepard's pie and we share the pub chips. Everything was just OK. The chopped salad mentioned wood-grilled chicken, but what I got resembled shredded rotisserie chicken - pretty bland. And then midway through our meal, we got bread service - which made absolutely no sense. . . Leo ordered another beer and after our meal, we asked for the dessert menu. And watched our server schmooze with a larger party for 10 minutes before we could flag him down and ask again. Once we got the menu and picked out a dessert (Sticky Toffee Pudding, which was actually very good), we had to wait until another server tapped ours on the back to let him know we were waiting. . . By the time we finished everything, nearly two hours had passed and the place was pretty much dead. It may have just been because we had a poor server that night, but we would never go back to this place.
Mixed review for me.  The service was great, from the manager Zeus and waiter, Ali to the bartenders.  However the food was nothing exceptional.  Had pub shots (mini hamburgers) for appetizer, grilled asparagus for side dish (grilled well) and filet mixed grill.  The mixed grill wasn't worth the price.  Needed a touch of salt, but for the prices charged, shouldn't need anything.  Though I'll admit the sauces were good.  . . Love the pub crawl.  Not much of a bourbon fan, but the pub crawl could change that.  Excellent drinks.. . Overall a disappointment.  Over priced food, but drinks and service exceptional.  Not a total loss, but definitely room for improvement.  Just need to tweek seasoning.
I was disappointed in this restaurant. I realize that it's pub food, but still. I think that, like everyone has said, Gordon Ramsay needs to come back and whip the ex Hell's Kitchen winner back into shape. . . We made a reservation for 1 pm and we wound up missing one of our people. We told our waiter that we were just going to order/eat without him, and it took so long for him to take our orders. . . My fiance liked the bangers and mash, the fish and chips were a little sour tasting (weird). If you go, you should order the duck poutine, that was the best thing!
Well - I only write reviews in 2 instances:  1. the food and/or experience was totally awesome and would warrant a revisit.  or 2. the complete opposite - the food and/or experience was dismal and disappointing.  Sadly GR Pub and Grill was the latter. . . I am a huge GR fan and was very excited in trying Mr. Ramsay's inspired menu and experience his detail to service. We arrived around 1:15pm for lunch and waited for a few mins while waitstaff cleared a table.  The restaurant was only about 1/4-1/2 full (at best) and yet we still had to wait about 10mins before a waiter poured our water and asked for drink orders.  I ordered a Dark and Stormy and it was waaaay too heavy on the rum and was not served with lime.  To the server's credit - he was very apologetic - rushed to get me a second one.  #2 Dark and stormy was slightly better (less rum)  but still a sub-standard drink which did NOT warrant the $11 price tag.  Again not served with lime - I had to ask for them.  Not.a.great start.  . . So I thought 'ok -we are not here for drinks the food should really speak for itself'. We ordered the deviled eggs per the waiter's suggestion plus I LOVE deviled eggs. I was so psyched to see them on the menu.  I have been known to eat 8-10 in one seating but I digress. With all Mr. Ramsay's emphasis on simplicity - it was lost on this dish.  I thought it was interesting mix of flavors on paper but in reality there was too much going on between the vinegar, bacon and cheese.  Weird texture too with the bits of bacon. The worst was that the egg whites were too firm - like they had been sitting in the fridge for too long or were just pulled out and were not given enough time to soften a little. And the yolks simply did not taste fresh.  Perhaps I have been spoiled by farm fresh eggs.  Nevertheless I was disappointed.  . . Ah but the entree should be better - right?  Nope.  My lamb burger arrived cold.  Cold fries and cold burger. WTF?! Not only did we wait approximately 15-20mins for the entrees to arrive but the my entire meal was cold.  COLD!  Again the waiter was very apologetic and rushed a second burger out to me.  So this one was warmer but sadly it had absolutely No.taste. None. Could not tell it was lamb.  In Mr. Ramsay's words: BLAND!.  It was not seasoned.  I've had better tasting lamb in the local middle eastern restaurant here in Pittsburgh.  I cannot speak to my mother's dish because it contained gluten but she said her heirloom tomato sandwich was quite good.  So there was one bright spot.  Then again she admits that she really does not care about food e.g. tastes, flavors, experience as much as I do.  . . In conclusion, I had very high expectations for Mr. Ramsay's food and restaurant.  For the prices he charges I should have been WOWed.  Instead I left disappointed and very unhappy.  I do have to mention that the watier was thoughtful enough to offer a 20% employee discount which brought our lunch total to $59.02 but still a pricey sum for a sub-standard-will-not-return-to-lunch.  I would not recommend this place.  Sigh.  . . Happy Dining,. KK Teh
Hostess didnt take our name just said come back in 45min because we didn't bring our phone. Came back she forgot said it would be 25 min and we said it was her that didnt take our name and funny enough we got a table immediately. ..Server was rude..got our onion soup before drinks..Soup was lacking any real flavour. Ordered the chicken breast with peas and onions and salami or duck? Something was substituted as we asked about what appeared to be bacon. .Flat iron steak had little flavour the side mustard was good and breadsticks good. Sticky toffee well I've had a lot better for way cheaper.. oh ya .funny enough my food was served on cold plates..practice what you preach.
Sadly, I have to give Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill at Caesars Palace, Las Vegas, a less than stellar review. I can only muster the kindness to give this restaurant two stars.  I must admit, that were my rating based solely on my latest dining experience there, I would give the restaurant three stars, and, had I based my review solely on my first dining experience there, I would have given four stars.  I'm sure that you will ask, "How does the average of 3 and 4 equal two?"  The answer: disappointment.. . This will sound silly, but bear with me.  The reason I returned to P&G after my first visit is also the reason I will not return: potatoes.  Specifically, two potato dishes: the Potato Puree and the Pub Fries.  These were not ordinary mashed potatoes and French fries.  These were a demonstration of what a potato can taste  like if a fine-dining approach is taken when preparing ordinary dishes.  Every now and again you taste a dish and experience it for the first time all over again.  Such was my experience with the fries and mashed potatoes at P&G.  They made me feel that, as a foodstuff, potatoes have much more potential that I had previously imagined.  . . The key to their french fries was the cooking technique: thick-cut potato planks, steamed, then lightly coated in seasoned flour, then deep-fried, then baked.  The result:  a hearty potato plank with a crispy outer crust that created the perfect seal to keep steam inside.  When you cut into them, you discovered a steamy, flaky potato meat.  These fries did not need any condiments whatsoever, and highlighted how good a potato can taste if treated properly . . The mashed potatoes had a beautiful flavor.  The fluffy peaks of this dish were topped off with a drizzle of a chive infused olive oil that exploded in your mouth, filling your entire palette with the aroma of garden-fresh chives.  The key to this explosion was temperature of the potatoes: served piping hot.. . On my second visit, I ordered these two side dishes again.  This time, the Pub Fries were plain, old french fries, and slightly soggy at that.  The mashed potatoes were a salty, gluey concoction that someone had tried to repair by thinning it out with copious amounts of cream and butter.  They were served cold.  . . Other highlights of the evening: arrived at 7:15pm and checked in for my 7:15pm reservation.  The hostess forgot to check me in, and when I made eye-contact with her every time she seated a walk-in customer before me, she quickly looked away and left the podium.  I approached a different hostess and was seated right away.  I ordered the seared scallops: scallops were seared on one side only. They were served in a bland seafood broth, with carrots, and artichoke hearts.  Not flavorful at all.  I ordered an espresso with dessert and it arrived cold.  The chocolate mousse trifle was sensational, though.. . At any rate, I believe that what happened to this restaurant is not  so much carelessness on the part of its founder or staff.  It is a reaction to the caliber of the customer.  I spoke to the manager about the food, and he admitted that they had to change some recipes because their customers did not see the value in waiting extra time for french fries to be cooked three ways or for mashed potatoes to be prepared to order.  So, they have turned from their fine-dining philosophy to a food-mill philosophy: crank out orders.. . And that is where the disappointment lies.  P&G once provided a fine-dining take on British pub fare.  It now caters to the lowest common denominator and provides tourists a place to grab a quick bite and gain some bragging rights: "I went to Vegas and ate at Gordon Ramsay's.  You know?  That guy from TV?". . Sadly, the Gordon Ramsay on TV is no longer anywhere to be found at P&G.  The Gordon Ramsay on TV preaches fine ingredients,  food prepared to perfection, good seasoning, good service, consistency, and, above all, passion and pride.  Where is the pride to be found when you don't stand by your food, and, instead, you cut corners to ramp up production.. . Sorry, that's not fine-dining.  That's a factory.  I'll gladly drop $20 at Applebee's for factory food.  Not $200 at Gordon Ramsay's.
I had high expectations for this place.  Maybe after having dinner at the London restaurant in West Hollywood, I expected more from a Gordon Ramsay restaurant.  We arrived a bit early to our reservation and the hostess treated us as if we had just slapped her mother.  When I sheepishly asked if we could get a drink at the bar while we waited, she flippantly said we could but that she wouldn't be assisting us with a table until our reservation time.  . . So we got a drink.  2 Vodka Red Bulls, 1 Black & Tan, 1 Heineken and 1 Iced Tea...for $60?!?  Regardless, I realized we were going to a well named chef's restaurant and I tend to be prepared for inflation...but that was a rough way to start out.. . Once it was time for our reservation, I went back to the hostess booth and was pleasantly surprised to find someone new.  Fortunately for us, this new girl didn't hate life in the same way and was kind enough to sit our group.. . 3 of our group ordered the Fish & Chips.  1 ordered the scallops and I, in an attempt to try as much as I could, ordered the Filet mixed grill.  As a starter, I ordered the corn soup and my wife the heirloom tomato salad.. . The Starters...incredible.  My soup was fantastic and the tomato salad even better.  We loved the pretzel bread the brought out and all were very excited for our main courses.. . Main courses...mine sucked...well I should say...the fish & chips DIDN'T suck.  My friend's scallops were good, but they were sitting in a bowl of broth.  There really wasn't much to the dish....except a $32 price tag.  Then came my mixed grill.  The shrimp were WAY over cooked.  Rubber Shrimp.  The Steak was cooked nicely and the Pork Belly had great flavor, but under all 3 items was a sauce...all of which were horrible.  The shrimp had a white puree that was completely pointless.  Under the pork belly was a horrible pea green baby food that didn't taste like much but made the food unappetizing.  Lastly under the filet was a poor rendition of a tomato based barbecue type sauce.  On top of it all, when I ordered my meal the server asked "Ok and what side would you like"  which I assumed meant that I was supposed to choose.  I asked him his recommendation and ordered the asparagus.  Not only were they completely boiled and tasteless...they were only there to add $10 (Yes TEN DOLLARS for boiled asparagus.) Brutal.. . All in all, I struggle to not give it 1 star, but the fish & chips were good and the appetizers were nice...so I'll give it 2.  Regardless of how many stars, we will not return to this restaurant.
Easy review: . . Point of view: middle class income..  & Local of the Las Vegas area. . . Pros: . 1. different, not American style food. 2. New experience. 3. Nice theme and set up. 4. Food very hot on arrival. . Cons:. 1. Overpriced . 2. Way overpriced . 3. Portions very small for price. 4. Slow service, waited 20mins to order.. 5. Found bone in meat pie. (Scary,. Easily could of choked, thankfully found it.). 6. Not very well lite, very dark. . 7. Menu to small. 8. Ipad menus would freeze and very slow. . 9. Over priced. 10. Wanted a steak, but it was 69$!!! Nty!!!. . Would I return? No. Would I recommend? No. . I do recommend Gordon Ramsey's Burger @ planet holleywood. Half the price and flavors are amazing!!!!!! And American style food with amazing fresh different ingredients! Well worth it. . . Pub and grill has a long way to go!! Good luck chef.
Food is average, service is slow, way overpriced. Waited 20 minutes to be seated, waited another 15 minutes for anyone to come for a drink order. People that were seated after us had already ordered food, before we even spoke to a waiter.  Burger was average, fries were cold. Fish and chips, fish was overcooked and dry. One piece was so salty, couldn't eat. I have had better food at a fast food joint, and paid ALOT less. It's obvious Ramsay cares only about the money he makes. If this restaurant had to rely on repeat business, it would be closed in a year. Only bright spot was sticky toffee desert.
I had pretty high expectations for my dinner, because my friend who took me just raved about.  Like many other yelpers I read on here, we had to remind the hostess several times we were still waiting for our table even though we had a reservation.  As for the service, our server was a doll, really I liked the guy and he had a great knowledge of the menu, but the restaurantmoved at a glacial pace.  For one it took a long time for them to just take our orders.  As an appetizer I got the shrimp salad, which was very good and came pretty fast.  For dinner I got the Sheppard's Pie, and our entrees took a long long time to arrive, I didn't time it, but it was very obvious.  My pie, was ok, very salty, nothing I would really say wowed me (or was worth the hefty $23 price).  Dessert we had Sticky Toffee pudding, a personal favorite of mine and it was the best part of the meal.  It was very delicious.  . . My husband had the fish and chips, which he liked, but thought was overpriced ($30).  He also had the corn soup, which was very good he said.  . . Overall, I would say go, but expect to be at dinner 2 plus hours, so if you have show tickets or somewhere to be, make an early reservation, because this place is slow.  I also think the prices are a bit hefty for pub grub.  If I went again I would just get an appetizer and dessert, because I found the main dishes disappointing and expensive.
Having been to Vegas many times for business and pleasure, I have had my share of good and bad eats. Reading the reviews - the Fish and Chips are "AMAZING," I am not sure where these people have had fish and chips before, or maybe the Chef forgot to drain the grease from the fish before plating - in any case - not impressed. Two of the Three Filets were a bit overcooked, and the Third Fillet was dripping with grease, which left a pool into my Mushy Peas.. . Service - meh. Typical Vegas, seat you when available, give you a beverage menu, return 10 mins later, take the beverage order, and if you are not ready to order your grub, then be ready to wait at least another 10-20 minutes to order when your beverages arrive. At one point I am pretty sure our Server was too concerned with her co-workers conversations instead of our table with empty glasses and dirty plates.. . Reccomendations if feeling the need to experience - the soft warm pretzel appetizer (best spicy mustard!), and the Pear Cider was a winner too!. . Our Bill for a party of Two (we shared) - Pretzel App, Fish and Chips, and 1 Pear Cider = $52.00. Not worth it.
If you've got money to spend and a less than discriminating palate this is the place for you.  Look, I'm not saying it's bad but for $50 I expect better than bar food.  Just saying.  Fortunately for Gordon Ramsay most people in vegas are traveling on expense accounts.
I expected to love this place. We loved  Burger across the street and Steak at Paris, Very disappointing had lunch with my husband at the bar. New waiter on his first day probably would have been better on his own. The guy training him was offensive.  When I said I did not like their take on the corned beef sandwich in a bowl he said I shouldn't worry about looking pretty while I eat it just dig in there.  high priced as it is and after presenting our Harrahs card still did not get the $4 off a $20 so called corned beef sandwich. Why bother putting the two prices on the menu if they don't understand what it means.  Will not be going back.
We are locals and decided to try the Pub and Grill after having an excellent experience at Gordon Ramsey Steak.. . While the food here was good my steak was perfect the service was HORRIBLE!! Our waiter was slow and did not seem to care at all. We never got the drink menu ipad and when we asked we were told they had beer and wine what did we want.....Really. for 120.00 dollars and being local we can't recommend this place and we are huge fans of Gordon Ramsey. . . They were obviously short staffed but whoever runs this restaurant needs lessons in restaurant 101. Lacking in the basics in terms of service. Very disappointed. Wanted to write directly to the restaurant but it seems there is no way to do so to let them know of the experience.. . They may not think they have to listen to locals but when it is slow tourist season in Vegas they need us and can't ignore the locals or continue with service such as this.
seeing that this place gets 3 stars it's just about right...hopefully the new winner of hells kitchen rights the ship..first the sliders are amazing, everything else we tried was not gordon Ramsey quality...also the waiters need some more training. the real problem is zeus the manager. my waiter honestly made a mistake which happens i understand but it took over an hour to get my lamb chops and when i got them they were over cooked and the plating was awful. when i asked for the manager, this guy zeus comes. i explain to him what has happened, since for a hour no one came to my table, he just took my plate and came back with the bill and DID NOT apologize or anything. the reason this place gets 2 stars is because the sliders were awesome. hospitality management really needs to be replaced. i  expect the same service and food on a Monday that i would get on a Thursday. i watch all his shows and i know for damn sure he would not allow this. Gordon i Hope you read.this review and get rid of zeus. After waiting over a hour for my main course and not getting the right meal all i need is a simple apology which i didn't get. i got treated like my money was worthless here. this was also the 2nd time i went here since the first night on our trip we had a great time. i look forward to hearing back from you guys
My wife and I decided to try out the Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill since we are local fans of his.  We were very pleased with Burgr at the Planet Hollywood and figured we would be equally pleased here.  Overall we really wanted to like the place but were disappointed and will not return, especially after the surreal experience towards the end of our stay.. . We didn't have to wait to long to get in (30 minutes and my wife won some decent coin on the slots beforehand).  Our server was not very knowledgeable about the beer selection or other items on the menu (as we were about to find out).  My wife wanted to get a beer comparable to Stella Artois (something we could justify spending $10 on) but the server could not help us identify a similar beer since we were unfamiliar with some of the brands and figured he was.  We ended up ordering sodas and water instead.  Probably a wise choice considering the cost.. . I ordered the bangers and mash and my wife ordered the onion soup and the mac and cheese.  I enjoyed the sausage links (made in-house) but felt the potatoes were a bit overdone with cream and butter.  My wife liked the onion soup but felt that there was only one tiny slice of french bread on the top and not the normal amount of bread usually served with this soup.  The taste of the mac and cheese was pretty good yet the noodles were very underdone.  They were about 3-4 minutes away from being al dente.  When my wife brought this up to our server (she has professional kitchen and culinary training), he said "yes, the noodles are supposed to be al dente", and that was it.  It was a weird exchange.  It was too bad the noodles were too gummy because the rest of it was pretty tasty.. . I had never had rhubarb before, so my wife ordered the rhubarb cobbler from the menu.  After about 15 minutes, our server came to us and said the item had been 86'd from the menu but they were making some more "downstairs".  My wife (a former employee of Caesars/Harrahs) asked about the other desserts and found that they come from the downstairs bakery that provides pastries for other eateries in the casino.  We were very disappointed with this news.  The desserts might be Ramsay's recipes or they might not be (it wasn't clear to us), but the fact that they were being mass-produced in the downstairs bakery rather than in-house upset us a little.  Nothing against the people who work in the bakery at Caesar's (they make some delicious pastry), but for a fine dining experience you would expect to get your dessert made in house at the prices being charged.  After 15 more minutes they delivered the cobbler, yet the cobbler they delivered was a peach cobbler.  She again notified our server, and this is where it got bizarre.  He argued that it was indeed rhubarb (a different kind of rhubarb at that) mixed with other fruits.  My wife was flabbergasted, as was I.  She knows the difference between a rhubarb and a peach and was offended that our server tried to convince us otherwise.  I have no experience with rhubarb myself, yet I know it is reddish-purple because I see it at the store.  I also know what a peach looks like, and it looked and tasted exactly like the fruit that was in the cobbler.  There wasn't a shred of red or purple anywhere in that cobbler, just straight up yellow.  After we left, I looked up a picture of rhubarb cobbler and it was bright red and purple.  We sent the cobbler back and they did not charge us for it.  Afterwards the manager came to us and apologized for the mix-up, yet still carried the viewpoint that it was a different kind of rhubarb.  I mean, enough already.  It was peach.  End of story.  . . Long story short we wanted to like the place, but were disappointed and slightly offended that they kind of thought we were dum-dums in the great rhubarb/peach debate.  Good thing Gordon Ramsay has a good burger place in town to fall back on.
I'm sorry but I don't know how you won Hell's Kitchen Ja'nel...  I have no issues with price (its Vegas so its priced right) but I have a huge issue with how the food was seasoned. Only thing seasoned properly was the duck confit poutine.  Everything else we got needed salt and acid... Or flavor! Only reason you got 2 stars was because of the good service and the duck. One star for each...
I downloaded the Yelp app just to write this review. Normally I am very easy going and am not motivated to give a place a bad review (this is my first ever in fact), but in this case I feel like Mr. Ramsay has traded on his name as a stickler for quality and there was little to be found here. We've dined at Gordon Ramsay Steak and it was very good so this came as an unwelcome surprise. The staff were generally nice, though they started to flounder when things went south. We ordered a Caesar to start and I must say that was good. However, for our lunch entrees we ordered the Shepherd's Pie and the baked Mac n' Cheese and were very disappointed with both. The shepherd's pie was average at best but barely had any vegetables in it; the Mac n' Cheese was just terrible: bland and undercooked. When my girlfriend said something about it the genius waiter went right into the classic al dente argument - nice. He offered to have it cooked more - baked more? We sent back the Mac and even with that off the bill it came to $50: one Caesar salad to share, an iced tea, a lemonade, and a small, underwhelming shepherd's pie. If that suits you then look no further!
When you are in Vegas eating out is a chance to have a one of a kind experience, which is why my mom, brother, and I chose this place when walking through Caesar's Palace. Well, clearly we should have kept walking. The service was not good, I don't think our waiter smiled once during the entire meal, and didn't offer any suggestions, and it took a for him forever to even come over and take our drink orders when we first arrived. Come to think of it the service was slow the whole night.. . I won't complain about my meal because out of the three it was by far the best. I got the fish and chips and it was really good, and a huge serving. There were three cod fillets and a large helping of fries. The tarter sauce was probably the best I've ever had. That being said my mom ordered the scallops, and the presentation was awful. They brought it out in a large bowl probably three sizes too big for the amount of food that was in it. There were only five scallops sitting in a broth with carrots. No presentation at all, and for the price of that meal with absolutely no side included it was far from worth it.. . My brother ordered the lamb burger and fries, and his serving of fries was about half as much as I got, which was a little confusing. The burger had too many flavors that did not mesh well together. The menu selection didn't offer enough choices in terms of meat, there was only once chicken dish. The drink menu was pretty good, but they were all pretty pricey, and for the amount of wine my mom got in her first glass it was not worth the price at all, I think it counted as "half a glass of wine" so it should have been half the price.. . The interior was very nice and very "British." Our chairs were arm chairs that you would normally think of for a restaurant but they were very comfortable and made waiting for our food relaxing. All in all I wouldn't go back or recommend it to anyone, there are so many better places to eat on the strip.
This place has cool decor but as with all of Vegas, the waitresses are dressed very tacky. The food is mediocre at best and extremely overpriced.. . Go here to say you did and pretend things are great.
Went here to eat on 8-13-13 and the website said business casual dress attire and I guess not everyone read that, people had hats on and tank tops, the waiter we had did not come to the table for 5 minutes and did not bring our drink order at all, good they did not charge us for it. Food was ok not worth the price, so if you want to say you ate at a Gordon Ramsey's restaurant, go but if you do not care do not waste the money, over priced food for the quality.
We were all looking forward to our reservation at the pub.  Cocktail menu is very limited.  I asked about some of the drinks I saw on their website.  The waiter said he didn't know anything about them, but they change their I pad list often."  Not impressed.  We ordered a bottle of wine.  Not once did the waiter come over to refill our glasses.  We had to ask him every time, as he did not leave it at, or near the table for us.  My hubby was looking forward to a nice burger...There is not a burger on the menu.  He goes to London twice a year, and said, there is no pub in London that doesn't have a burger on its menu.  When our meals arrived, we were very very surprised with the small portions.  The shephards pie portion looked like a small appetizer.  The guy that had it, said he had never been to a place where he had to fill up on bread.  The food was tasty, but very over priced for what you get.  The desserts were delicious.  About the only positive thing, all 4 of us had to say about the pub, was the dessert was good.  Service was very poor, and our waiter pretty much ignored us.  The next day, all 4 of us said, we would never go back again.  Very over rated.   I should also mention, we have been to Ramsays burger place in Planet Hollywood, and loved it.  Also to his fine dining steak house in the Paris, and loved it.  But never again to the pub
I am sad to say that our experience here wasn't as pleasant as we had hoped. Our wait time from the time we ordered our food was 50 minutes. Yes, we actually timed it. Our waiter came to tell us that the food would be just a few more minutes at about 30 minutes into the waiting period. We never once heard back from him after that. Once he brought out our food, he just dropped it off and said, 'enjoy.' We clearly needed more water, which never got refilled as we dined. Our server never acknowledge or address the long wait. He also actively avoided us before and after bringing out our entrees. . . We ordered Shepard's Pie, Scottish Salmon, & Rack of Lamb. The lamb was mostly fat and gristle. The Shepard's Pie was good. The Scottish Salmon was good. The bread & cheddar cheese sauce was amazing. . . We would have loved to try the desserts, but we didn't feel like waiting or dealing with the bad service anymore.. . Overall, the service was lacking but the food was okay. The best part was the bread and the Innis & Gunn beer. Unfortunately, I personally wouldn't recommend this restaurant based on our first experience.
Server had the personality of a door nail, rushed us to make an order, described nothing about the drink menu or dessert menu. . Portions are very small. . Drinks were slow to arrive, we finished our meal and our round of drinks arrived in team for us to leave. . Go to BURGR instead, cheaper and much better environment all around
My girlfriend and I were there a few weeks ago. The server seemed mad that she had to serve us. The portions of food were small and pricey. . . There are so many choices in Las Vegas, I would say we will not be going back.. . His steak house at The Paris is pretty good. Give that a try.
Sorry Gordon but English pub food is for wankers. You don't serve Breakfast and the music is too loud for a Sunday at noon. Get rid of those high top tables also in front or tell your hostess not to seat people there that early in the day.  The lamb burger is a big gooey mess with that goat cheese. Your fries could be a little more crispy too .
Should have checked yelp before going! Horrible service. We waited a good 20 minutes before anyone came to greed us. 30 more seconds and I was ready to walk out - wish I kinda wish I had. Again took the server forever to bring our drinks. Didn't even bring the basket of bread until AFTER our main entree already came (although the bread tasted good, unfortunately it was too late for it). I had a salad which was ok. My fiance had the burger which he said "sucked". His entree plate had a little container that was supposed to have ketchup in it but it was empty. Took them another 5 mins to bring that out... Just not what you are looking for sitting at a restaurant. You want to relax and have a good time. Not spend the entire night waiting on your service. I could tell the people sitting at table next to us were having the same issues - their eyes were wondering around looking for the waiters. When the check came, we didn't bother paying by card, just left some cash and got out! Disappointed.
This restaurant wasn't what we thought. It took 25 minutes to get at table when we had a reservation. Then it took 20 minutes to be greeted by our waiter and once our order was in, we didn't get our food for an hour and a half!" What  is this?! The hostesses were asked to get the manager so we could notify them of the bad service and we were brushed off and the hostesses were snotty and bitchy!!! Not great experience to say the least and they didn't want to care or hear our concerns.   NOT WORTH IT!
Not very impressive overall. . . I'm a local and had high expectations for dinner. Made a 5:15 reservation to give me ample time to make a 7:30 Jerry Seinfeld show. . . Was promptly seated and had our drunk order taken, but we didn't see the waiter for 15 or so minutes. . . We each ordered salad and an entree. It's a good thing I enjoy taking with my girlfriend, because by the time the salad came, I had completely forgotten we ordered them. . . Dinner came about 6:30 and was ok. We both ordered the same thing, a small fillet, piece of pork belly, and a couple shrimp. The fillet was cooked perfectly, but the other two items were over cooked at dry. . . The manager came over to offer a free dessert for the long wait, which was appreciated. The bill came and the $11 charge was there. The show read starting and I didn't push the issue.. . I can go to Flemings, spend 2/3rds the money, and get a perfectly cooked meal. I realize we're paying for his name, but I don't think our meals would have make it out of the kitchen on Hell's Kitchen..... . They're plenty busy with the constant traffic in the hotel, but.....
A lot of pomp and circumstance when you walk in.  The staff wear ridiculous outfits and the restaurant has been overdone.  I would have preferred that the time and energy be spent more on the food.  I ordered the a bloody Mary and the pub burger.  The bloody Mary was very good, I will say.  Had a unique flavor and was worth the $10.  For lunch I had the Pub Burger, I ordered it rare and it came well done and was extremely dry and salty.  And if you are a bigger person, the burger is small.  (Worked out for me, but smaller than one would expect for $20).  The fries that came with it were very good, had shavings of cheese on them, I mostly ate the fries and the burger was not so good.  This place was not horrible, but for Vegas, you expect exceptional food, this was not exceptional.  I will say the staff was very nice.. . I think Gordon needs to spend some time yelling at himself for putting his name on this place.  I will not go back...maybe for the bloody Mary, but not for the food.
If you're a well known chef, why would you ever put your name on a less than average place? I would have to say that Gordon Ramsay is hyped up way too much. From the outside it looks like a hip restaurant. I would describe it as an upscale pub.. . ===Service===. . The service here was extremely slow. Our waiter took at least 10 minutes just to come and take our order. It took an additional 35 minutes just to get our food. I understand the place is pretty busy, but they should already know the place will be packed on a Saturday night and have the correct amount of staff on hand. . . ===Food===. . Complimentary bread and pretzels: The pretzels were in the shape of a breadstick, but they were perfectly chewy and soft. They serve the pretzel with a mustard cheese sauce and regular butter. I'd recommend going with the cheese sauce. The other bread that they served seemed to be some type of wheat bread with toasted seeds on top. Definitely not as good as the pretzels.. . Braised beef cheek: Served with mashed potatoes and broccoli rabe. This dish was very disappointing. The beef cheek itself didn't taste fresh. Think of when a fatty beef dish gets cold. You get that layer of oily white fat. It tasted and felt like that in my mouth which is not appetizing at all. Also the gravy was pretty bland. Not worth the $28. 2/5. . Pan seared diver scallops: Braised artichokes, baby carrots, pearl onions in a white wine garlic broth. They give 4 scallops in this dish. It's not very filling at all since they don't give any type of carb with this dish. It could definitely use some risotto, mashed potatoes, pasta or anything that's a carb! $32. 2.5 stars. . Overall, I was sadly disappointed with this Gordon Ramsay location. The service was poor and the food was boring. I personally wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone that I know.
I really Was surprised first with the food and Second the Service.. The Food was the Minimum level,you know when  you go to Try a big name like that and Specially a Big Chef like Ramsay you will be waiting for something very Special from the taste of the Food and different choise of food on the Menu but the  food with this Place it was Really Really okay..... The Service wassssss the Bigest Problem,i'm gonna Keep it like that.. I can just tell you about the Service that i Refused to leave tip for the Waiter....
This was an average meal. We went on a Saturday without reservations and had an hour or so wait. They did have a nice bar to wait and a good selection of beers. I had the scallops. The dish lacked taste and creativity. One of my friends had  over cooked lamb and the other the sliders. I have to say the sliders were the best thing we ordered on the table. I would go back for an appy and a beer but would steer clear of the main dishes.
I am only giving this two stars because the waiter was great. The food was ok, but generally bland and VERY overpriced. My wife got a salad with grilled chicken ($25) and the chicken was cold, left over chicken. The drinks were tiny. Overall, we just felt screwed. We planned to go to his other restaurants during the week, but after this was went elsewhere. I wouldn't waste your money like we did
Seriously overpriced. I had the veal chop which was good, but Capitol Grille charges less. My dinner partner had the Shepard's pie which had a muttony taste. I didn't care for it.. . Our waiter was a bit of a retard. First he forgot to bring a Pepsi which we needed to fix the horrendous Long Island iced tea we made the mistake of ordering. Then he told us the fountain drinks were completely out. . . He spent more time gossiping in the back of the store, and not enough time watching the levels.. . Really can't recommend this place.
Waited over 30 minutes for our food... Fish and chips, lamb chops and lamb shank were ok. Scallops had no particular flavor. They were just salty. Accompaniments were less than desirable. Waiter was busy flirting with two ladies sitting at the next table. He stopped by once to check on us when we were nearly done eating. Don't come here if you want service. Trying to get someone to take our credit card so that we can pay and get out of here...
My boss took me here for a really belated birthday lunch. I wasn't really sure if I wanted to eat here due to being overpriced and mediocre reviews, but I figured we should at least give it a chance.. . For appetizer we got deviled eggs which were really good.. . I got the Shepard's Pie. It was so bland. I was rather disappointed with that.. . My boss got a sandwich that was essentially two giant pieces of bruschetta. She didn't enjoy that.. . My coworkers got fish and chips and the beef burger. You would think the burger would be just as good as the burgers at Burgr, but it wasn't. . . The service was ridiculously bad. We asked for ketchup and salt, waited forever, finally was able to flag down the waiter again and he said yeah, I'm working on it. Who says that and why would it take so long to get ketchup and salt?? Everyone was trying to eat slow, waiting for the condiments.... . The desert was amazing though. I got the Potted Triple Chocolate Trifle. If I were to go back here, I would just order that desert. And maybe the deviled eggs.
Truly disappointed!!! Got the Scotch Egg. Very plain. Ale Onion Soup, plain. We waited with each item coming out. Over an hour after we sat we finally got our meal. I got the lamb rack -asked for medium, came out rare - no seasons. I had to add salt and pepper. The baby carrots were good and seasoned well and the mac'n cheese was good.. I told them 3 times it was my husbands birthday. The waiter came over after we ate and delivery of the check with all kinds of small talk....I plan to never eat here again...
We should have got the shepard's pie, I think it would have been much better than the basic burger we split.  There was a legit gray hair in my ketchup too, so not cool!  I may have asked for a replacement, but as usual, my fiance grabbed the hair out of my dip and threw it on the ground, then deemed the ketchup good to go (he did this once before when I found a huge black fly on my pizza).  The service was good and the burger was not bad, but it was nothing special!!  Next time, we will go straight to Burgr and skip this place entirely.
Well, I have learned a few things from watching Gordon's reality TV shows... When foodcomes out within 5 minutes, that should be a red flag. Also, serving frozen, not fresh or per cooked food is also a no-no. I paid $ 70 for shepherd's, fish and chips, and one drink. And I hate to say it came out within 5 minutes. The food beat the drink to the table. The drink was delicious and very freshly made. The service was impeccable. My girlfriend's fish had bones in it and it tasted frozen. The fries also tasted frozen. My Shepherd's pie was OK but could of been better. My expectations were very high and I am quite disappointed.
For drinks and snacks while watching a game ok. For a real meal, find any of the 1000 other places on the strip to try. . . Service was slow and lackluster. Knowledge of the menu was way below par for a restaurant with this claimed pedigree.  Bottom line, trying to do upscale British food is a lose, lose.  Shepard's Pie was bland and about half way though butcher paper was found nestled in  with the plain mash potatoes which topped this wreck.  . . . Stick to beer and fish sticks. You would be better off with that.   They really don't do much well for the price.
I wish we would have gotten to try it! No service was given for a good 20 minutes...and then the server helped the table next to us that was seated after us! We had to cut our losses and check out Mesa Grill across the casino floor! I'll never understand why these restaurants have 4 hostesses at the hostess stand and people aren't getting service!!!. . The menu wasn't that tempting anyways and the items that I looked up online and on yelp that I was looking forward to weren't even on the menu ;( . . Maybe next time Gordon... I really want to try Gordon Ramsay Steak though!
Probably the biggest disappointment I have had in Vegas. I have been to other restaurants from Gordon Ramsey and have enjoyed them. This one was a fail on most levels.. . I found the food to be pretty crappy. Not good flavor profiles at all. All my food was even bland at times. I tried nearly everything that our table of 6 got. Nothing really wowed me.. . The service was slow. Not very attentive.. . There were 2 positive notes. The sticky toffee pudding (which is one of my favs) was really excellent. I would go back only for desert just for that. I also like the sound track of British music playing.. . Aside from that, I think Mr. Ramsey should take a page from some of his own TV shows and go in there and cuss people out for failing to run a good restaurant.  Whoever is in charge there needs a good yelling at.
This is the second time my girlfriend and I go here. What a huge disappointment. We got the onion soup and a salad. The onion soup was bland and the salad was soaked in dressing. Very disappointed, because the same salad and soup were so good the last time we were here six months ago. . . The waiter seemed like he was more interested in the game on the tv's than waiting tables. The other two times we ate here were amazing. From seeing other reviews, it seems this place is going downhill. What a shame. This was such a great place.. . The two stars are because the place was very clean.
Food was good but I was quite surprised when my Gin Martini got delivered and the lemon twist floating in it still had the sticker from the grocery store/orchard...clearly the bartender that peeled the twist and rimmed the glass with it, as well as the server that brought it didn't think twice about the fact that there was blatantly a large sticker that said, "Sunkist" floating in the drink as well
This tells me everything I need to know about this restaurant.  I asked the waitress for a recommendation, and she said:. . "Oh I don't eat here!  I can't afford it!". . The staff at the restaurant doesn't even get to sample the food so they know what to recommend to the customers?  I've heard TV Gordon fly off the handle about much less.  At the very least they could give a reasonable staff discount so that customers looking for an opinion about the specialty of the house could get one from the "presumed" expert who is standing at their table.. . My burger was fine.  Everything with Gordon is a "stunning" hamburger.  Mine was good....  Not great....  I wasn't stunned.. . Fries were good.. . Ketchup was probably the best part of the meal.... honestly.  In fairness it was pretty special ketchup though.. . For the price and the ego, I was hoping for stunning.  I got mediocre.
It's hard to believe this place is run by the same guy who screams bloody murder when his "TV chefs" don't get it right. We arrived for lunch and (even though the restaurant was only about 1/3 full) were told it would be a 30 min wait for a table. Huh? We decided to sit at the bar which was packed. We watched as arriving diners were told there was a wait for a table even though the tables near us never filled up. While we waited for our food we asked a waitress why we were told the wait was 30 min when there were so many empty tables that didn't fill up while we were there. . She said they (not sure who that is) tries to "stagger" the diners so the kitchen doesn't get overwhelmed. She said she hates it because she doesn't make any money off empty tables. I told her I had a hard time believing a decision like that is left to two very young girls pretending to be hostesses and that a kitchen in Vegas run by a world famous chef can't handle a full dining room. CRAZY!. Gordon! Don't be a donkey! If you're going to put your name on a restaurant make sure it embodies your customer satisfaction philosophy. Judging by the reviews this place is not doing that. . BTW The food was just "ok".
Very unimpressive. Dinner time and not overly busy. Seated promptly. Waiter 1 arrived with menus. We were in the bar and a guy was eating a burger. We read menu.... pork, veal, lamb, pork, pork ... duck. No burger. Waiter 2 comes by and we ask about burger and part of lunch menu. We can order but will take 30 minutes or more to get them since prep staff not present. 2 of 4 of us order burgers, 1 gets hanger steak and 1 gets fish and chips. We have empty drinks and not asked about refills. Ordered drinks with waiter 1 and drinks no show. Order drinks with waiter 2 and get 10 minutes later. When waiter 2 returns with the burgers but no hanger steak or fish and chips. Then drinks arrive from waiter 2, as we watched our drinks from waiter 1 sit on the bar for 30 minutes. Waiter 1 starts to deliver our drinks 5 minutes later and does an about face before arriving at our table when he sees the drinks on the table. But no one asks the other guys in our party if they want refills. I started this review on my Smart Phone which I had for a week and wasn't used to typing on it and now I am finishing it up a month and half later. But the upshot was it was one of the most unusual and memorable (not in a good way) dining experiences I ever had. I thought of filling out a card for management as I left, but I couldn't find one. I asked the hostess and she looked at me like I had 3 heads and a tail.
So going into a restaurant with Gordon Ramswey's name on it, I wonder what he would do if this was a place on his famed Kitchen Nightmares. . . First off, let me say the food was good. the only problem I had with the food is that it's very overpriced. I should've gotten a much better meal for what I was shelling out. And the decor and service left something to be desired. I asked for my drink to be served with my meal, and my meal arrived ten minutes before my drink, and I couldn't catch anyone to help me out, to the point where I didn't bother asking for salt, because I didn't want to go through the hassle of trying to grab someone to bring me something that should've been on my table in the first place.. . Which brings me to the table: I was seated in an oversized barstool, a ridiculous piece of furniture for even a pub/restaurant, making me wonder if Ramsey really did have anything whatsoever to do with setting up this restaurant.. . If you're in Caesar's, don't bother with this place. Go to the Cheescake Factory instead. Better service and much more reasonably priced. And there's already salt on the table!. . Ramsey, put this restaurant on your list for you own show!
They get a half start for their beer selection.  Ordered the onion soup and it was a flavorless broth with untrusted bread and an enormous flop of cheese that was like bubble gum   The truffle Mac & Chee had overcooked pasta and the small amount of actual truffles were overpowered by the chemical truffle oil.
I requested an intimate table for two months in advance and we were seated at a four top near the casino floor despite there being far nicer tables open.  As we were so close to the casino floor we were bombarded by not only the sights and sounds of the casino, but the cigarette smoke as well. Then, one of the servers spilled water all over our table and never bothered to wipe it up, leaving our placemats and flatware in a puddle.  And they served our entrees less than 5 minutes after they served our appetizers which was not only unprofessional, but just downright rude.. . My Husband's Toad in Hole was tasty, and they cooked his steak rare, just like he requested, but the British Ale and Onion Soup was just so-so, and my Shepherd's Pie lacked seasoning.  Seriously, just a bit of salt and pepper would have been nice.  You'd think lack of seasoning would not be an issue at a Gordon Ramsey Restaurant! The only saving grave was the delicious cocktails and the Sticky Toffee Pudding.  I'd say go for drinks and dessert, skip the dinner, especially for the price!  . . I've now been to all 3 of Ramsay's Vegas establishments and would recommend Steak and Burgr hands down above this one.  I'm surprised they hail it as Gordon's hang out when he's in Vegas, because we found it.. well.. disappointing.
GR Pub & Grill in a nutshell:. . Food - Awesome...and by awesome I do mean awesome, we were a table of 4 and all sort of shared each others entrees.  Highlights were the scallops and as crazy as it sounds the spinach side (forget the name, but its ridiculous). As for the rest of it.... Service - pretty Awful (slow, inattentive, and gave off a couldn't care less vibe) Atmosphere - Good, Prices - Fairly Steep (but then again Vegas is kinda pricey these days) we hit Vegas every year and always take a lap or three through Caesar's even when we aren't staying there, but I can say that we probably won't be hitting this Pub again when we're back in town.
I can't believe this place has Gordon Ramsay's name on it - the perfectionist who gives his staff hell if the littlest thing is off??. . The menu is very meh, but maybe that's british fare for you. There weren't as many of pub food choices that were sharable than I would have liked, and cheaper and smaller glasses of wine would have been appreciated. The quality of the "bait" was very poor.. . Just overall a huge disappointment.
Seriously disappointed.  First off, we went during lunch - 1:00pm- they seated us promptly and wait staff was pleasant and timely.  However, we went to order, they informed us they were out of beef.  Beef?  Seriously at 1:00?  They weren't  busy, I see why now.  Then we order beer, it is a pub after all, and they have not beer glasses?  What?  The dishwasher broke?  After a mediocre meal, with high strip prices, I must say, I don't think we will be dining here again....
First up i want to say that everyone that knows me knows that i am n love with Gordon Ramsay, with that said here we go. We go to Vegas every month been trying to decide between his steakhouse, burger or pub. We figured we would do the in between so went with the pub. Just went Dec. 23rd so it wasnt crowded at all. Got seated immediately. First up the tables r too low seats very  uncomfortable. Our waitress took forever just to come over and take our drink order which was just 2 sodas. Very small menu so that made our choices pretty easy. Now mind u its 7:30pm i havent eaten since breakfast bcuz i wanted to make sure i would b able to eat my meal and end it with a great dessert.. . Me: Had to go with the fish & chips of course bcuz thats all Gordon talks about, with a very heavy heart i must say i was not I'm. pressed a matter of fact i was disappointed none of the dishes were flavorful. The only difference btween this fish & chips and HSalt fish & chips was it wasnt as greasy.Thank God they give u such big potatoe slices bcuz the fish pieces were small.. . My daughter: shepards pie n this tiny bowl, which she had to salt and pepper, but she did love it.. . My other daughter: braised lamb shank: shallow.  bowl/plate the lamb was very tender. . . Maybe if the meals came with a soup or salad or if they had some bread or something on the table u wouldnt realize how long it takes the food to come out. Once again we do splurge every few months on a fancy place and i dont mind if the total experience makes me say i cant wait to come back here, that didnt happen.This meal set us back $105.00 and just was very average. We went to the Chocolate Box and had some delicious dessert.. . Now, i wont b back here to eat but i will at least try his other spots.
We actually thought it was pretty hilarious.. the soup we ordered was served first (butternut for me.. french onion for him) and it was fine..not fabulous but good and we were hopeful. Then came the pork .. considering the way Mr. Ramsay goes on and on, screaming and yelling at people about their ineptness in the kitchen it was downright funny. This meat was hard as a rock and completely inedible.  In the waiter's defense I did see him show this meat to the manager..stabbing at it as if to say ...see? and  no they didn't attempt to charge us for it.. they offered to make more but we were leery so alas we left  with our appetites only whetted. Kind of fun atmosphere, and nice waiter.. but oh Gordon how can you justify being so rude when your own cooks don't have it together?
We recently visited Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill in Caesar's Palace, Las Vegas for the first time. We had been to his restaurant in the Paris Hotel the year before and absolutely loved it. . . The was good, however there were some issues with the service which is why my rating is low. We were sitting towards more towards the outside of the restaurant, closest to the interior of the casino. During our dinner, a holiday giveaway was going on inside of the Casino and crowds started to appear right by the restaurant. At one point, people's behinds were practically in our faces! Also, people were coming into the restaurant and started crowding us as well. I could barely enjoy my food as this was annoying and none of the staff said anything or did anything about it. I heard another woman behind us complain but apparently nothing was done about it.. . As stated, the food was good, but the entire experience was ruined as a result of this "crowding." Hopefully, in the future, the staff will address this type of situation so as not to ruin the dining experience.
