What a dump!   Granted I went here in the daytime, but after having strolled the south strip this place seemed like a cheap tacky relic of history.  I think there were equal numbers of homeless vagrants and tourists--one had bubblewrap and tin foild wrapped around his head.  A sad looking spongebob character strolled around talking to the old hippies while girls in ugly mermaid suits looked bored and listless.  Bunch of shops selling crap and old casinos that did not seem to appeal at all from the outside except for the historical value and the old signs.  Made for some nice pictures but I don't see how this is exciting unless perhaps I came back at a more hopping time.
I just didn't see all the glitz it was hyped up to be. I mean it wasn't a horrible experence but I have come across much better ways to spend time in Vegas.
I've taken several trips to Las Vegas since I turned 21. I finally found my way downtown on my last trip, with a skeptical husband in tow.. . I should've known something was up when our cab driver told us to get out of there before 1AM. Apparently, that's when the Experience ends, the hotels' security goes home, and it gets dangerous on the streets.. . When we got there, the light shows hadn't started yet. I didn't care. I wanted to run back to the Strip. There were lots and lots of seedy folks outside, many of whom were staring at all the passersby. Even though it was still light out, and I had a large male by my side, I felt myself tensing up and clutching my purse a little tighter. Did I mention that I'm an urban girl who's used to seedy areas, including downtown Reno? Yeah, this was not good.. . We walked around the area, popped into the Golden Nugget (that in itself seemed kinda cool), stopped at Fremont for Dunkin Donuts (separate review), went back to the Nugget, grabbed a cab, and got the hell out. The light show wasn't worth waiting for.
Well, once in a lifetime is enough for this I think. I have been there multiple times when friends and family come to visit and am disappointed each time. If you are under 21 they do not even let you come into some of the hotels, not even to get advertised food specials or use the restroom! Not that I would eat the food that came out of any of those hotels but just a heads up! Everything is overpriced, but not as much as the strip. You can get bottle Corona for $2 at some bars which is a deal I have to admit compared to the $9 beers on the strip.. . The whole street is filled with kiosks selling shirts and other little things, nothing too exciting except for one that does spray paint art in layers live, which is really cool but it draws a big crowd of rude tourists so it's not a place to be for any amount of time. There are also impersonators (some good some should rethink their costume) that will take a picture with you for a "mandatory donation." I have never done the zip line but it is quite spendy for just going over a bunch of people, not that good of a view! . . The overhead lights is the ONLY reason this dump gets 2 stars, I have to admit that it is pretty cool and I have never had a visitor say that they didn't like it. It is short though but what can you say, it's free which isn't a common price in Vegas.. . Beware if you go, this is where the transients, pimps, prostitutes and loonies hang out! If you like people watching in it's craziest it is entertaining but don't go down a back ally. It is near the Greyhound station as well as the slum of Vegas and the homeless shelter. Not a good area to be in at night! Also getting to the highway is an ABSOLUTE nightmare. They have no signs and they expect you to remember random almost ally streets to find it.
Unfortunately, I'm too young to remember Fremont Street when it was still in the raw. I look at all of the great old neon signage here, now protected forever by a steel and LED canopy and feel very conflicted. While I'd rather see things the way they used to be, I know in my heart that many of these casinos might not have survived the last couple economic downturns if it weren't for the Disney-fication of the district. I still enjoy heading 'downtown' to visit some of the few remaining classic casino floors and love the 'real people' you get to see here. But the ziplining among the sea of celebrity impersonators andteenage kids makes me wish I could simply pass from one casino to the other without needing the ever-so-slight buzzkill of walking outside.. . That said,  the light show was pretty cool the first time I saw it.
It's not quite the experience I was hoping for. It was a psychedelic frenzy of lights enjoyed by those who are rolling. I didn't care for it and won't care to find my way through a bunch of weirdos dressed in their Halloween costumes
As a frequent gambler on  the Vegas Strip, I figured I'd make my way down to Fremont Street to experience the Old Vegas, Classic Vegas, whatever you want to call it, to see the older casinos.. . It was nice to gamble in the casinos and walk around, and maybe I'm just used to the strip and how things are over there, but I prefer the new school look.. . I like roulette a lot, and not many tables had the automatic chip counter. It slows the game down, (at least it keeps money in your pockets longer). I am by no means a high roller, so when some bets that I make in the newer casinos are over the limit in the old ones, I know their is some sort of problem.. . Ziplining. Sounded like a cool idea. But for what the ride actually was to the $20 price, not really worth it. I could say I did it and that's about it.. . Overall, it was basically what I Expected. I figured it wouldnt be as impressive ortrendy as the strip, and it wasn't. So it should be a 3 star, but the over priced ziplining bumps it down to 2 for me. It wasn't a bad experience, just Meh.
Rough crowd to say the least.
Fremont Street seems like a place the "kids" might enjoy.. Not really much going on that's actually cool. Just a lit/screen roof, ziplining, music, and stores/casinos along both sides of the street. Maybe my expectations were too high (although I'm not too sure what exactly I had expected to see), but it wasn't really much of an "experience", you can pretty much see everything there is to see in about 30 minutes.. . After walking through Fremont Street, you should head to the downtown area bars which are, unlike Fremont, really cool. I LOVE Insert Coin(s)!
Very disappointed, and quite frightened, This was like being in the "ghetto" section of Las Vegas. Their were crack heads and other types begging for money.  You definitely needed to look over your shoulder. We were there in the daytime so maybe it's different at night but I would not go back on my next trip to Las Vegas, that's for sure. Even the casinos are dark and dingy, not exciting or appealing at all.
Cheap booze and food plus zip lining, but is it worth the possibility of not getting out alive? I think not. Very sketchy. Don't forget to bring your bodyguard and leave all valuables at home yikes. Fried twinkies and 99 cent shrimp cocktails are definitely not worth the trip.
Don't go here unless you want to get stabbed. . . I promised myself I would make it out to Fremont Street this trip to Vegas, and I did. Now I never have to go back again. . . This place is just super ghetto. We got there around 10 p.m. on a Thursday, and the crowd there was pretty rough - and I'm from Chicago! There were a lot of crackhead-looking people. People missing teeth. There even seemed to be some gang activity. Maybe if we had gotten there around 7 or 8, it would have been a better crowd. I'm not sure.. . We got some drinks (the drinks are cheaper here than on the strip) and started walking around. My husband accidentally knocked over some crackhead's drink, which was just a plastic cup of water sitting on the ground, and then the crackhead started shouting, "Who knocked my drink over? There was alcohol in there! Somebody has to buy me my drink they knocked over!" Luckily, we were able to escape before he realized that it was my husband who knocked it over, but it was still kind of scary. . . Later on, we saw a group of guys rip their shirts off and jump this guy. I really don't know what was going on, but I thought they were maybe in a gang - or at least a gang of crackheads. It seemed drug-related. . . By this point, I really felt uncomfortable, like I was going to get shanked or something. The strip has its fair share of crackheads, but Fremont Street seems to be a haven for crackheads. Not my cup of tea. . . I'm giving it two stars only because the light show was pretty cool. Everything else, not so much!
Glad I went there just so I can say I was there.  The light show was disappointing tho still kinda interesting but the accompanying music I enjoyed.  The atmosphere was kinda cheap and sleazy. There are definitely sights to see but did I really want to see them.
Fremont Street.  Ohhhh my.  . . I was;. . 1.  Impressed at the distress.. 2.  Thankful for the copious amounts of uniformed police presence.. 3.  Wondering why I got in a cab and came to this side of town.. . Next time, I bring my lightsaber and a few Jedi friends.  Cause damn.. . Oh and, seriously people....do not bring your kids to this.  Leave them at home.  Strollers and alcohol just seem too Judge Judy.
This place is overrated. There is rarely anything neat going on. Dancing hookers on table tops, crappy music, or just nothing at all happening. They do have a nice selection of stores carrying Las Vegas themed merchandise, but its broadly all the same. Its always crowded here too. Its kinda like a big welcome center withot the welcome lol...
FSE is tough to review because there are so many things going on. As a destination it's a bit of a dud. As a part of the Vegas experience it may be worth seeing.. . First, the crowd and establishments are a notch lower than the Strip. You might say more egalitarian. I just thought it was a little ghetto. I don't think it's for kids though I saw plenty. The same type of parents who bring their kids to see Scary Movie. That said, there are some venerable places there, including the Golden Nugget, the Golden Gate, and Binion's. The history of Vegas can't be told without talking about them. . . Second, FSE is mainly about this light show they display on this roof running several blocks down Fremont. Pretty darn big but not terribly interesting. They do have a zipline however, which was interesting to watch and probably fun to ride. Costs $15 or $20 after 8 pm.. . Third,there are other generally interesting things to see. Some historic neon signs including the Pioneer cowboy and Aladdin's lamp from the original Aladdin Hotel. You might see a stroke in progress at Heart Attack Grill. Plus, how often do you see a million bucks in cash?  You can at Binion's. . . Check it out for the experience then don't come back.
I went to see the waving cowboy the one in the opening seen the the old TV show "Vegas" I think its Seen better days. It has some old Vegas Charm but its Ghetto. Note to city of Vegas if don't want this place to totally die get one of those monorails to DT! Maybe better at night ill try to give it another chance.
Last week was my first time in Las Vegas and my friend decided to take me to the Fremont Street Experience. It was cool but I rather stay on The Strip.  Wasn't my type of scene and we ate at the Tony Roma's and the food was horrible.  The only thing I like about Fremont Street was the zipline.  Some of the people there was creepy and scary.  Never again....
I wish we would have come down to Freemont before the end of our trip. We went on our last day in Vegas. Everything was almost half as cheap as the strip, and better drinks. The ziplines were cool. We did this during an afternoon, not really my crowd- older and weird people lol. But there were a lot of bars and lounges that I could tell are probably nice at night. Not as pretentious as the spots on the strip where we were staying. Next time in Vegas, we will set aside a night to check out some of the bars and clubs on Freemont. Oh I did get a cool henna tattoo on my face, a la Hangover style.
My boyfriend debated about going here during our vacation and eventually made our way there out of boredom on our last night in LV. Small preamble: we are not drinkers at all and as a result do not enjoy terrible bar bands or drink tickets being shoved in our face by strangers, so if you enjoy those things my review may not reflect your experience.. . The first thing I noticed was that there was, in essence, a very expensive screensaver being displayed on the canopy, so that was underwhelming right away. Basically a low-definition looping series of ads. After walking a little bit I had been nearly trampled a dozen times by large groups of sloppy drunks; it was like 8:30, by the way. We walked still farther and passed by two separate bands playing Journey and Guns n Roses covers and their middle-aged drunken audience dancing awkwardly and swinging their drinks in people's faces in the middle of the walkway. After that we only walked far enough to get decent photos of the cowboy/cowgirl neon signs and left.. . Increased review from 1 star to 2 stars because the bus ride back and forth was interesting, and the hooker transaction we witnessed at the bus stop was hilarious. The FSE is basically a large-scale version of a gross Midwestern dive bar, so if that doesn't appeal to you, avoid.
I hate Fremont Street Experience, but tourists love it.  Why not experience the pinnacle of 1970's technology coupled with music from the 1980's.  Blech.  About the only good thing about this place is the once an hour when they put on the show and everyone freezes, making it easier to walk to your destination.  Can't believe so many old people will actively dance to pre-recorded music as if it's live.
Not impressed by Fremont. It's just a bunch of casino's and souvenir shops. It's so small too. the zip lining was shut down which is what we went for.. . I rather just walk down the strip and not feel so damn claustrophobic.
Review update....all of my comments in my previous review still applies, but there are now more freaks and weirdos out under the canopy.  It's very ghetto and there are a lot of teenagers here hanging out and drinking.....not a good combination.  We didn't feel comfortable here at all.  We walked to the new East Fremont entertainment district instead.. . I can't wait until they re-open the ziplines...that will probably bring me back.. . Return Factor - 50%
It's pretty boring, but at least it was something to do.
Overhyped, overpriced and now host to one of the ugliest structures in the world, it is FREMONT STREET.. . Once the hub of Vegas, Fremont Street is now relegated to the status of carnival attraction despite the heroic, if mostly unsuccessful, attempts to attract visitors.. . From the let down of a light show (occasionally they break out a good one) to the greedy and mostly untalented street performers (I appreciate good ones but really how much talent does it take to dress up like a transformer or superman), Fremont Street Experience is simply a means to an end.  The addition of the Long Bar has only made drinks more expensive.  It is next to impossible to find the inexpensive tables near the freemont street entrance anymore.. . So how do they bring people to Freemont.  Apparently it is by building the world's largest, and ugliest, slot machine to double up the zipline availability (and cost).  While many unsuspecting twentysomethings will give it a whirl, it is just another eyesore coming to vegas.. . Why two stars?  Well there are still some gems on Fremont and some new places that are worth a go pop up.  Plus it is still cheaper than the strip and more of a party atmosphere.. . Best of all, they do have good stage shows especially during the concert series.
Weird place.. Random shops selling random stuff.. Homeless people holding buckets for money.. Places selling $1 frozen margaritas.. . There is a Starbucks in there, and I feel like it could be a cool place to go if/when it becomes more modern.
