This is a review of their a la carte options.. . The Skinny: Although we didn't partake of their AYCE, their a la carte items and bento were below par. FYI - if you do not have their AYCE, the menu and pricing can be confusing (2.5) Service: messed up bill which my hubby had to actually grab a menu and show the waitress that she was wrong (2), Value: given the experience here, I wouldn't come back.(2).. . I was enthused to see a highly rated sushi place. So I nagged the hubby to come try this place out. When we arrived. we weren't hungry enough to try their AYCE option. Instead we ordered their deluxe bento (with a side salad and miso soup), katsu curry and a side order of the grilled pork belly.. . FYI - if you order a la carte, the prices are all on the actual fold-out menu NOT what's on the AYCE sheet or the supplement page on the placemat. Make sure you check your bill because we were charged for the more expensive price for pork belly (ie, supplement for the AYCE add- on) instead of the a la carte price. The waitress asked the chef instead of checking the menu and didn't believe us. My hubby had to ask for the menu to show her the difference. . . The deluxe bento suffered from many problems but let's just start off with the baby upchuck masquerading as some sort of misguided egg salad they put in the top right hand corner. (see pic: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h9RUaaHa5kcQKqtJ-sgS0Q&select=pNoiIE--ccKc0V8o2PwRgw) Or perhaps the completely anemic "teriyaki chicken" which didn't even have grill marks on them. The fried salmon and tempura were both soggy. We had to ask for tempura sauce. Sashimi - the fish was cut into thick chunks but isn't cut in the proper matter allowing the fish to melt in your mouth. For what it's worth, the California maki was okay. . . There was little to no katsu with the katsu curry.  (FYI - the cutlet in the photo represents about 40% of the entire cutlet which is rather small for $8 see pic: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JyxHvtj-syke7m9rbza7mA?select=tl0GrsOs4ViWjApsgaBvog ). The curry itself was overly thick and bland due to the addition of perhaps too much potatoes.. . Finally, the grilled pork belly. While the texture of the pork belly was nice, the flavour of the pork was overly smoky for our tastes. The addition of the rather oddly sour tasting mango salsa was a deteriment to the dish. Certainly not something we would order again and we found it expensive for the price.. . Overall given our experience with a la carte, we probably won't be stopping by for AYCE. But certainly check your bill if you do decide to do the a la carte tasting.
Great prices on regular menu ( i dont gorge on AYCE sushi).  SLLLOOOOWWWW service from start to finish.  Sushi was OK, but thin slices, and the tuna was the cheap pink colored stuff you get from grocery sushi stands.  Not sure what all the hype is about this place, def. will not return again.
Staff seemed overwhelmed. Service was nonexistent at times
I've only been to this place twice and I had extremely opposite experiences both times.  The first time I went, it was on a weekday night for dinner with one other person.  We both did the AYCE and the service was fine.  The next time I went was on a Saturday night with a group of about 8 people.  So, unfortunately, this review is going to be based on my second visit.. . First, we called about 3 hours in advance to see if we could make a reservation.  The person who answered told my friend that they were booked until late that night, then asked how many were in our party.  My friend told her 8 and then she said they only made reservations for parties of 10 or larger, so my friend told her 10, then she asked what time we would like our reservation.  Huh, I thought you were all booked up?. . Anyway, so when the reservation time came, only 4 of us had shown up on time.  The server was getting anxious and frustrated that the entire party wasn't there (as if that was our fault?).  I understand how the server was feeling as it is a small place, but there was definitely no line of people outside the door waiting to be seated.  Had there been, I'm sure we would have been a lot more understanding.  Plus, he was expressing his frustration to us, which I thought was inappropriate.  . . This is where it gets good.  We finally had our 8 show up, plus an unexpected 1 after we had given away a two-top table (reserved as part of our initial "10-person" reservation).  The extra person had to share a seat with someone else and was never once offered by the server to grab an extra seat!  We had plenty of room in our area to accomodate this person, but instead, someone from our party had to grab a spare chair himself.  What the heck?!. . Rolls were slow, but it was busy, so that was somewhat understandable.  I just don't understand how the server was getting so frustrated when we were all doing AYCE and some of us were ordering beers... I feel like he should have been pretty happy knowing that he would be making bank off of us. . . I would probably venture to say that almost everyone in the group was disappointed with the service and some expressed that by leaving a tip that was appropriate for such service.  The sad part is, the decision to go to this sushi joint was based off of a Yelp recommendation and my previous experience with the place, but only AFTER we had called Oyshi and were told that it was packed.  We probably would have had a better experience waiting at Oyshi!  This is definitely not the level of service I would expect from the same people who own Sushi-Mon.  Not going to be visiting here again any time soon!
Maybe I was expecting too much from this place after all the great reviews, but my dining experience was far from spectacular. Service was all right, but the rolls and and sides I had were a second class versionof sushi mon's. I mean, I get it they are owned by the same people but I expected more than just a bigger, newer location.
I am perplexed by all the 5 star reviews.  As out of towners we just wanted somewhere nearby our work place.   The place was packed and so we had a 30 min wait, no problem, but humorless greeter was downright misog, no smiles all night.  Bad start.  Tofu appetiser with ikkura and condiments was delicious, great tofu.  Hand Scallop Soy roll was badly made, small and not spicy like I asked for.  Edamame overcooked, various rolls including the monster were lack lustre and ingredients just not fresh.  Tuna sashimi was sent back twice.  . No alteration to bill was made.  green tea creme bruless, tasty but teeny weeny portion.  Sake was great but for $12 a bottle it should be OK.
Lowest quality of any AYCE sushi restaurant I've ever experienced in Vegas.  . . I expect previously frozen, gassed fish at any AYCE place but not color added fish.   Unless I missed a new trend in genetic engineering, there is no such thing as bright fuchsia colored tuna or brilliant orange salmon.  What's worse is many items (tuna, hamachi, salmon, shrimp) have a dry, rubbery texture as if it was previously frozen and thawed using tap water.. . The rice is seasoned well but is so compacted, it's the densest sushi I've ever had.. . Decent creativity but by the end of the meal, I never wanted to hear "yum yum sauce" again.  This mayo based concoction is slathered on almost everything.  Cloying and fatty, even hot tea can't cut its mouth grip.. . Service was OK, I mean I did get a menu, water, food, and the check but with every additional order, I felt less like a welcome guest and more like a theif hacking away at the profit.. . Maybe a bad night?  I doubt it. The fundamentals are wrong.  Not worth it considering how many better AYCE restaurants dot Vegas.
Food -- was ok, all sushi, no sashimi, no oyster.  For the sweet shrimp and sea urchin, limited one order per person.  And they make you either finish all the food (all rice) or they would charge you back by piece.. . Price -- $27 sounds like average price but they went out of sea urchin, which is the most expensive item on the all you can eat menu.  Sweet shrimp was great but only one order per person.  They charged kids the same price as adult.. . Service --  was a busy night so they all got some attitude.  We were upset for the wait, we make reservation but got there 45 mins early.  They would just hold the emtpy table and kept us waiting outside for 45 mins. Come on...
I'm an AYCE Sushi King out here in Las Vegas! My palette deserves nothing but the best! I hate to sound snobbish because far from that when it comes to food, but I know my sushi and this review will reflect the entire experience I shared with friends of mine.. . I heard about this place from a few friends already and I wanted to give it a go because like I said, I am the AYCE Sushi King! I had to try it to measure it up to my favorite in the Valley. After a marathon, i left the decision of food to a good friend of mine, and I had great expectations because I believe in her taste. Now, mind you, it would all be our first time, but I was down! There's such a thing called hungry eyes and I don't mean Patrick Swayze in Dirty Dancing and my eyes were not satisfied let alone my royal palette ;) I start off by warming up my stomach with my usual orders of nigiri (fresh water eel, salmon, and Cajun albacore), seaweed salad, and green mussels! The preliminary order had satisfactory flavor, but I did notice that they put very little rice! I liked that part! I noticed that the friends I was with was not very happy with their service and that took a toll on my experience. . . I believe a restaurant MUST understand how to treat and serve their patrons well FIRST and then deliver with high quality food or products! However, service seemed to be at the bottom of their priorities; at least for us it was.. . If my friends aren't happy, I'm not happy. And when I'm not happy, you get 2 stars! 1 for being open during lunch and 2 for having an AYCE sushi during lunch for $21.95. The sushi was subpar, the appetizers were decent but not wow, and the atmosphere was not as welcoming or friendly as others in the Valley. They do have a cool sword in the men's restroom though! :) I will probably end up coming here one more time because I love AYCE sushi, but I'm leaning more towards avoiding this place. On to the next, on, on to the next one!
Wow...but more in a surprised disappointing way. I know how hard it is to get a 4.5 star rating on Yelp so I was expecting much, much more from this place. I am (or was, it's been a while since I've been) a fan of Sushimon and with all the hype, I've been wanting to try this place for WAY too long. Had to work late for Valentine's Day so what better day than to try it with my gf for a midnight dinner.. . Ordered the Orgasm as we sat down since it's my favorite Vegas sushi invention. And the gf wanted a cocktail. Nothing looked good on the drink menu so I ordered her the vodka midori martini. Maybe I messed it up by asking for less vodka, more midori, but the drink was a zero star. It tasted like medicine.. . Wanted to do the AYCE, but found out that the things we wanted to eat wasn't included so we ordered a la carte.. . The 1) Orgasm came and it was more like the Tease. Yes, the tuna was definitely some of the freshest! But the taste was just not balanced (too much citrus).  We then ordered a few other items:. . 2) Dynamite - Had to return because it was burnt. 3) Beef Tataki - I like it fine (nice and rare) but gf thought it too salty, which I made the mistake of saving a portion for later and soaking in the ponzu soy sauce, it became too salty for me too. 4) Spicy Tuna Crispy Rice Cracker - probably our favorite dish, unique!. 5) Yum Yum Scallop Handroll - the mix was too dry and the taste bland. 6) Nabeyaki Udon - so-so as the sweet mushrooms overtook all other flavors and made the broth a sweet, salty mess. 7) Got tempted by other Yelpers' Yelp on the pork belly so I ordered it last minute, and wish I hadn't. The flavor was there but the pork belly was undercooked and served room temperature making the fatty part gelatinous.. . Still hungry but decided to quit at that. The taste discerning will note that the flavors served here are primarily SWEET eel sauce on everything or the yuzu, mango salsa on everything else. . . Perhaps I may make it back here someday but I would only do so if in the mood for AYCE.  After all, one's expectation is lower for AYCE than it is for a la carte sushi. My experience was only a 2 star but if I was to rate it based on fresh ingredients alone, I would rate it much higher, but with taste considerations (of course), I'm truly surprised that Yelpers rate it this high!
2 stars decent rolls but other than that veryunderstaffed it took like 35 min for 3 rolls to come out!
DONT BELIEVE THE HYPE. . OK so the reason I came here was because of all the reviews and honestly this place is not all that. First of all you have to wait for an 40 minutes or more to be seated and the service is very slow.. . Only thing I liked about this place is the hurricane roll (The extra star is for this roll). The fresh was not as fresh as some reviewers said.. . OH and because we were sitting thing there and talking with friends with have not seen for awhile, mind you this is shortly after we paid the bill, they asked us if there was anything else we needed kinda their way of telling us to get the eff out because there were people waiting. I am sorry but if we were at any other place, they wouldnt make us feel that way. . . They are never getting my business again. Get a bigger spot!
the best things they had were there dumplings.... after that the fried pork was decently cooked but no flavoring what-so-ever. . as for the main stuff..... the sushi rolls were OK but not good, the teriyaki chicken was downright nasty... imagine someone grilling a piece of chicken whenever taking it out of the fridge cutting it in small pieces then putting cold teriyaki sauce over it and youve got there version of chicken teriyaki... gross and cold.. there beef teriyaki was slightly better than that if you consider that it was hot... other than that not much. the meat was really tough and tasted more like shoe leather than beef. . . over all the high light of the entire meal was the white rice... i wont be going back.
Most nigiris are not as fresh anymore.. No more Hungry Beef rolls.. Pork bellies are pretty dry now, . and the salsa on the side tasted really old.. The ginger too...tasted old and DRY.   . Chocolate mousse now comes in a mini cheapy plastic container.. . That's fine and all but.... . NO MORE GREEN TEA CAKE?????. Why???????
Disappointed..sushi wasn't fresh...I really wanted to like this place, but it fell short of all my expectations.... . Didn't have most of the dishes that I wanted, and dessert was not included during the lunch ayce... . Yelp, you have failed me!
Not a huge fan of this place. There's plenty  of other all you can eat sushi places (Sushi Freak) that serves similar items with better service. The time it took them to bring out cooked dishes was insanely slow. We ordered chicken skewers and it took about 30 mins to get there. We had to flag down the waitress to get our tea refilled but the only plus was we got our sushi fast cause we sat at the bar.
Arguably one of the best AYCE sushi spots in Clark County, located south of the intersection of Decatur and Tropicana. Very nice setting and condensed so that service can be more closely-knitted. NOT. . . This place had very high expectations and anticipation from me. Not only because of the amount of praise it generates but i is also the sister sushi-house of Sushi Mon which is located on Silverado Ranch Blvd and Maryland Parkway. However, based on what all my friends told me and all the yelp reviews, it seemed pretty decisive that Goyemon had an edge. Only for me to say HELL. NO.. . I came here on a quiet Saturday afternoon with two friends who I picked up from the airport. We began with the classic yellow-tails and Volcano Roll. I understand that volcano roll can take a little while but really, 20 minutes...? Especially when there's maybe like 3/4 occupancy in the restaurant, you would expect much quicker. I mean, don't get me wrong, the quality of the roll was amazing, but to take 20 minutes is no justification. I'm a hungry guy, when I'm in an atmosphere such as AYCE, I'm there to be in for the kill. . . Right after the Volcano Roll, I asked for the ecstasy and philadelphia roll. Note, everything I order is half rolls, not full. I like diversity over quantity. This time, it took somewhere from 10-15 minutes..... COME ON. These chefs are professional and I understand that they can be under duress but I'm SURE that this joint has been under far more pressure ever than by one single person with that being just me. How can it take nearly 40 minutes to make 3 half rolls???? I can run to the strip and back in that time. (Ok not really). Then I just ordered the sunrise and sexy girlrolls and after that, I was way too frustrated with the incompetency of the services so concluded with my mochi and green tea ice cream. And no, it's not because of the chefs. The table next to me which had one less person ordered rolls later than me and received them before me. Not to mention, they are FULL rolls. NOT HALF. If anyone can PLEASE give me a logical explanation for the terrible service, I will be happy to give you my stamp card which is at 10, making my next visit free. . . Yet, for a tab at $70, my friends and I ended up paying $10 for service. Obviously they feel the need to tip just because they feel bad. But I don't feel bad. Feeling bad is for all the hungry kids around the world. Their terrible service may be explained that they like to stall me so that my stomach can process foods faster and make me full quicker. But that's why I'm here because I'm going to fight it if I have to. They may have done this so that my stomach can process the foods faster and to make me full quicker. Nevertheless, a business tactic that I don't appreciate because they don't appreciate my business. . . Make no mistake, this review is subject to change because I do hope that they can make up for their stupidity. The food quality is the cream of the crop. But if they choose to fail me next time in serving me, I will pay the price and no tip. Then I'll never return, only to keep my commitment to Goyemon's sibling, Mon.
Goyemon had delicious Nigiri Sushi, . Although the place was quaint our table was very tight and the menus were all sticky. We ordered a grilled calamari they brought a fried one, this was very oily and chewy. Upon arrival the server did not ask for our order just asked one person. It was very slow and I would not recommend to go there because the service was so slow.
This place is known for it's all-you-can-eat fare, but I went here for lunch. Their lunch specials are not bad: the presentation of the food was nice, however the sashimi cuts were not fresh at all. If there's one thing I can't abide, it's bad seafood. Not only is it dangerous, but it's appalling. . . Despite that, the wait staff was very nice and prompt.
AYCE sushi plus more.. . Recommendation:. I would highly recommend that you order some sushi first then decide if you want the AYCE.  The quality of the fish is average or below.  You CANNOT order sashimi.  In my opinion, the best was the lychee sorbet NOT sushi.  I did not find one piece of sushi fresh at all.
Went back for another friend's bday dinner. I didn't eat all my rice and they charged me $5.00 for it. How rude. I could of just hide the rice but I was too lazy and didn't want to brother with it. Left like 5-6 pieces of rice. Talk about crazy charge. Also they didn't have all the desserts. Grr..
This place has great sushi in a nice atmosphere. Very busy full of people and is open late at night. Their service has never been that great but the past few times I've been. There have been big problems with service and the last time I was totally ignored. It sucks because I like going to this place by my house. But like I said, I'm not going there again to let them treat me like I'm not an important customer.
went here with friends because it's supposed to be great sushi so I thought we'd try it out. wait was long, they need a bigger place in my opinion because it gets too packed in there. sat atthe sushi bar. chefs were cool and were open to substitutions and deletions of items I didn't like.. . sushi was good but not even close to the best i've had which i'll be reviewing soon. . . here's the problem..**** Food Poisoning!!! *** me and my friend were crazy crazy sick from the sushi (all you can eat). I've never had food poisoning in my life, believe me you don't want it! needless to say Never again will I go to this place.
Lunch menu ....salad dressing was salty and the miso soup was not hot just luke warm....meh lets see how the sushi is.... the whole meal was sub par and I don"t think I would go out of my way to go to this place again since we have so many options here in vegas.
I have been here a few times now to eat. I have to say with each experience it just gets worse each time. I am not a huge fan of all you can eat stuff because the quality is generally low and this place fits the bill. I went yesterday and ordered the Beef Terriakyi and the girl ordered the AUCE. . . My beef dish was terrible. The quality of the meat was so low I sent it back. The meat was so fatty and the smothered in sauce as if I might not know. I was grossed out and tried to eat the salad.. seaweed, the deep friend veggies, the terrible California rolls, and the rice. The rice was the highlight.. It was overall so bad I sent it back. No offer to comp anything or do anything about it. . . Overall.. I wont be going back.. I keep trying but it is just not happening..
Rice too hard to eat, fish okay. Will not come back next time.
So after hearing so many great things from fellow yelpers and seeing all the great reviews on yelp me and my fiance FINALLY tried it out and I was pretty disappointed. . . So we get there and the lady says its a 45 minute wait really? wow ok, so they take our number and they call us about 45 minutes later so they were true to their word. (Maybe it wouldn't be a 45 minute wait if there were more then 12 tables thats just my thought.) . . So on to the "delicious" sushi everyones bragging about we both got ayce this is what i ordered. . -royal california . -mingus. -taylor. -sushi mon style lasagna . . They were all ok at best i do NOT like the tempura they use on the rolls its super crispy and the texture is super weird which sucks for me because i like tempura rolls. . My fiance on the other hand enjoyed his sushi and said he would give it 4 stars mind you he will eat anything and thinks everything tastes fantastic so his opinion doesnt count to me lol. . . I really expected better sushi the way everyone was talking this place up over all the food was ok at best, the atmosphere was uncomfortable it felt like i was having dinner with complete strangers at my table because thats how close and jammed they have the tables set up and I definitely think 45 minutes is to long to wait for any place let alone a mediocre sushi joint like this. . . This place is waaaaayyyy over rated!!!!
Big disappointment.....Went for early dinner on 3/20/13, to avoid the  typical 1 hour wait.  Been to this restaurant 3 times over last year.  Rice for sushi was cold with some parts of rice uncooked.  The raw fish (nigiri sushi) was bad, I think they gassed the fish with carbon monoxide to look red, but bad texture.  Raw fish on nigiri sushi pieces were cut small like they were trying to save money.  Although service at Goyemon has always been poor, it makes it worst when the food was terrible.  We brought 4 guests bragging about this restaurant and our credibility was shot.  I don't think I will be going to this restaurant again when I go for my semi-annual trips to the Orleans Hotel and Casino.
i'm a sushi snob.. i got dragged here for all the mediocre sushi you can eat.. this place is not worth the wait.. the sashimi is really thin.. . . pro tip.. if you want to maximize your bang for the buck.. don't order the cut rolls..
I went to Goyemon the very first time based on the reviews of my ever so reliable fellow YELPers.  Honestly, I wasn't impressed the first time I tried their AYCE.  I intentionally did not write a review thinking that I should try them some other time. Or, maybe I went there on one of my  "bad taste buds" days.  By trying them the second time, I was giving them and myself the proverbial "benefit of the doubt".  I was actually intrigued and surprised to see some of the high praises and Hallelujah reviews about Goyemon.  Having lived in Japan (I was stationed in Iwakuni, Japan and travelled around the country) for two years, I've had the once in a lifetime experience to actually taste what the cuisine, both regional and national, is really like.  It may not make me an expert on sushi-ya, but I can claim some kind of leverage over the regular sushi and self proclaimed Japanese food lovers outside the Land of the Rising Sun.  . . I returned to Goyemon at the behest of a friend.  We were initially going to Sushi Mon, then changed his mind to Oyshi, then finally decided on Goyemon last minute.  I was OK with it.  I thought my second trip would give me more reason to form and write down my opinion(s).  So here it is.. . - just like the first time I came, there was a long line, or scattered groups of people, waiting to be seated.  The parking was somewhat limited.  It was lunch time on a Tuesday.  Always a good sign, you might think.  . . - After an hour, we were finally sat down right by the front door where people were standing up and gathered, waiting to be seated as well.  We had to take the table otherwise we would've waited longer.  . . - We both opted for the AYCE lunch.  There were only two ladies working the tables and 2 guys behind the sushi counter, an older Asian guy and a younger Latino guy . It took a good 15 minutes before the lady came and asked for our drinks, and get our orders.. . - Drinks came, followed by our orders.  They came incomplete, and few wrong ones.  It didnt matter to us.  We're both hungry so we didn't care since we knew we could re-order the next time she got closer to our table. Wrong. She didn't get near our table until after half an hour because she was busy taking and delivering orders somewhere else.  I was worried our 2 hour limit would expire way before we could get our third and fourth round of orders.  . . - the nigiris came and was surprised and disappointed with the shari.  Making sushi rice is an art in itself.  I remember watching the itamaes in Japan manually fanning and painstakingly and delicately mixing the steamed rice with seasoned vinegar.  What I had in Goyemon on both occasions were their version of "broken rice".  The rice weren't sticky and they would break down as soon as it hit  the wasabied soy sauce.  The rice literally disintegrated.  I was so close to asking for a spoon since the chopsticks were useless .  (FYI:  In Japan, chopsticks are never used when eating sushi.  They use fingers.)  . . - Their wasabi was obviously made into paste from powdered green colored horseradish. It had neither bite nor kick.  Normally, they would clear up your sinuses and bring you to tears for a second or two.  Their's was just light green, grainy and dry   Their gari (pickled ginger) didn't spend enough time bathing in its pickling brine.  It was bland!  The fish  that were served to us were haphazardly cut and unevenly sliced.  Where's the "aijou"?. . - The tempuras, rolls (handwrapped and deep fried), baked and fried appetizers were decent.  The miso soup that I ordered at the very beginning came in towards the end of our meal and was meh, as in really, MEH! It was all broth. I didn't see any diced tofu or wakame seaweed in my soup.  Their poke salad was not really poke (go to Island Sushi, folks!). . . - I finished my meal with an order of green tea ice cream.  Ordinary.   It is safe to say that I've tried and tasted all the items on their AYCE menu in my two visits.  My friend looked at me, and said:  "Sorry".  He knew I did not enjoy the meal.  And he read me like an open book!. . For the price we paid, I personally think we were robbed but then again its the standard going price for AYCE in the valley.  There's just something fishy (no pun intended) about going to a sushi place not owned, run and staffed by non Japanese, and recognizing that most of the non-white customers on both days I was there were Koreans.  I am not hating. Just saying.. . I also observed (while its taking them forever to deliver our orders) that most of the customers were ordering and pigging out mostly on fried entrees and rolls, and not on nigiris.  That's when I hypothesized that the 5 star reviews I've seen and perused on YELP must have been based on the fried entrees, rolls and desserts.  Makes perfectly sense now ;) . . Fool me once, blame on me :) Fool me twice, not coming back!  . . (I was told that Sushi Mon and Goyemon are owned and ran by the same non Japanese owners. Is there truth to that?)
I used to loooove goyemon and came here all the time to pig out on sushi but that past 3 times have left me meh.  I feel like the fish quality has gone down as the last 3 times there was always something that i felt tasted off (maguro, hamachi, and uni respectively).  Two times actually had me throwing up afterwards, oh well at least I didn't absorb all the calories.  . . Be careful if you go here be wary of off tasting raw fish.  Maybe they're using all the good fish at Kabuto now? so sad...sigh, and now i have to go throw up again ):
What happen!? I'm so sad to even writing this review this use to be my favorite sushi joint I use to come here twice a week and I haven't for a while.... Last week I came here and the quality of fish just went down the toilet :(, there highlight was there pork belly but I had to return mine twice because its just all fat! And still after complaining about it they still serve me it all fat pork belly.... There sushi rice are not consistent anymore it falls apart, I ordered UNi and that was big disappointment you can see the blood line and its just gross to eat . UGH! I'm so sad about it hope goyemon get there act together and start serving good quality food again
The best thing was the pork belly. Wasn't impressed with the rolls, the baked mussels, dessert, or the menu.. I love sushi Kaya way more.
Horrible horrible service!!!! What happened to this place?. Food is good and fresh. I refuse to go here during normal hours but if I'm craving sushi at 2am then I'd stop by. Otherwise I will drive way across town to Yama Sushi for excellent service and food! So sad to see this place fall apart..
Massively disappointed by this place. The quality of sushi here is way beneath what even my own colleagues and friends had Yelped this place for. . . The saving grace to the meal for me were the desserts though. The creme brulee was fantastic, as was the tempura vanilla ice cream.. . One more note - they don't have a lot of items that are pictured on Yelp, so don't be guilty of looking at random pics on Yelp and then expecting it at the restaurant.
Service is way too slow and portions are too small with giant balls of rice to make this outing worth it. Although it's ayce, I felt very limited since they hold out on taking orders because the sushi chef could not handle a medium traffic workload. I would not recommend, the hospitality ruined my night.
I decided to try this place.  First off walking in and not being greeted by anyone is a fail.  The hostess did not even glance up even though she knew we walked in.  We had to politely go up and let her know that we would like to be seated.  She kind of mumbles something and then walks away to go deliver checks to the respected tables.. . We finally get seated.  All the waitresses were kind of serving all the tables. The sushi rolls all kind of tasted the same.  Though I did get enough food for my buck.  I should not have to continually ask for water and during down time see the hostess not doing anything.  But she did seat everyone who came in after us right away.... . It made me miss my sushi place back home.  My sister was disappointed as well.
Had dinner with friends on a Friday night, wait time was 45 min. I wasn't surprised. Nothing really stood out for me, that it goes on the fav list. It's difficult for AYCE places to please everyone, for me it's the hamachi kama, uni, sweet amaebi and oysters. I know exactly which place serves them as AYCE items. Prices are comparable to every AYCE restaurants, sake by the bottle prices were actually inexpensive..
I was sorely disappointed. After seeing delicious looking pictures from friends who have been there, we stopped here when we arrived in Vegas. The sushi seemed old and was not delicious. My friend thought the white fish was pretty good, but that was it. Maybe it was an off day? Too bad bc I can't chance another wasted dining opportunity to allow them redemption.
Good food, but the wait for lunch is ridiculous. Someone needs to figure out how staffing works and schedule enough people to handle the rush. If my lunch break is an hour long, I can't wait an hour to get a seat.
