We went to this restaurant the 3rd day after their grand opening. Don't waste your time or money.  First we waited 25 minutes to get seated and we were first in line and restaurant was fairly empty.  The staff is super friendly, helpful and great.  The service is extremely slow. From the time they took our order to the moment our food landed on our table was a good 50 minutes. We almost left.  The food is not good. We ordered burgers. They are tiny, the bread is not so good either. Mi ordered a vegetarian burger, which is portobello mushroom, awful. I get the same burger at Cheesecake Factory and it tastes awesome.  The burgers don't come with fried so we had to order fries separately which was $11 per order. 4 burgers and two fries cost us about $120.  I wouldnot go back again. Save your money and go somewhere else.
Queue the opening credits from Kitchen Nightmares.... . This restaurant appears to be owned by an over zealous TV personality.  The name is quirky as is the location; jammed in-between halls of casino games at Planet Hollywood.  The egotistical pictures slung everywhere from the walls to the opening page of the menus, are sophomoric at best.. . The bartenders hurriedly slam Guinness into non-pint glasses, and slop them in front of patrons without care.  The hostesses ask for a phone number so they can text you when your table is ready. Very cool, Gordon but a bit unnecessary.  The iPad drink menus are way less interactive than the ones at GR Steak, and there seems to have been less purchased since we had a to wait a while to see one.. . Once seated, the waitresses were clearly over-stressed and undertrained.  The chicken wing appetizer (specifically the wasabi dressing) tasted like a kid fresh from culinary school pretending to understand flavor pairings.  The burgers were next to arrive after a painful forty minute wait.  So this is a BurGR, well it is poorly seasoned and over cooked.  Completely unimaginative and poorly executed.  The milkshake, ordered first, quizzically arrives next and is so sweet it cannot be enjoyed.  Finally, making its way to our table is the order of "Just Fries" and that is exactly what are, nothing memorable or special.  . . With Gordon Ramsay Steak and Pub and Grill right down the street, one can avoid wasting money here and go experience a location worthy of the Gordon Ramsay name.  Please Gordon, if you read these, go and rescue this nightmare before people begin to associate your name with this mediocre level of restaurant.
BurGR is located in the heart of the Planet Hollywood casino; one of the worst places for a local to access next to maybe anything inside of Caesar's Palace in my book. You have to travel through a full side of the shops and the casino to get to the restaurant which is adjacent to one of the entries off the Strip. Since it had been open barely a week, and also the weekend right before New Year's, I figured it might be best to make a reservation and called the number on their website. After 4 failed phone calls to either clueless Caesar's employees not knowing that this new restaurant existed, or being transferred to lines that went to defunct voicemail boxes, I gave up and took a chance walking in. We arrived to a 35+ minute wait for two, with plenty of larger groupswaiting at the front. Luckily there was absolutely no one sitting at the bar so we took our chances there. The entry has a pretty large fire feature wall, which at the time of my visit still wasn't functioning. There is a fairly plain bar that seats about 15 right at the front, with a very open almost cafeteria-like layout of booths and tables. A pretty cool wavy ceiling swoops through most of the space, only broken up by a flat ceiling centered in front of the display kitchen.. . The menu is fairly simple, and really focuses on the restaurant's namesake: burgers. There are a few interesting sounding appetizers, salads and some tasty shakes from what I've heard. According to their website the burgers are cooked over an open flame fueled by hard woods, the only burger joint of its kind on the Strip. More about that in a second. What is nice to see is that the menu does offer I believe 11 different kinds of pre-designed burger options; I've been to far too many celebrity burger joints on the Strip and found maybe 3 choices on their menu. With this many choices, unless the burger was going to be completely awful I figured I'd have to come back and try one of their more adventurous double stacked burgers that come with a regular patty in addition to another kind of meat. . . So with this round I went with the slightly more neutral chanterelle burger: chanterelle mushrooms, arugula and figgy-onion jam. What arrived was a perfectly formed burger on an equal sized, perfectly proportioned bun. For some reason I really wanted to hate this meal coming into it, but I was fairly impressed with it upon first bite; the meat was very good quality, and had really good char flavor around the edges that actually made us think back to our last savored bites of a Bachi burger. But that wood-fueled flavor? Not sure that was it. It was cooked close to the medium rare I had ordered, with some pink throughout but really lacking any sort of juices. The chanterelle mushrooms had really good flavor and were proportioned well, and the arugula was a good touch. I forgot all about the figgy-onion jam until after I had finished the burger; apparently either they did too or it just wasn't flavorful enough to stand out. Although the bun was sized perfectly, I found it to be very dry and inconsistent, with some overly buttery bites showing up at welcomed moments. Overall it was a very solid burger. My girlfriend actually compared its overall level of perfection in composition and flavor to the consistency of Bachi, which I understand but don't completely agree with. While I did find the meat to be pretty savory, it's just not on the same level. And Bachi's buns? Forget it; the BurGR ones don't come close.. . What was a huge letdown for this meal was how awful the fries were; thin, hollow and completely overcooked. We went with the plain fries over the truffle parmesan or sweet potato in order to sample the basics of what are offered, and maybe that was a mistake. Both the curry and chipotle ketchups that accompany the regular fries are good, maybe the chipotle not as much, but neither flavors really go together or make sense with the burgers we ordered. And they were literally so hard and overcooked that my jaw was almost sore from eating them. Having the perfect fries may have changed my overall perception of this meal a bit, as this is a major gripe of mine.. . I think $16 for just the burger is also a little high, even being in a Strip location. If one is to truly compare the composed perfection to a Bachi burger, which I feel there is just no comparison to that burger, you can get far more for $9. And $8 for our plain fries is insanely high; I'm not sure I would ever consider spending $11 for their truffle parmesan or $9 for the sweet potato fries after sampling these. If you're obsessed with Ramsay, or the whole celebrity chef thing, then you'll probably be impressed with the quality of this burger, as many folks on Yelp seem to be right now. But if you're looking for simply a fantastic burger, there are far better options on the Strip in better locations, and plenty more throughout the city for a far better price.
Although I can not really say much different about this place just yet, I will give it one more star since the manager reached out to me and offered to correct the experience I had. Next time I am in Vegas I will have to give this place a second try.. . Thank you management for caring, it goes a long way
Checked it out figuring it would be good since he is in the business of inspecting/helping out other restaurant owners. The very first thing we noticed was the shivering hostesses and watresses. The place is very close to the outdoor of the building. The girls were freezing! We were told they are not able to put on a sweater or jacket or jeans. They were all very sweet but I felt very uncomfortablewith them being so cold. The outfits were embarrassing...so short anfd tight they had to wear thongs underneath, I could the outline. The service was good and they were very nice. The dogs looked really great! The burgers were smallish and ok!!! The drinks were very small for the prices. The fries were fine but super expensive and not that worth it. Really? How much do potatoes cost? Ihave to say I wasn't very impressed and felt reallybad for those girls!!! Comeon and adapt the uniform so they can be comfortable in the winter months.
The menu looked so promising! It got us to give BurGR a try with it's dressed up burgers at pretty reasonable prices..  .  I can't decide if it was the service or the food that I found less impressive. The hostess was super friendly and the person helping our server was nice, but our server was off putting. He asked where we were from and when we said we were local, he responded with how the locals hadn't been good customers tonight and asked us why we would have come out to the strip if we lived here as if we'd made a mistake. Turns out, he was right. . .  We ordered drinks and the jalapeno poppers, a burger, a hot dog and onion rings ($90 with a 20% tip). We had to ask for water while eating the poppers and did so only after he asked if we wanted another round of booze. . . He came and checked on us when we had food in our mouths and said he always does that so people can't complain. If the service and food were good, that would be a cheesy but acceptable joke; as it were, it was irony. . .  The poppers were decent; they were much bigger than we expected. They were served individually in shot glasses with dipping sauce at the bottom, which was probably why they were cold by the time you finished. . . The Britannia burger was incredibly bland and surprisingly small; if you have a healthy appetite you will definitely want to order a side. . .  The hot dog was served in what looked like folded in half french toast; it was impressive to look at, but when my girlfriend tried to eat it, it revealed itself to be awkward and the taste didn't make it worth the effort.. .  The onion rings; how can you screw up onion rings, right? No, seriously, how did you manage to make onion rings that were so unappealing that we didn't eat them?. .  The server came back to ask if we wanted desert with the check already in his hand and never came back to collect it. Thankfully we had exact change. It's pretty obvious to me that the locals not treating him well was because they weren't looking through vacation goggles that make everything seem great because, you know VEGAS, BABY! . . It's also obvious from his approach that they don't really expect repeat clientele, but that's ok, because even if the service had been great, the food wasn't, so there really isn't any reason for us to go back.
I could not decide on 2 or 3 stars. However, Everything we experienced here was amazing, up until we got our food. Our server had left! We did not see her for 30 minutes, not even her other tables. It's sad because I was very impressed with her greeting, and her knowledge of the menu. You could tell she was into her job. However, In this line of work, first impressions are sometimes not as important as the last impression. Not sure If I will try another Gordan Ramsay restaurant. . . Being in this industry myself, I couldn't help notice a few things:. All the employees wear the same clothing head to toe (men are different from girls). Somewhat weird, I could never work there considering my shoe size!. Of the 3 managers who were on duty (I only noticed this because of how over dressed they were to be flipping a hamburger) basically stood in the middle of the restaurant and monitored. (Too bad he missed us standing 6 feet in front of him). Lastly, what is the need for so many people working? I saw more dish/bus boys bussing tables than customers. I usually tip well, but being our server vanished, and the bus boys did her work, I was inclined to leave 5%, hopefully going to the bus boy.
I recently ate at Gordon Ramsey Burgr @ Planet Hollywood and thought I should write a review.. . As a fan, I had recently eaten at GR Steak, which was an amazing experience, but again as a fan I felt compelled to eat at burgr and probably shouldn't have, leaving my GR food experience as super positive.. . Burgr is ok, the food is good enough and its cheap.  But given that Ramsey's name is on it you expect a certain level of quality and its not there and honestly I'm pretty forgiving.  I know line chef's and serving staff work very hard and things happen but I again because Gordon Ramsey associated his name to it I expected a base level of quality.. . My burger was ok, undercooked but ok and I enjoyed it honestly but I should have eaten at holstein's in the Cosmopolitan which is a lot better in my estimation.  . . The burger was undercooked.  I had ordered medium rare but what I got was really rare. Despite being super rare it was good enough to eat and not return.  The burger was also pretty bland, I expected a bit more flavor.. . The fries were overpowering - a lot of Parmesan which got all over everything and overpoweredthe fries and everything else.  But surprisingly I will say the ketchup was really good! It was also good presentation, I'll give it that.. . But honestly I don't think I'll go back and wont be recommending it to anyone.  Its cheap and looks neat but if I want to pay for a premium burger I'll go to holstein's as I've had very good luck there.  . . Maybe it was a bad day I'm not sure but as I said I was less then impressed. I wanted to give it more stars I did...but it just wasn't there.
Fries were not good. Burger was charred on the outside, dry inside. Good apps: wings and onion rings. Great service.
When we got their at 11:30 for lunch the place was just about empty and we had a 45 minute wait because they didn't have enough staff! What the heck is that about on Presidents weekend, no staff? When we were finally seated the place field up fast. The food was okay but nothing special and that was kinda disappointing being a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. Sometimes simpler is better, our $120 lunch tab wasn't reflected in our food unfortunately and that is why I gave it only two stars.
It was a long wait. The waiter we had was friendly and seems to be very knowledgeable with wines, but we're not much of a drinker.The burger was about $15.00 each. The size was average. It didn't come with fries (seriously, at $15,I couldn't believe this). Comparing that with chilis burger, I don't think there's a $7 difference with the taste. . . My kids were very impressed (they probably want to because of the price) and because they're fans of Gordon Ramsey and we searched hard before we were able to find this place (inside the casino) We ordered the fries that was recommended here, parmesan truffles? It came in a nice, cone shaped container and it did taste good. It had freshly grated parmesan cheese sprinkled on top and there's a separate garlic aioli dip which is probably just garlic, butter and some spices. It cost $11 per order. The fries had many small pieces, like it came from the ends of a potato. I'm not impressed with that. If you're going to charge $11 for potatoes pls. make sure it's the good parts you're serving. . . Long wait, overpriced burgers and fries that have a lot of what looks like leftover pcs. -3 stars.
This place was a let down. . . Service was iffy (not at all what you expect from the Hell's Kitchen guy). . The hostess was a complete b word (I somewhat understand since she has to deal with annoying people all day, but THAT IS WHAT YOU WERE HIRED FOR) . . we ordered the American, Farm, and truffle fries. I really enjoyed the American, the truffle fries- not so much. They were basically crap French fries with a ton of Parmesan cheese on it. The ketchup was also beyond disgusting. . And apparently you have to speak really loud because the waitress didn't hear my wife say "farm burger" so we had to wait until I was half way done with mine before she finally got her burger. . . Terrible experience that unfortunately cost $80. . Never going back again
So I went here with my family, 4 adults. 3 of us were unimpressed, 1 of us was in love! . . Me personally, meh , not a fan. For the name, I would of expected much better, at least enjoyable. It was edible. We each had a different style burger and also ordered the fries and chicken wings. For 4 adults we paid around 170$ for 4 burgers, 3 fries, 4 sodas and 1 side of wings. I believe 2 girly alcoholic drinks were had as well. . . Normally I would think ok about 200$ for an evening  for 4 people, could be worth it, but really not in this case. Over priced a whole bunch and the food was more decoration then tasteful. . . Try hash house a gogo if you want a good burger, they're inexpensive and good!
After our hour long wait, I must've been cranky or something because I was really disappointed with the overall experience here. I was debating between 2 or 3 stars and after much debate, I finally landed on 2 stars...here's why.. . The restaurant itself is pretty cool and I love the open kitchen concept. Having a little iPad to play with and peruse the menu is also very cool but the darn thing ended up being more of a pain than useful. It was difficult to get from section to section and the novelty quickly wore off.  . . Aside from our long wait, the visit actually started off great. We had a friendly, super sweet and upbeat waitress who was fantastic. We ordered the jalepeno poppers as an appetizer to the share amongst the 4 of us dining here.  They leave the seeds in one of the six poppers in to make it fun for those dining and sadly, I didn't get it - I love spicy. The poppers were nice and crispy on the outside and inside was stuffed with creamy cheese.  The dipping sauce it was served it was fantastic!  I wish I could get the recipe to that baby because it was one of the highlights of the meal. . . For my entree, I ordered the farm burger which came with duck breast bacon, a fried egg, and sharp cheddar cheese. And for the table we ordered the famous truffle fries. As expected, I loved the truffle fries and the dipping sauces that came with were very tasty. The problem that I had was with the burger. I had asked for it to be medium but when I got it, my fried egg was way overcooked.  The waitress was kind enough to have the kitchen remake it but when I got my burger back, the egg was still more done than I would've liked as well as the burger patty itself. Remember, I ordered it medium and it ended up being more well done. . . Gordon Ramsay is an internationally renowned chef who has trained alongside greats such as Guy Savoy and Joel Robuchon and he opens a burger joint??  Some of his restaurants have received 3 michelen stars but yet....here, his staff could not get a fried egg, nor a burger done right?  This makes me believe that this restaurant is purely a money maker for him because I felt ripped off and was disappointed that I bought into the hype.  Clearly, I wasn't impressed.
Came here late night for a burgr (I live across the street at CityCenter).  Had the chanterelle burger and also ordered the bao buns as a starter.  The bao buns were amazingly bland.  The pork was nice but underseasoned.  It was on the tough/chewy side, so hard to eat it in more than two bites (two pieces/bun, one piece of pork/bite).  The garnishes on it were terrible.  The carrots were barely pickled.  Was hoping the burger would be better, but it had the same problem.  The arugula was superfluous as it didn't add much (I enjoy arugula but couldn't taste the nuttiness).  The waiter proudly told me that the patty was a three cut blend of beef, but all I could taste was cardboard (sorry).  No seasoning was detected.  The burger was on the sweet side, so I asked for ketchup (which was their homemade kind, and also on the too-sweet side), and then asked for pickles because the burger needed a bite, but was told that all they had were really sweet bread and butter pickles, so I declined.  . . Service was good, if not a bit obsequious.  The greeter was a lovely lady - very polite with a nice smile.  The waiter kept coming by to tell me that my bao buns would be right up, and did so about 4 times before they came (I don't think that it really took that long, but coming by so often to tell me that they were coming made it seem like it was taking forever).. . My favorite burger spot in LV is Bachi Burger - off strip, although haven't had a huge sampling yet of strip burger joints.
Sweet potato fries are great. If you can not eat sugar or don't like sweets make sure to tell them not to put powdered sugar on them. Burgers are okay. They are cooked well but ours were too salty. Size slightly small for price. Bun just okay. The selection of burgers is good but honestly although the meat is cooked well again not worth the wait or calories. Milkshakes are cute made from pudding.. .  Besides the food being too salty and the buns soggy on the burgers, the waitstaff slow. Hostess makes everyone wait 30-40 minutes while there are plenty of empty tables inside. They text your phone when your table is ready which is nice, but then patrons wait again for 10-15 minutes to be seated. Our waiter was just okay never refilled drinks. Did explain to  us everything was cooked to order so food would take 20 minutes. Then the burgers came out cold. . . Oh and the noise level was too high. Could not hear anyone talk. Music and TV's not necessary even if it is Vegas.
For a $19 burger (including tax and tip) I would have expected that at least the meat was cooked to what I asked for. . . I asked for medium rare, thinking that it is Gordon Ramsay and a burger that goes for that price, they should know how to cook the meat.  Well, my burger came out Medium.  Very disappointed.  The egg was also overcooked.  They described to me that the egg yolk would be dripping down all over the burger.  It did not happen.  It was cooked.  That is why I gave a 2-stars.  It was expensive, meat not cooked to what I ask for, and nothing special - at least for me.. . Did not get the fries, but they looked very good - thick, evenly cooked, and well seasoned.  I would have ordered it if I could have shared it.  The young guy sitting next to me only ate  about less than 10 fries, and that was not even 1/3 of it..
While the food was as good as a chef-inspired restaurant should be it was grossly overshadowed by the extremely poor service.  Ginger took care of us, and I wouldn't wish her on anyone else.  In my experience, waitstaff that have to write down the simple order of a two-top should be looking for a new career.  I'd echo the previous comments on how good the poppers, hummus, burgers, and especially the truffle fries are, but after more than two hours, and a 20 minute wait for desserts we were more than turned off.  Great food,  soon to be doomed by incompetent front of the house service from the 25 minute wait for a table in a half empty restaurant, to a waitress asking everyone around her for help as she drowned, to a floor manager that didn't seem to care...
I watch GR's "Kitchen Nightmares" and he gets upset when customers have to wait.  Well, he should stop by his own restaurant.  There was an hour wait to get in.  So if you go there hungry, you will be REALLY be hungry by the time you are seated.  We were seated at 3:30pm and our food didn't arrive until 4:20pm. Seriously, 50 minutes wait for a hamburger!?!. . We were at a table facing the kitchen and could see the cooks were always moving.  The runners picked up the food as soon as it hit the waiting area.  So I don't know what the holdup was.  Maybe they don't have enough cooks.. . We went with friends that ordered burgers, but I didn't want beef.  I was surprised that there wasn't a chicken patty type burger on the menu except for the sliders which I ordered.  But I was hungrier than that by then and could have used a larger chicken or turkey burger.  The chicken sliders were just ok.  I kept stealing the avocado off my husband's burger to give it some flavor.. . My husband had a Hell's Kitchen burger, but he said it was not that spicy.  But that might be a matter of taste or taste buds.. . The two winning things about the restaurant: the decor and our waitress.
"meh" pretty much sums it up!. . My girlfriend and I ordered  the Fury Wings to start. They waitress described them to us and recommended them. Her description was off, they were cold, and surprisingly fatty. I'm not an anti fat person...I actually love me some good fat- but this was fat in that kind of jelly slug way. . . We sent that back- instead we got the jalapeno poppers. Classic. Easy to make.. . Apparently, they are not easy to make and have taste good. I'm not sure who tasted these and decided to put them on the menu, but the cheese filler is absolutely disgusting. I'm a huge cheese fan. To top it off, it's served in this shot glass full of nasty sauce so it's two different goopy nasty sauces that you don't even have an option to have on or off your popper. Only one popper of six I believe has the seeds inside. This is supposed to be the big prize! If I order poppers, chances are that I like spicy food. Quit robbing me of seeds I paid for. We absolutely sent those back. . . We got the house burger (the one with avocado) and the mushroom burger. Both were ordered medium. One came out rare and the other well done. I know because we split the burgers in half to try them both. The flavor in the meat was good, but the inconsistency was disappointing.  . . We also had the truffle fries- they were somewhat good, but somewhat stale. They flavoring was nice, but texture was off.. . The best thing I had at the restaurant was their bbq sauce... which didn't even look like bbq sauce. It tasted like horseradish mustard. It was yummy.. . We waited 45 minutes to be called, and with the name attached to the restaurant I would expect much much more. With all of the places to eat in Vegas, I will not go back here. I may as well order food at a random bar in a shady hotel, not wait, and be equally full.
Where do I begin?. . THE M*THER F#CKING CURSING: Let's start at the end. As hubby and I were waiting for our check to be picked up (shortest wait of the evening), I thought I heard someone doing some serious cursing. "What the f#ck is wrong with you?" "I'm not going to have this sh*t!" "I don't wanna see f$cking gouda!" Of course I ceased all conversation and listened to what turned out to be the chef berate his kitchen staff for a solid 10 minutes. And let me be clear, it was loud. And he did not hold any words back. And it went on and on and on. I don't watch Hells Kitchen, but I know that in America, Ramsey is known for his temper (on his reality show). I justnever expected to witness a bit of Hell's Kitchen during a lovely dinner.  One employee commented that this was Chef having a "good night." Yikes. . . I'm of two minds about this. On the one hand, some customers will enjoy the TV volatility on display.  People drawn to the restaurant because of its owner's short fuse might relish in the aggressive outburst. I mean, it's Vegas. People want to see a show, right? On the other hand, that kind of energy-sucking behavior is confusing and off-putting for others.. . Put me squarely in the "off-putting" camp. I cannot believe how aggressively and loudly the chef went at his employees. If it had not gone on, I would have assumed it was a customer or that I had misheard. But he didn't care if we heard. And I think that's my issue. Not only was it unprofessional, but it unnerved me a and put and let me on edge at the end of my meal. And no one seemed to care about the effect of the outburst on guests. There are establishments where rough language and behavior are expected and even appreciated. A high-end burGR joint in a casino on the strip isn't one. If Chef was yelling in the back somewhere out of earshot, no one would be the wiser. Heck, if he had shouted a few curse words, only a few patrons at the counter would have known. But to draw an entire section of the restaurant into his tantrum was too much.  . . THE REST. . THE OUTFITS: Why do the male servers wear loose jeans and loose gray tops while the women wear skin-tight (read 'two-sizes too small'), short (read 'I almost saw her lady business') chest baring outfits? Before a barrage of foul language disputed my meal, I was blown away at the attire in this establishment. I don't think you have to be a feminist to be offended at the objectification of the women who serve food at BurGR. I saw each lady tug at the front of her dress no less than two times. It's ridiculous.  I know sex (or the promise of it) is driving the wardrobe decisions here, but loosening the dresses one size and lengthening them 2 inches might allow the ladies to still look sexy (God forbid they don't) without worrying about flashing the restaurant.  Unlike the hostesses (whose outfits were slightly looser), the servers have to bend and pull and lean and stretch. Their job requires constant movement. Why can't they wear "sexy" clothing that accommodates that? . . THE WAIT: Sigh, it's not shocking to wait to be seated at a restaurant on the strip. We waited to be seated. We waited to see a server. We waited for our refills. We asked for refills and waited some more. Just be ready to wait at BurGR.  We didn't see one customer getting a refill on any beverage. After asking a second time for a refill, the busboy (also in an unnecessarily tight top) brought over new glasses. He set them down and then collected the original glasses. We laughed because they obviously don't expect to refill drinks at BurGR. In fairness, it was a busy night. But on the flip side, it was a busy night---be ready to serve water to your patrons.  I wonder if Chef was yelling about that.. . THE SERVICE: The staff was helpful and kind. . . THE FOOD: The truffle fries were warmish (was that it Chef?) and flavorful. Many places in town do a variation on this theme and none of them have been that impressive to me. My Euro burger was flavorful and was cooked perfectly. I appreciate the quality buttered and toasted bun as well. Hubby LOVED the Farm burger. And after tasting it, I had to agree that it was the standout.. . OVERALL: This was a three and a half star review before the outburst. I didn't taste (or experience) anything that would entice me to hop in my car, drive around for a spot, walk through the maze that is Planet Hollywood, and wait for an inordinate amount of time for a table in a hamburger joint. BurGR is not for me.. . BUT, this is a great spot for tourists. It is located in a convenient area near Las Vegas BLVD, so those walking around can stop in easily and have a bite. It's easy to access and the food is good. And what does a tourist care about a wait or obscene language or an impractically tight dress? This is VEGAS. What I see as problems would very likely bring tourists back time and time again.
I suppose when it's Gordon Ramsay's restaurant you expect more or better than average.. Like everyone else I have watched his shows and he seems to be a passionate chef.. There was a 45 minute wait to get a table- that's fair it was a Friday night so we went and killed some time until our text message informed us the table was ready. The staff uniforms are RIDICULOUS, so blatantly inappropriate, ill fitting and unflattering. Please change them- what a joke they are. The umbrella girls at motorpsorts events are wearing more clothes than the poor girls working at BURGR.. The burgers took another 45 minutes to come out and they were okay but not great. My husband got the truffle fries with the truffle aioli, which frankly all just tasted like garlic and not much else. I cook for my family most nights so the burgers were not earth shatteringly good or something I couldn't whip up in 15 minutes. i just expected more.. Well I did get more when the bill came $150 for 2 adults and 2 kids for a burger meal. . We won't go back to BURGR, but there certainly is a slew of Gordon Ramsay restaurants to choose from in Las Vegas. He seems to be a hard worker and he's making hay while the sun shines.
Let me preface this review by saying that I am not here to rip a gordon ramsay restaurant because he is so critical of people on TV like i think many people are. . . On a recent trip to LV i stopped by burgr. I enjoyed the ambiance and the way that the menu was presented. I ordered the farm burger which came with duck bacon and an egg along with the sweet potato fries. The burger was not overly flavorful but for what it was it was pretty good. The fries on the other hand came dusted with vanilla powdered sugar and had a jalepeno honey aioli on the side. They were WAY too sweet with absolutely no balance of flavor to the point where I found them inedible.
Great Chef, killer location.  I'll keep it short. Head down to Luxor and go to Burger Bar. Unless of course you want a 20$ hot dog.
Well the wait for this place is ridiculous but I promised the kids they would eat at Gordon Ramsey's, since they're such hell's Kitchen fans.  The service was well not really service they took our order and then took forever to bring us our food. We never really saw our waiter  no apology for the long wait no one came to see if we needed a refill on our drink.  and then our rare burger was brought extra well done.  then we had to wait for a new burger they took it and brought another one back that was it no " oh I'm sorry about that.  Nothing!"  So the service sucked! . . the burgers were delicious can't deny that,  the bread soft and fluffy and held together nicely  the meat was  juicy and all very tasty.  But the burgers were all that were good.  the chicken wings bland. and the fries and onion rings as busy as they were you would think they'd be fresh and fried to order but they felt as if they had been sitting under a heat lamp for an hour and they were so salty.  and I like well seasoned food I don't usually complain about salt,  but I felt like they were just too salty. . . the dessert pudding is ok!  . . For $200 I spent I was expecting a lot more.  Gordon Ramsey quality food.  and we sat in front of the kitchen and I could see the chaos and confusion going on in there.  they had mixed up tickets orders were coming out wrong the kitchen staff is just as bad as the front of the house staff.
Everything about the burger was great except for... the beef.  I ordered it medium and it was definitely red all the way through in the center.  This doesn't scare me as I love steak tartare and rare meat, but there was no seasoning, which left a lot to be desired.  The bun, toppings and sauce were done well, but all in all, I was disappointed.  . . They also have a gimmicky ipad beer menu, which was fine until I was asked if I was done with it so the next guestcould use it.
Had to go back because of company in town for family reunion. The help was still great again but could still hear the F&*(%$$ BOMBS coming from management behind the line. Am I the only one who hears this? Hello, Gordon? When you're in the house we might expect the drama.
So my husband and I were excited to try a Gordon Ramsay restaurant after watching Hell's Kitchen and kitchen nightmares. We figured the food and service at his restaurant has to be the best. Let me just say that I hope you read theses reviews Chef Ramsay cause your restaurant was not up to par. The hostesses were nice but once we sat down, it's like we were invisible. Our waiter finally appeared to get us drinks maybe 10 minutes after we sat down....drinks someone else delivered. Then he finally took our order. After that we didn't really see him. My husbands coffee cup sat empty for the longest time before we flagged down a bus boy so he could get a refill. Our food came about 25 minutes later and again, someone else delivered it. I wanted mustard for my burger and when I finally saw our waiter I asked him for it. He said he'd get it and never came back. I tried to flag down another waiter since ours was helping every other table but us and that waiter completely ignored me. Once again we asked the bus boy and he gladly brought it. I would like to point out that while it was busy when we got there, it had definitely died down in our waiters section. I finally found the waiter to ask for the check which took another 10 minutes and when he saw the mustard hesaid "oh good they brought it". As if he had asked them too!! If he had, I'd have 2 mustards sitting on our table. Somehow he became more friendly handing over the check, I assume because he wanted a good tip. I tipped him for the amount of service he provided....73 cents so I could even out the bill. All he brought us were drinks, no refills, and the bill. Any fast food place would do the same and I don't tip them. I wish I had seen the bus boy before we left cause I would've left him the 20% tip we always leave. If the waiter had done the bare minimum, I might've left 15%. All in all, food was decent but the service will keep us from coming back.
Is it me or was it weird to send food back at a GR restaurant.  . . I want to first say that I am an avid fan of GR tv and. I was so pumped to eat at my first GR restaurant.  And to top it off ir was a GR burger joint.  Heaven is all I could think.. . So I paid the $15 for cab down to Planet Hollywood Casino and after about 30 minutes found the holy land.  There it was BURGR.  And to add to the excitement there sitting there enjoying GRBURGRS was all 50 miss America pageant contestants.  (I assume it was all 50 I didn't want to seem creepy by standing there counting them all).. . The restaurant itself is completely what what you would imagine/  Modern, Sleek, Clean/  The Waitress/hosts were delightful.  Unfortunately, that is about where all the compliments have to end.. . The first thing i ordered was the onion rings.  They came out shortly after and were sopping in grease.  Yes grease. Onions Rings !!!!! Greasy.  So sad i must say.  The waitress came by and asked how it was and i had to be honest and sent them back.  Yes i had the nerve to send food back at GRBURGR.  . . Next was my burger.  It was beautiful, cooked to perfection but had absolutely no flavor.  It was like taking raw ground beef, cooking it up throwing it on a bun and serving it.  No salt, No pepper, No flavor.  . . I ate my BURGR, drank my Drink, finished my replacement fries, snapped a few unobvious pictures of the MS America girls and promptly left, thoroughly disappointed.. . Maybe i thought it would be better ... . Maybe with the 50 Ms America girls, the chef didn't care about me .... Maybe they were totally swamped .... . Maybe i am just making up excuses because i really wanted to like this place.. . Maybe i am being too hard expecting too much .... . But this is one time , what happened in Vegas, Didn't stay in Vegas.. . I'm completely bummed ...
5 Stars for presentation. Gordon Ramsey knows how to put together a restaurant, even one as casual as BurGR. Unfortunately presentation means squat to me and I'm all about the food. . . The jalapeno poppers were awesome (great presentation with each in it's own sauce shot glass). Unfortunately the rest of the meal was a let down. The center piece of the meal, the burger, was hugely disappointing. The burgers were dry and really didn't taste anything special. Honestly, In and Out blew them away. Maybe I had high expectations from Mr Ramsey, but again, wasn't impressed. The truffle fries were ok (wife seemed to like them more than me), but it seemed a little gimmicky to me and didn't really add anything to me.. . Service was outstanding. Well put together restaurant worthy of his name, but the food isn't quite up to par.
I really expected a lot out of our recent trip to Burgr while we were visiting Las Vegas. The place looked really cool and the 30-40 minute wait wasn't bad because we could play some games at the casino while waiting. I have seen many of Gordon Ramsey's shows and agree with what he says about food and restaurants. I guess that would be the complaint I have, I went to one of Gordon Ramsey's restaurants thinking that here is a man who has learned a way to maintain the quality of food and service at a restaurant while he is not there that would be served if he was there. It was not. I ordered the Hummus, just to be different, after all, everyone at our table is ordering burgers so I am bound to get to try one anyway but hummus? Who serves hummus at a burger place? this must be some good hummus, right? Not really. I could hear Mr. Ramsey in my head pleading with whoever made this hummus to taste what he is serving and SEASON IT. (and wash the green onions before serving them) I sent the hummus back but the server simply asked if I wanted something else, and they were gracious enough to take it off my bill. I thought maybe they would want to know why I sent it back but no one asked. My wife had one of the cheese burgers and kinda the same thing, SEASON IT and learn how to cook a burger right. I seriously couldn't believe she told me she ordered hers well done, I saw her with it med rare and thought to myself she finally ordered a burger the way I like it too but nope, it was just a cook that was probably back there cooking every burger to med rare and slapping them together like they were in a mcdonalds. . . The fries are a different situation all together, Holy cow were those good, the Parmesan truffle topping was super good, even made up for the fact that the fries had been sitting in the cone for a while before they were dressed and served.. . I give this place 2 stars because the fries were really that good, so good that even with being a major disappointment I will still give it more than one star.. . No doubt Mr. Ramsey is a good cook and passionate but you can't always expect that you can have several restaurants that will maintain that kind of drive and integrity to make every single customers experience absolutely excellent. I didn't go in looking for something wrong, I went in as a person who admired your work ethic and passion for cooking. I am very disappointed with my experience and although I will no doubt try another one of your restaurants, I will definitely lower my expectations. (Also, if you are going to put hummus on the menu with burgers, it should be the best hummus anyone has ever tasted.)
This place is EXPENSIVE. It was a novelty to try a Gordon Ramsay burger, in fact I even gave this place a 2nd chance after being disappointed the first time. That's how much I wanted to like this place.. . The presentation of the food was great but the flavor was just plain boring. It didn't have any unique flavor. It was just average. Also, both times I visited, I asked for the burger to be cooked rare, but got medium-rare. Not a deal breaker but when you are paying $15 for just the burger with no fries included, you expect to be able to get it cooked right. . . Honestly, Carl's Jr., Wendy's & In & Out make better burgers. Each fast food joint has a unique flavor to their burgers, but Gordon Ramsey just refuses to take any chances. It all tastes bland even though it looks like it's going to taste amazing.. . I spent over $55 on myself for a burger, fries, shake and beer with tip. Not to mention it is hard as hell to get to this restaurant unless you arewalking along the strip. You have to park behind the Miracle Mile shops and walk all the way through the shopping mall to get back to the strip. Not an easy ordeal.. . I don't recommend this place for locals. It's clearly aimed at the impulsive tourists. Nothing more than a cash grab for Gordon Ramsay.
THE GOOD:. Burgers, fries and drinks were really good.  I loved the variety of burger selections and 3 types of french fries to choose from.  They also have specialty drinks that we really enjoyed.  . . THE BAD:. We came for the first time and there were 5 of us in our party.  Bill came to $195 for burgers, fries and drinks. Yea.... I think the fries should come with the burger considering the price.  Most specialty drinks are $10-14 on average.  The waitress was VERY sweet, however, we waited FOREVER for our food.  There were MANY people working but we looked around the room and we saw many tables that were just sitting there and waiting... waiting.  They even had the manager (big dude in a suit) walking around serving people.  When we were finally done, we waited for roughly 23 minutes just to get our check and credit card back from the waitress.  Mind you, the original waitress we had was nice but then she went on a break.  Another person relieved her but we never saw that person the entire rest of the meal.  Considering the amount of people working, there is zero reason to wait so long just for a check.  Bogus.  Probably won't return for that fact alone, no matter how good the food was.
I'm thinking about breaking up with Gordon over this debacle of a restaurant. And that says a lot because I love this man's restaurants. . . You almost get the idea when you walk in that you're going to be disappointed. From the cheap looking outfits the girls wear, to the crowded, pushed together tables with everyone sitting on top of each other, you feel mediocrity permeating this place from the onset. . . It seems such a weird thing to be eating here as I'm vegetarian, but they do have ONE option for me so I wasn't staring into space while my friends noshed on their burgrs. That's how you spell it, right? No? Okay, sorry.. . First the service. If you were thinking this restaurant was on the mediocre side then the service would have you falling over into it. Completely unable to wait on more than one table at a time (both times I visited). My water glass the first time didn't even recognize its use as a water glass. The second time was a little better, but the waiter buzzed around like a robot barely talking. Apparently he was working on his multitasking. Also, how unsexy are jeans with the intials "GR" on the pocket? A little overboard on the vanity methinks.. . I had the Earth Burgr (ha, I just love doing that) consisting of grilled portobello mushroom, fontina cheese, arugula and roasted tomato. The combo sounds good and it's fine, but not for $15. I mean, it's not even meat, it's a mushroom disguised as meat. That lessens the chance of me raving about it considerably. I liketo get what I pay for or I lose the ability to rave about anything. The taste is fine, the bun is soft, the arugula is a nice touch, but it seriously is just OKAY. . . Let's just get to the fries. I have never in my life tasted fries like this. I hated them. They are too big, they are too SOMETHING and it's not something that's positive. I had both the regular and the parmesan. Just no. The flavor is just wrong. I can't even really put my finger on why. I regret ever tasting these at all. . . Now to dessert. Sigh. I was hoping that after just spending $80 on a meal prior to dessert that I would somehow be redeemed for that colossal wasting of money. HA! I'd be wrong! Ordered the sticky toffee pudding ice cream on a stick thing and wondered who in the hell I'd pissed off at this place. What a joke of a dessert. First, it's so obviously made ahead of time (it's frozen, so of course), but it tastes it. I'm not a fan. I can't even go on about it, it was just such a disappointment. . . I've been to GR Steak and the GR at the London (NYC) and have come from both feeling like I would never taste better. I think GR is much better at gourmet then low brow burgers (yeah, I even got tired of it).
I know I'm in the minority, but I did not enjoy my meal at BurGR.. . We got the jalapeno poppers to start, which were the best pat of the meal.  They were well-fried and the sauce that came with them was excellent.  There's supposed to be one jalapeno that still has seeds and so is spicier than the others, but we have no idea who ate it as nobody got one that was overtly spicy.  But an excellent dish.. . The burgers, unfortunately, were not something I enjoyed at all.  I ordered the Farm Burger because I love having an over easy egg in my burger.  When it arrived, the egg yolk had already been broken and had oozed all over the plate, slightly soaking through the bottom bun.  The patty itself was overcooked (I asked for medium, received just over medium well), yet lacked any sort of sear or flavor.  The meat was a very neutral flavor.  There was no char or anything to give that patty some taste and some texture.  It was also very under seasoned.  So altogether, it was a disappointing burger.  My dining companions also had overcooked patties and also commented on the lack of flavor.. . The onion rings were good, but the potato fries were not very well fried and, again, under seasoned.. . There are also very large images of Gordon Ramsay on the wall making some crazy face with flames around him.  It's a huge in-your-face tie to Hell's Kitchen.  It was very obvious that he's catering to people coming for the Gordon Ramsay name from seeing him on TV.  It cheapens the place and makes it feel pretty touristy.  That same image of him with the flames is on the menu as well.. . The cost came to just over $30 each and was not worth it at all.  If you want to eat at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant in Vegas, go to GR Steak at Paris.
So so experience. Slow service and unmemorable food.
Burger was good but the whole process of waiting forever to be seated, then waiting forever to get your food, at a space that is not cozy and doesn't make you want to stay, and paying much more for burgers and fries, is not worth it.  Wings were disappointing too.. . If the burger had been amazing and the service great, I wouldn't mind but seriously, the place is not nice, the food is not great, the service is not good either...so save yourself some money and time and go somewhere else.. Disappointed because I really like Chef Ramsey. . As a suggestion, they should really change the girls uniforms!
Wings were great.  Flavorful, moist and greasy. Burger wasn't that good, and neither were the fries.  I would try to blame it on my hangover, but why were the wings so great, if I was too hung over to taste the food?
Ehhh. It's going to be difficult to write this post because I really like watching Gordon Ramsay's cooking shows and programs, but I have definitely had better burgers. Don't burn me at the stake for this review.. . Located in Planet Hollywood at the front entrance is a small modern bar-like area where my bf and I both got in line to try out the place. A bit of a wait, but I figured it's Gordon Ramsay, everyone wants to eat here. We were seated and we had our order ready to go (there is an interactive menu while you are waiting in line which is pretty cool) and I got the Hell's Kitchen Burger and my bf got the burger with lamb. We also ordered some truffle parmesan fries to share. The wait took awhile for the burgers to come out and our waitress came by and gave us an ipad to order some drinks during our wait. I can see the technological interactive appeal of the place, but it didn't say anything about the food. . . My burger came out and it tasted okay, but the most disappointing part of the meal was that the burger was lukewarm to cold. Wondering if my senses were off, I asked my bf to try a piece of it to see if it was cold, and he confirmed that the burger was pretty cold. It tasted like the burger had been sitting out for awhile or only partially cooked. He asked me if I wanted to let the waitress know, but I tried eating a few more pieces to see if it that was really how they wanted the burger made. Afterwards, I just left the burger by itself and munched on some truffle fries. The truffle fries were okay (they were hot at least) but a little bit overpowering on the truffle oil.. . My bf wasn't that impressed with his burger either. He said that mine tasted better than his, but too bad that the temperature was off. We waited for the waitress to clear our table and I mentioned that my burger was pretty cold. She said that she was sorry but I could tell that there was little that she could do with the situation. . . We paid our bill (a hefty $54 something) and tipped. I kept thinking in my head that I have had a better burger in a place like Red Robin. Sorry Gordon, but I'm sticking to your cooking shows. I don't think I'll be back here.
Since watching Kitchen Nightmares, I've been wanting to try a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. Well, BurGR was my first and probably last.. . To start, the service here was a bit cold. Probably because I was dining alone and preferred to sit at a table over the bar. My restaurant star ratings are rarely based on service though, unless it's exceptionally terrible, so let's move on.. . I ordered a Hell's Kitchen burger with Parmesan truffle fries. The burger was cooked to perfection, just as I ordered it; medium rare. The meat itself sort of lacked flavor, but the jalapenos, tomatoes, bun and avocado made up for it. The fries were great. They're cut thick and come with two dipping sauces. Ketchup, which tasted better than a lot of other ketchups for some reason, and a white (mayo based?) sauce. One portion would probably be enough for two people. . . So why the two star rating? For one, my burger was cold. After my first bite, I figured maybe it was only cold on the outer edge of the patty, but that wasn't the case. Then I thought maybe the toppings cooled it down, but the entire burger was pretty much room temperature. Also, I noticed a disgusting looking hair caked onto my fries halfway through them. . . It's a shame, because this place went from a definite four (potentially five) star rating to a two within minutes. Had my burger at least been hot, even warm, I'd have looked beyond the hair and rated this place higher. My experience, however, to quote Gordon in a recent episode, had quickly become "dreadful." Perhaps Gordon should look to his own restaurants for the next season of Kitchen Nightmares.
All the hype without substance . . Love that they text you when your table is ready so you don't just stand around waiting. That is the end of customer service, however.. . I went to restroom right before we were seated and they went ahead and sat 3 members of our 4-some (not a problem), but when I walked up to the hostess stand and inquired about the rest of my party I was told to go "look around" for them. Not the customer service I would expect and it continued.... . The thing I detest most about restaurants with waitstaff is when they play Food Lottery with my order. Every time they brought something to the table it was followed by "who had XYZ item" this was even repeated by the floor manager. That is reprehensible. Why bother taking our order if they cant be bothered to note who ordered which items.. . The jalapeno poppers were tasty and the presentation was well done, although a bit overpriced at $12 for 6. . . The burgers were terrible. I ordered the Uber Cheeseburger, adding duck bacon, cooked medium. It was a dry, flavorless, pre-processed appearing, overly grilled piece of $19 disappointment. The beef here does not begin to compare to Zinburger, the Grind, or Deluxe (Phoenix/Scottsdale) burger. I don't have a problem paying for a good burger - I love a good burger, but Burgr isn't it. The waitress didn't even comment on the fact that my husband and I got it to share and only ate half if it because it was that bad (dry, bad burger).. . My 20 year old son ordered the Farm Burger and the egg was cooked perfectly, however the burger was just as poor quality as the Uber. Of note, this was ordered well and looked exceedingly similar to the doneness of my medium burger. He agreed it wasn't as good as other burgers we've had.. . The parmesan fries were good, but truffle oil is so 10 years ago. The sweet potato fries were tasty as well, but they should be for $9 and $11 respectively. At least they easily serve a party of 4.. . Shake 5 had good flavor but the pudding was difficult to manage and the straw with a diameter of a dime was just odd.. . Another oddity was the regular drinks; the straws are shorter than the glasses. Our bus boy, who was the best part of our experience, saw that my hubby was not digging fishing his straw out of his glass and brought him a different glass. I love cool form and design, but not when it's a sacrifice to function!. . Bottom line though, the burgers were sub-par and we won't be back and wouldn't recommend it.
My husband and I were in Vegas for a work-cation at the beginning of June.  We went to all three of Ramsay's restaurants, and I think this one was my least favorite :(. . It just struck me as being the "view the rest of the world has of America"  --without the oversized portions.. . I get it- it's all burgers.... fatty, juicy large and obnoxious burgers.. . the roasted Jalapeno poppers were alright, not my thing but they had a good flavor, and my husband like them alot.  I had the American burger and truffle fries, hubby had the farm burger and sweet potato fries.  He liked his fries most, I didn't like mine.  His burger was alright, mine had no taste :(  . . Chalk it up to different strokes for different folks, but I really was not impressed.... american burgers?  I've been an american all my life and I think they are a horrible representation of all things american :/
I was really disappointed.  I ordered the Farm Burger, medium rare.  It looked nice, the egg was nice and runny, it was cooked correctly, but it tasted bland.  The bacon wasn't crispy, and the burger lacked flavor.  I had been planning on trying a milkshake, but I didn't want to spend $9 and be fooled again.  In Vegas, there are just too many choices to deal with below average food.
Ramsay needs to film an episode of Kitchen Nightmares here.  The food and service are nowhere near what he should be offering from a restaurant with his name on it.. . Service was slow.  Our waitress went on lunch before our food came out we were told.. . The soda was really flat.  Im no soda snob, but both the root beer and pepsi were flat.  For $4.00 each,They should at least come with carbonation. . . Asked for a Miller Lite, 15 mins later got an unknown beer that was def not Miller Lite.. . Burgers were overcooked. MW when ordered Med.  Cheese was not melted.. . Fries were undercooked.. . Just overall not what you would expect from a guy who demands such high standards from the people he helps and trains. . . The best part was actually the Ketchup (Catsup) which is made in-house.. . Doubt I would eat there again just for that though.
Place is cool. Staff was friendly. Food is just ok. Nothing special. You would think this place had burgers that are to die for. Its not. I also tried the hotdog. Costcos hotdogs are better. no lie. A bit disappointed since I had such high expectations.
I will never go here again. . . Our last day in Vegas -- I must admit, hungover -- and we just wanted some good food to end our amazing Vegas experience before going home. We walked by to see if there was still a tremendously long line like usual; but lucky for us, there wasn't -- or so we thought we were lucky.. . . We were the first ones there so we were seated quickly for a party of 7. The restaurant started getting packed and 30+ minutes later, we still didn't get our food while everyone else that got there after us did. I finally talked to the manager and she brought out our burgers that came out COLD and rare when we asked for medium well. We waited THAT long for a sloppy order?! Are you kidding me? I talked to her again. We waited longer and our order came out BURNT. At this point, 2/7 just didn't want to eat their burgers. We ate ours out of hunger and headache, but it was a pain eating burnt burgers.. . Our bill came out and I was highly upset that the manager didn't cater to us at all. I had to request 50% off the bill because I was definitely not going to pay full price for wrong orders and horrible service. Instead, she took two burgers off and gave us free dessert. If you have excellent customer service, I shouldn't have to approach you for things like that. BJ's and Applebee's even does a better job in catering to customers. . . Their dessert that came out was disgusting, but who would deny free food? Not me! The only thing really good about this place were their fries. Other than that, this place is way too hyped up as a Gordon Ramsay place. Looks like he needs to do a better job with restaurants. . . My best friends tried his other restaurant the day after and had horrible service with the manager there too. It's just upsetting. . . C'mon... for a nice restaurant with great reviews, you should know to never mess around with a customer's food when they're hungry -- especially when they're also hungover! . . NEVER AGAIN. I could've settled with Earl's Sandwich even though I ate there for three consecutive days. Would've been so much better than this though.
I wanted to cry by the time I left this place. I'm a big fan and haven't been to any of his other restaurants so I was super excited to hunt this place down.. . I didn't mind the wait to get in but the hour long wait to get my burger on top of waiting an hour to get in was accompanied by waiting almost another hour after I had to send my food back.. . The problem? I ordered my burger medium-well but received it rare. I figured it would be a quick fix, especially since we were sitting at the bar overlooking the kitchen but it wasn't. On top of that, the service was pretty terrible. I don't think I saw the girl who was our server more than once. It wasn't until after I visibly looked upset that another server offered me coffee while I waited, which I was charged for. I was 3 hours in at this place by the time I got my food. At that point, I had told my boyfriend he could go wander if he wanted, which left me eating my burger alone with my fries that were now cold. They didn't comp any of the food and they definitely didn't show any reaction other than being annoyed during a busy night.. . I don't recommend going to this place. It seemed like they didn't care at all about providing good service or food cooked the way it was ordered since they seemed to be raking inmoney from tourists pouring in. Won't go back. Sucks...
~EAT SOMEWHERE ELSE & SAVE YOURSELF A SO-SO EXPERIENCE~. . We were really disappointed in the food and service we received.  . . We were, of course, excited to be eating at Gordon Ramsay's famed restaurant after having seen many of his programs. . . The hostesses in the front were very pleasant and professional, although their polyester cheerleading-esque uniforms were both horrifying and curious.  They seated us at a table after a 35-minute wait (this is 'short' compared to most nights).  Once seated, it took our server a more than the customary few minutes to greet our table.  When he arrived he dropped off an iPad, and rushed away to another table.  He could have asked us if we wanted water.  . . When he returned we were relieved when we were able to put our order.  We ordered an American Burger and Just Fries to share.  The burger was just okay, although a little economical on the meat portion, and the bun a bit too 'bready'.     The fries, however, were really disappointing.  The asking price of $9 for plain fries was definitely not justified.   They were dry, not hot and overcooked.  We tried to dip them in the sauces provided but that didn't help.  The sauces themselves were overly complicated and not to our liking. . . Our server did not return on his own to check on our meal.  We had to flag him down, to ask for a side of mayo in one last attempt to salvage the fries.  The back waiter returned with two ramekins: one with mayo and one with a truffle aioli.  Yes, truffle aioli.  Hello 10 years ago called and they want their truffle anything back.   We then tried dipping the fries in both of the mayos.  Again, they weren't sufficient enough to hide the dry, overcooked and luke-warm overall texture.. . We had decided we couldn'twait for another batch of fries.  We finished our burger and ate a few fries off the top because after our long wait in line, we were hungry.  By the end of our meal there were at least 3/4 of the fries left in the cone.  If they had been better, we would have definitely finished them.    . . We told our waiter the feedback on the fries, just so the kitchen could know.  He said he would take them off the bill, but that we "should've told him" and he "could have sent out fresh fries".  I have two issues with this: first of all, a Gordon Ramsay restaurant should never send out stale fries (Why did the expeditor do that? Food should be consistently fresh and good no matter what time it is. ), and second, a server should always simply apologize and ask what else s/he can do to make things better.  Our server made a cursory apology but his words and tone suggested he wasn't sorry and that we were somehow at fault.  He did not even ask us if we wanted dessert.  He dropped off the check without even saying "thank you".  He only said "here you go".  We would have liked to have heard: I am very again sorry about the fries, would you like some dessert on us? . . Having over 20 years experience in the restaurant industry, I was truly disappointed and shocked that BURGR doesn't have better trained staff and  excellent and consistent food.  I am sure Gordon Ramsay would have been equally disappointed with our experience.  We will not be back as a result of our encounter at BURGR.  This is our first, and perhaps last Gordon Ramsay restaurant experience.
It's painful to give BurGR two stars, but based on my experience on 07/08/2013, it was deserved and warranted. Since my first visit on 03/14/2013, I have been RAVING about this place. I even stated that it was my Top 5 favorite burger and fries! It was a big deal. Which is even more of a reason it was so disappointing to receive the horrible quality of food and service the second time.. . The hostesses were gracious and the wait time was accurate, very respectable. Our server was very kind, but as the meal went on, it was clear that he didn't care very much. Our water glasses would empty without even a glance from our server or any of the many bussers walking around. It was like being ignored and unfortunately, it wasn't just our table! . . I ordered the Farm Burger, medium rare. I'm usually worried about the proper cooking of my steak/burger, but it was perfect during my first visit, so I didn't even think about it. Yeah, I should have worried. It was disappointingly medium and slightly dry. Sad. Everything else was really nice on the burger though! My friend ordered the Euro Burger (which I had last time) and we didn't realize at the time that it didn't come with one of the burger's main components: the oven-roasted tomato (and now that I think about it, the aioli seemed nonexistent as well..)! Why did that happen?! It wasn't until I looked back at photos from my first visit that I realized it was missing! We both ordered the Truffle Parmesan Fries because of my recommendation and again, disappointed. I received a batch of dry, overcooked fries. So sad! My friend's fries were really good and the truffle aioli was awesome!. . So after the meal, we asked to have our burger and fries boxed, which our server was happy to do. When he came back, I had this weird feeling that I should check the contents (probably because of the "stellar" experience preceding this moment) and surprisingly, my burger was missing! Seriously, what is going on??. . Finally, when our server brought back our leftovers, he was ready to get our check without even bothering to ask if we wanted dessert. It's really not a deal breaker, however, I know most restaurants want their servers to ask if diners want to consume more food and beverages (he didn't ask if I wanted another cocktail either) or at least suggest dessert. . . Not a pleasant experience. The fries are still some of the best fries ever, but it's tough to think about ever going back after everything that happened. Sad to say.
Really if I spend over $100 for a simple burger meal for 4 it should be spectacular and this was not.   Burger was tasty but dry, no sauce of any sort on the burgers, we ordered three different. The service was just adequate  I had high hopes, love burgers and this was my choice for birthday meal, and its Gordon Ramsey!  He spouts off about his greatness but it sure wasn't all that.
I had high hopes for this burger joint but the food was just meh. We ordered the honey-pig bao buns and it seemed like we were just eating the bun! An order comes with two buns and the meat to bun ration was like 1:5 ! The smallest piece of meat ever with cucumber, radish, and cilantro that did not go well together at all. Yuck. I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger that came with roasted jalepeno peppers, avocado, and oven roasted tomatoes which all sound like it would be a heavenly burger, right? Wrong! It didn't taste like 1 whole burger, but rather just eating parts of it together. The boyfriend got the chili dog which had roasted fresno peppers, jalapeno, cheese, avocado, onion, and chipotle ketchup. All sounds like amazing ingredients!! But the taste.. it did not marry well together at all. So disappointing. The truffle parmesan fries were the only thing that saved this meal.
Wait time: 20 minutes  (week day). . Staff was friendly. Like the fact that they're technological. waitress showed an Ipad to choose my drink? Fancy, indeed.. . appetizer: Maui onion rings..Delish!. . decided to put my taste buds on fire. I went with the hells fire burger? Nice bite , but I wouldve expected a lil more heat with it? I guess my tollerance for heat/hotness of peppers is high? . . My friend sampled my burger, she said it was "too hot" for her. eh...wuss. . . Overall, Not bad. I wouldnt make this a "must" dining experience. . They needed our feedback on this service/food after we ate. I thought it was "optional"?  I guess not at this place.. . so a restaurant finding its weakness'? bravo in improvement.
Aww.. I don't know if it's because I love Gordon on TV, I watch his shows, his cooking shows, and read his books.. Do I expect to much??? . I was so excited to sit in his Burger joint, I could hardly wait to choose from his menu.. A couple things I have pet Peeve's about: . 1. If you charge a Big Price you must Deliver, If you are going to charge $10.00 for a order of Fries or Onion Rings, at least make sure they are MADE TO ORDER! . I am sorry Gordon but at this restaurant, at this level, . . . Really, a window to let the Apps. be Pre-Cooked? ? ? . 2. Make sure food is cooked to order, if it's not, then it had better be Heated toa HOT temp.. ( Unless it's sushi ) I like my food Hot and Smokin' still! AKA MADE TO ORDER!. 3. If it doesn't taste good, I send it back. . The burger I ordered was the Duck Bacon, Egg, and Medium Rare... ( Border line Hot) but the flavor impact was there and I was thankful that the Bun was at least Toasted. . . Have to have a Toasted Bun right? . Unfortunately, for the price, service, and food, I won't be dining back... It was sad.. I wanted more... . It's a long line and not worth the wait, I'd rather go down the road to In and Out... . At least there I know everything is Cooked to Order! 1/4 the price as well for 4 people to eat for what you'll pay for one person... . Thank You, but ... so sad... Gordon' i am loosing faith in your restaurants...
Cons- Long wait with terrible service. The waitresses have way too many tables and don't check on you enough. After we were seated we waited 15 mins to order. After we ordered we waited 20 mins for our milkshakes and we were supposed to have fries with them. They brought the milkshakes without the fries and forgot the spoon with the milkshake. We had to wait another 10 mins to get our spoon, no joke.. . After about 40 mins we got our burgers. They brought the fries out when we were half way though our burgers. They also forgot to put the sauce on my girlfriends burger so we had to ask for it. More waiting.. . Verdict. Service ruined everything. Fries and burger were pretty good though not worth the time we waited to be seated and definitely not worth the horrible service.. . The milkshakes were fake tasting and not worth the price. The pudding was a nice touch but the fake flavor was unbearable.. . I will never go back and would not recommend to anyone. Not like Chef Ramsey gives a shit, he doesn't cook at any of these places he just slaps his name on it.
Let me start by saying this: I'm not trying to insult anyone, but don't ever wait more than 45 minutes to be seated at a restaurant..that specializes in BURGERS. That's dumb. Go somewhere else. . . One word to describe this place: Unimpressive. . . Whenever I hear the name Gordon Ramsay, I immediately think of Kitchen Nightmares. I think of the way he tries to help places improve the quality of their service, food, and overall experience. Well, Gordon Ramsay needs to help his OWN restaurant out. Here's why.... . I was actually considering giving this place one star, but then I remembered that I enjoyed my glass of wine. I was part of a party of 7 people, and we went to BurGR because the birthday girl had been there before and loved it. . . The whole wait thing was solved by someone heading there and putting our name down, and saying we would go at a certain time. We only waited about 10 minutes for our party to be seated. The server was really nice and accommodating - he brought over two iPads (COOL!) and explained the drinks to our party. . . We ordered the jalapeno poppers and truffle parmesan fries to start off. Jalapeno poppers were not impressive, but the presentation was nice. They were placed in shot glasses of ranch, so I thought that was pretty cool. Were they absolutely delicious? No. The truffle parmesan fries were another story. They were completely laughable. They were too soft - the only crispy fries were the burnt ones at the bottom. Already off to a bad start... Everyone in my party ordered a different burger: American, Hell's Kitchen, Farm, etc. I ordered the Euro Burger. .  . The perfect word to describe my burger: Unimpressive. Nothing about it was great. It has truffle aioli, goat cheese, arugula, and "oven roasted tomato." LOL. Stupid. The meat itself was not flavorful and the different ingredients didn't help the burger at all. . . Let's talk about SERVICE now. . . If my party is paying $20+ a person for a BURGER, I better have the BEST fucking service imaginable. HOLY SHIT. I cannot believe that people would come back to this place. I've had better service at the Denny's on the strip. To me, service is one of the most important aspects of a restaurant, and this place was completely lacking. Our server got changed about 15 minutes after we were seated and we had someone who lacked the customer service skills necessary to work at a restaurant that is so incredibly pretentious. . . Another thing that REALLY bothered me was the fact that AFTER waiting 45 minutes to get our food they fucked up our order. Someone in my party was left with no food. The girl who brought our food came around with an extra American burger, and after we told her that it's not what our friend ordered, she gave us an attitude and walked away mad. WHAT THE FUCK. We weren't rude about it - all we said was "That's not what he ordered." HER: Are you sure? No. We're not sure. We have fucking dementia. That was the server who wrote the order down wrong. . . To top it off, all the manager did was walk over and say "Oh. Sorry. I'll tell the kitchen to make your food right now." UMM. Yes. Let's ALL finish our burgers and watch our friend eat air. He didn't even offer him an appetizer, or say, "Hey! Burger's on us. Sorry about that." To me, that's a fucking joke. . . One thing I noticed too - if a manager has to walk around and apologize that food is taking so long and that his servers are not being attentive... YOU HAVE A PROBLEM. A manager should NOT have to walk around and make excuses for anyone. FIX YOUR SHIT. . . If all you care about is taking a picture and tagging yourself at this place, then by all means, go here. If you want bad service, meh food, and be able to look at your drink menu on an iPad, then COME HERE. As for me? Sorry. I'd like to think that I have better taste in places. I would never come back here again. The service SUCKED. The food was blah. And the prices were ridiculous. . . This place is just too hyped up and is not for me. A name doesn't make a place.
If you're expecting to be wowed i would suggest going elsewhere..  After asking the hostess how long the wait would be approximately and she estimated 30 minutes... My partner and I waited in line from 8:59pm on a Sunday night.. with 34 other patrons lined up before us... until 10:04pm... . . We were standing at the front of the line for 14minutes while 5 other large groups were seated first and then i watched impatiently for another 5 minutes while 2 tables were free but the 3 'hostesses' were too busy doing not a whole lot, to seat us.. . When i finally asked how many other groups were in front of us she promptly replied they were waiting for tables to be cleared.. when clearly they weren't. . . I probably wouldn't have minded if the staff were flat chat and run off their feet but i was disgusted to see 15 empty tables shortly after i was seated with still a ridiculous long line outside..(4 of these tables were ready for patrons but the hostesses were 'busy'). . . Our server was great although it was a little difficult to hear him with the noise inthe restaurant.  . . Food came out in a reasonable amount of time which was surprising and what was also surprising was how bland the Hells Kitchen Burger was. The meat was cooked well, the ingredients were fresh but it lacked the pizzazz and spice that you would expect after reading the description. Onion rings were probably the best i've ever had - crispy, light and full of flavour without being overpowering. Sweet potato fries were good and the fury chicken appetisers were tasty enough. The chicken soba salad was fresh and a good size however a couple of the flavours clashed. . . A table of 6 left shortly after we were seated and the table was not cleared the entire time we were there, along with a 2 seater table next to us. That would explain why we were waiting for a ridiculous amount of time. . . 2 managers on duty and neither thought it was in their interest to ensure the tables were cleared or the patrons were seated in a prompt manner. Instead... they were happily giggling and chatting in a corner with a few of the waitstaff. . . 1 star because our server was competent, 1 star because we didn't have to wait long for our food and the onion rings were great.. . Apparently the general manager of this place is Darren Heller (our server informed us of this because i didn't want to speak to a clearly incompetent manager on duty) Darren this place clearly needs an overhaul... perhaps Gordon Ramsey would like to review his own named restaurant..  . . All in all a complete letdown on top of a ridiculously appalling wait time. Would i recommend you to go there? Hells no.
I didn't get it. Food was overwhelmingly spicy and I do like spice just not THAT much. I liked the garlic aoli with the truffle fries; the fries themselves were good but didn't wow me (best truffle fries ever - Canlis in Seattle, WA). I didn't really like my burger, I got the Hell's Kitchen Burger and the meat wasn't really juicy and I was expecting more of a brioche bun. Meh, maybe I was expecting something completely different than what they were offering. Even the atmostphere felt cheap to me though, sticky yellow plastic placemats and dirty paper menus. Service was good. My friends also loved their food and the place but I wasn't feeling it. We were passing by, saw the line and got in it just in time at around 11am and they seated us within 20 minutes. Another fun thing is seeing all the kegs they have by the restaurant/casino/mall entrance.
ummm, I hoped for better having eaten burgers all over and read the Yelp reviews.. . As a solo diner I had a very short wait 5 minutes compared to couples 40, and quads 90 minutes.. . The service: generally very friendly and helpful, veeerryyy short skirts and I'm no prude.. . Food: After all the most important part was where it all fell apart, the menu sounds great, bus as all Ramsey meals I've had so far fell far short. My special cheeseburger with Goat's Cheese etc was anything but. They clearly cooked it to order as it as rare as requested, but just didn't taste of anything much, and with that much cheese is a crime. Truffle fries, were in a large portion and well fried but had little taste and we're by no means the best I've tasted. The idea of covering truffle fries in Parmesan cheese also seems wrong, were there to be any Truffle taste originally it's unlikely to survive parmesan.... . The prices were steep and though I didn't pay for it (had a credit in the hotel) I felt like for the quality I would have been unhappy were I to have....
Burgers are a bit small for the price.  I wasn't blown away by what was served here.  Everything is almost a la carte so expect to spend about $20 a person just for the food (no drink, tax or tip). . Food also took awhile to come out.  Not too crazy about this place.
The Good: The burGR was good. Onion rings were good.  Service was good.. The Bad: Table next to ours had the Truffle/Parmesan fries and sent them back as "so salty they're inedible".. The Ugly: The burGR was not so good that it warranted charging another $9 for sweet potato fries that weren't that good (limp), dusted with powdered sugar, and accompanied with a sweet honey mustard condiment.  Thats: Sweet, under Sweet, dipped in Sweet.  Too much sweet in the middle of lunch if you ask me.. Sweet usually works well as a dessert, not so much as a side.... . Grade: Fail.  There is no shortage of truly great burgers out there, just not here.
Waited 45 minutes to be seated in a half empty restaurant at lunch time. That was odd.  The service was slow and inattentive, and the food mediocre.  However, it's a burger joint, and I am sure it's difficult to crank out burgers all day and have them all be perfect.  I will try it again some day, because I'm a fan of Gordon Ramsay.
Even though the line was long, we only waited aprox 10-15 min to be seated. Our hostess and waitress were very friendly and nice. We got refills instantly on beverages without having to ask - a HUGE plus. But it took 37 mins to get our burgers and fries. Our burgers were cooked to our asking but lacked any taste, definitely needed more seasoning, salt and pepper are not provided on the table. The tomatoes in my burger were about 1/2 an inch thick, had to remove them so's to get a decent bite, because the burgers stand tall. The fries were equally bland, hardly any flavor and very dry - McDonalds fries win hands down! My husband was upset that we didn't get regular ketchup. We received 3 different flavors, which one was spicy and bitter, one was sweet/hickory and bitter, the 3rd was just gross. The fourth flavor was a Parmesan something-or-other, which was the better tasting of all. The music was really loud, felt like my husband and I were shouting at each other. Overall disappointing considering it's Gordon Ramsey, we expected more because it is Gordon Ramsey's restaurant. Needless to say, we shan't be returning but the experience was fun. Because it was our anniversary dinner date, rather than getting upset, we passed the time making fun of our food.
Oh boy, I am very sad to report that I was so disappointed after my experience here. . My boyfriend is a fan of chef Gordon Ramsay so it was a must-go-to place on our list. . . The wait wasn't very long, we requested to sit at the counter to be able to see the chefs cooking. This "live action" was not so entertaining. The staff was very slow at getting our food to us (bizarre as we are sitting RIGHT IN FRONT of them). I was literally sitting and drooling while looking at the untouched maui onion rings, wondering why no servers were claiming it and why it wasn't coming to me! I'm generally a fair person when it comes to waiting but this placereally pushed my patience.. . Out of everything on their limited menu, the only enjoyable dish was the maui onion rings. I'd highly recommend it but unfortunately won't be coming back just for it. Burger patty was a little overdone and the shake we had was way too sweet for me.
I'm sorry to say this but this joint is over rated.. . I ordered the Hell's Kitchen and it came a little lukewarm and on a closer note to being cold. The beef patty was decent but not say fantastic.. . For the price and location, I really expected more.. . Had the truffle fries too and again it was cold and soggy. Overall a terrible experience.
Everything is overpriced. The burger itself tasted bland, nothing really special. For 14 dollars I would have at least expected the meat to be flavored. The fries were good. Soda's are 4 dollars!!!  Strip Burger/ Smash Burger... Burger Bar... All better places and cheaper to.  Not worth the time or money.
Came on on my last day of my Vegas visit, because my friends wanted to try it out.. . The long was pretty long getting in, but we had the choice of giving the hostess our number to be on the waiting list.. She said the approximate wait for us was about an hour and a half. We waited close to 2 hours and 15 minutes.. . Upon seating, it took us about 10 minutes to decide what we wanted to order. Our party consisted of 8 people. We each ordered a burger and a total of 3 different styles of fries.. . It took a almost an hour for our food to come out, the wait was quite disappointing. For the whole hour of waiting all we had in front of us were drinks. Not even our fries came out yet. After 45 minutes, we asked them to check on our food. Sadly my friend said it in a not so well manner, as we were all in a bad mood. "Umm, excuse me. Wheres are food? we've been waiting for a long time and even the our appetizers didn't come out yet." The Waitress responded. "Oh, wheres your food? uh... they're making it?" She said this with a nice friendly smile, as if were just messing around, but I can assure you we were really irritated.. . After another 15 minutes had passed, Our food finally came out. All 8 Burgers. Another 5 minutes, 2 fries came out, and another 5 after, the last order of fries.. . The food was great. At first I was thinking, 16 dollars for just a burger and it doesn't come with sides? Better be bomb.. . The burger was good, but I expected way more, considering the preparation took a good hour. The size of the burger wasn't out of the ordinary. Looked average compared to any other Burger joints.. We had gratuity but we tipped a little more, not because the service was great or anything, but because some of us were and are servers ourselves, so we tip generously. If I don't know the struggles of a waiter, I'd probably just tip 15% for this experience.. . All in all, I was quite disappointed with this place, I probably will not be visiting again. I'd much rather go to "The Counter" or any other restaurant who's specialty is in burgers. The Food quality seems the same to me, (The Counter may be bigger in size depending on what you order, but the tastes is hardly a difference) but the prep time for food is much more reasonable then this place.. . At least on the day I visited. [Sunday Afternoon: 1:15p-4:00p ish]
Maybe it was the hype... Gordon Ramsay, ya know? but honestly, for the price, and "hype. Was well below what was expected. The wait, was not so bad. Went at about 9-10pm on a wednesday the 28th of august. We waited maybe 20minutes, not bad IMHO. . We were seated next to the flaming bugr sign. While cool, they definately need to add something to cool that area down, it's a bit warm from the flames. Although, wasn't TERRIBLE. just not the most pleasant place to sit. . . The wait inside. HOLY CRAP. slow service. For the most part, they're cooking HAMBURGERS. Just a hamburger, and some hotdogs. How long should this take? The menu isn't very big for entrees. Another waitress came by and saw the slight misery in my face while awaiting for our food. It was a good 30 minutes. and that is after the good 10 or so minutes of waiting to actually take our order.. . The burger. Was pretty darn good. Not $15 good for a burger, but pretty darn good. I know that I'm not paying for a $15 burger, I'm paying to eat at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. We opted for Onion Rings instead of the fries, excellent choice in my opinion. They were pretty darn delish. If I were to ever come here again, it'd be for that. . . When complete, it took a while to receive our ticket. I believe our total time spent inside, was a tad over an hour and a half from being seated. Overall, food was good, ruined by long ass wait for anything.
I think Gordon Ramsey needs to practice what he preaches. I love his shows where he is always complaining about the food being too cold or raw. I had lunch at about 1:30 pm.    I had the damnation chicken burger which was served slightly above room temperature. It taste fine but there was no heat to the burger that boasted jalapino as a main ingredient. I did not see a jalapino anywhere. It was cooked through and served on a plate with no garnish just an empty plate.. I also got the chocolate and carmel milkshake. This was served just above room temperature. Not cold like a good shake. It also had the caramel as a layer on top of the chocolate. I had to stir the shake to combine the caramel into the chocolate and since it was filled so high it spilled over the edge down the side and onto the table. I had to get someone to clean up the mess.. I also got the sweet potato fries. They were also served just above room temp. Covered in powdered sugar with a dipping sauce that was like weak lemon curd it was more of a dessert that fries. The fries were cooked well but I could only eat about one-fourth of the order. (It was a huge amount of fries that could easily feed two or three people.) I was so over taken by the sugar on the fries that I had to stop eating them as I was starting to not feel well. By the time I left I was not well at all. I started having an upset stomach and really bad gas as well as feeling like I had motion sickness. This continued all night and I felt so bad I could not eat anything  for the rest of the night. That was last night This morning I feel better but bloated.. I was not impressed with the food though I really wanted to be impressed. The decor is nice and the staff is young and sexy. I guess Gordon is selling sex appeal to make up for the food. The music was bit loud so people had to talk louder to be heard which made for a very loud lunch. They had wide screen tv sets to watch so I watched all the fast food commercials. I spent $40 with tax and tip for lunch. I have had meals at Red Robbin and Subways that I have enjoyed more. Go by the place and take pictures of the fire wall but pass the meal and get something cheaper at the food court.
At times I get overwhelmed and I struggle coming up with catching words to have my followers get my point. Every burger should be made by an american chef. All due respect Chef Ramsay but your burGR is horrible. Wow. the wife and I were so excited that we made reservation @this burger joint a.k.a. GR BurGr restaurant located inside the Planet Hollywood hotel on the vegas strip BLV. . . We both were so excited, we decided to order the Wings/ Japano poppers. The wings were super nasty and frozen b4 deep fried. and way too dry. Chef Ramsay can be such a hypocrite at talking S*** at all the other restaurants for "entertainment" yet his own restaurants are suffering in both quality foods and services. Shame on the restaurant for using frozen foods for customers that are paying high dollar for their foods. . . The waitress kept on apologizing to us on how he's so "busy" and that our burgers should be served soon. He was able to bring me and the wife our drinks but yet no refills. I mean am having a beer, I like to keep the buzz going during and after my meal. If he/she stop serving beer, the buzz will go away... So, yes the buzz went away after 20mins waiting for my beer. . . The next bigger issue I had was my burger was over cooked. i asked for medium well burger, to be juicy from the inside and crispy from the outside. The burger was so overcooked and dried I stopped after the 2nd bite. I told the waitress about the issue, and he said "Awww am so sorry." He also added, "I'll make sure this will not happen next time." Umm... who is stupid enough to do the mistake again twice? Call me a fool once but don't you dear call me a fool again!! . . What a waste of $87 for two people that was at this restaurant. I cant even be funny or have a sense of humor writing this because of the disappointment I had w/ the wife at our wedding anniversary night. . . Anyway, I wouldn't go back even if Chef GR himself gave me his sincere apology. That is how bad this place was and the sadness it caused us two. . . Grade: F and "bloody horrible mate" as the good english GR would say. Overall, me and the wife admired him and his shows the past few years. After dinning in at one of the many restaurant he has in the United States we lost all respect to him as a chef and an entertainer as well.
Mr. Ramsey, what happened to the amazing chef I have seen on TV, sending back food for not being good enough. I guess that is only on TV. . . We arrived late on a Saturday night so excited to experience for the first time a Gordon Ramsey restaurant. I am a huge fan of his and was excited to experience this place. The wait was not long at all. Our server was nice but seemed very rushed and not attentive at all. I asked what she would recommend and said that people order a lot of the Farm Burger- I think that was a recommendation, not quite sure? I decided to try it any way, since who could go wrong with Duck Bacon (mind blown) we also ordered the truffle fries and sweet potatoes fries. The food came out pretty quickly and the server who delivered the food very quickly went over what is in each burger. The farm burger had duck bacon and a runny egg. The bun was nice a soft and made in house. The burger just did not have any flavor or seasoning. It was very plain. The truffle fries on the other hand were amazing, jammed pack with flavor!  . . Overall it was nothing to rave about. For the cost, I will not be back to have another burger. For a chef who prides himself on flavor and perfection, this is far from it. I would be a little embarrassed if I were him.
$17 dollar burger, terrible service, and the sandwich absolutely was not outstanding.. . I wouldn't say the burger was bad; it was, in fact, relatively good. Just not $14 good; especially for not coming with a side. The $17 above came from the fact that mushrooms on top were $3 without warning from the waitress. I was really looking forward to this sandwich, but the overall experience led to a bust. I've had burgers that were more enjoyable than this at a much lower cost. Having to be there for 2.5 hours due to slow service wasn't cool; neither was having to split our own check while ensuring that taxes were properly calculated. Having everyone's drink (water & soda) brought out one-by-one, with long intervals was also interesting... in a bad way.
While we were fortunate to get a table within 5 minutes, and our waitress was very friendly, what a disappointment this visit turned out to be. . . $16 for a tough overcooked burger (that tasted like it started out frozen) isn't something I yearn for. And while the fig-oniony sauce sounded fab, there was so little of it on the burger that only one bite showcased the flavor so what's the point? Lastly on the burger, the bun was hard and stale, seems to me a burger joint should be able to do better than this. . . Best part of the meal was the onion rings, with nice and crispy batter and the cheesy ranch was an interesting dip. . . We finished off lunch with the sticky toffee pops and those were icky. The ice cream was crystally like it'd been frozen a very long time, and the cake portion was cloyingly sweet.. . After today's meal, the conclusion is I won't need to return.
Nothing special. Just another place trying to capitalize off a famous name. I doubt Gordon Ramsey is aware of the quality of the food here. Also, it is in Planet Hollywood. This casino has the worst parking. You have to walk a mile from the parking structure to get anywhere.
Just ok - I think I had higher expectations.
I see so many 4-5 star reviews for this place, but after trying so many menu items, it has to be about the burgers and my experience was particularly bland.  One of my friends and his girlfriend were raving about this place, since they came the previous month and told me that I had to come try it for myself.  We had the following:. . **Jalapeno Poppers: Now these are legitimately awesome, and would get them on their own.  Great taste, not to spicy and a perfect sauce.  . . **Fries (Truffle Parmesan/Sweet Potato/Regular): These were all delicious, as was their accompanying sauces. . . **Hells Kitchen Burger: So shouldn't this be the main event?  I was anxiously awaiting some crazy taste bud exploding moment of ecstasy that never came.  The meat was bland, the cheese didn't have much of a taste and I never felt like I tasted the peppers.  I did get it medium, so I was surprised that it was so devoid of flavors.  What happened to this supposedly insane burger?. . Service wasn't good.  After we ordered, the waiter mentioned that since the burgers taken 30-45 minutes to make, we might want to think about some appetizers.  Great, thanks for letting us know.  We ordered three (3) appetizers, and they came out about 25 minutes later.  3-4 minutes after that all our burgers came out.  So much for getting appetizers to hold us over for our meal. We all had suspicions that our tab was intentionally  raised, but whatever.  . . Since we had players cards, we had a small discount on the food, which amounted to about $20.  He forgot to apply it, and he said he would after he ran our credit/debit cards.  He "forgot" yet again, until I explained to him that he had not ran our players card discount.  He did finally corrected it, but after I spotted it twice.  My party felt like he was doing way too many things on "purpose" to forget to apply the discount.  . . The funny thing is that I did not want to say anything about my experience at BurGR with my friends since one of them really wanted us to go try it out.  It wasn't until we went to Fat Burger right before we were heading back home that two of my friends commented on how much better Fat Burger was than BurGR, at a fraction of the price.  And I completely agreed in not only cost but in flavor.. . I might try it out again, since so many people rave about it.  But I may have to share a plate in case I am disappointed again.
I was really really excited to try this restaurant. Not only because of Gordon Ramsey and his standards, but because the food looked amazing. . Got there and the line was quite long, which is fine. Went to the Asian hostess and ask for a table for 2 and she old me the wait would be 20/30 minutes. Sure, no problem. While waiting I got a call from a friend saying that he wanted to join us but wasn't sure yet. Asian Hostess comes to check again "so table for 2 right? I'm just making sure". I said, YES but a 3rd person might join us for drinks. She said "oh no. That changes everything. Your wait now is going to be 1 hr. And I said ok, I will make sure he's coming and I will let you know ASAP. She looked at me and said "AND DONT EVEN TRY TO SNEAK A 3rd PERSON TO A TABLE FOR 2, OR ELSE YOU'RE GETTING KICKED OUT!" I was like "excuse me? Get kicked out of a restaurant? Are you serious?" She said "that's how my manager is". That KILLED my experience. I was really really upset. After that, I dont even remember how my burger tasted like. The straw is shorter than the cup... You have to fish it with your fingers to drink out of it. Definitely NOT the attitude I expected from a GORDON RAMSEY restaurant and his standards.
I honestly was disappointed with this place. I felt like the local mom and pop stores near my neighborhood had better burgers. The shakes were bomb, and that was the best part of the meal for me. The onion rings and fries were also just okay, but the sauces I thought were great,
The food and service was outstanding but I saw something that really disturbed me.... I was sitting with my friend having my drink when I saw a larger asian man grab a tiny (and these girls are super tiny, their uniforms are not meant for anything larger than a size 8) female server rather aggressively by her arm. And I don't mean a gentle tug, I mean a very aggressive and forceable yank, which was then followed by a rather nasty talking-to. IN full view of guests.  I am so shocked that a manager would out right physically and verbally assault an employee, much less in full view of guests. I work in the industry and if anyone ever touched me like that, I would call the police. I am so ashamed of myself for not speaking up at the moment. I'm going to have to think long and hard about ever coming to this establishment again.
1st burger was too rare, 2nd burger still too rare... 3rd burger was crispy and burnt tasting... Makes no sense because my fiance and I ordered the exact same burger the same way and his was perfect. LOVED the half of his Hell's Kitchen burger I got to eat, the Truffle fries were AMAZING, and the Maui Onion rings were very tasty... With all that, I'm so incredibly disappointed with my experience. How I wish Gordon was there to rip someone a new one and make my burger himself.
I gave this place two stars because I ADORE Gordon Ramsay. I watch his shows and his food always looks like the perfect kind of decadent. This place was none of that.. . Maybe I was holding him to too high of a standard (not really because he is pretty famous for incredible food) but burgers are also something he makes a lot of places carry on their menu. I expected his to be the best. They weren't.. . First of all it was over an hour wait... for a burger! I ordered the spicy burger. It came out luke warm, not hot. It tasted like a regular old burger. The meat wasn't exceptionally juicy or flavorful the toppings were that of any other burger place at your local bar. The fries were the same, nothing special.. . If you are going to wait for an hour for a very famous chef's food,I am a firm believe that they better deliver. It was a disappointment. I will be taking any friends/family elsewhere when they visit :(
How can this be four stars, four stars of disappointment is more like it. The wait was not that long. From getting inline to sitting down it was only a thirty minute wait. The staff was attentive and pleasant. With high hopes I went for the Farm Burger, duck bacon sounded amazing, and as always I ordered it medium. . My girl friend was going ordered the same Farm Burger, due to the deliciousness sounding of duck bacon. Usually she orders her burgers rare, because restaurants usually mess up and it comes out medium rare. But, because this is Gordon Ramsay BurGR they should know how to cook meat. So she actually ordered it medium rare. The one of the good things we had were the truffle fries. They were amazing, the sauces that came with them were just ok. Overall, atmosphere is great and the staff is attentive. I feel that the burgers are just overhyped.
I was excited to try this gourmet burger hotspot.  We went here on Oct. 27th for dinner and the place was packed and it was only 5:30pm.  Walking up to the place it is quite an impressive site, it has a great vibe.  Even with the long line we were seated fairly quickly.. The menu is fairly limited but we came for burgers so that was fine with us.  Our apps came quickly - onion rings and the pork bao buns.  Rings were great and the bao was just ok.. I had the Hells Kitchen burger and it was ok.  Meat was bland and slightly undercooked for me.  I like beef on the rarer side but ground beef is kind of mushy when not cooked enough.  Not sure how this gets called the Hells Kitchen burger, there was one small roasted Jalapeno on the burger which I did not find until I was 2/3 of the way through the burger.  A few meager roasted tomatoes that were tasteless did not help.  Bun was fine but overall I just felt the burger was not that exciting.  My wife ordered the Euro burger which was a little better.  However, her burger was really charred on the outside and she ended up having to trim off some of the burger that was a little too black.  I probably would have just eaten it but she is sensitive to this.  . We had the truffle fries which were great.  Oreo cookie shake was outstanding.. I know of three spots in Santa Barbara the serve a better burger.
As much as I wanted to give this place a chance and believe it could be good .... It just isn't . Overpriced and simply not good. Proof that being famous doesn't mean you can cook. The place looks hip and cool and well designed but the food has a long was to go before it's even good. Bad service and and rushed servers. The outfits the poor women had to wear made most of them look like overinflated balloons. Made me think twice about getting a fatty burger when you. See some of these servers running around that could hardly fit into the horrible outfits management deemed suitable. Everything is overpriced and honestly nothing tastes good . Sorry Gordon maybe you should start offering a burger at McDonalds at least the quality would be better.
We were very excited to try a Gordon Ramsey restaurant on this trip.  Unfortunately, this experience left a lot to be desired.  If we were going to a Red Robin it would have been fine - but at a place where you are paying top dollar for a burger and the chief-owner touts himself to be the master of the dining experience, adequate is not acceptable.  The food was fine, nothing special about the burger, I had the apple, kale Caesar salad, it had 4 paper thin slices of apple and 5 shreds of kaleleaves with sub-par dressing.  The fries were over done and tastes old.  The only shining spot was the shake which was amazing.  As far as service,we waited for 30 minutes after finishing our appetizer and no one came by our table.  I finally had to flag down our waitress who informed me that that it does take a long time and she should have told me that.  Which seems absurd that a burger place would take that long.  When our appetizer, chicken sliders, came out moments after placing the order.  In a place like Vegas where there are so many amazing options, don't waste a meal here.
Totally overrated. . I don't think any of the beef here is grass fed, organic, or all natural. It tasted like the patties were previously frozen which is ridiculous if you're going to pay $15+ dollars for a burger. The jalapeno poppers were obviously pre-frozen with an inconsistent temperature. The only thing that was kind of good here were the onion rings. The staff here was effective and accommodating. We had two drinks, two appetizers, and two burgers; I think the bill with tip came out to around $90. If you're going to drop that kind of coin, go to the Bacchanal buffet at Caesars palace or another good buffet. This place is a joke and sometimes the line is long. Do yourself a favor and don't eat here unless you like cheap beef  in your burgers and  pre-frozen appetizers at a premium price.
I never review but, thought it was important because we are members of the International Food and Wine Society. We love great food, great wine and great chefs. Last Sat. we went to BurGR and my husband and I could not believe they served our wine in a cheap casino wine glass. When we told the waitress she informed us they didn't have any clean glasses at the time. My burger was dry and too much bun. My husband's was delicious and so where the fries. Mr. Ramsay should make sure his staff has plenty of wine glasses for those wine lovers. Personally I should have keep my reservation at Julian Serrano Restaurant.
Came in for the Sticky Toffee Pudding Pops, they weren't bad, but definitely too sweet for my taste, especially when you get to the bottom. The salted caramel was great though. The service is awful (luckily my friends and I bypassed the lines and went up to the bar to get our order), but there were a number of seriously disgruntled patrons waiting in line. One couple ended up cursing at the hostesses (there were 5 of them standing there, a fourth of the restaurant was empty, and a huge line was piling up outside), and then stomping out.
Sad to say I was very disappointed with my burger! :( It was very dry and plain. I would rather eat in n out.. Definitely not worth the price!!!
Seriously, people like the food?. . Ambiance is fun, service is good to excellent thus the two stars. . . Had the farm burger and the American burger, the meat tasted like processed meat or  a cheap meatloaf cut into slices.  The burger was cold, in fact both of them were cold.   I've had meatier tasting meat, I swear I was vegetarian that night and was eating a soy patti.  Alas, morning star veggie Patty  tasted better than this!. . Shocked at the good review of the food:  this hamburger did not compare to in and out burger!! Shame, bc Chef Ramsey is always so hard on people s food and his name is on a restaurant with this kind of food, makes you wonder if he ever tried it...  reality tv... sigh...
I do NOT know what the hype is. Their burger tastes like puree that's mashed together into a patty shape. Tasteless, horrible texture, cold and undercooked. The fries were bland, the sauces should be replaced with ketchup and the raspberry ice tea was the worst I've ever had. I only give them two stars, because the manager and waitstaff were incredible. He even comped our "next" meal because they saw we didn't eat our food. It was so bad that we're not going back for our free meal. McDonalds handily beats this place and is much cheaper.
Sat at the bar, since it was 9:30 on a Friday night and  I didn't want to stand behind the velvet rope to get a table for one. (Seriously. Do they think this is a club line at Caesar's?). . The bartender was very interested in serving me until I said "I'll just have a water until I order my burger." Sorry no big bar tab here.  Then he didn't acknowledge me for 15 minutes (which took some doing, since he was no more than 10 feet from me at any time). After trying to get his attention 2 or 3 times, I finally flagged down the other bartender to order my farm burger and fries. . . Then I started watching the Heat game on TV. . . 20 minutes later the first bartender finally made eye contact.  "Hey, let me check on your burger.". . He comes back and sheepishly says, "it should be coming soon, but can I bribe you with a beer in the meantime?" Sorry, I don't drink but at least he finally gave a damn. . . The burger came and it was juicy and delicious. Not the best burger I've ever had, but a quality burger. Four stars for the burger alone. . . I didn't like the fries at all. THey weren't really crispy but at least they weren't soggy or greasy either. Just like cubes of softened potatoes. . . I planned to order a milkshake for dessert, but I just wanted out at that point. And I had already hogged a seat at the bar for almost an hour (through no real fault of my own, but still...). . Anyway...fine...I get it...my tab was going to be $25 bucks instead of $50. Maybe it was all an honest mistake...who knows. . . But in the end, the burger was decent, the fries weren't great, and the bartender treated me like I was a homeless guy (despite the fact that I never said ONE word of protest or snarkiness)
Stayed at the Planet Hollywood resort so decided to try this restaurant despite its affiliation with Gordon Ramsay (don't like his screaming made-for-tv personality.) The wait staff was very polite although I don't see the need for the too small dresses.. . My Blue Burger was tasty but slightly overcooked. My friend's American Burger was greatly overcooked...he asked for medium and there wasn't a hint of pink in there. The "Just Fries" were tasty but we didn't like the Chipotle or Curry ketchups.. . To wrap-up my feelings, if you're going to only serve hamburgers, then you absolutely positively better be able to serve them as requested whether it is Medium or Well Done.
Not really impressed. I got the farm burger and it tasted like any ol burger. Truffle fries were good! But they are just as good at the yard house down the street from my home. I expected a bit more out of this place. :(
5 of us ate there Dec 9th for lunch. out of the 5 burgers, 4 were prepared incorrectly...extremely rare or very well done, it took a while to get waiter and he reordered 3 of them...2 came back the same way..mgr (female) finally came and took 1 burger off the bill.. Would not go back..too many places to eat in Vegas..they were not customer friendly with correcting the food..it was NOT extremely busy..steady, but not w waiting line (and the girls who check you in...stop talking and attend to someone in front of you waiting to get in!  perhaps it's Gordon's name but not his people..
Definitely NOT worth it.. The food was bland! . Gordon's idea of a limited menu may be nice but if the one main food on the menu is bland, then the entire restaurant is bland.. The fries were also just blah. Parmesan fries should maybe have some garlic or something. These were just salty so you had to dip it into the garlic aoili sauce to get flavor and cut the salt. but the aoli sauce is just glorified mayo. Nothing healthy here.. And what's with the fire display.. That is totally wasting a very limited resource of natural gas.. I'm NOT a fan. Even hubby, a burger lover, says that Slater's 50-50 burger in San Diego is miles ahead on flavor and quality.. My advice to Gordon, get some flavor in your meat and your fries.. Oh yes, the beer selections were good. I enjoyed the hard cider, yum. Best part of my meal.
This place is OVERHYPED.. . I was really excited to try their burgers because from all the pictures (including mine that I took when I went with my boyfriend) all look so delicious.. . Our conclusion right when we bit into the Hell's Kitchen Burger and Euro Burger: the meat tasted like Burger King meat patty.  NOTHING SPECIAL. Seriously. And that is our take on that. The bun was good quality though compared to burger king's buns, that's the only difference. Lol. . The only thing I really loved was their Parmesan fries and their sweet potato fries were also delicious. The sauces it came with are also delicious.. . The only time I'll ever go back to this place is for the Parmesan fries. But I know other restaurants where I can have it.. . We won't be back to this place again. It was nice to try once but not again.  We paid $60 with tip included for two burgers and two fries. The most expensive Burger King food I've ever had. If I wanted Burger King patty, I'll just take myself to Burger King.
Came here expecting greatness, was very disappointed. Ordered my burger med rare, got it well done. Don't think it would of mattered as nothing on my burger stood out from a burger I could of gotten  from my employee dinning room at work.
I've been here 3 times, and each time we were told "sorry, the kitchen's backed up" as an excuse for the slow and confused service. The first time, the fries and hot appetizers came out cold. The burgers are okay but not worth having to endure the frustration of dining here. . . If you do end up here, get the cheeseburger and a shake. And good luck.
If you do manage to get seated without starving to death in the line, get the coffee shake (Shake #5). This is a must-have shake!. . If you have the TR Diamond status or 7Stars, even better. You'll skip most of the line, if not all of it. Better yet, ask for your coffee shake to-go if that's all you want from there. As a matter of fact, that's the only thing worth getting there for me.. . Many people suggest the Oreo Shake, but I think you'll have to love Oreo to death for this shake to be the best. After a few sips (quite delicious sips I must say), the shake became unbearable, and I regretted ordering it. The burgers and hot dogs are definitely different than typical ones, but their "deliciousness to price ratio" is way too low. My friend estimates it at 10% whatever that means to him but still low nonetheless.. . Appetizers are quite overpriced. Food came out cold both times I went. If you like cold fries, then I am sure you will enjoy them.  Service is slow. Kitchen is backed up. Just more reasons to not want to physically dine there.. . For a Gordon Ramsay restaurant, I expected a more streamlined operation. Maybe Gordon Ramsay himself should expedite his kitchen like he does in his shows.. . I really wanted to be "wowed" by his restaurant, but I left with disappointment.. . 2 stars for being able to cut in line with my friend's TR card. Otherwise, the line is a good weight loss solution....The Gordon Ramsay Diet. It's GReat!
Very disappointing! Maybe our expectations were too high, from watching his shows we expected a higher level from the kitchen. We had truffle fries, farm burger,  and the Hell's Kitchen Burger.  All very under seasoned and tasteless.  Service was fine.
