-I ordered a whole milk latte.-. . New Lux is what some argue is a 3rd wave coffee shop. That's code for "we are a restaurant that serves coffee". And it shows, just as it has in every shop I've been to that tried it.. . Coffee: . The roasting method is half science and half magic. It's like the creationism of roasting. You stop roasting when it feels right. This causes quite a bit of variation from one visit to another.. . Baristas:. The staff here are as cool as any of your friendly neighborhood hipsters. They usually remember my name and they do enough volume in a shift to get good and practiced making latte art. . The grind is pre-ground which oxidizes the coffee before it is brewed.. The tamp appears to vary by the body weight of the barista.. The pull seems weird with a bunch of gauges that seem placed there for show as none of the staff seem to pay any attention to the contraption. . Milk steaming here is near perfection, with fancy pants latte art and proper cappuccinos. . . Tasting:. The temperature of the coffee is perfect, as this is a component mainly of milk steaming skills.. The pull today however, was far to the bitter side making my latte taste more like an IPA than a sweetly balanced coffee.. The staff is more than friendly and when the drinks are delivered they call out your name and drink. It's presented in proper china and with efficient but respectful flair. . . Shop: . I love people watching here, somehow this is the go to place for scenesters and the beautiful people of Phoenix. It's like that club you go to that only lets models in. . New Lux suffers from some of the same problems as Old Lux; seating is akin to taking up residence in a sardine can (but there is a lot more of it now!). The baristas are either hard of hearing or just prefer that no one can talk over the music, I usually just put my headphones in as earplugs so I can think.. Their internet is still free and is vastly superior to the wifi they had at the old Lux. . The drink prices are fair and what you'd expect at any specialty coffee shop, the pastries can get a little expensive. Credit cards are welcomed and the loyalty card gets every 11th coffee for free.. . Jeff is much more focused on the bar at this public house, which I'd recommend Lux for far more than for coffee.
I've been to Lux twice since they've made the move next door, and I figured it was ok to give a review. I have been to Lux countless times over the last few years. It has always been the place to see and be seen, with coffee service that is definitely above Starbucks, but I will admit struggles in certain areas. . . Lux, in its former space, was a small shop, always packed and definitely had its crowd. If you weren't a part of the crowd, you'd receive a "look" of, "hey, who are you?!" Look past that and hop in line for a cappuccino and it would make up for it.. . The new space, well... it caters to the exclusivity of the "hipster" crowd. Walk through the door that you THINK is the entrance... and wander around. The kitchen, espresso bar and cocktail bar are all broken up and there is no definitive flow of service. Also, is that a customer wearing the tight jeans and cardigan? Or is that the staff? Who knows? Luckily I have a friend who works there and was kind enough to show me around and how the flow of service works. If you're not that lucky, best of luck to you, as you're left to your own sense of direction as how to order, sit down, etc. From what I gather, you can order an espresso drink and sit wherever and they'll call your name when your drink is ready. However, I'm not sure about the cocktail bar. The only way I think you would order would be by sitting at the bar? Not sure about ordering food from the kitchen.. . I willadmit, I haven't ordered any food from Lux yet, apart from a pastry for my coffee. I had a croissant, which was pretty good and went really well with my cappuccino. I'm a fan of a free-pour cappuccino, however the cappuccino that I was served on this visit had the foam scooped on top. This confused me, because I saw other customers order a cappuccino and get one free-pour. Maybe it depends on the barista? Kind of inconsistent. I did sit down at the awkward cocktail bar and order a drink. The bar has normal height seating and a raised bar for the bartender. It's awkward when they lean down and tower over you to deliver a drink. Anyway, I ordered the "Number 47" cocktail with gin, Green Chartreuse, St. Germain, lime, mint and cucumber. I'm a huge fan of Green Chartreuse and gin so I was excited to try it. They didn't have any cucumber in house, so they made it without it. Jeff (the owner) commented, "Well today it's just the 46." Hmm... Alright. So I took a sip of the cocktail. It was decent. Nothing exciting at all. It was overpowered by the mint and the lime in the cocktail. It masked the green Chartreuse too much. It really NEEDED that cucumber to mellow out the mint and lime so you could taste all of the ingredients.. . Oh well... what can you do when the owner doesn't seem to mind that ingredients are missing? . . Overall, props to Lux for being busy at 3pm on a Thursday afternoon and being a successful establishment, which may be from the same established clientele from before the expansion. The coffee and pastry has remained the same, which is ok with me. However, the cocktail bar tries a little too hard, I think. Also, the decor and vibe has definitely turned Lux into the "hipster mecca" and excluded the general public from it's demographic. Which, I can't complain or comment too much, because they are doing just fine. The flow of the restaurant is choppy and confusing and the staff is less than considerate (with a few exceptions). There's my two cents, for whatever it's worth.
This place was not a favorite of mine.  I was hoping this was going to be a great coffee joint.  It looked promising.   There was a line, a long line,  which shows that Phoenix is desperate for a place like this.  They had a good selection of baked goods (quiche and pastries).  They have other items to order, but, according to the person taking our order, the menu changes and they did have one to look at.  She had to tell us what else there was to order.  This takes time and holds up the already long line.  If I was just stopping in and did not know to ask, I would not have ordered anything.  I ordered a mocha, the quiche and a scone.  They offered to heat up my quiche... mistake and I will get to that. . . The place to pay, pick up and fix up your coffee were in the same 5 or 6 foot square and with a line this long it got crowded quickly.  The other thing was that if you were not paying close attention you could miss you order.  They put the order out and call your name and that was it.  You then had to look over several drinks that look the same trying to sort out which is yours. . . My coffee came out quickly.  Then my scone a few minutes later... not sure why it took so long to get a baked good from a plate to the counter.  My quiche was warming and took much too long. I was with my wife's cousin and his made to order breakfast came out just as quick as my scone and the quiche was almost 10 minutes later, it was only luke warm.. . The scone (lemon poppy seed) was a little bland.  The quiche was... well see above and was only so-so.  The coffee was fine, but nothing special.  They want you to bus your dishes, but don't label the place to put the dishes. . . They had a DJ for on a Friday morning was a bit much.  The music was also too loud for a morning coffee joint.  I should not have to tell a DJ to turn the music down at a coffee joint in the morning.  This was a place where people were working, reading and socializing... it is not a night club, even if it was jazz.. . Another thing about the line... I actually saw several small groups leave after waiting too long.. . The people who started Lux saw potential, but I don't think they know how to run a coffee shop.  Unfortunately this is the only true game in town and people are going to put up with this until someone opens the competition.
Awkward set up that is messy and unorganized. It's one of those places where you are not sure what to do or where to stand or where to get your food and coffee - and they don't care. They are trying so hard to be hipster and cool that they forgot about customer service. They just need to re-think they way they operate, and I think they would rock, since the coffee is very good. The food is just average, however. My biggest complaint is that there is one dark haired short girl that works there that just seems out of it and rude. She does't look at you when you order, and then end up making you repeat yourself several times. Also - she's not very polite. Maybe I just wasn't hipster enough for her. . . I think most people go here b/c of the hype and to scope out others... If you don't feel like getting looked up and down while you drink your coffee, don't go here. Lola or Urban Beans are much better.
This place could be great if the service wasn't so rude. No one seems to care, and they never say thank you. Each time I've been here one of the little girls working at the counter has looked me up and down judgementally. . . The coffee was fine, but the cookie I had was wayyy too sweet for me. . . If you want to feel good about yourself, don't go here!
Always packed!  The atmosphere is always better than the coffee or the service but I just can't stay away.
pretentious staff and mediocrity. Coffee no better than Dutch Brothers and more expensive. A place to be seen in... for annoying self absorbed hipsters. At my age, I don't fit their douche demographic. Been here twice this week, but there's no sense of service with the staff.
The brewed coffee is okay, depending on the roast. The espresso drinks are disgusting. Their "house blend" used for their espresso drinks is WAYYY too roasted. Honestly, I think they scorch their coffee beans that they use for their espresso drinks. Additionally, they don't rinse the espresso spoons so each drink has burnt espresso residue.  ALSO, their chai is fucking horrible. Worst chai I think I have ever tasted in my life. I basically payed 4.75 for iced milk. Not strong at all. If I want espresso drinks, I usually go to Citizen or Grinders. . . Their food is pretty pricey as well and their portion sizes are pretty small. 10 dollars for an overdressed salad? No thank you. . . . Other than that, if you can over their hipster vibe and the non prescription glasses (which is fucking annoying, did you not graduate from high school???) , the atmosphere is great to crank out homework and it's the only coffee shop that's open late in Central Phoenix. . . I'm not old enough to drink at their bar yet, but from what I've seen, it looks pretty nice and they have a variety of alcohol. . . Oh and the brown haired girl, I think her name is Sasha, looks pissed off all the time(she is pretty hot though) And the tall white guy, I think his name is Sammy, is pretty bi-polar. Sometimes he is nice; other times he's an asshole.
Parking was difficult to find, there is no sign from the road that indicates where this place even is. They rush you in line to order your drink and/or food. I paid almost $12 for a coffee and breakfast sandwich and the sandwich wasn't even really that great. It was greasy and looked messy. . This place is pretty small so I can understand why it is packed, but it was not comfortable to sit and enjoy myself. The tables are super tall, so I felt like I was reaching up to type on my laptop.. The coffee was  at least decent. I got a caramel latte, except she made it iced, but it was still OK.. I probably won't return to this location ever again.
Fly to the Northwest and get some lessons. You don't have to sacrifice customer service for cool. Being new here from Seattle I know my standards are probably too high but the coffee shop is the 21st century pub. The idea that a cross section of community could be in one place is the value a coffee shop adds to community. That old, young, and all the other things that make humans different could come to one place is a pretty great and NOT new idea. I travel a lot, so my kids (15,13, 12) and I have a tradition that has become a pretty important time in their life and a great experience for us. Before I leave on a long business trip we go out late (on purpose) cause my kids think its cool to go out late, to a coffee shop, they usually get a hot chocolate or something and a get a drink, we laugh, drink our favorites, tell stories, I teach some valuable life lesson that they probably don't catch, we post some instagrams, then we go home, they sleep in and I'm gone providing for my family when they wake up.. . I am not bothered that this "coffee shop" doesn't serve coffee after midnight. I don't care that its a little hard to find (it added to the adventure) or that it was a little confusing when we walked in where to go or who to talk to (felt like we entered somones private club). What spun me is how we were treated. Lets start with - there was someone who worked there folding napkins who I walked past 3 times and finally had to stop her from what she was doing to find out who to order from, she then gave me a dirty look like I was bothering her and when she saw my kids with me she looked at me like "what the hell are you doing here?" I knew this was true when I OVER HEARD HER TALKING TO A COWORKER ABOUT US, AND MY KIDS BEING THERE! . Lux if you don't want kids there, hang a sign. And if your going to talk crap about your customers at least text and and take my money so I don't know it. And if you don't like your job, get a different one.. . The only positive, and the reason I gave this 2 stars instead of 1 is I finally got some help from the bartender who was pretty kind.. . Terrible first impression.
