Over priced, I've had MUCH better French food elsewhere.  You are basically paying for the fantastic service and the view.  I go to restaurants for food, not the service or the view so unfortunetly I have to stop at 2 stars.
The Eiffel Tower Restaurant sits on the 11th floor of the Paris' Eiffel Tower replica in Las Vegas; it provides a decor, atmosphere and dining experience that is fitting with its name (which you may either enjoy or find cheesy depending on your likes/dislikes).. . A private glass elevator takes guests up to the restaurant (kind of an interesting view of floors and activity on the way up and the way back down).  The elevators opens up to the kitchen where the chefs plate the food.. . The restaurant utilizes an old-fashioned dining room--plush red seating and white tablecloth--but the stodginess of it is cut dramatically by the view and utilization of the Eiffel Tower's metal legs within the restaurant.. . The tables are strategically placed so that many tables have a great view of The Strip (with the primary attraction being the Bellagio Fountains).  Lots of big floor-to-ceiling windows create the great view.  The metal framework cuts into the restaurant and it gives it kind of an art deco feel.  The art deco feel with the old-fashioned decor really make this place feel like a restaurant from another era.. . They started us off with a cream soup amuse bouche that was okay but not great.  The complimentary bread was also okay but not memorable.. . We had some appetizers.  The lobster Pain Perdu was kind of like a lobster bread souffle.  It was okay though not great.  We also had some sea scallops that were served in a wine sauce with onions.  The scallops dish was also just okay.  The scallops were tender and seasoned right.  I've had much better though in terms of scallops (both in outside sear and moistness) as well as the accompanying sauces and sides.. . We also had a little bit of their cold seafood platter, which included lobster, shrimp, crab, oysters, and clams.  This is not my favorite type of starter (I would rather have hot seafood where the chefs get a little more creative in how they garnish/sauce/cook the seafood).  Everything was okay, but nothing really stood out here.. . I had the venison chop as my entree.  The venison chop had a nice red color, but it was not that juicy.  The meat was tender enough and had a decent though not spectacular flavor.  The huckleberry reduction sounded good, but it did not really do much here (not a particularly prominent flavor on the plate).. . The main side to the venison chop was an oatmeal cake.  This is the second time I've had oatmeal with dinner (the other time was Bistro LQ).  This would not be my favorite side--not bad (definitely tastes like oatmeal).  The plate also featured black trumpet mushrooms and these were pretty good.  They had a nice crunch to them.. . I also tried one of the a la carte slides--classic potato gratin.  It was kind of lukewarm.  The potatoes were tender but a little bland (and lacked a creamy cheesy flavor).. . While almost all of the food was average, the dessert was a real winner.  I had the chocolate souffle and it was probably one of the best chocolate souffles I've had.  It had a great chocolate flavor (they served it with a chocolate ganache, which was also good).  What separated the chocolate souffle was the texture.  Very nicely baked.  Great texture and great lift.  Chocolate souffles are hard to get right.  They are typically dry, spongy or liquidy.  This one though was pretty close to perfect.. . I also had some vanilla ice cream, which was creamy but pretty standard stuff.. . Service was good in terms of getting the food out at a good pace even though the restaurant was incredibly busy (which also caused the restaurant to be quite warm and loud).  I felt though that the waiter was not as good as some of the other waiters I've had recently.  He did a good enough job, but I felt he was a little stuffy.  I think he could have been a little more personable and relaxed.. . Las Vegas restaurants are typically overpriced and Eiffel Tower Restaurant is a pretty good example of that.  The food here would be in the same price range as some of the most expensive and best restaurants in L.A.  Even when comparing Eiffel Tower Restaurant to other pricey Vegas restaurants, Eiffel Tower Restaurant still feels very overpriced.  The prices here are similar to Mesa Grill, but the flavors at Mesa Grill are much better (Mesa Grill uses better ingredients too).. . Eiffel Tower Restaurant makes a great souffle and I would come back for that.  The food, however, is overpriced and average (despite having the backing of prominent chef Jean Joho, who also operates the Michelin starred Everest in Chicago).  Even though I am not a big fan of Las Vegas restaurants, I think you could do much better on The Strip than Eiffel Tower Restaurant.. . I walked here, but I imagine they have complimentary valet parking or self-parking like the other big Vegas casinos.
I can only comment on the drinks in the bar.  First, collared shirts are required for men.  We knew it was a fancier spot, but it's also Vegas, where just about anything goes, so we didn't think it was a big deal when my bf showed up with a nicer, non-collared shirt on.  We did find out they have loaner sport coats, how wonderful.  Even more wonderful was the fact that there were men at the bar with short sleeved Hawaiian shirts and fanny packs on, shorts & sandals...but they did all have collars, so there's that.. . I think our waitress was either a burnout or a special child of God, because I've never had anyone so spacey get a couple of drinks for me.  She didn't know what bleu cheese olives were and when my bf asked for the "same" drink as me, she thought he said Sam?!? Not sure how that connects.. . It became laughable at the end when we gave her a credit card to pay the outrageous tab ($60 for two martinis & two glasses of red wine) and she asked if we wanted change.  Good grief.
I would give 5 stars for their chocolate souffle, their awesome window view overlooking towards the Bellagio fountains, and their meal service but somethings I had to consider were:. . 1)  When I make a birthday reservation for 7:30 p.m., I expect the reservation for 7:30 p.m., not 8:15 p.m.. 2)  If I want an order of Hennessey, I'd rather get a bottle at Eddie's Liquor for $30 instead of 30mL for $24 (if you're planning on drinking a cocktail, stick to their bar during your wait or get a head start down at the casino or get hammered in your hotel before you arrive~ it'll be way more cheaper in the end!). 3)  I'm not an expert on French cuisine, but I expect good tasting food no matter what country of origin. The sea bass was okay with a nice crisp on the skin but expected more flavor and a thicker cut ( I had better at a small hole in the wall in San Clemente, CA); the asparagus was too al dente and drenched in way too much butter for my liking (and I love butter); the mushroom side was sad and I haven't had a mushroom dish I never liked until now.. . That being said, I did appreciate our attentive server and the experience of fine dining. My date's rack of lamb and creme brulee was wonderful but nothing could beat their chocolate souffle.....I almost had a relationship with it!  All in all, expect to pay for the experience, the view, and the souffle.
I hate to be the one of unpopular opinion here, but my overall experience here wasn't that great. . . Drinks were decent, amuse bouche of asparagus mousse was pretty good, and the souffles were fabulous as described.. . However, neither of our entrees were good. My husband got the vegetarian crepes (the only vegetarian item on the menu) and found them pleasing at first, but overpowering after a few bites. I tasted it, too - it's like whoever created it didn't actually try to sit down and eat a whole one.. . For me, the lobster was so tough and stringy that I had a difficult time cutting it with a knife. No delicious dessert can make up for that sort of problem. . . Oh, I forgot, we ordered sides as well. The potato croquettes were pretty good as long as they were piping hot. Once the temperature went more toward warm, you could taste the grease, which to meis not ideal.. . I'm happy to pay a premium for a great meal/service/ambience, but I expected much better from this place, especially in Vegas where competition is stiff.
Ambiance: 5 stars. Service: 4 stars. Food: 1 star. . The place has great ambiance: dark but not too dark.  It's just dark enough to make everybody look better.  The decor is great;  glass. floor-to-ceiling all around.  I got a window fountain view table even though I was by myself.   There are very few "bad" tables.. . Unfortunately, as with every place where the claim to fame is the location or the view, the food falls down.  Hard.. . It's as if the chefs are blind robots trained at the Culinary Institute of America: everything appears to be well prepared and nicely presented,. but they all taste as if nobody in the kitchen has taste buds.  They're uniformly bland.  (Well, at least, they're *uniformly* bland and not. some bland some too salty!). . The bread was not too bad.  The fish was cooked to the proper doneness, but was... bland.  It came with a corn salsa where the corn kernels. had bits of cob on them, as if cut off the cob by an amateur home cook.. . To cap it all off, the dessert came garnished with a sprig of mint that is wilted, with one leaf half blackened (hence my "blind" robot observation).. . The quality is definitely not worth the $100+ per person for the tasting menu.  For that price, you can get amazing food at countless other Vegas eateries: Sage, Joel Robuchon & Joel Robuchon Atelier, Scarpetta, etc.
Nice view of the Bellagio fountain show. Great ambience. Awesome service.  Wasn't too impressed with the food though. It was decent but too pricey for what it is. I must admit though that the creme brulee was delish!. . I will not be coming back again. There are so many other restaurants in Vegas that offer better food than this place.
it was 9pm on a sunday and Mon Ami Gabi downstairs was going to be an hour wait.. so F that. Eiffel Tower Restaurant it is.. . im always very excited to try different restaurant's lobster entrees and i seen this spot had the surf and turf for $64. me and my date go upstairs and get seated after about a 10 minute wait at the bar which had a nice bartender. the view this place has to offer of the strip and the water show across the street was awesome. nice waiters/waitresses and all that, but when i finally get my plate, the first thing i wanted to ask was "UM WHERE THE FUCK IS THE REST OF MY LOBSTER?" they bring out a measly piece of what seemed to be half of a lobster tail and a baby lobster claw. the portion of the lobster was very upsetting but was delicious and so was the prime beef strip loin. the portion of the beef had to be only about 4oz. total. if you decide to come here, DON'T GET THE SURF AND TURF. way too overpriced for a small ass portion.
After viewing those unbelievably talented Chefs on The Iron Chef shows, I had a craving for the best French food while staying at the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas.  I walked around for half an hour, and was totally frustrated (and hungry at 10PM after a long flight) that I could not find a real French restaurant by walking around the Paris casino lobby.  Finally, the concierge walked me to the Eiffel Tower, "that's where you find real French food."  Oui!  An older middle-aged lady, very well-dressed and hmmm.... well-proportioned ...  took me to the elevator behind her.  In a few seconds through layers of steel super structures, I arrived at the restaurant.  . . Scene 1:  First Impression.  Elevator opens to the kitchen with displays of dishes, stainless steel wares, and busboys. If my synapses were not all firing tonight, I would have thought I'd entered the restaurant through the kitchen from the alley.  1 out of 5 stars.   . . Scene 2:  Chit Chat.  The greeter took me to the Hostess kiosk where I had to wait for the boy/girl chit chatting before they would address me.  1/5.. . Scene 3:  They asked for my reservation name.  The restaurant was half full (empty?) so I said I did not have one.  She said "Let me find a table for you."  Within minutes, they found a table for me -- on the inside wall where the view was to another table.  Wait, what's wrong with any of the tables overlooking the Bellagio water fountain dancing thing?  They were all sitting empty.... vacant... unoccupied..  "Well, Sir, we are trying to shut down that portion of the restaurant this time of the night, but let me check."  As if he was a Secret Service agent, he touched his ear and talk into his wrist and then asked me to return to the lobby while they set up my new table!  Now we talking.  3 out of 5. . . Scene 4:  The Tea.  "Shall we start you with some wine perhaps?"  "No, thank you.  I will have green tea please."  "Am sorry, we have no green tea.  But we have black and peach tea.  Very nice."  Am easy to please, so I agreed to the peach tea.  What came out?  Ice tea!  Am easy to please, so I kept the ice tea, unsweetened out of a very nice bottle.  "Can I also get a cup of hot tea, please."  "Am sorry Sir, we don't have hot tea."  Really? The French don't drink tea?  How do you all get sober after being drunk from all that wine?  What am I going to wash down my fine dining with?  I can't really ask for a Coke Zero.  If the French don't drink hot tea, am certain they won't drink Coke Zero.  She gave an uncomfortable smile as I gave her an awkward frown on the tea thing.  "Perhaps you would like coffee instead."  I told her I'm mormon.  That stopped further suggestions.  I was thinking of Dave (mormon friend) when I said that.  I was satisfied that my response immediately wiped away her smile.  1/5.. . Scene 5:  The Appetizer.  The fun begins here.  Food tastes great at a great restaurant.  Food would probably taste heavenly if you are hungry, at the "finest French restaurant in Vegas," in the  Paris hotel perched high in the Eiffel tower.  I escargot.  "But I want you to know, it only comes with 5 escargots."  What on my forehead said I wanted a pound of escargots sauteed and served on a hot dog bun?  I smiled and politely said that was a great portion.  A few minutes later... "Am sorry Sir.  The chef said we are out of escargot for tonight."  But it's a French restaurant!  It's like McD is out of french fries.  Fine.  What else ya got?  After some prodding to try cold smoked salmon, I settled on "giant scallops on a bed of ox tail."  After a weekend of pho at home, I am up to my eye browse with ox tails, but the scallops was appealing because it was light.  I want to be French tonight.  Light portions.  Great presentation.  Explosive tastes.  The scallop (one) wasn't giant. but it was good.  The oxtail was horrendous, however.  You know the levels of saltiness.  At the bottom it is bland, then a hint of salt, then "to taste", then salty, then really salty, then bitter.  Mine was bitter.  2 out of 5.  . . Scene 6:  The Bread.  Before the appetizer came out, the bread man came along.  It was a nice silver tray with different breads laid out in rows to categorize the different breads.  He took 2 spoons and created a make-shift tong to handle the bread. French-like.  I chose the sesame seed bread.  Then he said "you get to choose two."  Oh my gosh!  For a $100 meal I get to choose 2.  What if I wanted 3?  1 star.  . . Scene 7:  Duck.  Perfectly cooked.  Red.  Moist.  Skin wasn't crunchy as I preferred.  They served the duck on a bed of what tasted like salty and smooshy fruit cake.  Did not complement well at all.  I had to cut the muscle and skin from the breast.  The reduction encircling the duck was again salty. 2/5.. . Scene 8:  Desert.  The banana souffle was the highlight.  I had to order it first so the chef can start it right away.  Fluffy, light, airy.  Exactly how it should be.  5/5.. . Not worth it.  View was nice, though.
I must say that my experience was quite disappointing.  When I made the reservation I was told that the dress code was "smart casual." I wore a cocktail dress and my hubby a suit.  When we arrived we noticed other patrons in jeans, t-shirts and flip flops.  I was hoping for a more romantic, intimate evening, however, that was not the atmosphere at all.  The tables are to close together, and the service wasn't all that great.  The food was not bad, not out of this world either.  I will not be returning.
First off this place is expensive and supposed to be "fine dining" with a strict dress code. Well forget that. We waited for our table despite making reservations three weeks in advance and were stunned when a guy wearing a t-shirt and flip-flops joined us in the elevator. But to make him "respectable" they gave him a jacket that looked like it came from goodwill and a pair of socks to wear with his flip-flops. He looked worse.. The food - I'm sorry but it just wasn't good. My wife had the Beef Wellington and it arrived with the pastry well cooked but the meat raw inside. Obviously the people cooking it had no idea how to make it properly. So I ate my overcooked fish by myself while my wait had to wait 15 minutes for the same Beef Wellington to arrive back at the table in a real mess. . It's just not that good and certainly not worth the prices. If you want good food and good service go to Le Cirque.
The staff was very friendly and helpful, offering to show my dinner guest the way to the men's room.  The view is breathtaking and wherever you are in the restaurant you can get a glimpse of the awesome fountain show at Bellagio.. . The food is pretty mediocre all the way.  Pricey, my dish was $44 for black cod baked in a bag.  My dinner guest had short ribs, pretty small portions for $52.  For these prices, they can do much better with the quality of food in terms of presentation and the taste.  But then again, you are paying for location and view.. . I thought it would be super touristy but it wasn't at all that bad.  Probably be more like 2 1/2 stars as opposed to 2.  Would probably not go back there again but was worth the experience for the view.
Terrible. This place is NOT fine dining. The food and drinks are extremely overpriced (even for Vegas) and every single person in my lunch party felt sick afterwards.  This meal was the only consumption we had in common.  . . The food looked beautiful. But lacked any real taste or originality.  . . I had the braised lamb and it was downright awful.  The meat was dry, the sauce was tasteless and the potatoes were soaked in oil. . . Another person in my party got the lamb burger. Again, very dry, not cooked to order and the bun was extremely  burnt.. . Our waiter was less than helpful and couldn't seem to get away from us fast enough.  At first we were confused... "Is this a French thing?" we thought. Oh wait... we're in America. Nope, just rude. . . The only reason I give this restaurant two stars instead of one is because the view is pretty awesome, and you can see the fountains in front of the Bellagio.
The ONLY good thing about this place: the incredibly gorgeous 180 view you have of the Strip. We were able to watch the Bellagio fountain show from our table. Food & service was measly. For one, the menu is not very French. French toast was on the menu. That turned me off. Really? French toast is NOT French. And the drinks? My friend paid $18 for a supposed drink that was the hot seller. It was a strange fizzy pink liquid with raspberries floating in it. Did not taste good. Gross.. . Our server was very quick to leave us. Don't get me wrong, he definitely had a host's personality when he spoke with us... for like 5 seconds! He would dart in and out, just before we finally would form a question in our minds about the food on the menu.. . I had the Aged Parmesan Chicken with what looked like canned vegetables & a miserable pile of dry-tasting potatoes gratin. Blah. The only reason the chicken was tasty was because there was AGED parmesan. And it looked like a giant flat pancake on my plate. I paid $24 for something I could make myself.. . I hear there's an Eiffel Tower Las Vegas tour. Go on that instead so you can at least check out the view. The food is not worth it.
My husband and I were celebrating our wedding anniversary with our kids and therefore decided to give this place a try given the high ratings. I must say I was really disappointed.. I gave 2 stars just for the views and for the amazingly delicious souffle, which by the way cost $15 each.. I was not impressed by the phone manner of the person taking the reservation or the front hostesses. For a restaurant of this caliber, I would expect more courteous attitude. What I don't get is that I called 45 minutes before my dinner reservation time to see if I can move it up 1/2 hour. What I get in response is that they cannot change my reservation but I am welcome to arrive earlier to see if they would sit me. What kind of response is that? You either tell me that no tables were available or change my time. Upscale restaurants would not let their patrons wait if they have a reservation. We ended up arriving 10 minutes earlier, and even though I see a lot of empty tables, the hostess asked us to step aside and said we were early and that they would sit us at exactly 7pm. I was a bit turned off already. I was even more disappointed when even after both reservation taker and the waiter asked if we were celebrating any special occasion and we told them about our anniversary, nothing happened. Most restaurants would do something special with our desserts, but not this one.. As for the food, the steak was ok but not worth $59. The lamb chops was good, but the Dover Sole was disappointing. It was pretty hard as I couldn't eat it without cutting it with a knife. At $69, I would expect better. I had it switched to salmon. It was better, but nothing to write home about.. The strangest thing is the kids menu. I specifically asked and was told at reservation that there is a kids menu. When we sat down, there was none. I asked the waiter and at first he said that the kind of upscale restaurant that they are they don't really recommend the kids menu. I pressed further and he said the portion is too small for older kids, just for little ones under 5. My kids are 9 and 5. He cannot honestly expect me to order an adult entree for my 5-year-old! I ended up ordering pasta for my little one and the portion was just fine!. With the kind of money we spent on this dinner, I could've easily gone to other restaurants in the area that offer better food and service. I just don't get the high ratings from other Yelpers.
Way overpriced!. Service is OK, but their prices are killing all of the good experiences.. The other night forked out $600 for a party of four (no alcohol).. Unless you got $$$ to burn, go somewhere else.
Like all strip restaurants it is way overpriced. The food is, at best, acceptable. Worst of all is the attitude of too m any of the staff. It is far from welcoming and displays an overwhelming lack of class except perhaps low class. Worth avoiding.
We have had Thanksgiving dinner at the Eiffel Tower four times over the last six years, including this one.  All of our prior visits had been superb in every category.  This was an exercise in how can we make the most money serving the least quantity and quality food to an unsuspecting crowd.  There were only two choices for an appetizer:  one soup or one salad.  My salad might has well have been dumped straight out of a bag from the local supermarket.  The turkey was so, so with a tiny amount of boring gravy.  The pecan pie was good.  I had been a huge fan of this restaurant and all the prior visits were worthy of 5++ stars.  The whole family was looking forward to this wonderful experience together enjoying excellent food, great service and unbelievable views.  What we got was one of the most boring Thanksgiving meals ever, great service and unbelievable views.  Prices were astronomical, but we were expecting that.  But wait it gets better, then they had the audacity to charge $6 extra for the souffle after charging $79 for the meal.  Unreal!!!  The souffle was ok at best (no one finished theirs at our table which had never happened before).  We were all so let down and we will nevervisit for Thanksgiving again. This is what a restaurant does just before it dies.  Don't bother.  I should have known when I booked reservations the day before Thanksgiving with no problem that something was wrong!!!  I chalked it up to the horrible economy, not so Vegas was packed yesterday.  Oh well live and learn.
I went there for a surprise birthday dinner. We flew in from San Diego and had dinner arranged there at 8. I was expecting fine dinning experience and the hospitality of this place is far from acceptable. . The waitress there cant stop telling us how we used the wrong knife for butter. Don't know to ask before taking the plate away to make sure we are done with that dish or not. She ended up offending the birthday person several times ('Fine Dinning'). Finally we asked the manager to give us a different waitress for the table. The manager after listening to all this said 'we don't have anyone else right now to replace her'. I at least expected that a manager of a so called fine dining should be able to take up the role of a waitress and resolve a situation like this. . Either ways, I am used to going to fine dining restaurants in San Diego and OC on a regular basis and this place needs a lot of training to reach the standards of the industry.
The restaurants ambiance was really nice, the food was good but the prices are very high. I had the braised short ribs, the meat was really tender but I didn't care for the sauce and I thought the noodles were out of place. The most amazing thing was the brussel sprouts with bacon.
We went here twice on a recent trip to Vegas. The first time was fantastic -- we were early for lunch, had a great view of the Bellagio fountains and the staff was attentive. We had excellent dishes. To my surprise and happiness, they had gluten free cheese poufs instead of a basket of bread. If I could have ordered an entire plate of those, I would!. . On account of the nice time we had there at lunch, we popped up there for dessert late on Tuesday night after a fairly disappointing night. We thought that dessert, drinks and the fountain would perk us back up and make a nice end to our trip. Big mistake. We were dressed for where we had originally planned to go, which meant nice jeans and sweaters. I wear semi-religious clothing and that's OBVIOUS when you look at me. Despite the fact that we did not meet their dress code, we were ushered into the elevator (unaware of the dress code, mind you. We are not regulars and it is not posted.) My partner was instantly pulled aside by the hostess and asked what his jacket size was, etc.. . I realize they are a nice restaurant and they want a particular reputation. Damn near ten at night on Tuesday, however, is maybe not the time to enforce it, especially as it was not posted, and the downstairs elevator staff did not warn us. I realize we are not swanky. We probably are not their desired clientele,  but given that we stated we just wanted drinks and dessert, they might have stuffed us in a corner and called it good enough? (For the record, we left -- a jacket over a sweater in a restaurant would have been misery.). . Bottom line, they need to post their dress code. And if they insist men wear jackets, then they need to put jackets over girls that are wearing inappropriate outfits too. Otherwise they come across as a badly-disguised meat-market. And maybe, on a weekday night, that's exactly what they are?. . I'd still recommend this place for lunch, but I don't think I'll be back because of how badly they handled their own policy.
You pay for the view. That said they are French so it is very rich and portions small. The service is fine but the cuts of beef are not. The price reflects a better cut like prime and not grizzle that is served for a NY. My replacement was filet again not soft or mouth watering though sauces are good.The lamb is butter, meaning good. . Soup okay thought the Caesar sale just not the finest, a real dressing has eggs but some lemon is recommended to bring the flavor up. Do not drink the house bubbles as this wine will be felt  the next day. Wine list is amazing but more tha double retail.. The deserts are a masterpiece and some ideas to ad it a raspberry sauce not on the menu. Coffe is French and all visuals great. Eat light and be happy. Cost about $75-100 a person.
We would have given this a much higher rating, had we not had a problem with one dish, but more on that later.  The restaurant had a beautiful view of the strip, and a wonderful waitstaff.  The food was very good, although pricey and we did feel that for those prices we've had better food in other restaurants.  But what really put a damper on an otherwise lovely evening was when my son bit down on a bone in what was supposed to be a boneless dish of rabbit.  The waitstaff was quick to send over a manager to check on him and take his information should he have needed to have anything done, but the damage was already done.  He had such pain in his tooth and jaw that he left the restaurant early to go back up to the room, which just ruined the meal for the rest of us.
I've been to Vegas a thousand times and I'm always tempted to try this place and I finally gave in. There is nothing special about it. It is overpriced, the food is nothing special. I got the chicken parmesan dish and it really just tasted like a Lean Cuisine meal. Not much flavor and nothing special about the presentation. The only redeeming qualities I can think of would be the amazing view- it overlooks the Bellagio water fountain and you ca see most of the strip and the creme Brule is to die for.
Our 24 th anniversery was some what a disappointment! I made reservations over month in advance for front table! For two I then canceled and made it for four I was told there were not tables that would accomendate four in front window Lie! Only to get there and see a nice front table for four. We were seated in a back table could hardly see the water falls in front! We also noticed we were never offered photo other at table or in front windows as others were! My father brought 2 bottles of his favorite winery in napa $75.00 for corkage fee! Per bottle! Not ever! My father bought 3 glasses of wine at near 20.00 per drop Ha! Our bill was near 500.00 for four. Save your money we won't be going back!
I have been here quite a few times but today was BS! (Below standards) normally they have phenomenal service but our waiter seemed distraught and it took a good 25 minutes just to place our order. The food was ok not as good as it used to be and the bread was as hard as a rock and when we asked for some fresh ones they refused saying that there only allowed 2 per person.Also every time we asked our waiter for something it took forever we would have to remind him multiple times before he actually brought it! All in all this place isn't worth the price.
Just came back from dinner there tonight.  First of all, it was very expensive and I think that although it was a gorgeous setting, the restaurant's atmosphere just did not come together.  Honestly, it was kind of tacky.  There are sooo many wonderful restaurants in Las Vegas, with great atmosphere.  This place is not one of them.  And I hated the Christmas music.  Really??  Ugh.....  I will say the food was very good, but very overpriced.  Wish I had gone to the restaurant right below it.......
Absolutely over overpriced. Food is OK  to decent. CaN'T BE a chef in the kitchen just a lot of cooks is what my taste buds tell me. Quality of meats fish etc is top so you are safe with a steak. However, there is no special touch added to these dishes. Place is not set up to give individual attention before being seated. They have a system that requires a queue check in. Not exactly first class The elevator leaves you in the kitchen. Young women at reception are full of themselves and not very welcoming. I sent back a soup that was supposed to be lobster based. Medium sized bowl was $18; soup was light not tasty and had never been near a lobster. Wine prices are ridiculous, even for LV. A lowly Broully goes for $70+. That's about a 500% markup. The $75 corkage charge guarantees you will pay mucho if you must have wine. This place reminds me fondly of The Jules Verne restaurant in the real Eiffel Tour in Paris. It now has 2 Michelin Stars allowing it to charge high prices. However, the food and service are impeccable at about twice the price of the LV Eiffel. The view of the Seine and Chaillot Palace are stunning. You can see the Bellagio fountains for free at street level or even stay at Bellagio for less than your tab at this Eiffel. Oh: Lest I forget. The service has always been professional here. Why am I not surprised that Michelin has stopped rating Las Vegas restaurants. Walking through the now tacky Paris Hotel is not a great appetizer either.
Come for the view, maybe leave without food! At least this was my last experience with the Eiffel Tower restaurant. . . I have been in to eat 3 times now. The first 2 times were wonderful; 4 stars. This last time however was an abysmal 1 star.. . First of all, the view of the Bellagio and their stunning fountain is fantastic. Romantic, breathtaking and all other adjectives found in thesaurus. The staff is 5 stars all the way; from the helpful hostesses to the swift bread guy that is at your table though out your entire meal making sure you have a new, fresh piece of bread from the 5 different varieties in the basket.  Amazing! Kudos to him. The wait staff is all uniformly good as well - although at one point I finished my glass of wine and instead of refilling it from the bottle at the table, my waitress snatched it away leaving me wine free. I had to flag someone down to get me a fresh glass! And this is in Vegas! Humph, not impressed. . . Now, on to the food: My very first time in I ordered the seafood tower - go big or go home, right? It was crazy expense and worth every penny. It was fresh, tasty, totally over the top with how gigantic it was and resulted in a story to be told for years. My second time in was for a family meal. We went traditional with fish or steak entrees; the decadent bacon brussel sprouts on the side as well as potatoes. This meal had nothing negative to comment on.  Overpriced but when you factor in the view, worth it for sure. Now my most recent visit: I decided to really see what the menu was like away from the tried and true entrees. So, I started with Lobster Bouillon soup with lobster flan, Celery and toasted brioche. The soup was creamy, very rich and the brioche was perfect to dip in.  The flan however was like an orange, wiggly, tasteless blob... Like, crazy tasteless. Next I had the worst, over vinegary, kale salad ever. And I love balsamic vinegar, I even drizzle it on ice cream! This salad was horrible, oh, and had 3 tiny cherries.... Thanks, wouldn't want to over cherry, you might take away from the all the vinegar.   . . Finally, I was so excited to have the Foie Gras Torchon with duck prosciutto and fig compote. The Foie was slimy on top and congealed so it was hard to break through, I had to use a knife to cut it!  Also didn't have that amazing buttery, melt in your mouth quality; it actually didn't taste much at all. I have never seen or tasted Foie like this - I know Canada is lucky that we have free-range farms and ability to produce amazing, sinfully delicious tasting Foie. This was just disappointing and sad. Hands down the worst Foie I have ever had.  Oh, and the duck prosciutto was as hard as glass. It actually cut my gum open when I tried to chew it. . . I would have had dessert but my mouth was bleeding from the duck glass. . . Le repas etait horrible!
