I was at the cosmo during this past weekend and of course it was real nice and new but once that wears off people will see that that comps will stop coming and that people can jump off the balcony. I think they have a uphill battle with all of the casinos that have sisters properties around the country. They better be extra nice on comps to get people back, This place cant compete with the Wynn, Sands, Palms or Mgm of the world. I am happy it is open and gave many people jobs which this city needs so I will support it but just does not have what a casino needs to make it over a long period of time
Life isn't perfect. It takes time for a hotel (or any other business) to hit its stride and figure things out. But at what point do a few mistakes cross over into incompetence? Try as I might, I just can't think highly of The Cosmopolitan. The staff are uniformly delightful people and claim to be very concerned about customer service. And I do think the concern is there - just not the execution. Various things in the room were broken and took forever to get fixed. It was our last night in Vegas and we lost at least 4 hours waiting around for staff to come fix things, waiting for them to work out the bugs in the check-in process, and waiting for our waiter to bring the dishes he forgot. Brilliant - just how I wanted to spend my evening. Then the phones weren't working so we had no way of calling the concierge. The TV remotes didn't work properly either. The building is gorgeous and the amenities are excellent, but until things start to run smoothly, it's just not worth it.
A lot of potential, but certainly not there yet!. . We stayed 1/7-1/9/2011 and had so many problems with our room and staff! They are all little things, but when you add them all together in two short days, it makes me want to not come back.. . 1. Checked in fine (though a room wasn't ready yet because we checked in around 1pm and we wanted a higher floor), given key cards and told that they'd call when room was ready and the cards would auto activate for the new room. 2 hours later, we get a call - ok, just as they told us - but when we pile our luggage in the elevator, the cards weren't activated we couldn't go anywhere. So I had to check back in and they needed to reissue the cards!. . 2. We get to our room and trash is in the trash cans! Housekeeping didn't clean the room in it's entirety and on top of that, the food on the minibar tray has moldy food on it for sale, and the minibar fridge wouldn't open! I called housekeeping, not one person picked up the phone in 15 minutes! Not even exaggerating! So then I call front desk and she says someone will be up to empty trash, replace the food, and unlock the fridge within 30 minutes. We leave and come back a hour and half later -- trash and moldy food is still there and fridge is still locked! I place another call and was told again another 30 minutes. Someone does come up to unlock the fridge but then tells me he can't because I paid with cash for the room, but I now need to call front desk (again) to have it unlocked by their computer! Though, they already charged a deposit for half the stay on my credit card and used that same credit card when I checked in! After another hour or so, no housekeeping still. I place another call -- the guy who answers tells me there are no notes in the system about me calling before! This point I am a bit frustrated. We go to dinner, come back (4 calls and 5 hours later), the trash is finally emptied -- but the moldy food is still there! And the fridge is still locked!. . 3. I gave up on the fridge, since I wasn't going to get anything -- but it would have been a nice option to have. The next morning, I have to leave a note for housekeeping to replace the food -- again, because it would have been nice to have options or a snack. After brunch and half the day, we come back...the food has been removed (but not replaced!) and the room was cleaned but the extra blanket and pillow that was on the couch (a friend slept on the couch) was untouched, not even the pillows fluffed or the blanket refolded. And the water from melted ice was left in the ice bucket.. . 4. The shower only got midly hot (more like very warm), but never in the hot range. And there was a clump of hair over the drain! This was before anyone actually used the shower. And no extra rolls of toilet paper.. . 5. We played downstairs at the slots...have to say, the slots were pretty loose which was nice, but one slot machine we used broke down while playing -- it took 20 minutes for someone to come over to fix it. We asked several employees to get someone over and not one of them knew what to do or who to contact (and 2 of them worked for the Identity program, the casino rewards program).. . 6. When we checked out Sunday, there were charges on the bill for mini-bar usage -- over $100 worth of charges! But remember, the mini-bar was locked the entire stay!!!! We waited over 30 minutes for the front desk staff to remove those charges, but he still couldn't figure out how to complete the bill total because the "system has some problems that they are still working on". He finally got those charges off and agreed to comp our room service we had used on one of the nights, but again didn't know how to do it. Back home now and I look at my account statement and there are 4 charges from the hotel, none of them correspond to a charge for room or room service or even the minibar expenses -- but they total over $109 more than what I should have paid. So now I'm waiting for those to fall off, and if they don't they'll hear from me again. We also overheard a manager talk to a housekeeper in front of our room when we were leaving to reclean a room because the guy whose room it was checked in, entered the room and it was still dirty.. . All in all, the hotel is nice, the rooms are great (bed and pillows are too flat though, not comfortable for me), has a balcony that is nice, but the customer service and staff are so disorganized and most of them lack the training or unable to give 5-star service. It's quite unfortunate. The hotel has potential, but I don't think it should have been opened yet until they were able to get all the kinks out of their computer system, housekeeping (I have had cleaner rooms in Stratosphere and Tropicana!), training, communication, etc. . . Unless they can provide me with an incentive, an apology that I cannot refuse, and assurance that they have made the necessary changes to staff and training, I think I will be sticking to the Wynn and Encore for stays to Vegas.
So I have to say I was so excited to stay here after this place has been hyped up for quite a while. Unfortunately, our experience pretty much sucked, the worst I have ever had in vegas. . . We checked in around 4pm midweek and the computers were supposedly down according to the girl behind the desk. She did not know how to work the room key machine or the ipad at the front desk. Finally, the "manager" came over and figured out what she had been doing wrong right away. Seriously? It might be a good idea to teach your staff the basics on how to check people in.. . So we got to our room, I had paid for a one bedroom suite with the premium view. First problem.... we were on the bottom floor facing a building that was not the skyline described on their site. Second problem... the room was dirty, puke stains on the entrance tile, no toiletries, dirty glasses and hair in the bathroom. So we called the front desk and they told us to come down and change our room. They also tried to make us think this was the room we paid for... until we talked to the manager again who corrected his staff member. This has happened before at other hotels, and they immediately apologized and offered food or other comped amenities. Instead, these people tried to cover up their mistakes by making excuses.. . Ok... so we get in the room we paid for. Really nice view, awesome patio, comfy bed. The room decor was a little cheesy for a luxury hotel. If planet hollywood and mgm had a baby.. this would be it. I was expecting a posh and upscale decor for the rooms, not old vegas carpet and doors. They definitely cheaped out on the rooms for sure.. . Kudos to their valet service.They made it easy to get in and most importantly OUT!!
My girlfriend and I decided to spend a night here and what an awful experience it was. We checked in only to be told that the room we reserved was no longer available to us anymore and instead we got downgraded to a WORSE room that did not have a kitchen but were still being charged for the better room that did have one. Hmmm. We get to our room, insert the keycard, turn the knob and *THUD!* The door has been dead-bolted. The woman behind the door and I exchange stunned glances. She opens the door and reveals that she was inspecting the room to ensure that it was cleaned to the correct standards, in this case, she felt that it was not up to par. There were cigarette butts and ashes all over the balcony. Glasses with last night's unfinished whiskey on the sink. The microwave wasn't clean. There were items in the safe. And according to her, the toilet was not cleaned enough. Yuck. She asked if she could return with a cleaning staff member and that she would supervise them to make sure the room is cleaned properly. Since we had a dinner reservation that was coming up soon so we said "sure.". Dinner ends. It's midnight now and we're tired from day's work, the flight and the night's festivities. We're walking back and looking forward to showering and relaxing in what is (despite it's uncleanliness) still a luxurious room. However, we return to our room to find a dirty broom left leaning on the sink counter and that we have no toiletries what-so-ever. I call and ask for toiletries and to tell them they forgot their broom, lady says she'll send someone up right away. "Right away" turns into an hour and still no sign of toiletries. My girlfriend calls to ask again and 10 minutes later, I open the door to an angry man who says nothing, storms into the bathroom, drops off a handful of toiletries and on the way out, he asks in an irritated tone "is there's anything else you need?" my girlfriend comes out and tells him he forgot his broom.. Since we were only staying for one night, we requested a later check-out time when we were checking in. They allowed us to check out at 2PM instead of the standard 11AM. Great. Around 12PM the next day, the phone rings and the most rude woman tells me what time standard check-out is and has the nerve to condescendingly ask me if I know what time it currently is. Whatever happened to manners? I know most people don't have them but this is the field of hospitality...anyway, I tell her about our late check-out and she doesn't apologize, just says she'll enter it in the system (why didn't the check-in guy do this?).. It's a shame because the hotel really is nice and we were really looking forward to staying here. This was a Wednesday night, the hotel wasn't even busy and there weren't even that many people there. There was no excuse for the terrible service and rude staff who couldn't even do basic things. I'd hate to wonder how our experience would have been if it had been on the weekend. Perhaps it's because the hotel's still new or we just came on a bad night, who knows, but we've stayed at other hotels on the strip and never had any issues like the ones at The Cosmopolitan. You're better off staying away, for now.
Are you folks kidding? This casino is just a touch better than some of the places you would find in Atlantic City or Fremont Street. When I walked through, it felt like I was walking through a long narrow hallway. There aren't that many gaming tables at the Cosmo and most were empty. This place is perfect for the 20 something wannabe look at me fake money fake boobs crowd from LA. People with real money and real class are next door at Bellagio. I doubt I will ever gamble or stay here.
The Cosmopolitan Hotel wants to be where the beautiful people congregate.  The decor is very trendy and over-the-top.  Many multi-screen LCD panels are all over the hotel projecting bubbles, flowers, and the hotel website.  Think lots of crystal, lots of dark pink, lots of bizzare modern art.  . . The technology in the casino, the rooms, and the parking lot is all really cool.  I like the fact that a little green light alerts you to empty parking spaces and that the lights and temperature in the room are controlled by the tv.  . . The room was also nice, but I wish the controls for the blinds in the shower were on the INSIDE so I could control who watches me.... . I don't like that there is an oversized mini-bar on the desk and in the fridge.  I don't like that it is near impossible to find anything in the building.  I don't like the parade of partially clothed women that wander through to get to the clubs.  I don't like that EVERYTHING here is premium priced. . I am disappointed by all the restaurants I tried during my stay. See my reviews of Comme Ca, Jaleo, and the Henry. . . This hotel is trying too hard.  This is not L.A. or Manhattan.  . This is Vegas.  Focus on what works here: Good gambling, cool shows, amazing food. The Comsopolitan has none of these.
The public areas of Cosmo are beautiful and the customer service is really great, but the hotel side is a fail.. . They were overbooked when I showed up so instead of the lovely balcony and Japanese soaking tub I had paid for I was shown to a city room that has two beds and no tub.  Fail.  The room service menu was missing pages and when I wanted to order dinner I had to play "Do you have this?" with the operator.  I finally hit on grilled cheese and she warned me that it had a fig compote on it.  Score.  I love fig.  She did not mention there was bacon.  Boo, I hate bacon and my sandwich came drenched in pig.  Gross and unacceptable.  . . The toiletries in the bathroom and the robe were very nice.  . . The tv remote was not working properly - I had to hold my arm down and over the edge of the bed in order to get it to operate the tv.  And that really sucked because you need to operate the lights through the tv.  In the city room - the crap room they stuck me in - there was a light by the door that could ONLY be operated through the tv.  And figuring out how to do that nearly caused me a heart attack and I wanted to start pulling out my hair one strand at a time out of frustration.  . . So I had the taste of bacon in my mouth, no balcony, didn't get to sit in a tub, and then I had to sleep in a bed that's smaller than the one I have at home.  . . The next morning I went to the buffet and was treated to some cold eggs.  I'm not kidding.  Every single thing I experienced in this hotel was a giant disaster.. . I don't know if it was just raining on me while I was there or what, but I'm scared to try to stay here again.  I have another reservation that I had already made before this stay and I'm unsure whether keeping it is smart.  They promised they would be able to fill my reservation, so we'll see.  . . So many other people had a good experience at the Cosmopolitan.  I just don't get it why everything went so wrong for me.. . The bottom line is that if this next trip goes awry I will move up the street to Palazzo where I belong.  I really don't think the Cosmopolitan and I are going to be long term pals.
I would have to say that our experience at the Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas was the worst hotel experience I have ever had and I have a vague memory of staying at a dumpy hotel with a spring popping out of the mattress when I was an infant. And, for some reason my memory has no sheets on the mattress, Yes, Cosmopolitan was worse than that. Less than 24 hours there and a disaster of a stay.. . After some time at the Trump International we decided to check out Cosmopolitan. Trump was becoming too relaxing and we were feeling like we needed more of a night life and a few more restaurant choices. Judging by the commercials it was beautiful and everyone was glamorous and happy.. . We pulled into the valet and dropped off our bags with the attendant since there wasn't a bellman available - hmmmmm. Lately, check in times have been at 3pm - 1. This is because they have no house keeping, 2. because they want you to roam the casino and spend money gambling, eating, and drinking, extremely irritating! We got there at 1pm, knowing that they could add us to the queue for a room and we would just grab a drink and something to eat while waiting.. . The front desk took down our cell number, verified the number and promised to call us back at 3pm. Well; it was 315 and no phone call. Annoyed, we walked back across the casino and waited in line for someone at front desk. By the way, as we were walking still no phone call.. . The guy at front desk was very friendly, but it took more time to put us in a room. After he typed away for some time he issued us $150 room and beverage credit. That was nice of them.. . Prior to departing the front desk we asked for them to send up our bags. We got to our room about 4:00, waited 15 min for our bags, called and complained. We finally got them 45 minutes later. Ahhh, glad that's over. Now time to start our vacation!. . What's a little speed bump, just about to relax at 5pm and embark on our obsession with in-room movies when disaster strikes! You guessed it, unable to order in-room movies! Thank God the phone works so that we can call and complain about everything! Turns out they never checked us into the room completely. Since no one could solve the problem the manager got on the phone. With a flip of a switch, problem solved, turns out we have seen all the movies anyway. Ugh! Finally time for a quick nap before dinner. . . I was super excited that this beautiful room was not only equipped with a full kitchen, but also a washer and dryer. I desperately needed to get the wrinkles out of my top, so I decided to ghetto iron my shirt by throwing a damp cloth in the dryer with my top. Who needs the steamy, right? Immediately after doing so I realized that I threw them into the washer instead of the dryer, no problem I thought. Wrong! This washer absolutely refused to open. I'm pretty even tempered, but by this time I wanted to find a blunt object and bash in the washer! Frustrated, and having less than an hour to get ready, I got on the phone again. The front desk representative told me that the washer door would not open unless I run a cycle. Ugh, that wasn't gonna happen! So, she told me engineering will be up ASAP to open it. 15 min later and no engineering and let me tell you, I wasn't surprised! I called again, another 15 min passes still no engineering. Again, 15 min later still no engineering! I was going to have to take this into my own hands, meaning we Googled it and found the user manual. I guess this means I am an engineer. . . Flustered, I threw on my top and we headed out to meet our friends at Milos, the Greek restaurant located on the property. None of us knew how to get there and the nonexistent hotel staff and security wasn't making it any easier. There is a God, the service and the food was excellent. We will definitely be going back to Milos. After over stuffing ourselves we headed to the closest bar and had a couple drinks. We would have loved to stay a bit longer, but our food coma was slowly killing us. We couldn't wait to crawl into bed and crash. Massively Bloated ;) and sleepy we made it down the 300 degree hallway, only to find that our damn key cards didn't work! SERIOUSLY! By now I have reached my breaking point. Oh, should I say "boiling point" since the hallway is easily over 80 degrees. With that said, I stared down the endless hallway, took a deep breath of the humid hallway air, and embarked on the Bataan death march to the front desk. Shockingly one person was working the front desk and there was a line, we are talking DMV dejavu. . This may come as a bit of a shock, but the next morning decided to check out, just had enough. I mean, what's next! Is the roof going to cave in on us! Even checking out the next morning was a 30 minute disaster on the phone trying to figure out how to apply the two credits we were given..... . continued on my blog....
Yes, this place is brand new and super classy and hip, but the service is HORRIBLE!  I went here to see The Strokes at the Chelsea, and first of all, no one knew where the venue was.  We must have asked at least 3 different employees and no one knew, or they gave us false information, and the first guy we asked was super rude and condescending.  Once inside the venue, we waited forever for the show to start.  We waited for hours for the musicians to come on, and not only that but there were several fights that broke out in the pit area, and the staff did nothing to stop them!  They merely looked on from the outside and pretended they couldn't tell who the culprits were.  They were incompetent at best.  The musicians played an amazing show, but I would definitely not return to this venue again.
I hope it gets better with time, like a fine wine.  But the first sip of this new property was a bit underwhelming.  The approach is not smooth.  The designers must have forgotten this was in Vegas.  The cab approach and departure is far too congested and dangerous as well, with drunk pedestrians stumbling into the flow of traffic.. . The signage on the interior leaves a little to be desired.. The clientele seemed to be a hodge podge, but leaned on the young, first time in vegas with alcohol poisoning crowd.. . They only got a second star because we stumbled into some amazing people who were also checking it out for the first time.
Okay, I don't understand why everyone is giving this hotel so many stars.  (I find it funny some of the reviewers actually work there LOL)  I went for the first time this weekend to see Damain Marley and Nas in concert.  Now, JUST pulling in to the hotel was already a bad experience.  I am pretty sure that the guys who designed this place (both inside and out) were on acid when they did it, and just scribbled on some paper.  It was worse than trying to figure out a labyrinth.  . . I valet a lot, and even before I had ever been to the Cosmo, I was warned by a couple of different friends that the valets have a tendency to steal.  One friend actually had his iPod Touch stolen out of his arm rest, and they refused to do anything to replace it.  Anyway.  I pull in to valet to see "Valet Full."  Okay, that's weird for a new, hip, hotel but it happens.  My boyfriend rolls down the window to ask about self parking, and hears a worker tell another patron say, "No, it's not full.  There is just no valet at all." Huh???  SO we go to the parking garage and the sign says there's 100+ parking spaces, buuuuut there were none - on more than one floor.  The garage itself is poorly designed, as if they just tried to fit as many cars into one tiny space as they could.  Parallel parking spaces in a parking garage?  Seriously?  It took us almost an hour just to find a spot.  And that's just the parking.. . When we walk into the hotel, it is gorgeous.  The art is digital, hip and pretty cool.  The chandelier is AMAZING to look at.  Aesthetically, the Cosmopolitan is very pleasing.  However, that's about all the props it gets.  I asked a worker where to go to pick up tickets, and they said "I don't know.  I think the pool is on the 5th floor, though." (Despite the sign right next to him saying that it's on the 4th floor.)  Apparently, "I don't know" was the phrase of the night for most of the staff, because nobody knew anything.  Two people actually directed us to Marquee after I asked them where the Boulevard Pool was.  Some of them didn't even know about a concert at all.  Communication much?  After asking 8 different people (no exaggeration), and 30 more minutes of walking around, I finally found ONE man who told me where to pick up my tickets.   . . Did I mention the inside is just as much a maze as the parking garage?  The escalators are not close to eachother at all, and I felt like I was going in circles.  I was dizzy by the time I reached will-call.  Needless to say, chances are, I will not be going back.  For a place that is supposed to be new and hip and for all the hype it gets, that's all it is - hype.
The casino is cramped and gets Smokey.  Its such a small casino, the good thing is its right off the strip.  Buffet is different than most, I liked it but my friend from NY did not.
The day finally arrived where we were heading to Vegas from Chicago. Our very early morning flight was delayed and we had to sit on the plane an extra hour, due to de-frosting the plane and back-up on the runway. A 3.5 hour flight turned into almost 6 hours. We waited half an hour for our pre-paid shuttle from Grey Line and finally arrived at the Cosmopolitan. First impressions of the hotel is that it is absolutely beautiful and awe-inspiring. Nonetheless, we were very excited to stay here.. . We entered the lobby area where they had floor to ceiling pillars of LCD screen images that keep you entertained in the long lines waiting to check-in. 9 people were working at the front desk and eachperson took about ten minutes to help each guest. We were finally greeted by a young woman who acted like this was her first day on the job and she welcomed us to the Cosmo and said that we were going to have an amazing time. I told her about how I had requested a Bellagio Fountains view room two months prior and she said that she saw it in the notes and that it wouldn't be a problem. I slipped her a 20 dollar tip and she said thank you and quickly snatched it up. She then said that no available rooms were ready at this time and she would call us when it was ready and to go explore the hotel. Also, with our package we were given a free bottle of wine, but they ran out of cards to give us to pick up our bottle. She ended writing "toast on us" on a piece of paper and told us to go to the wine store to pick it up - very unprofessional and tacky. We checked our bags at the bellhop desk and began to explore the hotel. At this point, all we wanted to do was take a shower and rest for a bit. We left the check-in desk at 11am and checked out their buffet the Wicked Spoon for lunch. From what we have read about it, it sounded like they had some great food to choose from. We were seated and told go get something to eat and the waiter will take our drinks shortly. The place was busy and very understaffed. We grabbed some small pots of pasta and prime rib (most of the food is in individual pots/dishes) and sat back down. We waited close to 25 minutes with still no water or waiter for drinks - there wasn't even one remotely in sight to flag down. Finally, we were able to find a waiter to take our drinks. All of the waiters were running around like mad men - unable to keep up with clearing tables and getting drink orders. The individualized pots/dishes are a great idea, but take up so much room on the tables and are difficult to carry on the size of glass plates that are given. The waiters had difficulty keeping up with clearing them away and when you looked around, you notice piles upon piles of pots and dishes stacked on trays in corners and lots of unclear tables - it was definitely not appetizing.. . We were finished with our meal and we ended up getting a call from the front desk stating our room was ready. We made our way back to the lobby and had to wait in another long line for about 20 minutes. We were greeted by a new employee who just looked pissed to be working. He told us that our room was ready and we verified that we had an east side tower Bellagio fountain view on a higher floor. He told us that it was not the room that we requested, but that it was a lower level room in the west side tower facing the pool. At this point, I was getting really aggravated and asked him what is going on with this hotel's service. He did not say a word and handed us our keys saying that our room was now on the 68th floor east side tower overlooking the Bellagio fountains.. . We took the elevator to the 68th floor and it was nice because our room was right around the corner from the elevator - it was great. We opened the door to see that we did have the amazing view of the fountains. However, I looked around and saw this room was a total mess - dirty wash rags were in the shower, beer cans with completely full ash trays were on the balcony, makeup was on the white pillows, suspect stains were on the couch,
I gave them one more chance and this stay was equally is irritating.  I'm done with them.  It's time to move on to hotels that actually understand what customer service is.
I just recently got back from Las Vegas and stayed at the Cosmopoltian. The hotel itself was beautfiul. The bars, casino, pool were great! My compliant stem from the service. We ordered room service the first night of our stay and never came. The second night we order room service and it came 2 hours later, than we were quoted. We never had our room cleaned until we called housekeeping 3x.  We never got out towels refreshed our anything. Finally, at 7pm on Sunday, they cleaned our room. My friend had bought a few things for her kids, that no longer were in the room, when eventually they did clean.  Either, it was taken by somebody or thrown out on accident. Again, part of this could be caused from a new property and still working out kinks. I hope next time, if we chose to stay there, wont be as bad.
what to say?...  So we arrive and after waiting for an hour to check in we are told that we are going to be charged an additional $450 for incidentals for our stay, then we were told that it was just a hold, then we were told that since we prepaid over the amount for the rooms at booking there were to be no charges.  He did need my credit card for verification, which he immediately charged the $450 to which I didn't know until checking my account.. Then upon arrival to our room we noticed housekeeping pulled a splash and dash, and nothing was really clean.  Our terrace had the remnants of a broken glass and some kind of juice stain all over it.  We called 4 times to have housekeeping come out, and they never did.  Even on the daily housekeeping routines they never checked the terrace and never ran a vacuum.  Throughout our stay we also noticed things like chip crumbles in the hallway for 2 days, a water bottle on the floor in the ice room for our whole stay and numerous other things that fell back on housekeeping.  For a hotel this nice I would hope for some cleanliness!. I never heard one story or saw anyone win anything on the casino floor.  The bars where cool, the breakfast at the buffet was good (way better than buffet food!), the restaurants and shops all were great.. . Now I am back home and checking my accounts and I see they charged me an extra $200.  Just a one time charge of $200 3 days after my stay.  I would have checked my itemized receipt that I was promised in email at check out but I haven't received it.  I can only assume it is for the broken glass and stain on the terrace that was there when we arrived but who knows...  I have tried to contact them 4 times today and whoever the operator tries to put me through to the phone just rings until it goes to a busy signal and hangs up.. . Oh and the stupid tv control thing, yeah its a pretty neat idea to have all of your room controls on your tv, but the thing had to be reset constantly just to function as a tv.  Then when we tried to order a movie one late night and it didn't work the tech noticed that I was never properly logged into the system.  He called the front desk and had them log me off and then back in.  But they all forgot to tell me that after that my keycards wouldn't work anymore.. . Overall, I wouldn't recommend staying here.  The service is slow or non existent, check-in is not only slow but charged me unnecessarily, compared to other casino hotels we have stayed at the cosmo is expensive, a tad rude, dirty, and in general not worth the hype.
Our original prepaid room: Two bedroom City Suite (went to a VIP apparently). The room we got (1428) which is a loft style, with one king bed. . . Pros: The beauty of the hotel/room, the free admission on Fridays to Marquee with key card to room. . Cons: See below.. .  . * On April 8, 2011 I reserved via telephone a two bedroom city suite for May 6, 2011 through May 8, 2011.. * On the phone, I immediately prepaid for the first night. . * I called three times prior to arrival to double check the reservation was still available.. * I arrived at the hotel around 830pm May 6, 2011. . * I waited 20 minutes in line only to be told my reservation was bumped and went to another person due to the large number of VIPs who had arrived. . * I repeated that I prepaid for the reservation a $1,000.00 and booked a month in advance.. * I was told there were no rooms available to accommodate me at the Cosmopolitan.. * This discussion went on for 45 minutes as your employees attempted to figure out what to do. . * I was rendered homeless when I prepaid for a $2,000 suite.. * I was told that in alternative, I can be offered a place at the Venetian. . * Upon demanding first that arrangements are made at the Venetian another 30 minutes passed. . * No rooms were available to accommodate us at the Venetian.. * Imagine, after leaving Cosmopolitan I would have discovered this only after going to the Venetian, luggage and all, had I not demanded your employees first check. . * I finally had enough and stated my demand was to get a suite at the Cosmopolitan. . * One hour and 45 minutes had passed since I arrived at the hotel. . * Although at the beginning I was told nothing was available, I was shown a suite, 1428.. * At this point it was past 10pm.. * The suite was full of moths. I was told this would be taken care of.. * Also, I was told two roll away beds would be brought up immediately . * Moths were never taken care of, albeit multiple requests. . * The roll away beds arrived at 330am. No, you are not reading that wrong. It took five hours and my fiance to walk downstairs to the lobby after four calls.. * We agreed to take the suite, because frankly, we would be homeless otherwise since most of the hotels were all booked. . * Hair dryers in suite did not work. . * The first night we spent listening to music all night long coming from the Bamboo Pool, well past 4am. No one really slept that night.. * I was extended a credit for food and beverage for two days for $175.. * Upon checking on the credit the second day, I was told no such credit existed. . * I took two of my companions down to the lobby to discuss this as they were present the previous night during the negotiation. . * After they confirmed, that the credit was for two nights, I was given a credit. So otherwise I would have been called a liar?!. * There was an accounting mess. My card was overcharged. A manager, Brian and your accountant had to figure it out.. * A hold for $392 was placed on my card. O
Yeah ... . . When it comes to Vegas, whatever is the newest is pretty much the hottest.  . . But I don't give a fuck how gorgeous the Chandelier Bar is. I don't really care that the bed and pillows were about as soft as a natural rack like wow. So what if Kaskade is playing at Marquee that night ... . . When it's 4am and I have to walk to the Bellagio to play some poker, I'd rather head back to the room and play poke her.. . . Yeah, I may be over reacting a bit but if you're supposedly a 5-star hotel/casino you should act like one. Don't get me wrong, I absolutely loved the decor and feel of the hotel and would head back to visit, but the casino left me wanting more.. . . That's just me.. . PS - I actually did stay here, not just visit the casino.
Very flashy, sparkly, pretty... AND EMPTY!! Some of the hotel is like an empty airplane hanger. HUGE, LONG hallways with NOTHING in them. You are walking and walking with nothing to look at. When you first walk in, you are in the Chandelier Bar which is gorgeous. Lots of swarovski crystals high above a regular plain looking bar. Other than that, theres nothing else to look at- at least not on the casino floor and the 2 floors above that. The only good thing in the Cosmo is the Wicked Spoon Buffet. That was amazing and I ll review that seperately. The Cosmo is also attached to a BIG mall, called Crystals. Lots of expensive useless shops that you ll never go into- much like the mall in Palzzo or Ceasars Shoppes.
ONE MAJOR FLAW. . . Just returned from a 3 night stay over 4th of July weekend 2011.  I have stayed at all of the high end resort/casino hotels in Las Vegas (Bellagio, Wynn, Aria, Trump, etc....).  I consider my self well versed in these hotels and their offerings.  . . The Cosmo is definitely new and 'hip'.  Here are my impressions of just some of the basics:. . LAYOUT. takes on a multi-level approach which works well, as restaurants are grouped together and the night club is on a different floor from the casino floor...this prevents foot traffic problems especially for the non-club people.  The casino is on the smaller side, but offers all the games and the cocktail service is quick.  . . Check In/Out. Went smoothly, although the front desk personnel didn't seem happy to be there.  While standing in line, you could tell by their body language and lack of smiles that it wasn't a very 'welcome to the cosmo' vibe.  I did see lots of guests standing in line with packs of beer and alcohol along with their luggage.  For a higher priced hotel, this is not a very good sign, but this is the crowd the Cosmo is trying to attract.  .  . POOLS. The pools were just average and I didn't care for their layouts.  There are 3 of them: . . The Bamboo pool is their 'chill' pool, with mellow lounge music and mostly couples.  The daybeds were arranged around the pool and many of them had semi private locations, which was nice as you didn't have to lay shoulder to shoulder with a smoker while trying to relax.  As stated before, the same people standing in line with their cases of beer, also are to be found roaming the pool areas.  Lots of chain smoking, tattooed, foul mouthed, drunk, people at the pools.  Many of them wearing long basketball shorts pulled down, exposing their underwear.  You know the type.....  again, for a higher end hotel this is unacceptable.  However, the major problem with the bamboo pool is the children.  You will find yourself getting pool water splashed into your $15 mojito when near the edge of the pool.  The life guard on duty seemed to ignore the kids diving and doing flips off of their dad's shoulders, as he was busy talking to a waitress for his entire shift.  It was a definite bummer.  . . The Marquis 'dayclub' pool, is exactly that, a day club.  The d-bag factor is through the roof as it would be hard to find a sober person inside.  The music is loud and the people are obnoxious.  Hotel guests get to go in for free, just show your key, but unless you paid hundreds of dollars for a 'table' you will have no where to sit.  . . The biggest pool is the Boulevard.  It is best described as a communal area, with some table games like foos-ball, ping pong, etc... daybeds, day chairs and small area for watching sports, similar to a sports book but with day chairs.  The music is also loud, mostly hip-hop and the food service is slow... slowest I have encountered in any Vegas hotel (approx 45 min wait for any food ordered pool-side).  . the view from the boulevard pool is of the strip, you are surrounded by buildings and it's a surreal and pretty nice place to layout and tan.  . . . ROOMS:. spacious and well designed.  bathrooms are on the smaller side, as they used most of the bathroom space for their shower/tub area, leaving little room for the sinks.  beds were comfortable, sheets clean.  most of the rooms have kitchenettes with microwave and extra space in the mini bar for any left over food.  all but the most basic rooms have balconies, this is a nice touch but here in lies the BIGGEST problem with the cosmopolitan hotel.  the balconies are large with some nice lounge chairs and small table.  the views are quite nice as well, ours was directly overlooking the bellagio's lake, we could hear and see the show and it was beautiful.  the neighboring balconies are separated by a thick piece of glass, but the glass is attached to the wall in a way that leaves a 2 inch gap between the wall and the glass.  the PROBLEM is that even with the balcony door closed, you can hear every word uttered by your neighbors while on their balcony!  The rooms are all designed where the sliding door leading out to the balcony is in the bedroom just in front of the bed.  So, at nights, when your neighbors come home from partying and drinking and decide to go out onto their balcony and talk and laugh, you are going to wake up.  also, if you leave your balcony door open then expect to be overwhelmed with cigarette smoke since just about every smoker likes to go out on their balconies and do their thing.  . . the cosmo is a newer hotel, but it wants to cater to the younger 'hip' crowd with their style.  unfortunately is raises the d-bag factor to a high level and therefore your will be annoyed by young tattoo ridden parents and their ill behaved offspring at the pools, and foul mouthed drunkards on the balconies disturbing your sleep.  . . there is nothing intrinsically wrong with the hotel, it is just the people it attracts can annoy you at every venue.
Corners were obviously cut in this hotel. Trying to appeal to high class but alienating everyone. Staff is not very friendly and proper training could go a long way. Prime example was when I visited the bathroom, missing parts on the sinks, paper towels were hidden and staff was witenessed knocking on stall doors after banging every door in the room while cleaning. It was just rudeness and lack of finesse trying to rush two guys out because they wanted to clean.. . The overall feel is cheap once you see through the sparkly decor. . . Two stars only because they were smart enough to put balconies on the whole building. A strip view balcony is a fantastic room to have.
Checked this place out on our latest trip to Vegas. Every year we make a 2 week trip out there so of course we had to stop in on the newest place.. . Its a nice hotel, I'll give it that, but the place just isn't for me. Yes its very flashy, with a rumored $30 million chandelier that sits in the center, and even has a cool looking lounge inside of it. Its just really, shall I say it - Rowdy? A very young crowd. Think Palms meets the Hard Rock. Drunken guys walking around even at 10am on a Sunday. I can only see trouble coming out from that.. . Definitely a place to go if you're looking to be a douche for the night. Other then that, the decor is really trendy but it just doesn't stand out from all the other nice hotels on the strip.
We usually stay at the wynn/venetian however we got a great rate and decided to give it a try. Upon checking in I requested a room with a king size bed and was told they were out and to try back tomorrow. When we got to our room it was rather beat up for only being open six months. The housekeeping staff really needs to get it together here. No coffee for the coffee maker, safe was broken(but fixed when we called down), shower gel was opened and 3/4th full......The next day we went down to the pool to layout. We went to the bar and asked if we could order breakfast and was told we couldn't order food until 11am. It was 9:45 so we went inside to the coffee shop(the only place to get breakfast besides the buffett) and got some fruit and coffee to take back to the pool. On our way back to the pool a man said we weren't allowed to take food out to the pool!!! After some persuasion he allowed us to take our food out. After the pool we decided to see if we could move to a room with a king size bed. I went down to the lobby and and spoke with the man about the room issues and he was super nice and understanding and upgraded us to a beautiful suite overlooking the bellagio fountains on the 63 floor. Wahoo things were turning around..so we thought. The new room was beautiful with a few mishaps from the housekeeping staff again. No robes, doorknob broken on bathroom door ahhhh...Also the people that answered the phone here and that worked in the EAT shop were rude too. It's like half of the people at the cosmo went through customer service training while the other half were hire from mcdonalds down the street. Needless to say we will not be returning to the cosmo again.....
Beautiful Hotel, but bad service.  . . Seems like they are still working out the kinks here.  . . The rooms are amazing!  Balcony terrace which I've never seen in Vegas and a beautiful view overlooking the bellagio fountain was great!   . . Sub zero refrigerator dishawasher stove and washer dryer (just no utensils, cookware, or a coffee maker) - so if you want the room to cook in just be prepared to bring your own.  . . Where things went downhill for us was that my brother was with me along with his wife.  Unfortunately they were on the east tower.  They were here from Florida.  DO NOT STAY IN THE EAST TOWER!  Unless you don't mind loud music until 2:00 in the morning.   . . After enough complaining the hotel told my brother that they would move him to the west tower while we were out during the day.  By the time we returned at 5:00, not only did they not move him, but when we went to the front desk he was told there was no room available despite being told he would have one.  Exhausted, and lacking sleep they finally got himin a room but made him wait two hours for his bags keeping him from getting in a nap. . . In addition when we arrived on friday July 15th my brother had arranged for a welcome basket for us.  Unfortunately it was delivered to the wrong room.  I think around 8:00 or so that evening it finally showed up.  Oh well. . . My other gripe is that we wanted to go to peepshow.  Should have just gone to planet Hollywood to buy them.  We were told VIP was sold out but we would be right behind the VIP section.  If you call the back of the theater behind VIP then technically we were behind it.  . . When we contacted the concierge they wouldn't do anything.  I've never experienced a hotel so disinterested in customer service.  . . Today we ordered a large pot of coffee with extra cream.  $20.00 later including a $5.00 delivery charge  (no problem with that along with the included tip) we have coffee with milk.  How hard is it to get coffee right.  . . My take on this place as a late 40's male with my late 30's wife is that this hotel is catering to the 20-30 crowd that doesn't mind $20+ cover charges $20 drinks and blaring techno.  I'm now too old for that so clearly I'm not that demo.  I want luxury. I don't mind paying for it.  . . Maybe in a year or so this place will be great!  The property is run by deutche bank not MGM or ceasars or a regular casino operator so maybe over time it will be better.  I've stayed at dozens of Vegas hotels, and this place really is a nice property - great fit & finish with the rooms    I possibly had the random bad experience.  It happens but the way they treated my brother who unfortunately was stuck on the east tower makes me leery to stay here again out of fear that I might get a room on that side and never get sleep. . . So to sum it up.  . . Great looking hotel. Poor customer service . Geared towards a younger crowd . . If you can tolerate that you'll have a great time.
This place is whats wrong with modern Vegas all packaged up in one sleek wrapper. The casino is empty and the place is packed. I mean packed.. There was so many 21 year old girl birthday groups moving around I was certain I was going to see Miley Cyrus or Hana Montana or whatever that deal is. It is essentially a big post high school dance where everyone shows up and stares ateach other. It was hilarious to witness the primping girls and metro boys everywhere. Everyone was all polished up (jean and T Shirts but hey its the new suit and tie), strutting around texting each other. Nobody there was into gambling just looking good for each other. Its like a Jersey Shore Casino.. even made the Palms look more like a casino than a meat market.. . Management.. if u want to start making some money and pulling some profitable patrons (profitable for u not hair gel companies and golds Gym) remove some of the mirrors. These kids cant survive without staring at themselves.. . . Shuffle up and Deal!
It is clear this place is being run by bankers...it's being run on the cheap due to bankruptcy I think.  They cut corners everywhere, not cleaning the rooms properly or providing the little things (shampoo) unless you ask.  The rooms are kinda dirty, the pools are murky.  For example, there was dried puke on the wall by our toilet...gross!  The elevators are way too hot and slow.  The nightclub is so loud that you can hear it all night (till 4am) even with earplugs in.  Don't stay here unless all you care about is partying.
This might sound brash - but for a city built on an excess to the senses, you have to execute things well.. . And the Cosmopolitan to me, is the name of my favorite drink, and is one of the newest hotels on the Strip that I kept hearing about. So I wanted to see it for myself.. . The styling in the hotel fits me well. I was awed and noted a lot of the little details they infused into the place. It was like Tom Ford had a party with David Bowie and then did drugs with maybe Christian Dior or Diane von Furstenberg. Just very cool, modern, with touches of glamour everywhere.. . However, a few detrimental notes:. . The Chandelier, was hyped up to me but once I was inside it - it lost its lustre. Yes, you are a sitting in a place strewn with crystals, but I expected a little more. It also didn't do them well, that once sat - it took about 10-15 minutes to be noticed. And this is while everyone is waiting in line at Marquee on a Saturday night. So needless to say, first impression of service... BLEW.. . The signature Cosmopolitan sucked. And for it being the name, I expected something out of it. It's like Carrie Bradshaw took a big wee-wee in my glass. . . While styled well, the hotel might have been planned out more than what it should have been. Everything was packed in so tight and it made for a bit of claustrophobia. You couldn't see where you were going, when you walked in and about. Best design element that struck a chord were the video walls in the lobby. Those fascinated me the most.. . Crowd was okay - it tasted like LA walking through here. There was so many LBDs (or little black dresses to you) that it looked like Herve Leger took a big shit on the place.. . Bottom line lies in the execution. For paying good money, you still need to be seamlessly good, and the Cosmopolitan failed at that point just on the surface. It still holds my curiosity at this point, but it wouldn't be my first choice to come back to when staying in Vegas - I don't think.
The Cosmopolitan is a beautiful hotel, but I recommend going to the Bond Lounge in the lobby over the pretentious Marquee Club.. . There are so many pool parties and clubs to choose from on the Strip.  I recommend going to an establishment that cares about their guests.  Besides, having been to both day and night club at Marquee, my friends and I found the club to be overly packed with an OK crowd at best.  Many people left around midnight including us since we couldn't move at all.  The dance floor was also small for the top 40's music, and downstairs seemed like a rave with rude people.  Ghostbar, Rain, and Moon were so much more fun at the Palms.  Pure at Caesar's is worth checking out for the great view.   But if you still want to check out the newest club on the block, just beware you are in for a night of waiting in multiple lines (even with guest list) and being pushed around and waiting around for pricey drinks with poor management.. *******************************************************************************. Below is my incident at Marquee Day Club:. . My letter to the Cosmopolitan Marquee...ignored by the management :(. . RE: Pool Platform Hazardous to Guest Safety. . Dear Cosmopolitan Marquee Management,. . I attended the Cosmopolitan Marquee day club at the pool on Friday, July 15.  Since there were music playing and fellow guests were dancing on the plastic box containers in the pool.  I decided to join in so I climbed on the clear raised platform by putting both of my knees up on the box; then I stood up on the box, which had a grid of raised squares with very sharp corners.  As I got on the platform, I felt a sudden pain on my left knee, then the crowd started to yell "You're bleeding!"  I looked down to see blood gushing down from my knee so I hurried to get out of the pool.  . . I informed the gentleman patrolling inside the pool of the sharp top of these box containers that are meant to be climbed upon.  He sent me to security by the door.  Then, a security personnel with black tattoos on both of arms came over, and I told him that the clear platform was very sharp and cut my knee.  He told me to follow him across the courtyard to get first aid.  I already wiped off the blood on my knee when I got out of the pool, but blood continued to run down my leg so I had to wipe it off again, and he made a mean remark, "I would prefer it if you didn't use our towels, but oh well, too late now!"  Not only was the security staff inconsiderate, he was downright rude and sarcastic.  . . At the first aid station, I told the Cosmopolitan/Marquee employees that they should remove those boxes in the pool for guest safety.  The same security staff sneered and said "Yea, I can't do anything.  People get stupid cuts like this all the time."  I was shocked that no one cared about the danger the clear boxes pose to the safety of their guests.  . . So before exiting Marquee, I tried to warn the staff about the dangerous hazard again.  I spoke with the service manager named Danny/Denny, and he just kept saying "We just got those boxes, and no one has ever cut themselves."  He didn't seem to get the fact that my incident can be the first of many.  I had expected a little more consideration from the manager, but he treated me like I was just a drunk drama queen who got a small scrape.  I have attached a picture of the cut taken after the cut was band-aid; you can see that my skin was lifted off the knee by the sharp grinds on top of the clear box in the pool.  The finger in the photograph serves as reference of the size of the scrape; my skin is still raw and my knee is sore from the incident.. . I am quite disappointed and shocked by the disregard and insolence of your staff.  There was no compassion or courtesy from the staff who handled this incident.  The management must be aware that the top of the boxes have a sharp top, which can easily hurt your guests.  The unsafe boxes placed inside the pool need to be removed or reconstructed to insure guest safety; it is a lawsuit waiting to happen as your staff just shrugs off the incident and disregards guests' concerns.  I hope your prestigious hotel and popular club, especially being the newest additions to the Strip, would offer your guest a safe environment on your premise and train your staff to treat guests with courtesy and respect.  Thank you for your consideration.
They still have a lot of kinks to work out.. . When we first arrived no one was there to open the "front" doors.. I had to phone the front desk for several issues and got incorrect information each time.. The staff at the pools and casino were very unfriendly.. If you are staying on a Friday or Sat night you should request the East Towers. For the money I paid I would not expect to be woken up from the partying that was taken place on the roof top bar. It was so loud it shook my tv.
The Cosmopolitan had high hopes for 10 girls staying here for my cousin's Bachelorette party. . . The main front check in area is very flashy and nice. The chandelier is also beautiful. Our city suite room is spacious, bathroom has a nice view. . . That's about it... Do yourself a favor and don't book any rooms here. The service is horrible. Room service is unprofessional. This is the first & last time we will be staying here. . . Reasons why:. They don't treat their guests well. . Had to pay for Marquee's pool party. when we were guests.. Our room keys didn't work, we had to go down to the front desk OVER 5 times to get it to work!! WTF?. our phones did not work the entire weekend, had to call from the other girl's room!!. When called about buffet price, was told the wrong price that was for week days only. . Room service never restocked toilet paper or tissue paper, nor redid the beds..  Found a disgusting men's sandal behind a chair.. . Don't book here even if your life depends on it.
My first impression when I checked in, was the concierge were idiots. I told them that I wanted to pay cash for both of my rooms for my bachelorette party. I did not want the Cosmopolitan to charge my room twice ( only because they hold the amount and process the amount both at the same time) The idiot asked me 5 times if I wanted to charge my card for the rooms. REALLY?!!? Then he said they would be holding a 300$ deposit for my rooms, did NOT mention that it was for each room. I was shocked to find 600$ charged on my card. They fail to tell you the small details to make your trip smooth. For example, we were not aware room credits did not include gratuity. When we called the concierge on a SATURDAY NIGHT, she said that the buffet would be " $22.99" She did not ask if it was for tonight, breakfast, weekday, or give us other prices because on weekends, the prices are higher for their buffet. . . The rooms were very nice. Other than that my stay was NOT memorable at all. I came as an excited customer and left dissatisfied and annoyed with the hotel and almost every hotel employee . . Almost everything needs to be improved. It took over an hour to get toilet paper to a room with 10 girls getting ready. It also took over an hour for bath towels. The concierge lacked customer service. Your employees at the front desk/check in needs to learn the definition of customer service . perhaps give them a dictionary and book mark "customer service" for them. Our doors did not work the whole weekend, yes we were comped but we were locked outside of our room for hours. None of our key cards worked did not have a coffee maker. The concierge, customer service knew nothing about the hotel. Gave us all the wrong information. Extremely misleading. . . This was the first & last time I will be staying here.
After visiting this hotel on many occasions for the casino and the night club my first impression was that the hotel was sleek, modern, with a classic design. I was extremely excited at first to stay at such a (at first glance) a nice, elegant hotel. However, visiting and staying at the hotel are two completely different things as I was unfortunate enough to experience.. . . The reasons for my 2 stars:. . CUSTOMER SERVICE. Let's start by mentioning the front desk:. Why in the world do we have to complain multiple times about the room?. My first complaint was about how the room key was not working. So after a night out, we came back at 2am to find that the room key was not working!! I went down stairs to front desk, and the concierge told me that they will get it fixed ASAP and got a security guard to walk us up to our room. My friends, who came in later than us, couldn't even get into the elevator or room and had to resort to banging on the door at 6am. We woke up in the morning, to find that the room key was still not working and went back to the front desk. Same story: they told us they were going to fix the door and get it working ASAP.. Three hours later:. Door was still not fixed when we came back. And again we complained.. Once again, they told me they are working on getting the door fixed ASAP. . Another two hours later: our door was still not fixed and we couldn't even get into our room without going to the front desk and complaining.. .  I found this to be completely ridiculous since we're in Vegas expecting good service for the price we paid for the hotel! . . In the end, we had to complain 4 times to get our room keys to work on the door. Seriously?? . . To add, our room phone was not even working!. . We ranout of toilet paper the first night (BTW we called multiple times for more, and they didn't bring it until the next day)  and resorted to using baby wipes. Why do I feel that I am camping again???. . Even more, the front desk did not know how much their buffet costs and told us the wrong price.. . Lastly, this hotel does not accommodate their guests in any way. For the buffet, we had to get in line like regular guests. (I know that other hotels have a VIP for their guests that are staying at the hotel). And there was a cover charge for the day pool party. What??? I don't mind paying, but at least provide us with something for being guests. . . For being a Vegas hotel, I was incredibly disappointed. I'm sure this doesn't happen to everyone but I was unfortunate enough to experience it. . . Overall,. The customer service does not outweigh the aesthetics of this hotel. I would not be staying here again. I don't usually get angry or overly snobbish and demanding but this is one of the few times that i felt the customer service just sucked.
Ever been inside a Forever 21? . Yes? ... Then you've essentially been inside The Cosmopolitan.. . This place is trying so hard to be hip, it's painful. Like, we get it, you have a mirrored ceiling with chandeliers in your lobby and giant dog statues.. . Whimsical, mismatched wallpaper. CHECK. Glitter incorporated into everything. CHECK. Oversized Alice in Wonderland furniture. CHECK. Mirrors everywhere. CHECK. Even more mirrors and chandeliers. CHECK. Modern artwork that consists of a single string glued to a gum wrapper. CHECK. . The Cosmopolitan is trying to convince us all that they're really glamorous yet SO underground and different because even though you're sitting on elaborate velvet chairs, there's a lamp next to you that's neon orange and made out of a milk carton; fashionably contradictory and therefore hip. [Insert infinite amount of eye rolls here] . . This whole place is just a douchebag. It only looks busy all the time because it's a high-rise building and therefore each floor is pretty small. It's noisy and chaotic because it's just one big traffic jam of hipsters in vests and fedoras trying to figure out where Marquee is.. . The parking garage being under the building is a good idea though. There's always a place to park because it's huge. Don't get it twisted though, this place still sucks.
Stayed for 2 nights over the weekend. Beautiful modern decor! Lots of "kids", 20somethings. Pools were an after thought, small area, no room for all the people who go during the day. We got down at noon and ended up putting our stuff in a planter and eating lunch sitting on the block wall. Room was nice but I guess we had a crappy maid because we did not have a robe or some toiletries our friends had in their  rooms. Tables were $25 and up. Buffet was great! Super comfy bed and room was really quiet. If you are 30-40 something, look elsewhere. Too crazy!
Esthetically, the Cosmo is the coolest looking casino on the strip right now in my opinion. But its service is hit and miss. The valet was fast and very friendly, the friendliest employees we met all weekend. Front desk was fine, not overly friendly but not rude, either. Our room overlooked the Bellagio fountain for a $25 charge andthe room itself was gorgeous. However, we were charged $5 for a soda we didn't even drink, it was already missing when we came to the room. Our bathroom light was burned out and the air stayed at 75 degrees and wouldn't change when we tried lowering it. We told them about it and no one came to fix it. The weirdest thing was someone knocking on our door like a madman at 9am and then using their key to come in WITHOUT saying that they were housekeeping or anything. Luckily, we had the additional door lock on so that they couldn't open the door completely, but instead of wait 30 seconds for us to get to the door, they just left. I still don't know if it was someone who worked for the hotel or some random person who had a key to the room! . . I also sent an email asking to fix an account issue with my Identity membership. It took them five days to respond and they said they didn't see any problem, but I logged in and it was still there. I loved the view and look of the Cosmo, but service was extremely disappointing considering there are so many other places to stay on the Strip with excellent service.
Yes, beautiful. Yes, flashy, Yes, new. Yes, fun party place.  . . Customer Service is TERRIBLE.  Everything takes WAY too long. I have stayed in MANY hotels in MANY cities and this has to be one of the most over-rated hotels yet.  It is pretty.  I will give them that much but how about a little attention to detail.   . . The first room we stayed in was on the 26th floor.  The club downstairs was so loud, you could hear the pounding through the walls from 10:30am-6pm and then again from 10:00pm to 4:30am....  HORRENDOUS!  Granted most people staying in the hotel are here on vacation but we were here for work and it was miserable to sleep here or spend anytime in the hotel during the day.  The remotes did not work and the TV wouldn't play the movies you ordered.... The light in that bathroom and shower were out... We called for them to be replaced 3 times, 2 days later... we no longer had to pee in the dark.  . . Our second room was on the 53rd floor.  Thank god the club noise was no longer an issue.  The movie system still did not play the movies we ordered- we had to have them removed from the bill.  The two times we requested room service they quoted 1.5 hours! We only ordered once.  The quote was correct. . . On top of all this...  The hotel held over $3,300 on our card for incidentals...  "due to the length of our stay". . $3,300 !!!  Are you kidding me?!?!?!  That is ridiculous!  . . Needless to say,  we didn't pick this hotel and  I will never choose to stay in the hotel again and I think you should seriously consider it before spending the kind of money they ask for.
While the room was clean and well-appointed, the hospitality was lacking. Long check-in wait, Bamboo pool was closed, the other non-topless pool was crawling with swinger-types and all the lounge chairs were either occupied or reserved. I asked a guy setting out more loungers how I could get one and he told me they were first come, first served, even though I could see about 20 in the storage locker behind him. The front desk didn't know which ballroom my conference was in, shopping was meh.. . Felt like I fit the Cosmo's target demographic, but they're not trying hard enough to fit my target vacay destination. Would be hard-pressed to stay here again.
Not worth the money but I would reconsider staying again for the following reasons:. PROs. - Blue Ribbon Restaurant was delish!  The Gindara Saikyoyaki(miso black cod) was my favorite!  It was cooked to the perfection which melts right in the mouth.. - Marquee, one of the best day and night club in Vegas!!  . - it was very convenient to book our stay there, so we could arrange everything within Cosmo without worrying about taxis and drunken girls :). - loved the antique and modern decor in the room.. . CONS. - housekeeping not up to standard for the price of this hotel.  I've stayed at other hotels where they restock all the toiletries when it is halfway full.  They would fold the clothes from the floor and put it neatly on a chair or bed.  Neaten up the mess on tables, floors, and change the mugs in the room daily.  Unfortunately our housekeeper did not do any besides making our bed.  It is very aggravating running out of shampoo, conditioner, body wash in the shower.  I also left a gel eye mask in the refridgerator, which was gone the very next day.  I assumed it was thrown out.. but why would you throw that out?  There were plenty of trash in the room that should've been thrown out but yet my gel eye mask was thrown out?  . - long check in line. - i called rom service for hot water and I was told it will take an hour and 15 minutes!  WHAT??  All i wanted was a hot water... unfortunately, i couldnt wait and never got my hot water.. . I hope if i ever stay at this hotel again, I will see a big improvement from all the cons i have listed.
Physical Property is good. Might be the worst customer service we have ever had in las Vegas. Hard to imagine from pool service to room service how a bunch of people could care less.  Appears to be no leadership?   Why build a two billion dollar property and don't hire proper management
This place looks like a Tor Burch store crossed with Star Wars.  WTF were they thinking?
What a completely disappointing experience!!!  I had high expectations from a 5-star hotel, but my experience proved that wrong. . . Being the newest and one of the nicest hotels on the strip, my friend decided he wanted to stay here to celebrate his dirty 30.  We decided to stay from Friday, October 14 to Sunday, October 16.. . RESERVATION:. We had a decent size group so I decided to call into reservations and see if we could get a group rate.  My information was passed on to the celebrations department and I worked with Angela Cooper to set things up.  She was able to set a website up for our group so Cosmo would know our group was together and place us in rooms near each other.  In addition, because a site was set up, we were guaranteed set rates up until a certain date.  What wasn't clearly told to me was that a "block" of rooms would be reserved for me, but it doesn't mean rooms next to each other are reserved no matter how early you book, it means it's based on availability.. . CHECK-IN: What a horrible experience!!!. *We checked in at the front desk at 1:20pm and were told that our room wasn't ready.  When I booked my room, it asked what time I would arrive.  I entered 1pm...why ask what time we'll check in when you're clearly not going to honor it?. *The girl checking us in said she would check us in so when our room was ready, they would call us and give us our room number.  She also said she would notify housekeeping to get our room ready as soon as possible so it shouldn't be too long.. *I mentioned to the girl checking us in that we had a block of rooms and wanted to make sure we were together.  She looks up a couple of names and said we're all on the same floor.  Turns out, we weren't (more on this later...). *We decided to walk around and get something to eat.  An hour later, we still didn't receive a call.  My friend calls and they said it would be another 10-15 minutes until our room was ready.. *Being the tweeter that I am, I tweeted how annoyed I was.  Cosmopolitan tweeted me back mentioning that check-in technically wasn't until 3pm. Fine, I'll wait.... *It's 3:15pm and I still haven't received a call that our room was ready.  My friend calls again where the operator had to contact the front desk.  They said our room was just about ready and we were able to go up.. *We head up to our room.  WTF our keys aren't working.  My friend calls again where the operator says that's the correct room and they'll send security up with new keys for us.  . *While my friend is on the phone with the operator, I'm on the concierge phone.  I'm told the bellboys could only bring keys to me if I'm in my room.  If I was in my room, why would I need keys?!  I said they could show them my ID to verify that it was me in the hallway.  I was then told only security could do that.  Fine, send me security!!  "It'll be 30-45 minutes until security can come up there" I was told.  Ughh!  Back down to the check-in desk I went.  . *One of the birthday boys calls me and let's me know he just checked in and is in his room.  He tells me what floor he's on...NOT THE FLOOR THE CHICK CHECKING ME IN TOLD ME THEY WERE ON.. *I expressed to a manager, I believe his name may have been Terry, how upset I was.  Although nice, we were simply credited $50 for food and beverage.. *I was still tweeting with Cosmopolitan who had asked for my last name to contact the front desk to try to help me out.  They then tweeted me back to enjoy my upgraded room.  Ummm...I didn't receive an upgraded room, this was the room I paid for. FAIL!!!. *We get to our room, we don't even have hand or face towels. . . ROOM:. We decided to book a terrace studio room which at the time of booking was $280/night +tax.  The room had two queen beds, large bathroom complete with both a shower and tub, a small living room area, and a kitchen area which consisted of a sink, microwave, and fridge.  However, don't think you could store things in the fridge, it's all minibar items!  The room has two tv's, however no tv in the bathroom.  The terrace room looked towards the MGM and Aria direction.  I think if you want a view of the Bellagio, I believe you have to pay the premium view price.  . . Apparently I had a faulty room because it was EXTREMELY difficult for me to open the terrace door.  After going to one of our other friend's room, we also found out that we were missing the seat/ottoman combo on our terrace.  . . Because of my experience combined with the amount we spent to stay at a "5 star" hotel, I doubt I would ever stay at the Cosmopolitan again unless my trip was comped.  No doubt, Cosmopolitan will be receiving a complaint letter from me...an actual snail mail complaint letter!
The City Center complex is owned by German's Deutsche Bank after the original developer lost it during the economic bust. . . As with all banks being run by incompetent idiots who are materialistic so are the operations of The Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino of Las Vegas.. . The bars/lounges are SUPER cheesy, Chandelier is obnoxious along with Bond and Vesper bars being a typical hotel lobby bar. I think their main target clientele are gold diggers and the wannabe princesses.. . The customer service SUCKS ass. I've been told to wait in an imaginary line by myself while a worker at the counter just stands against the wall when I try to sign up for a rewards playing card aka. Identity card. The bonus $10 free play feature only works on 20% of the slot machines because they are cheapskates.. . One of the ticket machine ate my remaining change when I tried to redeem it. I flagged down a girl that worked the casino floor and told her what happened. It seemed that she couldn't be bothered with dealing with other people's money. The girl gave shitty attitude and constantly rolled her eyes along with hiding her smirks. With Vegas being a shitty city due to a bad economy, I'm surprised the German Deutsches would hire such a skanky bimbo who feels as if she's all high and mighty. So this brunette bimbo with the attitude could NOT resolve anything had to get her supervisor. The supervisor was cool he didn't even sweat the bimbo's pettiness. Also he was very knowledgeable and just mouthed off instructions to her on how to resolve the issue.. . The ONLY saving grace at Deutsche Cosmo Hotel was the buffet Wicked Spoon none else.. . +1 star: Wicked Spoon. +1 star: Good for eye candy with TONS of skanky faux prostitutes walking the floor at night.. . -1 star: Experience with "entitled" brunette bimbo. -1 star: Lousy service -- "Do I smell arrogance?". -1 star: SUPER cheesy overpriced lounges - Chandelier, Bond and Vesper
Very Trendy hotel!!!  . . A friend was able to get me a free room for my birthday!   Thanks KJ!  :-). . The check in process was LONG-even in VIP, however I guess I shouldn't complain because it was free.... . The room was cute and clean.   I enjoyed the views from the wraparound terrace.. . Room service was GREAT!!!  . . I asked the bartender at the vesper bar  to  Surprise me with a drink that was fruity yet would still give me a buzz, she hooked me up with a SAGE 75!!!   Let's just say I enjoyed it to the fullest!!!  . . Shopping in the hotel  left something to be desired.   . . I don't think I'll stay here again, however it was nice to experience it -  especially since it was free!  ;-)
Wow.  Did not think I'd be writing a bad review for this place, but I'm afraid I have to.. . Back in February, I was invited to stay in a 1200 sf wraparound terrace suite, but when I arrived, they told me they were out of them and I've have to settle for a smaller terrace suite.  However, I was verbally promised that a note would be put in my account for an upgrade the next time I stayed.  Seemed fine to me.  Since I wasn't paying for the room, I didn't really press the issue and the resolution was acceptable.. . Fast forward to today, an hour ago.  I had received another free terrace suite offer and called to set a reservation.  When I asked about confirming that an upgrade would be available, I was told that nothing confirmed over the phone unless I received a *written* upgrade promise.  Moreover, the reservations rep stated that she saw nothing in my account regarding the promised upgrade from my last stay.  So, I cancelled my reservation immediately.  Can't abide a lack of integrity.  I'm sending a separate email to the supposed supervisors, so I'll update this review if they resolve this issue.. . As far as the hotel and casino themselves, as others have mentioned, they are quite  beautiful, call it contemporary cosmopolitan style.  Lots of dark wood veneer and crystal.  It's really quite lovely, and I did enjoy my stay here back in February.. . They also try to cater to a high-end clientele.  On my last trip, as I played at a table, the pit boss came by and upped the minimum bet.  "Keeps the riff raff away," he said with a smirk.  Hey, mother-fracker, I *am* the riff raff!  And based on his definition, they would probably consider the majority of people reading this review to be the riff raff as well.. . The attitude is funny in light of the actual short, sordid history of this place.  If you know the history, you'll also know that beneath the beautiful facade it was acquired in foreclosure and is hemorrhaging money.  I don't know if that explains the surly attitudes, but for a property that's essentially broke and living off debt, they sure have a lot of noses in the air.. . For my money, I'm sticking with the Caesar's properties, Bellagio, or Aria.  They might not be as "hot" as Cosmopolitan is right now, but at least they treat their customers with respect.  And hopefully they'll be around longer.
Pros: Really amazing to look at, awesome restaurants, younger crowd. Some of the best cocktails I've ever had. Definately the best brunch buffet in Vegas at the Wicked Spoon.. . Cons: THE STAFF. I put in all caps because they are just that bad. Wanted a romanticweekend in Vegas with my boyfriend, so I booked a suite with a king bed. When we got there, we were told there were no clean rooms with king beds. I said we would wait. The woman checking us in then replied in a very snotty, stuck up way "King bed is an option, its not guaranteed. All we have are rooms with two queens." I asked if I could pay the upgrade and get a 1 bedroom suite. She said there were none of those with king beds either. Aparently there were no available rooms in the entire 60 floor hotel with a king bed.. . Now, I don't know about you, but rooms with two queen beds remind me of family road trips, the least sexy thing I can think of. For what I paid for the room, I would think they could at least send a staff member to clean a room with a king bed for us. . . They did give us a $50 food credit, but in this hotel that won't even cover a good steak and a cocktail. I wouldn't have minded as much if I felt like the woman checking us in had tried even a little bit to accomodate me, but she was just terrible, acting like I was inconveniencing her.. . Also, if you expect the waitresses in the bars to serve you, you'd better be prepared to start flashing your cash, because they completely ignored us while there were 3 of them serving a party of 5 nearby, who must have been tipping large or something.. . Now I move onto the Marquis Nightclub - There was barf in the line that no one cleaned up throughout the entire hour we were waiting. Gross.. . The line made me excited for the club because there were a lot of glamorous young people waiting. However, when we got to the front, we saw we had been waiting because they kept letting in huge groups of fat, poorly dressed bald men. Seriously they were wearing sweatshirts and old loafers, not even attempting to dress up. Obvoiusly not rich or anything. Later we learned that there was some kind of video game convention in town that they were catering to, but still, on the main floor the ratio had to be at least 5 to 1 fat bald men to hot girls. The boombox was much better ratio wise, but not nearly as cool as the main room as far as decor. . . Moral of the story:. 1. If you want a sexy grown up king-bed room, don't count on one here.. 2. If you want the waitresses in the bars to serve you, start flashing your benjamins.. 3. If you want to go to a club that is not full of ugly fat men, make sure there is not a video game convention in town.
We went to the Cosmopolitan  just 4 weeks ago. Had a good time.Great 1 bdr suite, not cheap.The balconey is cool. The place is fun and new. My problem is that the IDENTITY CLUB  is basically worthless. Cannot use points on first stay. What the hell is that. These points are baloney worthless even after. 20000+ points gets you sh-t. Do not waste your time gambling there.. We played a tremendous amount. But, NO COMPS, no host in sight, didn't even comp room! This place is the definition of a clip joint. I thought I'd try something new, used to go to Bellagio, now will stay at Wynn only.
Nice decor. Not great service. Upon evening arrival we were told our booked, confirmed, prepaid room was not available. We were offered $100 in (overpriced) f&b compensation. . . Then, when we went to Holstein in the hotel to grab a bite that night,  they basically forgot us & we had to remind than to deliver our food order.. . Next day we had to check 3 times before finally moving to the room we had booked. This included front desk taking my cell phone number but never calling. We finally got our room by mid-afternoon.  . . We had to wait in line each time we checked too. I guess lines are a fact of life at the hotel. Each morning we had to wait in a line, after prepaying at the cashier, to be seated at the Wicked Spoon buffet. Food was good but it's a buffet!  Why the line?. . So not a great service experience from a purported high-end hotel.
Where should I begin? My husband and I booked a trip to Vegas and decided to stay here since it was new, fun and had great pricing. What a mistake.... . We checked in on Friday and were told that our room wasn't ready. I asked for a quiet room on a high floor and they said they would call us when it was ready. We waited in a long line to have our bags held then went for a snack. The pizza at the hidden place was delicious. After walking around the hotel for awhile we finally got word that our room was ready. It was gorgeous, had a great view, etc.  We had to wait for about 30-45 minutes for our bags to be brought up as they wouldn't just leave them in the room. At this time we also discovered one of the tv's wasn't working so we had to wait longer for someone to come up and reboot it. We had dinner at the Wicked Spoon that night. The wait times were atrocious.... Close to 30 minutes just to pay and an additional 60 minutes to be seated!!! Food was great though. We traveled all day and wanted to get an early night's sleep so we got into bed around 10:30. At this point our walls starts vibrating from the club... Quiet room it was not! I called to complain and after being told they couldn't move me I told them that we were going to check out ASAP. Finally they listened and switched us to an actual quiet room, however, the person I was speaking to thought he was speaking to his coworker and started talking bad about me without realizing I was the customer and not his coworker. . They said that they'd credit us $100 for our troubles. . . We finally got settled into room 2 and got a good night's sleep. On Saturday AM we went to the buffet again - same horrific lines, but fabulous food. We were told that we would get a call when our next new room was ready... At 5 pm I called to check and was told that new keys would be brought up shortly. After waiting for over an hour and a half, it ended with my husband going downstairs and getting in a fight with the front desk due to waiting in line for 20+ minutes without being helped even though he was the first person waiting in line. . . So finally we got into our next new room and it was missing the following - Kleenex, a second remote and a working light above the shower. At this point we decided not even to complain or ask as we knew it would just be a waste of time. One thing we did have though was bobby pins on the floor (not mine). Gross!  We ate at both Holstein's and Milo's that day and loved both!. . Now onto the kicker... My husband made a bet on the Monday night football game. We got back to the hotel at 10:03 pm and the sports book on the 2nd floor said that they were closed for the night and to go downstairs to cash it. We did and they were closed too with a sign saying they open at 8:30 am.  At 8:45 this morning he went to cash his bet on the 2nd floor as we were leaving for the airport soon thereafter and they said they were in the midst of a "surprise audit." They sent him on a chase throughout the hotel for 45 minutes including a stop at the Casino Cashier and couldn't get his bet cashed as we were going to miss our flight. When he went back to the 2nd floor he was then told the "computers were down." It's one thing if you make a bet for the future and know you'll have to mail it in. It's another when you're there and ready to cash it and they're too inept to do so. . . Also when checking out they had no record of the $100 credit offered to me and tried to make it MY problem by questioning who I spoke to, etc. . . While we loved the vibe, buffet, restaurants and shopping in this hotel, we will never return. There is zero management, the customer service sucks and the housekeeping in pretty non-existant. If you want a 5 star hotel, don't stay here. Consider yourself warned....
Love the hotel and the restaurants (especially DOCG(?)).  But be ready to be robbed by the maids if you go there.  Our do not disturb signs were missing (went there with my friends who shared an adjoining suite), when we went to the spa, everyone left their purses and wallets.  Came back and all of the cash from everyone's wallets were missing along with the slot machine ticket that was sitting on the table.  The management was very blase about it and we are dealing with security now.  I will post an update.
Came in April just in time to enjoy the weather and balcony of their standard suite with the soaking tub in the window. Check in was interesting the boy told me he liked encore better which annoyed me because I've stayed at Wynn for years and wanted something cooler. The suite was cool and I was very impressed with the decor and balcony.  However...that's when the problems started.. . The atmosphere is great don't get me wrong, the bamboo pool was really nice the boulevard pool was just a different quality of people i dunno what was going on over there.. . room issues reported.. -Bathroom door fell off . -bathtub metal plug broken when arrived had to be replaced. -drapes broken. wooden shudder wall/seperate  bathroom to bedroom were broken so the steam from bathtub made it into bedroom which was annoying.. -minibar fridge is small and has everything packed into it, knocked one item over and was charged literally $100s and had to tell the story over and over to multiple managers and front desk staff to get the charges fixed. If you don't care about an occasional issue then stay here you'll have a good time either way.
I came to a realization during my stay here this past weekend: The Cosmopolitan is the modern equivalent of the Hard Rock Hotel when it first opened in the 90's.  Back then, that was the IT hotel.  Everybody wanted to stay, party, and be seen there.  These days, it's the Cosmopolitan where the "cooler than thou" people are staying.  And if you think or ever thought Ed Hardy and True Religion are great fashions for men, this is the right place for you as well.  But for a more old school Vegas experience, which I prefer, look elsewhere.. . During this stay, I encountered a new and unwelcome charge: Gone is the free wifi previously offered.  Also, at some point during my last evening there, my toilet evidently backed up.  Fortunately, I was out, but it made for an unpleasant return to the room.  On the plus side, the room was free and I was only slightly bothered by the bass that could be heard from the club below.  And they gave me money to play here and food credits, which are always nice.  Finally, the person checking me in was very friendly and complimented me on my glasses.  (Yeah, I'm scraping the bottom of the barrel for good things to say.). . I'd hoped my stay here would change my mind on my previous negative opinion.  I'm sorry to report that didn't happen.  This place won't even be the top choice if they offer me another free room, as, quite frankly, I have a few top tier hotels to choose from already.  When I checked in, I was told they were near full occupancy, which is great to hear.  Means they won't miss me.
I stayed at the Cosmopolitan for the first time in September this year. During my stay, I took in a show, shopped, dined, used their beauty salon and gambled all at this hotel. These were pleasant experiences. . . Withthat said, I will never return to this hotel ever again. I would rather stay with Brace from "Gigolos" than spend another penny at this hotel. The reason for this is because their finances and customer service are the worst I have ever experienced. . . If you look at my other reviews you will see I am normally a reasonable person. I try to take things in stride but I think this hotel's customer "service" has broken me. I only write this review to warn people: . 1 - Have $300 on your credit card available. 2 - Don't split or make any changes to the card, they can and will screw it up with no apologies. 3 - Upon check out, even if the lines are super long, wait and check out in person so you can have a physical copy and assurance you have been credited. . . I know I made some mistakes here but my overall frustration was with how terrible they handle their finances and the customer service is abysmal. All of my trust is lost with this place. I would have gladly referred my friends to this place if they hadn't been so awful after check-out.. . **Edited because this was long and whiney.. ***Double edit because Cosmopolitan FINALLY came through (not because of this review)
This is the nice new hip place as everyone has said. Thought it was amazing upon first arriving- good location, high tech rooms, trendy, good restaurants, dealers are fun and engaging. . . The bad-- no late check-out. Really? After gambling a shitload all weekend I can't get an extra hour. So you get everyone to leave at the same time with only a couple elevators working!!!  Smart!  The elevators were a NIGHTMARE!!! People were slammed in and missing flights having to wait 45-60min. Bell desk, don't even think about it. Over 50 people in line, one or two people working. We walked to the Aria and had a bell hop come up to us within 30 seconds to check our bags... They had bell hops everywhere. . . Buffet was good, really not as great as everyone is making it out to be. Went for brunch and couldn't even get an omelet without waiting 30 minutes.  Again, understaffed.. . Overall- meh. Didn't hate it, didn't love it.  It's the new 'hot' spot to try out, that will change soon.  Probably go back to the Wynn/Encore or try Aria.
This is a beautiful property in a great location but the service level is below what I usually get at a Hampton Inn.  Long check in lines and very slow responses to requests.  We are in a wrap around suite with the "beck and call" button on the phone.  Called for hangers for clothing, only a few provided, then had to call again 2 hours later.  Called for an extra blanket, hour later asked the housekeeper for a blanket, then at 11:45 PM, aft converting bath robes into a blanket for my son, someone shows up with a blanket.  Called at 9:00 AM next day for something, called again at 5:00 PM to follow up and they had no record of my first request.  The suite has a washer and dryer, but no laundry soap.  Also has a kitchen, but no glasses or eating utensils provided.   An awesome property falling down on execution of the basics.. . An update, the manager made a personal call to apologize and the quality of housekeeping improved greatly after that.  I appreciate the effort very much.
F.Y.I: The Cosmo is an absolutely beautiful hotel & casino but LOOKS ARE DECEIVING! So many people rav about this place and I've always wanted to stay here so when my birthday came around, I jumped on the Cosmo bandwagon and booked aroom here for the one night I was stayin in Vegas.  Before I begin to open up a can of worms about this hotel..let's start off with the good things about this place...Honestly the only reason why the Cosmo is getting 2 star is because of STK, Wicked Spoon, and Marquee. Without those 3 places I would give this place negative stars if I could.. . First off...Don't believe the HYPE!!!!! After droppin all that money for an expensive room, you would think that it would be the cleanest room you walked in to...WRONG! I walked in all excited about how sick the room and of course took a tour. In the bathroom drawers there were dirty q-tips, urine on the toliet seat, and the a couple of the white pillows had dirt marks! WTF!!!!! Two words : COMPLETELY UNACCEPTABLE! The only good thing about this room was the view of the strip and that I fact that I had my own personal jacuzzi/tub!. . I complained and got moved to another room that apparently had a "better view"...and let me tell you I was fooled.  The woman at the front desk upgraded the room for the inconvenience of the dirty room and when I arrived to my new room...I couldnt believe my eyes! The tracking was coming out of the sliding door, the light in the bathroom didn't work and this amazing view was the freakin view of the pool!!!! Ummmm nobody is chillin at the pool in Nov and trying to lay out when its freakin cold outside!. . When I checked out, I looked at the bill and they ended up charging me for the room that I was upgraded too! How do I get moved to a room and am not told that I was being charged...she fooled me with her alleged customer service!  The Cosmo was such a BIG DISAPPOINT and not worth the money that I spent! So yelpers...Try stayin next door at the Aria because the Cosmo just got dissed and dismissed! So Yelpers....Viva las vegas (minus the Cosmo)!
although i had a great weekend with my girlfriends, i definitely didn't love this hotel....  severe shortage of chairs around the pool - so annoying.  they clearly want to make $$ on cabanas and day bed rentals.  also, drains around the boulevard pool reeked and didn't like how the pool area was all chopped up into little sections and too much shade everywhere.  everyone's trying so hard to look cool here, that nobody's really having any fun.....  or maybe i just don't have patience for all of that anymore.
Very loud hotel and the rooms were starting to look run down. Service was ok, could have been better. Japanese soak tub was dirty-yuck, wish I didn't pay extra for that. Gym costs $20 and internet is expensive too. Oh, and no cell phone service if you have A T & T. Good place to party though and the chandelier by marquis is beautiful.
I really, really wanted to love this place. It's beautiful and in a great location, has lots of highly regarded restaurants and shops. Unfortunately I end up having a decent time only about one out of every five times that I'm there and that's in spite of the place and not because of it.. .  Take tonight for example; I played at the slots for SEVEN HUNDRED points before I could get a drink. It's a friday night at peak hours, yet there wasn't a waitress to be found. Eventually I asked someone to send a waitress by and when one still didn't come I lucked out by a creepy floor guy corralling one in my direction with what I'd consider lewd behavior (I'm pretty sure he smacked her *behind*).. .  Try going to the bar to get a drink instead you say? I have. I've been to the downstairs chandelier bar on almost every visit and god forbid you open a tab at the bar, because waitresses on the floor will close you out and make you reopen with them if you order from the bartender (which is often a necessity). Half the girls that I've seen are in over their head, or so it would seem from the way they charge around the floor. It's not the sort of behavior (or level of service) you would expect from a place like this. . .  I hear that they are having a hard time getting people to gamble here and I can see why. It's a place to come and eat, shop or even stay (I hear the rooms are amazing) but it's not a place to meet friends for a casual drink or gamble (at least in my experience). As a repatriated local I really wanted this place to be more welcoming,  but either my expectations were too high or this place is (as I see it) a Las Vegas stereotype; beautiful but lacking substance.
i haven't stayed in one of the rooms, so this review is strictly for the casino area.. . This new, hip, hotel had so much buzz around it, that i was really excited to go see what all the excitement was about. While visually, there is a lot to see, i was really kind of disappointed overall. The hotel felt almost claustrophobic with all the different designs and decorations going on...maybe it was due to the lower ceilings (I'm more used to the open high ceilings of Aria etc..), or the fact that it was crowded in general, but something about it made me feel uncomfortable.. . My friend and i decided to gamble for a bit before we left so despite the initial awkward impression, we decided to stay for a bit. Now, this isn't really the hotel's fault but i have to say, i have never encountered so many douche bags in my life, than at the casino here. The crowd in general were just downright rude and obnoxious. I literally had some greasy sleazy man physically shove me hard out of the way just so he can get a spot at an overly crowded roulette table. This was of course after asking me if i was waiting to play, and i had said yes. True, he didn't beat me down or anything crazy violent like that, but have some class. . . Also, to the ladies there, i feel your pain wearing 5" heels all night, but if you're just going to end up walking around barefoot all night in the casino with your mascara and glitter eyeshadow running down your face, have a better game plan and invest in some dr. scholls ballet slippers. When the crowded hip new casino is filled with about 75% of the ladies doing this, it kinda makes the whole hotel look gross.
I was not impressed and I dont know how other reviews have added up to a 4 star review.  Thats the same reveiw as the Venetian and Palazzo.  This hotel doesnt come close to what the Venetian offers in quality, service, flexibility, choices and comfort.  This is a trendy hotel that will play out in 3-5 years that chareges rediculous rates for just about anything.  Has poor shopping venues and bad concierge  service..really bad.  Could not get a good drink in any bar or restaurant.  They charge high!! prices for no alcohol.  I'm still trying to get a buzz from their drinks.  It is also a very young crowd..I dont know how this business model will survive. Our room view was nice overlooking the Bellagio Fountains and the room desings were nice.   But this hotel is in no way in the class with the better hotels in Vegas..its just new.  But you do not get value for what you pay.  I would not recommend..
A little over a year ago we stopped by this hotel one night to gamble and have some drinks.  I think the hotel had only been open a few months and was not very busy.  We had SO much fun.  The ambiance was cool and the hotel/resort wasn't full of itself quite yet.  The people that worked there were so nice.  We decided next time around we would love to stay there.  We recently visited again for my hubby's 30th birthday.  . . First - the place is SO busy... almost too busy to the point where they haven't figured out how to handle it.  It took an hour to check in ( we were at the front desk by 3pm) and then another hour until our room was ready.  . . Upon check in we were asked if we wanted to upgrade our wrap around terrace suite with a view of the bellagio fountains for another $175 a night.  No thanks, no big deal.  Well, after waiting FOREVER for our room and then getting to it, we found that we were staring at a concrete wall on one whole side of our wrapround balcony and on the other side, a parking garage.  We did have an OK view of the bellagio and the palms in the far corner. Anyway, I did not pay $650 a night to stare at a concrete wall.  I called the front desk and complained and they claimed no one has ever complained about this room. WHAT? REALLY? Who builds a wraparound suite (only one level price wise down from their penthouses) that is completely blocked by a concrete wall?  On a high note, we could climb onto the roof from our balcony and actually onto the very top of the hotel.  Liability anyone?  I gave it up and had some drinks and got over it.  I was more angry that they didn't offer a dinner voucher, or something else to make me smile since we paid quite a bit for the room and weren't happy.  I may pursue a little further now that I'm home and look for some sort of refund.  The room was a good size but was nothing super special.  Was more homey & not like a trendy Vegas room.  My hubby is in the civil/architectural engineering business and can always tell when the cheaper way out has been taken and he was constantly pointing out things that could have been done better.  The bed was really comfy.  I've stayed in cooler rooms at The Hard Rock HRH towers, the Encore & the Palazzo.  . . We had a kitchen, but it had absolutely nothing in any of the cabinets.  Not a spoon or a fork to be found.  Luckily I had done grocery delivery and had some cutlery in my order.  I wanted to make cupcakes for a late night snack for my hubby's birthday and I had to use the ice bucket to mix the batter.  . . What made me really angry is that there is NO iPhone/iPod dock.  EVERY other room I've ever stayed at in Vegas has had one (complimentary).  At the cosmo, they make you pay for a special connector... seriously?  They provided Satellite music but I don't feel like listening to the same 20 songs all weekend.  I have Spotify on my phone and had made a dance playlist just for this weekend.  So lame.. . The pool was cool. Good drinks, fun ambiance. It was positioned so by the late afternoon when it's the warmest in Vegas, the building completely blocked the sun and so it got pretty cold.  Probably during the summer it will be no biggie, since it's always hot.  There are pool tables and stuff by the pool and a good sized hot tub for the windy day we were there.. . I thought the buffet was good, but it was only my second one in Vegas.  The guys we were with were disappointed in it and the selection.  We ate at Holsteins twice and it was yummy... the shakes were to die for.. . Overall, it's a nice hotel with really good looking people.  Usually when we stay at a hotel we just kind of camp out there the whole weekend.. at the pool or casino or the clubs.  The casino was OK, the pool was fun, there was no way we were waiting in the 3 hour line to get into Marquee (or paying the 3K for bottle service to avoid the line).  This trip, we were across the street at Planet Hollywood where our friends were staying, at the Wynn/Encore for the clubs and bars there or at the Bellagio.. . I've stayed at Mandalay, theHotel, Hard Rock, Luxor, Encore, the Palazzo, Monte Carlo and now the Cosmpolitan.  I think this is the first time I didn't think I got my money's worth.  Maybe we are old or something, but next time we definitely will be staying at the Wynn or Encore.  The Cosmo is the "IN" place but honestly, I don't think it has the staying power.  Give it a couple of years...
I'm not a big fan of the COSMO.  Marquee may be the place to be, however, everything else there is mediocre.  For example, while playing craps, I rolled a nine.  One dealer put the point on the nine, while, the other dealer put the point on the five.  So my friend and I informed the moron that the point was on nine.  After waiting three minutes to confirm, they let me roll.  Sadly, to say, I rolled a seven.  The sportsbook isn't that great.  The room is nice, but, I do not like the fact that I have to use my keycard to access going up the floors.  Sometimes, the key reader does not work.  In conclusion, I would never stay at the COSMO.  I'd prefer the MGM properties over the COSMO.
Our room was awesome and our stay was great.  Until check out.  That's when they tried to upcharge me in such an obvious way.. . My friend works here and hooked my wife and I up with a Terrace Studio with a Balcony and Fountain View.  It was awesome.  Especially because it was only $130 per night for the two nights.  She made the reservation and I called to confirm it  and to change the night because my daughter was sick.  Sure enough, the lady on the phone said the price was right and they charged my debit for the first night.. . When we checked in I told the lady to switch it to my credit card.  Later that day I see a $445 charge on my debit.  What the heck?  I called the front desk and they said it would be taken care of.  Then I see a $9 charge from the mini bar because I moved a bottle.  Come on!  . . The Cosmo is beautiful, blah blah blah.  Everyone knows it and we actually go here a fair amount (we just had a baby so that means once every couple months) to eat with our out of town guests.. . And then we went to check out.  The fella at the desk told me I owed $332 after the $145.  What the What?  I explained the employee situation and he told me it doesn't exist.  He went onto tell me that when I changed the reservation the rates changed to $220 a night.  I explained it again, very calmly.  No go.  I got heated and let a few expletives slip.  He called his manager and they fixed it.  . . Just goes to show you you don't get anywhere being nice.  I hate when people/places try to blatantly screw you.  My friend said they do it all the time.  Will never stay here again.  I'll opt for somewhere more honest.   My house.
I really wanted to like this place, I've heard its beautiful. Well beautiful it is, but considering how new the place is, the cleanliness is a big factor. We checked in on a friday night and upon arrival on which we upgraded to a balcony room, i step onto the balcony and there is garbage on it, clearly was not even looked over during cleaning, which makes me wonder what else was looked over. There was old food in the refrigerator, and the room was a little dusty. I was willing to overlook all of that, but then saturday we went down to the pool, left the room at 9:30 and returned at 5:30 and the room had not been touched despite the "please service our room" tag on the outside of the door. There were many little details that the hotel should try and straighten up, it's those little things that make a big difference. I did like the hotel overall and would be willing to give it another shot, maybe they were short staffed, but cleanliness was a major issue.
Not sure how this place has such good reviews. . . Pros: . - young party crowd. - pretty chandelier bar. - marquee dayclub and nightclub. . Cons:. - AWFUL service. just awful. staff is incredibly rude everywhere within the hotel. . - Weird layout for the casino. - no shopping in the hotel. none.. - only one restaurant (STK) other than small burger and pizza joints. How can a   vegas hotel have no restaurants. what??. - overall just small in size. . The waitress at the buffet pulled a chair out from under my friends bottom (literally) and told her she couldn't sit there. Our waiter at STK told us we couldn't order a drink after we closed the food tab and that we had to leave our table. Housekeeping had hour long waits for towels. yes, towels to bathe with. Room service woman on the phone had a major attitude and literally mocked us on the phone - slowly explaining to us the meaning of "cancelled" as if we were a 3 year old. Our room was missing the tv remote and our room phone was broke. no fun.
If you're looking for customer service don't go here. The employees are robots and are not allowed to say or think anything outside of what they have been trained to say and do.  They gave me the hardest time when I was checking in.  I don't even want to get into what the problem was, but needless to say the man behind the counter just kept repeating him over and over again like a robot.  . POOL - the pool was closed for some random private party so we couldn't go to the one we wanted to go to.  . ROOMS -  amazing but all hotels have amazing rooms for the right price. . . If you want Class,Customer Service, and don't mind the price, go to ARIA.
I dont' know why but the first review I wrote was removed.  I feel that something has to be said about the robots who work at Cosmo. It's a great looking hotel but I had the worst experience will the employees from the guy who checked me in, to the people at the pool, to the bartenders.  The service is less than average.. . If you want class AND good service, go to Aria.
Stayed here a couple weeks back and what a lovely atmosphere, however disappointment.  The service from planning to leaving was either very great or very poor, one extreme to another, no middle ground, here are a few examples, when we checked in early we were told the room would be ready in an hour, after that hour they said another hour, then turns out it was ready until 6pm! Wth, we then missed our afternoon plans... got to our room, wow what a great room until you look a little closer, very poorly cleaned. If you lifted a glass there was a ring of dust, all of the snacks had dust. My neighbor opened her drawer and found condom packages. Our bathroom was half stocked, we had to call for toilet paper and they never brought it. Asked for towels, never came. Now the Bed however seemed very clean (good they focused on that) very comfortable. The elevators designed poorly each time we used it took about 20 min or so because every time it came it was FULL. OMG and the pool, wth, I never thought that prior to booking I should ask what the prices are, turns out they have very little free/first come seating, it is all reserved, meaning you have to pay a min. $600 in food and beverage to reserve a simple lounge chair, not even  a cabana, rarely anyone could afford this which means more than half was empty and nowhere to hangout.  I would visit here, maybe a cocktail (all the bars were awesome) but I would not stay there again after this experience, not worth it.
When we walked through the indisputably sharply appointed Cosmopolitan, we thought, "Look at this pretentious nightmare of douche-bag hipster gloriousness! We must stayhere!" And so this year, we did.. . The problem was: It IS a pretentious nightmare of douchebag hipsters. Douchebag trust-fund hipsters, to be precise. What we had enjoyed briefly, thinking for some reason that everyone was in on the irony, was quickly revealed to be entirely literal. The simplest way to describe it: Bellagio is old money. Cosmo is new money. . . The Marquee Day Club is modeled after South Beach clubs, with beds and bottle service and fake boobs perched on anorexic ribs and tanning bed tans and life-of-leisure abs. The "attitude" is as thick as the Pour Homme. Basically, douchebag mating grounds. . . Our wrap-around terrace suite was absolutely lovely (1887) with a commanding view of the Strip and the Bellagio fountains. Yet little things were...off. The towels were rough. The washcloths worn. There was no trashcan in the kitchen, nor a coffee maker. The bedroom phone cord had been ripped out. The robes were cuddly soft, though. . . My husband was genuinely freaked out by the uber-attitude, to the point where I think he was actually spoiling for a fight (you can take the boy outta da Bronx....). I reminded him that we were in THEIR world, that it was WE who had to adapt or die, that they were all behaving in exactly the appropriate manner for who they are. Please, thank you, excuse me...all as foreign to them as thrift stores and coupons.. . Next year? Back to Bellagio, where pretention is the frosting on a classy, moist cake, not the acai berry in the small-batch vodka of the month cocktail.
Nephi, after a encounter with a nasty front desk clerk, . I finally made it to my room with my heavy luggage  However, I couldn't open the door. Finally, using 2 hands and my entire body weight i barely cracked the door open. The room, however was impressive,very sleek,large, jacuzzi tub, 2flat screens, kitchen,balcony; everything I expected and more. Then my disappointed continued. A few hours later my husband opened an $8 bottle of water and drank 1/3ofthe bottle and left the bottle on the table. The next morning the bottle disappeared, probably was removed by the housekeepers. Why? . At night I took a bath. Upon ending, my husband noticed that the entire florin the bathroom was totally soaked so we had to use all of our towels to absorb the water. Then the water still remained in the bathtub so the water didn't drain well.. during the day Saturday I stopped by the room to get something. I asked my friend in room 2842to open the door to the room. She also barely had enough strength to open the door.. Upon entering the room there was a weird water running noise coming from the bathtub but it stopped within a minute or so.. When I returned to the room after dinner, thru up in the sink and the sink wouldn't drain. I went to take a bath. Again I got out of the tub and the floor in the bathroom was full of water. I called beck and call and the lady said she would send someone to take care of the sink. I waited 30minutes and called the front desk manager, Zack. During our conversation, the weird bathtub noise started again and last about 1-2 minutes. Finally the plumber arrived and he stated that the front door is hard to open. The following morning I woke up and went to brush my teeth and saw the remainder of my throw up in the sink. The plumber unclogged the sink but didn't run the water as to clean the sink! Unacceptable for this level of hotel! There are weird noises in the room, maybe coming from the elevator 24/7..  I have a verizon Iphone and the cell service in the rooms poor to terrible.  The TV across from the bed had streaks of fuzz every few minutes.. We weren't able to check out from the room and went down to the lobby to huge check in lines. Clerk said to use the kiosk. Kiosk said that we need to see the host. None of the staff knew who and where the host was! After 15 min my husband got mad and called a manager who checked us out and said that the front desk manager would respond to the email but I never rec'd anything.. Honestly, nothing was quite right. We usually stay at Venetian,Palazzo, Ritz, Four Seasons and am always amazed at the service and quality. Maybe I expected too much from Cosmopolitan.  . room west 3228 and 2842
After booking a room at the Cosmo for 3 nights and checking out the hotel website, I was definitely pumped to stay at a top of the line, new hotel located directly in the center of the Las Vegas strip. . . As other reviews have mentioned, this hotel IS swanky. The furnishings are nothing but chic, the chandeliers are massive, the bedding is lovely, the bathrooms are brand new and furnished with nice shampoos, conditioners, lotions, etc. As for the hotel itself, I was definitely impressed. . . As for the customer service...well, that's another story. You'd expect a premium 5 star hotel on the Vegas strip to offer nothing but the best in customer service and satisfaction. Unfortunately, the service was not up to my expectations when it comesto a 5 star hotel. . . When I checked in with my boyfriend for a 3 night stay, we were informed that the hotel has a DEPOSIT of $150/night. Seriously? I understand that a deposit is necessary, and many hotels have a deposit requirement, but $150 per night is a bit excessive. We told the front desk clerk that we had a late flight out. She told us to just call downstairs and request a late check out, and that it shouldn't be a problem.. . The morning of our departure, we called downstairs to request a late check out. We were informed that any check out after 12:00 noon would be charged for a half-day's rate. What? This was not communicated to us on check in. What seemed like it wouldn't be a big deal was clearly an issue for the hotel. After attempting to negotiate, we were able to get a 1:00 check out. A whole 2 hours? Gee, thanks. The icing on the cake was when a hotel employee knocked on our door at around 11:30 and told us that we were late checking out. After calling the customer service number and complaining about her treating us like children, we did not receive any sort of solution other than an apology.. . Overall, the hotel itself is lovely, the customer service is lacking. Try somewhere else.
During my personal trip the Cosmo deserved no stars, but I realize that hopefully it wasn't the norm. We checked in at 3:30pm, check in was 3. We told them we had four ppl and needed two beds, like we reserved 6 months prior. They explained that they were sold out and all they had was a one bedroom king. Ok...... I thought if it was awesome then maybe. The room was a big bedroom, i dont know how they could consider it an upgrade! The pullout couch was stained with everything that can possible be on a bed and all the linens had holes. The 2 different roll a way beds they brought were the same! All they did was give us  a $75 credit. It took 3 hours to get 2 grilled cheese sandwiches for $80! It even got worse when we went to Marque club and were put in the hotel guest line which took 3 hours to get in. I could have just came early and paid and got in faster. There are so many great hotels in Vegas, why would they not try harder? I dont know. I will never stay there again. The Venetian is so much better!
It's pretty obvious that The Cosmopolitan is a beautiful hotel.. With great views of the strip, extremely comfortable beds and spacious suites, it's surprising that I'm giving The Cosmo only two stars.. . Here's the deal:. My check-in was an absolute nightmare.  When I first arrived, I did what any normal person would do and checked my bags... especially after being told that my suite was on the opposite wing of the hotel. The last thing I wanted to do after traveling was lug  2 large suitcases across a massive hotel! NO THANK YOU.. . After finally arriving at my hotel room, I called downstairs to see how long it would take for my bags to be delivered.  I was told a MINIMUM of FOUR HOURS.  I couldn't believe it.  The hotel clearly knew they were fully booked that weekend, so they should have staffed accordingly.  Also, I should have been informed when I first checked my bags how long the wait would be... then I wouldn't have checked them in the first place!. . Anyway, I sure as heck wasn't going to wait until 7pm before I could access any of my stuff.  So, there I was.... sweaty, tired, and wanting nothing more than to take a shower and a nap before a long night out in Vegas.  Instead of being able to relax, I had to drag myself across the hotel AGAIN, wait for 30 minutes for them to locate my  suitcases, and then spend another 20 minutes walking back to my room. By the time I was done with the whole "getting my bag" ordeal, almost two hours had gone by.. . What a nice way to start my trip in Vegas... and so much for stress free!. . I don't remember being put through any such headache at The Wynn or Encore.. So, yeah, I've experienced better.
I stayed at the cosmopolitan for our 5 year anniversary.  We booked their suite with wrap-around balcony and the view of the fountains.. paid around 900 bucks for 2 nights.. . The good:. - Best views in vegas - we had a view of the bellagio fountains and the strip. - Big room - 1200 sqft of room.. thats massive. - Convenient location, central to everything. - Most of the staff was courteous and polite. . The bad:. - no drinking water ( most hotels at least have a bottle - specially needed after a long flight and super-hot vegas weather ). - no coffee machine. - no toiletries beyond the basics - we asked for a shaving kit which took 1 hour to arrive. There was no bath scrub, etc. which most hotels in this price range offer. . - gym access was 20 bucks per day - I actually had made sure that the hotel had gym, I guess they forget to mention that you have to pay to use it. - renting a chair at the pool was a few hundred bucks. - chocolate cake took 1 hour to arrive and wasn't that good. - we ate at the Chinese+mexican restaurant which was basically overpriced and lousy food.. - the bathroom light wasn't working, so i called the concierge. nothing happened for 2 hours, and I had to call again. they said the previous person didn't put the request in.. . I have stayed in a lot of vegas hotels, both for work and pleasure from 60 per night to the mgm sky lofts - but this hotel has underwhelmed me the most.  I have come to expect a certain level of service from high end hotel, and the cosmopolitan completely disappoints.
First I will say the hotel is stunning, the rooms are great, I had the wraparound terrace suite, beautiful view. However, the service was AWFUL. The laundry list of things that went wrong is mind boggling and too long to just be a coincidence. Keep in mind I went during the week (less busy) and they over charged us for using the refrigerator, pots and pans, the stove didn't work, bell hop showed up 3 hours after we check in, they don't provide hair dryers in rooms so we had to wait 2 hours for one, had two call them 5 times to clear up charges that were wrong, it costs money to use their refrigerator, had to wait 3 hours to check in, they charge your room a "party fee" if you bring booze over a certain limit on the bell hop cart (no other hotel does that). I was comp'd $300 and maybe you are thinking wow that's reasonable. I avidly go to Vegas and if that list of things happened at any other hotel a night or two would've been refunded (I've had that happened). . . Hotel is beautiful yet you will have a headache the entire time from dealing with their shenanigans. Also, VERY IMPORTANT, they will tell you over phone check in is at 3 pm but check in isn't actually till 6 pm. You might think I was simply mistaken the 4 times I called prior to getting there to confirm. No they told me that at front desk.. . Their attitude is thatsince they are one of the nicest hotels in the world they can half ass their customer service.
Just about everything from a service standpoint went wrong here...i could not get housekeeping to come to the room, and one of the phones kep beeping in the middle of the night. when i called she couldnt help me so i unplugged it and left it outside. My friend in the east tower said that the elevators were locked and he couldnt get to his room for at least an hour. What a mess! I think Ill stay somewhere else on the strip next time i come to vegas...
I was really excited to be staying here, but honestly it was kind of a disappointment, especially for how much I paid.. . I stayed here on a Monday night, was upgraded to the 47th floor Terrace suite. Cool. The room was nice, no complaints here but the hotel service loses some points. I called for more towels and it took an hour and a half and 3 phone calls for someone to come. Seems like a minor detail but when you're paying top dollar for a hotel room, the experience needs to be close to perfect.. . I honestly still prefer Palms Place or Vdara. I doubt I will stay here again.
This place is overrated.  I was excited to come here after hearing all the hype.  I expected much better quality for the price.  We stayed on the 49th floor of the west tower and as soon as we got out of the elevator, it stank like feet and wet dog.  The decor was ugly and looked as though it was thrown together in a rush.  Our bathroom wallpaper didn't have clean edges and looked about ready to start peeling off.  Tsk tsk.. . We hung out at the Bamboo pool which got pretty crowded by 1pm on a Monday.  We ordered a couple of Bloody Mary's and charged it on a credit card.  I was flabbergasted when the waitress came back  and the bar said that my credit card was declined.  I called the credit card company and they said that I had enough credit on the card and that the Cosmo poolbar charged the card 4 times!  I spent 30 sweaty minutes on the phone with the credit card company and the waitress trying to get the charges reversed.  The waitress was cooperative, sweet, and real apologetic and said that their system must have gone down.  Not a good way to start my pool day but the drinks were really good  and I ended up ordering a couple more times anyway, paying with cash to be safe.. . I got a player's card and came up a little bit on the penny slots.  Be sure to bring a sweater on the casino floor cause it was freezing.  So much so that we decided to go back to our room to defrost.  Brr!. . Some pros is that it's in a central location.  It's conveniently easy walking to Paris, Bellagio, and Aria.  The best part of my visit was CRSVR and Holsteins.  . . I wouldn't pay to stay here again.
I REALLY wanted to enjoy my experience here. Iheard so many great things about this hotel and was looking forward to my bachelorette weekend (not MY wedding, a friends). All 8 of us girls arrived ready last week, ready for a weekend filled with clubbing, booze, food, and gambling. . . We got an upgrade to the suite instead of the basic queen bed rooms. That was a plus. Then all hell broke loose. . . The elevator situation here is RIDICULOUS! We had to wait so long for elevators to come up or go down that instead of spending our money in their casino, we spent most of our time in our rooms drinking OUR alcohol. The lines for everything were so ridiculous. A 1 hour long wait for the buffet?! Seriously? I know that this was the busy season for Vegas but I have been to Vegas almost every summer for the past 5 years and have never had an experience like this.. . We had bought tickets for Santigold and Bloc Party. After standing in the rain for about 2 hours, they came on and said that Santigold was NOT performing. We were pretty upset at this so we left. We then found out later that she ended up showing up around 1am and performing after all. She played a 25 min set. The hotel says things are out of their control- so we called Ticketmaster. Since she ended up playing, we cant get our money back. . . Way to go Cosmo- you made our weekend filled with inconveniences. Next time, I'll stay at one of the many other BETTER hotels on the strip and give them my money.. . I am still coming back to try Wicked Spoon though damnit!
As a major in pedantry, I am writing this review of the reviews. I go to Vegas 10 or 12 times a year to visit my money. Have stayed at all the 5 stars and a few 4 stars. Thought I would try The Cosmo this time. The reviews on Yelp were primarily positive. Way too positive compared to the reviews on Trip Advisor. My reason for mentioning this is to encourage more Yelpers to be more discriminating and expect more when they pay top dollar. Sites sujch as Yelp are invaluable to travelers and a perfect place to make hotels and others try harder.
WOW where do I start with the negative comments on this one. This place is astethically pleasing, but the staff are so incredibly rude. The gorgeous ambiance of the hotel (why it's getting 2 stars instead of 1) seems to effect the staff in that they are snobby, arrogant and the "best of the best".... in Vegas hotels means you are simply commonfolk and should appreciate and kiss their feet that you get the privilege to stay there. I was incredibly polite throughout my stay and did not deserve the way I was treated: . . I booked four standard city rooms for a Bachelorette party. I requested on the reservation that I made 6 MONTHS PRIOR to arriving that they be connected. Ok, I get that your hotel is busy, but really? How hard can that be when I made the reservation 6 months prior? I have plenty of friends that work in busy, ritzy hotels.. IT'S NOT THAT HARD. So all 15 of us hung out in the hotel for the day while we waited for our rooms to be ready. When I checked back at 5pm to see if they were ready, the staff informed me that because I made a request the rooms be connected, "the room may be ready at 6pm... or 11pm tonight.. you never know, you ARE staying at the cosmopolitan, so we never know what time your rooms will be ready." WTF? I didn't pay for four hotel rooms to be available at 11pm tonight and the attitude was completely unnecessary. The rooms became available at 7pm and they were split up all over the hotel. Awesome. . . The rooms - they were nice and clean, what you would expect. The food tray with the sensors (my favorite) on the tiny little table.. if you tap it, it sets all of the items off, so expect to pay for ALL OF THEM even if they aren't eaten/used. I called down to have the tray removed due to this, and they told me that sending up a technician to remove itwould be $30. Oh, and if you want a cord to hook-up your ipod? That technician is $25. Oh, and when you call down to customer service to deal with these issues? Expect the staff to also be rude and condescending; THE CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS RIGHT does not apply to this hotel. . . For a special occasion, some hotels treat you better than their normal customers because someone is celebrating something special. Forget it here. This hotel is beautiful and I will come in to dine, go to the pool and the nightclub... but I will NEVER stay here again.
We just got back from a 4 night stay at the Cosmopolitan and I doubt I'll go back.  This hotel fell well short of our expectations.  In short, our room wasn't ready when we arrived, items in our room didn't work, the room had been and continued to be poorly cleaned during our stay, and hotel staff was in general not helpful.. . Upon arrival, we were informed that they didn't have any rooms available like we reserved and that they didn't know how long it would be before one would be ready.  They tried to up-sell us to another room for $50/night, but we declined and chose to wait for the room we requested to be cleaned and become available.  They gave us keys and informed us that they would call shortly and let us know what our room number is and that our keys would be automatically activated for that room.  After roughly a 2 hour wait, we received the call that our room was ready, but their system to activate the keys wasn't working so we needed to go back to the front desk to get new keys made.  After getting back to the front desk to get new keys made, another attempt was made by the front desk employee to up-sell us to a different room, this time for $30/night.  Again we declined.  However, we were able to talk them into putting us in a room on a higher floor than what they had originally assigned us to (originally assigned us to a room on the 30th floor and we ended up with a room on the 61st floor).. . At first glance the room was nice, but the longer we stayed there, the more issues we found.  We found an empty beer can in one of the cabinets within the first 30 seconds of entering the room, but yet the maid didn't seem to be able to find it and dispose of it in the 4 days we stayed there.  The mini bar was missing items.  We worried that this would show up on our bill when we checked out.  It did, but the front desk had no issue taking the item off our bill.  The lights in the room can all be controlled via on/off wall switches or via dimming options through the TV.  It's kind of a neat system except it rarely worked.  After our first night, we were never able to control the lights or any of the other features in the room using the TV.  We were also never able to get the TV in the living room area to come on after the first day.  I suspect the 2 issues were related.  The jacuzzi features in the bath tub didn't work at all.  The maid seemed to come every day we were there, but yet I saw no signs that the room was ever vacuumed while we were there.  The iron in the room had a broken knob on it so you couldn't tell what setting it was on or change the setting.  My other issues with the room get pickier from there so I'll stop.  While this all sounds bad, we didn't stress out about it too much as we really didn't spend that much time in the room to begin with.. . The staff at the Cosmopolitan leaves much to be desired as well.  Of the 3 people we had to deal with at the front desk, only 1 was really helpful and pleasant to talk to.  It ended up working out better for us that this didn't happen, but when the front desk called us to tell us our room was ready, they should have also called the bellhop for us to have our bags that we left with them brought up to our room.  Instead, we had to stand in line and deal with the bellhop ourselves.  We rented a car for a day from the Hertz desk inside the hotel.  Upon trying to return the car, no one was working the desk at 11am.  The couple in line in front of us at the Hertz desk waited nearly 35min while hotel staff was dumbfounded as to why someone wasn't working the desk.  We waited about 20min and a couple behind us waited about 10min.  I can't fault the hotel too much for Hertz not doing their job, but the organization and communication among the hotel staff about how to resolve the situation was pathetic.. . My girlfriend had ordered a b-day cake from the hotel to be delivered to the room at a specific time and day to surprise me.  This request was confirmed multiple times and the hotel assured her that the cake would be delivered to the room at the time she request.  But, of course, the cake was in fact not delivered at the time she asked for nor anywhere close to the time she asked for.  We don't actually know when it was delivered because we had to leave to make a dinner reservation.  When we returned to the room much later that evening, the cake was sitting there in the room.  No apology or explanation was ever given as to why the cake wasn't delivered when requested.. . While there wasn't any one big incident that really made us dislike our stay at the Cosmopolitan, it was the numerous little things that, at the end of our stay, made us look back and wonder if maybe we should have stayed at a different hotel.  I truly expected more from this Hotel.  Do yourself a favor and stay at another hotel.
This is one of those "I don't really get all the positive reviews" kinds of reviews. . . This hotel is pretty and shiny and newish, but little cheesy/eighties with the red and the black and the glittery bits. The entire property is basically one big nightclub with beds. I know you come across some degree of this in every Vegas property with a casino; but, this was to the nth degree of anything I have experienced in a long history of successful gambling/bing drinking/gourgingtrips to the city. . . We had called and requested a certain room type days in advance, then again called to confirm that morning of travel and were assured it would not be a problem. But, upon check-in, were advised the room was not available. The room we were placed in was fine, but situated directly above the indoor/outdoor nightclub. You don't really sleep that much in Vegas anyway, but at 14 floors above the lounge I really wouldn't expect the party to be penetrating my walls from 6am to 4am. Don't most people stay in bed past at least 9am in Viva anyway?. . The second night the hotel did move us, as requested, to the quieter side of the building, overlooking the Bellagio fountains. If I had some way to pipe the music up from the fountains to my room, I probably would have spent the whole weekend on the balcony. One very nice thing about the rooms was the access to a decent sized patio, which is hard to find anywhere in Las Vegas. . . Our second room was as attractive as the bellman that moved us into it. The rooms are contemporary, in a 'this was chic in 1985 is cool again white on white kind of way'. The rooms had two well defined areas, one for sleeping and one for lounging, as well as a nice sized bathroom with Bigelow amenities. I liked the fact that each room had lots of art and culture related books, although, one of the big picture books was sticky. Hotel+Vegas+Sticky Picture Book = Idontwannaknow. . . The bottom line for me is that I am not now, nor have I ever been a club girl. The Cosmopolitan is made for the club guys and girls of the world. And, with the $350 price tag on a holiday weekend, your average club guys and girls were packing themselves like sardines in to their double occupancy rooms so they could still afford their Red Bull & vodka cocktails. On several occasions we had to wait times to get up and down the elevators because they were so overly full. The civil engineer who approved that design should stick to single floor establishments. . . The hotel was absolutely overrun with hammered broads in cheap heels and cheaper dresses (I know guys - dream come true) and douchey dudes in stripey shirts. I walked outside one night to a waiting car, on our way out to a nice dinner, and stepped directly into gum, which essentially ruined my (not cheap) shoes. I could go on for days, but I think "gum spitting crowd" and a staff who doesn't care to clean it up pretty much sums up my experience here.
Gorgeous hotel & amazing view of the strip but upon arrival, the wooden blind shutters, tables, books, nightstand radio & lighting fixtures all had dust built up on it.  The ice bucket had a used plastic lining still inside with water in it.  We waited until the next day to see if housekeeping would correctly clean the room and of course, they did not. Instead, they were chatting it up in my room and laughing instead of cleaning (I happened to walk in while housekeeping was there).  I finally complained to the front desk about the cleanliness and they cleaned a little but it was still not up to par compared to the other hotels that I've stayed at. In addition, the television stopped working and when we called to have it fixed, no one ever showed up. We waited an hour before going out that evening.  Other noticeable things: scuff marks on the bathroom door; chipped wood on the edge of the desk; never replaced the glasses we used; stains on the carpet; and sink was clogged.  Disappointed with the cleanliness.  Does the hotel even care that they charge so much money for unclean rooms?
It has a very impressive exterior at night with the dark color and blue lighting; it captured our attention to visit and see what it was like.. . We went in to see if there was a nightclub or bar on the uppermost level. We were told the bar is on the 4th floor. It's really too bad that a striking building like that has no rooftop view or bar.  . . Security was evident, which is good.. . We also don't prefer that area of the strip; not much to see there.. . Much preferred Palazzo, Venetian, Bellagio or Caesar's Palace.
I have stayed here twice on business.  The decor is gorgeous, great views, and i think every room has a balcony but unfortunately, that is the only thing going for them.  Their staff is slow and uninformed starting with check-in/front desk associates going up to upper management.  The rooms are never properly cleaned...coworker found a condom wrapper in his room.
I have to give it all stars simply on service alone. Everyone at this resort in Las Vegas was so nice and accommodating. We stayed for 3 nights Nov. 18-21, 2012 in a Terrace Studio with a view of the Bellagio Fountain. Fantastic!!!! I usually try to stay in a different hotel with each visit for variety but I've found my permanent home in Vegas at the Cosmopolitan. No need to go anywhere else. Make sure you visit the Vesper Lounge near the Lobby and get yourself a Vesper! Jamie behind the bar was great! The dinner at Scarpetta's was outstanding! I'm already thinking of when I can go again! And the cherry on top? They don't charge a daily resort fee! - Hold that thought - I just found out that the Cosmopolitan will be charging a $25 daily resort fee starting Jan. 1, 2013. I'm so disappointed! I've dropped my stars based on this.
CALL AHEAD!!!  We live in Phoenix and theAZ Republic featured A Very Vegas Holiday..over the top displays...make the Strip a Christmas gift.  The newest attraction was the Cosmopolitan ice rink, which featured real ice off of Las Vegas Blvd.  We came early on New Years eve and they were closed setting up for a private party. .   . We showed up at the rink area/pool area and they had staff waiting to let everyone know the rink was closed that day.  No signs at the elevators or any indication that it was closed...BUT..the staff at the pool area were super nice and let us look around and take a look at the rink area. We took a few pictures...so we knew we were at the rink, but didn't get to skate.  Anyhow, it was disappointing we didnt' get to participate in the new attraction, but the Cosmopolitan staff at the time were wonderful to let us look around and take a few pictures.  . . Note to self.....call ahead.
For the amount we were paying, I was severely disappointed. We had a 2bd/3ba suite. Had to call and ask 3 times for more towels. Shower handles were loose. 3rd bathroom (half-bath) door lock was broken. Returned to our room at 2pm one afternoon and the room still hadn't been cleaned. Great location but terribly managed.
I would say this place is definitely overrated. Stayed here for one night during Super Bowl weekend. Check in was fine, but when I got to the room I noticed several things that were not up to Marriott standards for any hotel.. . 1. Dirty underwear and hooker cards all over the closet. Simply went to get the iron and found them all over. Gross!. 2. Blood or semen stains on the shower curtain. Looks like they had been there awhile. Makes me think of a motel 6. 3. Shower had poor water pressure and did not get fully hot. Also did not drain well and after the first shower had soap scum all around the floor.. 4. Refrigerator already had items missing from it which I think they charged me for. Have an $11 charge on my bill for something and it doesn't even tell you what it's for.. 5. Phone did not work. This is what finally prompted me to complain. Went down to the front desk and told them everything. They sent someone up to look into the phone problem and had no idea about my other complaints. The guy was mostly just making excuses for everything and said he would give me $50 off the room.. . In all it wasn't the casino or restaurants that were bad, but the customer service and the room. Something I'm sure Marriott and other guests would like to hear about. There are better hotels on the strip for the money.
The Cosmo is beautiful on the outside and the slots always look shiny and new. Sadly, the layout, colors, decor, and table games suck. It seems they went for an over-the-top, look how late 80's/early 90's classy we are. The absolute worse part was the casino stench. I'd say about half of the casinos pump in a certain "House scent", but this place REEKS of a nasty smokey smell as if someone maybe set bubble gum on fire or something. All decorations just look cheap to me, like what elegant was, not what it is or will be.
Let me start by saying I really wanted to love the Cosmo. I wanted it to be amazing.  Really. Gorgeous property.  Great vibe and energy.  Alas, beauty really is only skin deep.  If you don't want to read this sad tale just skip to the bottom for a few hints on what to do and not to do here. . . To start, they were understandably overbooked.  I get it.  Vegas on a long weekend. My issue is how the management and front desk handled (mishandled) the situation.. . The first hint should have been the incredible long wait to check in.  When we finally got to the front of the line we discovered that the wait was long because no one was being told what the problem was.  Be up front!  We finally had to guess.  We were a group with three rooms, two suites and a king.  We were told no suites were available until tomorrow night and that we would need to take a double for the night and move to a suite the following night.  No offer of any compensation. Two drinks when we asked.. . Here's the kicker. The king ends up in a gorgeous suite for the entire stay.  The two suites stay in doubles the first night and move into suites the next night, ours being a handicapped suite with an un-stocked mini-bar.  We don't know it's a handicapped suite until we move ourselves...no offer of help.   Again...be upfront!. . I'm leaving out lots of details and conflicting stories from the staff but you get the point. . . BTW the mini-bar never did get stocked.. . Two stars because the concierge and bell staff are excellent. Lots going on at night. Beautiful property. Henry's is good for 24 hour food. Blue Ribbon Sushi is outstanding.  Great coffee at Va Bene.  Don't waste your time with Comme Ca.
I booked the Cosmo by bidding through Priceline, so I didn't pick it specifically. The problem for me with this hotel is thatit seems to be aimed at 20-somethings, which I'm definitely not. If you want a hotel that's very slick, modern, and hip, this is probably the hotel for you. If you don't like super-busy, noisy places, or want something more understated (I know, it's Vegas), go elsewhere. . . My biggest complaint was with a weird, periodic noise in my room (it almost sounded like a vuvuzela) that made sleeping very difficult, and the service I received to deal with it. The first time I called about it, no one came after about an hour, at which point I left. The second time, in the middle of the night, the engineer couldn't find the source of the problem, but the front desk wouldn't move me. Finally, later that night, when I still couldn't sleep, I called again, and they agreed to move me to a different room (which was quieter but still not very, due to nightclub music).. . The fitness center was nice, but I don't know if I'd call it 5-star, and the Wicked Spoon is a decent buffet, but nothing compared to the Mirage's. . . I suppose that a lot of people who stay at this hotel don't sleep much there anyway, but if you're not that type, I recommend someplace else.
If you are into partying and insanity, this is the place for you.. . If you are over 25 and want to enjoy Las Vegas, this is NOT the place for you.. . We ate at several places in Cosmo so we were in here often but we just went in to eat and left.  Freaking insane!   People were falling down drunk, people were half naked (and not in a good way), and we saw arrests on several occasions.  . . Leave Cosmo to the teeny boppers and head over to Aria or anywhere else for that matter.
It's a pity I have to leave lower stars, because I do like the building and the staff is friendly / restaurants are great.. . My Low stars comes mainly from the fact that the two times I stayed there, I paid good money to get premium views in the best rooms and even checked in ahead of time to make sure that we got the views -- but promises were not kept and upon arrival we were put in different rooms. This last time, it caused us to stay in our room almost the whole first day waiting around for them to put us in the room they promised us in the first place.. . The second thing that got me a little concerned is that both of the rooms we had this last time had seriously stained sheets, and it's obvious what kind of stain it was.. gross.. . Overall, I wont be staying here anymore, which is unfortunate -- again, there is a lot of good potential here, so long as they clean their act up inthese areas mentioned above.
I love the decor of this place and the rooms are very classy, but beware of the agents trying to upgrade you.  We were bambozilled.  They offered a upgrade which we perceived as just 400 bucks, but it was like 400 in addition to the 100 we already had for our reservation.  . . I recommend whatever prices they give you make sure to get a copy before you go to your room, because if we didnt ask we would have been stiffed with a $1300 night stay.  . . The pools there are for show haha I am a little fat and the pools I saw I don't think I could even lay down in the pool to cover my fat. I would have to lay face down to try to hide it. LOL.  Lots of sexy women during the summer walking all around the hotel in the bikinis.  It makes it hard to concentrate sometimes  gambling, but I don't mind.  . . The gym is awesome they have some high end equipment and with TV's and stuff the shows you how to use the high end equipment.  There is even a boxing ring and a Tennis court.  I only wish you could use the Steam room or sauna, but they hotel says that's a different company from them.  I would think use of the steam room or sauna would be covered in the resort fee,. . I would stay again at this place maybe if they offered me a better deal.  I have stayed at other hotels all around vegas 5 star hotels, but never had the upgrade scam done to me like that.
I was very excited to stay at The Cosmopolitan for my "Dirty 30" celebration.  And I REALLY REALLY wanted to like it here, but the Cosmo left MUCH to be desired.  We booked the wrap around terrace suite with hopes of booking the attached room.  We did this several months ahead and a week before our trip got an email that we canceled the reservation (which we didn't).  Customer service was unapologetic and offered us no comps.  The bf checks in early into the suite and I am hurriedly trying to forget i have an 8-5 day and catch a later flight.  They wont check us into the attaching room without my credit card as the extra room is on my card.  (Yet they are so quick to cancel our reservations when it wasn't us who did it).  As I cab in, there are several people picketing in front of the hotel and I starting to understand why.  . . One gem (one star) is the the ONE guy that treated us like human beings Mr. Joe Castro.  He was amazing!  Made several recommendations and welcomed us warmly.. . The suite itself was beautiful.  Our room, though unattached, was across the hall.  The balcony alone gets (one star).. . My beautiful sister wanted to pamper me and called in to schedule me a pedicure at their spa and they were quite rude to her.  (the theme here is that the venue is beautiful but service sucks).  The pedicurist was nice but didn't bother telling me that my sister had already tipped her and gladly took a double tip from me.. . We tried to get bottle service at Marquee and thought they would accomodate us since we stayed there and didn't get a response till the day of and then told it would be $2500 for 3 people.  Of course we didn't do that but the club itself was fun.. . My people bought me a beautiful $80 cake which the concierge recommended.  We also got pizzas from the secret pizza place.  All which was thrown away, barely touched, but housekeeping the night we went to Marquee. The front desk was also unapologetic about this.. . All in all, Cosmo is like a pretty girl who promises she's going to give you the night of her life, but ends up just jerkin' you off, leaving you unsatisfied and wanting more.
This is my review of mine and my husband's experience for my birthday on May 1st, 2013. I am upset to give The Cosmo a two star review, but based on my experience with the check-in process and having a suite here I cannot give anymore. I have been a fan of Cosmo since it opened. I've spent a lot of money here. I'm a local and I sing its praises to out of towners all the time. But I will NOT be recommending for any of my friends (local or otherwise) to actually stay here.. . We arrived early (just about an hour) prior to check-in time and we were greeted by a very nice, chipper young lady who set about getting our information. First off, we had just made the reservation the day before, so we were absolutely sure it was there. The girl typed in our name repeatedly to no avail. My husband whipped out his phone and showed her our email confirmation so she could look it up by the confirmation number instead. TA-DA. There it was with our last name misspelled. Hurray. At least we were smart enough to bring our confirmation with us or else they probably never would have found our reservation to begin with. . . They have our reservation for the Terrace Suite for one night. She asks us if we're there for business or pleasure and I say it's my birthday and we're locals and we just wanted to get a room for the night and play by the pool. She seems okay with that and continues tapping away, then she excuses herself and brings forth some other guy in a suit. O HAI guy in a suit, what do you want? He introduces himself and shakes mine and my husband's hand. He then proceeds to chastise us and shame-shame us for being locals and getting a hotel room for a night.. . "It's our policy to inform locals that our rooms are not meant for loud, raging parties. We expect you to be courteous to the other guests. After all, there are plenty of other places to have a good time here in the resort.". . OH. OKAY GUY IN SUIT. I'll try not to have a raging balls-to-the-wall party in my room since you've wagged your finger in my face before I even check in.. . What gets me is that he specifically said it's policy for them to inform LOCALS. Because, well, guess what locals? Cosmo doesn't want your business if you're just there for a night for your birthday with your husband trying to enjoy a suite and have dinner with your friends. Seriously. I was so incensed by this guy I didn't know what to do besides awkwardly laugh at his remarks.. . He then goes on to ask if we're "in the industry". . . No. I reply. I work for the federal government and my husband is Air Force. . . "OOOOH" says guy in suit, "Thank you for your service.". . YAH. Fuck you. You were just giving us a lesson in how we should conduct ourselves in our room that we're paying good money for, GUY IN SUIT. How about you fuck off with your "thank you for your service".. . I've never been treated that way when I've checked into any hotel before on the strip. I've never been shamed because I'm a local. I've never been given a talking to by some random guy just because I happen to be local and I happen to just be getting a suite for the night. I think it was ridiculous. I think it was rude. And I think The Cosmo does a whole lot of assuming about their guests.. . Well I guess my young appearance my tattoos must have just sent alarm bells ringing up the asses of these people.. . So our check-in process basically sucked and I am sad to report how far it dropped The Cosmo in my eyes.. . Our room - Terrace Suite, 28th floor, facing the Bellagio Fountains. Amazing room, full kitchen, living area, wrap around suite, plush bed, interesting artwork. Lighting that goes completely on and off when you leave the suite. A tub that could have been much bigger in my opinion and a decent enough bathroom. We didn't call for room service, so can't comment. . . We DID have my 4 friends come up to the suite AFTER we had dinner. We all fuckin jumped all over the beds and turned over tables and lit a fire in the trash can and brought in a fuckin tiger from Sig & Roy's Magical Garden and we fucked that place up. OH JUST KIDDING. We watched the fountain show, hung out, had champagne, talked, and had my birthday cake while I opened presents. Afterward my LOCAL CRAZY MUTHER EFFING FRIENDS left and my husband and I watched TV and went to bed. OH MAH GAWD.. . Anyway, that's my experience at The Cosmo. Not so good, eh? Dearest locals - go elsewhere, lest you be chastised before you even get a chance to enjoy.
They charge you a "corking fee if you bring your own booze."  $25 per case of beer and $50 per handle.  So if you plan on bringing booze hide it in your suit case so the people in the Lobby don't see it.  As if $600 a night isn't enough they need to charge you a stupid corking fee that they just make up.  It appeared not all of the people in the lobby were charged.  . . Other than that Hotel is the best in Vegas.  Oh and I will bring booze next and I will be hiding it.  Hope I save some folks some money!
Just got home from a crazy weekend in Vegas with 19 other gals from all over the country. We were celebrating a bachelorette party, and I was very excited to stay at the Cosmo! This was my 4th Vegas trip (stayed twice at the Luxor and once at MGM). . . I can't believe just how insanely expensive this place is. I know Vegas is expensive in general... but dang. No coffee pot in the room. Ok - understandable. But $20 for a pot of coffee - LARGE pot none the less - which filled exactly 4 coffee mugs. What a crock. This place needs a Starbucks. . . Staff was not helpful. Had some items stolen and was given the runaround. Sheets were ripped in the bed. My girlfriend got food poisoning and the security did not take us seriously. Took them over an hour to get a wheelchair and medical assistance to the room. Not acceptable. . . Yes - this is a beautiful, new hotel with a whole lotta swanky goin on. Great view from our room (45th floor) of the Bellagio Fountains. But the staff was awful. I stopped by my friends room to say goodbye before I was headed to the airport and ran into the maids. I said - oh, sorry just stopping in to say goodbye. Their response: "No one here but the big mess your friends made." SERIOUSLY? It's not like Axl Rose was staying in the room. . . They have the Marquee Dayclub/Nightclub (Which I loved) so for convenience, yes, that was great. I just don't see myself dishing out the extra bucks to stay at this place again.
We arrived on Friday 5/10 the room we were given was on the 68th floor and we were excited to check it out. Upon arrival we noticed that this room had very filthy and worn out carpets. stains and spots everywhere. Well we didn't complain much initially as that was the only thing seems saw out of ordinary. On our second day of stay we went to the desert and we left early in the morning . Once we came back at 3:30 pm the housekeeping was not done yet. We wanted to take bath and we had no clean towels. we called the front desk and complained they brought some towels and apologized. On the 3rd day I found a very dirty and soiled towel in the bathroom folded as a clean towel. It was really nasty and I have taken pictures of it. I called the front desk again and reported the issue. On my last day of stay which was Sunday I was told I could get into the Marquee pool for free since i was a hotel guest. At the door the bouncer wanted $20 to let me in. I went to the boulevard pool and my God was this pool not filthy! All type of objects were floating in the water and there was a way too much chlorine in the water that I could not even breath. Well this tells me that the water rarely gets replaced and in order to keep it from molding, they have to add a huge amount of chlorine to it. As a final surprise the housekeeper walked in on us as we were packing for our check out. While I had told the front desk exactly when I would check out, this is not communicated to the housekeepers.. It felt like we had a 2 star hotel room but paid a 5 star price for it. This  was my worst Vegas experience and will not be back to Cosmopolitan again.
Ugh. Found dirty used tissues and miscellaneous wrappers in the nightstand drawer. When I called the front desk to ask for someone to clean up the room: "we can send someone in two hours". I'm paying how much to stay here?
I booked TWO rooms for my and my friends to have a good time in Las Vegas! We love Vegas but will definitely stay at  a different hotel at our next visit.. . First, we checked into our first room at 1:30! Yay, one room was ready! and our 2nd room was suppose to be the connecting room next door, but.. that didn't end up happening. :( our 2nd room was not ready until 6:15pm and wasn't even the connecting room! . . And in our 2nd room we didn't have shampoo or conditioner!! So I had to call for them to bring it up but it took them 1 hour to do so because the runner was all backed up! Aye mi. That was just the beginning... Then we called to go to Marque and the concierge put us down, but later we found out from a promoter the club wasn't even open that night! (Thursday on 4th of July!) only one of the rooms (Boombox, which isn't the main one) was open! The concierge failed to tell us that! . . Anyways, I don't want to keep complaining BUT I will say for a luxury hotel, their staff from the receptionist desk to the concierge, to the security that didn't know where things was or how much the buffet cost all need some training. On the job training is NOT enough! I think for this price, the room and staff definitely could have been better. I would stay at an older but more experienced hotel.. . Hope this helps!
We were four night at The Cosmopolitan, Terrace Studio and maybe in our case its better to say "what happened in Vegas....". . The design of the hotel is overwhelming, the reception area is incredible!! Too bad that when i asked the concierge who designed the place i caused embarrassment and not more ;-). . Restaurants and food were great.. . B U T .... here it comes:. . Cleaning guys - wow!! The bedding had left overs from previous visitors makeup... i dont want to think of want else was there that wasn't cleaned... The nice beautiful sofa at the room looked like it was cleaned about a year ago - the area below the pillow was disgusting and sitting there was pretty much.... itchy. . . Swimming pool, the Bamboo, couldn't even once offer as many seats as visitors. Weird!! Standing in NV heat, searching, wondering and craving for a seat (not talking about two or four....) - wow! Or a piece of shade... sun shade... the tall yellow ones are broken - ?! No extra blue? Is the hotel that poor? At this time of the season??. . The concierge services was changed by the day; by the shift; by the people... Inconsistencies at the service. . . Overall  it was a d i s a p p o i n t i n g experience! Too bad, looked promising.
It was my first time ever coming to Las Vegas. I was hoping the experience would be just like everyone says it is. 'Vegas is... VEGAS! *wink wink.. hint hint*' I stayed here for 5 nights because my cousin was having her wedding in Vegas. The whole hotel experience was completely awful. The hotel receptionists were abruptly rude and incompetent. And you figure, you are paying a costly amount to stay at a place like this ($$$), you'd figure their customer service would be phenomenal.. . To sum it up, every time you asked a question.. the answer varied from receptionist to receptionist with no definite answer. Their idea of professionalism seemed to be described as: it's okay to have attitude with hotel guests, it's okay to look annoyed, it's okay to be snappy, forward, and catty. . . All this hotel room dilemma didn't get solved until we spoke directly to their hotel manager. But still, after all the commotion that happened in the lobby, it basically spoiled my perception of this grand hotel. . . One thing that I did love about the hotel was definitely the entire downstairs. No hotel can compare to how 'lovely' / 'girly' it looks. It's beyond beautiful. I would think every lady would appreciate their decor. Their chandelier stair case is absolutely stunning! If you're having a night out with the girls, stop by and take a picture here. . . Their rooms are not as great as you would hope. (Especially not for the price you are paying) It's a simple room. Decor is blah. The best thing in the room was the wall paper in the toilet room. The only thing I liked was their balcony scenery of the strip. I would definitely come back to visit their casino/dining/shopping areas but will not come back and stay.
This hotel is very overrated and overpriced.  I've stayed there two times now and both experiences had their issues. . . The first stay was a few months after it opened.  We stayed in a suite for 4 nights.  The suites are overall fairly nice with its technology and tons of amenities including two bathrooms, washer/dryer, fridge/freezer.  The one greatest thing about the hotel are the balconies.  Its great to sit out there in a robe after a long night out or after a shower.  Our hotel room was left fairly dirty with large visible crumbs all over the couch and the bathrooms didn't have any shampoo or conditioner.  I had several very bad interactions with the staff on this stay.  One particular interaction with the pool waitress stands out.  I was attempting to get service while sitting at the bamboo pool.  The waitress blew past me a total of 6 times before we gave up and retrieved our own drink.  Two of those times include waving our hands in the air and the final time I was waving a wallet in my hand.  We never even received a look from her.  When questioning the bartender on how to get service he commented on how rude we were waving cash.  The majority of the clientele fit a stereotype of your Jersey Douchebag.  . . Because I enjoyed the balcony so much and we went to a Weezer concert at the Boulevard Pool I booked a couple nights in a suite again.  DISGUSTING, is the key word to categorize the room.  There were signs all over the room of a previous cocaine binge in the room.  The books still had cocaine residue on them.  There were 3 locations in the room where we spotted blood.  One of them was right in the middle of the shower.  Two of the decorative pillows had visible semen stains.  We left the pillows at the door after the first night hoping they would take them away only to find them in the room again.  Interactions with the staff was better this time.  The clientele seemed to be evening out a bit more.  What unfortunately ruined the last night for us was an awful experience at the STK restaurant.  I'll save that for a separate review.  There are much better hotels on the strip for less money.
Something's missing here..... CUSTOMERS!. . What a lavishly built, extravagantly styled complex. Too bad it's theme is that of a ghost town. I know the recession is a bore, but that can't be the only culprit in this facility's plight. . . In short, this place is just too 'high-end', even the coffee shops are too much for me to take. Who in the world has money to churn out throughout this "mall" -- and that's what it is, a freaking glorified mall, let's face it. . . I would like to spend a little money here to buy a donut or something, but I'll need my life savings later on down the road. Not for locals unless you want to kill an hour walking around. Tourists may find it interesting, though I don't know why.. . Skip it. You're not missing anything. Stick to walking on the Strip. You want a souvenir? Buy a keychain in one of the Strip casino gift shops.
For the amount of money we spent on a Terrace Suite I was expecting exceptional service. We checked in on a Friday and called room service within 15 minutes of arriving to our room to request extra towels and hangers.  After about 45 mins of waiting around we had to put in a second call and was told this time "I'm not sure what happen" so we left, we didn't want to waste another hour sitting in our room.  Upon returning to our room later that afternoon we called again to have someone come fix our air that wasn't working properly and yet again no one showed up. It was so hot in our room we had to sleep with the door open to the 103-degree heat. Upon check out when we were asked how our stay was we again complained about the air and bad response time and was told "Sorry to hear that" I was completely disappointed with the response of such a lavish hotel. At the least they could have offered a small discount. I even called back the day I returned and ask for a discount and was told I needed to request one at checkout and I explained we did voice our frustration when we checked out and reminded her that we were told "Sorry to hear that".  All in all other than the terrible service and horrendous sewage smell on the first floor near the Bellagio entrance visually the hotel is amazing.
Very disappointed.... . For as much as my group was paying for staying in multiple rooms, we expected a lot better. I have never stayed in a room that required so much maintenance and additional service because a lot of stuff was missing.  There were so many problems ranging from clogged sinks to broken refrigerator handles to no kitchen utensils to missing seat cushions.  Even when the hotel solved all these problems, they would half ass certain aspects of the service (not cleaning up the sinks, replacing only one of two the seat cushions, etc).  The service was disorganized and there seamed to be a disconnect with the hotel staff.  For a hotel as new as Cosmo, there should not have been as many problems as we encountered.. . At the very least, we had a great view from the balcony, the room decor was nice, and the casino/bars were nice.  Marquee is also very enjoyable.  If it was not for everything outside of the room, this review would be worse.. . Cosmo is nice to go through or party at, but definitely do not stay there.
This hotel is in a relatively good location (in the middle if the strip), and has quite the swanky design.  However, the check-in process is totally unorganized, they're constantly running out of bottled water (which everyone is supposed to get upon arrival), the pools are small and often crowded, and the fitness centers aren't very impressive.  ALSO, the rooms only have showers, no tubs.  Only certain, higher-end (read: way more expensive) rooms have tubs.  Stratification based on tubs!?!  That is utterly ridiculous.  I've stayed at both the Monte Carlo and Mandalay Bay, and they were certainly better.  The Cosmopolitan management needs to regroup, reevaluate, and redo.
The only reason I am giving this 2 stars instead of 1 is because the hotel room was nice. . . Other than that this place is a joke. The staff treated my wife and I like crap the whole time we were there. I am assuming because we are heavily tattooed they assumed we don't have money and there for aren't worth the courtesy of even small talk. Tried to ask some dealers questions about poker the first night we stayed and got the cold shoulder at first then a very nasty "We dont even have a poker room". . . I will not be staying here again.
4 stars: The room and pool were very nice. .              Design was very hip and trendy.                         Nice jetted tub and beautiful shower. Bathroom counter small.  . . 2 stars: cleanliness. Urine marks that never got wiped mopped around the toilet. I didn't go barefoot.. . 1 stars for customer service:  I paid for 2 rooms for 5 night. I got the crappier of the 2 rooms. So bad part on the girl. In addition, she screws up in emailing my receipt. I never receive it. I have to call back to get it. Lady on the phone who I call back gets the job done but is very rude about it. Acts as if it's my fault. They spell my name wrong on the reservation but is able to spell my name right on the credit card billing. . . Customer service 101: get the clients name right. . . Customer service 102:  be nice to client especially if you screw up. . . I'm going back to Mandarin Oriental. Service is muchhhh better!
When we arrived, the bellhop a and valets very extremely friendly and helpful, but at the check in desk we found out that our booked room was taken, the receptionist seemed very stingey on making up for our reservation too. The hotel is very beautiful, with a very elegant young feel to it. . . In the room was when we realized they seemed to be nickel and diming. The refrigerator was full of all kinds of drinks but with very manipulative sensors installed that automatically charge once moved. We asked the bellhop to remove them entirely so we may use the refrigerator, he assured housekeeping will come in about 10 minutes to do just that but eventually never came at all. (Later in the trip we called to get more towels in our bathroom as 4 people use the amount house-keeping leaves in one day. They never came. ). . When I tried accessing the wifi hotspot either my iphone or the redirection link to allow access did not work at all. I found out you need to open Safari to initiate any response, and even then there was some problem with billing issue which made us call the helpline. For the price of the room, I was surprised to discover that not only is wifi not free, but it is limited to only two devices regardless of if we had a double queen bed room. . . Inside the room we had noticed numerous switches broken, a wall plug that didn't work,  and a pole to the balcony banister broken off. Not a dealbreaker, but c'mon..   . . Overall it isn't the worst experience to be imagined but there was a lot of potential for having a great consistent customer experience, in which I did not receive.. . -------. Over the trip I decided that this hotel is good for meeting up at to find some pretty cool bars, but as far as customer service and staying at the hotel, it's irritated our friends multiple times this weekend.
Not worth the money.  Very rude staff who act like you are imposing on them.  Extremely noisy hotel, especially at night.  They have a band playing at the hotel pool until 5:00 AM.  I called and asked if they can turn it down and they offered me "ear plugs."  Food is meh! Hotel stinks of stale cigarettes. Rooms were clean and we only had to stay two nights, thus, two stars.
I don't get the love for this place... unless you want to be in "IT" meaning trendy.. . I look for quality and service for the price I pay. . . Room was a disaster with wet carpet all the way through. We called it in and they said they were SOLD OUT... really? BS!. . AND why was the carpet wet????? . . They will send housekeeping to take a look and will give us a room later.... WTF! I thought you said you were sold out. Oh, we will put in dryers to dry it up. UH, I didn't spend 250 a night for dryers in the room for a wet carpet. In the end, they did give us a new room but it was tough to get it. . . Oh, no spa day pass on Saturdays...  and No, free entrance to Marquee on Sat.. . Upon checkout, there was a mini bar charge and we called and they took it off. There sensors are really sensitive. We didn't eat anything there.
This place is waaaaaaay overrated!  I agree with the person who was talking about the wet carpets!  We got off our elevator and saw disgusting brown wet spots on the carpet WTF?  And it smelled funny!  . . We got to our room, the woman at the desk really hyped up the room saying oh you're getting one of our most requested rooms that have a beautiful view of the bellagio fountains and the strip.  We open the door to our room and my friend instantly said it smells like a skunk in here!  And I agree it had this faint smell of a skunk or musty smell in the room.  Excited to see the view of the fountains we open the curtains to find a window so dirty on the outside you couldn't see any fountains!  I've NEVER been to a hotel with windows so dirty you cannot even see out of them!. . Overall the room wasn't that clean for what we were paying.  The lighting sucked.  the bathroom light didn't work, the ceiling light bulbs were going in and out in the main area of the room.  It's kind of a more girly hotel, so to have such poor lighting in the room is very disappointing!. . Also, when they cleaned our room, they actually took soap and 2 other items they provided the first day off the shelf which I definitely thought was strange, usually they give you more the next day.. . I'm only giving this place 2 starts because at least the sheets were clean and the casino itself was beautifulwith all the chandeliers.  But honestly it only deserves 1.5 stars, you should never have dirty windows or a smelly room.  Won't be staying here again!
I stayed here instead of the Four Seasons because a friend insisted this was a new Ritz-Carlton property. He was indeed correct, but this hotel should probably just be a J.W. Marriott. Blame it on Vegas (what isn't gross in Vegas?) or blame it on the Ritz for merging with a lame hotel chain like Marriott (who probably determines these things), but the Cosmopolitan is a mediocre, trendy hotel combined a trashy Vegas clientele. The room was dirty (the trash cans contained used q-tips), and the only good thing about the hotel room was the balcony and respective view of the Bellagio fountains. If you want Vegas luxury (an oxymoron I know), you can find a much better place.
We actually got a call from the resort manager Bryan Askins who was very disappointed with what we had experienced . He promised to wow us next time we visit. We'll see what happens. . Lady's and Gentlemen stay toon. I will update.   . .  This is the first time we are staying at Cosmo, reason one of our friends recommended. Now we booked it through Southwest Airlines and the minute we arrived thewhole thing turned completely around. Cosmo rep is saying we have to take a room that has 2 beds but hey we are here with our spouses so I don't think that kind of makes since. I called the manager Gavin the ignorant person he was ( I don't know who appointed this guy a manager ) he could not do anything for us. Anyway people be careful when you book a room make sure you get them to send you your confirmation of what you have reserved actually. I always stayed at Wynn and never ever had an issue. I guess the class of the Casino says a lot. Shame on the management shame.
Stayed last weekend and did not enjoy. I am a Marriott Rewards member and have to say that I got better service staying at a Fairfield.  Room was not cleaned despite calling room service twice. Light switches in room did not work. Either all lights on or off. Elevator access with room key was a joke because it often did not work right. Never received bill portfolio thru email despite multiple calls. System not working and transferred to another number to leave a message. Would recommend not staying here.
A disappointing stay at the Cosmo!  We booked a two bedroom city view suite for our trip to Vegas, and were sorely disappointed by the service and cleanliness of the hotel.. . We arrived at 1:30pm, hoping to check-in early (check-in is at 3pm) but our room wasn't ready which wasn't a big deal, as we expected as much.  They gave us our keycards and told us that we will receive a text message when the room becomes available and that it should be ready by 3pm.  We dropped off our bags at the bell desk and walked around... 3pm passes and no text, so we stop by the front desk to check up on it and they tell us that the room hasn't been cleaned yet, and that it takes about an hour to clean.  So we wait... 4pm passes and still no text.  By 4:45pm we head over to the front desk again to check up on our room, which still wasn't ready and they couldn't get an ETA on when the room would be clean.  The front desk personnel that we spoke with, Carl, was nice enough to offer us a $100 food & beverage credit as well as a line pass for our party to the Wicked Spoon buffet.  Finally, at 5pm, we receive a text and head up to the room.. . We get up to this gorgeous room to find that it had only been partially cleaned!  It appeared that the towels and bed linens had been changed, but we found gum on the wall right next to the bed!!  In addition, there was garbage laying all around the room, e.g., a half empty water bottle, a cigarettebutt, a burger wrapper, a half empty toothpaste tube, and other areas that were dirty.  We called down to housekeeping and they sent someone up within the hour to take care of the garbage.. . I know the holidays are a very busy time in Vegas, but they should be able to anticipate the rush!  I wouldn't stay at the Cosmo again - although the hotel was beautiful, the experience didn't live up to the hype.  The dirty room was a huge disappointment and inexcusable.
I am at the Cosmo right now. 12/29/2013. . I've stayed here several times before and although this hotel is stylish and cool as can be, the service is GOD Awful! . I'm sitting at my desk in my 2 bedroom suite that cost me $1000 per night and I've been on hold for 15+ minutes to talk to the concierge. Today after house keeping cleaned my room they left a note on my desk to call if I wanted hand towels. . I called for a crib and they told me they only had a "play pen". I asked if there was anything they can do and the person on the phone said "we only have the playpen, do you want it or not?". I love staying here, but the service makes me want to stay somewhere else. . Identity club member: 1176573
