no, no, no!!! (sigh). . i love tapas.  so i was super stoked to be coming here for dinner.  the space is sort of odd because it's opened into the lobby so everyone can see you eat.  some people may dig that but i don't.. . we let the waiter help us choose a few dishes, some were pretty interesting.  i don't remember what any of them were called, but i do remember how we left hungry.  the service was alright.  our server did drop a few utensils or forgot to refill the water, but whatever.  no one's perfect.. . look, for the price, i expect to be semi-satisfied when i leave and i defintely don't think the price is worth eating in a setting where i felt like i was eating at some food court in a mall.
This place is overrated.  It was fine but not at all special, not a single one of the dishes we ordered stuck out to me as being especially good.  Sorry.. . Considering how many great restaurants there are in Vegas, there is no reason to come here.
***Aria's Julian Serrano is a nice looking tapas spot with a menu that sounds good; unfortunately, the food was surprisingly mediocre***. . Julian Serrano is a tapas spot that is near the front lobby of the Aria Hotel.  The decor reminds me a little bit of the Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill in MGM Grand in how the restaurant is very much open to the casino and the hotel.  There are no big and thick walls separating the dining area from the nearby bustling activity of the casino.. . The decor is very upscale cafe-like and hotel restaurant-like.  Nice and contemporary but pretty standard stuff (not unique or memorable).. . We had a few things here and I felt the food looked better than it tasted.  Several of the dishes were average.  I was not a big fan of Fleur by Hubert Keller (a tapas spot in Mandalay Bay), but I felt Fleur was noticeably better than Julian Serrano.. . Here is a rundown on what we had.. . (Ahi Tuna Tempura) This was ahi tuna two ways.  There was a standard ahi tuna tower on the plate that had an avocado base (fresh and a good flavor but something you will find at a lot of other restaurants).. . There was also ahi tuna that was flash fried in a light tempura batter (crispy on the outside but still rare on the inside).  This was okay and I liked the contrast of the cool center with the crisp outside.  Still, I've had a much better version of that dish at Ocean Avenue Seafood in Santa Monica.. . (Mediterranean Bass)  This was a bass with the skin-on that was served over some veggies with a light sauce.  It was a light dish and had a mild flavor.  The fish was pretty moist (the skin could have been crisper).. . (Cheese Platter) The cheese selection at Fleur was much better.  The cheese here was a little dry (not great flavors either).  The garnishes were also disappointing.  The fruit paste was too thick and lacked sweetness.. . (Chicken Skewers) The chicken skewers here were juicy enough, but they lacked flavor.. . (Prime Tenderloin Topped With Cheese, Honey And Pecans) The quality of beef was really poor (at least when compared to the other dishes we had here). The beef was a thin piece.  They overcooked it  (it came out well) and it was dry and chewy.  The cheese, honey and pecans were all fine, but the centerpiece of the dish (beef) was a real disappointment.. . (Stuffed Dates) The dates here were wrapped in bacon and then deep-fried.  This is a pretty popular combination and their version of it was pretty tasty (though kind of a given with this flavor combination).. . Service was okay.  Food came out at a good pace and the staff was attentive enough, but I felt the wait staff was not as strong as what I experienced at other Vegas spots recently (including Fleur, Mesa Grill, Comme Ca, Bouchon, and Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill).. . I've been fortunate enough to have a lot of service where it felt the wait staff was really putting in the extra effort to make every aspect of the dining experience enjoyable and memorable.  While the wait staff was pleasant enough, I did not get that same feeling here.. . Julian Serrano sounds like it would be a nice place.  The menu reads nice as well.  There were mostly misses here though and the food was just not as good as other Vegas spots I've tried in the same price range.  I will give a lot of places a second try, but since we had so many dishes and so many were average, I doubt I would return here.. . Aria features complimentary valet parking.  I am not sure if they feature complimentary self-parking as well.
Not impressed. We had stuffed dates (almond was a nice addition to the traditional, however fried preparation was not so much) and raspberry and raw tuna tapa, which was unique and tasty, but not amazing. Ambience was more fit for a big group, but portion sizes were not. I feel it was pretty pricey for quality and size of portions. Service was terrible. We had to ask or flag down our waiter multiple times and the place was less than half full. Best part was the red sangria.
This place could have been great rather than just ok. The idea of a Spanish tapas bar in Vegas sounds like a perfect match when thinking of the energy, flavors and style of tapas dining. However, considering all the great fancy fused dining options in Vegas that already look like this place, they should have spent more time on making the food tasty and giving diners an authentic taste/experience in a cool modern Spanish setting than just making the plating look pretty in a non descript space.
I can almost blame my gf for going here. ;)  When I said "I think I'm going back to Todd English's place" she said "um, again!?". . Whilst walking toward it I saw this gleaming beautiful restaurant at Aria, looked at the menu and decided to try it.  I should have checked yelp first, though.. . The waitstaff was very nice and the service was prompt.  So I guess the design, decor and waitstaff are about the best things about this place.  I mean ... I know Serrano's reputation ... so ... what the hell.. . The "marinated" olives were ... what ... marinated in friggin' olive oil?  I think anyone could do that.  They were bland.  The chicken croquetas were ... equally bland.  I started to wonder if the chefs were opposed to using any seasoning.  Then the albondigas came out and ... well ... equally as bland.. . About three quarters of the way through one of the waitstaff asked if everything was good and I asked if the chef had salt or pepper in the pantry.  With one bite left -- yes, I ate everything as it was my first meal of the day -- they begrudgingly brought salt and pepper to my table.. . The server told the manager what I'd said and he came over and in essence said "Everyone loves this place; there's no way it could be bland."  Since I had my macbook pro open -- as I was editing photos from an assignment -- I showed him his yelp rating and the fact at least half of the people felt the same way I did.  He still stuck to his guns.. . I was like, "Cool, bro, I'm not the only one who feels this way.". . Unless this chef gets chewed out by Serrano and is told/taught how to season food I wouldn't be charmed into this place by decor alone.. . Not only ... I'm totally checking yelp next time before venturing in somewhere shiny and pretty.. . This place is a total pass for me.. . Perhaps they should put salt and pepper on the tables?
i was staying at aria and got a $50 dining credit through the promo i booked.. when deciding where to use the credit on i narrowed the choices to jean georges, sage, and julian serrano..my friend and i agreed to go to this place bc it's spanish and we could get american food any other time.. plus js had at least 3 desserts i wanted to try whereas the other choices had 1 dessert i wanted.. i have a huge sweet tooth so when it's up to me to pick a place desserts are the first thing i look at then entrees... . julian serrano is located near the lobby and the decor is nice... . after day drinking all day with not even a bite of food in my system, i had a headache from dehydration when dinner time rolled around so i was hungry but at the same time didn't feel like eating... . we were seated right away and ordered... -lobster gazpacho: small but refreshing, wish there were more than 2 tiny lobster pcs that equaled the size of half my pinky. -avocado cannelloni: no salmon.. didn't the description say salmon? just a really salty seaweed salad stuffed inside avocado slices. -charcuterie: too much olive oil on top to make it super greasy and wasn't too tasty either. -albondigas: best dish out of everything.. there were about 5-6 small meatballs. -mixed paella: undercooked and wasn't that good.. my friend said nothing compares the paella in barcelona... -santiago cake:almond cake with ice cream.. cake was dense but with a scoop a bit of ice cream with each bite and it was ok... . i originally wanted to order just the gazpacho, albondigas, 3 desserts but my friend was still drunk and wanted to order more.. i was fine with the paella pick and knew that'd be enough for the two of us but my friend kept wanting to listen to the waiter and order more tapas.. and what did we end up with? cannelloni and charcuterie we weren't going to order and didn't like at all.. . . i'd only come back to js to order the other two desserts i didnt get to try which were the churros and rice pudding..
If the meal wasn't twice the price of Firefly's, I would have rated JS better.  The ambiance was pretty damn awesome.  The food was good.  Unfortunately, after blowing a hundred of my stripper $1's, my girl and I were still hungry.  That's a little sad.  I'm not a fatty-fat-fat.  She isn't a huge eater.  I don't know where the hell our money went, really.  If you're down at City Center, check this place out, but beware that the palella takes approximately 30 minutes (well, what the waiter told us) and that you'll probably need a snack later.
My wife loves this type of food so she wanted to take me out to try it.  It did not meet our expectations.  We left still wanting more food and thought it was over priced for what it was.  Most of the food is pre-made.  We ordered 3 items and they all came out in around 5 minutes.  I asked how they got all of it done so quickly and they said they had the food pre-made for what we got.  Nice decor and great service.  We were in and out in about 30 minutes so it was quicker than we were wanting.  I will probably not come back.
The paella was way too salty- I couldn't even finish it!  The rest of the food was good, but way overpriced.  There are plenty of other restaurants in Vegas where I would rather spend my money and get better portions of food.  I don't believe in paying top dollar for bird sized portions or salty paella that tastes like it was made from a box.  Disappointed.
Modern,chic decor and friendly wait staff. Completely tapas style menu and extensive cocktail ,wine & apertif selection. Black pork pintxo is a Iberian pork shoulder with carmelized onion on toast, bruschetta style but was rare, with bright pink through middle. Gamey to the taste buds. Then the mixed paella consisted of lobster,mussels,a very tasty Smokey chorizo, chicken & saffron rice....arborio rice wasnt cooked throughly & light salt gave understated flavor. Black rice with squid ink was surprisingly delicious & squid was tender & flavored to perfection. Gambas a la plancha was impressive whole prawns with garlic & lemon, essence of shrimp all the way through. Octopus served atop thick sliced blanched potatoes with paprika was disappointing at best. Flan for dessert n fried donut balls were mediocre. Overall didn't live up to the hype of chef Serrano.
Overpriced tapas.  "meh, tasted better" food.. I have been to Spain, and you Sir are no Tapas cook. . . Took two seats at the bar thinking...busy night, should be good and quick...bzzzz..wrong!  Took forever to get the waiter/bartender's attention...and that was the best of the evening's service.  Food finally got rolling and it was quite forgettable, in fact I have already forgotten what I ordered.. Hotel restaurants have high overhead, but paying full entree prices for small plates is wrong...lesson is don't put a restaurant like this in a high overhead location.  You are setting your customers up for disappointment when they see the prices.. . Overall Suggestion : Avoid!. .
Was really unimpressed by the food here. We had a group of about 10, so the waiter suggested that we allow the chef to make a menu for us. We agreed.. . First dish was a spanish tortilla - basically an omelette with potatoes and onions. Tasty start.. . 2nd - calamari. Nice big pieces, served with a tasty aioli.. . 3rd - fried potatos in a spicy tomato sauce, with the same aioli as above. Pretty good.. . 4th - ahi tuna with a thin tempura coating, deep fried. I thought this was okay, a little bland.. . 5th - chicken croquettes with a bechamel sauce on the inside. There was nothing really wrong with this dish, except it was pretty unimpressive flavor wise. Basically a chicken nugget with the sauce on the inside.. . 6th -Meatballs. Really? These tasted like frozen meatballs you'd get at a grocery store, and served in a tomato sauce with potatoes...the exact same tomato sauce and potatoes as in #3.. . 7th - prawns in olive oil. Really disappointing. When I think Spanish gambas, I think nice big head on shrimp. These were peeled, boiled, shrimp cocktail style in some unmemorable olive oil. Pass.. . 8th - chorizo with mashed potatos - looked like lil' smokies in a pile of unmemorable mashed potatos. The sausage had this weird sour taste to it. eww.. . 9th - deep fried figs wrapped in ham. Served with the same tomato sauce as in #3 and #6. It tasted like a fried fig. Nothing special here.. . 10th - grilled steak slices with japanese eggplant. this was actually an alright dish, but not spectacular by any means.. . This restaurant seems like tapas that are dumbed down to be more accessible to the general public. Which I guess is what you want for a place like Vegas. If you're a real foodie though, avoid. I also didn't like how the reused so many ingredients in several dishes. Also service was not the best.
My friends and I came to Vegas for fun and great food; we were staying at the Aria hotel and decided to take a chance on this place.   The menu choices sounded interesting and I have never been to a Tapas Bar before.. . My friend had the huevos dish with "fried potatoes" and chorizo and was a little surprised that she got a plate of eggs, mini sausages over french fries.   She was definitely not that happy with the dish.. . I was starving and ordered a little bit too much food for myself.   I had the Bravo potatoes with spicy ketchup which were decent, almost tasted like home fries with tabasco infused ketchup.   I also had the chicken croquettes; I would NOT recommend those to anyone, it honestly tasted like a creamy chicken nugget...  Gross.... . For dessert, we had spicy Mexican hot chocolate  with churros.  It had a spicy aftertaste; churros were good, but the hot chocolate was not sweet, just tasted like spice.  . . I would have given this place a 1/5 except our waitress was excellent, the managers came to check on us often to make sure we were taken care of, and we were seated quite quickly for a busy Saturday night.   GREAT, no, FANTASTIC service, not very appetizing food...   Come in for some tapas if you've thrown back a few and need something quick to eat.
Went at 5:30pm on a Wednesday so crowd was light, service was pleasant and responsive, and food came out fast (majority in ~5-10 min).. . Atmosphere was like eating in a hotel lobby/lounge (which you are).. . Food was so so.  In order of preference:. . Stuffed piquillo peppers - bright acidity of tomato sauce well grounded by goat cheese. White ceviche - tons of lime (almost soupy) but with great texture and flavor (suprising amount of spice). Albondigas - light fine crumbly texture but short on flavor. Brava potatoes - soft on inside and light crisp on outside; go well with garlic aoili and creamy tomato sauce. Grilled calamari - meh...  it's just a miniature grilled (not even sliced) squid wih some lime and garlic and garnishing. Pintxo de chorizos - little smokies on a bed of mashed potatoes. Ahi tuna tempura - too much going on in this dish.. it was just weird..  go to a sushi place instead
This place gets a C+ (good thing I gave extra credit points earned with the bathroom presentation).. . Pros:. 1) Aesthetics - the restaurant looks great, the plate presentation looks great, even the bathrooms look great. Love the mosaic tile-job in the bathrooms.  Great color scheme overall.. 2) Location - it's in the Aria...can't get any closer...and if you are staying in the Cosmo/Aria/Monte - no cab fare!. 3) Learn spanish while visiting the bathroom.  Seriously...spanish 101 cd is going on while you sit/stand/wait in the bathrooms.....think....loungy music when you get up from the table...stroll 100 paces...enter bathroom...and you hear "Autumn...Autumn........Beer...Cerveza..........Money...Deniro...".  You get the point.  . 4) Service - Our waitress was on top-of-it.  She got our refills, bill, etc. at just the right time.. . Cons:. 1) Bartender needs to go.......and here's why:. . I tended bar p/t for nearly 8 yrs.  I give a little credit to bartenders when they are a) "in the weeds", b) making 5 different kinds of blended/fu-fu drinks c) dinner rush. I expect a Vegas bartender in an upscale hotel restaurant to be able to take a drink order and deliver it to the party within a reasonable amount of time.. . The main bartender looked as though he was so buried you'd think he was working a night club during the main 1030-11p rush.  I looked around and saw every spot at the bar was taken (it only sat ~18peeps) but we were the only peeps standing around asking for a drink.  The tables were full but not packed so he wasn't busy with the server's request.  There were 2 other bartenders working as well.   Then the servers were bringing out dishes for the patrons that were seated at the bar so he wasn't busy with that.  The bartender kept going back and forth between us, the patrons at the bar, the servers running around...you get the point.. . We all ordered our 3 drinks total at the same time.  After 15 minutes...he had provided 1...a glass of wine.  We didn't order anything complicated...let's see...glass of red wine, Jeiger-RedBull (as a drink), and a Capn-Coke....nothing too crazy.  No chicky Cosmo, no fu-fu frozen pina-what-cha-ma-call-it.  3 easy drinks.  I looked at the bartender...and he was sweating it...again...not sure why.  . . Then my buddy says...hey buddy....can we get the Jeiger-RedBull and Capn-coke.  He is like...oh...oh yea.... no apology, no offer of a freebie or a discount.  another 10 minutes he came with our drinks.  We paid...and about 1 min later we were seated.  . . 2) Prices.... I know to expect to pay more in a hotel, I know to expect to pay more in a Vegas hotel....and yet I know to expect to pay more in the "latest and greatest hotel in Vegas".....but come on.  Seriously.  $17 for 1 single lamb chop?  $16 for 2 mini cheeseburgers?. . 3) Portions are small...even for a Tapas-style restaurant.  Each person will need to order minimum of 3 dishes each.
This was a disappointment. I've been to Picasso at the Bellagio and I know what Julian Serrano can do. This meal wasn't a disaster by any means but when you pay these kind of prices, you expect a four or five star experience.. . We arrived early for a 5:15pm reservation and were seated prompty. The look of the place (inside the Aria Resort which is part of the City Center complex) is fantastic with some of the best restaurant chairs I've sat in. If you have back problems and are large, you know what I'm talking about. These chairs were generously padded with upper back support.. . My partner and I ordered the four-course Signature Tasting menu. I got the wine pairing. The first course was a delightful mixed baby Romaine salad with walnuts, roasted peppers, and Cabrales cheese.  In a sign of things to come, my first wine pairing came while I was in the restroom. It was a full glass of champagne - way too much. I was gulping it but was only a third of the way when the next course came. Also, the pairing was weak - matching champage with a lively, flavorful salad seems lazy.  It simply did not match the inspiration of the salad.. . The second course was the standout course - a creamy, wild mushroom risotto. The flavor was intense and earthy. I'd go back just for this course. However, my wine pairing showed up when I was midway through the risotto.  Once again the wine selection was mediocre.  A great wine pairing will play off the flavors of the food. This wine did nothing. Maybe the emphasis on all things Spanish didn't give the somolier enough room to operate.. . The third course was where it all crashed. First, my partner received his course first (chicken wrapped around sausage) and was a third of the way through it before I received mine. My first bites of the pork chop were delicious but by the third bite I knew they had seriously overcooked it.  It got drier and drier as I got into it. To get a sense of how dry it was, I had to use a fair amount of force to get my fork into it! At this point, I brought my waiter over to tell her. I continued eating, she brought of the manager over who offered to cook another pork chop or substitute another course. This might make sense if I was eating alone but not with a show to catch or a partner sitting by while I wait for a new entree. This wine pairing was better but I was using anything available (including the leftover champage from the first course) to wash down the pork chop.. . The manager came back to ask if there was anything else he could do.  I said no. The manager deducted half the cost of my tasting menu for our tab.  I might go back and try an ala carte/tapas approach. The reason we select the tasting menus is to allow the chef to showcase the best of what he has to offer. For the prices this restaurant charges, you expect fabulous. What we got instead was decidedly not.
Way too expensive. . . The food was great but wow was it overpriced. $44 for a pitcher of sangria! There's just way too much good food in Vegas to spend lots of money and leave hungry. Won't be coming back.
The best thing about this restaurant is the service. However, the food was nothing special.  For the prices, the food should definitely be special.  If you are looking for unique food, you might be impressed.  The menu encourages a sort of dim sum style dining.  If you pick a few different things from the menu, your group can try a few different menu items.  The food was just okay.  I do  not believe it was good enough to charge the prices they charge.  I don't think I will dine there again.  No one in our group was impressed.
Went there last Sunday night while in Vegas... Food was ok, server was very nice.  . . White Sangria - Ok. . Fried Calamari - good. . Octopus - did not like the potato cake underneath, but the octopus was good.. . Mixed Paella - ok but extremely greasy.. . Food was just OK, service was OK...  For the money we spent, we could have found better.   . . ** Note - I may have been bias since we went to Le Cirque the night before... there is a huge difference between food/service when dinner is $500.00 v $125.00.  BUT I have had better tapas and paella at Tapas Papas Fritas in Scottsdale.
i totally agree with anthony n. . the menu sounds promising but the food is definitely not good.. . huevos estrellados* | fried potatoes | eggs | imported spanish pork chorizo 10. salty. everything with chorizo was super salty.. . mixed seafood ceviche* | shrimp | white fish | octopus | cilantro | lime juice 14 . one of the better dishes. i liked it because it was very tangy.. . tuna cones* | ahi tartare | cucumber | crispy won ton | avocado | ponzu 14. too much mayo. others seemed to have liked it though.. . seared scallop* | romesco sauce 12. wasn't salty surprisingly.  it wasn't over cooked either.  it was slightly raw in the center, just how i like it.. . black rice | fresh calamari | lobster meat | sofrito | squid ink 12. salty...... lobster saffron | half lobster tail | saffron oil | iberian pork | creamy potatoes | asparagus 14. unmemorable.  . . roasted red peppers | fresh garlic | sherry vinaigrette | e.v.o.o. 10. didn't try. but some people seemed to have enjoyed it.. . traditional spanish chicken croquetas | chicken | bechamel 12. flavorless.. . stuffed dates | medjol dates | goat cheese | crispy pancetta | tomato marmalade 12. too mushy.  all the flavors seemed mushed together. . . creamy risotto | wild mushroom | aged manchego cheese 10. salty. do you see a pattern? . . mixed paella | lobster | mussels | chicken | spanish pork chorizo | vegetables | saffron rice 50. wayyyy tooo salty.. . black pig pintxo* | iberian pork shoulder meat | caramelized onion 18. tough meat. everything else was unmemorable.. . churros. fried spanish pastries | spicy hot chocolate $8. super greasy and tasteless.. . pistachio tart . almost like a pizookie.  it was ok.. . surprisingly, it gets packed and people were waiting out the door. if i had to wait, i would've been super angry that i had to wait for mediocre food.  luckily, our reservation was at 6:30 and it was empty.
Pros: The food was delicious, the drinks were well made. The potatoes and "pizza" were really good.. Cons: it was freezing the entire time. We told our waiter who really didn't care. It was 55 degrees outside and since the restaurant is near the door leading outside, a ton of cold air gets to the restaurant with really very little heating. This ruined the overall experience. I also wish the customer service was better. For being a relatively expensive restaurant, I expected better service.. . Overall: the food is great but our overall experience wasn't as  great given poor service and cold temperature.. . Recommendation: avoid this restaurant as there are a ton of better places in the area.
The food was excellent but it was very expensive for the portion sizes. For three of us at lunch, the bill before tip was $105 & we didn't even have drinks. Service was good too but again I can't justify the price.
Mid range restaurant in Aria Resort that is kid friendly.  (Not screaming loud kids, but well behaved children were tolerated). . I expect Vegas to be pricey so I wasn't too suprised to find the bill coming up to $350 for 6 people.  What am I surprised with was the level of service.  Our waiter seemed to be having a bad night the whole time he was serving us.  No 'thank-you's', no smile and anytime we asked for anything, it seemed as if we were cutting into his standing around time.. . Most of the items on the menu ranged from bland to good, but the stand outs were:. . Atlantic Cod - served with a salsa verde sauce, clams, asparagus, green peas and hardboiled egg.  Even the picture looks great.. . Steamed Mussels - served with shallots and garlic.  The mussels were a bit on the small side, but still flavorful.
I think I just expected more. The food was good but not enough for me to go back again. Portion sizes on Tapas are always small but some of the items we order were barely two bites.
Food is adequate. Service is good. But everything is way over priced. Go to a Firefly instead. Half the price; better menu and the tapas is exquisite.
Went to see Zarkana afterwards we were hungry and tried this place. The food was pretty good but portions are tiny. Ordered the garlic chicken which had a lot of fat on it also got the lamb chop which was ok and again had a lot of fat. Black rice was pretty good, salad was good, steak tartar which was good. Also had some other dishes as well.. . I would not go there again not worth the money.
Not worth the money.. . We had the mushroom risotto and the mixed ceviche, and I also sampled the salmon with truffle and the sea bass. Both fish were cooked perfectly and the sea bass was the better of the two. The risotto was cooked nicely. I thought the seafood in the ceviche could have been cut into smaller bite-size pieces, and the fish could have been firmer. It had a soggy texture that didn't fare well. For the price, the portion in all dishes was pretty small. I also had a peach cocktail that was average. . . Service was shaky, which was more significant since we were a large party and paid 18% gratuity. It was not only that they were slow but also that they were absent. Even though it was a busy Saturday night, I expected better food and service from a fine-dining establishment of (supposed) high caliber.
The service was good and the atmosphere is nice...but the food...a joke. We ordered the rib eye, the chorizo, the sauteed shrimp and the steak tar tar to start....and to end. We took a few bites and realized we had to go somewhere else and eat pronto. The rib eye was 2 slices of a decent steake but verrrry fatty...and that was the best part of the meal. The chorizo was less stellar than Jimmy Dean and i dont even eat that garbage. The shrimp tasted like it went from the freezer to the microwave in bacon fat. And the tar tar... which my friend ordered and he has worked in some of the finer NY restaurants including Ciprianis.. was laughable. When the waiter came to ask if we needed anything more we said the check and the nearest decent restaurant. I said the "chef should be demoted to bus boy". He summoned his manager who was nice enough but insisted that his chef was "one of the best in spain". Insert laughter here. Ok well congratulations to him but this food was nothing but overpriced. He comped the two dishes we left on the plate (which was not our intention) and apologized but we left hungry and very disappointed. And btw i have been to Spain and the food there is not spectacular as rule but the great Tapas places are all about quality which this place lacks.
Hmmm too expensive ! We were there this evening and are very disappointed. We ordered the red sangria, which was ok ( I only missed fruit in it ).  As in Europe, we ordered tapas. The patata bravas too expensive, sorry. They are selling shrimps in stead of real gambas. The abodigas were just ok.  We made a complaint and only got the answer : I'll let the chef know...... Nice place to sit, not too cold inside. Anyway, we will not return.
The service the night we dined led something to be desired. In total we had at least three servers come by our table taking various orders or dropping items off which was confusing as to who was actually in charge of our table. After waiting 15-20min to place our order of three tapas and sangria, we received our food which was only a meat plate, cheese plate and tuna cones after 15min but no sangria until the end of our meal. We told our third waiter we wanted the sangria taken off our bill since it was ridiculous to be served our drinks after we were done, especially since we could see if was permeate in a giant glass jug with a spout on the bar. The manager was nice enough to come over and discuss our lack of service and took half off our bill including the sangria, which was appreciated. So I would give it a second chance because the food was excellent and the manager acknowledged the lacking service without us having to call him over.
Man this place seems to be all hype. The few things we ordered were extremely salty and pricy. The bite size is pretty small, I thought the whole idea behind empanadas were they were to be shared, but the portion size might not satisfy two. In fact we went here to have the paella, I have had paella in Spain and Miami and I really enjoyed it, but the one they serve here was not that great. We left very disappointed, maybe I just walked in on a bad day at the kitchen...
Excellent service, mixed paella totally uninteresting for 50 bucks and luke warm.  Ate here before, pretty much the same mediocre and overpriced food.. . Gotta love Vegas, they don't get better just pricier.
Great tapas!!! A 5 on tapas.  Paella a 1. The rice was undercooked or something.  Been. Struggling for 24 hours since I ate the paella.  Service was a 5
The worst paella I ever had in my life. If you're looking for real or at least good paella this is not the place. Very good sangria.
SMH... Service was OK, atmosphere was LOUD and Tapas were mediocre at best. I would pass on this if you are looking for a quality Tapas. I may be spoiled coming from LA but I wouldn't go back!
Completely disappointed!  I went this past Sunday night with a party of 3.  We ordered about 7 or 8 dishes and not one was outstanding.  They were just ok, with the standout being the bacon-wrapped dates which were just awful.  We ordered wines by the glass, and they were small amounts of wine.  I'm not talking about just because it's in large glasses.  The wine pours were small.  Overall I just felt frustrated that I'd spent $300 in this place and felt like going to McDonald's afterward (which I didn't).  I see zero reason to ever go back here.  The positives are a nice atmosphere and cool furniture.  The food is just bad to mediocre - there's so many better restaurants in Vegas!
I was looking forward to eating at Julian Serrano's, with the recent health problems at Firefly I have been looking for a new Tapas spot. I am disappointed to say that Julian Serrano's will not be that spot. The food was okay but nowhere near the quality implied by the pricing and not nearly as good as Firefly. Also, worryingly, two out of the three diners in our party got sick shortly after eating, one of them violently ill. The service was nothing special, courteous but when asked for a suggested dish I got blank stares.Disappointingly Julian Serrano's is exactly what it's desperately trying not to be, a run of the mill Las Vegas casino restaurant with a fancy facade. The food is not horrible but for the price you would expect much more.
