I will start out by saying, this place has good food.  I ordered the Rising Sun Kobe burger. It was totally awesome and worth 16 bucks.. . "Why the shitty 2 star review Kate?" You ask.  I will splain it to you.... . So its about 4pm on a Monday. The place is not packed.  Its our last meal in Vegas before we drive back home. We walk up the the hostess, tell her party of 2.  She asked us if we wanted to be at the bar or in the restaurant.  I tell her restaurant.  She says the wait till be 20 minutes.  I then say, if the bar has regular tables, then we can swing that. She says yes, and then takes us to a coffee table.  I dont want to eat a burger at a goddamn coffee table. So we move to the bar. Hmmm. Ok... . . Bartender/waitress-  Shes a case.  I ordered a diet coke. She says "really?"  yes bitch really. She then also proceeded to criticize my fiance's order. "Thats really small you know. are you sure thats what you want?"  She also complains about her co workers not getting her??? wtf . At some point she tells this couple next to us, that shes young but knows her drinks?? As if they give a shit.  The whole time shes just talking to us sarcastically and then at some point im quite positive that shes hitting on my dude.  . . I can appreciate that they want the staff to be cool/tattooed/young but these people lack any basic customer service skills.  I will assume they will get many complaints before they figure out how to staff this place properly.  . . If you can deal with these morons, then eat here.  The food is for sure really good.  maybe you will have better luck than we did.
TERRIBLE SERVICE - but the food was good.  . . I know this place is new, but my experience was ridiculous.  Tons of staff members, very few customers and we still ended up waiting for nearly an hour for our food, had drink orders forgotten and had to ask 3 times for silverware from the same person.  . . Good food, but not sure it is worth the aggravation...
Our first interaction in Holsteins came via our douche-tastic waiter who, upon our sitting, proclaimed, "HEY! WHAT'S UP???!" My English boss, with his best sarcastic manners, responded, "Well, hello?". . Though I didn't catch his name, waiter-man-boy was annoying and slow. He never brought the promised samples of beer, proclaimed Boddingtons (an English bitter) was a white/wit beer and took so long to bring extra cranberry sauce for the sawdust-dry turkey burger I ate, it was long choked down before he reappeared.. . Beyond service, the food wasn't substantial, but some in our party loved their burgers.. . Kettle Chips - like any other kettle chip.. Southern Fried Chicken Fingers-n-Waffles - Nice crisp to the chicken, syrup was warm and the waffle was.... well, a waffle.. New England Turkey - Avoid. Avoid. Avoid. Dry like the dessert we were sitting in.. The Classic - Juicy and medium-rare.. The Longhorn - Meat-lovers delight.. Duck, Duck, Goose - Rich and hearty.. Korean 'Bull' Gogi - The egg was unnecessary and added nothing extra.. 'Big Fat Greek' - Creamy and dreamy.. . Duck Fat Fries - Didn't taste any different than the shoestring fries that came with our burgers.. Truffle Popcorn - Tasted like butter with no hint of truffle.. . Maybe it's a hit or miss type of place, but one thing's for sure: our party all agreed - the best 'dish' of the evening was the Frozen Grasshopper alcoholic milk shake. It was smooth mint ice cream with bits of chocolate and a peppermint meringue on top with just enough 'buzz' to make you remember this wasn't your average kid's treat.
i decided to eat here with the fam because i'd read some reviews about the greatness that is holsteins. burgers, alcoholic shakes (ew!), and fries... sounded perfect since we didn't have a lot of time and it was sorta fast food.. . the place itself was alright. its new and in a new hotel... but loaded with noisy families with tons of kids and bad acoustics. i could not even hear my mom talking to me and she was RIGHT next to me.. . like i said we didn't have a lot of time... about 40 minutes. we told the waitress ahead of time and she was very accommodating and made sure we got our food quick. we all had quick bites.... i ordered the street tacos with duck and foie gras and a side of cranberry garnish/salsa? not sure.. it was pretty good and hit the spot. however... my mom had the beef sliders and boy did they look dry and icky. and she said they were dry and icky. she didn't even eat it..... and i ended up giving her one of my tacos. . . we had the duck fat fries as well, which were not as good as i thought. the ketchup was actually mixed with relish or something so tasted ok but something like an aioli would have been better. we also split a regular strawberry milkshake, no alcohol. it was good but yea.... . anyway, i was just unimpressed and kinda mad at this place. how dare they serve such gross sliders! yes i don't eat beef and didn't try em but they looked so bad and my mom confirmed that they were. anyway, maybe i will come back someday and give the full menu a shot. but not likely anytime soon.
The burgers were good, but crazy over priced. Your talking around $15 for just your burger. Want cheese? That's extra. Fries? Those are extra, too. Also, $8 milkshakes? Seriously? Not worth it, considering you can mosey on down to the buffet and get all you can eat shrimp and braised short ribs. Plus, the place was trying way to hard to be hip.
I had high hopes for Holsteins. I love a good burger, and shakes with booze...yes please!! . . I was there with a party of 12, and we were early for our 6pm reservation, but we were told we couldn't be seated until our entire party was there. Not a problem, that's not unusual. By the time the majority of our party was there, they seated us. We were all ridiculously hungry, so were excited with the quick appearance of our servers. Because of the size of our party, they split our table in half. They attempted to split the bill as well, but we asked it to be kept on one. We quickly ordered some appetizers and waited in anticipation. . . Lobster corn dogs: good, but not great . Fried pickles: extremely tasty! . Lobster mac n cheese: I only had a small bite of this, but could have easily eaten a whole plateful! . Philly steak egg rolls (I think): ehhh . . So far so good...I was pleased with the appetizers, and ready for my burger! I kept it simple and ordered a classic cheeseburger, and it was great. I can't complain. I had it with steak fries which were also good. The overall consensus of the group was that the food was good. . . So why the 2 stars? While the food was good, maybe even great, the service was TERRIBLE. Wait, I have to clarify, half of the table's service was terrible. While Pete's side of the table got their food right away and with no problems, Nicole's side of the table had several problems... . . 1. the birthday girl ordered a classic burger with Cheddar cheese, grilled onions, bacon, wild mushrooms and NO TOMATOES. What she got was a cheeseburger with tomatoes, no onions, bacon or mushrooms. While I acknowledge this was not Nicole's fault, because she read back the order correctly, so someone messed up in the kitchen...what upset me was that by the time she got the right order, the rest of us were almost done eating! And throughout the whole time Nicole never came back to give us any kind of updates. . . 2. Someone else ordered a burger (I honestly can't remember which one) with brie and grilled onions. When she got her burger and opened it up, the brie was mostly rind and barely any cheese, so she asked it to be sent back and just asked for Cheddar instead. This also took a ridiculous amount of time. . . 3. Someone ordered a beer that never came . . During this time another one of our party decided to say something to the Manager, Steve. As soon as we said something to him, he brought the burgers out. He was very helpful and apologetic, but he messed up too. The second burger was supposed to have grilled onions and it didn't, we noticed this immediately so the one who ordered it let Steve now, he immediately said "Oh no, there are grilled onions on there, I saw them put them on" Then in what seemed like a scene out of a movie or a cooking competition, she slowly lifted the bun to expose raw onions on the burger. Obviously Steve was left a little red in the face. To his credit, he did comp us those two meals, but the ordeal left the majority of us disappointed and upset. The birthday girl couldn't even finish half of her burger because she had been so hungry she was left feeling sick and unable to eat. . . The duck fat fries were disappointing, but the shoestring and steak fries were yummy, and I also enjoyed the onion rings. . . Oh and the server (who's name I didn't catch) who was pouring drinks, then "tying his shoes" while we talked to the manager...you're not slick dude.  We know you were listening, probably hoping it wasn't you we were complaining about.. . What is most disappointing, is that the food is good enough for a return visit, but the service alone makes me not want to set foot in the place ever again.
Strike 1: The hostess looked me up and down judgmentally the second I walked up, which felt really welcoming, except the exact opposite. Strike 2: I accidentally ordered a BOTTLED beer that turned out to be $16.50 each. My fault for assuming that we don't live in a world where any human pays that much for a bottle of beer. The beer in question costs $9.99 a six pack at Whole Foods. Strike 3: Although hubs and I ordered the same thing with no weird substitutions, one of the burgers came with garlic aioli on the side and we had to cut into the burgers to discern which was well done and which was medium.  For a $120 dinner I didnt expect to be so annoyed.  The quality of burger was all right; we both had the Gold Standard. The steak fries were actually seasoned potato wedges. And they were...all right. Hated the Philly Cheese Steak eggrolls (not a fan of anything involving cheez whiz). All in all,  I left bummed and whats even sadder, unsurprised. The Cosmopolitan needs to hire capable people that care about their jobs, not these vapid robots that look great but can't even get a burger right.
So, I trip into this spot...loved the theme/idea.  The affable 20-somethin hostess invited me in and I sat at the empty bar...starving.  Now, when I go into a burger/shake place, I DO NOT order Duck confit, lobster mac n chee or freekin popcorn...I order a burger and a shake - damnit!. In short order I received what looked like a machine-made patty a tad undone...OK, it was bleeding all over my plate. The "skinny fries" that came with my $13 burger were skinny, alright...in a faux "milk-house" bucket cept it was about the size of a Wisconsin thimball.  I ordered a chocolate milkshake $11 as well.  It was nice, unfortunately it was also about the size of a medium coke at McD's.  Service was OK.. You know, when I compare this place with any other burger-joint, it might fare pretty well...but my tab was nearly $35...and for that amount of dough I could've eaten 10 HappyMeals and puked in the parking lot.
First, before I even get to the food I have to comment on the noise or better stated music level in this restaurant. It is TOO loud. Cannot even hold a conversation. Our waiter told us he loses his voice after a shift having to yell to be heard. . . The food. Started with an app of pita chips and their guacamole. Guac was OK but the pita chips were a a bowl of crumbs. Would not order again. Had the hen burger it was OK. Thought they were very skimpy with the fries, very small portion. Better burgers can be had near by.
not a fan. ordered the toscana mini's--sausage tasted like they just took it out of the freezer and thawed it. sauce on top was tasteless, sausage wrapped with bread. holstein mini burgers weren't very "burgery" either--tasteless and dry. with a side order of steak fries, the pill was $45--steep for tasteless food. will not go back.
After reading and salivating over the rave reviews for this place, my bf and I decided to give this place a try. We showed up around 7pm on a Saturday, and there wasn't a wait. We should have taken this as a bad sign... . . The FOOD: Since we weren't that hunger, we just ordered the guacamole with pita chips for an appetizer and the hen house burger for an entree. The guacamole and pita chips were good, but nothing special. Also, there were way more chips than guacamole.. wasn't impressed. Then theres the burger. My first impression was that it was TINY for a $14 burger, but I thought the taste would make up for it. I take my first bite and...... BLAND! The flavor of the meat was nothing special and you could hardly even taste the egg in the burger. I have tried burgers from many different burger joints, and this burger does NOT even come close to being considered one of the best!. . The SERVICE: Other reviews say they received popcorn once they were seated, we did not; I guess their popcorn machine was broken that night! The servers were nice, but the service itself wasn't that great. After we were almost done with our food, our server did not come by once to ask if we'd like a refill. I didn't even get my water refill until AFTER the she brought us the check; I had been running on empty for about 10 minutes. Also, it took a while for her to get our bill straightened out (probably about 15 minutes), and the place wasn't even fully busy.. . Overall, I expected to have great food and great service and I was disappointed. I know other yelpers really like this place, and I really wanted to like it too, but I guess my relationship with Holsteins just wasn't meant to be!
Came here for lunch with a rather big group, the restaurant was pretty empty at the time.  I was very disappointed with the burgers, namely because the bun's were absolutely terrible!  I had the Gold Standard with Onion Rings.  The burger patty was cooked medium, and all the fix-ins complimented the burger well...but I can't get over the fact that the bun was so terrible.   The burger bun was dry, cold, and slightly stale...it was so terrible that I could not enjoy my burger.  I almost had to eat the burger patty by itself and toss the bun.   Everyone else in my group agreed, the burger bun was stale and dry.  If it wasn't for the dry bun, I might be able to give it 4-stars, but I just could not enjoy my burger on a stale dry bun!  The burger patty was good quality, but I can't enjoy a burger without a good bun!  The onion rings were okay, i've had better, I really wished they were beer battered.  For the price of the burgers, I really expected a more satisfying burger; the burgers were not that big to begin with.  I think I will stick to Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay.. . As with everything else in Vegas, high prices don't always equate to high quality.   My meal came out to be $25 for a burger, onion rings, and water...for this price I expect a damn good burger, which Holsteins did not deliver.  Burger bar has much better burgers, and better prices!
I love burgers and fries and eat them more than I should.. . This place is a disappointment. Terribly overpriced and not very good.. . First, there was the regular chocolate milkshake I ordered. It was watery and not very creamy, like there wasn't enough ice cream and not very good quality ice cream. It was also small considering it was $8. Maybe that's why the waitress tried to sell me an alcohol milkshake.. . I ordered the burger rare and it took a while to get our food. My burger came out medium well, but I was really hungry and had no patience to send it back. The burger itself was just ok, nothing great. $5 for fries, and not very many fries.
I can honestly say that this place had some of the worst service I have ever had. Our server, Nicole/Nikki was absolutely awful. You know the service is bad when you see all their other tables looking around for their server and looking generally disgruntled. We asked several times for things that we ordered with our meal and didn't receive them. I literally filled my own water with the water bottle I had because no one would fill our waters. The other servers were hanging out by the computers and not helping anyone in the restaurant, which was super frustrating. My burger was alright. The bun was super hard (almost inedible) and I didn't get the mushrooms I ordered on it so it was really disappointing. The side salad I got, however, was really good. I'm not sure what kind of dressing it had but it was delicious. I'm not quite sure why but we were given popcorn at the beginning of the meal. I would give this place another chance because it did have some redeeming qualities, but I would hope to have a more friendly and competent server next time.
Holsteins is not the best burger in town. It was just "meh". My burger was overcooked. I asked for a medium burger and got a well done burger. Not completely dry but pretty close. And of course it has Vegas Strip prices.
Went here to grab a quick dinner before heading back to the room. I wasn't that hungry so I decided to order their sliders. MISTAKE. I know they are sliders but I was expecting them a tad bigger and maybe like 3-4 of them instead of two plain bite size burgers and four potato chips? I ended up spending $20 for it with a soda, tax, and tip. I hate spending money on food and leaving unsatisfied!  The people I went with said their regular burgers (I think they ordered the kobe beef) were the best burgers they ever had so I will definitely come back here again to try one of their regular sized ones. Either that or the salmon burger looked real good too. I want to like this place so maybe next time I try it I will.
First off, best burger I've had in a long time. Yes I agree with the other reviews. The burger is great. However, expensive. We also ordered the lobster mac&  cheese which when brought to the table made us laugh because the serving was so tiny. I ordered a "specialty" cocktial, I don't remember the name but it was made with ginger ale. And all 5 sips were tasty. Just wish I had more sips for the price. I would have given this restaurant only 1 star but since the burger was so good I'll give it a solid two.. . Psst...if you want a good burger and better choices. I recommend the SkyBox Sports Grill & lounge located in Aria. For the same price they have a much larger portion. The burger is just as good and they have the BEST Philly Cheesesteak I've ever had!
This review (and rating) is only for the LATE NIGHT menu.. . My bf and I arrived late at night and sadly they didn't offer their normal menu. We had to order from the "late night menu" which does NOT have a lot of their popular items. They don't even have their spiked milkshakes on the late night menu which was what I wanted to try the most after hearing so many good things about it. :( Booo. . . My bf and I reluctantly ordered the tiny burgers which are really really tiny! Tinier than your average sliders. The meat was super dry too. I really do not recommend them. Their homemade potato chips that came on the side were tasty though. But overall, NOT worth the money!. . There was a DJ inside near the entrance which was pretty odd/interesting... since nobody dances in there and it's not even really a lounge.. and it's right across from Marquee where you can go dance to a DJ if you wanted to. . . All in all, do NOT come here late at night. Come during their regular hours so you can get the goods!
We stayed at the Cosmoplitan Hotel and were pretty excited to have a this in our hotel.  The night we went, we placed a to--go order to take back to our room.  BAD MISTAKE!!!  We had about 5 of us, that ordered a variety of food... probably totalling over $200.  Not only did it take about 40-minutes to get our order but most of the order was wrong.  I ordered potato chips w/ onion dip, a salad and a burger.  The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.  The salad, never happened... it was an order of pita chips and guacamole when I got back to my room.  The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.  I couldn't stomach the flavor and had to stop eating it after a few bites.  I seriously would have called to complain but I didnt have another 30-40 minutes for them to figure out a solution.  Probably wouldn't ever come back here because the service was horrible this night and the food was not worth the money.
If I could give 1.5 stars, I would. Yay for the free popcorn and beer selection.. 3 people = 3 messed up orders. Rock hard hamburger bun. "well done" patty with red center.  Nobody seemed to care that we didn't like our food. Waitress just seemed put out about it.. . P.S. Steak fries = potato wedges. . . Go to smashburger. If you really want to spend a lot of money for your burger, go to burger bar.
Very disappointed in Holsteins.. Ate at Scarpetta and saw this cute place so came back the next day. Food order was messed up and not good at all.. I would recommend going somewhere else. They were nice about everything but would not go back.
I had nothing but high hopes for Holsteins, sadly my dining experience did not live up to expectations. It wasn't that the food was bad, it was actually good. What killed the experience for me was the horrifically bad service and the ridiculously loud music.. . I arrived at Holsteins at about 9:15pm on a Monday night, walked up to the hostess desk, and after being ignored for a few minutes was "greeted" by the snottiest hostess in the whole world. After some exasperated sighing and excessive eye-rolling I was told that they were full, the waiting list was full, and they wouldn't even take my name for the waiting list until after 9:30. Boom, that was it....and then she walked away. We were aghast! WTF? Oh, GAME ON! So, I walked 3 feet away, pulled out my phone, and looked at Opentable.com. Oh hey, look at that...there are reservations available for Holsteins...now. I promptly made a reservation for 4, pushed send, got my confirmation, and walked the 3 feet back to the hostess desk. Phone in hand and with a gigantic smile on my face I greeted the snotty hostess and said I had a reservation. She once again grunted and rolled her eyes saying, "oh, are YOU Carrie?" After I happily confirmed that I was indeed Carrie...THE Carrie with the 9:30pm Opentable reservation Snotty Hostess said, "I saw that you JUST made the reservation. (Eyes rolling up a storm) There is a long waiting list, but because you JUST made a reservation I will put your name at the top of the list. But just to let you know, it might take 20 minutes or more to get you a table." I honestly have never encountered a more snotty, hostile, and unaccommodating hostess anywhere. It would serve Holsteins well to hire hostesses with temperaments more appropriate for the position.. . Here is what we ordered:. . Bam-boozled "shakes" all $11.00. . Drunken Monkey. Frozen Grasshopper. Cereal Bowl. Black Cow. . They were all fine...nothing special and not very boozey. FYI, the Black Cow is a float not a shake, despite the fact it is not marked as such.. . Burgers:. . Gold Standard $17.50 - . Longhorn $16.00. Steakhouse burger $16.50. . All the burgers were cooked perfectly and they were tasty, but the toppings were very skimpy. I have indeed "experienced better." They are served with fries...two of us chose shoestring fries and one upgraded to sweet potato fries. Sadly, both types of fries were mediocre at best. Additionally we ordered the Fried Green Tomatoes which were also mediocre.. . Our server was fine, but not fantastic. The music was so loud we could barely hear the waitress or carry on a conversation. Overall our experience was a less than stellar one. The experience with the snotty hostess put a taint on the evening and there was nothing that happened during the rest of our dinner that made up for it. There are way too many other restaurants in Las Vegas with bigger, better burgers and better service. I will not be returning, unless it is to punch the snotty hostess in the face (I kid! I kid!)
Ok.  You're in Las Vegas for crying out loud so grow some balls and while you're at it, grow a bigger menu.  The selection is SO redundant and your menu is so hard to read.  I dont know who, in the marketing department, approved the visuals of the menu.  Kimchee Quesadilla - great! Pork Bun Sliders - fab! Never had them like that anywhere, but the menu is just blah.  It is VERY reasonably priced for being in such a fancy hotel.  What I liked about this place was that I was able to order my food here and take it to the beautiful Chandalier and eat it there w/a cocktail.  Also I went there on Friday night to eat and was able to leave with a free water refill in a plastic cup.  The next night, same situation and I had to pay $1.00 for a water refill to go.  Seriously?  It's a dollar, but still!
We ate here on a Tuesday evening at about 9pm, it wasn't too busy and we were seated immediately.  We had the pork belly sliders and the Longhorn Burger with shoestring fries.  We also shared a Grasshopper milkshake.  . . The sliders were the best part of the meal, great flavor and I could have eaten 5 of these :-) They were $9 for two.  . . The Longhorn Burger had brisket, BBQ sauce, coleslaw and a pickcle on it.  We held the coleslaw and the pickle, but had to pay $2 (on top of the $16 for the burger) for a slice of cheddar.  The burger was slightly overcooked, the BBQ sauce was hardly there and I couldn't find any brisket on my half of the burger.. . The Grasshopper shake was $11 and tasted of mint and chocolate, but there was no alcohol - I guess I expected to taste it at $11.. . I would not go back to this restaurant - there are better places in Vegas and even back home in Albuquerque.
I would've given this place a 4 star for its juicy burgers and tasty steak fries, but the service totally sucked. There were 6 of us in the party after the half marathon and the  restaurant was probably 60% full, yet we waited 30 min to get seated. The beer I ordered was forgotten and when it did arrive it was not the beer I ordered. Our waitress didn't even say "thanks for coming" after we paid, completely lacking appreciation for our business. May be she'd had a bad day, but still some attentiveness would've been nice to compliment the juicy Korean 'bull'gogi burger that I ordered.
I'm a epicurean (foodie) and knows good food, nothing was memorable about the gold standard it was just ok had better burgers from 5 guys the captn crunch shake is sooo good not  enough alcohol for $11 but it can be shared that's a plus. We just added our own shots I had in my purse (wink) The complementary popcorn is wack . For $17 burgers this place is overrated. And I wasn't being cheap I was here 12/5/11
As a burger lover I was really excited to try this place out after having read all the great reviews.  We came a little after noon and were seated promptly, though it started filling up quite a bit after that.  I ordered the classic burger with cheddar cheese and bacon and split the Campfire S'mores milkshake with my dining companion.  The shake was delicious and the alcohol taste was very subtle which I did not mind.  It comes with some extra in a tin container and was more than enough for the two of us to share.  I was disappointed though that some of the other shakes I wanted to try were only seasonal.   . . As we were waiting I noticed popcorn being brought out to another table twice.  I had to ask for some after seeing that and our server acted surprised that none had been brought out.  Hmm, wasn't it his job to do it or at least see to it that we got some and didn't he look at our table and see that we had none?  By the time our popcorn was brought out our burgers came out a minute later, so we didn't get to enjoy too much of the popcorn. . . We were debating as to whether we should split a burger or get our own and in the end we each got our own because from what we could see they looked pretty small.  Turned out we actually could have split one and it would have been enough for the two of us.  Personally that would have been fine for me because I wasn't too thrilled with the burger and have definitely had better.  I usually do not mind pickles in my burger but theirs just did not taste good and I had to pick them out.  The other greens in my burger did not taste good either.  To top it all off I asked for my burger to be cooked well done and it came out pink inside.  My burger came with shoestring fries which were ok.  They were super skinny so at the end of the meal it looked like I hadn't even touched them.  . . If you are looking for a good burger and fries at the Cosmopolitan I highly recommend the burger at Commes Ca, truly some of the best burgers and fries I've had and for about the same price as what you'd get at Holstein's.  Come to Holstein's for the shakes, but just make sure they currently have the flavor you've been wanting to try.
Yes, this place is located in one of the hottest hotels on the strip, and yes, Holsteins atmosphere is equally as  hip. From the creatively named menu items, to the overly fake-eyelashed waitresses, Holsteins really tries to grab your attention.. . As for the food and service at this place... Meh. I had ordered the turkey burger and a side salad with dressing on the side. When I started eating my burger, I noticed that there was a small white square on my lettuce. The little white square was an expiration sticker that the chef had forgotten to take-off my lettuce leaf before sending the food out. The waitress was unapologetic, but the manager did come over to say he was sorry. Once the food was re-prepared and delivered to my table, the chef had drenched my salad in dressing. I hate being 'one of those customers', but I had to send my salad back to the kitchen. Again, no apology from the waitress.. . The burger itself was just okay. There was nothing to write home about on the flavor of the meat, bun, or side salad. I've had better elsewhere.. . While I don't expect my meal to be comped, I did expect something more once I informed the waitress that there was a sticker on my food. Nope, I paid full price for my disappointing meal.. . Being a local in Vegas, I have my pick of the litter when it comes to burger joints. Holsteins is a place I don't believe I would visit again.
There are so many better burger places on the strip.. . The malts and buffalo chicken dip were unique and tasty.. . Most likely will not go there again.
My friend told me this place was yummy. . . IT WAS NOT YUMMY!. . Sunday before checkout and we decided to eat here. It was filled with testosterone filled men watching football and yelling at the tv. Not my idea of dining out. . . Lobster Mac & Cheese was not good. I could've made it better. The macaronis were tiny little noodles. Chef boyardee style noodles. Not enough lobster and def not enough cheese.. . Fried pickles were exactly what it was. Not a fan.. . Calamari was actually tasty. Not the traditional with sauce on the side. It was on the bottom of the plate and calamari on top with slices of jalapenos!. . The gold standard burger was ok. Supposedly the best burger in Vegas but not to my standard. I asked for medium and it came out well done. It was too charred. Only tasted the burnt meat. The idea of the burger was awesome with aged goat cheese and arugula but that's it. Just the idea was great. . . I wouldn't dine here. It's not worth the money and experience.. . The shorts on the girls were cute. It said "soft buns" or "perfect buns" on the butt but trust me, their buns with neither.
The draw to this place was the alcoholic milkshakes. And at $11, I thought they'd be stronger, the food would be better and it would be more enjoyable. We waited a while for a table despite there being many open tables...and when we sat down, the table was dirty. . . There are plenty of toppings available for your burger, and they include cheeses, and all sorts of things. If you can think of it, it's probably available to put on your burger. However, I was so disappointed that my mom's food was not to her liking that it made me not even want mine. She opted to order the lobster roll as her salad tasted pretty rancid (you could argue that who goes to a place with Buns in the name and orders a salad, but hey....if you just bought me a pair of Louboutins for Christmas, you can order whatever the hell you want!)...and it served as our late night snack. . . Lobster Mac and Cheese was passable...not enough lobster, weird kind of noodles and extremely salty. . . The staff seemed to be phoning things in, as I almost had to chase the girl down to pay the check, and once she saw we weren't happy with our food, it seemed like she lost interest...maybe thought we'd take it out on the tip...not sure. I plan on returning to Vegas, but definitely NOT to this place.
Very disappointing.. . Our group came here starving and we were all very excited. Not only did everything look good on the menu, but it was highly rated on Yelp, and our waitress spoke highly of several dishes. . . We ordered a bunch of things: Calamari, Lobster Truffle Mac & Cheese, Fried Pickle, and several burgers. The majority of the group ordered the Gold Standard, because it was the most popular and it won "Best Burger in Vegas" 2 years and I ordered the Nom Nom Burger.. . Unfortunately, only the Calamari was good amongst the starters. The Lobster Truffle Mac & Cheese was not cheesy at all and lacking in flavor, the Fried Pickles were okay and I've definitely had better. I did enjoy the Calamari though. It was fried perfectly so it was crispy and I loved the spicy kick in the tomato sauce.. . Now, for the burgers. WOW. What a major disappointment. We all ordered our burgers medium rare and medium, but they were all overcooked to well done and it was so burnt that all you could taste was the smoky flavors of the charcoal. Definite plus that the patties are grilled over charcoal and has a smoky flavor, but the whole thing is not supposed to taste overly smoky! The taste was so overpowering that we couldn't taste anything else on the burger and all of us were poking at our patties and extremely annoyed.. . I definitely do not recommend dining here especially since it's overpriced and not very tasty.
This place sucks... Took way to long to  get our food
Service has been very poor each of the three times I've been there.  The food isn't worth the price.
it's average. . pretty expensive; and they have no business being that expensive - but, it's Vegas..what're you go'na do?. . I guess you could just..win the money! haha.. good luck.. . the one cool thing I can say about this place is that they have this drink called the "Brisket Mary" It's basically a bloody mary; with vodka that's infused with beef brisket!.. and then they put a huge chunk of beef in your drink! haha.. It's like a meal-in-a-glass. Pretty damn tasty - if you like bloody mary's and beef, that is.
A good burger in Vegas, but you can find much better for the money.. . The prices are what you would expect for "gormet" burgers, and is within reason. . . Let me first start off saying that it is crazy busy.  We went on a Wednesday night around 9pm and had to wait almost an hour for our table.  Then we ordered, and it took 45min to get our food.  The waiter kept coming over saying the food was almost done, but it was literally 45min from order to table for a burger. . . Also, it is exteremly loud.  I am only 26, so you will not hear me complaining about noise very often, but this is seriously almost club loud...where you literally have to yell to the person 3ft from you to hear each other.  Not really a big deal, but don't come here expecting to have good conversation with your meal.. . I always order my $$ burgers medium rare...but mine came out well done.  No pink at all on the insides, and my Kobe was not what it should have been.  Not the way I wanted to enjoy my Kobe....very very minimal juice and everyone else's burger was overcooked as well.   I ordered the Rising Sun, and it was definitely packed with flavor, but  I should have ordered regular sirloin if they were gonna destroy my burger.  My friend ordered the Bulgoki burger, and said it tasted like a hamburger with the marinade dripped over it...he wasn't impressed, and that's sad for a $17 burger.. . I had a run at an Oreo shake "to go" and it took about 20min to get it.  It was already a little watery and I should have just refused it...same thing with my burger.  . . Overall I am happy that I tried it, and I learned from this experience...to reject food when it comes like this.
I expect to pay higher fare for dining on the strip but I expect a good payout with delicious flavors and a satisfied tummy... And holsteins fell short for me. For a place that boasts their buns and shakes, I expect them to be amazing! And sadly those were the two things I liked least about the place. . I ordered the Ahi sliders and the flavors of the slider were great. Really fresh and my favorite part was the slaw on the inside. But what killed these sliders for me were the BUNS! The buns were cold, tough, and chewy. I was expecting some soft succulent warm buns to sink my teeth into, but these tasted like day old bread.. . Now onto the shakes: I ordered the Black cow shake which was an "udder" fail. It was supposed to be a play on a vanilla coke float and what I got was a flat soda with some vanilla ice cream. The soda was so flat it just tasted like I was drinking coke flavored syrup. Yuck. Maybe you'll have some luck with some of the other shakes. . All in all, it might have been an off day for Holstein's but I'm not willing to empty out my wallet again to give them a second chance.
So, when read on the menu that you can pay $28 for a billionaire burger, you get the impression that you are in for a one hell of a burger. Ok, so I didn't spend the $28, but instead opted for the $16.5 peppered burger. Still expectations are a bit high.. . I order medium rare and I end up with a medium done burger and my wife gets the medium rare burger when she wanted medium. Obviously, they don't pay too much attention to the fine details and got the orders swapped.The wedge cut fries did turn out pretty good, but the string cut fries were way too overcooked. . . As a appetizer, we ordered the IPswitch clams and they pretty horrible. The batter was hard and it took some serious chomping just to bite through it. Geez, where these yesterday's leftovers and re-cooked today?. . One of the best things is that I received a free draft lager with a Foursquare checkin.. . One of the reasons we were there was because of a groupon deal.. . Bottom line, this place is not a destination place for a great burger, but rather a place to eat while your at a chic hotel. . . $6.50 for a Sierra Nevada pale ale...really!!!
The burgers, fries and shakes we were anticipating were just mediocre.  Service so sketchy that the manager finally took our order.  Much better available elsewhere with more choices, better service, location and happier employees@
I had really high expectations for this place after reading all the great reviews. I'm not sure if it's just me or maybe it was an off day but I've had plenty of burgers better than this. . . I will say though that the shakes they have are amazing, try to stay away from the floats. . . We spent about $76 incl. tip on two burgers and two shake/floats. . . gold standard- I asked for my burger medium and it came out to medium well. I really didn't like the meat and it was $17! $17 is okay for me as long as it tastes good, but it was dry and pretty bland.. . i understand that every restaurant on the strip is expensive, but don't come here expecting SHAKE SHACK quality and i know it's wrong of me to compare since shake shack is located only in NYC, but there is no comparison. . . Maybe it was an off day when i went since they weren't very busy but our burgers took forever to arrive.
Service: 1 star. Food: 3 stars. Ambiance: 2 stars. . Average: 2 stars.  . . It's LOUD in here.  So loud you can't hear your dining companions speaking, and apparently so loud that the servers can't hear either, because  our server got every person's order wrong.  . . Burger with no onion and extra pickle came out wrong.  Turkey burger with no sauce came out wrong.  Regular mojioto came out wrong (it was peach flavored, how does that happen?)   . . When we pointed out the mojioto was peach, the server told us it wasn't.  After arguing with her for a while (we had to argue?), we invited her to try it.  It was indeed peach.  No apologies from her.  No apologies for the F-d up food orders either. . . The food was ok, nothing to write home about.  I wouldn't go back, and I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone either.
Food is great here, but the service need a great deal of improvement! Ex: never check back, refills, dirty dishes all on table.. Don't know if a manager is working or not oh wait she dropped off one of our burgers.
We went to Holsteins before and I thought it was much better before they changed the menu.. . I was so excited to have a group on for this place and had two great meals here prior.  We had the pork belly buns as an appetizer. Recently had the peking duck buns at Bachi Burger and although these were okay, they didn't even compare to the Bachi ones.. . I also had a comparable kalbi burger.  Again, the winner goes to Bachi Burger.   In trying to create a asian-fusion burger, leave it to the asians...it was good, but lacking certain flavors, spices.  It's the difference between Chinatown cuisine and PF Changs.  Both can be good, but you can't beat authentic chinese.  . . My wife had the Greek style lamb burger.  Now, we had this when they had the slider version a few months back and it was incredible.  I remember being blown away by it.  This full sized burger was dry, not juicy at all.  It had some nice seasoning, but I wasn't too impressed.  . . All in all, pretty pricey and not even close to what I remember...I'll choose Bradley Ogden for my high end burger any day; and Bachi Burger for my fusion burger.. . If you want a great meal in the Cosmo, I suggest Milos or Secret Pizza!
Tried this place out last week during the Yeezy II campout at CRSVR. Hubby and I ordered 1 appetizer and 1 burger meal to share. Total tab $30 - Cheesesteak Spring Rolls and Hen House Burger with two waters.... The spring rolls were good, I'll admit, but the overall meal and service was not great at all. I'd quickly pick Red Robin over this place any time.. It's located at the heart of The Cosmopolitan, so it's an easy try for anyone who is starving and looking for some burger grub.. Honestly, just head one floor up and grab a slice of pizza or even a whole pie and be done with your hunger angst...the escalator or elevator ride up is much more worth it than wasting your money here.
Service was very good, but food was mediocre.  For the price, I expected much better.
So after all the hype about how great this place is, I finally tried it.. . These type of restaurants are usually my favorite.  I love great burgers, and anything spun off in the form of an upscale burger joint.. . The appetizer, which was chicken queso with chips that was pretty nice.. . The burger I ordered was perfectly cooked and the beef was great, but the bun was a really weird consistency, not crispy/toasted, and not soft.  It was kinda like a soft bagel.  Too tough for a burger with a lot of toppings, and everything wanted to slide out of the burger.  . . The lettuce on the burger was like butter lettuce or something really soft and not crisp, and had a bitterness not adding to the burger.. . Also the steak fries are a misnomer, they are actually wedges, there is a big difference.. . Not a remarkable restaurant of this type, I would much rather go to le burger brasserie in the paris, BLT burgers in the mirage, or the burger bar in the mandalay shops.. . The ambience was nothing special either.. . Go to the hidden/secret pizza place upstairs from this for a better meal in a cooler place.
It's a good place go grab a quick bite before you start partying at Marquee.  The restaurant has a nice interior but the artwork not matching with the interior design.  It felt like a last minute effort to create a marketing logo/image for the company.  . . For food, I ordered the  carbonera chicken burger. The burger doesn't look that big, but its a pretty filling meal.  I was full w half a burger.  The chicken was a bit dry for my taste but otherwise good.  You have the option of getting string fries or cut fries, which were both VERY salty for my taste.  I ended up gulping down 2 cups of water by the end of my meal.
Came here to eat lunch during my last day in Vegas with a friend. We were looking for a place inside the Cosmo to eat (besides Wicked Spoon, which we went to more than once already) and ended up here. I was really disappointed by the food here.. . I ordered the California Turkey w/ Shoestring Fries, along with a fried egg on top. I've had turkey burgers at other places before that were tasty, but this place didn't get it right at all. The meat was dry and there was no flavor to it. What made it even worse was that they stuck the big toothpick right into the fried egg. The yolk broke and started running before my dish even got to me. It got to the point where I had to use a knife and fork to eat, because the bottom of the patty got so soggy that I couldn't even pick up my burger.. . Service was okay. The waitress took our orders and brought out the food pretty fast, and checked on us occasionally. When we asked to split the check by a certain amount, the waitress said she could only split it 50/50.. . I would be very reluctant to come back and try this place again. I can get better tasting burgers for under $15 (about the average price here). They can't even serve a fried egg properly.
Had the house salad, dressing on the side, because I was eating light after constant fooding during my trip. It was fresh and served my needs. . . I swiped some of my friends vanilla shake and it was DELICIOUS. I also split some onion rings with the table and they were crunchy and filling, but nothing to write home about. . . The service took forever. I thought I wouldn't  be one of those people that would downgrade a place due to service, but this was ridiculous. We waited about 20 minutes for the check and about 20 minutes for it to be ran. I will not return
I'm not sure what the hype is about. Having experienced the Gourmet Burger craze in both LA and Dallas maybe my expectations are just too high. Their "Gold Standard" burger has been touted as the best in Vegas... this has to be a joke. The mix of flavors were not balanced well. The goat cheese did not compliment the beef in any way. The ingredients were of good quality but not what I would expect for the price point. . . In general I would say everything on the menu was quite overpriced (even by Vegas standards). This is where Holsteins really fell short for me. I've had $10 burgers that blow this one away. Not to be super whiny but on top of the food not meeting my expectations  the service was a bit slow and my burger was slightly overcooked. Nothing egregious, but I would feel remiss to not point it out here. We tried the Lobster Mac & Cheese appetizer to start and I can't help but compare it to the Lobster Mac at The Capital Grille which is of better quality, a larger portion and actually cheaper than Holsteins. Even the steak fries were uninspired and blah. . . Overall I was disappointed at every turn by this place. The food was acceptable and I won't say it was a bad meal but it does not live up to the bar they have set for themselves. I would not go back. Save your money and go to one of the many other great restaurants in Las Vegas.
probably the biggest let down in the Cosmo.
Food is pretty good, but not for the price. I'd have given them a 4-star for that, but the real problem is that in the 8 times I've been there (4 in person, 4 for take-out) I've never once received my order as I ordered it. It's especially frustrating on take-out orders that somebody else is picking up for you. (3 of the 7 people in my office that ordered with me today ALSO received their orders wrong.). . After the first couple times I noticed a trend, and I've finally reached the point where I only eat here if somebody else is paying.
I was looking for something open late at night around 11:30 and this was one of the only places open that looked decent.  I ordered the burger here which was a little hard to eat because it was messy the way they made it, but it was good.  The shake here was average.
SPOILER ALERT. . This.. . Place.. . Sucks.. . --. . Ok well they only kind of suck because I did enjoy my milkshake and the awesome steak fries, but everything else was a HUGE disappointment especially my burger.  I guess my beef with Holsteins (pun intended) was that my burger came out almost well done when I ordered it medium rare.  Yeah I should have sent it back but I was STARVING and didn't want to get an extra topping in my burger if you know what I mean.  So I scarfed it down and here I am now on Yelp LOL!  . . And it doesn't stop there. I also had the absolute WORST lobster roll of my life here.  In fact, I wouldn't even consider it a lobster roll, more like a little bit of lobster inside a huge untoasted unbuttered cold stale roll with bbq marks as if it was on the grill trying to pass itself off as a lobster roll, so do me a favor y'all actually do yourself a favor and DO NOT ORDER this unless of course you want a little more disappointment in your life, because if that's what you need then by all means have at it.... . Yeah it looks nice and they have cool art an shit to confuse your taste buds, but the truth of the matter is I would never ever recommend this place to anyone, even someone I didn't like.  You're better off gambling your money away or spending it on booze or strippers or giant guitar shaped margaritas or ziplining on Fremont Street.  Hell for the price I paid here I think I could have gotten a day pass for ziplining, which I promise you would have been a whole helluva lot more enjoyable than anything here (except for the milkshakes).
Best burgers in Vegas?  I don't think so.  I ordred the Gold Standard which is the one they supposedly won awards for.  I was not impressed.  The Aged Goat Cheddar overpowered the whole burger.  I had to scrape it off to be able to actually taste the beef.  Even at that point I was not impressed.  I ordered the burger cooked medium, and it was cooked perfectly, however, it just tasted bland.  I had to add ketchup.  It is not worth $17.50!  I've had $3 burgers that tasted way better than this!   Very disappointed!
Shakes were amazing, but the quesadilla was really gross.
disappointing. . . i really wanted to like this place, based on the interior esp the wall decor. unfortunately, it stops there. . . **the hostesses are dumb as bricks. is that bc they are college drop-outs? learn to smile and respond quickly. geez. when i asked if they had any shirts for sale, it was like i asked them to solve long division. total air-heads. . . each table gets a little bucket of movie theatre popcorn to munch on while you wait. . . i ordered The Gold Standard: bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, arugula and garlic chive aioli. all i tasted was bread and meat. maybe when i got to the center of the burger, did i taste some of that confit. but really, the flavors are bland. . . my bf got The Billionaire Burger: kobe beef, foie gras, port onion marmalade, frisee and truffle mayo. the waitress asked if he wanted to add lobster ($10 add-on). sure, why not. WTF. who serves crumbled lobster meat?? it couldve been crumbs from leftover knuckle meat or even crawfish, how the hell would we know??! im not asking for an entire tail, but at least give us some chunks of lobster. it was minced. terrible. you could even taste it. . . the beef patty is a probably about a 1/3lb. i like fuddruckers patties and even their buns, better. . . my sweet potato fries were limp. . . we'll be going back to burger bar in mandalay bay. or in-and-out.
I went Tues Jan 29th around 7:30pm.  Burger was pre-made and then warmed up before served. What? Not for a $17 burger. . . I sat at the bar and the bartender said three words to me. Never asked if I was enjoying my meal or needed another beer.  Piss poor service. . . I dont mind paying that much for a burger but there are So many other good places to choose from...like McDonalds for a fraction of the price.. . Yes, I would categorize this place w Mickey D's.
This place did not live up to expectations.  We browsed yelp reviews and looked through the menu prior to getting here, and were really excited to try the selection, but most of us left disappointed.  Luckily, I think I got the best burger of the bunch (The Rising Sun Burger!).. . The Rising Sun Burger is an Asian-inspired burger so I loved the sweet, salty flavors.  The fried avocado and addition of tempura added a wonderful element to it.  I also added an additional egg on mine.  However, I think the key to a GREAT burger is the meat patty, and this is where Holsteins fell short with ALL our burgers.  Mine "supposedly" had a kobe beef patty, but I would've never known the difference because in-n-out serves a better patty.  They asked us how we wanted our patties cooked, and all of us went with medium-rare, but they were all overcooked.  Our patties tasted dry and flavorless.. . Our group shared two appetizers - the Lobster Mac 'n Cheese and the Wings.  Both were mediocre.  The mac 'n cheese was runny, there was barely any lobster in it, and the portion was tiny.  Not worth the high price tag.  The wings were your standard wings - I think Wingstop wings are just as good.. . Although I didn't order one, my friends said the alcoholic shakes didn't even taste like there were any alcohol in them.  They might as well have ordered regular non-alcoholic shakes elsewhere for a fraction of the cost.. . Cool concept, but execution fell short.
Well good thing I'm writing this review cause I am SO DAMN FULL that I can't sleep!! First of all, this place is REALLY LOUD. So be warned that if you are going there to converse with others...I wouldn't suggest coming here. Don't get me wrong, I love that the DJ had tons of enthusiasm but the volume of the music was just too loud. . . Our server was Jonathan, who seemed to be a really cool guy when he first introduced us. I personally felt really rushed to order our drinks. This is where the first problem arose...we wanted a plain vanilla milkshake and his snarky response was that "all the shakes have vanilla" so after we place our order for an oreo milkshake, we see on the menu that they have plain vanilla, chocolate, and other standard flavors. When we saw this we obviously confronted us and told him we just wanted the vanilla. He said that "the order was already placed and as he was bringing us our other drinks he was literally blending it" I'm not sure about you folks but when you are in the food and beverage industry, shouldn't you be attentive to the customers needs? Not sure if he was purposely trying to get a higher check average since the standard milkshakes were $3 less but anyways. I thought this was extremely rude of him to say that the milkshake was already being blended so we couldn't change our order when he wouldn't let us order what we wanted in the first place. The milkshake was yummy, but the principle.. . When we asked about other menu alternatives he laughed and said "you know this is a burger place right?" Well excuse me...but if I remember correctly the right side of the menu had quesadillas, tacos, and a variety of other things. Who would have known it was such a crime to ask such a question.. . Another thing that really tickled me was that during the meal, the fire alarm went off and NOBODY was evacuating. Yes, we probably should have taken it a little more seriously and at least gotten up to check what was going on but is it just me or is it illegal for them to not even make an effort to evacuate us while a fire alarm is going off?. . We ordered the chicken wings to start and I had the Longhorn burger  for my main; and although it was extremely tasty, I didn't think it was anything to write home about (except the steak fries, yum) Ultimately, I would have to agree with my fellow Yelpers that the service here is extremely slow, with just average food. I think next time I'll have to make the drive to Bachi Burger.. . The reason for my two star rating. -1 star for a snarky server. -1 star for not bringing us popcorn. -1 star because the food was just OK
A 75.00 lunch of 2 average burgers and good shakes. The service was complete crap. Table piled with our empty plates and glasses while we sat looking for our server. She clearly hated her job. . . The prototypical example of so many spots in resort areas (especially Vegas) where they will always make money due to the location and huge range of clientele who may or may-not know any better.. . Don't waste your time or money.
As promised, I went back to try the food on this trip. Unfortunately, the burgers just didn't live up to the hype and didn't even touch the delicious burger at the Barrymore...not sure why as it is the same company. Anyway, I got the farm burger (or something...the one with the bacon and the egg). There is no reason this should not be delicious. Even when I make burgers at home with bacon and egg on them, they are delicious. This was not delicious. It was so bland and boring. I felt like I was eating a totally plain burger from like Red Robin or something. The BF got the burger sliders and said they were pretty meh. For a 30$ lunch, I would not recommend this place....definite pass....head over to the Barrymore instead.
Way overpriced for a below average burger. I had the gold standard burger, just not that good. My friend got the salmon burger (can't remember the name for it). The best thing he could say about it was that it was edible. Service was good, and it was a nice place.
We went at lunch time and they brought a small basket of dry, cold, tasteless popcorm to the table... one bite and we left the rest.. . Next we shared lobster roll sliders - the hot dog buns were toasted, but left to cool and became dry - the lobster salad was finely chopped... I suspect claw meat... flavorless - I've had better lobster salad at a supermarket deli counter.. . Finally the $17.50 burger (plus a $2 upcharge for onion rings.  The onions rings were described by our waiter as "lightly battered and lightly fried"... they were heavily breaded and overcooked.  The toppings on the burger were tasty, but the Kobe burger was smallish, dry and overcooked... Kobe should have a decent amount of fat due to marbling, but this one did not.. . Bottom line - overpriced ($48 plus tip for the roll, burger and one glass of house wine) run-of-the-mill food and, although the service was good, we will not be back, nor will we recommend.
50 minutes to get a burger!. . This was basically only sit-in restaurant at Cosmo we could get our last minute reservation so we went.  The receptionist was friendly and the place had a fun vibe (and it has cute decor).  All was good until we found ourselves starting to death because it took forever to get our food.  . . Food:. Tiramisu shake was rich and yummy.  . Oreo shake was good too, but it didn't really have enough alcohol.  People at the table agreed that it was a waste to pay extra for an alcoholic shake.  . Gold standard burger was well put together.  Meat was cooked just the way I asked for.  Sweet potato fries I paid extra 2 dollars for was far less satisfying.  It was bland.  Not crispy enough.  Blah altogether.  What a waste of $2.   . . Vegas has too many places to eat to return to this overpriced burger joint.
OMG super disappointed like no other.. . FYI: came here at night and they card you to get in. super loud music. if you come at night they only serve the late night menu which is a total bummer.. . Ordered:. . *we order shoe string fries. i have had them before many many times in my life time. yelpers even posted pictures of shoe string fries that they have ordered from here. however apparently the fries that came out looked like regular sized fries. when i asked the server stated yes they are shoe string fries. i must be born yesterday! for reals that was strike number one! . . *we ordered a holsteins beef $12. the menu said tiny bun. which makes us think its a small burger. comes to find out that what they meant by that is sliders. when asked. the waitress stated: it was all they had. seriously. thanks for the heads up! honestly, good service= please brief your customers on what they are ordering. especially when you have asked them if it was their first time and their answer was yes. lacked in flavor. nothing that made me go YUM or OoOoooo. mcdonald's have better burgers.. . *bucket of buffalo wings $13. one of the worst wings i've had as well. tyson frozen buffalo wings are even better than this. this item was not even finished. if you order this ask for a side of buffalo sauce to dip it in. . . observation: . . saw staff standing around talking by the register thing. made me think of resturant stakeout. i wished he would've been recording the staff because that's totally unprofessional.. . thoughts:. *love the unique decor. its really cool. . *service was just poor. i even left a comment on their comment card.. *never coming back! . *overly priced items.. *presentation wise was decent. . . tips:. *credit card and cash accepted.. *tons of seating area. they just might not have enough staff so they'll make you wait awhile.. *there's a bar area.. *located in the cosmopolitan hotel.
I had the Nom Nom Burger- it was okay, that's about it.  I think I might have enjoyed a quarter pounder with cheese slightly more.  I had the onion rings- they tasted pretty good, but I was immediately ill after eating them.  No one else I was dining with got sick and I was the only one to eat onion rings- maybe the batter was bad, but I had an immediate date with the bathroom.. . Otherwise, the service was slightly less than what I expect in Vegas and the restaurant was incredibly loud.  I know, this makes me sound old and cranky, but the noise factor made the dining experience less than pleasurable.  I probably wouldn't go back.
Very disappointed with our meal and the service. It's a new menu so there are kinks to be worked out, but it besides the beef the burger was a mess. Also, my drink was screwed up. I was willing to put up with the noise and crowd but they've really fallen off their game.
Sub-par service and food for being inside the Cosmo.  I ordered the Big Fat Greek (lamb) and it was dry.  Perhaps they knew this was an issue because it was dressed with waaaaay too much stuff.  All I could taste was olive.  Our server seemed more interested in chatting with her coworkers than refilling our drinks.  I would have given them just one star but the graffiti art and fried calamari were just good enough to help boost the rating, but not nearly enough to convince me to go back again.
I had no expectations walking into this place. All I know if this looked like an expensive burger joint so I'm ready to swamp an above average burger down my throat and wash it down with a shake. . . Food: . We had a group of 15-16 people. We all literally ordered the same thing. The burger just didn't taste good...and it was overcooked. No I didn't ask for them to change my order and medium rare my piece of meat because I don't think that would have mattered. . . Only exception to the food/drinks was the chips and dip they served. . . Service: . Service was decent thoughthe waitress appeared flustered to take our orders. You're in Vegas woman get use to it! J/k I'm really not a jerk, but seriously you're in Cosmopolitan and across from one of the hottest clubs in town. Work FASTER. . . Environment: . Felt like an expensive burger joint in here. Need I say more? . . Price: . Didn't pay...but I'm sure it was overpriced. . . Food: 2. Service: 3. Environment: 4. Price: N/a but it I had to guess I'd give it a 3
It's expensive, and in my opinion, not really worth the money.. . We got the lobster mac 'n cheese, alcoholic tiramisu shake, funghi, and rising sun burger. . . The lobster mac 'n cheese was good, with nice chunks of lobster and a creamy but still liquid pasta sauce (and campanelle pasta! nice touch), but there was just so little of it. It came in the same small, shallow cast iron dish that their dips came in (as we saw at the other table), and for a price of $17, too steep for my mac 'n cheese wallet.. . The alcoholic tiramisu shake was not very noticeably alcoholic. And the shakes themselves are pretty much the same price as their burgers, but we just figured go big or go home. It was pretty delicious and a bit too sweet when it melted and tasted like liquefied tiramisu, which was the closest thing to refreshing when I got sick of all the savory orders.. . The funghi was moderately disappointing, the not-disappointed side mainly because I was hungry.. It consisted of a beef patty, roasted portabello mushroom, carmelized onion, truffle oil, gruyere cheese, frisee as vegetation, and aioli...what type, I'm not completely sure. It was $16.50, pretty large and beefy, with a meaty portabello...but still, a bit bland for my palate...there wasn't much sha-zam in the burger, mushroom afficionado or not.. . The rising sun burger was supposed to be the showstopper...the idea of it sounds absolutely ingenious, and I was initially very excited for it. Built of a Kobe beef patty, teriyaki glaze, nori furikake, crispy yam, spicy mayo and tempura avocado, it sounds like someone took a delicious burger and prepared it with a Japanese pantry. And the individual points were all present with the burger, but I felt like the burger was overwhelming my salty and sweet taste buds. The teriyaki glaze was way too much, either too sweet and salty or too much sheer quantity for the burger. The nori furikake was actually kind of salty too, which disillusioned me from furikake for a while...the tempura avocado was soggy and the batter, too thick and not crispy. Which I guess happens when you deep fry and avocado and then stuff it between a huge slab of ground beef and a tower of toppings. After finishing it I felt the need to chug my glass of water...so the burger cost me $17 and an extra trip to the bathroom.. . In foresight of these issues, we ordered two sides of raw onion...very nicely, thinly sliced, in a way that let it melt in your mouth so that you only tasted the sweetness of the onion, but yet it was a full indisputable bite of onion. Delectable. Those onions were a side dish to everything that night, they just seemed to make everything better.. . Holstein's is alright, you know? It really has some great concepts with the creative gourmet burgers and alcoholic milk shakes, but a little better execution would be valued. I'd give it a 2.5 - 2.7 stars if I could, mostly due to the steep prices for what was a semi-disappointing meal.
More often than NOT I agree with the Yelp Rating but Not for Holstiens. I do note what I tried might have differed from what others had. I am Not saying Holsteins is a bad burger as it was OK and Good but for a high priced burger I was expecting the beef  patty a full fat one to taste better with more flavor and juice than when I cook a 93% lean burger at home.. . I got the Fungi Burger. I was expecting more mushrooms than onions but it was mostly onions that were very good I add. I upgraded the aged sirloin beef to wagu style since I buy this meat once in a while and it's very good. My burger was juicy enough but did lack flavor. I was expecting it to taste really good and beefy. I liked the study well sized bun but my sweet potato fried seemed old.. . My husband had a dry aged sirloin burger with bacon , goat cheddar cheese and arugula. He had to send back his bun because it was hard as a rock. We laughed about it with the waiter and got a new one fast. His medium rare burger was lacking in taste and was oddly juiceless. He complained to me and said it's not as tasty or juicy as your 93% lean burgers you make at home.. . That's how it was.  expensive and we had better.. . But I note service was excellent.
located in the hustle bussel of the cosmopolitan. this place would be busy whether it is good or bad. . . **the steakhouse burger- Beef Patty Crusted With Black Pepper, Holsteins Creamy Steak Sauce, Marmalade Onions, Tomato Confit, Wild Mushrooms, Swiss Cheese. When they say "crusted with black pepper" they were not kidding. this "black pepper" was like crushed pepper corn covering every inch of the cheese slice. you must love black pepper to be able to enjoy this burger. it was quit yummy. . **the fun-ghi- Beef Patty, Roasted Portabello, Carmelized Onion, Truffle Oil, Gruyere, Frisee, Aioli. nothing special to note about this burger. you could smell the fragrance of the truffle oil which i love, but the flavor wasn't strong. i love black pepper so i liked the steakhouse burger better and it seemed more juicy.. . of note. they don't take reservations on the weekend. but the plus side is that when you put your name down they will text/call you when your table is ready and give you about 10 minutes to respond before they give it away.. . i've been here two times and both times the food didn't live up to the hype. the burgers are quite expensive. coming out to around ~$23 per person with tax and tip for just the burger entree, nothing extra, no drinks etc. that is QUITE expensive for a burger and fries in my book. and this isn't anything fancy. to my knowledge (i could be wrong) its not grass fed organic meat or anything. i probably won't be back due to the cost but might stop by to try a milkshake.
I wanted to like this place... but i really didn't. the "bam-boozled" red velvet shake was pretty great though! we had some jalapenos wrapped in bacon appetizers and those puppies nearly made me pass out. stay away if you cant handle spicy. im mexican and i am suppose to handle this sort of crazy, but i failed. the burger was "aight". i feel like the patty could have had 110% more flavor. the waiters were very pleasant.
We had a subpar meal, but the most disappointing part were the burgers.  Not a good sign, you know, for a burger place.... . Milkshakes were extremely bad - to the point where none of the four of us finished even half.  Hershey's syrup in a cup, that's the best way to explain it.. . The burgers were frozen hockey pucks.  You're better off at In N Out if you want anything that resembles fresh ingredients.  . . Points for service and the appetizers, which were mediocre, but the best of our meal!. . Alternate Reco: BurGR (excellent) or BLT Burger if you want the milkshake + burger combo.  Enjoy!
I ordered the Billionaire burger with sweet potato fries. I had high hopes from the reviews and was anxious to try a burger with foie gras. How can a burger that cost $28 with foie gras let me down? Unfortunately it did.. . Worth a try, but I wouldn't be back.. . The highlight of my meal: the sweet potato fries.
Over priced food and rude staff. As a local I won't be back.
Was very disappointed with this place. We ordered the Gold Standard burger and the Nom Nom burger. I don't know if the kitchen was just super lazy that day or out of it already at 6pm, or what, but they forgot the bacon on the Gold Standard, and they forgot the thousand island dressing on the Nom Nom burger. They also literally just put a few dots of cheddar cheese in the Nom Nom burger. The only thing I enjoyed was the buffalo chicken dip.
With the caveat that I didn't have a burger the two times I was here (but tried a number of apps and shakes), this place is typical for an eatery at a big Vegas hotel - adequate, never a bad meal, but you will never be blown away in any fashion (my humble person opinion - every meal in Vegas at a high end hotel is basically just a facsimile of the better version you can get at the restaurant's SoCal or NY location).. . I came here twice on a recent bachelor party.  Once for milkshakes, and once for apps before our flight home.  The (boozy) milkshakes were very good.  I had the "Fat Boy" (UV Candy Bar Vodka, Reese's, Pretzels, Sprinkles, Chocolate-Caramel Popcorn).  A friend had the Vegan Maple Pecan shake (Almond Milk 'ice Cream', Jack Daniel's, Spiced Pecans, Maple Caramel Sauce).  Both were delicious, although if you are really in the mood for something sweet and creamy, the vegan shake probably won't hit the spot (the sort of "earthy" taste of the maple and almonds doesn't give you the same satisfaction as real ice cream).  The booze was barely detectable, however (I would've liked at least just a little taste, to know I was drinking something alcoholic).. . The next day we came back for onion rings, chicken fingers, buffalo chicken dip, and surf and turf quesadillas.  I had a bloody Mary, which was good, but after three days of drinking, the shrimp on top was NOT appetizing.  The apps were all meh - not bad, but not great.  I was expecting something more from the "Southern fried" chicken fingers, but they basically tasted like something I could get from Roy Rogers.  Dip was good, but again, didn't really taste fresh made or have that "pop" I was expecting when I read the menu description.. . We sat in the front every time we came here, so I can't comment on the rear seating area, but I will say this - there is incredibly loud music with a heavy bass beat that is just not palatable.  . . All told, try the shakes.  Maybe try the burgers (can't comment directly, but I wouldn't be optimistic based on the other food).  Apps are basically TGI Friday's quality.
Okay so I went to this place twice while on my weekend trip.  First time was late night because we could not wait 30 minutes to be seated and then order...  So we came back and sat down, looking forward to shakes and stuff.  We come to find out that shakes are not served late night.  Why be called "Holsteins Shakes and Buns"?  So I order two drinks... $30 later.  I was highly disappointed.. . Came back the next day for lunch.  We did not receive any popcorn like the other tables... Is that saying something?  We ordered shakes, fries, and wings.  Nothing else looked that appetizing.  Yeah my shake packed a kick but was soooo overly sweet- cremee brulee.  My sister got the oreo- it tasted good.  The wings were alright and the fries were a mixture of soggy and burnt.  How does that happen?  . . We somehow lost our waitress, it was not that busy either.  No water to start with and then after that no refills.  . . I think next time I will just make my own adult milk shakes for a fraction of the cost.  Though thumbs up for creativity- the art work with the little piggy is cute.  I wish I could give better stars and a better review but not this time.
After reading many reviews, I decided to make this burger joint one of our many food stops during our Vegas trip.  We got fried pickles for an app, two milkshakes, frozen grasshopper and vanilla malt, and the Billionaire and the Rising Sun. . . The fried pickles were okay; nothing to rave about.  The Billionaire burger was good, but not worth 28 dollars good.  If I'm paying 28 dollar for a burger, I'm expecting a wow factor with the burger, but the burger was just "good."  . . The Rising Sun was kind of gross.  The whole thing just tasted weird because of the  teriyaki sauce.  . . Save your money and go to Bacchanal or something.
I hate to say it because I love finding a good burger and this place seemed promising (recommended by a friend), but this place only offered a mediocre burger, fries, and shakes. This was a sad attempt at a gourmet burger and how does one fail at making a delicious milk shake? I mean...really?!? Because Vegas sucks the money out of you anyway, do not waste your money here.
Rising sun burger-teriyaki too sweet . Sweet potato fries decent, but same ol' same ol'.. El machete-no heat, no flavor except pepper jack cheese. Meat by itself wasn't that tasty.. Buffalo chicken dip was more cheesy than buffalo-y. Had better and have made better.. Onion rings-whatever. . Too many good burger joints in Vegas to come back here.
You suck Holsteins! You have kids meal sizes and food is not really worth the price. I can go to McDonald's and get better milkshakes. I shall not be back.
All the locals recommended this place as one of the best burger places in town.. . The ambiance and decor is nice but the food was just OK. What we had:. . 1. Turkey sliders - good. 2. Lobster Rolls - good. 3. Earth Burger - good. 4. Non alcoholic milkshakes - good. 5. Sweet potato fries- meh. . They start you off with a small pail of popcorn. And then they bring your shakes and then the food takes a long time in coming. Our lunch for 4 came to $96 with tip. . . If you go, you are going more for the experience and the ambiance rather than the quality of the food. Good to try once but you can certainly find better.
Just ok...poor fries, onion rings too breaded and burger was average at best... Head to In n Out , you'll be better off and have an extra $80 in ur wallet ... Seriously $101 for 3 burgers!!! Shake was excellent ...
