Tropicana is a Casino Hotel that literally lost it and now is trying to regain some credibility.  This casinowas in such bad shape it was scary to even ride the elevator to your floor.  Now they have remodeled the hotel from the ground up.  Not to be critical but a fresh coat of white paint and replacing 70s light bulbs with led lights and changing out the carpet doesn't necessarily seem like that much of a "remodel.". . This place looks very bright and inviting now with a fresh coat of paint and updated lights.  They changed out the carpet throughout but the elevators are still scary to ride in.  This paint and carpet was needed at least 10 years earlier.  This is better than the Hooter's Hotel but not by much.  Decent size casino, the buffet fine, and the place is much brighter than even 2 years ago.  They also jacked up their prices and even though it's still cheap...You get exactly what you paid for.. . This is still a solid 2 star barely a notch above Hooters or a Super 8.  This hotel would be more comfortable in Downtown next to the HorseShoe, California Hotel, and the rest of the old school vegas hotels.
So last January I made the mistake of staying with my friends at the Tropicana. Ok so we get the the Tropicana check in and everything is fine. Me and my wifey had our own single bedroom. So we go up to the 15th floor what luck our room is right next to the elevator which is a super plus! Little did we know that when we swiped our card through the door what was in store for us... Ok so I have to give the tropicana points for doing a great job with the remodeling it is very nice. A big downer was the room not being clean.. luckily my wifey is a neat freak so she jumped all over it. Some towels were dirty so we pushed those aside and made due. Glasses were spotty didn't even look like they were washed. There were long black hairs on the bed. Luckily we just checked in so the wifey couldn't get crazy. lol. Everything else was ok just really lame that we had to clean up before we got there. Thankfully the slot gods made my trip worth while!
under construction. will need to go back when the new pool area is finished
Yes, yes. The place is being renovated, much better than the old one..... . The good points: location is convenient and the rooms are indeed well furnished and large. I also have to admit being impressed by how friendly our dealers were. . . However, the bad far outweighs the good, at least for my taste and for the price of a stay. . . First, the gambling floor is still fairly small by vegas standards. Two craps tables, and a dozen assorted tables surrounded by the obligatory slots. Perhaps more floor space will open after the next phases of renovation complete, so this is just an FYI. . . Also an FYI is making absolutely sure that you get room details in writing. Instead of a room in the main tower with a view of the strip, we ended up in the back tower, with a view of the airport. . . Worse though is the what the renovation didn't touch. The rooms have been refurnished, but apparently the plumbing hasn't. While the oversize tub is nice, the fixtures were old and shaky, the caulking moldy in places and my giant six foot frame had to make do with a shower head no higher than my sternum. We also got in our room to find the shower curtain half-removed and the A/C malfunctioning.. . Oh, the only eatery available was nikkis' cafe. While the food tasted very good, the service was woefully inefficient. . . Maybe once the whole renovation complete the tropicana will regain some of its old glory but, today, I recommend finding another hotel.
The Trop is finally getting some upgrades and renovations- and it's about time! Unfortunately, the inside of the casino is still terribly dated and small, especially with the white washed walls and floors with the red trim and the old old old old yellowy glass ceiling that clashes with everything else. It is however, cleaner than I expected it to be. I came here looking for some cheap games but they are comparable to places like the Luxor, which is way more convenient to me, since I stay at Mandalay Bay whenever I'm in Vegas.. . This place is old, people, and it has a lot of history, so why not show it some love and respect and give it a proper renovation?
Don't expect a whole lot while construction is going on. Musky rooms, AC didn't work in our room, couldn't cover up at night without sweating. Front desk was NO HELP! Came here on our honeymoon and as a Vegas first timer-I'm not so sure we'll ever come back, and if we do we won't step foot in this hotel! Spend a little more and go elsewhere, heck spend a little less and get a nicer room somewhere else! Don't count on housekeeping here either-our room wasn't cleaned for 2 days! We even called and told them several times and still didn't have anyone come clean! Not to mention every morning we've been here they've been tinting windows at 7:30! Ridiculous! I read good reviews and was very excited to stay here but I've never been so dissatisfied.. . Update: We finally spoke to the "right" person about our troubles and he had us moved to a different room. Only problem is the room (though slightly larger with a slightly better view and no more musky smell) had a horribly stained bath/shower and... Was 78 degrees when it was set on 60, just kept blowing hot air! We thought it might be the hotel so we gave it about 30 minutes before calling back. We were again moved, this time to a room they told us is called an "island suite" just down the hall from our 2nd room. View isn't great, but the AC works! There's no tub, which is slightly disappointing, but with 1 night left it doesn't really matter. Even with the upgraded room, the experience was still unpleasant. I guess it's comforting to know they will put a small effort in to keeping guests comfortable after they complain.. . Oh and don't bother with Savmore Car Rental-we had a coupon for 20% off (that came from the Tropicana coupon booklet!) and were told we can't use it. $250 for a small chevy cobalt for 3 days with 150 miles/day limit, would have been cheaper to taxi where we needed to go.. . I will say the bell boy that came to help us move to our second room was very pleasant, I didn't catch his name though. Also, the 2nd time we had to move, after waiting 20 minutes for the new keys, we received a call asking if we'd been given them yet and had a chance to view the new room. That was nice, the keys arrived shortly after the call.. . Check out update:We were given $40 to use at Nikki Cafe when we checked out and our resort fee was removed. Though the experience started pretty bad and it took a few days to get it right, they did try to repair the damages once we complained a few times.
I just returned from Vegas and chose to stay at the Tropicana because they just remodeled the hotel and had great deals on the rooms.  The first room my family and I checked in to was nice.  It was a club suite and had two rooms and a comfy bed, but having paid for a suite, I assumed the suite would come with the standard amenities that most suites come with; such as a bath tub.  Having a 2 year old, bath time is huge.  We were surprised to find this huge two room suite lacked a tub and even more surprised to find that the staff wasn't even aware of the fact that this room only came with a shower.  The shower was nicely tiled at least.  Our view was of the airport so we asked if we could get a room with a better view of the strip and a tub and got moved to another tower.  The upside of the room: closer to the entrance (the other room was way in the back past the pool.  Closer to Hooters than the front entrance) AND we had a much bigger room and better view. (Although our view was obstructed by the huge sign advertising the new Tropicana)  Our disappointment comes with the fact that there were panties from previous (not sure how previous) guests left in the room, and it looked dirty.  The tub was gross and even though the room was a very nice size, the tub was what you would find in a standard motel 6.  I'm not looking for a jacuzzi tub, but when the upgraded room feels more like a downgrade I have reason to complain.  I was also unimpressed with the restaurants available... there are only 2 restaurants to visit, one is only open at night which leaves either Starbucks, the little food court with 2 or 3 options to choose from or the Cafe.  I decided to try the cafe for breakfast and ended up leaving because they only offered a $20 buffet.  After my husband complained about our stay to the front desk he received a comp for the Cafe.  We decided to take advantage of our comp and headed to the buffet.  What a DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!  The options were lacking (great fruit selection, pancakes, omelet station, pastries, bacon, eggs, potatoes, sausage) in comparison to all the other amazing buffets around town.  I would have been so upset if I had paid for the buffet.  Service was alright, but nothing superior.  The last complaint I have was the temperature of the pool... the water was cold.  Even on a 96 degree day, it was cold.  Not refreshing at all.  My son loves to swim and was shivering and crying the entire time, complaining that the water was too cold to  play in.  Overall, I was completely disappointed and will not be returning to the Tropicana.
Their new slogan of "We're changing everything" apparently doesn't apply to the attitudes of their valets. I had the unfortunate displeasure of dealing with two of them on two separate occasions during our stay and they were ultimately unpleasant. This really detracted from my opinion of this place. Otherwise this could have been a 3-4 star review. . . Everything else about the renovation is great. The rooms are clean and modern. The casino looks great. Didn't try any of the restaurants. The pool looks amazing too.
The Tropicana is a small hotel compared to everything else on the strip. The facelift included tropical themes and a full assault on the senses. (Dang that coconut smell!) While the rooms are pretty, the hotels amenities and features leaves much to be desired.. . +1 for decor: The entrance is really bright. It is definitely smaller compared to the other hotels on the strip. The casino is smaller and is quite intimate. I actually like this feature because the smoke is lighter compared to the heavily crowded casinos such as MGM's. . . +2 location wise, it is at the other end of the strip. It is away from the noise--and the attractions such as Hard Rock Cafe and Miracle Mile Shops. So if you're in town to wine and dine plus gamble a bit, then this is the place for you. But if you're the in the clubbing crowd, then this is not the best place to stay. . . -2 for features and amenities: That coconut smell will ASSAULT you as soon as you enter. It made me very dizzy the first time as it mingled with the smoke. Of all the tropical scents out there, coconut--really? They couldn't have picked like ocean scent breeze or something LIGHTER? . . Our room didn't come with a fridge. That made me sad as we were hoping to keep some water cool in the room. The ice also melted way too fast. Otherwise, the room was actually pretty decent. There is a definitive tropical theme. . . Over 5'10? Get ready to duck in the shower. It is too low.. . The toiletries SUCKED. I guess it wasn't part of their $180M budget. See, if you didn't bring your own toiletries, then be prepared to smell EXACTLY LIKE the Tropicana for the rest of your stay. I guess that one of the ways they are promoting the hotel is to make everyone on the strip aware of the coconut scented patrons. Yuck.. . Don't count on getting any drinks OR food poolside--the cocktail waitresses we have encountered in our 4 day stay kept on one side and chatted with each other the entire time. . . +1 for the front end staff we have encountered. The people at the doors were lovely. Very helpful and polite.
"Announcement: We're Changing Everything! Our $180 million transformation is near completion.". . Yeah, they kind of need it. Very plain and boring, but it is very clean. The low ceilings were really awkward. Location is not ideal, as it's far away from all the good clubs. . . Disclaimer: I did not stay here, just strolled through and explored.
While the renovations are nice everything else is still crappy. . . - The service sucks. The line to check in took forever. . . - My swim shorts went missing after housekeeping came by. I figured they got thrown in with the laundry, which is understandable. No one was of any help getting them back. We called and each department would just transfer us to the other department. I finally went to the hall and found a housekeeping person who spoke English. She said they had seen my shorts and would bring them back. They never did. . . - It was 110 degrees. And they were pumping hot water into the pool. That was just inexplicable. . . - The front desk told us the club would be open sunday night and it wasn't.
First of all, it's Vegas so an awesome trip no matter what.  We just returned from a 3 day stay at the Tropicana and I must say, I probably won't go back.  We definitely had fun, but man do they need to get it together!  Check in is at 3:00.  We got there at noon so went straight to the pool as to notwaste a minute.  Went back to the check in at 3:00 - nothing.  4:00, same thing.  By 5:00 we all we needed was to know our room number so that we could sign our bill to the room  - still more apologies than results.  Whatever.... we eventually got into our room to shower and head out for the night.. . I'll fast forward to our dining experience.  We (me, my husband and another couple) went to the Italian restaurant with our mouths drooling after perusing the menu.  Long flight, drinks poolside, sun, heat - we were ravenous and looking forward to a great meal.  The menu items at this place looked outstanding.  I'm sure the food is great as well but we will never know.  We ordered, but after 90 minutes of waiting for our food we were among 4 other tables that had to abandon ship.  It was clear to me that this place is way understaffed.  At this point I've gotten more apologies from the Tropicana than calories.. . I would be remiss if I didn't single out the 2 people at the Tropicana that could bring me back - not to stay (never again) but to hang out.  Emma was our server at the pool.  I don't know where to begin.  Was it the outstanding, friendly, fun, attention to detail, 5 star, experience that she provided?  Was it the fruit basket, chips and salsa, I-reserved-you-a-cabana-even-though-you-never-even-asked, service that she provided?  I don't know but that girl is sure to be going places.  Then there's my girl Cindy!!  She's a cocktail server in the casino with a personality that outshines them all!  She was fun, funny, helpful, sweet, attentive, fast - everything an employer would worship in their employee!  She made our nights so fun.. . I'll end with a 5 star review of the steak house, Biscayne.  We live in Chicago and go out at least a couple of nights a week, so I definitely have a lot of experiences to compare this place to.  I ordered the Prime Rib, which is something I haven't had in years but it looked appealing so I decided to give it a try.  This wound up being one of the best meals that I've had in years - and we had a phenominal meal at the Paris the night before so that's saying something!. . So I guess the fundamentals are there, but the Tropicana needs to refocus on infrastructure.  It seems to me they have a solid foundation with good people, just not enough of them.  Seriously?  Two Craps tables and 6 Black Jack tables?  No Lounge?  And this is Vegas??
Right from check in, it was off to a rocky start. We chose to stay here after a negative experience in February, hoping that the renovation had done them some good...not entirely. We were given a room upgrade, which really was a downgrade considering we booked for two beds and the upgrade had a hide-a-bed. Wet back down to request a room with two beds and got moved to the back end of the far convention tower. Sat on it but then requested AGAIN to be moved, back to where we were SUPPOSED to be in the first place. Got attitude from the front desk agent, ran over by another angry guest an her suitcase who was trying to get up the front STAIRS with her bags (are there bellmen here?) and then made it to the room to have a shower. The tub didn't drain at any rapid rate. We later removed the screw in plug to find the drain full of other guests' hair *gag*!  . Later in the evening, it was felt that our air conditioner wasn't very cold and called maintenance. Waited over 45 mins before phoning the front desk and they promised once again, to send someone up. When he arrived, the Poor guy had to remove a filthy air filter and change it out in front of us, in order to get it circulating. He was rather polite!  Thanks Mike!  However, it still didn't fix the fact that you can't make the room and cooler than 60degrees. . The restaurants are more than hidden, the nightclub was closed when we went to look at it at 11pm and getting a cab at the main entrance was non existing. Took a quick walk to the MGM and within seconds, were on our way. . . Keep renovating, Tropicana...you have a REALLY long way to go!. (I wrote this from my bed of room 1722 where I have the pleasure of spending two more, warm nights)
Not much to say about this place.   Its pretty old school , tons of old people .  Seemed expensive for what it had to offer .  $165 for a Saturday night.    The only good thing was that it wasn't crowded , but that's not always a good thing when you're in Vegas.   Pool totally sucks.   Our room seemed like light years away from the lobby too.   I probably never go back.   Why would I ?  I guess there IS a lot to say about this place .   I had it at 3 stars before I started writing this , but I guess I talked  myself into giving it 2.    I would recommend the Mirage over this place.   Nicer and cheaper.
I stayed here for a conference and I would probably not stay here again. Yes, the price is reasonable but the location and design of the building is horrible. It took me a really long time to find my room from the main entrance because the design's like a maze. Costumer service was horrible too. The meeting rooms were large but they had problems with the air vent so the rooms were freezing, like you were in a freezer. My room felt like a sauna everyday before I had to turn on the AC. I think overall, they have issues with the vents. They are making a new Spa and that looks promising.
My visit here is out of date because I was here four years ago. First of all, when we first came, the manager gave us a smoking room. When my family didn't want a smoking room we complained. The manager claimed they had no more rooms and that we would have to stick to the room. Eventually my dad argued and we finally got a better room. The manager lied in front of our faces. The room was quite dirty, not really luxurious. The pool was pretty good, quite crowded though. Just save up your money for the cleaner, truthful, and more luxurious hotels in Las Vegas.
A side note: I left two coats in the closet in the room, and I called the hotel and left a message with a description of the items for their lost and found. I even gave them the specific tower and room number, which leaves virtually no room for confusion. Yes, I recognize that it was my own dumbass fault for hanging them up and not checking the closet before we left, but I realized this a week later when I went to go wear my trench coat and it was missing... needless to say, when maid service went to clean the room, it had to have been PRETTY obvious that the two coats were there, and left there by mistake, but I got a call back that no items were recovered from the room.. . Yep. I'd say there's really no question of what happened to them.
Meh.. . Tropicana got a multi-million dollar renovation. By the looks of it, it definitely needed one badly since even after the renovation it was still kinda crappy. Don't get me wrong, parts of it were nice. The outdoor pool space looked like it was nice (though since it is closed during the winter time, it didn't make a difference for my stay - though they still do charge you that $14.95 resort fee anyways). The check-in counter area looked cool, with its white walls and colored lights. . . But I think that was about it. Our room was not much to write about. The renovations didn't make it to our bathroom, and probably didn't make it to other parts of our hotel room either (if it did, I really couldn't tell).. . You get what you pay for, right? Well, unfortunately we were there for Super Bowl weekend, which means we paid a lot, and got a little in return. To cap it off, when I called down to the front desk, I waited on the line for 5 minutes - and no one picked up. I tried again - waited for another 5 minutes - and then finally someone picked up. Oh, and it sounded like she was doing me a favor, picking up my call.. . Oh well. Better luck in Vegas next time.
I stayed at the old Tropicana a few years ago and was not impressed at all.  It was old, dated, and the staff really didn't care if you enjoyed yourself or not.  When I was booking a room for last weekend I read about the huge remodel and its new 4 star rating and thought I would give it a try.  When I got there I was greeted by a friendly valet and walked into a beautiful chic new lobby.  But that's where the new ended.  I was checked in by a front desk clerk that barely spoke to me.  Even when I was asking her about the new remodel, she would only answer in short sentences.  She did however advise me that there was a $26 per day resort fee however, the pool and fitness center were closed.  I don't get it, what was that fee for?  The use of the elevators perhaps?  When I got to my room I discovered that the windows were covered in this funny film with small holes in it so picture taking from the room was not possible and there were no curtains, just shutters that were difficult to open.  Possible so you don't see the old windows and only the new decor.  I the bathroom there is cheap home depot tile, which was already chipping and the old bath tub and shower enclosure surrounded by new wall paper and towel holders.   I certainly don't see where this supposed 4 star rating came from.  To me, on a good day, this is a 3 or 2 1/2 star at best.  This supposed multi million dollar remodel was the equivalent of putting a velvet hat on a pig.  Your money is best spent elsewhere.
They said that this hotel was newly renovated. So we went and booked a room at this hotel expecting that everything will be nice and new. . Arrival:. The valet employees were very friendly and even offered to assist us with our luggage but we declined because we didn't have that much.. Lobby:. The lobby was nice and clean. The staff at the counter was friendly as well. He asked us if we have any preference, so I told him we have 2. We would like to have a room for non-smokers and 1 king size bed. So he said "Okay". And kept on typing on his keyboard. Then he told us that our room will be on the 4th floor and gave us our key.. Room:. We went in with high expectations. The room smells nice and no smoke can be detected.  But we saw 2 queen size bed instead of king.  So we called the front desk and told us that there's no more king size bedroom for that night.  The original employee failed to mention it to us. Why not? I don't have a clue.. The bathroom tiles were very old, cracked, chipped, and not well maintained.  The bathtub has chips as well.  You can also see some water damage on the ceilings. And we noticed that there's only one shampoo, one conditioner, and one soap on the counter. Really? There are two beds!!! They only expect one person to stay there?. I set the A.C. to 60 deg F to cool the room down. It was still warm. The A.C. was not functioning as well as it should.. They said that the bed was comfortable. It was so hard, it's like sleeping on the floor.. . Seriously? And they want to charge a 4 star hotel price? Come on, give me a break.. It's a lie when they said that the hotel was newly remodeled. No way.
Well, it pains me to write such a bad review. I have been coming here alot since last year right after the renovations, and its been about 6 months since my last trip here.. There have been several things that have really turned me off, they are:. . Weak Air Conditioning in my room. Horrible WiFi. Buffet @ Beach Cafe now charges for toast.....I dont even know what to say.. . The last thing that really REALLY got me is that they decided to replace. The white granite flooring in the elevator this morning, and the jack hammers were kicking up granite particles which severely irritated my nose and eyes. . There was absolutely nothing in place to separate the workers from guests. . . I sure hope the Trop looks at things a little closer, and steps it up....last year i was blown away with the service and how enjoyable my stays were.....cant say the same now. Ill be back in a couple months so I hope things improve.
I want to like this hotel. I really do.  BUT after our first night here, I'm so irritated I can't. We have been looking forward to trying the new Tropicana. We got here around midnight yesterday after a 8 hour drive from San Diego due to a chemical spill causing delays. We were so exhausted and hungry. We went to the Cafe Beach, which I had high hopes for. Service was mediocre and slow, and the soup I had was lukewarm and the t-bone special my fiance ordered in "medium" came out well done and tough. We were too exhausted to complain and were happy to crawl into bed around 1am. The room is nicely decorated and clean, and we were so excited to finally be on vacation and to sleep in. Unfortunately we were woken a little after 5am by some loud workout session. And if it wasn't obnoxious enough to hear the instructor yelling "come on, Las Vegas, you can do it" and "Now let's do that again!" over and over, it's been going on for TWO HOURS! So after working, an exhausting 8-hour drive, and a lousy overpriced dinner, we are woken up 4 hours later by loud workout music and yelling. I called the front desk to change rooms and was told there are no rooms available, "It's just a 2-hour class and will be over by 7am" and "I'm surprised you can hear it" - are you kidding me?! I can hear every effin' word! How about a "So sorry, first time customer, that you're disturbed and woken early on your vacation. We will move you to a quieter room as soon as possible." I am in a sales role and appreciate the importance of good customer service, especially with a new customer. This was not that. I understand things happen but being told just to put up with it was pretty lousy. I would have offered earplugs, a move as soon as possible, maybe even an upgrade or breakfast to make up for my customer being disturbed. But no, I was told to check back this afternoon.. . The fact that I'm writing a Yelp review at 7am should tell you how annoyed I am by all this. By the way it's now 7:15am and I've been listening to loud music and some guy yelling "Here we go again! 1-2-3-4, let's go!" over and over for hours. Some vacation. I would have been better off staying at home or another hotel.. . This is just our first night of three. I really hope the other two are better, because so far, I'm really unimpressed and have no reason to come back. We come to Vegas about 6 times a year and don't think Tropicana will be a place we'll be back to.
There were 5 of us for a 21st birthday. I booked 3 rooms for 3 nights.  We valet parked so therefore the bellman brought our bags up to the room which took almost an hour!!.The next morning i realized my GHD flat iron and a brand new curling iron was missing, giving them the benefit of doubt I had my husband check the car to make sure it wasn't in there, and it wasn't. So going to the storage room where your stuff is supposed to be stored until they bring it to your room we noticed all along the front parallel to the entrance there were several carts with no one around the guys coming inside and out so very easy for someone to help themselves to your belongings which obviously they did. After filing a report it was basically my word against theirs well I guess you can figure out the rest! I've never been treated like this before  they got very defensive and offered no compensation whatsoever!! Also the food was hardly edible in the beach cafe and we tried twice! Once again the waiter was not attentive and worse yet when the manager came by she had the worst attitude. So not only did I pay the valet and the bellman (very well I might add) I paid them to have my belongings stolen and not even an apology  needless to say they will never get my business again!!
Pool closes at... well there is no sign, but it was closed by 7pm.  What is that resort fee for if this is just daycare?  Leave Vegas and try to find any "four star hotel" that closes the pool so early... never mind a place where the pool is the biggest selling point.. . I'm pretty sure even econolodge has a coffee pot in the room... at the Tropicana it is $20 a potful, ordered from room service.. . The Trop is a deep misunderstanding of what a four star hotel is supposed to be.
We received this room by booking on Hotwire.  We thought we were booking a 4 star room and apparently since the Tropicana was remodeled, it is now 4 stars. DISAGREE.  I would give the room a strong 3 stars but no more.  Room was clean, which was most important but nothing more than that.  One of the biggest frustrations was that there were NO BLACKOUT CURTAINS! After a long night, being woken up to the sunshining in the room at 6am was a bit frustrating to say the least and a main factor we wouldnt stay there again.
My wife and I along with another couple stayed over a weekend in November. At the time the check in desk area was in the middle of renovations. As were other parts of the hotel.. . My first complaint was that they put us in the second tower which is a long walk just to get to the casino, booze, fun etc. There is also no direct access to this tower from the parking lot. Pain in the arse!. . Our friends first room smelled of puke. So they moved them to another room. Fortunately only the bathroom smelled of vomit.. . The front desk employees had zero personality unless you consider "bitchy" a worthy personality trait. The rest of the staff were nice and seemed personable.. . The cost of the sodas in the vending machines made losing money at the Craps table seem inexpensive in comparison.. . Lastly, the parking structures looked like they were falling apart. There was literally a gap in the the road surface of the second floor of the garage that I could slip my arm through.. . If you are looking for a crash pad I guess the Tropicana will suffice. Otherwise, keep looking.
A lot of reviewers seem to like the Trop.  I guess it was OK but definately NOT a four star hotel.  It's clearly three stars.  Call a spade a spade, please. . . The hotel parking lot is accessable to anyone and is not secure.  Part of it should be secure and restricted to hotel guests only. Our car was vandalized and the security guys were clueless.  The hotel would not help with expense of replacing any of the damage even though we spent a ton of money in their restaurants and casino.. . If you go there, be sure to drive your cheap car.
If I based my review on only the room itself, I would probably the Trop 4 or 5 stars.  For a somewhat renovated hotel, it is what it is, and would probably be worth staying at again for the value.  But, since all of us Yelpers base our reviews on the entire experience, let me expand why the Trop only gets two:. . My sister and I were celebrating our birthday weekend in Veags (we're twins) and had booked a Saturday night at the Trop via an online deal.  Excited, since we've never stayed there before but knew it was this famous place on the strip, we looked into good food around the area, and what else we can do that was close.  Having stayed at other hotels not in the middle of the strip before, discovering that the Tropicana was much more south than what was ideal, we made the most of it and understood there would be some travelling in the car.  Okay, no problem.  We made dinner reservations further up the strip and booked show tickets at Planet Hollywood.  We were set.. . We arrive in Vegas around 1:30pm, and decide to have lunch first before checking in, since it was too early to do so and our lunch reservation was North Strip.  After lunch and some games, we head down a little bit after 4pm (check-in begins at 3), and that's when the trouble starts.  4pm, and our room wasn't ready?  Hmmm, okay, how long, we ask?  About 45 mins to an hour.  Ugh.. . So, we take whatever is available, which is a smoking room (we had reserved a non-smoking one), and as the woman is giving us our keys, we hear the party checking in next to us getting keys for their NON-SMOKING room.  What???  We ask, are there no other non-smoking rooms left, even if we upgraded?  No, she said.  Nothing we can do about it... can't wait an hour for the other room because we had show tickets... so we headed to our smoking floor and our smoking room.. . Which, brings us back to the beginning.  Smoking room wasn't bad.  Had a bit of a smell but once you get the air going, it didn't linger.  The room was clean and the beds were comfy.  And the HD TV actually had an HD signal.  Awesome.. . So, next time, when you book, call ahead to see if the room is ready, and if you are doing things in the middle of the strip, stay closer to where you'll be.  The Trop, as cool as it was to actually stay there, isn't worth the trouble (or the trouble parking in the small garage), and you'll most likely think you're getting your money's worth elsewhere.
On the surface, a not bad hotel. Not in a great location, not a big Vegas extravaganza, almost Kimpton in it's redesign. But don't let the surface details fool you-this is a varnished cardboard mock up of a nice hotel. All the details are as cheap as possible, and you'll be nickle and dimed in unexpected ways, and screwed to big dollars signs in the ways you'd expect.  And the spa? I walked put after being kept waiting for 25 minutes for my appointment, so I can't speak to the actual experience (that was the hotel's unforgivable moment). . Tropicana is lipstick on a pig. Expect nothing, and it's probably worth staying here
The newly remodeled casino is nice, and so glad they kept the famous old ceiling.  Craps had $5 min when I visited.  . So why the two stars?  Well, we had stayed here eons ago, liked it ok given the age of this place, and were drawn in to the 'your first $200 is on us' promotion.  Sounded too good to be true.  When we signed up, it still sounded too good.  The gotcha came after we tried to get our $200 losses - it is redeemed to you in forced play credits, i.e., the $200 is not handed to you, you have to cycle thru those credits again.  And given the lousy payouts on the slots, we came out very far in the red.. So avoid the deceptive promotion, and you might enjoy this place ok.  Me and my wife will never step foot in here again.
HIDE YOUR POSSESSIONS. .     I have been delayed in writing this, mainly to give it good thought and see how the Hotel resolved the issue. The problem is the staff lost or stole MY WEDDING SHOES. I am OCD- big time- in order to be an organized bride I kept everything in a huge box, perfectly, everything was in its place. Before leaving for the rehearsal I put everything in it's place to make the next day go smoothly. Bell hop arrived, my wedding box was banged the heck up, I had cute signs for family to carry down the aisle, they were torn and crinkled. Terrible.  After the rehearsal I returned to a turned down room. Everything looked in place. .      I awoke early the next day, went to lay everything out for the moms to see, the shoes were gone. We looked everywhere and called security. They said I forgot them...ummm no I didn't, The shoe box was empty in my car where I took the shoes out.  .     I will spare the drama, basically security accused me, said the cameras don't show any stealing (it's easy for bell service or maids to steal genius) I couldn't find a pair shoes hours before the wedding that would fit the length of my dress, all pictures waist down ruined, dress ruined, tripped going up and down the aisle.  I had to wear my nude rehearsal shoes..    Tropicana remedied the situation by giving me a two night stay after I called numerous times, if I call in advance and avoid "black out" dates. Great. I seriously believe they only did that because I am a born and raised Las Vegan and they realized I wasn't going away..     Shame on you Tropicana, I have been going to this hotel since I was 5, seriously, I have the pictures by your pool. As a local I see that Vegas is truly dying with this sub par service.  Who steals a brides shoes?  Pathetic- I hope they break your ankle.
My girlfriend I stayed here this past Christmas on a Groupon deal. The remodel looks great! Except our rooms did not. The bathroom floor tile was damaged and still dirty. The tub had stains and the floor had a Kool-aid-colored stain right at the entryway. The staff kindly moved us to a different room and refunded our resort fee, but the bathroom was still in pretty poor shape for a hotel that just remodeled, especially at their regular price I'd wager.. . I also didn't enjoy the fact that the hotel room didn't have any movie channels, not even HBO! Even a Motel 6 has HBO, and this lack definitely made me want to spend less time in the room and more time out of the hotel, rather than spending money in it.. . However, I enjoyed my time playing $5 Blackjack. I can't recall my favorite dealer there... Sam? John? A generic name like that. Very informative, patient with bets, and, best of all, I won a decent bit of money! (I might've not if I had listened to my partners at the table; never take gambling advice from old men.) The slots were less fun. Overly complicated with little payout to keep me interested.. . The restaurants closed early in the hotel, it seemed, during our stay. Not sure if this was because of the holiday season, but I was annoyed to find I couldn't order some relatively cheap food in the hotel.. . Also, the business center was closed! Despite the fact that the resort fee explicitly goes to pay for that sort of thing. Couldn't print out any directions, coupons, or ticket-vouchers for shows without paying five bucks at the regular computer stations near the front. Honestly, I felt gipped and was deeply disappointed by the staff's response to the situation. On the time in question, I called from a courtesy phone right next to the place to ask if someone could come by the business center so I could print some tickets and the lady called the desk even while I was standing right beside it! Then she BS'd me, saying that the business center is closed during Christmas even though no such notice was posted anywhere that it would be, and even after I saw people manning it the day we left!. . This is definitely a hotel to stay at only with a coupon. Otherwise, you're better off paying a little more for a place worth the price, or just staying cheap with a motel and spending your time outside on The Strip.
I was expecting a lot more from my stay at the Tropicana.  Check in was fast and all good, the room was dusty, you could see dust all over the tv and it looked like it hasn't been cleaned in a while.  Now the bathtub was leaking, called the operator to complain and they just told me that they were fully booked.  Ok, so we went out and when we came back, we went straight to bed...  Man !  We were on the eighth floor and I guess the windows are not very well insulated, you could hear all the sirens and police activities from the strip.. and to top it all, the heater/ac was extremely loud, every time it stoped it sounded like some wires or metal pieces were loose. I just couldn't sleep.    . . I wasn't impressed with the Tropicana Las Vegas at all !   Decorations were nice  on the hallway and the ceilings of the rooms...  The bathroom floor was old and dirty, didn't looked renovated to me...     . .  I wouldn't pay again to stay in this hotel.
Came and stayed for three nights, I don't think I'll be coming back. Firstly, upon entering our room we found fecal matter on the walls, yes, actual fecal matter. Disgusting! Second, we opted to pay the $10 fee/ day to rent a coffee maker but quickly realized it took at least 1 hour to get coffee in our rooms because the hotel staff delivered it very slowly. By the time you finally received your coffee making materials you no longer wanted coffee. It is ridiculous that we pay for this service and then wait an hour or more for coffee. The front desk staff listened to our complaints and really did nothing about it except take $20 off of our bill. I expected better especially after such a poor experience. If you value cleanliness and a quick and attentive staff do not waste your time here.
Not sure how to calculate the star rating on this. So, I'd write this up first before I click the star rating. The Las Vegas weather was in the 80s when we arrived. For a four-star hotel (I was told that it was), I expected too much when it comes to the rooms they offered. I was totally disappointed when the airconditioning inside our Club Tower room was not working. The lowest we could have was 60*F and there was no cold air blowing. The fan blowed out hot air. An aircondition system is a big factor for me when it comes to hotels. With it not working in our room, I had crappy sleep. It was not a very good experience. Uncomfortable. It made me grumpy, very bad. I thought I was the only one who experienced it. Most of our friends who stayed in the same hotel had the same thing. From March 15th to March 18th, my sleep was whacked. Four days of grumpiness. Less four stars.. . The room had no coffee maker and no refrigerator. They charge daily for a coffee maker. Wow. When I stayed in a different Vegas hotel, they had all those included. I shrug and shake my head on Tropicana. What they give you for free is a cookie. Who effin' needs a darn cookie? Free coffee is better!. . I also expected so much when it comes to their restaurants, but this hotel didn't offer much that my husband and I had to go to a different hotel just to eat. One Italian and one steakhouse, and they were open late afternoon. Their Beach Cafe and food court were a joke, seriously. We should've stayed in a different hotel where there's better airconditioning, better restaurants and probably better casinos. . . I think the phrase, "You get what you pay for," applies to this hotel. The rooms are cheap. You get everything else as cheap. I shouldn't complain, right? Sheesh.. . They do have great baggage boys. They deserve the stars in my book. . . Honestly, I won't check-in here again. Unless, they fix their a/c. But then, they couldn't really fix their restaurants. Oh well...
Stayed here on 03/29 - 03/31/2013.. I really want to give this hotel 1.5 stars, but whatever, I'll be nice. . . Pro's. . - Decent price for a hotel on the strip.. - They let us check in early (10am) without extra charge. Pretty BIG deal if you just got done driving for hours and want to rest before starting your day. . - Spacious room.. - Very friendly and helpful valet and it's FREE.. - Free chocolate chip cookies upon check in. The cookies were quite tasty too.. - Starbucks on site. . - Pretty good brunch buffet. Decent price as well - $19.99. $24.99 includes unlimited mimosas.. . Con's. . - Some of the fixtures in the hotel room were broken.. - The flush in the bathrooms are LOUD. So loud, that I can hear it whenever our neighbors flush theirs.. - Paper thin walls. I heard EVERYTHING my neighbors were doing. (If you know what I mean). - Never had an available waitress for the complimentary drinks while gambling. . - The waitresses were my grandma's age and they were dressed SO inappropriately. . - Bell boys were EXTREMELY RUDE and told my partner and I that "guests may not use the bell hop carts" So what are they there for??? Decorations?. - We were rudely stopped upon entering the pool area. The young lady asks for our room keys without telling us why AND asks to check my purse. REALLY?!. - No in-room fridge.. - Security guard tries to open our hotel room door FOR NO REASON and without knocking first... startling my partner and I out of our sleep. RIDICULOUS.. - Air filters in our hotel room clearly needed to be changed. They were disgusting. I was wondering why I was sneezing and coughing so much.... . . Worst hotel I've ever stayed at. Will not be staying here again. and YOU shouldn't either. Spend a little bit more and stay somewhere else! ANYWHERE else for that matter.
This used to be good, until i got a room that was well.. Musty in odor and no Wi-Fi. . I found a bug in my room.... Well, that was not a good experience. . . It could be better...
We stayed in a non-smoking deluxe room in the Club Tower in April 2013. We could hear very clearly people talk thru the locked door connecting the 2 rooms. We heard people checking into the room at about 2 am., then room service being delivered, etc. etc. The bathroom needs fixing - broken grout, toilet bowl that "rocks" when you sit on it, loose plumbing. The bed mattress did not seem level as it was bumpy, maybe just old. Everything else was OK - the view of the pool area and Stripe was nice. We were glad when we left as we did not enjoy our stay in the hotel, mainly because we were very aware of strangers in the next room and we did not sleep well at night as it was noisy.. . There was a compulsory $20 resort charge to use the pool, get wifi in room, and not sure for what else.
Nothing really stood out or impressed me about this place.  Okay for a night or two. We were in town for a concert. It is on the same side of the strip as the MGM.   Only way to walk north on strip is to go through MGM.  What a disaster.  Constant construction that makes you weave your way up and down escalators, through the hordes of people at MGM and under scaffolding above the sidewalks.  Though it's not a fault of Tropicana, it was a pain to deal with.. . The room was simple.  Expected amenities.  However, our sink backed up and we had to call for service.  He arrived timely, but he left a mess on the floor. The shower was weak-barely any hot water.  My wife was not happy. :(   They put the light switch behind the bathroom door, lousy planning. And the curtains were kind of cheesy. And the wallpaper was ugly and old.. There was no fridge and no micro. Bummer.. And since my wife loves TV, we were quite disappointed in the service. Reception kept going out, channel selection was crappy and the remote was old.  Couldn't figure out the channel numbers.. Small sportsbook.  And there were protestors outside the hotel in the valet area.. We decided we wanted to stay in Vegas another night and asked about available rooms on a Monday night.  They were booked. And reception told us if there were an opening, it would be triple the price we paid on Hotels.com.  Are they kidding? For this hotel?  On a Monday?. Will not stay here again.
Stayed here in 2009 for my honeymoon. The floor must have been flooded before got the room. The carpet was squishy, it smelled stale/moldy, and when we complained about it we got nothing but flack. After encouraging someone to come to our room to check it out they finally believed us but there was 'nothing we could do". I tried to not let it affect me so we just stayed out of the room other than to sleep and I wore shoes the entire time I was in the room so that I didn't have feel the squish between my toes. Super gross.... won't be coming back- . . I give it two stars because the rest of the hotel was fine... but it is by far one of the most boring hotels on the strip-
The music was really loud by the pool, I could hear it from my room on the 14th floor, I prefer the night club action at the night club.  Their gaming promotion, first $200.00 on them, is very misleading, very very misleading....  The gaming machines are tight, don't mind losing if I can at least play a while.
Booked a 3 night stay at the NEW Tropicana on EDC weekend. I choose the Tropicana even though it is one of the oldest properties on the strip. I still remember staying there and watching the Follies Brougere' show so many years ago. Since it was EDC weekend I chose to use points for a free room and save the $400 per night at the Venetian. . . Parking / Valet was a mess, could not find my car first time out. Self parking is outside and on the side of the property not very safe.. . Bellman was terrible. The bellman a big older guy hates his job and didn't want to take the bags. Gave us serious attitude. Complained to the bell desk manager. Got a lot of lip service, about being busy. Bags took over an hour to get to the room. More lip service elevators were too full. . . Check-In was a breeze long line for regulars, but hotel guests and Hilton Honors members a quick short wait.. . Room was remodeled nicely, air conditioning working good and bed was comfortable. No refrigerator so called housekeeping to bring one up for $10. When it came up it was about as old as the Hotel and had so many dents on it looked like acne scars. It worked. New furniture, OLD plumbing, Toilet broke after first flush, called maintenance 3 times before several people and replaced the toilet tank. The bath tub drain took so long to drain, so showering was like standing in a half filled tub. . . Elevators are always full and slow. . . The only redeeming quality of the New Tropicana is the new pool and Beach Club and the Front Desk staff. Took off the additional charges at check out.
My favorite part was the part where they called it "The Tropicana" but really the theme was "buttholes." I figured it out when not one thing was shaped like a pineapple, but everything smelled like stale, lingering farts.. . Continuing on this theme, the TV remote does this super rad trick where it doesn't work. I can only assume this is an extension of the efforts made by the world famous Laugh Factory, located here in a desolate hall above a mostly abandoned lounge where you don't get a fridge or a microwave in your room, but you DO get confronted by some guy with bad hair and glasses every time you use the elevators. Luckily that TV works and doesn't need a remote! Remotes aren't funny! You know what's funny?! Excess charges for a pool area that smells like my grandma's house before she discovered Walmart carried glade candles!. . There's also a really hilarious puddle of water outside our door. Thank god for laughter. . . Our room was awesome. Our shower started emitting this rather loud, grinding sound around 7am and didn't stop well into the afternoon (from what we could tell), so I was smitten from then on. This was in addition to the hall AND pool area smelling like butts, which we were really pumped about (VEGAS WOOOOOOOOOOO) on the condition we were able to get a decent night's sleep. You know. The thing you're definitely supposed to be able to do in a hotel room. Joke's on you humanity! THE JOKE. IS ON. YOU. . . Whatever. Sleep's for commies and dead people. . . I would give this place infinite stars but I only have three, and I need one to get the hell back to Los Angeles, where there aren't nearly enough butt smells to go around. Two stars for you, Tropicana - Las Vegas. You still don't suck as much as Florida in the summer. Congrats.
Horrible experience with staff. We had to stand in line for nearly 40min to check in. After an hour the line even doubled and people were queued up all the way through the casion area of the hotel. . . The front desk was not only understaffed, but also was occupied chatting, giggling and casually walking around.  Not one excuse ... . . The rooms are nice, but with tiny windows and in our case the king size room was facing the airport. . . Next time I will spend some more money on a decent place in Las Vegas...
I stayed here for 4th of July weekend, arrived July 4th-July 7th.  We got valet service along with baggage service  both pretty quick.  We arrived early so we ate at the beach cafe.  Not a bad lunch menu.  Moderately priced.   We came back to check in and the regular line was though the casino and the HHonors line was short.  Luckily I had the HHonors which only took 10 mins to check in.. So we stayed in the paradise tower.  . CONS:. Our toilet stopped working that same night.  We had to call maintenance twice!  The plumber finally came and fixed it fairly quick.  Our A/C never got below 74.  Which was torture.  The water for the tube was warm but once you turned on the shower it was cold and took a while to get warm.  The vent in the bathroom was full of dust, it even leaked on our toilet.  One of the closet doors kept coming of the track.  Wish each room had a refrigerator. . PROS:. We had a view of the strip.  The TV was a flat screen, they do have Ihome clock/radios. I liked the shutters.  Each room has two complementary bottles of water. Smelled clean.. This is the second time we stayed.  What drew me back the second time was the smell of the casino it doesn't smell like smoke, it has a sweet smell. You can see the renovations in the casino.  Looks fantastic!  One draw back is they don't have poker.  Staff was very friendly, never had a problem with staff.  We went to the laugh factory good line up of comedians.  My first experience we didn't have any problems with the room except the tube wasn't sealed correctly and the water was leaking in the wall. My buddy stayed there and had the brand new renovated Bungalows, not an issue.  It seems like all there rooms are not renovated.  What I don't like is the resort fees.  Seems like more and more Las Vegas Hotels are adding them to the bill.   I don't think I'll come back again.  This isn't a four star resort.
Pros. 1. Free Internet, yet very slow. 2. Free upgrade due to my HH status. . Cons. 1. Painfully long check-in and checkout.  At check-in it was explained that the system was down.  How is it still down 2 days later?. 2. Bathroom - shower is perfect if you're 5'5" or shorter and enjoy alternating between cold and almost scalding hot water. 3. Location is at the end of the strip. . There are better options more centrally located on the strip.  The Tropicana has missed the mark with their half-hearted remodel.
RANT: Renovated which was nice. I was expecting something scary!!!! Front desk screwed up our reservation however, and it was a pain because I was sleeping during the day for EDC and they kept calling and knocking. We had added one more night to our reservation and apparently check-in guy forgot to add it onto our stay. Front desk lady was being a totally mean and b----ch saying that she's never seen this in her 20+ years working here etc etc like it was MY FAULT. Suffice it to say they need to work on professionalism and training. When we were checking out the guy said our check-in guy was new. Train your new people! Ain't my fault. . . BOTTOM LINE: Good basic stay however. After all, you're in Vegas.. if you're doing it right you're only in your room to catch some zz's before you hop back onto the strip for eating and partying.. . FRIDGE? No fridge. Apparently you can ask for one and pay for it...I've stayed at the Venetian and I don't remember a fridge either or hot water/coffee maker. I remember that if you go to Walgreens all the hot water makers are marked as final sale. Related?
Meh...stayed here because I got to use my Hilton honors points. The customer service was excellent so they get 2 stars but the hotel is a mess! I thought it was newly renovated?!? The bathrooms were filthy! The ceramic on the bathtub was peeling so it looked dirty and the water pressure was so weak! The faucet was leaky so it was annoyed because of the dripping noise. There was dust everywhere!!!  The person checking me in told me I was upgraded to a strip view...ummmm, yeah it was nice to see the side of MGM. Smh! Nice try! If this was the upgrade I wonder what the standard room looked like?!? The small chair in the room was all stained. The bed were comfy enough. All in all...it looked like an old Vegas hotel. I won't be staying here again!
Room was fair.  Bathroom bad.  Pool excellent.  No matter where you want to go in the hotel you have to go through the casino.  What a pain.  Don't come here with kids! Will not be back!
We recently stayed at the Tropicana for one night and like all places I review, they always start out with 5 stars. However, there were 3 separate experiences that happened that, had only of them happened I might have overlooked it. However, three times is the charm, or the kiss of death as the case may be.. . Contrary to what I read on Yelp, check in was a breeze. We arrived around 1pm and were checked in in under 10 minutes. Because we didn't think we could check in until 3, we had left our bags with the valet folks to be brought to the room later, since we were meeting up with people for lunch. . . We arrived back to the hotel around 7pm, and had 8pm dinner reservations, so we rushed up to the room to change clothes. However, our bags were not in the room. We called downstairs and they said they were coming up "momentarily". 30 minutes later we called and were told the same thing. An hour later (so it's now 8pm, when we were supposed to be at dinner) my husband called down and was very upset and demanded to know where the bags were. Just 1 minute later, they arrived at the door. So not sure what the issue was, but it definitely felt like they were either being dishonest or ignoring our requests. . . The next morning we went downstairs to meet friends for breakfast and the elevator was broken. We were told by the manager that it would be up and running in "just a moment". No big deal, we were on the 3rd floor so we hopped down the stairs. However, after breakfast (which I will talk about in just a moment) I headed upstairs to pack the bags and bring them downstairs while my husband was finishing playing the slots downstairs (I lost money faster than him!) I didn't even consider that the elevators still wouldn't be working, but they weren't so I had to drag two bags down the stairs. Not one of my finer moments. Again, if the manager had told us it might be awhile, I would have had my husband come with me to get the bags. . . Lastly, we went to the Beach Cafe for breakfast. The service was really slow and inefficient. Everyone was perfectly nice, but they were either short staffed or not trained well, not sure which. It took nearly an hour to get our food (group of 6, all ordered egg-type dishes so nothing complicated). I ordered a Bloody Mary and never received it and when I asked about it when she brought the food she said she forgot. I told her never mind. We also watched two couples be seated and tables around us and get up to leave since they never got waited on.. . All in all, I don't think I would stay here again. We gave it a shot because we are Hilton Honors members and this property was supposedly newly remodeled and taken over by Hilton. I really hope that they are able to work out the kinks in management and training to get this hotel where it needs to be.
Nothing special about this place, I guess you get what you pay for. Seems like everything is broken here. My no smoking room smells like smoke.. The Spa sucks and your kinda trapped in the hotel. Nasty Pop music playing all day long at the pool.
My husband and I have been making it a tradition to go Vegas to celebrate our birthdays. For our hotel, we usually go the cheapo route so we can spend more money on gambling and dining. This year, I decided to book the Tropicana because it is now owned by Hilton. I have gold status with them so I knew our breakfast would be comped at least. The $49 room rate was decent too.. . I booked a bungalow room thinking it would be nice to have a balcony, but it soon became clear that the AC wasn't functioning properly. I asked to be moved to another room, and the front desk said they would send security over to open up a nearby room. We waited half an hour and no one showed up. So I went to the front desk, and the woman offered to upgrade us to a "mini-suite" in the newer tower. What a joke! It was just a regular room at the end of the hall with a small triangle's worth of extra square footage. Oh well, can't get too uppity about a $49 room, right?. . I was hoping things would be better on the casino floor, but it was much worse. My husband and I were sitting at the automated roulette table for 30 minutes and watched 4 cocktail waitresses walk right past us. We cashed out and moved over to the bar to play some video poker. The bartender was nice and helped us promptly, but he clearly had no idea what he was doing behind the bar. I ordered a french martini and my husband got a manhattan. Both were made with the wrong liquors.. . The pool area is clean and not too crowded. We didn't enjoy it all that much though because of the god awful music playing (I think a 12 year old girl choose the playlist) and the retina-burning level of chlorine in the pool.. . What did save the Tropicana was the great breakfast. The buffet had a decent selection of the usual suspects, and the quality was all average or better. I loved the omlette bar, and the guy working it was awesome. So much fun and very competent. I wasn't his only fan. A group of ladies doing business travel asked to take their picture with him.. . We had a fun trip despite our accomodations, but I think next year we'll splurge on a nice hotel.
Well. After a five hour drive we had the wonderfully terrible experience of meeting TJ at the check in counter. The most unhelpful uninterested person on the planet. The reviews on here are correct, check in is a pain in the you know what and helpful service is apparently not in the employee manual. I haven't even seen our room yet....The room was something I would expect to find on Fremont street only our hotel there was cleaner, cheaper and much more friendly. The tropicana room smelled weird. Like smoke and cleaning fluid and must. Overall the bathroom and linens were clean, the tv was a nice flat screen and the bed was comfortable. Overall I would not stay here again, the service cast a shadow of ick over our Vegas experience. Go to the flamingo or MGM instead.
The rooms are lovely and comfortable. The reason I gave this hotel only 2 stars is because of the pool. Firstly one is assaulted by the techno music that is blasting at a ridiculously loud volume. Even if you like techno, you'd find this beyond annoying.  I thought at first, okay, I'll just find a quieter place to sit, nope. It's omnipresent. The towel service is great, the lounge seats comfortable and plentiful. Secondly, although the pool looks inviting, it is deceiving. To say the water is cold is a gross understatement. I almost wondered if they loaded it with ice earlier in the day, that is how cold it is. I'm not the only one who feels this way. There is this enormous pool, it's hot and theres a very crowded poolside, but no one  is swimming. It was fun to watch people go over to it, put there feet in, then blanch at the temperature. Not even children could tolerate it. As for the loud music, I asked a couple of the waitresses, who are great, by the way, about the music, if others thought it obtrusive and they said, "Yes, people always comment". They suggested I tell the desk because, "They don't listen to us".  One of the reasons to vacation in Vegas is to relax by the pool. Well, here it was impossible.. . There were many positives. The Italian restaurant IL Bacio's was great and Todd our waiter was delightful. . . I enjoyed dancing to the cover band at the Tropicana lounge. The singer Skye5 was truly amazing. The whole band was terrific. They take requests. Skye5 has a really fun quality and banters with the audience making it feel like a party. . . The Honors breakfast, OUTSTADING! The benefits are good.. . The gym is great too. It's modern and clean. Lots of windows. They have plenty of machines and weights and a quiet room which is, well, quiet and dark, meditative. The eucalyptus steam room is a plus. The locker room was clean and had everything you need and more. . . So there you have it. I would stay here again, ONLY if they fix the pool issues. :). . Julie P.
The view of Las Vegas Blvd from our room was great, but that was about it.  There was nothing extraordinary about the hotel other than that. Their swimming pool was extremely clean because it was too friggin cold to swim in.  Not only were there no kids in the pool, there were no adults either.  They should come up with a Titanic theme and add icebergs. Only one breakfast cafe and it was a buffet. Don't think we'll stay there again.
Not impressed, but turned out mediocre. After an incredible run around with different staff, inconsistent information on the daily, and the major unplanned bummer of the pool being closed (the only reason we chose Tropicana and we didn't find out until check-in), the situation was somewhat repaired by a room change and meal credit. Still, it shouldn't have taken 5 trips to the front desk and being turned away at the Excalibur pool after giving them the "secret" password of the pool manager's name (that is what one Tropicana front desk staffer said we could do), to rectify the situation. The casino is really nice, and the food is top notch (go to Biscayne if you are feeling like steak), but the headache of moving rooms and having to beg for some kind of upgrade due to the unprofessional runaround made this one a bust. On the plus side: the rooms are clean.
I came to Vegas for my bachelorette weekend and chose to stay at the "New" Tropicana. I had made this trip 3 months in advance and didn't even get the 2 queen beds that I asked for. I was anything but impressed, from the moment I arrived it was long lines, fees and attitudes. My bridal party and I get up to the room and I go into the bathroom and those complimentary shampoo/conditioner bottles were all used along with a waded up piece of blonde hair around the cap of the conditioner. YUCK!!! The girls and I were disgusted! I took the bottles down wrapped in toilet paper and when I spoke with the manager about it I wasn't upset and acting rude probably like I should have been, they just apologized and said the room fee for just that night would be comped (which was only 20 dollars) and they would replace the bottles right away. The girls and I left to go to dinner came back to the hotel and they still weren't replaced! The next day we needed the sheets changed so I called for room service to get that taken care of we went out the whole day came back room was clean pulled back the sheets and all they did was make the bed, not change the sheets as I asked! I was disappointed with all the staff especially the manager, the room and just the overall experience.... I will say I did like all of the renovations on the first floor other than that will never be staying here again!
Stayed here for a short weekend holiday.  Rooms were good size, easy to get to and clean.  I did not like having to leave my room for coffee, no coffee makers in the room.  It is located right across from the MGM Grand which was the site for our concert, so in that regard the location was great.
I stayed there before the renovation and it definitely left a bad taste in my mouth. The rooms were okay. The hallways of the hotel were disgusting ... the staff did not clean room service food from the hallways for days. The only nice thing is we had a balcony looking at the strip and the pool was okay. . . They did back than at least have slot machines that still spit out change which I thought was pretty cool!
A very mediocre hotel experience. . We waited probably 40 minutes in line to be checked into the hotel. It was a Monday night.. It was $160 for us to stay 2 nights and I have to say, it definitely wasn't worth that. The room was fairly small and our accommodations didn't even include a fridge or microwave.. Casino is nice looking, but a lot smaller than ones in a lot of the other hotels along the strip if you're staying to gamble.. Staff was mediocre. . TV wasn't working properly during our entire stay- not sure if the problem was with the satellite or the tv itself but we weren't getting a proper signal. (However, we did not ask for help because it was not a top priority, so I cannot comment on how the staff handled the problem.). And lastly, they gave us vouchers for free cookies and we couldn't even find the place to redeem them. We looked all over the hotel, even using the map, and could not find the secret place where these supposed free cookies are given out.. So no cookies for us :(
Well it's  still the same Tropicana on the outside doesn't look any different but on the inside, remodeled did a really good job remodeling they do have a all new pool area with a day club it comes from the hip atmosphere of Nikki Beach club in Miami Florida it's,.  looks pretty cool,Looks like a fun place in the summertime, I'll  have to come check it out.
If you want to stay on the Las Vegas Strip and walk to other newer for classier hotels, the Tropicana may be one of your choices.  The Tropicana has been refurbished to the color white.  It makes the hotel look cheap but a total face lift was probably not in the budget.  The interior, rooms and event halls have been painted white but in a cheesy way.  The price of rooms is not a deal for the average accommodations plus the annoying resort fee. If the Tropicana was a hooker, then you are getting one that has passed her prime and is missing a tooth.
