This was easily the worst meal of our trip.  Decided to come here since it was around ten at night and most other places were closing up, figured it couldn't be that bad since they were busy and its a Wolfgang Puck restaurant, right?  . Wrong.. Started out with their wings and a "Caesar Salad."  Wings were bland, the dressing that came with them even more so.  To their credit, they tell you the Caesar isn't a proper Caesar salad, but once again, completely bland, cheese not good, disappointing.. Not as bad as the Entrees though.  I had the Ricotta Gnocchi with fennel Bolognese.  The Gnocchi themselves were mush, bland, and the sauce definitely did not taste fresh at all.  My brothers Linguini with Clams went basically untouched, and honestly, we're not picky eaters, at all, and it was ten at night in Vegas so of course we'd been drinking.  . We told the server we didn't really enjoy the food, and he didn't seem too surprised.  . He offered to take something off, but we declined, and just got out of there.. With the quantity they do at this restaurant, it seems like the quality has been sacrificed and its all been streamlined.  . We'd considered eating at Bouchon that night, and with prices that were pretty comparable we definitely made a mistake.  . Extra star for service, but the food is one star at best.
I was torn about whether to rate this place a 2 or 3 star. This restaurant is not accommodating to food allergies at all. (I don't mean the life or death food allergies but just a simply wheat sensitivity.) They only have 1 entree on the menu that is gluten free and they could not make anything off the menu (ie cook a piece of fish without a sauce.) We were told everything was pre-made. . . My poor husband had his only choice, the organic roasted chicken, which was good. The waitress talked me into the sausage gnocchi dish and I am sorry I listened to her. She told me they were the only place that did gnocchi the "right way." The dish was incredibly salty and the gnocchi were very over cooked. . . For all of the hype with this restaurant, we were underwhelmed.
I was so looking forward to trying a Wolfgang Puck Restaurant and I guess I picked the wrong one.  Nothing was wrong, just thought the food would live up to the hype.  Everything I ordered I swear I had the exact dish at another restaurant before.. . The tuna tartar was "eh, okay".  The sausage pizza: not bad at all.  The seabass was quite tasty.  My hubby's spaghetti and meatballs tasted like any chain restaurants,. . The bill: about a little over $100.  We only had soda.. . Yelp, you couldn't have put it any better: Meh.  I've experienced better.
Have you ever succumbed to peer pressure only to experience major waves of regret later?  Like that time you didn't want to wing-woman for your girlfriend because you had ill intuitions about the friend of the guy she likes.  This is Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill.  It bears a famous chef's name and lives inside a famous casino, yet is emptier in content than a stripper's conversation after the lap dance.. . Our out-of-town friends wanted to visit Wolfgang Puck, I hadn't been there for more than a year and had no recollection of what I ate on my last visit, but out-of-town friends often get to make the decisions, so I suffered another forgettable experience at Wolfgang Puck.  We had the Pink Lady Apple & Pear Salad which was okay, if not a little drenched in dressing.  Then after our order of sea bass was rejected because the kitchen didn't get the fish that day, we got the organic chicken.  It was served on top of mashed potatoes, with roasted carrots.  Carrots were undercooked, potatoes and chicken were all right, nothing to make an impression.  . . Fifty dollars for a meal I would pay around fifteen dollars...  The latter probably would have a more authentic atmosphere, not a generic view of MGM tourists.  This is what's wrong with Vegas, a fraudulent copy to overcompensate for soul-less commercialism.
we had the crabcakes to start but they were pretty bland and nothing special. . . i got the spaghetti and meatballs (only it was the spaghettini, which is a flat noodle). its a pretty expensive dish for what it is. i mean, the meatballs are juicy but the tomatoes tasted like they were stewed from a can. i dunno, i guess the wolfgang puck name set my expectations too high. . . our server was lame. if it wasnt for the busboy, we wouldnt have had any service. he was the one who kept refilling our drinks. the only thing our server did was take the order and give us the check. . . if you must go, make reservations online before you head out.
What the crack. No.. . Food was not only unmemorable, but ridiculously priced and not delicious at all.. . I am not sure why we wasted our money and time here when there are so many better Las Vegan restaurants here.. . Be gone!
Definitely the low of Vegas culinary experience.  . . Service was mediocre and the waiter was not very helpful, except raving about the liver being the best ever.. . Highlight - ahi tuna appetizer.  The worst turned out to be the liver and the mac n' cheese.  My friends salads were just alright.. . Very disappointed.
I came here as a kid once and remember not being impressed but as an adult Wolfgang Puck holds some meaning since he is a world renowned chef. Unfortunately it was another negative for me. The shisito peppers were good but there were more mushrooms than peppers in the app. The pizza was dry and terrible. I ate almost none of it. The group I was with got more traditional pizza and seemed to like it although my mother's crab cakes were almost miniature in size and that was strange. Pizza-wise... It seemed like there was a lot of food but not a lot of quality. It was blah in flavor and dry in texture. Sorry WP I am unimpressed again.
Puck Bar & Grill AKA You can get better prices for the same kind of food, (but you're drunk and in Vegas, how would one know the difference?). . Unfortunately, the MGM restaurant scenario is starting to require you to win some money at craps or Blackjack, so that you can afford their dinners. This place is nice and the least expensive between the restaurants of the hotel. However, I don't think it's anything that special. The food is good and cooked well, but $25 for a plate of pasta feels a bit much, don't you think? The service was good and the decor is nice as well. But you turn the eyes and you're still next to a gambling table...I can't really make up my mind on this place. It's average...I would call it an upscale version of a Cheesecake Factory with some better cooking!
2.5.... . Had the pork sandwich and chips and a beer and my friend had the caesar salad.. . Food alone may have been 4 stars, but the service and the price brings the grade way down.  The chips with the sandwich are really bland, I left most of them.  Kind of disappointing when you're paying $15 for a sandwich lol.. . Pork Sandwich - 5. Salad - 4. chips (with sandwich) - 1. Service - 2. Price - 1. . The prices at MGM's restaurants seem out of control, even for the strip.  I live at an MGM property and i'd like to go more given that it's close, but even given that I can afford it I feel ripped off to a certain extent after every meal :(. . If you want a good sandwich head to Earl Sandwich at Planet Hollywood and pay 1/3 the cost.
Wouldn't come again. The food is so so... The service is good, but the taste is not there. Potato chips are overwhelmed with the blue cheese and the Asian salad with chicken just not there.
Save yourself from disappointment by walking in with low expectations. If you're after a celebrity chef restaurant here in Las Vegas, hit Mesa or Scarpetta instead.
It's inside the MGM, so it's gotta be good, right? Nope. Wolfgang, you let me down big time. Flavors reminded me more of Arby's rather than a high quality cafe. My ruben tasted like a sloppy joe, and my salad was pathetic. Greens with oil on them? Come on? How about some texture? tomato? carrot? cucumber? nuts? anything? You're so cheap Wolfgang...Service is fine though.
I must confess this place had delicious free bread, and I wish I had gone back for the late night menu. But everything else I experienced was just meh. Service especially was inattentive at best. I ordered the pancetta crusted meatloaf; my girlfriend got the cheese pizza. Maybe it is her fault for ordering cheese pizza, but it tasted like it came out of the grocery store's freezer aisle. My meatloaf, on a bed of mashed potatoes and topped with crispy onion rings, was good but not great. I frankly had better meatloaf on a sandwich at Wichcraft. I'd say it's worth trying, but you'd probably be better off spending your money elsewhere.
I really thought it was very average.  Wolfgang Puck is such an icon of great cuisine, but I'm just not impressed.  Partially my own fault.  I had one of the sides replaced with creamed spinach...  Which is supposed to be spinach with a little butter and cream.  Not butter and cream with a little spinach.  The food in general was so unnecessarily heavy, the creamed spinach was inedible.  The staff was very nice.
Staying at the mgm, I decided to grab a late lunch here, for I hadn't eaten all day and was starving.  I sat at the bar and ordered a pizza which was very good.  However, the sevice was subpar at best, not something I would expect from a place like this.  The bartender ( a cute female) took my order, refilled my tea (after asking me what it was - I guess with a whole 6 people at the bar, its hard to remember what everyone is drinking), and that was the only interaction the entire hour I was there.  Not once did anyone check on me to ask how the food was or if I needed anything.  I know this sounds critical, but when you are paying $25 for a pizza at lunch, I dont think its too much to ask if everything is good and if I needed anything.  Some parmesean cheese would have been nice, but hey, I ate the pizza anyway.  Bottom line, sit at a table if you are eating here, for it looked like ths servers were very attentive.
Came here with a group of 6 for a very late dinner (11-ish PM).  The service was really slow, and the food was just so-so.  Everyone mutually agreed that it could have been better.  I personally ordered the spaghetti and meatballs because I was told that its great (by someone who was with me, and also ordered the same).  We both felt like it was just okay, nothing to write home about.  He even said that it tasted much better the last time he ordered it.  Maybe a new chef? Maybe new management? Whatever the case is, this restaurant didnt live up to my expectations.  Will I be back, probably.  Only because this restaurant is open late, and is in the casino of the hotel that we stay at most often.
Overall I was surprised that this experience was so sub par, being that the owner is a world renowned chef. . . Let me start by saying I sat there for a while before my drink order was taken. After I ordered my phone was nearly dead and my charger wasn't working, I asked if he had one behind the bar I was told no but later saw there was one all along. . . The bartender was polite but put everyone at the bar before me for some reason. I kept having to call him over for more water & tea. It seemed as though he thought I wouldn't tip as much as the others or something. . That wasn't even the worst part... The food was bland bland bland. . I ordered the roasted chicken with Yukon potatoes and creamed spinach. The portion was big but the food had absolutely no flavor. The tea was the best part of my meal. If in Vegas I recommend sushi samba, joes stone crab or any other restaurant besides this! I definitely won't be going back.
Ok, so maybe I ordered the wrong entree.  I have been to Spago, and to the casual one at Santa Monica and loved them both, but this was a disappointment.  . Ordered the Cesar salad for appetizer and 1 is enough for two, very good with anchovies.  I had the mussel pasta dish, the mussels tasted fishy, but the pancetta was good.  My bf's dish was good, chicken plate with mashed and veggies, basic.. . The total was $90???!!!  No alcohol beverages either.  They should change it to 3 $ signs.  If it wasn't so expensive it would've been better.  . Oh well, till next time Vegas.
I was in Vegas for work again.  This was my first time at this Wolfgang Puck inside the Aria building.  Its a little bistro that offers pizza and small plates.  The food was actually pretty good but the service sucked. . . We sat at the bar and the bartender was not friendly at all.  I would not return due to rude service.
