Rundown, cheap and it shows. They up sell harder and faster then a Vegas hooker.  Though the girl banging on the door across the hall at 5am cuz she couldn't get in and "had no pants" was pretty awesome but its Vegas that can happen anywhere. . . Je ne vais pas rester ici encore!
We made a reservation over expedia for a king non- smoking room. But when we checked in we were told that the Patis never guarantees you, but you are expressing preferences at you booking! What?! Are you kidding me?. I have stayed probably in more then 50 hotels around the world. But I never heard such a bullsh*** before.. We ended up paying additional 70 a night for a small suite to get a king bed non-smoking.. . The room was quite ok. Except a small tube TV. Have you heard of these new cool and big flat TVs at all?. 15 bucks a day for Internet?! And the two bathrooms of our had indeed only yellow lightning.. . The restaurants were massively packed at lunch time. Only possible to get food at the quick and "cheap" cafes in the hotel.. . The trip on to the top of the Eifel tower gives you a nice view over the strip. Although I'm not sure if I would pay 15 bucks again, because you can make pictures only through tinny wholes in the fence which are big enough for these little pocket cameras.. . Next time I will book somewhere else in Vegas.
Oh pretend luxury, how I loathe you. . . If I had to describe the Paris in one word, that word would be TACKY!!. . Seriously though - between the fake cobbles, painted sky, and faux store fronts in the lobby, I absolutely had no illusion of actually being in Paris. . . We stayed in oneof the "newly renovated" super sized rooms. The decor was well researched, but fairly cheap. What gets me most is the lack of attention to detail...no robes in the rooms, the beds are uncomfortable, there's not one centralized light switch by the beds to turn everything off at once, the TV is small for how far from the beds it is, no minibar, etc. . . The Paris is a tacky, cheap hotel masquerading as a well done, luxurious property. Only stay here if you're planning on spending all of your time out and about or asleep.
Disappointing.. We went for the upgraded room and got a smaltzy Vegas room.. Nothing luxe about the broken iPod dock ( desk said they would not repair or replace) or the musty smell, very bad shower & while they put a huge flat screen in the room, they have no HD service..no. Luggage racks either..  Down in the casino there seemed to be an endless stream of underaged over-drunk kids losing thei tuition on bad bets..
paris only received two stars for a very simple reason. a very bad experience for me with the valet service..... the casino itself is sub par - given the effiel tower is a nice sight to see - if you're looking for a euro ambience i'd recommend the venetian or ceasars palace over paris. the staff (during the day) was more suiting for the Mandarin Oriental as 75% of them were Asian so i didn't feel as if i were in Paris - the decor and sky painting on the ceilings lacked a wow factor. not as mesmorizing as ceasers palace or the fresh feel of the venetian.. as far as the valet service goes - the drop off was as easy as any other hotel there. but as paris was a quick stop before the airport for my friend and i... when it came time to get our car it took 18 minutes of standing there waiting and watching everyone come and go but us. when i asked the valet attendant what the hold up was he said "it's coming. just wait" unacceptable by my standards. would have been much faster to park my own car.
The girlfriend and I were in for the weekend for the Vegas Uncork'd event.  We had stayed at the Cosmopolitan for our first night, but moved over to the Paris for the Fri-Mon part of our stay since they offered a much better rate for Fri and Sat nights and comped our Sun night.  Despite this much better deal, I really wish we would've just paid the cash and stayed put at the Cosmo.. . To be sure, Paris is one of the most identifiable places on the Strip with its half-scale replica of the Eiffel Tower and the Arc de Triomphe.  I've never been to Paris, but I have to admit the faux Eiffel Tower still looks impressive.  The interior of the casino attempts to imitate the look of Paris in a Disney kind of way.  The casino floor has the requisite number and variety of table games, slots and video poker machines of all denominations.   Cocktail waitresses are decked out like Parisian gendarmerie.  There are multiple bars and restaurants scattered about the facility although none of the restaurants appealed to me compared to the other offerings available at other properties along the Strip or around Vegas.. . The biggest fault I found with Paris was their rooms.  The bed in our room was stiff and unforgiving....easily one of the worst I've encountered in any of my stays in Vegas.  It certainly couldn't compare to some of the much better beds I've slept in at the Palms, Hard Rock, and most recently, the Cosmopolitan.  Unlike many Vegas properties, the Paris doesn't offer a HD flat-panel TV in their rooms.  While we didn't watch any TV in our room, it would've been more impressive if the Paris was more current in their furnishings and amenities.  Also, unlike the Cosmopolitan which offered free wi-fi, the Paris charged $15 per day for wi-fi.  At least the room was clean and quiet and the maid service did a good job.. . Bottom line...while the Paris has only been open since 1999, it really hasn't made the jump successfully into the 21st Century.  However, if you're looking for a low-cost, no-frills place to crash in Vegas, the Paris will scratch that itch.  If you want something more, like a comfortable bed, then most definitely go somewhere else.
So I'm staying here solo for a couple of days, waiting for a conference to start when I get moved to Caesars.. . This is a weird place to me.  It's nice, but falls just a smidgen short in just about every way.  Plus they put "Le" in front of everything, which is not even a little bit le cute after about five le minutes.. . The rooms are nothing special, and are kind of turning the corner between "new" and "time to redecorate", but are clean and well appointed.  The beds are nice and comfy -- not too hard, not too soft.. . The casino is just like all the rest in Vegas.. . The restaurants are just like all the rest in Vegas - buffet, steakhouse, Italian.  With the possible exceptions of the Burger Brasserie (lamb burger!) and the Sugar Factory (great malts!). . They nickel-and-dime you on everything, just like all the rest of Vegas.  $15 a day for Internet.  $25 a day to use the gym.  Robbery.. . It is in a good location, though - nice and central, and on the monorail.. . So it is with mixed emotions that I go with a 2-star rating; I'd go 3 if they would include Internet, dammit - this isn't 1990.  For the price and reputation of the property, I kind of expected a little more.  But there's nothing WRONG with the place, really.
I come to Vegas quite often partly b/c my rooms are comped. Back in January '11 I stopped in town for a night, and decided to stay at the Paris because a) Ive never stayed there before b) it was free, so thought why not...its only "One Night in Paris". Great customer service but I was not impressed with the atmosphere and tacky/stuffy decor. I checked in around 11pm, and let them know that it was my frist time staying with them. The woman looked at my reservation and saw that I had the basic comped luxury suite. She said "Since you're only here for a night, we want your stay to be memorable!" Little did I know, she upgraded me to the nicest suite at the Paris, called the "Calais" suite. VERY generous of her. I wish I would have tipped her at the time of check-in, but I did not know she gave me that suite until I got to the room and saw the double doors! Overall, great service. But the establishment itself was only mediocre. As nice as the room was, I'll stick to the properties I've built relationships with.
I had to call Housekeeping twice to see if they would come up and remove room service food from the hallway. Half eaten food left in the hallway for hours at a time turns my stomach and makes me wonder how the Hotel isn't infested with all kinds of vermin. There is a stereotype saying that French people are rude. I wonder if the people who created this stereotype came to Paris Las Vegas, because it is completely correct here. Employees seem to be annoyed by the guests and they let you know it with eye rolling, lip smacking, and voice tone. What happened to hospitality? Pool only open until 8 pm, really? No outside drink allowed at the pool, really? Pool only gets cleaned once per day, so get used to swimming with plastic wrappers, beer cans, cigarette butts, and whatever else the wind catches and throws in! I have a bigger tv in my bathroom at home. Pay for WiFi, not even a $50 room @ Holiday Inn makes you pay for WiFi...
LOVE grabbing a dirty martini here! . . But, that's about all that fascinates me about Paris. It's the only reason why we ever stop by. . . I've stayed here in the past and I was always extremely underwhelmed with the rooms, the casino, the restaurants and the level of customer service.  For what you pay, you have about five other much better andmuch nicer properties to spend your dollars at.
Uhhhhh, that's it? This is the two queen bedroom? I feel like I can almost touch wall to wall! No suite upgrade and the service inside the diamond lounge was fcuking HORRIBLE! That A-HOLE had the nerves to walk by everyone except for us! and finally when I managed to wave him down I asked for another round of drinks. His responds was"OF WHAT?!" Same drink you idiot!. . Thanks, but no thanks this would probably be my last time back.
The location is the best thing about this hotel. You can walk to Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile shops and City Center across the street and other properties. That's about it. Here's what is not good. The room has not been updated and has an old TV and bad mattresses. The staff is not very nice and valet takes a very long time. Best to self park, not that bad of a walk and its through the end of the hotel shops. . . The best restaurant to eat in, which is surprising the least crowded, is the Sweet Factory. They have bfast and lunch items. The food and service there was actually very good. We stayed at Tropicana the third night and found the room and staff to be much nicer there. . . I stayed at Paris when it first opened and it was awesome. Now, the hotel and staff are tired. They need to renovate the entire hotel and motivate their staff. Won't stay at Paris again until they do.
When you think romance....Paris is one of the first things that come to mind. When my fiance and I decided to hit Vegas for our honeymoon last year...The Paris Hotel was the way to go.  We arrived and we were greated by a not so friendly staff. We had issues with our room (travel agents fault) and they would not budge to accomodate us. Finally they decided we could upgrade to a "mini-suite" for an additional $60 per night.  We agreed and proceeded up to our room.  The moment we walked into the room, we were unhappy. We overlooked........wait for it.....a roof top. I asked my husband to please go downstairs and tell them we no longer wanted to upgrade and we will just take the "regular" room. From the outside...its gorgeous....inside its just a crowded casino and not so friendly staff!!! I've been to Vegas multiple times and I won't ever stay here again!
: /
Dirty rooms.....the staff are just acceptable. I have stayed at many hotels on the strip, and this was my first with Paris. Yes, I am the type to stand up on a chair to see how dusty everything is. This place was pure filth, I wonder when the last time the room keepers bothered to look above eye level. I can complain knowing that this is part of the job (lucky me had the same job in high school). I have severe allergies to dust and so do others in my family.  I called to find out the quickest directions to a few places...I only ask because sometimes the locals know better than onStar. Well Onstar worked better than the locals. Every place I tired to get a good coffee at was just some basic folgers. I don't have an issue with paying $5 for a cup of coffee, but nasty old coffee? I never found a cup worth $5.... I ended up at 7-11 walked out with coffee...2 gallons of water, under $5. I would not pay to stay there again.
Made the mistake of staying at Paris after staying at the MGM Grand Signature. I did not have many positive experiences. . . When we reached the room it was old and drab with stains on the carpet. The shower had very little pressure and only warm water. The beds were awful and cheap on the level of a Super 8. We checked in on a Thursday and left Saturday and housekeeping did not clean the room.  We were not in the room all day, so there was plenty of time to Take care of it. . . Headed out to the pool and the lounge chairs seemed to be transported from 1970. When I attempted to use the fitness room I was told it was $25.00 per day. Internet fees were $20.00 a day. The hotel claims no resort fees, but charges $45.00 a day to workout and check your email. . . Overall I felt that with all the other choices in Vegas, Paris was a poor one. Needless to say I would not recommend.
I only gambled here and only briefly.  It's a little too hot in there and you'll have a hell of a time finding a cocktail waitress.  Really cool interior, though.  They should find someone to paint one of those crazy depth perception boggling things on the ceiling to make it look like the Eiffel tower extends up into the sky.  If you've been there, you know what I mean.  It would be really cool.
The rooms are nice but the food situation is awful and the store workers are so rude. Not worth the price.
The rooms are poopy. . . There is no cable television, the shampoo was latherless and the conditioner wasn't much better. The rooms are on the tiny/cramped side and the soda machine only took singles.. . These may not seem like big issues but when you're nursing a massive hangover and barely alive you need:. . A comfy room- to nurse yourself back to "functional" . . A satisfying shower - because they always make you feel 90% better.. . To stay hydrated- When you can barely make it to the bathroom, going down to Casino Level is not an option. The soda machine by the ice machine is your only hope. When you make the exhausting trek down the hall only to have your $5 bill rejected by said soda machine, well that's just a whole new level of pain.. . Entertainment- this is where the TV comes in. You may not THINK you'll spend enough time in your room to care, but you will. When every fiber of your body (including your hair) aches and your bound to your sickbed until your "second wind" comes around, entertainment is indispensable. I'm not picky, I don't need premium cable. A TBS movie marathon would suffice but Paris Hotel offers only Vegas tourist info TV and about 20 random channels in Korean:  . . My hangovers and I will stay elsewhere from here on out, but I'll probably still come here pre-hangover to drink and gamble since I do really dig the casino...
It wasn't all bad. The service overall was pretty good. Bell service was poor and slow but not many are productive in Vegas. Suite was nicely furnished and had a good bed,  but it took forever to get the hotwater through the pipes in the shower. At first I thought there was no hotwater it took so long.Televisions are dated but not that big of a deal really  cause who goes to Vegas to watch TV? Casino was fun. Lobby bar was fun. Close to shopping. Buffet was ok. Stood with a couple other gentlemen whoswore the Buffet was the best. I say nay! nay!  They had shift change at buffet I waited 15 minutes for chef to get replacement so it was very poor service in that regards. In room food service was quick and reasonable. Big Negative is there is no stocked fridge for convenience so if your cool with it byob and snacks. When I checked in they gave me the wrong room keys and had to get it straightened out with security. Long story but not real kosher. Elevators where quick and the overall appearance was good.
The maintenance and housekeeping staff need to pay better attention.  I know I'm being a bit nitpicky on some of the stuff, but for the price we paid during a recent stay, I  feel its justified.. . We had reserved a room with a King bed.  We have a queen at home, so always like getting a bigger bed when we are away.  No line to check in, which was good.  Now the bad. . we get to the room, the mattress has clearly seen better days, sagging in the middle, I sit on it and you can hear the springs, and they are shot.  that mattress should have been replaced quite awhile ago.  Go into the bathroom, the hot water is barely lukewarm.. . Downstairs we schlepp and explain the situation.  Front desk staff was very nice, but unfortunately no more king beds available will be take 2 queens and an upgraded view?  What are we supposed to say, we weren't given any other options.. . We get to the room, mattress is better and I check the hot water, bingo, much better. . . Throughout the weekend I just kept noticing small things.  Torn wallpaper in the bathroom, lots of chipped paint on the vanity.  Window was filthy, so was the TV remote.  Bathroom mirror coming away from the wall.  Control panels in the elevator need to be tended to, faded print on the buttons. Also several splatters on the wallpaper uphigh, that looked like they could have been scrubbed off.. . Comes time to go to sleep, wow, you can hear the music from the nightclub!  Wow!  Not an upgrade, I consider this a downgrade.. . Trying to get coffee and pastries in the morning was unpleasant, huge line out the door, that needs to be better organized.  Second morning, I notice an Express coffee place by the restaurant Ilse St. Louis.  Turns out after we check out receipts, the croissants are a dollar more and the coffee was more too!  Same coffee, same croissants, I guess u pay extra for their disorganization.. . I'd consider staying here again if it were no more than $100 a night.
This would've gotten a 3 star ("A-OK") review, had it not been for the over-entitled cabhop(or whatever they're called) who made an already bad day even worse. After losing $900 @ the casino, the last thing i need is to be guilt tripped and hustled for a tip. All he does is blow a whistle, which is redundant and useless because the cabbies can see people line up and would drive up anyways if he wasnt there. Anyways, I was nursing my big losses and wasnt really paying attention, so i just got into the cab and let the driver put my bag into the back. Then the cabhop opens the door, sarcastically snarls "WELL I HOPE EVERYONE TREATED YOU WELL HERE", and slams the door on me.... . Well, everyone did treat me well there, except for that asshole. The rooms are old (perhaps intentionally), and the internet is like $15 bucks, or $25 in one of the convention rooms, which IMO is lame and sucks a lot of ass. The tv is also from like 1983 and the remote doesnt work. Additionally, I waited in a huge ass line at the cafe outside of the elevators for a quick hot breakfast (quiche on the menu), only to find out after 20 mins of waiting that they only had pastries. In addition to that, they left my coffee out of my order, so i had to wait another 10 mins to get that..for some reason.. . This casino would've started with a 3 for average accomodations, and gotten a 4 for $10 craps tables and a smokin hot raven haired cocktail waitress named Roe, but because of the previous 2 paragraphs, -2. I get free stays at harrahs because i lose a lot of money, so i may stay here again in he future....if it is the only choice...and if the other choice is imperial palace...lol. . My name is Boris Yelpsin, and I approve this message.
I wanted to live near flamingo and strip and girlfriend wanted to save some $ so we skipped bellagio and lived in paris --- a big mistake. Totally not up to the 4 star standard. I hate the fake looking buildings. The casino lighting was bad, and the fake sky was too low that it didn't add to the look at all. Every time when I was visiting wynn or bellagio or even caesar I wanted to kick myself for booking at paris. Wifi was $15 a day at lowest rate, LOW FLOW SHOWER WATER and not hot enough. I would not book there again even for free.
So I booked a weekday getaway for me and the gf and we just got back. Stayed from Tuesday till Thursday. . . Service: . - Check-in was packed on a Tuesday afternoon but it moved fairly quickly which was great. The woman who checked us in was polite as per requirement of the job, but not super friendly or cheery as I would have liked :-/ . - Room service was fairly prompt. We got 2 desserts ($8 each) and it took right around 30 minutes. They automatically charge you a $5 service fee so I did not feel compelled to tip. It is the guy's job to bring up the food and well...you already charged me $5 for no reason....my justification for not feeling like a cheap a$$ . - Our TV was not working when we got to the room so they sent a repair man up in the next 5 minutes and he figured out the problem and changed the tuner quickly so kudos to him and his promptness. . . Hotel:. - The hotel's shops aren't all that impressive compared to others like PH or Caesars. It is just a small lane of shops that are quite forgettable. . - The best part of the Paris is their restaurant/food options. Mon Ami Gabi is an awesome restaurant and Sugar Factory, while I didn't like it for breakfast, would be great for a late night dessert. I didn't go to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant (due to the lack of Benjamins) but I hear great things about it and more than just because of the view. The pizza place was good for a quick bite to eat and the pizza was solid. I wanted to try to the buffet but the line was always SO long and out the door so I guess it had to be pretty good. It is part of the Buffet of Buffets so try and get the deal of 6 buffets for $45 for 24 hrs. . - Casino area is WAY too small for my taste. After walking around, I didn't feel the urge to gamble here. . - The decor was neat but slightly....cheap feeling. The sky ceiling wasn't all that great, especially compared to Caesars. . - The first thing that I noticed coming through the doors, unfortunately, was the smell of cigarette smoke. That is a problem for me that I don't think should happen. When I walk into Bellagio or PH or other hotels, I don't get that whiff of smoke.. - Valet was busy. I was told 10-15 minutes but it ended up being more like 25. Grrrr. . - No Resort Fee, but then you have to pay for WiFi. Not that I needed it but for those that do that's a bummer. . . Room:. - Red Room Premium. No fountain view but we got a partial view of it so all was not lost. Plus its across the street so we just walked over and watched from the Bellagio side of the street. . - Furniture is cool and the queen bed is fairly comfy. Large flat screen tv but lack of many channels when we used it for our downtime, if there is such a thing in Vegas.. - Bathroom was nice in that it had a separate shower and tub. The tub felt very shallow though. There is also only 1 sink. Red Room Premium and we only get 1 sink? C'mon now son. . .  I have definitely experienced better. The red room premium cost me $60-80 on a weekday which is great for the type of room. That being said, seeing pictures from the "lower" type rooms here, I wouldn't stay here unless it was at least the RRP. Personally, I'd rather pay more for a nicer room at like Aria or if you are on a budget, I'd rather stay at Luxor or Excalibur. This hotel is great to stop by for a bite to eat and a look around rather than a stay.
Smokey!  This was easily one of the most smokiest of casinos. The eiffel tower experience was nice. Definitely get the express pass. Waiting in line for 45 min in that smokey environment will drive you nuts. The view from the top is fantastic especially to see the Bellagio Fountains.  Its funny they openly use the Bellagio Fountains as marketing for the Restaurant in the tower as well as the view from the top.. The fake sky ceiling looks horrible here. Its just not high enough and there are shadows of pillars all over the place. At no point does it look like as nice as the Venetian or Ceasers palace.. . I don't think I would stay here.
The Paris needs a face lift.  The rooms are outdated (though roomy) featuring a saggy bed and a 10 year-old TV.  Room 453 or any room on that side of the hotel on a lower floor has the most uninspiring view I've ever seen.  I am literally looking at a rooftop one floor down (beige with industrial air vents and such on it) along with a parking garage complex across the way.  It's like being in prison without the bars.  That said, I'm sure other areas in the hotel have nicer views but BE SURE to ask.  The decor and amenities are dated and unimpressive.  But the casino is really nice, roomy and has a good ambiance since the ceiling is painted like a blue sky (feels like your outdoors).  The restaurants are good but be prepared to wait in line.  I used to love the Paris but I feel like they've gotten lazy -- it's just not special anymore.
This place absoloutely gorgeous inside! the entire time you are walking through you feel lik you are outside in a french village and there are so many delicious little eateries. There's not a lot of modern shops like other hotels.. . Casino: very small and looks kinda boring. not sure if this is the place to gamble because everyone's face just looks so traumatized. either they won a lot of moolas or they just lost everything.... . Hotel: Everything was clean and we enjoyed using the flat screen t.v. while getting ready.   . . Recommended:. . 1)The Eiffel Towel replica is the best thing to look at at night.. 2) Buy on of those tour eiffel drinks or the big paris ball as a souvenir!
Just had the buffet.  Not my favorite.  Poorly laid out and crowded.  Lines at every station.  Table service was poor.  I think the buffet at the Mirage is way better.
This place is tired.  Perhaps it was cool 10 years ago, but their rooms really need to be updated.  I can't believe they still have those big and nasty amour cabinets with a tube (ewwww) tv.  You need to pile up all these things and burn them! No seriously though, the beds were sub-par, and there really wasn't anything special about the room.  If the bathroom is the best part of the room, you got some 'splaining to do.. . And their gym closes at 7pm?  WTF??
Pretty unimpressed, as far as Vegas hotels go. When I first got there, I went to check in and the line was fairly massive. I finally get to the front around 2pm, and am told I need to wait 1 hour for a room, but that I can check my bags. I go to the concierge and ask, and they point me outside, where there is no clear place to go. And it's 100 degrees. So I keep my bag and find a place to sit down and work.. . No internet. Unless you pay $15/night for a wired connection in your room. We were there for a business convention, so this is completely unacceptable. One conference room had internet. ONE.. . I call in an hour, and they tell me my room isn't ready yet. I have a presentation in an hour, so I ask if there's anything they can do to get me in sooner, and they do it without a problem. OK, so if there is a room ready, why didn't you give it to me when I asked the first time? My boss wasn't able to check in until 5pm (he got there at 8am).. . The room was decent, but pretty old. The toilet barely flushed the first day, and actually got clogged up the second. The TV remote barely worked. Also, the lights in the room were strangely located- on the outside of the beds, rather than in the middle. And the bathroom had a nice mirror with extra magnification, except I'm 5'6" and could barely reach it. The shower had no light over it, and lost hot water during one of my showers.. . Overall, not recommended. There are much better places to stay on the strip, for the same (or lower) price.
My husband and I decided to experience a new hotel at our stay in Vagas when we came a day early and had reservations the rest of the week at the Palazzo.. . The hotel was super crowded because we were told they had three conventions going on that weekend, but when we came back later in the week to see Jersey Boys (which is amazing), it was still pretty crowded.. . Before going to our room, we decided to get dinner at one of the places inside the hotel.  There really wasn't too much the hotel offered as far as restaurants.  We decided to go to this "french bakery" that served pizza by the slice, sandwiches, and pastries.  I don't know about you, but last time I checked, pizza is Italian not French.  We got some sandwiches that were more of Italian origin than French, and they ok, not my fave.  The service took forever and we barely found a place to sit.  That kind of was a foreshadowing of what the rest of our stay was going to be like.. . Our room wasn't great, but what I expected from the pictures.  We had an awesome view of the Eiffel tower out front, which was cool.  The fridge from the mini bar was empty, which surprised me, but is gave us opportunity to put our own drinks in there, even if they fit oddly.  It made me wonder why a hotel wouldn't try to get more money out of you by providing a mini bar?  But it wasn't like I would have used it, so I can't complain.  . . The bed was really hard.  I'm glad we only spent one night there.  I would expect a bed like that in a Motel 6, not a place in Vegas you pay over $200 a night.. . The room service itself was good, but the quality of items they brought to us were not.. . My husband needed a humidifier so that his throat won't get too dry at night.  They brought one promptly, but it was more like a swamp cooler than humidifier.  We had to put it on full blast for it to really make any difference, and it was loud.  My husband had a hard time sleeping over it.  (The Palazzo gave us a humidifier which used three times more water at full blast and was really quiet.). . For breakfast we decided to get room service since I had never had room service breakfast before.  Both things that we ordered were really simple.  I had salmon, cream cheese and bagels, and my husband had fruit with yogurt and granola.  They came to us pretty fast because we ordered things you can basically just throw on a plate.  When I got my plate, it had a variety of things you might want to put on your locks and bagels that were listed in the menu under what I ordered.  They were missing capers, which  was sad but I wasn't going to bug room service over a minor side.  Then I tasted the salmon which was grey around the edges.  It tasted fishy, which is bad because in all the smoked salmon I've ever eaten, I've never once had it taste fishy.  I called room service to order something else, which was eggs benedict.  That was much better, but they put the hollandaise sauce on the side, which got a little messy.  My husbands breakfast was good, but its pretty hard to F up fruit and yogurt. . . Had it not been for the view and polite service, I would have given this place a one star.  I expect this kind of stuff at Motel 6, not at an nicer hotel in Las Vegas.
Well....the rooms are small, staff was o-kay, and the casino sucked. The rooms looked clean, but didn't feel clean. The beds were sooooo hard. I woke up hurting every morning and it wasn't because of the drinking. And charging $15 for Internet? Ridiculous!  I won't be staying here again.
Such shame once popular location became a dump so fast. Won't return even they offer free room.
Nice casino, they used to have a giant slot machine here a few years back but they've taken it out :( I've been up their 'eiffel tower', but then again I've also been up the real Eiffel so it can't compare. You can get 2 for 1 tickets during check-in. They just opened up a Gorden Ramsey Steakhouse May 2012, but I haven't gotten to try it yet. I stayed here several months back but wouldn't stay again, because I found something on the toilet seat..they obviously don't clean thoroughly enough, and I'm not sure what other things I will find if I stayed again. :/
I love everything about Paris except staying there.  The beds are worse than the beds were at Motel 6 in the 1970s.  The bedding is course, scratchy and thin.  The mattress is one of the least comfortable hotel beds I have ever slept in.. . Stay elsewhere but go enjoy Paris for the food and atmosphere.
Eh. But I guess we deserve that because it was one of the cheaper hotels. . The sheets are like sand paper. The carpet in the entire room was wet -- not sure why.... Nothing special.
In my opinion this place is way overrated.  The shops and restaurants are mediocre at best.  For some reason being inside here reminds me so much of the New York New York which is also on the strip.   The rooms and service are ok but other than that there are so many other casinos on the strip that blow this place out of the water.  Skip this one and visit some of the better ones.
Very nice rooms the decore was appropriate for the them of the hotel ,rooms were clean and the decore in the hall way was beautiful, the parking not good and finding the front of the hotel was not easy, but what can one expect on the strip. Eating was great at the Sugar factory, but do'nt get up late you will find that there are not much of any restrants that serve brunch for those of us who rise late in the day. The early bird gets the good breakfeast not sleepers like me. Not much luck in the casino but i had no luck at any of the casinos this trip, i was on a 15 day tour, stayed at 5 hotels. The VIP service needs emprovment. I was not approached or advised of my comps. I had to go to the concierge to get what information i needed. The front desk sould of advised me of the services and comps i had. I critique fine dinning and hotels, I did eat at GORDON RAMSAY Steak, wounderful food and excellent service i was lucky to get the two best people in the very nice restaurant, Michelle and Joye excellent service, i talked to the manager Jenn Hughes and told her how pleased i was with the service. What ever you do do'nt call for reservations this place is booked up and the phone service is horrible the phone service is not related to the reasturant .
What better way to experience a part of Paris in Vegas style? From the Eiffel Tower to the gondola's from the outside to the inside of this resort. The exquisite detailed design of the hotel is breathtaking.. . Once walking inside, you notice that it feels like you are still outside from the beautiful clouds drawn on the ceiling. Yes, I might add that some of the designs were out of the ordinary...but design wise was ok indoors. (Prefer looking at the outside though).  . . Gambling here wasn't very lucky...more losses instead of wins. So I would suggest not to gamble here...Bad luck! . . Complementary rooms sounds nice right? We received a room for two queen sized beds...but they did offer an upgrade for $60 for a king size. No thanks. (Wouldn't want to pay for resort fees). . . Once we walked inside our room, the view was not that great...you can only see Planet Hollywood, Aria and Cosmopolitan. The air conditioning wasn't too great...had to set it a few times for it to work properly. There was a flat plasma television bolted to the wall so this was pretty nice...glad they updated. The dresser was a bit too big for the room...kind of felt cramped; however, there was a his and hers closet. The refrigerator/freezer took awhile to cool...almost 24 hours to freeze.... . The restroom was pretty big with a shower and a tub. The toilet was not bolted oncorrectly. The sink was nice and big, but would have liked two sinks...it's big enough to fit two. I hated the fact that the mirror to check yourself out was behind the restroom door...should be in the room...I know there is a mirror in the center of the room, but you can only see half your body.. . So I had to save the best for last...the beds...Yes, I have to admit that these beds were comfortable. Although, they felt sticky...so I'm guessing it was leftover detergent residue. The sheets were all inside out or placed incorrectly. I had to use a towel on my pillow just so I wouldn't get residue or any bacteria on my face.... . Overall, I didn't really like Paris much...especially staying here. However, I'm glad that this was complimentary because I definitely would have asked for a refund. I would not recommend staying here even for gambling. Just remember the outside...take pictures and move on to the next resort.
My fifth visit to Paris and for the first time I was a little disappointed.  Although the staff was as friendly and as courteous as ever, I did not appreciate being charged an early arrival fee (especially since I had paid a premium fee for my second night -- apparently there was a convention booked.) I had two meals at Ile St Louis, the sidewalk cafe-style restaurant, and was disappointed with both.  Though the duck was advertized on the menu as being accompanied by "rosemary polenta", rather a treat, at least to me, it arrived with mashed potatoes and a half-assed apology from the waiter.  Undaunted, the next morning I ordered the Eggs Benedict, but they were unbelievably salty, almost inedible.  (On my third morning I walked up to the Venetian for breakfast.)  I am also irritated that the "smoking rooms" are all on the fourth floor, with no possible chance of a view of anything.  Smokers are NOT second class citizens and should NOT be treated as such!  If things have not improved, after my next visit I will find a different hotel in which to stay. .     But I will miss the ambience of "Paris".  I do like the Casino which is large enough to make one feel like one is "on the Strip", but small enough so you don't need a cell phone to find your traveling companion.  The entrances are convenient,  the location is superb, and the staff is congenial if, in some cases, not particularly helpful.  I will HATE having to find a new favorite place to stay in Las Vegas, but find one I most definitely will.
ROOM: 1/5. Beds: Lumpy and loud. It sort of felt like we were sleeping on dry rice balls instead of the plush mattress we were expecting.. . Cleanliness: Pretty filthy. Dust on and under every surface, dark stains splattered across the carpet, more stains on the drapes... ugh. A nightmare.. . Decor: Horribly outdated. I'm sure it would have looked very spiffy in the '60s, but it's way past time for a remodel. True Paris hotels haven't looked like this in decades.. . Bathroom: In a word: uncomfortable. It was small, it smelled nasty, and the water pressure was awful.. . CASINO: 2/5. Atmosphere: Fun, but it's incredibly crowded, all the time. Breathing room? Forget about it. Even if you can afford the tables, you'll have littleluck finding an empty spot to squeeze into.. . Decor: Colorful and fun. The Eiffel Tower ride is a wonderful way to get some decent snapshots of the Strip.. . Machines: They're missing most of the newest machines (Blackjack, Poker). This is very disappointing. If all you care about is playing the cheap slots, though, then you may not mind as much.. . Tables: They're very short on tables, and what tables they do have are always overpriced -- $25 is a typical minimum for most nights.. . FOOD: 4/5. Paris sports one of the best buffets in Vegas, and the little cafes and eateries are wonderful. It's rather limited in the way of hearty dinner options, though -- this place is mostly big on breakfast.. . FINAL NOTES. The rooms are awful; I will never, ever stay here again. I also never bother gambling here because of the table prices and the crowds. The buffet, however, is definitely worth braving said crowds.
kind of sad this was a top hotel but now it is old and worn out like most to the total rewards hotels.  Rooms need to be upgraded
I have to say right when we got there it started off bad. So when we were asked if we like help with our bags we said YES well needless to say we got no help with them at all. Then we got all checked in. Well We had no hot water at all... i mean none... So the first night i was thinking ok maybe it will be fixed well the  night 2 still no hot water at all again when we called the front desk some one was sent up.  he could not do anything about it. well he told them we needed a room change. So later on around 945 we got a call saying if we really wanted to be moved to call but they really didnt have anything tell the next day. So come the next day we got the run around. telling us we needed to get out bag and bring them down to changes room but we would not have a room tell 1 and if we are not back by 6 we mite not have a room.... WTF dose that mean? Then the bell boy asked what happened and was like i don think they told u that!!! WTF i could not make that up if i want to. Needless to say ho one was nice no one was helpful the one nice people where the 3 young men working the bar closer to the lobby and the guy who came to try to fix our water issue. but other then that every one was rude! I don't think i will go back here again
Here is the quick and dirty. This place is fine, not great. . . The room and bathroom were very nice. We stayed on the 22nd floor. The prices are also pretty good, we stayed over New Years and they had some of the best prices for their location.  The location was really good too...it is in the center of everything. . . Downsides, we self-parked and to get to registration and the elevators you have to lug your bags EVERYWHERE! Everything is VERY spread out! Pack light if you can. They didn't give us room keys that were programed correctly too! Which ment that it was a 15 min hike back to the lobby to fix the keys...thank goodness there was this nice man on our floor that worked their and called security to have them let us in.  Security was super professional, friendly and nice to us. We actually didn't spend any time in the hotel at all, I wasn't a fan of the casino. With everything being so spread out you didn't get the feel of being welcome and held in. We ended up going over to the Bellagio and Planet Hollywood for food and fun. They also charge you for internet, but that isn't that uncommon and it was pretty reasonably priced. We did get charged for signing up two different laptops in the same 24 hr period, but it was only $15 each. . . Overall, the price is right and the location is key so I'd stay again.
I think the location is awesome BUT the room not so much. Maybe because I should have been on a higher floor, I was on 10. My room needed an upgrade. The beds were saggy (dbl rm) in the middle, the shower is too small and kinda black in corners, I believe it may have been mold or dirt?? Bad reception on my cell and my 3G ipad. Internet cost 15 a day. The best thing I had in the room service, was room service. I was here for work, if I had had a choice, I'd of certainly stayed elsewhere.
I used to be a long-time loyal customer of Paris Hotel. I stayed here many times during the past. I wanted to find out if the hotel provided fee wifi in the room. Because I couldn't find any information online, I had to call up the hotel. They told me that the rate was $14.95 per day (24 hours). . When I checked into the hotel, my husband used wifi on his PS Vita and I used wifi on my iPad. We were staying for one night. I was assuming that we would only be charged $14.95 for wifi because that was what I was told over the phone. When it was time for me to check-out, I found out that they charged me TWICE for wifi! I went to the front desk in person to dispute the charges. The receptionist told me that wifi was $14.95 PER day PER apparatus. I thought that it was very misleading. I told them that I was told over the phone that it was just $14.95 per day, and we only stayed one night. No one made any mention to me that it was $14.95 per day per apparatus. The receptionist kept insisting that their policy was $14.95 per day per apparatus. I made it clear that this type of information could not be found anywhere online and not even when I inquired over the phone. I even told her that the LAX Marriott only charged one flat fee per day regardless of how many apparatuses you use. The receptionist told me that Paris Hotel was part of a different company (which was Harrah's) which I thought was a lame excuse. It was clear that they treated their customers worse here than Marriott. Way to go. I concluded that this was their cheap way to make a quick buck off a customer which was very unfair. . Word of advice to all hotel owners: NEVER punish your most loyal customers unless you NEVER want them to come back.. By then I was very upset of having to pay another $14.95. I was starving and was planning to eat at Paris Buffet. But because of what just happened, my husband and I decided to eat at Wicked Spoon instead. We will NOT bringing back our business to Paris Hotel ever again! This is what they get for ripping off a loyal customer. There are plenty of better hotels on the Vegas Strip.
This hotel has gone down hill. We used to stay here every year but not anymore. The room was outdated with a not so pleasant smell. The shower water smelled like rotten eggs and what is with the TV on the far side of the wall. The only positive to our stay there was Francisco the consierge. He was so very helpful and nice. Just because we are a rewards customer we deserved better.
The common areas are nice but the rooms are a dump.  I check in 45 early and was charged $15 for early check-in fee.  I decided to check-out early and they charged me $50 for early departure fee.  Internet was free.  Stay at the Bellagio across the street for the same price, less fee's and a nicer experience.
Hubby and I stayed here for 3 nights.  The first night the room we'd requested wasn't available (King deluxe or something, the important part was a King bed) so they had us in a double Queen.  They had some fancy King room available but it was $150 upcharge.  Seems to me if a reservation is messed up and the better room is available they should just give it to the inconvenienced couple instead of putting them in a lesser room, but hey, what do I know.  So we stayed in the room with 2 smaller beds the first night and actually had decidedthat we'd probably just keep that one.  Until hubs took a shower and found it didn't drain.  OK,  new room 3 floors up we went. . . Like our first room, the bed was very comfortable but we could hear every noise outside the room.  Oddly enough other guests were really considerate and not making much noise at all - it was the staff and their carts (housekeeping and room service) that were loud!  I don't think they were intentionally loud, or any louder than any other hotel, just that the doors and walls were that thin.  Oh!  And our newer king bed room?  Right next to the ice machine!  So each time the ice machine filled with water we heard it.  That was obnoxious. . . The best upside - comfy bed.  Followed by shades that actually kept the room dark. Oh, and it's a pretty centralized location.   . . Downsides - awful water pressure.. Teeny, tiny shower. . Stained carpet.  It kind of freaked me out.  Hubs and I joked that a hooker probably had been killed in our room. . Noisy. Smoky smell even on the non-smoking floors. 11 am check out with no chance of late check out. . . I wouldn't stay there again.  There are too many other good options on and off the strip.
Probably some of the least impressive rooms I've ever seen in Las Vegas. The casino and Paris vibe are decent, but not happy with the rest of my experience.. . The rooms are standard hotel rooms. They must've decided not to carry the Paris theme into the rooms for some reason. And there seemed to be a lot of wear and tear in the rooms. The TVs are old and the remote hardly worked.. . The worst part was the nickel and diming. They wouldn't let me check into my room a couple hours early without paying an extra $25. Wouldn't be so bad, except their check-in times were like 4pm. Also, internet is not free.. . I guess like everything in Vegas, the whole purpose is to get you there and then slowly take money away from you. For some reason I expected more from the Paris.
I am prejudice on this one.. I grew up on the border of France and Germany and went to Paris more often than i would have liked.. I don't like it there, with that a biased review.. Paris is pretentious, overpriced, dirty, snotty, snooty...just like the city itself.. yes, there are nice areas, it is romantic, but its run down and showing its wear and tear.. They  haven't remodeled in years and it shows, it kind of reminds me of the NY NY, I bet they had the same designer years and years ago.. I have yet to eat something good here (hey, again just like in the city itself) or recieve good service.. Actually, on my last visit, I couldn't help myself and had to call out the host on being a bitch, hows that for the city of love?
Paris hotel Las Vegas is not a 4 star hotel it is 3 star  hotel all the way...  If the customer service was better it might be a 3.5. But the customer service is just as awlful as the hotel. Please pay the extra money to stay somewhere nice like Venetian or Bellagio.
I attended a conference held here and stayed 4 nights. The conference facilities were adequate, and the hotel room was ok but quite outdated and a bit dirty. Housekeeping was inconsistent and problematic. . . The casino facilities are super depressing and sad. This place is, by far, worse than any Indiana or even Mississippi casino I have visited. The patrons are old and sad. The cocktail waitresses are old and sad. The decor is extremely artificial (in a bad way) and I couldn't wait to get to a place that didn't bring me down as much. . . The restaurants are no better. They should tear this craphole down to build something worth going to.
I attended a 5-day educational conference here. First of all the check-in process is painful and the staff are snotty. The Disney-like Paris sidewalk theme was cute for about a day. After that it seemed immature, cluttered and dirty. Their restaurants feel like fast food and the service was horrible. We went to their Eiffel Tower Restaurant for dinner at the recommendation of a friend. I requested the Beef Wellington. The waitress had never heard of such a thing. Really, true story. I was so pissed. . . A hotel cannot be pricey and uppity and incompetent and dirty and tacky all at the same time.. . There are sooooo many better options in Vegas. Unless of course you have kids... they may find it more entertaining.
Stayed there this week . Nice property, good buffet, but watch out for all the added charges . Extra fees ala the airlines for early check in, late check out, the $20 daily resort fee covers only one device for wifi Internet, other devices cost 15 each per day. They nickel and dime you to death here. The housekeeper didn't show up til 4 pm, the pool lounge chairs were in disrepair. Maybe Paris/Ballys Should take Some of those extra fees they are collecting above the room cost and repair the pool chairs and hire more maids so the room will be cleaned before 5 pm!. . This is a nice hotel, could be 4 stars easily, but greedy and ineffective management reduced it to 2 stars so people are forewarned that the additional gouging fees are coming and you dont get shocked. In this Ballys hotel, you're not a guest, youra TARGET! We will go elsewhere next trip. No more Ballys houses for us!
Paris Las Vegas, What a disappointment!  All was going well until we came back from a show and the parking structure at Paris was full and we were rudely told we could not park in our own hotel structure and that we had to park all the way to Planet Hollywood. Which was far for walking distance and we were so tired.  By the way we were not allowed in a parking structure that was full but yet had tons of cars coming out of it AND the guy was rude. wow..why? I believe in treating people how you want to be treated and I doubt these workers want to be treated that way on their vacation. So we go ahead and speak with a manager named Sebastian at the front desk and state our concerns... I am saying names so you all know this is a true story. Sebastian gave us a look like "I just work here" and the "well I can't do anything even though I am a manager" talk. He tried to pawn us off on some 800 hotline, like that was gonna help. He really didn't care. I get it Sebastian that you probably hear it up to your ears all day about complaints but what about us happy go lucky people that really deserve to be heard and feel that yes, great customer service does exist?  Just reliving that whole experience after we stayed an extra night for 100 dollars plus resort fees is just so unbelievably tragic to understand how you had no consideration for us. Let me not forget to mention that we fell asleep waiting for room service and that when it finally did arrive, my salad was so bad in taste it scarred me to ever like bacon again..BACON..bacon is sacred and now I don't care for it because your bacon dressing was not appetizing. The tower was cool.....at a price. I had to at least say something nice.
Hotel room prices were pretty high all across the board the weekend of our stay so we picked Paris as it wasn't as expensive as our usual favorite hotels to stay at.  Turned out to be not my cup of tea for so many different reasons.. . First of all it is very difficult making a right turn into the hotel because cars pulling into the hotel share the same light as pedestrians - and there are throngs of them at all times!  Be prepared to sit in traffic and wait.  Better yet make a left turn into the hotel from the opposite side of the Strip.. . I like to feel that wow factor from the moment I check in to a hotel to when I check out.  I certainly did not feel that vibe in the hotel registration area.  There was nothing grand about it and I certainly could not feel it with the clientele there (think fried 80's style perms).  . . Then there's the rooms.  We reserved one of the updated Red Rooms but my hotel room at the Hampton Inn for a work trip was even nicer.  The hotel, even with the renovation, just screamed old, and the rooms were small.  Bathroom towels were thin and rough and many of them were dirty.  In addition the only mirrors were in the bathroom - not female friendly :p. . Worst of all: cobblestone on the casino floor leading up to the guest elevators.  Talk about not being female friendly!  Hard enough to walk on that kind of floor in flats so imagine high heels!  . . The good thing about the hotel is its location (if you are walking).  Was easy to get to Planet Hollywood, Cosmopolitan, and Bellagio where we did a lot of our eating and shopping.  Also, Sugar Factory is right there and they have good food and good celebrity spotting at times.  (Heard good things about Gordon Ramsay Steak but didn't eat there on that trip.)  Can say we tried it but we won't be staying there again.
I stayed here in 2005.  I loved it.  Easy to get around, great pool etc.  My recent visit loved the food, pool, casino and staff.  My room was so dated.  My ref rig hummed all night.  The mattress was a Fred and Ethel Mertz style.  Baseboards, paint, decor all needs a makeover.  I can not believe a hotel would allow itself to get so run down.  Not worth the money i paid at all.  Next!!
We were so excited to stay at the Paris. Every trip we make to Vegas we eat at Mon Ami Gabi and watch the Bellagio fountains. . . I had such high expectations for this place, I guess you get what you pay for (we booked at $57 per night). I was terribly disappointed that there was an early check in fee even though our room was ready and it was 1:30pm. When we learned that Paris was adding resort fees we were happy to know that since we booked prior to the fees being initiated they would be waived; however perks associated with the resort fees were also waived. No wifi!. . Our room was on the 22nd floor overlooking the parking lots :(. The walls were banged up and we only had 2 large towels. . . The photos make the Paris pool look beautiful. That photographer deserves a prize. The pool is small and 3/4 of the pool chairs on the deck are broken.. . I'm not sure if the Paris is hurting financially, if so not amount of resort fee or perk will entice me to return.
Just trying out new hotels on the strip.  So far my ratings go as follows:. 1. Bellagio - Very Nice, but also very pricey.. 2. New York, New York - comfortable and you don't even need to leave the hotel.  It has everything you need here.. 3. Excallibur - Been a long time, but I remember that it was a pretty decent place.. 4. Bally's - Can you believe it... for as old as it is, it beat out the Paris.  Better spa, better pool area and the pool was not as frigid as the Paris.. 5. Paris - The tower was cool, but not cool enough for me to spend $19 per person to just go to the top.  Also, the pool was extremely frigid.  Everyone that was getting into the pool, was also getting out right away, or just dipping their feet in.  Even on one of the 100+ degree days the pool felt like iceberg water.  They did have good drinks at the casino bar, and the rooms were standard.
Nice hotel but false advertising with the offer of wifi (part of 'resort fee'). No wifi available... Get with the times Paris.. Don't pay that fee if u come here... Get with it, Paris!
Not worth it!. . Overall:. Housekeeping, very nice.. Front Desk service= ugh.... Gordon Ramsay Steak= AMAZING. Room Service= Satisfactory. Hotel keeping your non-smoking request= not a big priority for them.. . My husband and I are frequent Vegas tourists-- we usually go an average of 3 times a year for a little R&R and we usually stay 2 or 3 nights and do most of the typical Vegas tourist things.  We've stayed at a lot of places in Las Vegas and we won't be coming back here for sure.. . We booked through Paris Las Vegas' website and booked two NON-SMOKING rooms for us and our friends for two nights Thursday-Saturday.  We got into town at about 8pm and got in line to check in.  The line was a bit longer, but it was fine.  We get up to the desk to check in and they were completely out of non-smoking rooms... we even had a DEPOSIT in on our rooms and they didn't do anything to make us feel better about it.  . . We tried to be good sports about it and we took the smoking rooms-- they put us on a list to get a different room for the next night and that's all they would do to accommodate us.  The rooms were totally GROSS.  We woke up feeling gross and like there was smoke remnants all through our hair.  My eyes felt crusty in the morning and I totally had ash in my nose-- SUPER NASTY.  We could see the dust (or ash) floating around in the room... ugh.. . The next day we came back to switch rooms... we couldn't get into the new room until 4pm the next day.  I was disappointed that they didn't offer to upgrade us to a better room with non-smoking since we had been very specific that we didn't want a smoking room.  They clearly over book the hotel for non-smoking and then they do everything on a first come, first serve basis.  This must be very common for them too because the people at the front desk almost saw this as a routine and were totally expressionless when giving us the news that we wouldn't be getting what we had reserved with our deposit.  . . Once we were in the new non-smoking room, it was cleaner in the air, but it was still Paris Las Vegas... The bathroom was nice and clean, but not as glitzy or exciting like other places we've stayed.  The linens are starting to show their wear and tear and some of the towels smelled bleachy.  The bed was fine, but nothing spectacular.  The housekeeping people are nice though.  Room service is fine, but nothing amazing.  Their portions are pretty good though and they were right on time for what they quoted.. . The rest of the hotel is nicer though-- Gordon Ramsay Steak was amazing and the casino is still pretty nice.  The bakery there is also very good and we enjoyed getting crepes there too.. . We won't be staying here again... Booking a room here means that you'll get a room but it might not be exactly what you want.  I'd come back to eat at Gordon Ramsay Steak anytime, but that's probably the only thing that would bring me back to Paris Las Vegas.
Just got back from a 5 day stay.  I go to Vegas once a year, and this is the 3rd time I've stayed here.  I've had decent experiences here in the past.  This time was different.. . I'll start out with the "fees".  I guess everyone wants to be an airline nowadays, and try to hide what it really costs to use their product.  In addition to the cost of our room, there was a $20/day non-optional resort fee, and $15 early check-in fee . . We were an hour early at 3pm - we opted just to wait an hour and come back for our keys rather than pay the extra $15.  I question the logic of making me leave the blackjack table to go back to the front desk a 2nd time in an effort to stick me for an extra $15, but hey, it's not my hotel.. . The additional $20 non-optional resort fee includes access to the fitness facility and internet.  Since I planned to use neither of these things during my vacation, I would have preferred to be able to "opt out", or simply pay for these items as I chose to use them.  Since you can't, this isn't a "resort fee", it's part of the room cost.  . . No, the $20 resort fee or $15 check-in fee aren't going to break me, but they're just irritating.  For the life of me, I don't know why hotels want to join the ranks of airlines in finding new ways to irritate the crap out of their customers.. . The hotel is ok.  It's located in the middle of the strip, so it's convenient.  The restaurants are all good.  The pool is nice, and set up well.  The casino is laid out well, and the tables priced about average.. . The staff is just...well...rude.  There's no other way to put it.  The girl at the check-in desk was rude.  The cashier in the cage was rude.  The waitress at the pool was way beyond rude.  I will say the dealers were nice though, and the housekeeping staff went out of their way to be nice, and kept the rooms clean and well serviced.. . This hotel is starting to show it's age.  The beds are starting to show wear.  They took the old refrigerators out of the rooms this year and replaced them with smaller units, but the carpets have stains where the old refrigerators used to be.. . In my previous stays I probably would have given this resort 4 stars, but this trip it was definitely lacking.
This is a review of the pool area only because I haven't been inside the hotel. . . The pool is lame. It is freezing. I do mean freezing! The only time this would be nice is when it is 110+, but I was there on a 103 day and it was way too cold. We rented a cabana and were highly disappointed. They are so far away from the pool and the rest of the stuff going on that you have to take a fairly long walk. . . It is basically a tent with a concrete floor ad a ceiling fan. They advertised that you would have drinks and food included in the price of the cabana. They also advertised a waitress to get you all of these things. Well not the case. Some guy comes by and gives you a fruit basket with fruit that is about to go bad. The drinks that were included were 10 small water bottles (8oz). Also not included in the price, but charged to you when you check out is 18% gratuity. This doesn't go to the girl who comes by once every hour to check and see if you need anything for extra charge it actually goes to the guy who brought by the fruit who you see once. . . The girl who comes by every hour or less, otherwise known as your "waitress" asks if you need anything. She won't bring you food or drinks from the pool cafe, but she will take your money from bringing you alcoholic drinks from inside. Also, if you want food that is actual food instead of snacks you have to order from room service.. . Basically the experience was not good at all. I will not go back. Go get a cabana at the Monte Carlo or the Cosmo, but don't go here.
I have stayed at this hotel several times and had some mixed comments but never posted them.  This last trip-- well i am not going to stay there again.  Let me tell you what my issues were with this hotel. Things are going downhill at this place. . 1) Pillows were small and hard--- sore neck. Bed was old and bulged in center.. 2) Could not get water hot enough to enjoy shower 3/3 days. . 3) Internet was slow and intermittent. I called the desk--- was put on hold for over 10 min. Called back and a maintenance person came to the room and explained the wireless system was quite old and wireless routers only on every other floor. So not only was signal week--- if in heavy use very slow. He said he would make sure I would have internet charges reversed.. Of course at check out he had never made a note of it and they had no record of him coming to the room (they claim all service calls are noted). . 4) Ate one meal in the main breakfast restaurant. Was not that crowded. SErvice was not only slow but they brought us the wrong order.. the bill was incorrect.  etc etc.  . It is unfortunate because the lobby is nice and it is a nice place to play cards or slots or whatever you fancy.  Dealers were generally friendly. Good location on the strip.
Paris used to be a beautiful hotel but when you're not in the main casino area with the shops and tables, you can tell that they've let the place get run down. I've stayed at Paris years ago and remember it being a much cleaner than it is now. I stayed recently over the weekend and the hotel room was pretty disgusting. Therewas hair on the floor, the sink was backed up, and the shower was dingy and dirty, one of the beds had very small dark spots/stains on the sheets as well. Also, the beds were very uncomfortable and worn out!. . Other items:. . Food - The food is ok, nothing to write home about. Their buffet is probably their saving grace but it does not stack up against the newer places like Wicked Spoon and Caesar's. . Casino - Didn't spend too much but they have at least all the basic tables and slots, but it is much smaller than other places. Entertainment - Did not watch anything this time so I can't comment. Pool - Didn't go into it but it's incredibly small compared to other places . . When you take a vacation, you expect to go to a nice, clean and relaxing environment and not go somewhere where you wish you were back home in a nice clean bed. Sorry Paris, you were a huge disappointment and I would never recommend you until you fix all of the problems.
Cons:  They screwed up my bill even though I carefully questioned them at check out and called them twice on the day I left to make sure that i wouldn't have my roommates charges on my bill.  I just received my visa bill, and guess what, not only was my half of the room bill on there but the ENTIRE bill for her and my stay.  I was more than double billed.. Super crowded hotel, very congested.  Not my choice since it was a convention.. Price was not worth it.  Bed was hard.  View of nothing but a roof top and a wall.. Catered food by hotel was not worth the price.  Wait staff was rude - took away my food even though I wasn't finished eating, more than once!. I'm not sure but I don't think the free part of the TV worked for us.. . Pros:  Quiet, food in the restaurants was usually good and prices were not bad but wait time at the restaurants was usually long.. Empty mini fridge was great.. Ironing board and iron.
I am local Las Vegan and I have rarely gone inside the Paris. Perhaps I've popped in once or twice, but never have I stayed here and I have never heard much said about the place, save for the restaurants. I ended up coming here because I was having lunch with friends at Mon Ami Gabi.. . I'm giving two stars because just from walking around inside the casino it was pretty "meh".. . First off, the parking garage is horrible and is shared between Bally's and Paris. It's hard to get to, it's annoying to navigate, and it's placement is not helpful. Secondly I really dislike it when casino's parking garages push you out into a long hallway you have to walk down in order to get to the actual casino. Whoever decided it would be a great idea to put a long, cobble walkway between the garage and the casino floor... well, let's just say, not the brightest architectural genius out there. . . The signage, although cute like little street signs, makes navigation throughout the casino hard. I found myself walking all the way up to the little signs and making circles around them in order to read where they were all pointing and what they were all pointing to. The sign for Mon Ami Gabi is non-existent until you get right in front of the restaurant and by that time you've found the place out of sheer luck anyway. . . The casino itself is somewhat out-dated. I could definitely see room for improvement and renovation. I realize casinos on the strip age quickly, especially when newer ones burst onto the scene (IE: Cosmo, Aria, etc.), but that's just the way it goes. Paris should consider a new idea and get rid of the damn cobblestone flooring.
This hotel is far better looking from the outside. The casino floor isn't very inviting, nor was I impressed with the buffet. That's all I have to say about that.
I spent only one night here and then moved to Ceasar's Palace the next day. The room was "clean" and everything. Nothing to complain about for its price and everything. . . I entered the room, took my flipflops off, opened my luggage to organize my toiletry and makeup bags, went to the bathroom, and then I felt irritation on my right foot below my ankle. Well, well, well, I found a flea-bite looking red bump. Some time later like less than hour, the red bump became bigger and turned into like a blister.. . This happened on 9/19/13 and today's 9/23/13. The bite is still there, often irritating and tender/sore. I think I'm allergic to dirty carpet???
A recent stay at Paris reminded me of how much Caesars neglects its properties compared to MGM Resorts. The hotel's location is tough to beat - center strip with a great view of the Fountains of Bellagio. The casino is pretty cool because they haven't dethemed the hell out of the place like MGM has done with Luxor, Treasure Island, NYNY. The reason Paris gets 2 stars from me is because the rooms and common areas are terribly dated. You can keep the old french charm while updating the interior to make the place more modern and appealing. The room, while clean, is lacking any modern day technological touches - you could step into this room in 2001 and it would probably still look the same. I'd like to see some usb ports, motorized curtains, etc. The hotel is definitely geared towards an older crowd (baby boomers +). Overall, I really can't see myself returning here on a regular basis - for the price, I'd go with Planet Hollywood, the Mirage, Monte Carlo, MGM Grand, or Mandalay Bay over Paris any day. . . **Tip - if you self park, enter off of Audre Street, which is accessible off of Harmon Avenue - the driveway setup at Paris is terrible because people never obey the walk signs for the crosswalk - be prepared to drive aggressively if you ever want to make it into the driveway.
I love this place, Paris (the actual city) is one of my favorites in the world, and this hotel really does a decent job capturing its essence. Aside from the aesthetics this place is a huge pain in the Brie rind! My cell service is horrible, there is a modem in our room but a $15 per day charge for wifi (not to mention is only available on one device even after paying and horrible service), the cable is shabby and lacking of the most popular basic cable channels, and room service is full of fees and bogus charges. We are here on business and supposed to be given Diamond Club access but it will take them 3-4 days to "process"??? our info? Am I wrong to see that as completely ridiculous? And I know my cell service isn't the hotels fault but if I was allowed wifi I don't think my cell service would be such an issue. I shouldn't have to be dealing w my cell provider while away on business in Vegas. I feel almost trapped and kept from all basic conveniences in order to be lured downstairs into the casino and do not feel that my needs as a guest away from home have been considered at all. Also as stated, being here on business for a full week I would like to take it easy and relax being able to watch regular cable tv as I would back home after a full day of work. I feel at over $150 a night on the Vegas strip that it isn't far fetched to expect what the local Motel 6 offers and some.
Ugh. They added a "mandatory" internet fee of $22 on to my room bill and then the internet didn't work. They also make the self check-out process pretty complicated, and I suspect the are waiting for you to slip up so they can tack on some more charges. I know this is Vegas, and that is what they do, but it pissed me off. The concierge/check in has a huge line and you have to wait forever. . . The room was fine. I guess it was priced ok for Las Vegas- about $120. The bathroom was nice. The casino itself was pretty cool, with all the Parisian elements. But man, that mandatory internet fee is terrible. I would probably stay elsewhere next time.
Skip-able. . . Tacky. Loud. Skip.
Make sure, when you check-in, that you ask if you are being charged a resort fee. If you are, you get free wifi and gym access. We were not told this upon check-in and wasted $22 by not using the wifi since the sign in page states $15 per day per device. It is not mentioned it is comp with resort fee. Front desk should be trained to state this fact. Kinda disingenuous in my opinion.
After years of coming here the rooms are in desperate need of a major make over. Once a real nice rooms when they first opened up but now the rooms are falling apart like a cheap motel. Unless it's free or $50 I would not stay here. . . Rather stay at the new jubilee tower at ballys so much nicer, comparable to much higher end hotels, I was very impressed.. . The casino itself is nice but the rooms forget it. Don't eat at any of the over priced restaurants either.
The Eiffel Tower is iconic and it lures you to come to the casino.  In fact the going up the tower is cool and should be tried.  But meanwhile, it alone this doesn't keep your interest up in sticking around.  There is a hallway that connects it to Bally's, but who cares; why would you want to go to a pathetically small boring casino and the shops in the hallway are equally unimpressive.  Then the casino.  Looks nice and big, but it's uneventful and boring.  It just seems too sterile.  Table dealers are not as friendly as the other casinos too.  Slots seem old and tend to bore the seasoned players.  I really don't find myself coming to this casino too often for these reasons.
Talk about disappointed. We came here for a family trip a few years back, when the hotel was fairly new and it was just a bad experience. I came back here with some friends again about two years ago and nothing had improved.. . Positives: The location, it's walking distance to all the main hotels on the strip, The lobby is really pretty- you really feel like you might be in a nice area of Paris. Their buffet is great. Large selection of food and everything is delicious.. . Negatives: The rooms, both times I went were broken down. The lamp shades were broken, the room felt kind dirty and stuffy. Even though the lobby is very pretty there is VERY little to do at the hotel. Not very many shops or restaurants in the lobby to keep you entertained. Most of the hotels in Vegas has so much to offer that you don't even feel like leaving where you're staying, but Paris hotel isn't quit like that.
I've been staying at different hotels in the strip for a couple of years and the Paris Las Vegas is the worst I've been to. . . --------------------------------------------. THE FRONT DESK EXPERIENCE. --------------------------------------------. The beginning of the experience upon checking in was horrible to begin with. The front desk agent, Ms. Youngmi has inexistent customer service skills and should not be working in the hospitality industry. She was very condescending and never even bothered to make me feel welcomed in the hotel. . . I booked my room through Expedia, but through her own ineptitude she cannot locate my reservation. She gave me an attitude and insisted that the confirmation numbers that I have from Expedia doesn't mean anything on their computer system. She never made any effort to assist me at all even if I'm showing her the email confirmation from Expedia and the Expedia app on the phone. When I had requested if I can be helped by someone else, she said in a very rude tone -- "If I cannot find your reservation, I'm sure they cannot. Go ahead go back in line and have someone else assist you!" . . I've never been treated this way in a hotel before. I was so upset that I took her picture so that I can later complain about her. Note that I wouldn't take her picture at all if she wasn't rude to me in the first place. When she saw me do this, she insisted that I erase her picture on my phone and that she would call security if I didn't. I was standing back in lineat this point and she was making a scene and everyone was looking at us. I don't like the attention especially if I have not done anything wrong. I didn't delete her picture and she went back inside and threatened to call security.. . Eventually I was assisted by a more competent front desk agent who was able to pull up my reservation. Ms. Youngmi later came out with the Front Desk Manager On-Duty, Mr. Robert Leach who apologized for her agent's behavior.. . However, check out this other Yelp review: http://www.yelp.com/biz/paris-las-vegas-las-vegas-3#hrid:O_S76rqTGdsZpc20dPVkrQ Apparently it's for the same front desk agent, Ms. Youngmi. And this review was from last year. So maybe there is a pattern of behavior for this agent and it's not being addressed by the hotel.. . --------------------------------------------. THE ROOM. --------------------------------------------. For the price, the room doesn't measure up to Aria, The Cosmopolitan, MGM, or Bellagio -- which are probably the same price range or only slightly more expensive. But the amenities those other hotels offer make up for the price difference. The Paris Las Vegas doesn't really offer anything special... except maybe for the view, which you could also get from The Cosmopolitan or Bellagio. . . Everything in the room looks dated and worn. The glasses in the bathroom even had a lipstick mark and a crack. This is considering that the room that I got was supposedly a high floor corner suite after I paid $40 to be upgraded to it (yeah I know after the horrible front desk experience I still had to pay for this). This non-smoking room also smelled of cigarette smoke all night. Good thing they took out the resort fee after I complained about this.. . --------------------------------------------. BOTTOM LINE. --------------------------------------------. Avoid this hotel. You can get a better room from another hotel for a similar price (or maybe just slightly higher), but the higher price difference is certainly worth it. I'm just not nitpicking on the room because of my horrible front desk experience. But that experience certainly made me dislike this hotel with a passion.. . This hotel has nothing to offer. Move on. Nothing to see here.
