Great concept, but way overpriced, tiny portions, and meh flavor.  I ordered 3 dishes with my friends (glass noodles, tuna cerviche, tacos) and were shocked by how small the dishes were.  We would have needed to order 15 items to get even 1/4 full.  The dishes were expensive too.  Each one was $10-$15, and drinks are also pricey.  My 8oz. diet coke was $5!  8oz is smaller than a can!  Our tiny snack ended up costing $65.  . . This place is supposed to be chinese/mexican fusion, but we couldn't taste the fusion.  It seems like they just add avocado to any chinese dish and call it chinese mexican fusion.  We were really disappointed.  Skip.
A total disappointment.  Food was bland and small.  expect to need at least 3 dishes per person for a minimum of $30/person for an eh meal.  The concept was a good idea, but backless chairs, very small tapas style cuisine, and mediocre food I would skip.
I don't understand how this place is getting such good reviews. It didn't do Chinese OR Mexican food well.. . dan dan noodles - super small portion of noodles for $12... our table of 5 basically got one bite each. . mongolian beef and lettuce - when it came out, i thought it was a salad, there was so much lettuce and the beef was M&M-sized and thus lost in all the lettuce. . tacos - got two orders of this, and it tasted fine, but when the two tacos were SO tiny, they were like two bites each.. . buns - this was fine, not the best, but relative to everything else it was okay.. . Basically it was disappointing. Please don't eat here.
I enjoyed some of the food and drinks at China Poblano, but I am baffled as to what the fuss is all about.. . My biggest pet peeve with this restaurant was that it is pretentiously creative.  I agree that the concept of Chinese and Mexican food served together is an interesting (and successful) one, but then it goes too far.  For example, I ordered gazpacho, expecting some semblance of a cold vegetable soup.  When the waitress brought a fruit plate with orange juice drizzled on top, I assumed the kitchen had made a simple mistake and tried to send it back.  She explained that it was, indeed, gazpacho.  But where was the soup?  She said that the orange juice was the liquid (but literally, the juice was squeezed on like you might squeeze lemon onto a piece of fish...there were only a few drops).  Call it a fruit plate, but don't call it gazpacho.  Gazpacho is a soup.  This was not soup.. . The same thing happened with dessert.  I ordered the mango sticky rice and, behold, there was not a single grain of rice on the plate.  The waitress proudly proclaimed that it was "their take" on sticky rice, which was really a milky reduction with some mango puree.  If it had blown my mind flavor-wise, I would have been fine with it, but as it was it was a weak little dessert and the texture was slimy.. . Also, unless you're dining with only one other person, the concept of sharing at this small plates restaurant will be frustrating.  I spent a relative lot of money on a not-too-substantial amount of food.  Plus, the carnitas tacos were too salty.. . The service, too, was unimpressive.  Our waitress completely forgot to bring a drink my friend had ordered, and the servers were repeatedly bringing the wrong dishes to our table.  Everything seemed disorganized.. . I loved my margarita, the salt breeze margarita (served with a delightfully light and airy salt foam on top).  I also loved the guacamole.  But, really, I can find good margaritas and guacamole at plenty of other places in Vegas.  On the whole, China Poblano was a disappointment.
Mediocre meal; did not have the "wow" factor I was hoping for. . . To start, the hostess attempted to seat my client and I (both in business suits and obviously on a business lunch) at the "communal" table, where she said we would probably be joined by other diners but that "it's okay, because everyone is family."  We glanced around the restaurant and noticed lots of open two seater tables, and kindly requested a private table since we were on a business lunch.  The hostess seemed a bit flustered by our request, but did let us eat at our own table after offering us the bar instead, which we declined.  . . We tried the chips and salsa, queso fundido, langosta tacos (lobster), and mongolian beef lettuce.  The best part of the meal was the lobster tacos.  They were actually very tasty, although on the small side.  Everything else.... not what I expected from such a well known chef.  There's just not much to say besides it just being mediocre food.  Both of us decided it was not the memorable meal we were expecting.  With all of the dining choices at The Cosmopolitan, I will certainly try another option next time.
Portion sizes are like tapas. Prices are like standard entrees. Tastes are nothing to remember. You're basically paying for flashy street food, but the prices are 3-4x more. I initially went to China Poblano because I heard that the tacos were insanely good. I must have misheard that conversation.. . We started off with a pot of Golden Monkey tea, which was pretty good. They hand you a Perfect Tea Timer with your pot, so you can enjoy your brew just how you like it. I was impressed, so far. Then, I ordered some food.. . Appetizesr:. -Shu Mai Scallops (6 pcs) - Shu mai was more gooey than the usual plumpness that I expect from shu mai. It wasn't that great, especially for the $12 price.. -Steamed oat noodles:  noodles were a little overcooked. Dipping sauce was average. Regretted ordering after first bite.. . Food:. -Pancita al Pastor (pork belly + pineapple tacos) (2 pcs) -  This was ok. Didn't blow my mind or anything. I'll take real $2 street tacos over these $9 tacos any day.. -Viva China Tacos (beef tendon + oyster + scallions) -  a taco recommended by the waiter.  Again, nothing special.. -Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich - A tasty, juicy pork sandwich. By far the best tasting food on our table. You only get one per order. And, it's tiny.. . Overall, the apps were mediocre. The food is puny, bland, and pricey. Ended up spending over $30 a person and we were still hungry.. . We stopped ordering food after receiving plate after plate of disappointment. We ended up going to the hidden pizza shop upstairs to make up for this mediocrity. Spent $4 there and enjoyed that meal that made my stomach and wallet happy.
Oh where to start.... my visit with this restaurant was such a disappointment and embarrassment to me and the girls. We sent back almost every dish that was brought out to us. We started with chips and salsa a staple item to all mexican restaurants my friends ordered the guacamole and asked for it mild. The guacamole was excellent, spicy but oh so good. My friend sent it back it was too spicy. I had ordered Carnitas tacos which my server made a suggestion n the Cochinitas which are yucatan flavored pork with marinated onions he swore I would prefers these so I took his recommendation and ordered them they were brought out and Oh Hell no! they were awful I asked for the original order of carnitas and ugh! when they were brought out they were dripping with grease. I could not eat them. So I sat and ate chips and thought gosh I am getting pretty full..off these...chips...
The beer was the best part of the experience. We were seated at a tiny two top in a corner and couldn't enjoy the fun vibeor decor. The waiter didn't tell us anything about the menu, or bother to ask if it was our first time. We ordered a few different things, and it all came at once. This wouldn't have been a problem if the plates were proportionate to our table, but needless to say the plates made us feel even more crowded. Thinking we could get past this, we were eager to eat. Unfortunately, the food was not tasty. The pozole and pork taco with pineapple were decent, but needed seasoning. The two other dishes were just kind of gross and disappointing. Meanwhile, the waiter never came back and a bus girl took my plate. She was probably trying to clear off the disaster in front of us, but didn't  even ask if I was done. In one last effort to find redemption, my husband ordered dim sum. Our mistake, he ate three of the four because he was hungry, but was again disappointed. The people next to us were also having a bad experience. We love the Cosmopolitan, but will not return to this place. I was really excited to try it out, but it definitely did not meet any expectations.
So expensive for such small portions...they must be high! That was the least filling $120 lunch I've ever had. There were 4 of us and it came out to $30 each.. . Chips and salsa: I appreciate the warm chips. The salsa had and ok flavor, but lacked some freshness. Maybe it needs cilantro or onion.. . Tacos: We ordered 3 different of their tacos(pancita, cochinita, and barbacoa). Nothing special in the way of flavor. Every taco had a chunk of fat in it. And at $9 for 2 tiny tacos that adds up. . . Lamb potstickers: meh, not really anything better than you would get in the frozen bag.They were light on flavor. We asked for some sort of sauce and the waiter obliged, but reminded us that that sauce doesn't normally come with the order. The sauce added sssooo much. If it weren't for the sauce I would have had a hard time eating it.. . Gazpacho something: a fruit salad. This was very good, but again a very small portion.. . Tuna ceviche: I didn't eat this because I don't like tuna, but from what a heard one of the better dishes of our lunch.. . Shrimp mojo: recommended by the host, it was pretty good, but really oily. . . Overall: I wouldn't go back.
The two stars are for the decor only.  To begin with, the chinese food was awful.  We ordered the hot and sour soup (Don't Be Jealous) and the Dan Dan Mian.  The soup was horrible! The soup tasted metallic and was literally 2 drops in a bucket! Not worth the price! The Dan Dan Mian was oily and bland! I've had better for half the price! We also ordered two soft tacos.  The tacos were extra wet and fell apart too easily.  Plus, they were really small. We could have gotten better tacos from a taco truck!. . In the end, china poblano's version of "authentic" chinese food + "authentic" mexican food = disastrous mess.  Never going back!
I was super stoked to check this place out, considering it's in my favorite hotel & I wuv me some Chinese & Mexican grub...... :( super sad face after eating there though. The food was pretty decent, but the prices were absolutely ******RIDICULOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It's basically a tapas place, don't get the 'swallow a cloud soup', it was bland. But the pigs fly dim sung was delish! We spent over $75 for LUNCH, let me repeat, for lunch, two people, no booze!! Crap! And we left hungry! What the eff!?! I would like to go back again to try some more concoctions, but NOT based on their pricing. Geesh! :/
I made the mistake of having such high expectations of China Poblano because they were just completely crushed.  I had heard so much about  culinary genius, Jose Andres and that is the reason I even went into the restaurant after perusing the menu.  If it was not associated with Jose Andres, I would have immediately done a 180 after seeing the $11.00 price tag on a serving a dim sum.  . . Jose Andres is known for his tapas servings and so our group ordered a number of tapas servings to share.  And they were just OK.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't mind blowing either.  If I am paying $8 for a mini mini pork sandwich- it BETTER blow my mind, and it did not.  My favorite dish was the eggplant dish, but it wasn't fabulous enough for me to return. I even tried eating the Chinese dish and Mexican dish, side by side to see if that would make a difference in the "experience", but it didn't.  In fact, I still don't get it.  It was not a fusion restaurant, but rather two menus in one. . . The ambience is cool and trendy, but next time I am considering Mexican or Chinese, I will definitely go elsewhere, where the flavor satisfaction matches the price.  I can get ambience elsewhere.
My mother was staying at the Cosmopolitan for a conference, so I spent the day with her after picking her up at the airport. We hit up China Poblano because it was in the hotel and wasn't fine dining  and looked more interesting than the burger place next door. I was honestly disappointed. . . The food was average - some of it was very good, like the dumplings, and then some of it I've had better at super cheap joins in Chinatown. I was feeling boring and ordered tacos, and they were really bland. It wasn't BAD, it just wasn't worth the price. The cocktails were good and the service was great, however, so kudos to the staff. . . The worst part for me, however, was the seating. I would have enjoyed this experience infinitely more if I hadn't been expected to sit on a bench or a stool. To my eye (we sat on the "Mexican side" of the restaurant) there was only ONE area where any of the seating had a back - along a wall, which faced ... more backless, wooden stools. It was so impossibly uncomfortable, I found it really difficult to be objective about what I was eating. Half the seating looked like high school lunch tables. It was really awkward. I promise, there are chairs in Mexico! No matter how okay some of the food was, even if somebody offered to comp my entire order there, I probably wouldn't go back, just so I wouldn't have to sit there again.. . Should have gotten burgers next door.
This place was a bad experience.  We checked out the menu before going in and it seemed like a great idea to have both Mexican and Chinese in one spot.  The waitress told us all to order about 2-3 dishes per person...I'm so happy we didn't listen.  The soups were decent sized, a few of us had 1 each.  The flavors were not very good.  I got the Ocean's nest and it was not soupy like I had expected but wasn't bad.  The seafood was pretty bland and overcooked.  There were 2 other kinds on the table, 1 was extremely salty and the other had no flavor whatsoever.   The dim sum was a complete rip off.  $12 for mini sized everything!  Not one person was satisfied w/their meal (there were 7 of us) and the bill came out to $300!!  Ridiculous.  Our waitress only came back once at the end to ask us if we wanted dessert, but the other servers were nice...I'm hoping they got a cut of the outrageous 21% gratuity.
From what I gather, China Poblano is supposed to be a fusion restaurant--fusing the flavors of China and Mexico.  But it's poorly executed.  There's no fusion about it.  The Chinese dishes come from one kitchen; the Mexican dishes come from another.  But they're completely separate concepts mishmashed into one (loud) restaurant.  Nothing blew any of us away...but the check sure did.  I gather that it's supposed to be served tapas style...but I'm pretty sure that takes away from part of what I love best about eating Chinese and Mexican foods: over-indulgence on the cheap.  China Poblano misses the mark.
Not much to recommend here. As a general rule, I come to Vegas preparedto spend cash, so I'm not going to dock this place for being ridiculously overpriced relative to your traditional Mexican or Chinese restaurant. $4-$5 per taco and $22 for a seafood noodle dish may seem steep, but I'm ok with it if the food is top notch. . . Unfortunately, China Poblano fell short of expectations. The Al Pastor taco had very little pork belly and was overwhelmed by sauce. The portion sizes were small across the board. The guacamole was pretty good, but then again, it's pretty hard to screw up guac. . . I would not dine here again nor would I recommend it to others.
Mexican food and Chinese food under one roof and not a buffet?  The concept of this place is amazing, butthe execution is something left to be desired.. . My girl and I wanted to have a great culinary experience at this place, but we left disappointed.  The decor was pretty cool, taking pieces from both cultures.  However, for being more of a tapas place, the table was tiny (couldn't fit more than two or three plates) and the chairs were kind of uncomfortable.  The service was alright at best.  The prices were not very friendly at all.. . The food was nothing spectacular.  Being from LA, I could get just as good a taco from several trucks straight off the street.  But, I did enjoy the lobster taco (way too pricey tho $10 for a small corn tortilla taco).  We also did like the queso fundido w/ chorizo.  That was definetly a tasty way to start of the meal!  The scallop shumai were alright and the other tacos were ehh.  Overall, we greatly overpaid for a mediocre brunch.. . The place seems pretty cool, but once you sit down and start eating, the allure of the decorations and swankiness seem to just fade.  You leave with a lighter wallet and an unsatisfied belly.. . Note: For being a new place you would expect decent facilities right?  Well my girlfriend comes back from the restroom and tells me that the lock wasn't working and that some girl had almost walked in on her using the restroom.  Ladies beware! Haha!
I was very disappointed with this place. I was so excited about the concept, but severely let down.  $5 for a COKE!!! Unreal!!  The chips and salsa was ok. a little on the pricey side.. . I ate the Ten Treasure- fresh shrimp/ham/ seasonal vegetables/wide cellophane noodles/good fortune it was $17.  WOW, only 3 shrimp and 2 pieces of SMALL ham. Not impressed.. . We also had the Queso Fundido melted chihuahua cheese/tequila blanco/fresh tortillas $9- not impressed with the amount of cheese I paid $9 for. . . Overall...boo, not a Vegas worthy place to eat.
Admittedly, part of the reason I may be a little hard on this place is because I was planning on spending about seven bucks on a slice of pizza and a diet coke at the hidden pizza place in the Cosmopolitan before exiting Vegas, but a last second swerve turned into throwing down over $30 here instead.  Anyway you look at it though, I just don't think this place was all that great.  . . Although the whole concept of having Chinese & Mexican food on the same menu might sound interesting, at the end of the day it's not as if the menu here is combining the flavors of both cuisines into some sort of fusion dishes (THAT would be interesting...I'm not sure if it would be any good, but interesting).  The menu is essentially divided into Chinese & Mexican sections.  . . I decided to go w/Mexican.  I had two two tacos & well as chips and salsa to be exact.  I had a chicken mole taco, which was okay.  I'm a huge fan of mole sauce, and I can't put my finger on what it was exactly, but I just wasn't a huge fan of the mole here.  part of the problem was I think they used too much of it.  It pretty much drenched the chicken.  I also had a fish taco.  It was nothing special, pretty much your run of the mill fish taco.  I was just looking to get a little food in my system before hopping on flight and not expecting to get a full meal.  That's exactly what I got.  Each taco was about two or three bites.  As for the chips and salsa...once again nothing special.  One of my dining companions went the Chinese route.  She got soup and some sort of gyoza, which I tried and thought was kind of greasy (she felt the same and felt her soup was okay).  . . Between three of us we spent about $90.  One dining companion ordered the same two tacos I did and we split the chips and salsa (the third got the soup & gyoza).  A big portion of our bill was the diet cokes we ordered (which  were a necessity IMO after all the alcohol we consumed over the weekend).  They were $5 a pop each for an 8 oz bottle and we each had two.. . The food at China Poblano isn't horrible, and the small portions are what's expected, but I still wasn't a big fan of this place...
Not fusion. Not affordable. Not creative.. . I could have done better myself for a fraction of the cost with better ambiance in my hotel room at NY-NY.. . Mediocre service was the icing on the cake. (no water, no silverware... Until the tortilla line cook noticed we were just sitting there debating whether or not to use the dessert spoons left at our place settings -- not too handy for a meal mostly consisting or romaine lettuce.). I'm not Paris Hilton, but paying $50 for less than 750 calories is ridiculous. . . Otherwise the food was tasty given that we had no expectations of Jose Andres.
The design of the restaurant is very winning. I love the metal Buddha entrance way. It is a seriously cool looking place to eat.. . BUT ... and this is a freaking ginormous BUT ... the prices for what you get at China Poblano are downright ridiculous. Although above average on taste and presentation, the foods themselves do not merit the prices they charge.. . $12 for 4 "When Pigs Fly" which are basically roast pork buns. The dough is very light and the filling is tasteful. BUT it is SPARSE. There was barely any actual filling in the bun. Ludicrous.. . A typical roast pork bun costs $1.50 at a Chinese bakery on Spring Mountain and it is FILLED with roast pork.. . Go. Go yourself and see. It is like a FREAK show. The most freakishly priced DIM SUM you have every seen. Then go to a normal Chinese restaurant and get five times the amount of food for the same amount of money.
Allow me to preface, i seldom give 1 or 2 stars: A lot had to be missing for any dining establishment to fall in this category. . . it was a saturday night at the Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino.  H and I were in a hurry to grab a quick bite before heading to the Marquee Night club.  The cafe would surely prepare a hearty meal, but as the minutes ticked away, we knew that time was not on our side.  Luckily (or unluckily in this case) China Poblano jumped out of nowhere and had a sign that said "to go or take out."  instantly, i'm thinking it's kinda like Taco Bell fast, but let's just say that we're lucky to get our food in less than 20 minutes.. . the menu was a fusion of chinese and mexican food.  unique? not really.  anybody can make any type of meat and throw it in a tortilla shell and call it mexican food.  anybody creating this type of concept needs to think it through to create a unique dining experience for everyone who passes through the doors.  come'on, people travel from all over the world to come to vegas.  is this is best meal the Cosmo can offer?  i believe not.. . THE PORK SIU MAI were a disgrace to Chinese people who invented this dish.   i have eaten this all my life in OC & LA & even SF and have never seen anything so tiny.  it was literally the size of a quarter, all 6 of them, looking pretty sad and lonely in this takeout container that it was tossed into.  no shredded lettuce or cabbage for garnishment.  just 6 puny little siu mai's squished to the corner of the container.  i finished them in 2 minutes and naturally was not full at all.  the taste -- it was ok, not spectacular.. . THE TACOS that H had were another dismal dish that appeared from the same menu.  i can't quite comment on the taste but the size was disappointing.. . the prices.... were not cheap. both microscopic & macroscopic items came in slightly less than $30.  what?  does money grow on trees?  Asians are taught to get the best bang for the buck and to bargain our way through life... this time i felt jipped & helpless.  left the establishment with a more than half empty stomach & feeling robbed.. . THE EXPERIENCE:. ok, granted we order takeout, but there was no place to sit outside in the hallways of the hotel.  it's just not sexy or classy to eat in the hallways.  meanwhile inside, the bar was completely empty (as in zero, zip, zilch, nada patrons).  We asked the girl cleaning the bar if we could please sit there for a few minutes, and she said yes. then, like a bat out of hell, the hostess stormed over and said we cannot sit there.  what?  did you not realize we were not fighting for seats but actually making your establishment appear fuller than it is?  so, she escorted us to these benches behind the bar with pillows that we could sit in.  for all the commotion that she caused by moving us, we could've finished our food in the 2 minutes that it requires to consume our so-called meal.. . IN CONCLUSION:. this place is not suitable in such a gorgeous hotel as the Cosmopolitan.  it does not compare to its elegance, its grandeur, and its sophistication.  the people who work there need to grace better manners and accommodate its patrons a little better.. . i would highly suggest you save your money and go to the cafe downstairs or win a couple of hands in blackjack and eat at Blue Ribbon Sushi or STK instead.
BOOOOOOOOOO! There has always been a hype about this place... but it's just another one of Vegas' overpriced ethnic food attempt... sigh.  The first thing I wondered about this place was... why the combination of Chinese and Mexican?  I was hoping to find out why, but I left the restaurant still confused.. . I was leaving Vegas at noon, so my friend and I squeezed in a meal here to find out what the hype was about.  Unfortunately it was a brunch menu so we didn't have much to choose from.  Besides the fact that there weren't much to choose from the menu which didn't really bother me that much, the first thing I noticed was... there was no fusion between the Chinese and Mexican food.  (I actually got to take a look at the full menu later but the only thing that was kind of fusion was a taco or two where they used some Chinese ingredients... but didn't sound too appetizing). . So to try both Chinese and Mexican, I got the breakfast taco and a Chinese pork sandwich.  Breakfast taco wasn't that great.  The pork inside the pork sandwich was good... but it's pork fat, of course it's going to be good.  After a few bite of the pork sandwich, the sauce overpowered the taste of the pork so much that I couldn't even finish it.. . I am a little disappointed because I LOVE the Cosmopolitan hotel and everything I've done there have been awesome~  I can't say the same about China Poblano!
Thought this might be fun to try on a our trip to Vegas but I would definitely give this a miss. We ordered a lot of the dumplings (not great, and I know dumplings!), plus some noodle dishes, a soup (bland broth) and the Mongolian lettuce salad (the vinegar was overpowering and the sauce gluggy, as if it was out of a bottle).. . We then had some tacos and these were much better (especially the carnitas and duck tongue). The Cosmopolitan seems to be full of hen's weekends so the restaurant was full of big bridal shower groups, not our scene.
Service here was exceptional, the hostess showed us to our table quick, waitress came by quick and told us how the restaurant is (small portions), recommended what was good, and even the manager popped out of no where to offer some club soda to my friend when he got some sauce on his shirt, for the first time being here, that was great, sorry to all who had a bad waiter/waitress . . BUT....the food is just bad, terrible, overpriced Chinese/Mexican food that you hoped would at least taste good, but nah, I ordered wonton noodle soup, so honestly how do you screw this shit up, like I said this place is overpriced, I could have ordered the same bowl 5 times with tip at my local cafe...AND it would taste better lol.....place is bad for food, come here for.....the people? ha
Sad to say I was disappointed in China Poblano. I'm a huge fan of anything Jose Andres does, but this place fell far short of my expectations. The concept is fine, and the food wasn't bad, it just wasn't anything special. The braised pork street sandwich tasted EXACTLY like their steamed buns with bbq pork. In fact, half the menu tasted the same. If you're in Vegas for a weekend, I'd skip this place. The decor is nice, and I enjoyed their "Tea for two" cocktail served in a teapot, but the food was a let down in comparison to other restaurants in the same niche.
the food was good the prices and portion size was lacking immensely. we had a $50 dollar bill and left still hungry. If you need a snack before a meal at one of the other restaurants go here. there steamed buns were handmade and good.
China Poblano is an Asian/Mexican fusion restaurant that has good intentions but I think misses the mark on communicating their vision and does not get you good bang for your buck.  . . I went here for brunch, as the Cosmopolitan is limited on breakfast options.  The group I went with was also not very familiar with the fusion concept.  When we were looking through the menu, many of them were confused because the menu wasnt clearly communicating what was a "traditional" asian item, "traditional" mexican item & "fusion" item.  They also didn't have a good enough description as to what was in a taco, on a tortilla or what was a soup/ceviche on their brunch menu.  Most of my party had no idea what they ordered until it arrived.. . I thought it was too expensive for what you got.  First, chips, guacamole, salsa were all extra costs.  Our salsa literally looked like a splash of salsa in the bowl.  If you're going to charge me for it, it better be a bowl of salsa.  Many of the items were about $5-$10 and you literally got (1) taco with no sides of beans or rice.  You would have to spend about $20 each to get a decent meal.. . I got the chilaquiles, which are normally my favorite brunch item.  When they arrived, it was not what I qualify as a good chilaquiles.  The chips barely had any sauce on them, it was too cheesy and chorizo was just plopped down on top of it.  I basically had chili cheese nachos and was disappointed.
I came here for dinner on a weeknight because I was intrigued by the venue and concept.  The first thing I noticed was that the prices seemed quite high for Chinese/Mexican food, but this was the Cosmopolitan, so not surprising.  We had a combination of Chinese and Mexican Food which was good, but really nothing special.  What really surprised me was the disjointed service.  All of our food was brought out piecemeal.  My girlfriend ordered two tacos and my buddy and I eached orded a soup dish.  My girlfriend got one of her tacos brought to her first.  Then she sat there and waited for my buddy and I to get our food, one at a time, several minutes apart.  Then my girlfriend's second taco came.  Bringing out the food piecemeal would make sense if it was a family-style meal, but I think it was pretty clear we each ordered our own dish.. . The kicker was that we ordered chips and salsa, and didn't get it until we were almost done with our dinner, and then only after I asked about it.  The waitress was very friendly and pleasant, but this restaurant was just kind of off this night.. . I think a restaurant that charges these kinds of prices for this kind of food needs to compensate by offering something unique, whether it be service, a special venue, etc.  I just didn't see it here, and there are way too many other great dining options in Vegas.  I'm glad I tried it, but will probably not go back.
Sad my first official check in and it has to be given 2-stars.  It's more like 2.5, but in the restaurant world, you are either a 5 star or not, so we have to round down.. . I really had a lot of hope for this place, but was sadly disappointed.  . . We had to make reservations as apparently this place gets pretty packed.  It is located outside of Marquee and next to Holsteins in the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  Reading some yelpers and also having followed Chef Jose Andres and his accomplishments, we figured we'd give this place a try.  The place was jammed packed on a Saturday night, and did have to wait a few minutes, but it allowed us to see the decor of the place which I really did love.  It's a Mexico meets China fusion restaurant which is a very interesting concept and worked out well, sort of.... . The various tacos were great, I would say this is the highlight of the place.  Definitely a fusion of flavors and not your run in the mill choices - worth n order or two.  The other tapas were ok, some better than others but no where near the chef's best - after ordering them, we sat there thinking hmm, should I have just gotten a taco or two more instead?  The drinks were inventive: salt air margarita (salt foam on top) and lemon drop with jelly noodles (looks like chicken noodle soup).  The margarita was hard to say the least.  Strong salt in your face followed by a heavy handed (strong) margarita - was pretty hard to drink.  Then tasting the lemon drop (w/jelly noodles) was hard to sip in itself.  More like a soup than a drink, and strong yet again.  I thought it would be an alcoholic boba-ish drink, but it came up very short of those expectations.  All in all, for some tacos, its a great place, but anything else, maybe hit up Holstein's next door and grab a drink at the chandler bar before marquee.
No way Jose! Loved the teeny $12 salt air margarita (really did) and was digging the camarones with black garlic but truth be told, I can get REAL street tacos and AUTHENTIC Chinese food which is MUCH better and about 1/4 of the price.
It was a Saturday Night and we met up with my bro-in-law and his friends.  They were eating at the counter, first come first serve (I think).  Luckily, 5 minutes after chatting, 2 people got up so that we could sit. (Bonus points for the purse hooks under the counter!). (Since China Poblano is located across Marquee, it was crazy to see how long the line was at 8:00PM!!). . I'm only rating on a few items, because that is all we had to try.  We ate a good brunch and some Sam Woo (boo) mid-afternoon..so we ordered only 2 tacos to try.. . I ordered the Pancita al Pastor Taco:  slow-cooked pork belly/ pineapple $5.50 - I ate it in 2.5 bites! It was okay..NOT "GOOOD" like I was hoping.  It didn't really satisfy my tastebuds.  But the way they sliced the pineapple long ways and so thin was interesting.   I did not feel that the taco was worth the $5.50.. . My hubby ordered the Viva China Taco:  soft beef tendon/ Kumamoto oyster/scallions/ Sichuan peppercorn sauce $5.50 - done in 2 bites!  He said is was VERY SALTY!. . Someone orderd the Papas Fritas with mole poblano / Mexican cream / queso fresco.  Nothing to rave about.  Just fries with the mentioned above ingredients.. The best thing I tasted there was the Salt Air Margarita.  Think Margarita Martini with a Salt foam topping instead of Salt Rim.  Very eye catching too!. . A few weeks later, I found out, to my surprise, that my Mom's favorite Chef, Jose Andres owns China Poblano - which made it a little more dissapointing.. . The decor of lights, changing LCD picture frames, bicycle wheels was really different and neat.  I don't know that I would come here again - because by the time we go to Vegas again, there will be more and other places to try.. . PS.  What's with the warm tap water??  You would think they would have "normal" ice water.
Chinese & Mexican. Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich red braised pork $8.88. A little salty and greasy but tasty. It has an interesting 'English muffin' type bread and a juicy pulled pork filling. Be aware these portion sizes are itty bitty. I also ordered the 'fresh' squeezed papaya and mango juice. It tasted watered down and not sweet at all.
My boyfriend and I came here after we missed the lunch window for Wicked Spoon.  We were starving (which usually allows crappy food to taste a little better) and just went for what was close.. . I should have known that a Chinese/Mexican restaurant would not be a good idea.  There is a reason why I've never come across this mix.  It's because it simply does not work!  This restaurant should either focus on making better Chinese food or better Mexican, not attempt to make both types of cuisines.. . I had the dan dan noodles and some soup with wontons (the name escapes me now).  The dan dan  noodles were okay.  The soup didn't have much flavor.  It's only saving grace were the wontons.. . My boyfriend ordered one lobster taco (because they are $10 a pop) and two chicken tacos (mole sauce on the side).  He said the lobster taco was good, but the chicken was just whatever.. . Overall, the best thing that we ordered was the guacamole and the Mexican coke.  The chips and salsa were decent.
Let's just get straight to the point.... . Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing, but the ramen that they had there wasn't the finest I've had. It had me regretting my decision to get it and wanting the tan tan noodles that were next to me and the ceviche that was across the table. The broth was watery with some greasy in it. It was just too salty. I'll pass next time on the ramen and just get something....less complicated.
Got 2 dim sum offerings and the mushroom taco.. . Shocked that a taco this small with mushrooms and nothing else was 5 bucks. It was nothing special or unique or fusion-y, but overpriced.. . The dim sum was of the PF Chang variety --- not really dim sum, very un authentic, and at 11 bucks each, ridiculously overprieced.. . The only reason this gets 2 stars and not 1 is that the setting (both hotel and restaurant itself) are gorgeous! But you can do far far better in Vegas, skip this place.
Over priced Chinese/Mexican Food. We went here, because I saw it on The Best Thing I Ever Ate. Can't remember who, but the guy who liked it loved the Twenty-Vegetable Fried Rice. So we got it, and that was our favorite out of everything we had. Other than that, everything else was just okay or underseasoned (needed a bit more salt).. . A must:. Twenty-Vegetable Fried Rice. When Pigs Fly. . Just Okay:. Sui Mai Beef. Dan Dan Mian. Chips and Salsa. Guacamole. . Not good:. Cochinita Tacos. Pollo a la Parrilla Tacos. Papas fritas with XO Sauce. . Drinks:. Au Bon Climat Chardonnay: good. Salt Air Margarita: our friend got this, and she really liked it.. . Service was good. The servers suggested 3 - 4 dishes per person, but I really think 2 - 3 would be more than enough. We had a great time. Good place to try, but we won't be back.... well, maybe just for the fried rice.
the staff was nice, food tasted good, but it was pretty expensive.  i got a scallop ceviche which was 4 tiny little limes with some seasoning on each lime and then a bay scallop ontop of it and that was $12, and then i got some soup with chinese sausage in it that i didn't even it noticed it had sausage as it was just mush with not much flavor.  the soup itself was good, just wish i could have noticed it had the sausage.  drinks are small, margarita was like $12ish and was maybe 4 ounces.  the food tasted pretty good, but way too pricey for how small the portions are.  i probably won't be back
Love the decor and the Johnny-on-the-spot waitstaff.  The concept is interesting and the menu is mouth watering.  Celebrity chef.  What more can you ask for?  Unfortunately, most of the dishes were not impressive and in fact, pretty disappointing.. . I have to give props to the salt air margarita.  At $12 it's small, but it tastes great and the salt foam on top is a really nice touch.. . The 20 vegetable fried rice is famous here because some dude on TV said it was the "best I ever ate."  At $18 for a small plate of fried rice, all I can say is it was "the biggest ripoff I ever ate."  C'mon, you can't be serious!  Fried rice?. . As for the other "Chinese" food, very disappointing.  The BBQ pork buns were not good.  The pork was too saucy and the buns stuck to the wax paper so they completely fell apart when you pulled the paper off.  The hand-cut noodles in soup were nicely al-dente but the broth was tasteless.  Shu mai were run-of-the-mill.  Can you spell B.O.R.I.N.G.?  Lettuce cups with chicken were ... alas, not very good.  Where's the flavor?  Where's the kick?. . The "Mexican" dishes fared better, I think.  The duct tongue taco was great.  The weird taco of beef tendon and raw kumamoto oyster was ... weird, in a good way.  The most amazing thing about that taco was how freakin' small the oyster was.  Wow.  I almost had to ask the waiter for a magnifying glass to confirm that an oyster was indeed present.  Horton?  Did you hear that?  I do have to say that the tortillas were really, really tasty.. . Two stars is generous.
It seems we got taken in by similar things as other yelpers.  The idea sounded really good and the menu is very inventive.  While the salt air margarita was tasty, the twenty vegetable fried rice was average, and for average way over priced.  I don't know which food network chef thought this was the best thing he ever ate, but that chef should get out more.. . Noodle dish was weak(ocean's nest) but the pork buns were tastey.  And at the end all was extremely over priced.
Another small plates casual restaurant at Cosmopolitan by Jose Andres. We were so hungry, we only saw this restaurant open for lunch a bit earlier. It's Chinese and Mexican small plates. . . A solid 2.5 star, one goes to the service, one goes to the Singtao beer (Chinese beer) they had there and authentic Chinese hot sauce, half star goes to the decor. . . Total lunch bill for 2 , 1 beer: $70, ( really a lot for the tiny portions). . A brunch menu and regular menu, we ordered something from both menus.. . Chinese noodle soup with egg, pork, veggies and mushrooms: bigger portion, it was meant for sharing, tasted sooo bad, we didn't know what kind of food was that.... Definitely not Chinese! . . Traditional Sui Mai: 6 tiny pieces with some gold stuffs on top of each one. They looked fancy but tasted disgusting.....I think they dipped all of those in soy sauce and dried them up....Extremely salty..... . Chicken Ji song: 4 tiny chicken lettuce wraps with fried potatoes on the top, they were OK . . Mexican grilled chicken taco: I don't think I have ever tasted a taco that bad, most disgusting flavored taco I have ever had! They put some sort of salty Chinese sauce or paste with green onions on top, those things just don't mix! Think chef confused it with a traditional Chinese wrap dish. . . If we weren't super hungry, I don't think we could have had even swallowed the food, they were soooo bad! Honestly it's a shame to a celebrity chef, Jose should've just sticked to Spanish tapas, forget about Chinese and Mexican food! I think this 2 kinds of food are the more original the better, don't play with them...... . Worst food we'v ever had, but the service was great! Our waitress was super attentive and friendly. The decor is so cute, very trendy, the pictures on the wall change every fewminutes, it was fun to look at them. . . I am pretty sure we weren't the only ones who hate the food. Saw some ppl sit down n looked at the menu for 5 minutes and left! Smart.... Just saying..... Will never go back !!!
I expected to be a lot more impressed... unfortunately I was not.  I had dinner here with my mother, her first time staying at the Cosmo, and she really isn't all that big into exploring new cuisines since she's been stuck in her Italian ways.  I was really hoping to provide her with a culinary experience that would broaden her horizons.  I was disappointed... the tacos were ok, but nothing amazing.  The sea salt foam margarita was too salty.  We ordered from both menus, and even the bao's were only "ok".  I feel that it was overpriced for what we received and only mediocre in food quality.  I will say though that the staff was very nice and patient with our ordering at the bar, though it took a very long time to receive our check.
A headache indeed. The menu items had weird names accompanied with descriptions that only baffled my friends and I even more. Although the waitress who helped my table was more than helpful to recommend menu items, the food was small in portions (just like any other restaurant here in Vegas) and were not good. . . The 20 Vegetable Fried Rice was okay. I'm of Chinese ethnicity, so I feel like my mother's cooking could single-handedly run the Chinese side of this Chinese-Mexican fusion (wtf?) restaurant out of business; the Tuna Ceviche and carnitas were okay.
The food was delicious but the service was horrible there were three of us and everyone food came at a different time
Chinese mexican... hmmm... big miss... decor an service were excellent... I tried different tacos, and they all were marginal... please do not order viva china taco.... tortillas are the only thing I was impressed with from the expensive tacos. Who knows maybe the chinese menu taste better
I was one of the few people up bright and early after a night of partying and decided to trek the strip with one of the girls. We came upon this restaurant and got lured in by the window displaying noodles being made. I suppose this isn't so much an "Asian fusion" restaurant; it merely serves both Chinese and Mexican food "side-by-side" as it advertises, which doesn't seem that great, does it? I mean, one side is going to suck, right? . . And it's not that great. Granted, I only tried the Mexican food, but at 13 bucks for some shiu-mai, I'm not that much of a sucker. So my friend and I went for the tacos.  I got the barbacoa and was told the mushroom was highly recommended. At 4.50 a pop, I'm expecting some high quality stuff. But alas, all I got was some pretty ho-hum tacos on a nice looking frosty plate. My friend ordered the cochinta, and said she'd come back for that again . . We also ordered off the brunch menu. I forget the name, but it's akin to a glamorized version of nachos topped with fried egg. Extremely forgettable.  . . I will give them this though - service was AMAZING. These were some of the nicest fellows ever and really made us feel quite comfortable. Unfortunately, I don't think the food is up to par.
Horrible service, food isnt anything to brag about... def. The worst food ive had in vegas. had to wait forever to get a table yeah we were a big group but seriously we even made reservations! the waiter had us sit in assigned seats cause he couldnt remember what each person ordered so as more of our group showed up we had to stay where we were and ask our waiter where he wanted them to sit.. very rude.
Our group was stuffed from a big lunch so we just grabbed something quick while getting ready. Unfortunately, the food here is extremely overpriced (thanks to theJose Andres name) and not very good. For a few tacos and noodle dish we paid over $80 and we were all left unsatisfied and hungry. I didn't even realize this was a Jose Andres restaurant until after I ate the tacos and was even more disappointed.
High hopes all around here as east meets...um, south as I've never really come across a Mexa-Chinese restaurant, or Chin-exico as the decor, menu and ambience display so. Unfortunately, it wasn't the fusion (I know that word gets thrown around all over the place these days) I was expecting. Instead, it was Chinese AND Mexican. Instead of bouncing around the global menu like a worldly tapas joint, the dishes were a little imbalanced, non-sensical and downright combative as you would expect would happen if China decided one day to take on the southern area of North America. I found myself going back and forth trying to come up with some method to the madness and it just never really took. I was going to give it 1 star, but added another because the margaritas were tasty and it was within arm's length of the Aria Hotel and Casino, which could lend 3 more stars here as 5 is not enough to rate the timeliness and creativity of a brand new Vegas strip hotel...but that's for another rant. . . Keep yourself in the eastern or western hemisphere when making the decision to give it a go. It just couldn't muster up the flair that a place like this would need to hide the fact that the menu is just lazy, I said it.
I enjoyed the stylish atmosphere, however the food was okay.. . The music and decor created an upbeat, enjoyable atmosphere. Although seating is limited in the dining room, they do offer seats at the bar(s). They have two sets of bars. . . The menu is broken into two different sections: Chinese and Mexican. I chose two Chinese items. . . The lamb pot stickers were okay. The pot stickers presentation was nice. All four of the pot stickers were elegantly made together to appear like a pizza with four perforations that made separation from each other much easier. They had an odd smell and no real flavor. The pot stickers were simple there to eat. Would I order them again? No. . . The second item I ordered was the Ocean's Nest. It had a wonderful medley of vegetables and seafood nestled on top of the crispy, fried noodles. Although I expected soft noodles for the dish, the crispy noodles become soft as the lightly sauced dish saturated some of the noodles. I wasn't a big fan of the crispness of the noodles particularly when trying to cut the noodles so it was easier for me to eat. I thought the dish wasn't bad. I would have been happier with soft noodles, but the vegetables and seafood were tasty. Would I order the item again? Probably not.. . I did think the menu prices were quite reasonable for what I ordered. Overall, the atmosphere makes for nice conversation, but better food can be found elsewhere.
I'm really surprised by all the positive reviews of this place. I had 3 tacos: barbacoa, carnitas, and a cochinita. We also ordered guacamole for the table. . . The tacos are literally street tacos. The ones you can finish in 2 bites. I didn't think any of the tacos had much flavor or kick to it. Being priced at $5.50/taco, this is absurd!. . The guacamole you can rave about, but it is $15 for a small order. Really? We needed two for our table.. . I don't even consider this place a fusion. It just serves both Mexican or  Chinese food on the menu.. . This is my first Jose Andres restaurant and probably my last.
When I first saw China Poblano, I thought it was just some gussied up Chinese joint at the Cosmopolitan.  When I looked a little closer, I realized it was some kind of combo Mexican-Chinese restaurant.  When I checked them out on my phone, I learned they were a Jose Andres creation.  When my friends suggested them for lunch, I was game.  When we were done, I was sorely unimpressed.. . Now, it's probably my fault for assuming, but looking at the place, I was under the impression that China Poblano offered a fusion of Chinese and Mexican food.  In reality, they mostly offer Chinese AND Mexican food.  As in, one and the other.  Not as in, a melding of two very different cuisines.  Disappointing enough already, but that also meant having to get two things in order to try both sides of the menu.  After asking the waiter for suggestions, I took his advice and ordered a couple of tacos to go with my noodle dish (he warned that the portions were "small-ish"):. . - Dan Dan Mian (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GJ_bXUPv672YwNg4TneJog?select=1znpnNpUi4mUde6NTXRxEA) - underwhelming.  The noodles themselves were okay and I liked how the pork sauce was actually spicy, but the dish seemed salty.  Really, the only flavors I could really get out of it was spiciness and saltiness.  I didn't expect much and they still fell short.. - Carnitas Taco (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GJ_bXUPv672YwNg4TneJog?select=BqnTT9gfKS5Ol5gszHWr2A) - FAIL.  Unlike my noodle dish, I actually had hopes for this one.  Rather than crispy, grilled meat, I was greeted with a mound of shredded pork dripping with oil (check out the ends of the wrapper) and a topping of deep fried fat (think pork rinds but worse).  No bueno.. - Pescado Frito (fried fish) Taco (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GJ_bXUPv672YwNg4TneJog?select=ilJU8hdfD1EXVL_EZKfFeA) - by default, it was the best thing I had.  On its own, it was only decent.  The fish and pickled onions worked, but I thought the flavor was too muted.  If it was a little stronger, I would have liked it more.. . Given the celebrity chef owner and China Poblano's location on the Strip, the meal wasn't cheap.  To charge $5.50 for that carnitas taco (and to a lesser extent, $6.50 for that pescado taco) is practically criminal though.  With just the $12 I spent on the tacos, I can find a better Chinese noodle dish and tacos, and still have change to tip.  Unless you're a big Jose Andres fan, you're better off going elsewhere (like Holstein's next door).
We've should've known better.  Never settle for any place just because you are hungry.  OMG. This place serves half chinese and half mexican.  ONLY thing thatwas good at this place was the scallop dumplings. (They have ladies in the window making the fresh dumplings) Everything else, even the mexican food was *BARF*  Do not order the rice porridge (jook).  Its disgusting. Not only was the food horrible, but the prices were outrageously expensive!  Bad food and expensive. NO BUENO!!  This could've been one star but the service made up for it.
My husband and I spent a lot of time at the Aria when we were in Vegas last.  For dinner before a show we ended up at China Poblano intrigued by the combination of two of our favorite foods.  After all, what could be better than a restaurant that serves both Chinese and Mexican food?  How amazing would it be to gorge myself on salsa and crab wontons?  . . I was a little disappointed in our magical adventure into Chinese/Mexican fusion, mostly because the Mexican far outshined the Chinese.  We enjoyed the fresh made chips, salsa, various tacos, and homemade margarita mix.  In my opinion, the number one item on the menu was the bean taco.  Whatever they did to the refried beans made them super smooth and full of flavor, I actually ended up ordering another after my first.  . . The Chinese portion of our meal fell very short.  Usually one of our favorite dishes, the Hot and Sour soup was so gelatinous that we barely even ate any and the pork buns lacked flavor and were not cooked well.  . . Overall it isn't a place I would visit if it were in my hometown and we definitely wont go back on our next trip to Vegas.
Booooooooo! Thumbs Down!. . To be exact on my rating, it is a 1.5 stars. I reward 1 star for the decor (and because we have to) and another .5 stars for effort, and then rounded up to get a measly 2 stars.. . Our order was the Phoenix Chicken or something like that, Guacamole, and the 20 vegetable fried rice. All dishes were not up to par in terms of taste. The chicken and the fried rice were recommendations from our server.. . The fried rice was bland and it was maybe the equivalent of 3 bowls of rice at a chinese restaurant. This is not a lot of fried rice for about 20 dollars. . . The chicken was actually a cornish hen I believe. It tasted okay, but I would have preferred a chicken from el pollo loco, to be honest. That dish was also in the neighborhood of 20 dollars or more, and if you know how small cornish hens are, you might agree that 20 something dollars for that amount of hen is stupid. . . The guacamole was a whopping 15 dollars. This was honestly the only thing we ordered that I enjoyed, but it wasn't worth 15 dollars.. . The service was pretty good until our server asked if the fried rice she recommended was good, and I replied, "It's okay." She then asked, just okay? And I confirmed, " Just okay." Then she quickly got our bill without saying another word, or even a thank you or anything, just dropped the bill. When we paid, it was another silent transaction void of any actual speaking on her part.. . Water doesn't come with ice. The decor in the place was interesting, but I would never come here again.. . To sum it all up, the portions were small, the price tag was high, especially for substandard -tasting food. We came here because we wanted to give it a shot. My rating isn't solely based on portion size, because I would honestly prefer fried rice from Panda Express and El Pollo Loco if portion size was the same and prices were the same. Please don't waste your money at this restaurant.
Some girlfriends and I spent the weekend of 4/20 in Vegas...which was kinda amazing. But do you know what lacked amazingness? This place!. . My friend REALLY wanted to go here because she has some kind of "foodie crush" on the dude that opened the place. Or the head chef. Or someone important like that. We all assumed it was going to be a Mexican/Chinese fusion- but the two sides of the menu (and the dishes) are completely separate.. . While the atmosphere, and the idea, are both super fun, the place lacks execution. I was not a fan of my soup, and while my lemon shrimp were bomb in flavor, they didn't sit well later!. . With so many culinary gems in the city of sin, I suggest you indulge elsewhere!
Bachelor party decided to eat here on the 2nd day we were in town since the Bachelor felt like noodles and we all flew in so we didn't have a car to drive around. It's pretty much a Chinese Mexican fusion restaurant. But the portions are very very small at Las Vegas prices. It's anywhere between $7-10 for 1-2 pieces of taco if you're lucky enough and all the portions are tapas style...meaning to fill up the average person, you'll need at least 3 dishes.. . Their waiting staff is fantastic when it comes to the explanation of how the restaurant works and the dishes as well as being very attentive. In addition, all the tortilla's are made fresh which can be seen in a daily basis. I'd rather eat at Holsteins, at  least I know I can get full off of a burger and  shake...but we go where the bachelor wants to go.
Cluttered and rushed atmosphere. Paid almost 100 dollars for small portions of which i didn't finish not because I wasn't hungry BTW. Ordered some weird cheese dish that tasted like burnt processed cheese. Some weird taco with gold flakes on it. Unflavored noodles of which you had to dip in a sauce and pork buns.Everything was dripping with grease or butter or some sort of oil. . . I actually lost weight by eating here. All you fancy folks can have your fancy meals and pay your fancy prices. Personally I'd rather be a glutton at 1/5th the price with similar tasting food and have leftovers to spare.
I had heard great things about China Poblano, so I thought I'd give it a try. Being a local, I love trying new restaurants and being able to give visitors recommendations for them! This one, however, will not be one I'll recommend.. . The food was good..nothing too special. The prices were OUTRAGEOUS for what you get. If I'm going to pay $10 per tiny taco, I'd rather not be sitting on a wooden bench...The one strong point of the meal was the salt air margarita. Delicious! (And it better be for $16). . For the 4 people we had there, the bill came out to $240...and we ate everything! Not worth it. Save your money and go somewhere better like STK or Mastro's.
If the carnitas Tacos weren't dripping with fat, I would have at least not minded the mediocre service. You're in Vegas - way better options out there
Good:. - The place is nicely decorated. - The hostess was polite and had a big smile. . Bad:. - The waiter wasn't exactly friendly - not rude, but just not interested.. - The food was below average. We ordered the the lamb and vegetable potstickers, they were both very uninteresting. We also tried some noodle dish which was ok, and hot and sour soup which I found too sour.. - Their prices are very very high for the quality of food.
I've passed by this place quite a few times, but finally decided to dine in today. The service was very attentive, but I felt like they didn't go beyond what they teach you in table-waiting 101. Our server asked if we were ready for drinks, entrees, then desserts and let us know her personal favorites for each course, but didn't actually describe any of them. I honestly didn't have any problems with the service though, it's the food/prices that leave me less than satisfied. . . Guacamole ($15): Although it was pretty pricey, it was probably my favorite dish of the night. There were a lot of large chunks of avocado, which is something I could never complain about and it was very fresh and flavorful. The only thing that I didn't like was that the waitress asked if we were done with it once the chips ran out, even though we still had about a third of it left. It was just kind of annoying that she was trying to take the plate away, rather than offering us more chips.. . Large pot of Jasmine Downy Pearls ($8.88) - Very aromatic and tasty. I would probably come here just for the tea.  . . Chips and salsa ($4): I hardly touched the salsa, but I ate all the nice and crisp chips with the guacamole. Definitely worth the four bucks.. . Pescado Frito ($6.50): Not very flavorful and not very "fried." If I'm going to pay $6.50 for ONE taco, I expect it to be pretty damn good. . . Dancing Eggplant ($9.88) - The waitress seemed a little reluctant when we ordered this. She made sure to warn us there were bonito flakes on it and the eggplant was boiled. I had the feeling she didn't like that at all. We thought it was just okay.. . Traditional Sui Mai ($13.88): I really loved the crisp water chestnuts they added in the Sui Mai. The edible gold flakes on each piece also gave it a unique presentation. . . Don't Be Jealous (Hot and Sour Soup) $8.88: This was the most disgusting Hot and Sour soup I have every had. It seriously ruined my palette. The whole bowl of soup just reeked and tasted like hot red wine. I have NEVER tasted Hot and Sour soup like that before. I couldn't take more than two bites of it without feeling sick because of the strong wine flavor it had. Don doesn't even like Hot and Sour soup, but he could still taste how much worse it was than others. . . Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich ($8.88): Way too salty and saucy. And for a whopping $8.88, this was definitely not worth it. . . Jericalla ($11) - Have you ever had Abuelita Hot Chocolate? It comes in a package like this: http://beautifulspitup.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/abuelita-mexican-hot-chocolate1.jpg containing tablets of compressed cocoa, sugar, and cinnamon: http://beautifulspitup.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/cut-abuelita.jpg. Well, the small amount of custard on the bottom of the cup was covered in what seemed to be ground up tablets of Abuelita Hot Chocolate: http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/V1zh1nc2VASkoNUsyJS5JA/l.jpg and no, that was not a good thing. I felt like ai was just munching on hot chocolate powder. I mean, the custard and sorbet alone were good, but I couldn't eat those without eating all the powder. Plain and simple, it sucked. . . Overall, I loved the presentation of all the dishes, however the flavors just didn't match. The Hot and Sour soup really killed it for me. The only thing I think was worth coming here for was probably the tea, but that's still not something I would drive over here for.. . Warning: If you look at your bank statement a day or two after coming here and the amount charged is a lot higher than what you actually paid, it's because they like to "pre-authorize" themselves for a 30% tip, but it goes down to whatever you actually paid them when the transaction clears. Why anyone would give this place a 30% tip is beyond me...
A Chinese and Mexican combo restaurant... concept: interesting, execution: not so great.. . Definitely definitely overpriced. Seriously, 6 pieces of dim sum for $18? I don't care if it has gold flake on it! Las Vegas highway robbery.... . I ended up having two tacos, the pollo with mole and the pork. They were both tasty (and tiny) but I was left wishing for some citrus or some crunchy cabbage. Depending on the taco you order, ONE taco can range from $4-$10, FYI.. . Cute decor and seating though.. . Conveniently located right next to the entry for Marquee.
we came here for lunch in a large group and were utterly confused by the menu.  like everyone says, it's a restaurant w/ chinese and mexican food, not chinese-mexican fusion.  we started w/ pork buns, shuimai and veg dumplings, and they weren't really authentic.  i then got some cellophane noodle dish w/ 2 prawns in it.  it was pretty good, but at $18, it was kind of outrageous.  my friends who got tacos weren't even full, b/c they were so tiny, but they were like $6.50 each.  we ended up paying $40 a person for a very mediocre lunch.  definitely not worth it.
On our recent trip to Vegas, my mother and I came here because of a rave review by some people we met on the trip. My mom wanted Chinese and I wanted Mexican, so the restaurant seemed perfect. . The prices were shocking ($5 per taco? seriously?) so we ended up sharing the chips & salsa, Mongolian beef, and 20 vegetable fried rice. The food was delicious, but the prices are outrageous. It was $32 for the beef (which was basically a glorified salad). It was a delicious strip steak, but tiny, we were expecting more. The fried rice was delicious but not worth $20. Plus, the amount of food we were given did not satisfy us.. When we arrived my mother was starving, and she left unsatisfied so we ended up having a second (tiny) dinner at Serendipity 3.. Next time I want Mexican in Vegas, I'll go to Yolos in Planet Hollywood.
We decided to take a chance since we were staying nearby and the concept seemed cool. Whoops. Mistake. The dim sum was gross. The noodle soup was ok. the "Mexican" entrees were just plain weird. None of it tasted great. Service was good and attentive although the flow of food from the two separate kitchens was not well synchronized. Oh, and I concur with the other reviews, the bench seating is a bit uncomfortable, it may be trendy to have the seating that way but I'll take a good old chair with a back any day! Spent 100 bucks, left hungry and baffled.
As far as Chinese food goes, they're making an effort. There's the "kitchen" in front that you can watch through a window from outside as a few chefs who given their appearance are most likely direct Chinese imports, acquired to boost authenticity both visually and gustatorially. There is the real kitchen that you don't see though, and most likely all the food that isn't a steamed bun is created back there by who knows who.. . Fitting the Cosmopolitan Hotel, the digs are stylish and interesting and modern. Service is excellent and the menu has great variety, but prices are steep. I was surprised to see that they had rou jia mou on the menu, being somewhat obscure here in the United States to the average person, but I didn't order it. My friend did, and my initial reservation about the price to size assessment were correct. A typical rou jia mou is something like sauced pork in a flatbread sandwich about five inches in diameter (to simplify the explanation). This one was sized accurately and slipped into a protective waxed paper pocket to keep fingers clean. $8.88 is much too steep for such a "snack," even in the somewhat stylish surroundings. The meat in the rou jia mou had the same shortcomings that I've seen in other restaurants in the same dish and in beef rolls. The sauce is correct, but the meat is flavorless-if it is done properly, the sauce flavor permeates the meat instead of just covering it.. . I had the dan dan mian, the noodles being very good, but the sauce had no kick, no spice. That seemed to be a re-occuring theme throughout our table's dishes- weak flavor.. . I'm tempted to return simply because I hadn't explored the Mexican side of the menu, especially because that is one thing that this country does "right" more often, but my reservations continue to be about price. Perhaps if I'm in the casino again and flush with winnings, I'll return. Otherwise, there's much more culinary turf to explore in the city.
Really, very expensive. For real.. . When you spend $160 for a meal for two that consists of 8 small dishes and only two (duck tongue tacos and shu mai sampler) that really kill it, you've simply wasted your money.
Super Over priced. Tiny portion sizes. If you go.. go for the soup. Dont waste money on tacos. Although the guacamole taco is your best bet for the value. . . Food was average. I liked the idea.. it sure looked fancy inside.. the food just did not meet up to my expectations... :[
okay, when i ordered their "famous" carnitas...i thought i would be getting at least MORE than one for $6! NOPE, i only got one small ass carnita! im telling you i was hungry as hell b/c my bf and i had drank quite a bit a from the other night so you guys already know im gonna need some food in my system and water.. . i was so shocked that it was only ONE carnita for that price..dont get me wrong..it was pretty damn good. but DAMN, seriously?  i ordered their hot and soup since our waitress did say their plates do run small and now i know why she meant by small ..she meant quantity. (hence the ONE carnita!) she did also say it is a sharing type of dining experience but how am i supposed to share with that one carnita and a med size bowl of hot and sour soup?!?!. . my bf ordered their mole carnita and yes it was small and there was only one. my guy can eat and i dont know why i was more dissapointed than he was lol. you guys can tell i was hungryyy and my fattyass side was showing. he also ordered their street pork sandwich which was $10...and it was a the size of a mini and i mean MINI pancake.....i even said..."are you serious??" . . service was good, a little too invasive and too pushy for me..probably it was b/c our waitress was training but it was little bit too much..always trying to talk to us when we were eating..trying to make us buy more small size entrees...i totally get what they are trying to do but girl i gotta eat in peace!!. . our bill was $30 for those 2 carnitas, 1 small ass sandwhich and a bowl of hot and sour soup. . . i personally wouldnt try this place again bc of the portions and prices but if youre looking for that asian/mexican fusion place...this is it for you. BUT if you are a fat ass like myself or need that good amt of food in your system..this isnt your place.
I am giving a 2 star rating only because for the price I could've eaten much better.  The 20 vegetable fried rice was delicious but other than than the $6 2 bite tacos were average.  The $16 dumplings (4 of them) were average and everything else was just ok.  For 4 adults and 2 kids we spent $198 and left hungry.  Our server was great and that is the only reason I didn't leave or complain.  Don't waste your time here unless you are looking to drop a couple hundred and leave hungry...
I'm so sorry that i give you only 2 stars,i love the restaurant though great service but the food i don't like it ,i dont think im going to be a big FAN of China Poblano and i dont think i will go back there again,sorry
Get ready for the most rushed dining experience of your life! At one point, while I was biting into a taco, I had a server reach over my head to grab a plate. Really, guy? . . The food here is total bullshit. $5.50 gets you one taco, with a dry factory made tortilla, some dry meat, and here's the showstopper - pickled onions. Boom. Gourmet. Dude, I've had better tacos at some of the most ghetto taquerias and the price was nothing close to $5 fucking fifty. Get a grip. Oh yeah, it's Vegas. Boom. Roasted.
This is really a tapas bar. For those that are unsure what that is just be sure to stop into Mcdonalds on the way there and get a bag of cheeseburgers because you will be hungry. Small small portions. very good but tiny. $16 drinks. meh.
I was really looking forward to this place after reading an article about it in the San Diego Magazine.  Went here twice.  First had some Asian style tacos and they were just ok.  For $5.00 each though?  Way to much for what I got and what I tasted.  Came back a second day to try a noodle soup bowl, and it sucked.  It was a combo of Bak Choy and shrimp dumplings.  What was horrible though was the lack of flavor in the broth and the noodles were actually somewhat crunchy.  I really am sad to give this place a poor review, because the servers were actually decent.  However, I will  never come back here.  I feel like they won't be here too long.
Pretty disappointed.  First, not many inspiring choices. Second, they brought out our entrees one at a time where we then waited to eat our food until we got all three entrees.  That's where the waiter failed to tell us that my third entree was not entered or the cook failed to throw it in grill. Nonetheless, we waited at a minimum of 25 minutes before we actually brought all three entrees together to eat dinner. Won't go back.
Just OK.. . We decided to check out China Poblano soley based on its convenient location inside The Cosmopolitan.  We met up with my cousins prior to our reservations at The Chandelier bar.  I decided to get a fresh cocktail before heading up.  We walked up to give them our reservation name and we were told that we couldn't enter unless I finished my very full cocktail or dumped it out.  What?  We are still in Vegas right?  I tried to comply, but just couldn't stomach slamming an entire cocktail with no food in my stomach.  Not to mention, I am close to being a 40 year old woman...come on!!!  My husBAND approached them again and politely questioned their policy.  A few moments later they came over and told us that we could enter with the drink.  . . The service from that point on was spot on.  Absolutely no complaints in that department.. . The food was just OK...nothing special.  We all ordered multiple dishes to share so we tried  a bit of everything.  Nothing particular stood out.. . The decor is interesting.  I did find the little pull out stools in the middle of the dining room a little odd and uncomfortable...just awkward really.. . I wouldn't not recommend this place to anyone, but wouldn't go out of my way to recommend it to anyone.
Let's start with the good stuff about China Poblano:. . - Super cute and trendy decor, we had such a great time noticing the small details around us as we waited on food.  It almost feels like dining in an eclectic art gallery, fun.. . - The service was pretty solid, not rushed nor too pushy -- but very attentive with water glasses filled at all times, friendly rapport and helpful suggestions.. . - The drinks were interesting.  Not strong or obsess about the cocktail menu until you return amazing, but definitely stood out above most of the rest of our Vegas beverages.  In particular, the Blood Orange Chile Pequin Margarita  had a unique flavor (not as spicy as we'd like it, but that's not unusual as we're freaky about our spiciness) -- and the Salt Air Margarita was an experience.. . But now for the food..... . It was just 'meh'.  Probably lower than meh... 'eh'?  . . I love fusion cuisine and small plate dining as much as the next food geek, but for the price and build up everything really fell short.  The chips and tortillas tasted store bought (or crappily made, if actually done in-house), the ceviche tasted borderline 'off', even the queso fundido was barely mediocre (who knew you could mess that up).  . . For the price and the buzz we heard, it was a total let down.  A great meal and a couple of nice dinner drinks are priceless in our household.  But this particular dinner for two set us back around $160 and was instantly regretted.  We stopped elsewhere to grab a (much tastier and filling) bite before heading back to the room for the night.  . . My advice:  grab a drink and enjoy the vibe, then move on for dinner.
The food was okay not great.  The dishes were a bit salty and nothing particularly special.  Our server was very pleasant and friendly.  Danielle is smoking hot so I might consider going back to have a cocktail here but there are better dining options available when in Vegas
I needed to grab a quick snack while I was waiting to check in at the Cosmo, so I stopped by here.  I was tempted to grab dim sum, but seeing how overpriced it is tuned me out.  Instead, I grabbed the only sandwich on the menu.  However, it ended up being a small bun compared to the price-to-quantity ratio I had expected.  Though since this is Vegas, I probably should have lowered my standards even lower.. . I admire the creativity, but this is really a tourist trap, if that hasn't been said enough already.
My group settled on eating here since it was in our hotel, and we were starving.  The food was OK, but the dishes we ordered weren't meant for sharing -- even though the server said they were.. . We found ourselves having just a taste of each dish and still hungry about $30/person later.. . The place is amazingly decorated, we had plenty of space at our table, we were sat right away, and the service was great ... but the food just wasn't worth it.. . "At least we gave it a shot", was the overall feeling ... *shrugs*.
$$$$$$ for two small tacos?!?!. sure they taste good but no thank you
Just went to China Poblano for Noodle wonton soup. The broth looks and tastes like beef broth. The noodle is not crisp and chewy. Not enough vegetable like wonton soup supposed to be. The wonton is fair. But it is overpriced  for half the portion most chinese restaurnat offer. Definitely need a change. If you are looking for authentic Chinese Noodle or Dim Sum, this is "not" the right place. Stay away from Fusion type restaurant. If you want good Ehenic foods, do not try fusion restaurant. I can't comment the Mexican restaurnat side. But I will not attempt based on the taste of Chinese food.
Small portions, high prices.. at least the place looks nice.. . Now this is probably one of those places you need to go to more than once to get an accurate opinion, but I was pretty disappointed. This is a cheaper version of a Jose Andres restaurant, (cause not eveyone can afford to eat at E). . There are a couple good menu items, the chilaqulies are good if you are a cheese fanatic, the pork belly tacos are great, with thin slices of pineapple, and the Dan Dan Mien is delicious with home made noodles. The lengua tacos were decent, nothing special but not bad. Remember everything here is tapa sized, very small portions. Each person needs to order about 3-4 dishes in order to get full. . . Two menu items here ran about $30 which is very expensive for the average Mexican/Chinese food you get here. Yes its a fusion restaurant, but you can get better food at Komex. The place itself looks great. Very trippy looking restaurant, kind reminds you of a neon enfused hole-in-the wall.  But honestly, after such a disappointing first visit I don't think I could every come back.
This place bills itself as Mexican-Chinese fusion so I'm thinking yum!  Asian pork tacos?  Some yummy mexican egg rolls?  NO!  There is no fusion.  There is a mexican menu and a chinese menu.....blah.  Skip it!  However, my pomegranate margarita was delicious as was the salsa and guac so maybe just go for the snacks and cocktails!
Really really really wanted to love this. I came in with high expectations, especially because I am a fan of Jose Andres'sstyle. He is creative and has a vision that is unique in the restaurant world. The kitchen needs to see his same vision. . . The layout of the restaurant is stunning. Two bars upon entry (left and right) and your in direct sight of the dimsum preparation and steamers. There are creative cocktails to choose from, & the bar has an embedded part of the design to hold a spoon...then dissapointment began. . Without being longwinded,  Salty! Over priced! Really dissapointing! . . This was the order: Viva China* soft beef tendon/ Kumamoto oysters/scallions/ Sichuan peppercorn sauce -- it was one tiny taco, this was my only tasty thing but the price was a serious turn off for the size. Pescado Frito fried fish/ ancho chile pickled onions taco-- again just OKAY, doesn't justify the cost. Beef 6pc beef/lime/ daikon/ watermelon radish --DIMSUM, I've had better. AND the clincher Shrimp Mojo 8 pc shrimp/sweet black garlic/roasted poblano peppers--Salty. . I don't know if the kitchen was off that day but I rarely send things back and the salt content was so powerful we just had to say something. We got the dish made fresh again and sad to say, nothing changed.. . Our bill was approximately $110 and it left us starved for a second meal that wasn't going to leave us with high blood pressure. I understand that good quality will justify higher priced cuisine but these portion sizes were abnoxious. They should even slightly up the price and give us two tacos instead! Eating with your eyes is the first step to the dining experience and that left us hungry. . . I will definitely continue to visit Jose Andres's other projects but will stay away from China Poblano in the Cosmo when Blue Ribbon sushi satisfies me a lot more in the same price range!!
Food was only okay. Food portions were small and the prices were high for the quality and quantity.  In addition to this, the wait staff was rude. I would not recommend this place to family/friends.
Everyone's reviews are spot on. This place was only OK for me. The tacos are small. Chicken Mole Taco was gross - swimming in sauce. Fish taco smelled fishy to me - not a good sign. My friend also got extremely ill after eating here.  The chips are good, but $15 for guacamole? I can make better guac than this place. Margaritas are also about$14 a pop and are small. Like most of the cosmopolitan... this place is overpriced. I'd rather make a run for the border.
Food is just ok especially since they are SUPER expensivefor such a small portion of food that isn't really that good. I gave them a try twice because I give everyone a mulligan just in case they have a bad day...but unfortunately, there was no change. :( They have a cool concept...but way too expensive for what you DON'T get....which is a full tummy with yummy food. You are better off trying some where else.
Be warned - you're thinking take out but you get REALLY REALLY small portions for what you pay for.  The food itself isn't bad, but they really skimp on portion size.  It's really expensive for what you get!!!  I've tried the dan dan noodles and another dish.  Again, it's not bad, just really small and really expensive.
Not a fan went in for a quick $60 snack ! This place is not cheap portions are small. I wanted dim sum but they all had pork. I asked if there was one without pork and the guy told me beef. I ordered the vegetable dumplings that came out really bland and wet. They gave me soy sauce I asked if he had anything spicy to mix in brought out a sauce and charged me $2. I also had to ask three times for the sauce and I was sitting right at the bar stool infront of the guy. I would pass on this place definitely not worth it. The soup was also pretty bland.
Don't expect free chips and salsa at this Mexican restaurant. (I knows it's Mexican/Asian infusion so even free wontons and salsa would have provided some saving grace!) . . Expensive but doesn't deliver! Small portions come with hefty price tag. One small (not even Taco Bell sized) taco is $5.50. Extra $1 for dipping sauces. Expect to pay at least $30 for two drinks and at least $50 for two entrees.  . . Waiter was rude; he asked if I actually had a food allergy or was just trying to cut weight. Seriously?
I was overly excited about this place, but the price doesn't reflect what you get. I mean what are two of the cheapest most common foods in the US? Chinese and Mexican.....and what two kinds of food can you usually get a lot of food for under $10? Chinese and Mexican.... so why would I pay $2 for chips, $2 for salsa, $2 for rice, and at least $15 for every other dish? I DONT KNOW!. . I mean the service was great but the food was lackluster.. . Over all a cool looking place that looks like it would fit between the South America and China expos at Epcot.
For those of you who do not know. This place serves smaller portions. So you may buy a $13 hot n sour soup and you'll get a bowl. I'm surprised that the fried rice here is $20 and it doesn't have meat. . . I didn't want to eat here cause I got a bad feeling about it. But my friends ordered the hot n sour soup and they ended up returning it because it was too expensive for the price.
Service was great! Food was to unique for me
There are some tasty things on the menu, but they're spoiled by the prices. I understand a restaurant has to make a certain amount of money for each plate, but this place was exceptionally over priced.. . Tacos were good, pork buns were tasty, and the chips and salsa were ok.. . Unless you're bent on going here, try another place. Quality to price ratio is out of wack.
SMALLEST PORTIONS EVER! What is this? A restaurant for ants?!? Don't assume serving size is based on price. I had the world's tiniest har gau for $13. (Normal price at a dim sum restaurant for it would've been $2 or under.)  It says you can do family style, but some of the things on the menu are bowls of noodle soup and things that are hard to share.. . High prices, very courteous service but slooow, and heavy sauces on the food.  Kinda reminds me of PF Changs.  Eclectic/weird theme and decor with faces of Chinese and Mexican people flashing on the wall.  Overall good ambiance for groups, though the place just seems like its trying too hard to be something better than it is. If you're gonna drop cash on a nice dinner, I think there are better places.
My friends and I decided to eat here for dinner before heading to Marquee which was nice because the restaurant was straight across from the entrance. My boyfriend and I got some tacos and only one stood out.... I think it was called Viva China. Other then that the food was meh.... the famous fried rice was just ok... . . Also... Unless you LOVE vinager, DO NOT order the Huitlacoche Noodles! My friend ordered this dish and she mixed it, tried it, hated it... passed it around and we all tried it and it literally tasted like stuff soaked in vinegar. She told the waiter that she did not enjoy it and that we all tasted it and felt the same and the waiter told the manger who came by our table. The manager asked my friend, did you mix it?  and she said yes and he said something a long the lines of if you didn't know how to eat it, why did you order it and said there was nothing he could do.... really?!?!?!?!?we were a party of like 16 spending A LOT of money at your restaurant and he said he couldnt do anything for us???? wow.... . . 2 stars for convenience being right across from where we had to be/getting reservations for a large party 2 hours before showing up.... and 1 star for the Viva China... but I'd rather give 0 stars for the horrible customer service.
The concept of this place is crazy.  It's also bordering on criminal to charge $4 and up per taco regardless of how good the ingredients are.  The Chinese food well let's just put that aside. . . The tacos are pretty good but seriously these prices are absurd even by Vegas standards especially the portion size.  I can get tacos in many places in LA or OC for $1.25 that are many times superior (2 Guys, Taco Leo).  Taking aside these huge issues the tacos are good but not as authentic - I don't care how many abuelas you have making toritllas in the front of the house.. . The Chinese food is like a more authentic version of PF Chang but dim sum style.  Again the food is tasty but about 3x in price of much better stuff I can get in dozens of places in SGV. . . The Bazaar is great this place is just weird and expensive.
Apparently my expectations were tooooooo high.  Was told by foodies that this place was a must eat.  However my pool attendant said it wasn't.  First where is the "fusion"?  The menu had food from both places but nothing that mixed them.  The waiter said we had to have the best taco in the world...carnitas.  Being from San Diego it was just ok.  The salsa for it was worth the $5.  For the main course we got the Mongolian beef lettuce and Kao Lao Loa noodles.  We were told it was family style so it would be plenty of food.  If you consider 5 small pieces of beef and a plate full of lettuce enough then you are in the right place.  The one piece off beef I had was good.  Too bad they are too cheap to actually make it family style.  The worst part was the noodles.  When I order noodles I expect a plate full of noodles.  This was individual coils of noodles stood up on their end in a bamboo steam pot.  There was 20 noodles with a tiger dipping sauce.  I almost spit up up the sauce on the first bite.  Was like dirty water.  Way too much hype very little to actually eat.  I will never go back.
My friend and I came here for an early dinner after spending all day at the pool. The concept of Mexican and Chinese fusion was enticing, but unfortunately it was poorly executed. The spring rolls and potstickers tasted like something you could get at a fast food Chinese food. The queso dip was slightly better but still pretty average. Overall, I was not impressed, and will not be back.
The food here was pretty good.  I really liked how they mixed Chinese and Mexican food together on one menu, I thought that was pretty cool.  The service was good too! The only thing I really didn't like was the portion size.  I felt like it was super small for the price.  I came here with a friend and we split the Dan Dan noodles and an enchilada dish.  The food was good, but we were still hungry after we left.  I recommend the non alcoholic drink on the back of the menu ( I think it was called fresca?) it was good, but a little overpriced.
Way overpriced for average, at best, tacos. We were in a bind to find a somewhere to eat since everything was fully booked.  I had high expectations because I the associated chef's name, but clearly this is a perfect example of throwing a famous chef's name on a restaraunt to boost sales but not actually generate food representative of the chef's talent. The flavor of all the items we tried was lacking. Never mind the missing expected complexity in flavor, they didn't even have a basic salty spicy flavor. What gives? For these prices I expect something better than average, and that's why the rating drops to 2 stars.
pretty much horrid.. . this is NOT fusion food.  it's basically chinese food juxtaposed with mexican food.. . the waiter asked us if we wanted chips and salsa and we said yes, like we would at any other mexican restaurant.  little did we know we'd be paying $4.. . poor ger-ger wanted guacamole not having seeing the menu and didn't realize it cost $15!  . . extra chips?  another $2. . shu mai that taste like it came from costco, six little pieces, $14.. . what a rip off.. . never again.
Although they provide great service, I have always thought this place is overrated. I tried it a second time a couple of weeks ago to give it another chance. My first experience with their food left me questioning how they can get away with these outrageously high prices and the food being just average. . . This time around we opted out of ordering tacos as I get way better tacos at Tacos El Gordo for half the price. I was craving soup so we ordered posole as a starter as well as chips & salsa, chicken flautas, 20 vegetable fried rice, and dan dan noodles. The posole was salty and the soup thick. I had to ask for more lime to offset the saltiness. The vegetable fried rice is good but not at $19. . . I don't think I can see myself coming back unless there is nothing else available if I'm staying at the Cosmopolitan.
My reason for two stars was based on how excessively greasy the food is. How are steamed Sui mui  dumplings greasy? The  fried spring rolls were  super greasy, but at least we knew that was a possibility since they were fried. I did not expect my mushroom tacos to be dripping grease. Add this to the small portions and high prices mentioned by others and I would suggest you would be better off else where.
The only reason for the 2 stars versus 3 stars is the pricing.  Yes, it is Vegas.  Yes, it is the Strip.  Yes, it is the oh-so-trendy Cosmopolitan. . . But, sheesh...it's Chinese and Mexican food.  $5.50 each for a teeny-tiny appetizer tacos(albeit with gourmet filling and hand-made tortillas - the corn for the masa was hand-picked one at a time by specially trained Capuchin monkeys!)...I think we paid $10 for a grilled eggplant (yes, that's singular eggplant).  The food was good, but not extraordinary.  . . Recommendation:  If you just made a killing on the casino floor and have a Benjamin to burn, do come here.  Otherwise, it's quite ordinary.  For a couple of retirees like us, it's just too expensive and too 'hip'....of course, our son came here with friends and raved about it.  I guess it's a generation thing!
Very good food but you can get do much better value.  The portions are freakishly small for the prices.  The lunch menu torta was decent value.  Don't get me wrong great flavors but expensive and not worth it.  Go next store and get an amazing burger
Errr.. This place is sort of like me I guess - am i Chinese, Indonesian or American? China Poblano is having an identity crisis. The place is built and decorated quite nicely. It's very attractive. However, their menu is confusing. Yes, fusion can be great but this place is not fusing anything together. The menu is basically divided into either Mexican or Chinese. There's nothing thats Mexican AND Chinese - nothing like carnitas filled steamed buns or wonton tacos. You know what I mean..... The only thing that was edible is the Twenty Vegetables fried rice. . Their wonton noodle soup is meh. My friend's Mongolian beef is so strange - it's more like salad with little pieces of beef tossed over it. Ha ha . Anyways, service is okay and I still need to figure out why they overcharged my debit card...not very happy with this. Tsk
