Having read all reviews, I decided to try Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan and then The Buffet at Bellagio. Boy, was I in for a treat at Wicked Spoon but an utter disappointment (to say the least) at Bellagio.. . The prices don't differ much but more should be expected of the $30 Bellagio than the $27 Wicked Spoon (on weekends as well!) This was sadly not the case.. . The hype surrounding the crab legs turned out to be a meh moment. True, they were pretty huge. It is easy to mistake brine water for freshness but the texture gave them away. I'd imagined crab meat in its luscious and chewy grandeur but they were more like less than chewy strands soaked in ice and seawater. (Wicked Spoon had limited crab w/ drawn butter and it tasted superior even when I was bloated). . The meat department fared only average imo. The alleged Kobe Beef was definitely not the kind that melts in your mouth. Although Wicked Spoon offers similar stuff, you do get more variety and at least the Galbi and Braised Short Ribs (at WS) were yummy.. . Dessert: Oh don't get me started. WS throws its competition out of the window. How can Bellagio even compare? One would expect that the desserts should be worthy of Jean Phillipe Patisserie also in the hotel but that is far from true. The creme brulee was not bad but the cheesecakes and sorbets brought back horrific college dining hall memories. Compare this with: fresh strawberries and bite-size apples coated in amazing chocolate, shots of delicate mousse, a selection of delectable fudges and fresh, flavorful gelato at Wicked Spoon. For desserts alone, WS deserves 5 stars and I have to beat myself up to give Bellagio 2 stars.. . 2 stars for: the service - efficient although it wasn't the best; the cranberry juice (I would hardly be lying if I said that was the best thing I had all night). . . My only guess is WS is a new buffet building its name and the line was shorter (outrageous!). In a few years, I bet (that's what you do in vegas) the price, line and rating will far exceed Bellagio.
This was a great buffet when the launched years ago but for the price and what else you can get out there I dont think that its worth it anymore. . . Some of the seafood selections are good such as the crab, shrimp, etc but where the fall down is trying too many things in one place. All of the food either begins to taste the same or none of it tastes great. I'd rather spend a bit more and go to a place where I can be served and have a GREAT meal...especially in VEGAS the home to the best restaurants in the world!
The food is decent, but not worth the price of admission, in my opinion. I much prefer the buffet at Wynn - better taste, better presentation, better ambiance.
Dear Buffet: WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU???!!!. . This was always one of my favorite Vegas buffets....seriously, what happened?  Still in the same beautiful hotel, still have the same long line with 1 hr+ wait...but where's the great tasting food I remembered?? :( I was really really disappointed the last time I was here. I did not enjoy any of the food I got: not the prime rib, not the sushi (there was no sashimi so that was -10 stars lol), not the seafood, not the dessert, not anything =I. . Le Sigh. I guess this is goodbye, it's not you, it's me. No wait, it IS you.
Went here for dinner with friends and wanted to see what all the hyped was all about. For a $30 buffet, I wasn't impressed. I didn't think that the lamb was delicious, if anything, it tasted like it wasn't cooked well. Disappointed. The snow crabs were that great as well. There weren't that much meat in the crab legs. Lastly, the dessert choices were very limited. Overall, I can't even remember the good part about eating here.. That just shows that I am not impressed at all.
from all the reviews i've read and heard about, i was really underwhelmed by what i got.  the decor reminded me ann arbor's olive garden - nursing home like and homely.  compared to wicked buffet at the cosmo, this place did not look appetizing at all.. . the food selection wasn't awesome but it wasn't bad, i would say average buffet.  but this probably was because i went during lunch.. 20 bucks per person for lunch so it wasnt bad for the price.... . the one pro that i did appreciate was the speedy waiter service here.  they were more on top of things than wicked buffet.. . but when I go back to Vegas, i don't think i'd be visiting bellagio's buffet as first choice...
Can someone please explain to me why there is a line of 25 people deep at the breakfast buffet and only one (slow ass) person there to seat people. It's not like it was super early in the morning (like 4 AM), it was 8 AM - AKA prime breakfast time. There should have been 2 or 3 employees seating people. The amount of time we waited to be seated was longer than the amount of time we spent eating our breakfast (which was totally not worth the $18 charge). Not to mention it was a huge challenge to get a waitress to bring us water, orange juice, or anything else we may have needed. This experience just reaffirmed why I hate buffets.
I really want to give it more than 2 stars but I just don't believe it lived up to its potential. Or maybe it didn't live up to it's hype/reviews/rating... paid $24 per person and got seated after about an hour wait in that frigid line.. . We were happy and super excited to finally feast, yet the food selection was mediocre. The sushi was bland and disgusting. The turkey was dry... everything was extremely disappointing and never went back for seconds of anything :(
After hearing so much hype about this buffet, I expected it to be amazing but I was very disappointed with my meal and service. This is even with the fact that I didn't have to wait in line because my aunt waited for us! . . I feel like the food was not worth $35 for dinner, with the steak being plain, mediocre sushi, and very limited options. I had a custom chicken and vegetable crepe after trying out the steak and sushi and it was pretty gross. I thought it was going to be like a pot pie but it was just disgusting. After all this, I was hoping dessert would redeem thepoor quality of entrees but there were few choices and none of them were very good. The place is almost worse than a college cafeteria. . . Also, my server was from some random foreign country and it took forever to get the drinks that I ordered and remove the plates off my table. . This place is not what its hyped up to be for dinner, I'm hoping that Wynn will be better when I visit for my 21st!
I'm going to come out and say it, the buffet isn't all that. It's certainly not worth it. At least not these days. Maybe back when it was new and all that, but like fish sitting out, the moment it gets old it's not worth eating and should be tossed out. . . So it's really confusing as to why there's so many people lining up to this thing daily. And while I'm a huge fan of seafood, especially when you have it in Vegas where they ship in thousands upon thousands of tons of fresh fish daily, you would expect to actually find something good here. . . What you end up with is just over hyped buffet food that isn't worth the lines you're waiting in, nor the coin you're dropping to get in. . . Maybe it's just that I'm over the buffet scene. The younger me would have been all over this. In fact, I was. Back in my early 20's I would come here a lot when I came to Vegas and stuff myself with all this seafood and feel incredibility sick for the rest of the day. . . But in the many years since I've come to realize that while I'm paying for quantity, the quality sure has suffered. And really, for the amount you're paying to get in here, you're just losing yourself in the moment of trying to make the plates add up to the amount. . . You're better off just going to a nice sit down restaurant that is highly rated and has a specialty you like and enjoy the meal without feeling like you're in the rush to make your dollar count. . . You'll certainly bypass the awful lines to get in, as well as not deal with every tourist who was told they had to come to the Bellagio Buffet.
Ehh...wasn't too impressed with this place.  If you're a real vegetarian, I wouldn't recommend this place -- I paid $37.77 (18% gratuity included) and basically only had the salad and some roasted potatoes.  Nottt worth it!
They might have been having an off day when I ate here but the prime rib and lamb chops were seriously undercooked and flavorless. The dessert station is not that great either - there is only soft-serve ice cream rather than gelato (like at M Resort, Aria, and Rio, for example) and none of the other desserts were anything special. I expect better given that this is one of the more expensive buffets in Vegas.
I had been scouting out the yelp reviews of this buffet for a couple of months, waiting for the next time my friend came into town so we could try it.  We went on the weekend for dinner and payed $40each.. . I must say that it was a huge disappointment.  I used to be a fan of the Rio seafood buffet, but it has gone way down in quality over the years so I was really looking forward to getting some King Crab legs at the Bellagio, even though it is chilled and not steamed.  . . To my dismay, the crab was not good.  Both the King & Snow crab had no flavor and some of it actually smelled like it was bad.  But I am not basing my review on the dismal crab.. . I had read many posts about how good the Kobe beef, and the Beef Wellington were, and numerous other items that were great, and they just weren't all that good.  . . The "Kobe" beef tasted like dry roast beef.  The Beef Wellington was ok(never had it before), but it didn't knock my socks off.  The Lamb chops were a bit gamey, and I've had lots of Lamb.  One of the best things I've ever tasted was a  Lamb Chop on the Oregon Coast, and this wasnt' even close.. . The sushi smelled foul and I only could muster up the courage to try the tuna, which was about what I would expect at a low dollar buffet. . . The only high point was the Prime Rib and the very large & tasty Peel & Eat shrimp.  The Prime Rib was very good & the au jus was also really good.  The Prime Rib isn't as good as Lowry's Prime Rib, but it is top notch for Buffet Prime Rib.  I've had many disappointments with buffet Prime Rib, and the Bellagio isn't one of them.  . . There were also a couple of vegitable dishes & other sides that were good, but for the price, I expected way more.  The buffet at Green Valley Ranch is a third of the cost, and the quality of the food is much better.  Not as much selection of high end stuff, but when the crab, Kobe Beef, & Sushi all suck really bad, the point becomes moot.. . I gave it two stars because between the peel & eat shrimp & the good Prime Rib, I think I got my $$ worth.
Wow...really??. . No, that's not a good wow. That's a "I paid that much for this" wow. If I'm being perfectly honest, I was not impressed at all. That being said, I went in with an open mind and empty stomach. Ya know, everything is supposed to taste better when you're hungry. Nah. It really didn't.. . Service was great. From the beginning to the end. The host was polite and pulled our party of four through the long-ish line and sat us quickly [no, we aren't VIP...though at times that would be awesome]. The waitress[?] was quick to clean our empty plates and refill our beverages. I'm hesitant to call her a waitress because she wasn't really waiting on us. But regardless, she was good.. . The food was ehhhhhhhh. I've really experienced better back home [in Chicago] and definitely paid less [we went for lunch]. The selection was limited; it is "multicultural," but there were only like two or three dishes per cuisine, and there weren't many different types of cuisine.. . I left a underwhelmed and way too full [I tried to get my moneys worth]. I'm curious to how different dinner is compared to their lunch. Hmm. Is it worth the risk? Try it yourself and message me. I'd be interested in your take on what was once revered as the creme de la creme of LV.
Waited 1 Hour. Went there at 10 for breakfast. Paid for Lunch. . Food was ok . Good selection.. We prefer wicked Spoon & aria . Furniture is old. Not Contemporary at all
Not worth the money or the wait in line. I went to the buffet for Brunch on a Saturday... The food was just "ok". It was edible, but nothing to go run home and tell your mother about it. The waffles were too hard and dry. The meats were extra fatty and very rare. The eggs were super runny. The breakfast sausage was good, but that's pretty hard to screw up. The pizza was ok too. The muscles were dry. The king crab legs were ok for buffet standards. The pork belly was juicy & delicious, They did not have too many options for desserts, just your standards, I tried almost one of everything but was only happy with the keylime tart. . . Overall I think the Belliago Buffet is more on the old school vegas vibe. With standard options. The newer hotel buffets on the strip (i.e. Cosmopolitan, Aira, etc) seems to give not only the standards but different variations of them as well as providing other unique options for the same price as this buffet.
Pretty mixed bag, but I can't say I would go here again (!!!!!).  We went here for the lunch buffet.. . First off, I felt the service was kind of bad.  They did keep the entrance/payment line moving well, so that was good.  However, I thought that the people doing drinks as well as behind the counter weren't very friendly.  Yeah, they have a lot of tables and people to get through, but it does detract from the experience.. . The food was not great.  Having heard this buffet was one of the best in Vegas, I was expecting a lot, but I guess I should have expected a small step above Old Country Buffet.  The salad and fruit bar was pretty good, but those are foods you can't really screw up, aren't they?. . Maybe this review is overly negative, but if you are in Vegas for just a short time and you are paying ~$20 a person or whatever for a meal, you should get something AWESOME.  Somewhere else.
Meh. I've experienced better buffets than this. . . Freakishly long line, but luckily we pass the line because my aunt has a VIP player's card. . . Quality & quantity is pretty low. Price is high.
This place is overrated!. . My friend and I went here for Sunday Brunch. For $25 a pop, I expected to be wowed with variety and flavor but I was greatly disappointed. =(. . When we first walked in, I was welcomed by the awesome food aroma and massive buffet area.  I immediately checked-in and posted a quick tip about the sight of hella food. Not! I am writing this review to take that back.  We though there was hella food but 10 minutes into the buffet, we found out that the left and right side of the buffet were serving the same kind of dishes. Really really disappointed!  . . There weren't enough hot dishes to choose from and the omelette station was so swamped it wasn't worth waiting in line. One thing though, there were hella desserts and baked breads but they weren't tempting to eat at all.. . Our server was super nice! Half-star goes to her even though she forgot my water.  Prolly ain't coming back though, the quality and quantity of food served ain't $25 worthy.
Hm...stood in line for an HOUR! Just to have two plates :( We went for a late lunch. They didnt have much in my opinion for paying 25 bucks! The only thing i liked was the BBQ Salmon and Pineapple Fried Rice thats it.
so bad, so bad.. . there's much more other choices. don't waste your time lining up for crap food.
Aww man. Disappointed.. . Was it because we went for lunch? Because it was a weekday (Friday)? Was it just a bad day? Were my expectations too high because it's the Bellagio? . . Pretty much the only things I remember really liking from this (lunch) buffet were the Caramelized Chilean Sea Bass, the pastas (Mushroom Ravioli with truffle essence and Three cheese tortellini with Walnut pesto) and the cookies. Even the meat carving station was forgettable. The sushi bar person had made all of these spicy tuna hand rolls and then left them sitting there, but behind the display glass, so you couldn't even get one if you wanted one. I waited for someone to return for like 5 minutes. Eh.. . There weren't even crab legs (supposedly not until 4 PM), so I couldn't really get my Asian guy's money's worth.
Gormet buffet for about $36! I tasted better buffet in the past. The food here is just average. Its not worth it.
I came here with my family after reading all the reviews. I was very dissapointed. I don't mind the price as long as the food is good, but for that price I expected good food and it was not. The food was ok but not good. The buffet at Wynn is about the same price and is actually worth the money. Don't was your time and $$ here, it is overhyped.
If the service wasn't great (and believe me it was really great, I would give it 5 stars if this review was based on service alone) I wouldn't have given it any stars. . . Came here saturday brunch time and the line was pretty long...but they were really efficient and the line basically was moving the whole time.. . Now for the food...the only thing I enjoyed was the smoked salmon, the rest were pretty bland tasting for me.
AAAAAHAHAHAHA I cannot believe this place has 4 stars. . What a joke.  My friend had a players card that had $300 comp for food and drinks so we came here for dinner for that reason.  I felt bad for the people who did not have the Mlife players card because the line was stupid long and the wait was an hour (It was a Sunday night).  . . We came in and I basically tried everything.  All the fishes were so dry.  The steak was dry.  And basically all their cakes were dry.  Their seafood was also not good.  I did however liked that they had already opened crab legs for you.  However, they kept running out and would not restock.  Their sushi was terrible.  Sushi rice was also dry.  They had a lot of dessert, but none were very appealing.  Their cheese cake, tasted like cheese cake flavored gelatin.  Nasty.  The only dessert that was alright was the creme brulee.  To sum it up, their food reminds me of one of those low-quality Chinese buffets.  It had those types of desserts.  . . As for customer service, they were awesome.  Staff is very friendly and quick.  However, as for food, anyone that say this is the best buffet is an idiot.  $36.95 per person is definitely not worth it.  Glad we did not pay a buck or wait.  The girlfriend said that their food use to be much better and she does not know what happened.  My recommendation is to make the drive and go to the M resort and eat at their Studio B buffet. Its basically the same price, only its all you can drink alcohol plus awesome quality food.
I'm scratching my head over what to include in this review, and I am drawing a blank.. . The wait was about 45 minutes on a Sunday night around 5:30. Once inside, I didn't get the thrill of seeing all of their selection. If anything, I had that impression of "I wish we had decided to go elsewhere.". . The crab legs were a huge disappointment. They weren't that good in comparison to other buffets I have had. The prime rib was a little on the tough side, and was quite lacking in flavor. . . All in all, you get the idea. I would say avoid this buffet altogether, not worth it!
This place was a big disappointment.  I had been waiting for a couple of years to try out Bellagio's buffet since there is all this hype around it on Yelp.  I love the Wynn buffet, so I figured that I would really enjoy Bellagio.  The Wynn it so much better.  . . After waiting in line for about an hour on a late Sunday evening, we didn't get seated until nearly 10 pm. We were then told that we had 30 minutes to eat becuase they start taking away the food at 10:30 and all the food is  gone by 10:35.  They should give people at least an hour to eat before they start taking away the food, or let folks know sooner about their food roundup schedule instead of waiting until AFTER people wait 1+ hours. . . Overall, the food quality and variety weren't on par with the price tag ($30 on a Sunday night).  I'd rather go to the Wynn or Studio B at the M Resort.
Stay away frm here! Save your $ and go some place else. I'm sitting in the buffet as i write this.  I was expecting alot frm the revs and i'm def not a picky eater by no means. The food here is mediocre at best. The sushi rolls are terrible. The crab legs are way salty. The dessert is jst ok. I would def not come back here. RIP OFF!
ew ew ew...what happened to this place?  It used to be one of the better buffets in Vegas.. . Came in for lunch buffet on a friday to very minimal selections.  Your basic brunch items were available (bacon, eggs florentine, scramble eggs) nothing exciting.   The carving station offered grilled flank steak, ribs, and chicken.  Flank steak was good, but ribs and chicken was dry.. . The asian station was also very limited, 2 veggie dishes, "chow main", fried rice, and an unusual take on Chicken Biryani.  The biryani was very gravy-ish...not quite the biryani I'm used to.. . Flavor-wise, there wasn't anything that stood out that would justify the long wait or the $20 price tag for lunch.
i came, i waited in line forEVER, and the food was blah. and expensive.. . . nope..
Too long of a wait and too expensive for what it was. The food really wasn't that good.. The staff was good. Next time in Vegas I won't go back
I checked with the best buffets in Las Vegas and it gave Bellagio Buffet a #2 ranking. I went there 9/28/11 for lunch. I did not find a item I enjoyed at all. Everything was plain to  me.The Kobe beef and St. Louis rib are both dry, not juicy. Not better than the roast beef or ribs at Country Buffet or Golden Corral. The price is more than double than those places. The sweets are good but not worthy of the high classy name of Bellagio. Would I go back there again, No.
So so so Dissapointing!!! My friend and I came for a late lunch on Monday, and paid the $19.99. You can also use your M Life rewards card to pay off the buffet, and include a credit card tip when paying as well. It wasn't too packed around 3 PM, and we were starving! We started with the salad bar, and then the side dishes for the meat, some pasta, some Chinese food, and the sad sad sushi bar. Lastly, the dessert bar.. . So the Bellagio buffet is smaller than I had imagined, and isn't fancy inside like the Wynn. Our server was nice, brought us our drinks, and constantly took away our plates. So salad bar was typical, the sides we enjoyed were the broccolini, mashed potatoes and turkey gravy (a bit on the salty side), and the creamed spinach. I actually did not eat any of the meats, so I cannot vouch for that. The pastas were all overcooked and no good. I also noticed they had a lot of pesto options available, which is one of my favorites, but it was just mediocre. The pizza selection...there were about 8 different pizzas, but all were just drab. The pesto shrimp was the only one that was okay. The pepperoni was incredibly greasy and had a funky smell to it. There was a bacon and onion thin crust and it tasted so off. I also tried a vegetarian one with goat cheese, spinach and mushrooms, just okay too. . . The Chinese selection was the typical chow mein, fried rice, bok choy, and wonton soup. Chow mein and fried rice, just your typical buffet options. My friend said the wontons tasted like cardboard, so I didn't even try. . . Sushi...for lunch, all they had was california roll and vegetable rolls. At dinner time, they put out salmon and tuna nigri, and salmon and ahi poke salad. The salads were swimming in a sea of the Chinese hot sauce, and that's all it tasted like. I had my friend try, and she spit it out. . . We rolled into dinner time, and there wasn't that huge of a difference, except there were more people coming through. They brought out the king crab legs, and I never get this, but decided to, hoping something would redeem for this crappy experience. My crab was frozen. I let it thaw, and showed my friend the ice chips falling off. She got a non-frozen piece but said it was too salty. . . Desserts, ample selection. Their bread pudding is pretty good. Carrot cake is so sweet and not good. Eclairs have chocolate inside too, so too chocolate-y. The key lime tart was not good. The only ones that were okay were the mini fruit tart and white chocolate in a mini waffle cone (surprisingly not sweet). My friend and I were very dissapointed and would definitley not come back again.
I don't know what the big deal about the Bellagio's buffet was.  The line was ridonkulus and the food was "aite" at best.  The buffet was better than most that I've been to in Vegas but far from spectacular.. . The price was no different from what you would expect in Vegas so don't be too shocked.  You can't really go to Vegas and expect anything too cheap.. . The selection was decent, but after a few trips back and forth, you find yourself seeing all the same stuff over and over again.  I'm not a huge fan of crab legs, but I know most people are.  They're really smart about their crab legs here.  They split them down the middle so you don't have to worry about cracking open the shell.  They're all cooled at the buffet, but you can get a plate full and ask the chefs to boiling them for you.  I definitely recommend that you do that.. . Another item that stood out was their prime rib.  It's really tender and prepared well.  Grab a few of the side items too because they compliment the meal.
A friend of mine was getting married in Vegas on Halloween, so I felt it was a good enough excuse to go to Vegas.. . Months before the trip, I had been researching and reading tons of reviews on different restaurants and bars. I know I wanted to do at least one buffet, and for the most part, the internets told me to go to the Bellagio Buffet. . . Me and my boyfriend went on a Saturday night, and it was pretty disappointing. . . First, we had to wait about twenty minutes. It's not a long wait, but when we finally were seated, we passed probably abut 20 empty tables. I'm not sure if this has to do with being under staffed, or if it has to do with them saving tables for the 'invited guests', but I felt the twenty minute wait was unnecessary. . . Then getting through the buffet line was a hassle in itself. There wasn't a lot of open space between the dessert island and the actual buffet. It was like a herd of cattle trying to make their way to the food. The layout of the buffet is good, it just needs to be more spread out.. . And then there's the issue with the carving stations. I think this was one of the reasons why the buffet area was so congested. The people handling the carving stations were half assing it. They weren't working diligently to help people. They would carve some meat for someone, then walk away. Or they would be handling two different carving stations. Once again, I'm not sure if they were understaffed, but it was 6 pm on a Saturday. The Buffet should know to expect a lot of people during this time and should plan their staff accordingly. . . I was willing to ignore the wait and the layout of the buffet, because I felt the food would make up for the wait. Wrong. . . First, I was really excited to try Kobe Beef. I've never had it. So this was the first thing I went up and got. So I bring it back to my table, and the only knife I have is a lousy butter knife. I went up to look for a steak knife, and they didn't have any. Have you ever tried to cut steak with a butter knife? Butter knives are not meant for steak, hence they are called butter knives, and not steak knives. . . Anyway... I was determined to try kobe beef, so I battled on with this butter knife. Wikipedia says that Kobe beef refers to the meat as "generally considered to be a delicacy, renowned for its flavour, tenderness, and fatty, well-marbled texture." At the Bellagio however, the meat was really tough. I struggled with my butter knife to cut this piece of flesh, and when I was eating it, I felt like I was eating warmed up raw meat. It was not tender at all, and I had to chew it a lot. Maybe I'm food retarded, but I didn't think this meat was anything to praise. I didn't even finish it.. . Next up, I tried the prime rib. I love a good prime rib. The prime rib at the Bellagio Buffet was very fatty and very generic as far as buffets go. I still ate it, because I like prime rib...but it was still ehhhhh. I had better prime rib at Ellis Island. . . I had some other assorted food, that was all very meh. Yes they have all you can eat crab legs, but they were cold and there was hardly any meat to each leg. Yes they had cold shrimp, but I can get that anywhere. . . The desserts weren't that great either. This was another thing I was looking forward to. I had been drooling over yelp pictures for weeks before I went to Vegas, however, when I was finally at the buffet, I felt like there wasn't as much of a selection from what I saw on the pictures on yelp.. . Anyway, this buffet was average. It should have probably been about ten dollars cheaper. If you want good quality  food, you might as well go to a regular restaurant for the same price. . . I will not be returning.
This was the most over priced buffet I've eaten in a long time. The Indian casino's in the Inland Empire are better then this. The selection is good but the quality stinks. . . I thought this was nothing but wasted calories, and to a huge eater that's a sin.
Pretty disappointing. Waited in line for 30 minutes.. . Low quality food.  Tough prime rib.. . Sushi was disgusting. Very fishy.  Prepared in advance and refrigerated. The rice was cold and hard. California roll and cucumber roll?  I thought this was a high end buffet. Where are the fish rolls?. . I've had comparable food at a Denny's.
I was looking forward to coming back to this Buffet after enjoying it many years ago. Boy, save your $$$ and find another buffet.  The crab legs were frozen (defrosting while you pick through the 'snow crab like' pieces), the Kobe beef was precooked and over cooked, the prime rib was not like I remember it (pretty thin and not very tasty).  Even the sushi was pretty limiting.  If you want sushi, go to Makino or Hikari, much much fresher and tastier.. All in all, paying $37 (including tip), was a bit much.  I think I will try the Wynn Buffet the next time I go there.
I didn't think this was even worth 30$. The Kobe beef was over cooked and it took a stiff steak knife to cut it. It tasted like the prime rib but too tough. If you do go get the crab legs, sausage was pretty good, shrimp cocktail and for dessert, coffee shooter, chocolate moose cups and mini key lime pies.. If you like lamb don't get their lamb ribs they are horrible.y over cooked. Not worth it in my opinion
Came here with such high, high expectations but I was pretty disappointed. The food wasn't terrible, but nothing was amazing. I felt let down!. . The main problem I've identified with the food: none of it tastes fresh. All of it looks nice and hot sitting under heat lamps, but once you take it back to your table to eat, all of the food is lukewarm at best. This goes especially for the meat items - prime rib, kobe sirloin steak, ribs, etc. I was excited to try the Chilean sea bass, but it was overcooked and dry, with a fishy (not fresh) scent. as for the dessert bar, I spotted macarons and jumped for joy - until I bit into one and realized it was as dry as the Vegas desert air. And, the most disappointing of all - the Alaskan king crab legs, which I was sooooo looking forward to. It's nice that they're cracked for you, but they were so icy that I could only taste chunks of ice at one point. Meh.... . Our service was pretty friendly, tho and I did like a few items: Caesar salad, chocolate covered strawberries. I've heard so much about how this is the best buffet in Vegas, so maybe they were just having an off day.... . Tip: Come at 3-3:30pm and pay the $25 lunch price. Dinner starts at 4pm, so they'll change the plates to hot, fresh (relatively "hot" and "fresh") foods right in frontof you. You can then enjoy the $35 dinner for the $25 lunch price!
I've been to the Buffet at Bellagio many times in the past. During my last visit last month to the Buffet at Bellagio, I was really disappointed. Since it was the Thanksgiving Holiday, they had a special holiday price that was a little more expensive. I don't mind paying more for quality, but the food wasn't up to par.. . Starting with the Cesar salad, it wasn't fresh and very soggy, The Kobe style steak at the carving station was not very soft and moist. The sushi was good and fresh, but the selection was smaller than expected. I had a few of the other dishes, but nothing really satisfied me.. . I think the dessert selection was the highlight. These was a large variety of desserts and I tried a bunch of them.. . The drink service was good as the waiter was friendly, helpful, and quick to refill our cups.
The only reason this place does not get one star is because the food did not make us sick. The Bellagio buffet was rather disappointing for our entire group. We went for dinner and it was $30. We waited 45 minutes in line on a Monday night to get in which we figured would result in great food. Wrong! First our server took forever to get our order. She seemed to have no way of knowing when we arrived because she first went to 2 tables that got there after us before getting to ours. However that's not why I'm rating the review bad. The crabs legs didn't seem so fresh and the buffet had a rather mediocre selection compared to the other buffets we visited. The desert selection was rather plain and neither of the two ice cream machines worked.I tried the house Merlot and it was horrible. The Kobe beef had an awkward taste to it and none of us took a second bite. To make things worse for the entire hour we were there our server never picked up our previous place or refilled our water. Talk about bad service. . . We all agree not to visit this buffet on our next visit. We expected much more from the Bellagio.
We went to The Buffet on a week night at 7PM.  At 8PM we were still waiting in line!  it took around an hour to get our seats.. . Once in the dining area, it was a really chaotic sight.  People rushing all around like it was their last meal.  It didn't feel as welcoming as it could have been.  However, it did appear pretty clean, as far as the floor and dining booths, seats and tables.. . The food itself was another story.  It really looked picked through.  I don't think the staff did enough turning over the dishes, so they look fresh and maintained.  Serving utensils were left in and on the food at some stations.  I just felt the cleanliness level was not what you would expect for the Bellagio.. . The food was just OK.  I wanted to really enjoy this buffet because everyone raves about it.  But I was not impressed by the flavors, selection and taste.  Nothing stood out.  The kobe steak was tough and the prime rib was not flavorful.  Salads, soups, sides were typical.. . LIKES: mash potatoes were pretty good, desserts were nice and were the cleanest part of the buffet, mini mac and cheese was not bad. . DISLIKES: the long wait, the flavors and taste of the food, the price.. . Unless you are completely hungry and not to worried about cleanliness and taste, then this is ok.  Otherwise, try a good sit down restaurant and order the best prime rib or steak.  It will bebetter to have a waiter and staff as well.. . We won't be returning.
Ok, this is crazy.   I go here on freakin new years eve for a lunch (served until 4pm) and the buffet is closed because of a power outage.   Are you kidding me?   One of the best casino's on the strip doesn't have a backup generator for the kitchen??  LOL, anyway, I never ate at this buffet, but I wanted to!!!    Crazy thing is, right after we heard the bad news of the power outage (really..  the kitchen lost power on new years eve and was closed all day until dinner!!)  - next we find the water show as not performing because of another "technical difficulty" probably related to the outage.  Wow, someone probably got fired that day.  Imagine how many hundreds of thousands that was lost this afternoon.   Really, on new  years even 2012?   Gotta be kidding me guys.    BTW I went over to the rio and they had a great seafood buffet, so at least I had my fill of lobster and crab ;)     wow, my luck power outage at the bellagio buffet on NYE 2012,  really....
This buffet is very fancy, but $32.99 plus tax is not worth paying for. The main dishes had no taste. I only enjoyed eating the deserts and fruits that they had available that day. The orange juice was also good. I would only recommend this buffet to people who careless about food taste. I was there only for breakfast, but since I didn't like it I did not go back for lunch. The lines were not that long. We waited about 10-15 minutes to get our seats.
Total disappointment! . The boyfriend and I came here on a saturday night, and so the buffet cost $40 per person. Grant it, it was a buffet, however we expected better quality. . . One thing I was really disappointed in was their "Kobe Beef". I got a piece of it, but it was so tough and rubbery that I had a hard time cutting through it with my fork and knife. Also, the crab legs were very small. Didn't really enjoy any of the food here. Even the desserts were not that good. Too sweet (and i'm usually one who can handle sweet things). . . It was not worth our money to come here.
It's like walking into an exclusive club (we got scolded by a waitress twice) - but not in a good way. We didn't leave the right ticket on the table so we didn't get drinks right away & we didn't know line rules. Drinks, BTW, include soda & water for free. There was a TON of food but none of it was great. Desserts were pretty but not fantastic. We got in for lunch prices but they switched to dinner while there so we tried both. The wait wasn't too bad - 35 minutes in line. Afterwards however, we were both sick from the food and while I can now cross "Vegas buffet" off my to-do list, I have no interest in trying anymore.
really a disappointment. there were a bunch of different food stations by country but everything tasted like a crappy buffet id have anywhere. think golden corral. . salad bar - maybe 5 or 6 toppings, not that fresh or varied. soups - old and sitting around too long. meat station - chewy. sliders - plain and undercooked. china - had pork stew that was really underseasoned. sushi - one bite and spit it out. pizza - probably best part, but mostly because its hrd to mess up. . bellagio, you have seriously got to up your game here. what a waste
I was in Vegas a few months ago for a Forex convention.. I had always wanted to go here, its the mecca of all buffets.. I really wasnt impressed. cold meats and seafood and a line that took an hour to get through. I definitely will not be returning.. The best part was the desserts, i think i had like 8 of them as i was not satisfied with the dinner portion of the meal.
I  ended up at the buffet because I wanted to go to the Wicked Spoon over in the Cosmopolitan but didn't think I'd make it in time since it was close to closing.  The Buffet at Bellagio is open until 10 pm so I trekked over there with my husband to check it out.   . . The line was extremely long but moved fast.  It costs $29.99 per person to eat here which wasn't too bad considering beverages were included as well as dessert.   . . One of their draws is the never ending snow crab legs.  I'm not into snow crab legs so I passed but other people were piling their plates to the ceiling with those things.   . . I went through the buffet line 3 times.  . . Must try:   Mashed Potatoes, Heirloom Tomato Salad, and Broccolini . . Meh:  Kobe Beef Tenderloin (didn't taste like anything special and extremely dry). Prime Rib (way too bloody) . . Gross:   Macaroni and cheese, pizza, "homemade" sausages and most of the desserts.  . . The only good thing at the dessert buffet was the chocolate mousse in a waffle shell.   . . Overall, I would probably give another buffet a try before going back to this one.   It wasn't a bad price for the selection but the food just wasn't as good as what everyone is saying.
Came for the brunch buffet and waited in line for about half an hour. I hadn't been to Vegas in 5+ years, but I remembered grand buffets with delicious and interesting foods. I've changed in 5 years, but the brunch buffet was not spectacular at all. The restaurant seemed a little worn down, and everything on the line was mediocre- mashed potatoes, scrambled eggs, omelets, pancakes... even the carving station meats weren't very good- under salted, under flavored. There were some good items- the salmon (covered in BBQ sauce- strange), the two types of seaweed salad, and the smoked salmon. The dessert station was another disappointment- absolutely nothing tempting. The whole thing reminded me of a cruise ship buffet.
We were very hungry after a long hike that we needed a buffet to fill our tummies.  I was very disappointed that the food didn't taste that great even for our empty stomachs!  Everyone raved about the king crab legs, but I like them defrosted, not icy!. shrimp, also icy, and cocktail sauce (very bland, it was closer to ketchup than cocktail sauce I had to spike it with more horseradish and lemon juice) were very disappointing. Chilean sea bass was good but not the teriyaki sauce they put on top. . Some of the dishes were okay but most were bland.  This place got one more star than it deserved because of the service.  They were charging $45 for this? (Easter weekend deal).
Supposed to be the best in Las Vegas but I had better at other places for cheaper. I go for the crab legs but when I tried theirs out it was a bit too salty so I was disappointed. Probably will not try it again unless a group of friends force me to go.
MEH. NO CRAB LEGS NO CARE.. . Waited in line while my boyfriend gambled for 2 hours as I waited in a long, endless line. Good thing the Bellagio has wifi. They know wsup. But it was for Sunday brunch so I suppose they wouldn't have crab legs but hey, I was expecting some because it's Vegas! Who cares if it's brunch? . . The line actually moved along quickly and as I got closer to the cashiers, its really the cashiers that work slow and carry out the line, not the actual wait to get seated because there's unlimited seats inside! . . We got settled in and paid 25 a person for brunch and skipped over for another 5 dollars unlimited champagne. The food selection was minimal, with most of the emphasis on breakfast food. Had everything from waffles to mash potatoes to eggs benedict and bagels and everything else one could think of for brunch! I felt the variety of food that caters for a buffet was short and wasn't worth the money. . . However they did have prime rib, which was chewy and medium rare. Very thinly sliced but it was certainly unlimited! . . Perhaps it was bad timing or just Sunday, but it certainly wasn't worth the wait especially for my birthday. It wasn't a full meal perhaps the Aria buffet would have been a slightly better choice.
Disappointing.  We were here a few years ago so I can confidently say the quality has gone downhill.  There is a large selection of food but it is not as diverse or delicious as it used to be.  The food is still good, but not great.  The presentation is decent, but probably not great in terms of food handling.  The shrimp cocktail was particularly bad in that it was sitting directly in a huge pile of ice which looked nice, but made the shrimp taste like ice... which tastes like nothing.  The tub of cocktail sauce that had been spilled all over and was warm was also less than appetizing.  The desserts were the final straw, they looked amazing but tasted terribly, seriously - inedible.  The service was slow and slightly forgetful.  The entire place needs a facelift, the carpets are getting gross, the tables and decor outdated and in need of repair.  . Again, the food is good but not great - there are better options, specifically I would recommend the Wicked Spoon next door at the Cosmopolitan.  The Bellagio is going to have to work much harder to compete.
Not really diverse. Price is high. You're really just paying for the presentation. Let's face it, nothing is cheap at the bellagio. Lol. Food was okay. Nothing spectacular. Husband liked the tres leches dessert. First time trying, and it wll be our last.
To my surprise, it was the buffet that I liked the least. The quality of food was not there. The food was presented in a way it didn't make me want to eat it but I gave it a try anyway since I was already there and had paid for it. A lot of the food that I tried didn't taste good and it tasted more like canned or frozen food. The place smelled bad, not a inviting scent for sure and was not very clean. Even the dishes were dirty, the waiter had a hard time finding me a clean fork that wasn't stained with residues. What a shame.
This place was just ok for me.  I've ate at better buffets in Vegas.  The choices were plentiful, but what buffet in Vegas doesn't have a million different things to choose from?  The quality of the food was pretty bad.  They had crab legs, but all of them were frozen, meaning they were completely coated in ice.  It was like having a crab popsicle.  How can you stomach that?  At least let them thaw before you put them out!  The prime rib was so fatty.  It was like, do you want a side of prime rib to go with that blob of cow fat?  The sushi was mainly rice, the the paella kind of flavorless, there were hardly any salad choices and the ones that actually looked good were behind a glass wall so you had to ask for it. So not friendly!  The only good things were the sea bass and panna cotta.  I say skip this and go somewhere else like Mandalay Bay or Paris.
My son and daughter-in-law were so hyped about going to this buffet because of the seafood varieties, kobe beef, lamb, etc.  While there was a nice variety, I felt the quality was not up to par.  The crab legs were cold, too much rice on the sushi, shrimp tasteless, kobe beef was not as tender as expected.  The sea bass and lamb were exceptional.  Unfortunately, the worst part of this experience, were the people seated next to us with a screaming toddler and small child. The parents tried to placate them by letting them wander around and be very disruptive. This went on for 60 minutes, until we could not deal with it anymore.  This has got to be the worst dining experience trying to digest food with a screaming toddler next to you. Maybe the food would have tasted better with a better atmosphere.  Staff should have spoken to the family!!!
One of the worst buffets that I have been to in a casino. I only gave it 2 stars because I didn't get food poisoning.. . The decor is terrible and it looks like a Denny's at best. It's definitely not what I would expect from a fine establishment like Bellagio.. . I definitely recommend Wicked Spoon right next door at the Cosmopolitan if you are a foodie.
Since my office didn't have a Christmas party last year, the owner of my company told us dinner was on him and to pick any place our little hearts desired. We immediately thought "buffet!" and then eventually narrowed our choices down to the Buffet at Bellagio and Wicked Spoon. Suffice to say we did not choose wisely.. . First off, the decor is laughably bad. Really killed the ambiance for me. I mean, the food can be luscious, but when you have to look up at ugly cream wallpaper and tacky mismatched china-as-wall-art, it takes away from the experience. . . Now, the nitty gritty: the food. Frankly, I was extremely underwhelmed. I go to a buffet for the sheer variety of food. I don't go to create one plate of meat & potatoes, a salad and a dessert. I like to go get a scoop of everything. Here, that added up to maybe 3 plates-worth of different dishes. Not a whole lot, comparatively. Some items were stand-outs though. I kept going back to the sushi bar again and again. Their sweet soy sauce is delicious and the fish was fresh. Also, there were mushrooms that were cooked to the point of melting in your mouth, with a great garlicky sauce. . . Everything else was average and, honestly, when you're paying around $30 per person, it should be way, way better.
I'm sorely disappointed. I mean, I've had my reservations about doing a buffet, but since this was on so many top ten lists we figured it was a good place to try as any. Boy, were we wrong. . . Where to begin. The selection wasn't a mind blowing array, mainly Chinese, Japanese, Italian and Mexican. The food itself was bland, forgettable and greasy. Sadly the best things there were the Chinese broccoli and sea bass, but even those were so heavily greased it was hard to put down. The crab legs were still frozen. The prime rib looked like a slab of fat. The desserts were deceivingly pretty, but it tasted weird. Nothing tasted good. And to add insult to injury, when we asked for coffee, we got instant! INSTANT COFFEE. AT THE BELLAGIO! W.T.F.. . Don't waste your time. For $36.95pp, you're better off going to one of the restaurants instead.
Don't waste your money. I don't understand what the hype was all about. Nothing really good at this buffet. I don't know why it was one of the top 10 in vegas.  Went during dinner and selection was ok.  The buffet iny local town was better than this.
I dont care for buffets much anyway most are very bland. This one is the same old thing, bland food, barely warm with eggs so runny it should be called the soup of the day!
was excited to eat here for lunch before edc 2012, and even more excited when we got to bypass the long line - my friend had a platinum something or other card.. . skipping the wait ended up being the best part of the buffet -_-. .  low lights:. . 1. ribs were hit or miss.  mine tasted fine. boyf's tasted like old marlin jerky. 2. food was cold, lukewarm at best. 3. bad selection of sushi. i'm probably spoiled from bay area asian buffets though. .  alright:. . 1. desserts were good.  but i wasn't there for desserts!!. 2. lots of fruit,  walked out like i was coming from a farmer's market. 3. not too $$. .  SKIP THIS PLACE!! Wicked Spoon @ cosmo is 9483215696969x better
It "ain't" what it used to be.. . MGM has created their own mess of low room rates, low service, and $14 drinks. . . The Buffet is now overcrowded with children and strollers as families are packing the "family truckster" for a "Vegas Vacation". I counted over 20 strollers in The Buffet!. . ... That's not "SIN CITY" that's a day care center, with screaming children! These families aren't going to pony up $14 for a "girl drink" or $7 for a beer. Rather they'll anchor themselves for as long as possible and drink "diet Coke" until the fountain runs dry.. . In turn, MGM has gone on the cheap, cutting down on all of the service stations. They let pizza and other dishes sit there until the last slice is taken. . . For $20 (during the week) you get what you pay for... . . Love him or hate him, when Wynn ran the Bellagio he'd never stand for this average quality and service!
We went there in party of 6 and waited time to actually seat by VIP pass was very long we could actually see the empty tables but there weren't aible to cleanup. So waiting time was really bad. As far as the food? It was Sunday lunch and the food choose was very limited. Maybe three types of food come on NO MEXICAN, NO CHINESS, NO ITALIAN food?? You got to be kidding me!!!! The California roll sushi was really bad so bottom line with the money you pay it's not worthed, save your money for other food buffet
Sunday brunch review:. . No king crab legs...this was a big disappointment for us since we were ALL looking forward to this.  But they had eggs benedict, delish smoked salmon and scallop ceviche.  Shrimp cocktail was okay.  Pancakes are made fresh hazelnut french toast which looked really good, there is also a custom omelet stand.  I didn't eat any bread product (other than bread pudding which was yum) or rice bc I wanted to eat the out of ordinary stuff lol. Prime rib was tender and juicy.  Drinks were included other than bottomless mimosas and they have sparkling water!!!  Service was great.. . Strangely enough (because it's not an unusual item), I keep thinking about the sugar free cheesecake.. . Do not get sorbets, super melty and peach sorbet tasted like puke.  Get the raspberry kind if you must.
I heard great things about this particular buffet but it just reminded me of a higher quality old country buffet. the food was unoriginal and there weren't that many options. and the maki rolls...sigh. . . The line is unnecessary long and i would recommend visiting another buffet. the wait is not worth it.
20 years I waited for this slop. Everything was lukewarm at best. Desserts that were supposed to be cold were warm. My 17 dollar cocktail gave me a good buzz for 5 minutes so 1 star for that. 2nd star is for service. Remember people...its a buffet. Lower your expectations or you will be slapped in the face by disappointment like myself.
Very disappointing!!!!! The food selection was small especially at the sushi station. Only California rolls and some simple sushi available. The dessert selection was sad. The service was not good at all. The lady who stayed at the sushi station basically just threw the spring rolls on my plate!!! I heard so much about the buffet here and was really expecting a good time. Turned out it was truly disappointing.
Bellagio, you're so beautiful and classic. I had such high hopes for your buffet, but you let me down.. . The buffet at the Bellagio is undoubtedly overhyped. Don't come here if you don't have 45 minutes to wait in line. Don't come here if you want to eat subpar food. None of the food items that I grabbed were worth comitting to memory. Yes, it was that bland and boring.. . Though the food and wait was awful, our server was extremely kind.
I tried to go for dinner but was told it would be at least a two-hour wait. So I went to Cafe Bellagio instead which was really good.. . For the second try, I went at 10:30 am to stand in line for lunch. 'Only' waited 40 minutes.. . Unfortunately, I went to the Wynn Buffet the day before which made Bellagio Buffet look weak. The quality of food really isn't that great. It gives the impression of an upgraded (choice of food) Hometown Buffet. I'm sorry if it sounds harsh but in all honesty it really does.. . Also you can tell by the people who come to eat here that for some things you really get what your money is worth. . . I'm not going to come back to Bellagio Buffet... sorry folks.
This was the second of two buffets we visited while in Vegas (the first being Wicked Spoon).  Of the two, this was far more hyped up, but that only led to a bigger let down.  . . There isn't a whole lot to say about the environment here: it's beige, really abundantly lit up, and loud.  If you need an idea of who you'll be eating with, just comb the line before you head in, or people watch as you wait well over 30 minutes in some cases to get a table.  Oh, and expect plenty of families.  . . The service was solid, albeit busy.  I don't remember our servers name because she never physically stopped moving as she said it.  She was either dropping of drinks, checking up on us as she walked by, or grabbing plates off the table when the busing staff was busy else where.  She certainly smiled the whole time though.. . I was trying to put together a list of highlights and misses like my other buffet review, but to tell you the truth, a lot of the food here was a let down.  I really don't remember much of it.  I did like the first cut of lamb I had, but when I went back for another serving it seemed like they had prepped it completely different and all the flavors I liked the first time around were completely missing.  The sushi was abysmal.  The rice was dry and had a styrofoam taste to it.  The ribs were pretty good, but no one seemed to be stationed to cut them, so I had to make two trips before I could try them.  There were two things that stood out now that I'm concentrating on our meal: the strawberry and cream desert shooter, and the salmon poke.  The poke had a great fresh taste to it, and a really nice and subtle heat that reared its face after a couple bites.  The desert shooter was also really refreshing, light, and had a great tang to it from the slightly sour strawberry.. . All in all, I don't think I'll be coming back to the Bellagio for their buffet.  It really shows it's age, both in the food and in its looks.  Plus, the wait was pretty awful, and we stepped up to the line as it ended at the restroom entrance.  By the time we left, it had wrapped itself even further down the casino, easily another thirty to forty people deep.
Over-hyped. Got here at 8:15 PM on a Saturday night for the "Gourmet Buffet" and waited an hour in line.  When we finally sat down, we saw many open tables because line management is very poor (they were seating strictly in order without trying to find parties to match open tables.). . Food was generally decent but unexceptional and not worth the long wait. Rack of lamb had nice seasoning but the first cut I was given was badly overcooked. "Kobe beef" was a joke - it was a cheap cut of meat, tough, with no marbling, and very very salty on top. I've had real Kobe-style beef, and Bellagio's version was not even remotely close. Quail was good, if maybe a bit light on the seasoning. The rest, honestly, was not really memorable. You won't find any bold or exciting flavors here, but for the most part, the food is competently prepared.. . Service was awful. Victor took a long time to notice that we sat down, and he didn't manage to get drinks to our table (only 2 people) until long after our first trip to the buffet.  After that, he never returned to check on us or clear empty plates. I made three trips to the buffet after finishing my drink, and I got a refill only after finally waving Victor down and giving him a dirty/questioning look.  He seemed much more interested in doting on tables with young kids than providing good service across all his customers.
Bellagio is losing its touch & customer service.  I was there with couple friends in March 2012. We got there at 7:45pm; we were sitted by 8pm. The food selection was poor; most of the foods were lukewarm. Maybe it was because it was getting late. I go to Las Vegas every year and I have always enjoyed my food at Bellagio but this time it was a disappointment. What a waste of money too. I called the manager the next day, I was told to call back on Monday. I explained I will be flying out that day but the manager didn't care.
So, I've been to the Bellagio buffet before and I thought I remembered having a great experience there although, to be honest, I can't really remember. It was like when I was 5 years old so I guess I might have matured in my taste buds since then. Who knows?. . Anyway, the food was mediocre at best, but the choices were so slim I was shocked. I mean, there was a good variety of standard American staples like chicken, mashed potatoes, turkey, pasta, pizza, etc. (although I guess those last two are Italian, but whatever.) But, I was really hoping for unique food items that you don't get on the day-to-day. This is definitely not the place for that. They are way more focused on quantity over quality. They did have a sushi bar, but it was the type of sushi you would find at a supermarket (mostly rice, basic ingredients, blah). . . The one good thing was that the waiter refilled our drinks whenever we needed it (even sometimes when we didn't need it) and a soda comes free with your dinner so you're not charged extra for it.. . I dunno, everything was FINE, but for the wait and the price, I was hoping for something great.
Was there 2 nights ago.  Weird garbage smell around the desert area.  Food was sitting outside way too long.  If this wasn't in the Bellagio I would not have paid 20 dollars for it, instead out of nostalgia I paid 40.  What a waste.
Went there after seeing the program on travel channel and friends recommendation.  DISAPPointed.  At $30 a person, the selection was poor.  Nothing stands out as a great buffet. Line was 30 minute long.  Not sure what the buzz was about.  Would not go there for dinner again.
Service: 3/5. Food: 2/5. Price: $$. Presentation of food: 3/5. Presentation of restaurant: 2.5/5. Overall: 2/5. . I heard great reviews about this place, but the day we came in (I'm not sure if it's because we came for lunch) the selection was really disappointing. Plus there was this stench around the soup area, I'm not sure if it were the workers or just the place wasn't squeaky clean; but it was very off putting every time I walk pass. There were scrambled eggs still during lunch. Then there was chicken rotisserie style next door to it (I was a little thrown off). The pineapple fried rice was pretty good (one of the better ones, but I've had better). The dessert selection was a little whack, they had eclairs, but chocolate filled?? Eugh. Waaay too sweet, the other cakes were alright; still over baringly sweet. The only one that was good was is the carrot cake. Oh don't get me started on the coffee, ITS VEGAS RIGHT?? So of course this was the first meal of MY day because I had slept in from the previous night of fun, so I have to order my coffee on the daily. The coffee was boring, not strong enough; and no coffee taste (I hope the morning roast was better). I really wanted to like this place, but it didn't turn out that way :/
I've been here before in 2008, and the food was not exactly what I would have expected from a prestigious resort as The Bellagio. The wasabi was watery, and the sushi tasted like an untrained person made it for Costco (I'm sure you'll agree Costco sushi is one of THE worst you can have).. Fast forward to 2012, and I thought I'd give it another try, thinking that perhaps 2008's dining experience was a fluke. It was not. Once again, Bellagio insists on serving their hungry patrons with subpar "gourmet" food. What a serious joke! I am once again appalled at what I would refer to as "wasabi soup".. The carving station had "Kobe Beef Top Sirloin". Are they serious? There is no such thing as Kobe Beef outside of Japan.
This buffet was great few years ago but it looked tired this time. Sushi was not even that good of a selection and it was just okay. Disappointed!
I went to this buffet with a friend with a lot of rewards points or some kind of vip club status so we were able to go to the front of the line and let me say that if I had waited in the crazy long line that was there I would have been super pissed and that is one of the main reasons I am dropping this review to 2 stars.. . If it had not been for the long line I and the price would have been reasonable I might have given 4 stars because as for buffet food the quality and choice was good, NOT amazing but good.  The atmosphere was nice, good decor and service on par but for the price and long line.... Meh, there are better choices in Vegas
This is only for breakfast, since that's the only one I've had.. . Having tried several breakfast buffets on the Strip, I have to say this isn't anything spectacular. The $16.99 price is kind of in-between, not too outrageous but from that I did expect more than what you get. . . They have the basics covered - eggs, sausage, bacon, ham, potatoes, french toast, pancakes, omelette station, fruit, yogurt, cereal, bagels, etc. Then a salad area, a few cold seafood salads, and a seemingly random area with I guess  "Asian" options, like miso soup and noodles and that type of thing. A few extra points for the biscuits and gravy, the gravy was quite good. Oh, and the breakfast burrito mix with tortillas was a nice option.. . It seems like a large enough area but its the same stuff at all the stations, so what seemed like a large selection really isn't. The food was all good, but nothing special and I've paid less for better on the Strip. The service was on the lower end as well - I realize they aren't going to be tipped much and I'm sure they know that, but when their only job is to take your drink order I get really annoyed when the waitstaff doesn't even bother to check and see if you need your drinks refilled, as was the case here. Won't be coming back.
I wasn't very impressed with this place. But for the price of $27 per person (on weekends), it was just ok. Selection isn't as grand as the Wynn buffet, but again, you get what you pay for. Although I have to say, if anyone whohas been to the buffet at  Barona Casino in San Diego, you'll have a better time there at half the price!. . The Italian portion of the buffet: most of the pasta was over-sauced or dried up, but that's always the issue when pasta is left out for a while. Japanese side? Sushi is decent, but again, I've had way better. Their side dishes were over salted or overly spicy, which made the dishes seemingly unauthentic. I have to say though, the seafood was fresh, but there weren't any crab legs when I was there so I only grabbed a few shrimps. Fresh and sweet! The American side: mostly the prime rib to critique. It's a small slice and I was pleased it was small because I wouldn't have eaten anymore of it. It was difficult to cut, especially since I was cutting with what felt like a butter knife. Seasoning was lacking, but cooked to a nice medium rare. And as for my favorite part of buffets, the desserts? I was happy with the variety, but unhappy that they looked better than they tasted. I sampled about half of the options, and most of them were too sweet or too creamy or too dry. . . I know that this is one of the more affordable buffets in Vegas and as a poor college student, we always try find ways of cutting corners and saving a bit. But if you're looking for a real Vegas place, skip this place. I still have yet to find THE best buffet in Vegas because no one ever wants to go to the clubs bloated afterwards. So maybe another time I'll come to Vegas just to eat buffets!. . Nothing special, pass!
line was ridiculously long, breakfast was $25.95 and the eggs were a runny mess.
This place has a vast selection, including king crab legs, shrimp cocktail, breakfast fare, roasts of different kinds, variety of desserts, and some world food (stir fries, pizzas, sushi, etc). Some of it (crab legs) is very tasty, but there are too many things that are mediocre. We had a completely tough piece of fish, steamed buns that were completely soggy, the list just goes on and on. The inconsistency of their food makes me wish that they offered less variety and focused on making everything great.
I was so looking forward to this buffet.  I expected more seafood items than what was offered.  They had snow crab legs, sushi, variety of mussels dishes, and variety of fishes.  But their sushi wasn't extensive at all just the ordinary California roll and vegetarian rolls; nothing "fancy" and too much rice.  The meat was prepared nicely however after sitting under the heat lamps it got dry and had a jerky texture instead.  Lots of dessert offerings.
A disappointment. The other reviews led me to set my expectations higher than I normally would for a buffet - bad move. This is a step above Golden Corral but not worth the price. Just go to a real restaurant.
this is better than Cosmo's buffet in my opinion. . $32 weekday dinner. . prime rib was a bit stringy. . crab legs (2 varieties) ask them to heat it up for you. . flank steak - tasty!. . overall food was tasty. . I used to go to the Wynn buffet but don't know if it is good anymore
Way overpriced for what you get. Also, the line is a gazillion miles long (~3hr wait on Christmas starting at 3pm?) so don't expect to get in right away!. . The interior of this place is gorgeous and price-appropriate. Everything is clean and fresh. The buffet itself is huuuge, but there is no way you're going to be able to try everything, so don't even attempt. Wetried. Didn't succeed.. . Food I found meh/would eat again:. - Beef wellington. - Tuna/salmon poke salads (yay! raw fish yum!). - Sausage (hard to mess up). - Stuffing (I loooove stuffing but it was a bit dry). - Sushi - was okay, but if they're gonna serve sushi and call it fancy, they're going to have to get a properly trained sushi chef. The rolls were fine, but the nigiri looked like it had been assembled by a toddler. Okay I'm exaggerating, but you get my point.. . Food I found bleh:. - Christmas goose (super dry). - Snow and king crab legs (wayyyyy over salted and cooked to the point of toughness). - The flan was gross. I couldn't get myself to eat more than 1 bite, and flan is usually my absolute favorite dessert.. . My favorites:. - Roasted veggies (mmmm). - The premade salads were all delish. - Smoked salmon (but isnt' it the same everywhere?). - Shrimp cocktail (the shrimp here are HUGE and cooked to the point where they are nice and juicy, but not chewy!). - Desserts were pretty good--and gorgeously plated. They had cheesecakes, various mini cakes and cupcakes, soft serve, chocolate covered strawberries, fruit tarts, and giant MACARONS! The chocolate macaron I managed to snag made me really happy (these things are hard to get!) but they ran out on my second trip, so :(.. . Maybe because it was Christmas dinner, things were not up to the normal standard, but shouldn't it be better?. . Costs more during holidays (aka week of Christmas to New Years)
1) Totally overpriced for the Holidays. I am not even sure why people wait for 2 hours in line.Maybe they want to go back home and inform all their facebook friends about the Bellagio experience. No exceptions for hotel guest,even if its your birthday or that very special day in your life. But Gamblers get front of the line card!!!.   2) Not a good variety for Vegetarians and vegans. They really don't care.With So many Indians walking around the hotel lobby and also in the queue,I am not sure why they choose to ignore Indian Food and not have any indian specialities. Indian restaurants are everywhere now,NYC, SFO  or Hollywood or even on Vegas strip.Chicken Tikka Masala is a  favorite for  millions of people,But Bellagio choose NOT to offer any Indian Dishes in their GRAND BUFFET.( 1/6 population of this world is Indian and millions more enjoy the dishes worldwide ). If you are a Veggie, Please avoid this over rated Buffet and use your money wisely elsewhere.The family next to us walked out after waiting for over an hour as their daughter went in to see what was available and didnot like the offering. And this is a real story.
Not worth the money... Pre cut prime rib ?
Really underwhelmed by the quality of food. The spread is huge but there are hardly any items worth remembering. People were going for the snow crabs, but not being a raw seafood lover, I didn't like the rest of the offering. I don't think I will go there again.. . Now that I think of it, the last time I went there, the only things I liked were the salads, dessert and the buttered corn. This time there was no corn, desserts were mediocre. The only good thing remaining is the mixed salad. Definitely not paying $40 for that!
Not worth the price ( $75 pp + tax ).  The selection of food was vast, but the quality of food was poor and full of MSG. The best part was the desserts, the only reason I'm giving it 2 stars and not 1.
We went out to Vegas for the holidays -we planned on going since lots of people we know were saying a must stop.. . 3 hour wait . Food was decent nothing special . crab legs were frozen still have ice on them. sushi was not good dry and fishy tasting . prime rib was good - a bit bloody/ under cooked . . Here is the kicker for me - I was charged 3 times for the same visit now yes the one payment went thru and the other 2 are pending but it's holding up my funds- . . I wouldnt go back - OVER Rated in my opinion.
The food is fairly good.  The servers and staff are generally rude and disinterested.  The setting is nice but the crowds are large and the buffet is stressful.
WAY DISAPPOINTED!. . This used to be one of the best Buffets on the strip. Pricey yes, but good.. . As of 2013, same price but this is what you should expect for your quality dinner:. - Taco Station. - Pizza Station. - Chinese Food Station. - Soggy Salad Bar. - Kobe Beef that you cannot chew nor cut. - Mediocre dry desserts. - Fruit (whole), tiny - 1in pears, 2in apples. . It wasn't all bad.. - Limited Sushi Great. - Roasted Bone Marrow, Yum. - Prime Rib, good as ever. - Lamb Chops, fav of the night!. . All in all, I feel although some foods were great, the fact that there were "fast food" stations (which did not taste good) was a major turn off. Even the old "sliders" they had would have been better. Those were delicious.
What a let down. Bellagio buffet, SuperBowl Weekend, I thought they'd come with their best. They didn't! $80 something for me and my wife on Friday at 4pm. We heard about the long lines so we went early. Instead no line and went right in for the crab. I've had better crab at the Reno buffets... Oh slam! Crab was salty and not worth the price. Best part wasn't the prime rib or kobe beef or pasta for me it was the Taco station and that pretty much sums it up.. . All hail Caesar cause that was a far better Buffet last time I went. Chocolate strawberries were the best part of the dessert selection but come on you can get those mailed to you and they're still good.. . You've been warned save your money. 2 stars, only cause the food was edible but wasn't even close to Caesar's.
Having been here about 10 years ago I remembered how wonderful it was so I had high hopes for our return visit.  This time however I am gluten free so the waitress went and got the chef and he literally walked me around the buffet and explained what I could eat and what I should avoid.  THAT was the best part of the buffet and I am VERY grateful for that.  The food was a letdown.  I've had better buffets at home for less than half the cost.  We went on Super Bowl Sunday and the game had just started so the dining room wasn't busy at all, which was great.  We did enjoy some of the food but overall, we both felt it was just a generic buffet.  I certainly didn't think it was worth the cost and we wouldn't go back.
If I'm going to pay $38+ for a buffet, I am expecting to have the best buffet experience of my life. Maybe I was expecting too much because this place was a massive letdown.. . The spread was impressive in that there was a LOT of food available. The problem we found, is that nothing was that great. Nothing I tried was really bad either, it just wasn't worth filling up on when there were other options. We kept trying things, then moving on hoping to find something better but we never actually got satisfied. . . Specifically, the sushi rolls were below-average and the roast beef was just kinda 'meh". I was also surprised at how disappointing the Prime Rib was after reading about it online. Like everything else, not bad just not great.. . Dessert on the other hand was another story. There's a nice assortment of desserts, so we spent the calories saved on our disappointing dinner on sweets.. . If this buffet wasn't $40 I probably wouldn't be ripping it this much. However, If I'm gonna spend a lot of money and a lot of calories, it better be worth every bite. This was basically a glorified Old Country Buffet to us.. . FYI we were here for Dinner--perhaps brunch would have been better.
Had dinner here and nothing really special compared to Louisiana buffets.  King crab and snow crab are on the menu but they are served cold and almost frozen.  Louisiana casino buffets actually steam their crabs which I believe taste better.  Everything else on the buffet was just nasty or below standards in taste.  If it wasn't for the crabs, I'd give this place a 1 star.. . Seems like all Vegas buffets suffer from the same disease, they are large in square footage but small in selections and high in price.  They are built for flash.
My girlfriend and I went for dinner late tonight--around 8:45 pm. Paid for weekday dinner (about $32). I was really excited to come here...online reviews spoke highly of the food. But to be honest, I wasn't really impressed. I've been to better Vegas buffets. The food was just average, nothing to write home about (except the bread pudding...I wish I had room to eat the whole dish LOL). . . The biggest turnoff...the food didn't sit well with either of us. Both of us had stomachaches (and not from eating too much) and were running to the restroom when we got back to our hotel room. . . Best bet: steer clear of this buffet and try another. Mediocre food and upset stomach.
As with most of the Vegas restaurants these days, it's all about quantity. Quality comes in third, behind volume and aesthetic.  The Bellagio has the prettiest mediocre food that I've ever eaten...but it's completely unsatisfying.  . . Our dinner mate who urged us to eat at the Bellagio thanks to a Travel Channel review was absolutely crestfallen when he took his first bite of the Kobe beef.  "I don't think they massaged this cow enough," he remarked after chewing the tough meat.  I agreed.  That set the tone for the buffet.. . As I was trying to decide on salad selections, the server at the station praised the Thai salad, and declared it her favorite.  I have no idea why it was considered Thai-there was almost no flavor, let alone spiciness that I usually associate withThai food.  The king crab legs were served halved lengthwise and ice cold.  The drawn butter?  I doubt that was butter.  More like a golden hued oil.  Yuck.  Turkey?  Dry.  Everything I ate was completely lacking in flavor.  Seriously, had I been blindfolded, I could not have identified a single item.  . . The service was great for a buffet.  We had the unlimited champagne/Bellini/mimosa which was a great deal at $8 per person, but cheap/free booze isn't hard to find in Vegas.  . . I'm not a buffet person anyway, but this just cemented it for me.  Off the menu, from now on.
Overpriced and overrated buffet! The sushi section is 10x  worst than Todai which isn't that good to begin with. The only thing worth eating is the sea bass. The lamb chop has no taste and the pasta is like hospital food. I have been to this buffet many times and the quality is getting worse.
$40 per person. Lot of seats open but they make you wait in line for 45+minutes while seating VIPs. Selection is ok and some food are actually quiet good but everything is lukewarm at best.
My gf suggested we eat here because they have "better" food, which I suppose is implied by the higher price they charge for dinner. . . This is not the case. . . When you're in Vegas (or anywhere, really) you have to remember that a buffet is a buffet is a buffet. . . Sure, they've got Kobe (not really, we aren't in Japan) beef, lamb, sushi, Alaskan king crab legs, snow crab, flank steak, shrimp cocktail.... . ... but it all tastes like buffet quality food, which is a better way of saying they're mostly terrible. . . Do you know how difficult it must be to coordinate a meal big enough to feed hundreds, if not thousands, orpeople? Do you possibly think quality can be a factor in cooking these meals?. . Where is the satisfaction in getting a thick slice of Kobe beef if it's so tough your knife can't get through it?. . Like king crab legs? Then you'll hate them here, since they're all machine-cut, partially frozen, and it tastes like they've been sitting in a salt water bath for a week. . . I wouldn't even mess with the sushi. I'm very, very picky about my fish, and whatever they were serving here looked one step above the grocery store. . . Even the desserts were mediocre. . . If you want to eat well in Vegas, go look up a decent restaurant and drop the $70 you'd spend here there. This last (and I do mean LAST) buffet visit proved once and for all that no matter what they're serving or charging, nothing beats paying for freshly made food. It isn't worth cramming sub-par servings down your gullet just to justify the cost of what you paid to get in here. Unless you have no discerning tastes, or you're just a big fatty who loves to binge eat (hey, no judgment here... do your thing) then this just isn't the place to waste money in Vegas.
During my second trip to Vegas this past week, one of my first destinations was the Bellagio Buffet since I didn't have time to come here during my first trip (went to the Rio Village Seafood buffet instead).  I've heard great things about this buffet and even some felt that it was better than Rio, so I HAD to try it.  Long story short, its not all its cracked up to be in my opinion at least; in fact, I think its a bit overrated.. . My wife and I arrived here about 8:30 pm and there was still a line to get in.  The wait was extremely long and many times the line wouldn't even move for 5 minutes or more.  The process of checking customers in was extremely inefficient and slow.  After standing in line for over a half hour we were FINALLY seated.  The price with tax was close to $70 for both of us.. . After being seated were were greeted by a very helpful waiter who took our drink orders.  The table itself was nice, fitted with a nice white table cloth and our silverware was gold in color.  Overall the look of the restaurant was nice and much different from the buffets at the Luxor or Excalibur. . . However after getting food, I could not really tell any difference between the food here and at less expensive buffets such as Luxor; they tasted nearly exactly the same.  Also Bellagio served many of the same foods as Luxor and other than crab legs (which Luxor also had), and mussels, there wasn't really much in terms of seafood.  The California rolls were stale tasting and I could barely get them down.  The selection of the food was no where close to what was advertised on internet websites and I was a bit disappointed.  I am glad however that I decided to go to Rio instead of here on my first trip to Vegas last year.   This trip to Vegas was going to be an either/or between Bellagio and Rio, but after being disappointed with Bellagio, I decided to go BACK to Rio during my last night in Vegas.  Rio is more expensive than Bellagio, but the food is so much better and there is a greater variety.. . While the waiter service was superb, to me the food just didn't measure up to the asking price.  As a result, this will mark my first and only visit to the Bellagio Buffet.   If you don't mind not being in an upscale environment and not having gold eating utensils,  you can get the same type of food at other buffets and not have to spend as much.. . I still think the Rio Village seafood buffet is the best buffet I've been to in Vegas, and despite all the raves about Bellagio, I don't think it even comes close to Rio.
I sampled a number of dishes including shrimp cocktail, a spinach salad with goat cheese, skirt steak, Chinese broccoli, sweet potato mash, a bbq rib, and 3 desserts.  Everything was fresh looking, but each dish seemed to be aimed at not offending rather than titillating one's taste buds.. . A rating of 2.5 would be appropriate.
2 stars for good eggs and bacon. Except that I paid $30 for eggs and bacon. Semi rude employees that don't speak English. Quinoa salad and all other salads were either stale, dry or simply inedible. Everyone at the table spit out and left their salads untouched. Very few options. The chinese station only offered rice and shrimp dumplings that tasted old and dry and we could not eat more than a bite. The pizza was greasy and lacked any flavor. On par with any fast food pizza.  My friend said the sushi tasted like grocery store sushi (dry chewy rice, cheap seaweed, fishy and minimal fish). So at this point pretty much ALL the food was disgusting so we all decided to eat eggs and bacon at 1pm. They were very good. But I could have gotten good eggs and bacon at any other restaurant for $16. The desserts were bitter and dry. This place SUCKS
read the reviews wanted to try it out. it was not worth the $40+ i pay for dinner.. I went during the specials on friday. it was nothing special at all. only thing i like was the king crab legs. everything else was less than average.. i pay less for buffets with more seafood selections and tasty deserts.. . it does have a lot of option but not worth to try. the staff on the other hand was great.
Bellagio Buffet used to be the cream of the crop and I haven't eaten here in a number of years.  This past week, we went back and my perception of the buffet has been smashed. We went on a Tuesday for lunch and there was a pretty long wait which was a good sign.  We got to the front, paid the 22 dollars and got quickly seated.  Server promptly took our order and we were off to the races.. . The carver stations had st. louis ribs and flank steak which were both pretty good.  And those were the only two redeeming dishes at the buffet.  We tried the spicy tuna handroll and it was packed with red pepper flakes which didn't go over so well.  The selection was really lacking (in comparison to the new buffets on the block like Wicked Spoon and Caesar's).  For sushi, there was only the tuna handrolls, a veggie roll and a california roll.  The asian food section had 1 shu mai, some rice porridge, fried rice and chinese veggies.  . . The last time I was here, Bellagio was the best.  But that was in 2003 and I don't think they've upped their game since then while other places have gotten bigger, better and cleaner.  Sad to say, I don't think I'll come back here.  As the great poet Ice Cube once said, "You used to be the Don Juan, but now your name is just Toine".
I echo Anthony's comments and think Bellagio has lost the food quality war to the Wynn Buffet and the new upstart Bacchanal.  Had dinner there 3 weeks ago and the food & service were no longer the same... for instance, the prime rib carver was rude and impatient, and gave me the 'whatevah' look when I requested "medium well".  But most disappointingly, all the crab legs (snow and Alaskan King) were VERY SALTY.  Even the desserts, although looking good, were subpar (unless you like warm cheesecake).. . The prime rib was the least bad... 3 stars.  . . Next time I'll bring my wallet & stomach to the Bacchanal.
Well came here for a comped lunch buffet and can't really say there was anything special about the food. Had a pretty good variety but nothing overly tasty. One server actually quit when the guy in front of me tried to get another slice of steak. I wouldn't pay to eat here that's for sure.
Honestly this buffet is just okay. I think the only thing I would eat here is the king crab legs! They were actually really good but the sushi here was terrible, the Chinese food was decent and then pasta want so good and the tacos were whatever! The already made salad looked appetizing but it was disappointing. Actually everything LOOKED appetizing, but it reallywasn't. . . I'm sure the reason why the king crab legs were good was because they didn't have to cook it or add anything to it, so it was naturally good...but for the rest of the dishes they were disappointing. . . I wouldn't want to spend my money here, the food was seriously whatever, nothing special.
There is nothing special about this place. The line was super long which was of course what we had expected for lunchtime. I usually eat like a boar who has not been fed for days when I am at a buffet but this time I did not. I only ate three plates! It's not that I did not enjoy the food, the food selection was not much really. I like meat and they did not have much meat. Also, the dessert section was pretty big - YES they looked really good and I couldn't wait to try their desserts but they just did not live up to my expectations. The only dessert that I liked was the cheesecake, but everything else just looked good in my eyes in the beginning, but the taste was not quite there.
Mediocre Buffet.
Food good but not as good as Wicked Spoon of Wynn's buffet.. Service was not good.. Restrooms were terrible!!!
The food was okay, but not spectacular. They charge a set price for kids and adults both, so we had to pay $50 a pop for our 4 year old, 6 year old, and 8 year old. They stopped making sushi around 8, which sucked. Our server was also extremely rude and impatient, which made our subpar dinner tense and uncomfortable. All in all, wouldn't come back, but food was okay.
This is definitely not a 4-star worthy buffet. Before I went here for dinner, my understanding was that even though it's an older buffet (when you compare it to Wicked Spoon, Bacchanal Buffet, etc), but the food is still very good. That is completely not true, not only it's an old buffet, the food is no where near the standards of some the new buffets at all.. . We went on a Monday evening at about 5 PM, there was a 90 minute wait. By now, I am used to waiting for buffets, so it was not a big deal. Dinner was $32.99 on weekday nights as of August of 2013, it is on par with the other nicer buffets on the strip. Food offered in very limited variety, the Asian station was a joke. I've seen much better food at some of the cheaper buffets. Overall, unless you are staying at the hotel and want a quick bite when there is no line, I don't see any reason why anyone would come here. I will certainly not come back. If you are looking for a nice buffet, I would go to Wicked Spoon, Bacchanal or the Wynn. If you are looking for a more budget conscious buffet, I would recommend going to the Palm.
This place is crowded with a long wait to get seated.  This would be ok if the food was worthwhile.  It isn't.  The food is bland and generally poorly prepared.  The number of choices isn't that great and worst of all everything I had was lukewarm at best.  The only reason I gave 2 stars is because we had an attentive server.  . . Here's a couple of examples.  The crab legs are served cold unless you carry them yourself to the fish bar to have them steamed.  Guaranteed to make them watery and tasteless!  I think the drawn butter is the stuff you put on movie theater popcorn.  There was some sausage that was cooked to a nice medium rare.  Sorry, I didn't find out how that tasted.  I like Israeli style couscous (the big kind).  It really should be cooked so it isn't like a Grape Nut though.  . . They do have some good bread and the $10 Stella Artois was tasty.. . Go here only if you want to pay $35+ a head for basically Golden Corral level food.  I'm honestly flabbergasted with the people who gave it good reviews.
Went there on a Saturday night...paid $168.00 for 4 people. What a waste of money!! Waited in line for an hour. The Kobe beef tasted like shoe leather, snow crab legs were frozen, wonton soup tasted bad, Chinese ribs were super fatty and tasteless, flan tasted like flem, bread was hard, pizza was gross, didn't like any desserts. I thought Vegas buffets were good and cheap..boy was I wrong!!!!
Maybe it is that we visited on our third day, after having visited Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon... We kept exchanging 'What happened to this place?' glances during whole dinner. We - hubby, brother & yours truly - used to think that The Buffet was the BOMB but last visit left us wondering why we should ever come back.. . Just few examples - . * Salty icy king crab legs: totally not edible. * Prime rib with serious lack of flavor: I don't mean put a ton of salt, no. I mean just adequate seasoning to bring out the natural flavor. * Subpar sushi/ sashimi. * Dessert that are pretty to look at but totally deficient in bright fresh flavor or delight to a perfect end of a meal. . Why not create a competitive edge with low glycemic dessert selection with stevia (not the Truvia junk... Use Stevia in The Raw) or organic blue agave syrup (Costco carries them), for example? Or how about artisanal ice cream/ sorbet that packs some awesome flavor?. . Really, for the money and time (which equals to money) that we spent and for comparative selections out there... Hmmm. . . 1 star for ambiance - locational advantage of being at Bellagio. 1 star for service - we got our drinks & silverwares and reasonably efficient removal of used plates
Usually not a big fan of buffets but I make it a point to visit one per Vegas visit to see how it compares.. . To begin with: The price under the week for Dinner is 35$ incl tax and then I tip 5$ for the server. So 40$ in total.. . Then I see the lineup. This doesn't concern me because I am MLife Noir so I just walk up and get my table but seriously I would never wait in such a long line, especially not for the type of food at a buffet. But to each his/her own.. . The server was nice and then after ordering something to drink I took a little walk around to see what is being offered (always do that and get a picture first before filling your plate and stuff yourself with things you regret later). I mean seriously: You pay 40$ for a buffet, why would you fill yourself up with pizza?. . The meat section usually has the best value at a buffet, they had prime rib which was pretty good but not astonishing, Rotisserie Chicken and Turkey as well as 'Kobe Beef'. Now let's stop right there. To actually say this is Kobe Beef is an insult to peoples intelligence. Nothing of that had anything to do with premium Kobe Beef. Maybe Kobe, Idaho. It was bad to the point of me wondering if they got this at a Costco. Anyway.... . So after looking around I stuck to the prime rib, some salad, seafood (the crab legs were pretty good I have to say) and shrimp. I was disappointed by the hot seafood section as there was really nothing special there.. . The desserts were good quality even though not wide in variety but the lemon meringue as well as the carrot cake were delicious.. . The environment: It's Vegas so expect the usual. Yet there were not as many tables like at some other buffets so you can carry your plates without bumping into people every left and right.. . For the impression it was good, in the end I had an ok dinner. Was it worth 40$. maybe not but once again it's Vegas so why regret? But if you are at the Bellagio better spend the 40$ on an Appetizer and a Drink at Olives.. . Buffet wise I had much much better experiences including at lower graded hotels like the Paris.. . Enjoy!. -s
I always used La Village at Paris when I'm in Vegas. But after few peoples' recommendations I decided I have to try Bellagio's. It was total disappointment. . Don't get me wrong. Food was not bad. It was fine. Same baked potato I can bake at home, same over-baked salmon I can over-bake at home. Some deserts were really nice. But here is my problem. We have it all in local LA buffets (like Hokaido) for half price on daily basis (including seafood). At Paris you at least have the nice settings of sort of French village. While Belagio buffet is just a huge eatery. . So again food is OK. Overall food/price/place - never again
Maybe it is that we visited on our third day, after having visited Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon... We kept exchanging 'What happened to this place?' glances during whole dinner. We - hubby, brother & yours truly - used to think that The Buffet was the BOMB but last visit left us wondering why we should ever come back.. . Just few examples - . * Salty icy king crab legs: totally not edible. * Prime rib with serious lack of flavor: I don't mean put a ton of salt, no. I mean just adequate seasoning to bring out the natural flavor. * Subpar sushi/ sashimi. * Dessert that are pretty to look at but totally deficient in bright fresh flavor or delight to a perfect end of a meal. . Why not create a competitive edge with low glycemic dessert selection with stevia (not the Truvia junk... Use Stevia in The Raw) or organic blue agave syrup (Costco carries them), for example? Or how about artisanal ice cream/ sorbet that packs some awesome flavor?. . Really, for the money and time (which equals to money) that we spent and for comparative selections out there... Hmmm. . . 1 star for ambiance - locational advantage of being at Bellagio. 1 star for service - we got our drinks & silverwares and reasonably efficient removal of used plates
Me and my friends were looking for a good buffet to eat at while we working at a convention this past week. We heard the Bellagio was great! So we were set to go there. We had an early day off so we got there at about 5pm to grab an early dinner. . . We got there and grabbed our first dish, we all got the seafood (sushi, sea bass, and crab legs) we were pretty please. Than we decided to try other things. So we got meats and other things. My ribs were cold, dry, and old. Than, my friends got the prime  steak and it was old as cold as well! Than my other friend got a piece of the wild boar and it was ALL fat. It was super disappointing after a long day at work. Granted maybe because we to an early dinner? But it was just awful. The best part was the dessert, but it still didn't make up for the lack of cold dry food. I wouldn't recommend to come here.
Came here kinda late (9:00pm) waited in line for almost an hour.  There was still a lot of people behind us in line.  Food was good, not exceptional.  But for $45/person, including kids, they should not have taken the food away around 10:00, those poor people behind us in line probably didn't get much food to eat!  Wicked Spoon, Wynn's and others are better, for less!
The food is pretty good here, but the buffet is overpriced. However, the price is expected since this is Vegas. What really bothered me is the horrid service.. . The waitress sat my party down and asked us what drinks we wanted. I asked for a soy milk and she rolled her eyes. I let that slide since it didn't really bother me. However, she then said with an annoyed tone "are you serious?" This really annoyed me cause I felt like she was judging me. She brought the drinks while I was getting food and told my friend that somebody had to go out of their way to get the soy milk. It doesn't matter if they have to go out of their way to get it because they are PAID to do their job and I also PAID for my meal.. . Throughout the meal we also never got any refills unless we asked for it and at some point, nobody even cleaned up our plates. It really felt like we did not have a waitress at all.. . This has got to be the worst experience I have ever had at any buffet. The food may have been good, but the service was just that much worse.
Way overpriced for the selection of food you get, not worth waiting in line for.  The night we were there there was alimited amount of dessert choices.  The the stuff that wasn't cooked , tuna poke,  tuna sushi,  and the ceviche  were excellent,  but the cooked entrees were average at best.  We found that there are a bunch of inexpensive restuarants that serve awesome food when you get away from the Strip. So my advice is to save your money, and go to some place like Da Lat were you can get a lot of awesome food for a reasonable price.
While impressive in scale and presentation (yes, that's one large room of food), the quality of the dishes was fairly average.. . From a pretty poor imitation of dim sum dishes to soggy pizza and supbar sushi, I couldn't really bring myself to eat plate after plate like all of the other starry eyed guests.. . But I will say that the breakfast stations were BANGIN'. Red velvet waffles with honey vanilla whipped cream cheese and some ridiculously tasty eggs benedict redeemed the buffet for me.. . But that's not all. The desserts were just beautiful - and some tasted as exquisite as they looked. The cheesecake and carrot cake were two classic favorites along with some gorgeous strawberry tartlets. Other desserts were lovely but nearly flavorless. . . Overall I probably wouldn't return, just because I'm not particularly enticed by buffets and the price tag is high for an all-you-can-eat meal where I only end up with one plate.
So Disappointed. Don't know what happen but the quality of food has gone down dramatically!  Hate to say it but this is the last time I'm eating here. It used to be one of my fave buffet and it doesn't even deserve the 2 stars for the price of $42.99
This was my first buffet I've been since being away from Vegas for years. And this wasn't my best decision. . . My boys and I were wanted to grab a meal at a buffet before our night out in the city of sin.  Apparently, this was the closest one and had a short line. Once we got to cashier, I was in shock to hear how much an individual had to pay for buffet dinner. For the price for an individual had to pay, we could've got the 24 hour buffet pass. More buffets to visit at different hotels.. . Once we paid, we waited a couple minutes for our table.  After our table was ready and then seated, our server took our drink orders. When everything was settled at the table, we were off to explore the buffet's offerings.. . The selections were very limited since some stations were left unreplenished. With what was available, I had to make my $47 dinner worth it. I went for the grilled meats: kobe beef & prime rib, short rib tacos, assortments of sushi & sashimi, and beef Wellington. For dessert, I got mini churros and vending machine ice cream.. . The pros:. - Short rib tacos. - Shasimi & sushi. . The cons:. - Grilled meats were very dry, also the beef Wellington. - Mini churros were hard and stale. - Ice cream from the vending machine taste like any other buffet place back home. . Our server was helpful but got all our drink orders wrong. I left full, dissaponinted, and unsatisfied.
I had a wonderful experience here in the early 2000s and was hoping to repeat it. I should've just let it be a good memory.....In short, food is decent, service is sub-par.  . . We arrive around 1:30 PM on a Tuesday, not a busy time at all. There were 7 in our party, not a small party, but by no mean a large one either. we waited 15 minutes while they prepared our table in a half full dining room. When the table was finally ready, instead of being led to our table, we felt like a herd of cows being rushed to the slaughter house. When we reached our table, a waitress was upset that my mom's wheelchair was on the new carpet and instructed us quite loudly and rudely to leave the wheelchair at the corner. . . When getting food at the carving station, instead of putting the food at the empty spot on my plate, the chef just pile it on other food items...sigh....This is something I expect in a Chinese buffet, not at the Buffet at Bellagio.. . During the meal, the waitress instructed us (loudly) to pass empty plates to the end of the table so that she can collect them......Oh! the food!, well it is decent and edible, but nothing to write home about. The only bright spot of the meal was one of the waitresses, who was very friendly and was joking with us the entire time. . . Overall, I find the employees here lacking basic manners and training, definitely not the level of service I expect at Bellagio.
This one works out to a 2.5 actually, my husband giving it 3 and I a 2. The food was mediocre, selection limited and the desert seemed to cut corners (semi-sweet chocolate on strawberries?). My husband says the food was "A-ok," although he thinks (and I am inclined to agree) that may be because he eats meat and I do not. He reports that the glazed ham and prime rib were quite good. The ambiance, we both agree, was nice, but given the mixed performance on the food our experience did not live up to the Bellagio reputation - the reason we rounded down, not up, from the 2.5 median score.
It just a BUFFET that is all I have to say about it it!. Actually they have way too much food but when you pay $30+ dollars they feel that they must overdo the amounts on feature.. I did not find anything to be outstanding in any way.. Would I go back......probably not but they already have my bucks!
Back in the day this used to be THE buffet to go to. I was excited to try it again  but was very disappointed. I enjoyed eating the raw rish, but some of the other food didn't taste very fresh. The meat options were also tough and overcooked. The caviar bar was underwhelming and they limit you to 3 small servings per each visit to the area. As vegas buffets go, for the price I'd much rather spend my time eating at wicked spoon or bacchanal.
Came here around 12:30pm Food was good but not great. . Favorites were the pastas. The meats were ok. Flank steak had minimal flavor. Mashed potatoes with gravy were average. Ribs required effort to try to get the meat off the bone. Desserts were ok. Overall would not come here again. Aria buffet was better.
Alright, so I paid a good $40 dollars (including tip) of my hard earned money to eat here cause I've heard so much about it. My parents told me I needed to go because the food and selections are just incredible. After the longest half-hour of my life waiting in line, and apparently that's a shorter wait. It was after 7pm so thankfully most the tourists already ate.. . The selections are alright, I've seen better. The taste wasn't that great. I was extremely disappointed with that! I've been to a better buffet down in Vegas, and that's at Rio.. . Although, I'llgive it to my waiter, and cooks behind the food - they were very, very friendly.. Oh, but here's a negative. I'm not even sure if it's the only bathroom in there, it would be ridiculous if there was. But I believe I remember only 3 STALLS IN THE BATHROOM!? You're kidding rght????. . No, I would never come here again. People create such a hype for no reason at all.
I had high expectations for Bellagio's buffet. We had stayed at the MGM 6 times previously. We decided to stay at the Belaggio  this time. EVERYTHING is better at the Bellagio.except the buffet....I am a foodie and went to the MGM buffet more than 10 times. It has TONS of choices and actually wasn't bad...I was expecting much better from Bellaggio based on reading reviews... SO disappointed. If you like fewer choices and shoe leather than this is your place. Otherwise, I swear, with the exception of the salads, the sweet potatoes and the marinated cucumbers at the sushi bar, EVERYTHING else got thrown out on my plate. I kept trying things since I figured SOMETHING must be good here.  Here is what I tried : chow mein. It was all right. Crab legs: Over cooked and way too salty and gristly. mashed potatoes: Not bad. Sweet potatoes : AWESOME. Sushi: Rice was horrible, shrimp tempura was OLD and way too salty. Char sui: BLAND , tasteless and I spit it out. Salads: Fresh and very good. Cous cous: too salty and blah. Shrimp cocktail: Hard to screw up defrosting shrimp so ,not bad. Roast: Overcooked and tasteless.cucumbersalad at sushi bar: Tasty but OLD.Beef bourguignon: carrots undercooked, and HEAVY oregano taste. Yuck. Smoked trout: Good. Salmon: Absolutely tasteless.....! Manicotti: NO flavor... bland pasty with NO flavor in tomato sauce.... again I threw it all out. I tried teh butternut squash with cinnamon: It tasted like someone microwaved it and didn't even finish the job: TASTELESS and undercooked... anyway, on top of all of this, the smoke from the Casino,  gets sucked into the entire buffet area. I have asthma so this was awful. I asked the manager how it could smell like smoke. She explained the place acted like a vacuum. It pulled all the smoke into the buffet... OMG.. anyway, the line was also 30 minutes. We will NEVER go back. I asked for a refund from my hotel it was so bad. I have never done that before. My husband is sick and laying next to me  because of the food. guess it was good I barely ate. Plus it was more expensive than MGM. My advice: If you want a decent buffet, go to the MGM.
Extremely overpriced for what you get. You end up paying nearly $50 if you get bottomless mimosas. That really isn't as great as it sounds. I'm sure their dinner is better. But their lunch selection is not all that special. Maybe it's because they serve a lot of breakfast foods, and I'm not a huge fan of those types of food. Their banana hazelnut toast was interesting and fresh, but a huge portion to say the least. Their omelets were fresh and made to serve so you can customize it in which ever way you'd like. I'd say my favorite entree there would be the bleu cheese pasta. But that was about it. Their soups were boring, salmon was dry, and chicken skewers looked cool but were really just cold and tough. I just felt like it was a dressed up hometown buffet.. nothing special. I probably could've done more with that $50 out on the floor of the casino because I didn't have much of an appetite for their food.
A buffet of average. Everything is okay, nothing is bad, but for bellagio you'd expect a little more. It's not expensive relative to other buffets but it's not cheap either. They seem to have concededto being average, and they shouldn't have.
Been to this Brunch buffet about six years ago and must have had a great experience as it still stuck in my memory. . Went two days before Christmas 2013 and found the dinner price at $48 per person.  Not cheap. While King Crab Legs in theory sound fantastic, what was offered was inedible.  Half of it was still frozen.  The thawed out pieces must have been thawed once before then absorbed too much water then got refrozen as they were saturated in liquid making them rubbery and bland.  . Kobe beef should be fork tender, but my knife was unable to cut trough. Overall, low quality  ingredients and amateur execution.  Highlights were the pork ribs, the marinated tuna sashimi and the creme brulee on the desert table. . Rather disappointing!
$48 for holiday dinner pricing. This was my second time at this buffet and I remembered the first time being so much better. This time the food was really dry, bland, and the steak was really hard. I'm not really sure why people wait in line for this place. If it wasn't for a buffet line pass that I had I don't think I would ever come here. . . It is also very crowded at certain parts and I think during this experience I saw at least 4 people dropping their plates on the floor. . . Where were those strawberries?
We hear about the buffet at Bellagio so I made decision to try it even my husband and I don't like to eat buffet. We spent almost $90 for both for brunch today Christmas Day. The food not good, the sushi area only 3 kinds, the shrimp cocktail does not fresh, dry ham, Chinese  food only 3 different kind, dessert okay but the cheese cake salty . Will never come back again, we rather go to the restaurant over at The Venetian the best service and the foods is excellent , grand Lux Cafe is the bomb. Bellagio please improve your buffet to get better and worth it for the $ people pay you. the hotel is beautiful but the buffet is really bad.
