Not worth your time. Boring-est club experience in Vegas. Also, the fupa flashes from drunk fatties were NOT okay.
This place is kind of like the place that people who can't get into XS go to...like the bottom of the barrel, which unfortunately included me and my friends.  We were not going to pay $20-$40 just to get in and $15/drink at XS.  Since I was traveling with guys and girls, we knew it would be hard, so we stuck with Tryst where we knew someone with a booth.  I had been here about a year ago, and the crowd was definitely different.  I liked it better then.  I was just disappointed this time.  . . Two stars for the following:. . 1) Ladies got two free drink tickets on Saturday night (worth $15 each).  Not bad.. . 2) Good service.  Even though we were using our drink tickets, the servers were still nice and made stiff drinks.. . Stars deducted for the following:. . 1) People still have to pay to get in...ughhhh (luckily, one of my friend's friends had a booth and had us come in for free). . 2) No guys whatsoever!! I don't know if it was the weekend we went or what, but the guy to girl ratio was like 1:5.  Totally disappointed.  . . 3) They repeated their music the WHOLE night.   I heard at least 8 songs repeated during the 3-4 hours I was there.  No bueno.  . . 4)  The dance floor was super small and the girls were super pushy.  . . 5)  There's a stripper pole on one side of the club where a lot of drunk girls hung out.  There was one guy who came and actually did a good job on it.  Just as he was climbing the pole forhis grand finale, he got pulled down by the bouncer.  Lame!!  He was just entertaining us!
I believe Tryst was one of my first Vegas club experiences (back when I was 21).  The security guard who checked our ID knew how to piss me off.  Being my first time EVER, I was asked 20 questions b/c he didn't think it was me on my ID.  After that whole debacle, I was finally let in w/ my friends.  . . The club was very tiny & there weren't that many people inside.  The only thing that actually drew to my attention was the waterfall.  We had a table, but it was whatever b/c there were hardly any people in the club (or so it felt like).   Staff inside the club is friendly.. . Highlight of my night:  had to be when I was walking to/from the restroom, I ran into my boss (at the time).  Made the rest of my night uncomfortable & awkward.. . Haven't gone back since.  There are far too many other clubs I'd rather wait in line to go to.
So I came here after not coming here for years and it did not bring back fond memories. The music is horrible now. What used to be hip-hop heavy top 40 turned into a fist pumping extravaganza. I think I also had a 9 dollar beer, which is never fun. Its gets stars for its line efficiency. Mike took care of us immediately which was nice because the line was pretty scary. wont come back, my assumption is all the fun went to Surrender or XS next door.
Trysts is the smallest of the three clubs between the Encore and the Wynn. Of course I had to stand in line for no reason because I was with a group of guys. The line was about 40 minutes and the bouncers working the line are particularly rude for some reason, even when they ask for your ID. The 50 dollar cover threw me off a little but I went ahead and bit the bullet. The inside of the club is very nicely decorated. The music was all techno/house. If anyone tells you different it is a lie. Now for the minus'; the club get's way too crowded (almost to dangerous levels). The staff does not help the situation at all. If you are not lucky enough to get a table then there is no place for you to stand and enjoy your drink. Every time we would stop to talk there was a bouncer telling us to move along. So the club is really geared to the people with tables. The well drinks are pretty good but expensive (as is everything in LV). A Rum and Coke was $14.  If you were on the dance floor you used to have a great view of the waterfall while dancing; now they put the dj booth and a couple of display boards up, blocking the view. Tryst is a good place if you can get (afford) a table. On a previous trip I bought a table. If not, it is not even a good people watching bar because it is too crowded.
The waterfall is gorgeous, the dancers are hot, but the crowd leaves much to be desired.
This place is another Vegas night club that is living off its reputation. . . First, the dance floor is way too crowded for any real dancing.  I could barely move without bumping into other people.  Second, my girlfriend and I waited in line way too long while some average looking girls at best cut to the front of the line.  If you are looking for a place to dance and have a few drinks without a bunch of hassles don't come here.
Not enough Asians.. . Okay, seriously though, deducting one star because of the lame cashier up in front.. . It was Friday night and due to major traffic, my friends and I didn't get to Vegas until 1:00 am and didn't even have time to go to our room and change... we changed IN THE PARKING STRUCTURE for goodness sakes, and did our makeup in the car, while stuck in traffic.. . We arrived at the cashier around 1:35 am and even though we were all on guest list, we still had to pay $20, because guest list closed at 1:30 am.  The cashier couldn't give us a break and just let us in, even though we had 3 girls and 1 guy.  We all paid and then I got a text from my friend who was already inside celebrating his birthday, that he already left and was at the entrance.  I quickly turned around to the cashier, told her the news, and asked if we could get a refund 'cause we were going to leave.  Again, could not give us a break and said there was nothing she could do.  She would have to call the manager and the manager had already left.  Uh, ok, whatever.. . Thankfully, birthday boy was just drunk and didn't mean it when he said he left the club; he meant he was going to leave the club, so we found him rather quickly since we were already at the entrance.. . I don't remember much about the venue, ambiance, and decor other than there was a huge waterfall displayed behind the DJ and go-go dancers (I feel like no one here has ever seen a waterfall before... I definitely recommend visiting Niagara Falls).  The venue wasn't that big, and the crowd wasn't that great looking either.  Everything was just really mediocre, including the music.. . Would I go back?  Probably not.
So you walk into Tryst and you see that huge, beautiful waterfall and think WOW! . . And then you realize the place is so packed you can't move, breathe, drink or dance without risking life and limb. . . Boo, Tryst. It's okay to stop letting people in at some point, you know.
If it's not one thing, it's something else. . . Went there on a Saturday on my first visit. My friend and I were separated and I didn't want to leave without her. She was talking to a bouncer who asked to talk to a bouncer near me so they could help us coordinate and meet up. Well the bouncer next to me a jerk and wouldn't talk on my phone to help. Finally another bouncer saw us getting into an argument and helped me out. So for the most part, still a fun night. But unusually mean bouncer man, you need to get fired. He's shorter than most girls and does nothing but look mean all night. Power trip? I think yes. . . Second time I go there is on a Friday night. Granted we got free drinks. No one was under the age of 35. Nothing's wrong with that, just not my crowd. Not a lot of dancing, more drinking. The evil bouncer was there again, looking just as miserable as he did the last time I was there. . . One plus side was, they had really good music playing both nights. If you just want to kick it, maybe this place is for you. But if you want the wild and crazy Vegas night, XS or Marquee would probably be better.
I would go early and leave early it becomes very crowded but worth a view and then out.  This place was literally a fire hazard.  If there is a line or cover don't bother.  Go back over to the larger clubs at the Encore like Surrender.
From the way I saw it, if you want to have fun at Tryst, you had best be poppin' bottles. Otherwise, get used to hearing the phrases "you can't stand here" and "keep it moving," because there is about an inch of space for every five people who aren't getting bottle service, and seemingly no where you are allowed to actually stand. The music was all boom-chicka boom-chicka with no lyrics or anything familiar. I know some people dig that but I like more variety. The main bar was pretty small and hella packed, and located inconveniently in one of the main aisles that you weren't supposed to stand around. Do most people just get frustrated and succumb to bottle service in defeat? And finally, was it just me or was it kind of icky-smelling in there? . . I could have stuck around to find the answers to these questions and more but in all honestly I wasn't really feeling well that night, anyway. I gladly sacrificed my night at Tryst for some quality time with my pillow. And you best be believin' I made up for lost time the following night.
the waterfall behind the dj is the only amazing thing about this place. It's filled with 40 yr olds, and they play top 40 songs mixed with random hip-hop music. Makes me feel like im at an 18+ club with creepers all over again...even the go-go dancers don't seem to enjoy it
I'm not a real fan of this club. First of all, most of the hosts are douche-bags.  Second, the layout of the club sucks and most of the crowd is kind of ghetto for what you'd expect out of the Wynn hotel.  The indoor/outdoor dancefloor lounge area is nice as is the table by the waterfall, but it does get a bit isolated. . . For such a nice space, they seem to have too many people in there that break the dress code. I never felt the good party vibe like I would at a place like Lavo, which is way better.
First time coming to Tryst as my friend had her hook up to get us in. It was a Thursday night (Thanksgiving) around 11. There was no line to get in already so that wasn't a good sign to begin with =P We went in, got situated with some shots (rather cheap compared to the other high end clubs) and headed to the dance floor. There was no fancy DJ for the night, just a regular cat playing top 40's. The outdoor feel is cool with a little trickling waterfall in the background, but the crowd itself was out of whack. Everyone was looking to get into confrontation and shit and not have a good time. Personally, if you are going to just stand on the dance floor and not do anything, you shouldn't be on the mother fucken dance floor to begin with! The older (30-45) crowd here don't like us rowdy 25 year old's I suppose. I definitely won't be coming back.
First & last time. I'd rather spend my time at the other clubs (surrender & XS)  located in the same casino (Wynn & encore). . Bar: Immediately when me and my girlfriends walked in we went straight to business. The bar, although it wasn't packed we quickly found out why. The bar smelled like feet. It was just all gross, I didn't even want to breathe. But our promoter got us two rounds of comped drinks which made it easier to stay but once we got our drinks we dipped out to the dance floor. I went CES weekend and you would think this place would be packed but it wasn't. . Music: I went during CES week there were not head liners and I don't think they ever book any head liners. This club had a DJ that played top 40 and he was mediocre because his transitions sucked, I even heard him loop two songs with vocals overlapping each other. Not good bro . . People: Like I said I went CES weekend so the crowd was super mixed, just people who went to Vegas and found the first & walked into it kind of people. . . Customer Service: Other than the front door guy who comped us two rounds of free drinks this place was alright. The bouncers weren't as tense as the bouncers at surrender and xs which is also located in the same casinos Encore and Wynn.
Let me just say that ever since I attended the grand opening of XS in 2009, Tryst has been a thing of the past.  I recently came back here again for a friend's birthday during CES week (which equated to SUPER crowded, but with old geeks in suits).  . . The line extends all weird ways into the hotel public areas and lobby.  Someone actually has to keep people that are standing in line from blocking the hotel check-in entry way.. . The entrance reeks of puke.  The back bar smells like sewage.. . Conclusion:  XS is the best thing that has happened to the Wynn properties.
Maybe it's because my friends and I were there earlier in the night, the place was filled with an older crowd, and wasn't full. We came here to get a stamp to get into XS for free which turned out to be a bust, but that's alright. The music was what you get anywhere you go. A mix of top 40 and house. The drinks were watered down but I guess you can't really complain when they're free. . . The main reason for the low rating is because I could not get over the fact that the entire place smelled DISGUSTING! There is a problem when the bathroom of a place smells better than the actual place.
If you've been to XS, you'll most likely be unimpressed with it's smaller sister club, Tryst, on the other side of the Wynn/Encore complex.  The guestlist here is very hit and miss, and it is the only club in Vegas that I've never been able to get comped entry, and frankly a $30 cover (for guys) is way more than I want to pay to get into what is really a second-tier Vegas club.  . . This is a smaller, more cramped version of XS, with a similar layout that opened up to a small pool/pond that sit on the back side of the Wynn's strip-side waterfall.  The atmosphere here is a bit darker than at XS, and the location downstairs from the main casino floor makes you feel a bitmore secluded than most of the other clubs in town.  . . The music here is hit-and-miss, but I generally find that their resident DJs are uninspired, un-energetic, and spin the same top-40 garbage you've heard a million times already.  Tryst does host some big name DJ/producers, but frankly Tryst is too small to handle them.. . The big positive of Tryst is that the staff (security, waitresses, bartenders, etc) here are great, and probably the friendliest that I've come across.  It's all too common to be treated like you're an inconvenience, rather than a paying customer, at most Vegas clubs, but at Tryst you actually do feel like you're a guest and generally treated as such.. . The bottom line: if you don't care about the music, then Tryst is a perfectly suitable cheaper and less-crowded alternative to XS - if you're looking for house music and high end production from big name DJs, you'll be much happier at XS or Surrender.
Man, I just could not get into it here.. . It was a Thursday and XS, THE-club-to-be-in in Vegas, was not open that night. It was a coin-toss between XS's little sister club, Surrender, or the Wynn's Tryst next door...and in the end, Tryst's waterfall decor won us over. Yelp reviews spoke highly of this place, so we thought we were in for a good time.. . Got to the Wynn early, waited in line for about 15mins, cover was $30 for my boyfriend and $20 for me, and we were in by 10:30. I definitely recommend coming early because 1) you get first dibs at the bar, and 2) the line was craaaay when we left an hour later. First off, pictures just don't do this place justice. Dark, rouge, seedy, and sexy inside, but the pool and waterfall out back balance it out with a cool, open feel. It's definitely a good-looking club, but for me, that's as good as it gets. Between the 3-4 bars and booths galore (all reserved btw), it gets cramped as hell in here. Without bottle service, there is virtually no place to sit, kick off your pumps, and take a breather, so tough luck ladies. I would've dipped my aching feet into the pool, but it was surrounded by reserved tables - like some frickin red tape. My biggest gripe was the music, which was like 98% house and 2% remixes of songs from, like, 2 years ago (think Enrique Iglesias' "I Like It") .The beats were admittedly catchy, so it's good if you're into that type of thing. But for a Top 40s gal who finds it easier to get down to songs she can sing to, I quickly found myself bored and standing still in the middle of the floor. Surrounded by douchebags jumping around and Charlie-Browning the hell out of everything and bumping into everyone. And virtually NO alcohol in my $15 drink.. . Bigger buzz kill than Buzz McKillington.
This place was not good.  Definitely not the place to be scene.  Not a good looking crowd.
Tryst was not what I expected it to be. This club gets overcrowded and there is just no space to dance at all. I have experienced crowded clubs before, but this is by far the worst. I give it two stars because of the music and of course Lil' Jon knows how to get a party started. I know it's a Saturday but I choose Tao over this club. The restroom lines were super long and I just wasn't feeling it that night.
Wow!!!! There was nooooo room to walk from one side to the other...each step was a battle! Beautiful place though!!! Music wasn't bad but there should be a limit to how many ppl are allowed in. Bought a drink and someone knocked it over on the bar right when the bar tender gave it and she refused to refill it! Not cool :/
Beautiful club, great DJ's, awful management, always packed, no room to dance or move, expensive cover charge and drinks, I have been there twice, will not be going there again.
The club is too small for the amount of people they let in on a weekend. There was a DJ (some big black guy) who played as much TOP 40 and 90's Hip Hop as he possibly could. Some people love that bland stuff but I felt I was at an overcrowded wedding reception. I stayed for 2 drinks with my girl and we had had enough of trying to not step on each other's feet and everyone else's. Due to the space, I would never spent more than one hour in this club unless I had a table. I live in Las Vegas so the reason I came was because I was entertaining a lady from out of town so I thought I'd try Tryst out for the first time. The line was actually pretty long but I know some people and got in free so even taking that into the equation it still sucked. Perhaps with a bit more club music (House/Tech-House) and less people, it would be a totally different experience. I would ask who the DJ is that is pressing play on his MAC that night....if it's that big black guy and you really like Tupac and "This is how we do it" by Montell Jordan, go for it! You might have a blast like the other wedding receptions you've been to for your 30+ yr old pals :)
Eh, this club was okay. The crowd was kind of trashy that night we went. One girl was hella wasted and took her top off while she was dancing with a random dude. One drunk girl was having too much fun and was dancing with my group; started dancing with me and then grabbed my boobs and ran. Lol. But it was all in good fun. . . If I had known you could wear sandals and flats( saw a lot of girls wearing them that night), I would have just worn some comfy shoes instead of my painful heels. . . There were some creepy dudes as well. Some coming up to drunk girls and trying to take advantage and trying to hook up with them. I watched a sensible girl trying to pull her friend out of that situation, while I had a situation of my own fending off a drunk subpar-looking man getting all touchy with me. . . I mean, the club looks nice interior-wise, but I don't think I'll come back. The atmosphere here is not as nice as I thought it would be, and I paid the cover charge to get in here! I got in for free at XS which is a much better nightclub than this one.
Went to this place Saturday 1/25/2013 to celebrate a birthday, was on guest list so as a male only paid $20 which was not bad. My first impression of Tryst was this place wast beautiful! That trademark waterfall and private lagoon in the middle really stands out. . . Pros: . -I like the flow of the Club, it was a busy night and I still had room to walk around all premises and socialize. . -The bathrooms were kept super clean!. -The employees there, were not rude and.  actually nice. . -There is bars spread around for easy access.. . Cons: (And my reasons for 3 Stars). -First of all lets say I was not to fond of the Music. Same old TOP 40 garbage i can hear in LA for Free. That night it was a phillipino? Dj called DJ Five, he didnt suck but he's mediocre, his transitions sucked and was looping songs all crazy, no thanks bro. I gotta say coming from XS the night before, I was expecting some BADASS Club/House/EDM but no. It's mostly Hip-Hop "jams" some Kesha.  -___- and then Dj throws in.  some REGGETON! lol. Honestly it felt like I was at a wedding reception and not a nightclub in Vegas!! . -The Dance Floor is pretty small btw. . -An Older crowd!! . -Drinks are kinda pricier than usual. (2 Coronas $28!!!) . -Idk how much they enforce the Dress Code but saw people walking in with T-shirts, and girls with sandals and such? . . Final thought, this club would be good if your coming to chill and not party hard! Or if you HATE edm! This nightclub is very good looking but myself being a fan of EDM the thought of coming to a club in VEGAS to listen to old Hip-Hop and Kesha! is not my thing. This club has a lot of potential to be another Surrender if they would just bring in more EDM DJs!!!..then I'd be back. Other than that I think I'll pass! For a better production, lights, MUSIC hit up XS!!
Took my friends ID even though it was her.. Waited outside for hours for police to get it back. Get better bouncers.. . Edit: just found out they were so harsh because an underaged teen OD-ed just a few weeks back. Guess they get two stars for being so cautious, but still not high since they were wrong about my friend.
Its ok. Probably will NEVER go again though. Although the Venue is quite beautiful, especially the outside waterfall set up, the people in the club are mad douchebags. They are poppin' bottles, so they get a table and then they act like their sh*t don't stink. The bouncers push you around so you are not standing to close to their tables, but where do they expect you to go? Obviously the guys at the door do not know how to do their job because the place was so packed, we couldn't even stand around any longer, let alone dance. I don't get this club. The space is wayyyyy to small and they let in wayyyyy to many people. It was so upsetting! It was our last night in vegas and Tryst was a BUST. Go somewhere else unless you enjoy being pushed around or like standing up against a wall to avoid being ran over and stepped on all night.. . Only reason I even gave them 2 stars is because we were on a list so we didn't need to wait and the first hr, before the rush, was quite eventful.
I was excited to try this place out and maybe that was part of the problem with my rating. I had such high hopes for this club but it was just not a fun time at all. Starting from when we got there, the lines were all disorganized. We were on a guest list and were let through, only to be sent back up the stairs because they didn't give us the piece of paper saying entry was comped. We went back up, got our piece of paper and then entered the club. TALK ABOUT SMALL!!! This club is tiny compared to others I have been to in Vegas. The place was packed with people and there was no where to sit besides getting bottle service. I understand the club's need to make money but having somewhere to sit after being on the overcrowded dance floor would  be nice. There are so many better places to go in Vegas. I will NOT be coming back to Tryst.
Been at the front of the line with a couple guys and 3 old geezers in front of us and its been an hour and a half... we get inside the club and there is plenty of room and not crowded at all since it was a winter weekend. Cool waterfall though...
Smells like shit inside but great waterfall view
Didn't particularly want to go here, we were told we had guestlist for XS but we had to get the stamp for XS at Tryst... such a bait and switch, they will give you a stamp for XS but you have to spend an hour in Tryst first. . . Maybe last night was a just a bad night to go but I was very disappointed with Tryst. Especially compared to the rest of the Wynn, I felt like this place was below par. . First of all it is hot, and in July in Vegas you should not be stepping outside to cool down as its still about 100 degrees so I can't even imagine what temperature is was inside. Everyone is sweaty and sticky and it is really difficult to dance and relax when you feel so overheated. . . The music was ok, the crowd was very mixed, they didn't seem to have any sort of dress code at all. . The view of the waterfall is really cool, and the bar staff were nice (security at the door were pretty uptight, making us line up when there was no need at all) but that's about all I can say.
Came here over the weekend, located at the Wynn. It is a beautiful location, however it is small. Lil Jon was the main DJ that night, and girls were getting in for less than $5 or free! Cheap to get in yes but this place is no fun if you dont have bottle service. Got super crowded just after an hour that they began to let people in. Plus its promoted to the young crowd, those barely turning 21 for example. I would much rather stick to my favorites...XS, Surrender. I have also heard good things about Hakkasan @ the MGM, my next venue to visit.
We came her for my buddy's bachelor party after unexpectedly losing our table at XS. Had we not lost our table I think I would have been more open minded about coming here. There is a medium sized dance floor with a DJ elevated on a platform and a waterfall behind him. We had a table right on the dance floor. The DJ was spinning EDM(of course) on this Saturday night. To be frank, the majority of the crowd on this particular night seemed like the folks who were turned away from XS or wanted a more urban, casual scene. Our group of 11 dudes nonetheless had a good time because it was all about the bachelor(but of course) so we had a good time; however I will not be coming back again.
The only reason why Tryst is getting 2 stars is because aside from what went down, the venue is really pretty and the waitress was fantastic. . . *****THEY WILL DO WHATEVER THEY CAN TO SCREW YOU INTO BUYING AN ADDITIONAL BOTTLE FOR YOUR TABLE. EVEN IF THAT MEANS LEAVING THE BIRTHDAY BOY OUTSIDE, NOT ALLOWING HIS ENTRANCE TO THE CLUB, TILL YOU AGREE TO BUY SAID BOTTLE. *****. . We were just here on Saturday night. My boyfriend had called earlier in the day to reserve a big table for his birthday. They said the name would be on the list and everything was ready to go.. As we get to the club, we find out that his name of course, isn't on the list. . After talking to some promoter, we were able to once again get ourselves a table, and as we were walking in, my poor boyfriend got a bloody nose (stupid dry weather in Vegas!!!!) so he had to run to the restroom in the casino to take care of business. I told the group to just go in and we'd be right in. I also told the bouncer the same thing. He didn't seem to have an issue with that. . . A few minutes later my boyfriend returns and they won't let us in. The bouncers are complete stuck up a**holes whom won't speak to you or acknowledge you even if you call them nicely. The bouncer who knew I was staying outside to wait for my boyfriend, decided he no longer wanted to remember our faces and told us "I see thousands of people a day, I don't know who you are". He was standing right next to me the whole damn time. They were incredibly unprofessional and not helpful at all. I have never in my life dealt with bigger a**holes on a power trip, and I'm a police officer!!!. . Long story short, after dealing with countless asshole security personnel on a power trip, we are finally allowed in, only to find out that the only reason they let us in, is because we had to agree to buy another bottle (we were already purchasing 4 bottles that night).  F this club, never again are we giving you our business. . . And to top it all off, it smelled like death when we walked in, and apparently they don't understand the concept of AIR CONDITIONING because it was hot as f in there on Saturday.. . If you know what is good, go across the street to XS, don't waste your time here.. . On a lighter note, the waitress was very friendly and helpful. She was on top of her game and made sure our glasses were never empty. She is the only reason we tipped that night.
came for a fraternity reunion a few years ago and for a friend's bday... not impressed. this club is probably on its way to being played out...like tao, pure, etx...
