Why does everyone like this place?. . I see everyone's check-ins on FB and ppl rave about this place.. . But, seriously. 2 stars --- I've had better!. . I think it didn't help that I was expecting a place to blow me away the way Honolulu's Goma Tei noodles blow me away. . . To me the broth was too salty. I barely like soy sauce, I can't enjoy salty broth.. . Meh.
Ordered the kim chi fried rice, green tea (did not expect it to be in a can), and a light brothed ramen noodle soup with pork belly, shredded mustard greens, bamboo shreds, and black mushroom strips. The pork belly was first class, the rest of the soup was too salty for my taste...I can imagine that it would have been perfect with 50% less salt. The kim chi fried rice was also a little salty. For the price, the overall quality was only soso. . . Oh, I also ordered gyoza, which was just average at best.. . I will say that the atmosphere seemed authentic and very Japanese with the cute waitresses screaming the orders to the kitchenin Japanese.. . If the food were less salty, this place could easily get at least 4 stars.
I've been here a couple times before hand, but lately it hasn't been what it was when it first opened. I went with my dad at my last visit. We both have the same taste in food so i thought he might be able to help me review this place. We ended up ordering 2 miso Ramen, as they contain the least amount of sodium, and we both were surprised at how they could end up making this one of the SALTEST broths we'd both ever tasted.. the worst part about it was it wasn't even ramen noodles.. it was the type of noodles they use in Chinese pan fried noodles..(thin egg noodles instead of wheat noodles)  which surprised both of us. I honestly wouldn't go back just because of this fact. The broths are just too darn salty...
Way over-hyped.  From the Bay Area with tons of great ramen shops here, this joint is way below standards by comparison.  Nevertheless, this shop is in Las Vegas so you got to take what you have available here.  Their "basic" ramen choices are very bland unless you order a lot of the extras.  If you want something tasty, plan on layering all the extras, otherwise it is not worth it.  My family paid $40 for taxi rides to and from our hotel with this place and it definitely wasn't worth it.  Place is super small so not a lot of tables for their customers.  We went on a night that was not crowded.  Service was friendly.  If it wasn't for this, I would rate this a one star.
After night one, we needed soup to help nurse our hangovers.  My friend turned to Yelp and found that Monta had a bunch of reviews and was overall rated four stars.  After dining at Monta and though the price is right, my conclusion is either Vegas lacks great ramen spots or Vegas Yelpers have low expectations for ramen...or maybe even both.... . WAIT:. Our party of seven arrived a bit after 1pm on a Friday afternoon.  Monta isn't a big place.  They accommodate approximately about 10 people at the bar and another 20-25 seated.  We waited about 30 minutes for a table which in the end, our party of seven had to split into two separate groups to be seated.. . FOOD:. *Tonkatsu Ramen ($6.95) - Though the broth was tasty and hearty, the noodles totally failed.  The noodles were different from what I am use to and I wasn't a fan of the thin, vermicelli like noodles which made the broth taste starchy the longer they sat there.  Toppings on the noodles were two pieces of chasui, bamboo shoots, green onions, and kikurage mushrooms.  One of our friends ordered the miso ramen and it came with noodles we were more accustomed to.. . *Pork Belly Bowl ($3.95 small/$5.75 large) - Delicious!  We ordered a large bowl and shared it with the table.  A generous amount of tasty pork belly is shredded over rice and topped with chopped green onions.. . SERVICE:. Typical Asian restaurant as you basically order, get your food, and get the bill.  Food took about 15 minutes or so to come out.. . PARKING:. Private lot
Went right after visiting the Grand Canyon. I was sun burnt and sweaty, i needed some comfort food. mmm... Ramen. I gave this place two stars because I had better, way better ramen in New York. Also the service was not all that. We stood at the entrance for a while then realize there was a book to put your name down. You would think the waitress that kept passing by would clue us in, Sheesh, i been to shittier ramen places service was never this bad. That made my experience there so much worst. Japanese people are usually so straightforward what is with this guessing game? The ramen is nothing to brag about, the broth is the same salty mess i complain about in most ramen places. One thing thats good though i have to say was their fried rice. That was delish. Yes go to a ramen place and get the fried rice.
Tokatsu Ramen - It was ok for me, but my friend found the noodles inedible and way too soft. The soup was good but nothing special.. Pork Belly Rice - So so. It was edible but again nothing special.. I don't understand the high ratings for this place.. Yelp has let me down!
Small place and long wait.  salty ramen, we tried each of the three broths. Nothing spectacular but my first ramen place in Vegas. Have had much better in Bay Area, LA & Chicago.
Was great the first time I went, but this last time was not ass good.  The tonkotsu ramen broth was so thick that it felt like I was eating a bowl of ramen with gravy...
I'm not a big fan of ramen and this place didn't help change my opinion about it.. Monta is a tiny restaurant tucked in a strip mall that seats about 25-30 people.. They serve ramen with a choice between 4 different broths and every bowl comes with char-su, mushroom, and green onion.. There are other options that you can add to your noodles for an additional cost too.. The broth was thick and a yellow-milky color which wasn't the best for drinking and the noodles didn't have any distinction that would make them "the best" ramen.. We also tried their regular fried rice and that was probably the only thing everyone enjoyed and would come back for again.. But as for the ramen I think I'll pass!
YUCK!!!  Is ramen soup supposed to tast like greasy salt water???  The restaurant itself  was fine.  We got seated right away, the beer, dumplings and service were all very good (hence my 2 stars).  But the soup was digusting!  It did look pretty though.  We wanted to try this place becasue we had seen it on TV and read about it in a Vegas food book.  We were fooled.
Service here has improved.  Maybe I am used to eating Ramen in California.  Maybe it's because the water sucks here in Vegas and they don't filter the water.  . . Really can't get over the fact that the broth is so dark and salty every time I eat here.  I really don't get that soulful feeling that I get when eating really great ramen.  I would rate it as decent, but needs vast improvement.  I know we are all about the money, but improve what you do before you open another location.  . . BTW this is not Hakata style Ramen.  I have had ramen all over Hakata and Tenjin.  Monta's is a version of tonkontsu style that comes from Fukuoka.
My husband liked this place, & it wasn't for me.. . The restaurant was really tiny,  The service was fast & the food came out quickly, but the pork was really weird that came in the ramen. The noodles were good, & so was the fried rice. But the pork made me gag, and I normally like pork.. . Not what I was expecting. Neither of us would go back.
This is probably the most popular ramen restaurant near Las Vegas area because we had to wait about 1 hour just to get in. Restaurant was pretty small and service was okay.  . . Miso ramen with extra chashu porks and nitamago ($7.25 + $2.5 + $1.5) - The miso broth was a bit salty, but at least there was some flavor. Nitamago (flavored egg) was actually pretty good. Chashu porks had a good texture, but tasted a bit salty. I do like their wavy noodle, pretty chewy. . . This place probably won't be this popular if it opens up around the Los Angeles area because there are too many great ramen restaurants. Overall - noodle wasn't too bad, but broth was definitely a bit salty.
This was my first visit for dinner.  There was only a short wait to be seated at a table.  The restaurant was located on Spring Mountain Rd/S Decatur Blvd in Las Vegas.. . I ordered the Miso Ramen.  My friends ordered the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen and the Tonkotsu Ramen.  They all came with green onions, two slices of fatty chashu, thinly sliced bamboo shoots and kikurage.  Butter, corn, kimchee, extra chashu, nori, egg, etc were extra.  The portions were small for the price.. . Luckily there was a plate of condiments:  soy sauce, sesame seed oil, sesame seeds, and chili powder to add flavor to the bland broth.. . I probably won't be back.
I went here with my girl friend and her friend. I am a simple white "guy" and they are both Chinese. I not remotely a Ramen expert, but I know one thing for sure, it is made with Ramen noodles! All three of our noodle dishes (all different) were made with cheap store bought NON-ramen noodles. A very thin Chinese style noodle that I have purchased many times from such markets as 168 and 99-Ranch. The broth was "okay". . . Now no matter how much you might "love" this place, to call it a Ramen House is insulting! Perhaps it once was much better, but with the current noodles served, it is a Japanese flavored Chinese Noodle House at best!
Before I departed to Japan for a month, I was given an impromptu send-off party at Monta.  This came following a year of nonstop coworkers cheering about how wonderful Monta was and how it made other establishments in Vegas, particular Anime Ramen, look bad.  So needless to say, my expectations were really high.  . . It should be mentioned that Monta was incredibly authentic to the point where everything that I loved and hated about Japan was en-capsuled by this establishment:. . Too small to fit a decent crowd so there was a 45 minute wait late night on a Friday?  Check.. Hard benches?. Check.. Tiny waiting space?. Check.. Completely open mail slot in the middle of December with a door that didn't close so it was incrediblydrafty and wet and miserable?  . Check.. . At some point I was actually convinced that this was their plot: Make you so hungry and cold and put-out that you would just find the food euphoric when you finally arrived.. . Not to mention that they were OUT of miso so anything that had miso in it was not an option.  Seriously, my favorite thing on the menu?  You're out of it??. . So finally managed to get to our food and the taste was great.  Broth was wonderful, noodles perfectly cooked.  Was it worth the wait?  Not reallyI just wanted to flee to Curry Zen whose attitude is blah but food is a staple for me.   . . I suppose that if I came a weekday afternoon and had a casual bowl I would had a different experience then it would have been fine.  But I shouldn't have to wait for a chance time to have a pleasant experience.
HOT! Not sure if their air conditioner is normally off, but it was 94 degrees inside! Hot room with hot ramen is not a good combination. . . The noodles my husband got were salty. Mine were...ehh. I could have done better with a cheap pack of noodles at home and a few eggs.. . For $42, not worth it- just for NOODLES!
I wanted so much to love this place based on the reviews. Surprisingly the best thing we had here was the char su rice bowl which was awesome. The ramen itself was just way too salty to the point it was barely edible. Friendly and great service otherwise but I hope there is better in vegas
We can here on a Thursday afternoon and waited about 45 minutes.. . I don't understand what the hype is here.  I've had way better ramen back home.
We waited for about 30 minutes which was expected from the reviews on yelp. We got seated at the counter and ordered, small fried rice, small pork belly rice, gyoza, shoyu ramen & tonkotsu shoyu ramen. . The gyoza was flavorful and good! . The pork belly bowl was ok... But the fried rice and ramen was a complete disappointment! The soup is nothing but BLAND!!!!! :( no richness at all... Will defiantly not be back
What can I say about Monta. I used to like it. Unfortunately, "used to," is the key word. Today, I keep coming back expecting their classic ramen, best broth, and perfected simplicity. But I now must admit all I have come to expect is disappointment. I have been coming here for about 2-3 years. But now I can't help but second guess my decisions. . . The service here has seemed to have gone down the drain. They give so much attitude and don't really care about the customers. You are rushed to order and if you have any problems or questions you are met with eye rolls and sighs. I'm not a picky eater, not at all, but service is key. . . Now to the food. I remember the food they used to have was great. Unfortunately that didn't seem to translate over time. Like watching the slow death of a once great king, the food quality has seemed to die too.  Over salty broth, oily broth, boiled gyoza, and an appalling meat to rice ratio on their side dishes. What happened? WHAT HAPPENED? . . To this I'm sorry Monta... You have lost me. I used to defend you feverishly against other ramen places but now... You have betrayed me. So to all you newbies that rave and praise this "new" monta. You can have it. I will leave this place in the past.
People always rant and rave about this place. I think this is the third time I've had it and I'm just not impressed. The noodles seemed too hard/thick and the pork just wasn't as melt in your mouth as I like it! . The flavor isn't even all that... I prefer Ramen Sora by far!
Got here a little before opening and already a line had formed (at least 15 people deep).  Pretty cramped inside, with about 6-7 tables and counter seating for 10.  Food took a while to come out, and a big reason why was there was only one person cooking the noodles, prepping the bowls, and plating/garnishing (with one person taking care of the rice items).  The waitstaff would just stand and wait for the food to be ready.  It could have been more efficient (and thus quicker), but maybe they were limited by the size of the kitchen.  Oh well.... . The ramen itself was just okay, with average-tasting broth and average noodles.  I ordered the tonkotsu ramen with the wavy noodles, and some pork belly bowls and fried rice for the kids.  Not bad overall, and service was good, but I prefer Fukumimi Ramen to this place.  But mad props to that multi-tasking cook, he sure was fun to watch!
