Sorry Mr. Flay, we love how you keep it real with all those aspiring cooks out there and get them ready for a throw down, but when we threw our appetities at your restaurant, your food did not come out on top.. . I had the new york strip steak. A solid steak, but nothing fancy. You're Bobby Flay, you're supposed to bring some heat or something like that. The house sauce with the steak was a nice touch. Maybe you're just trying to keep it simple.. . The girlflriend had a Cornmeal Crusted Chile Relleno, with roasted eggplant, manchego cheese, sweet red pepper sauce and balsamic vinegar. It tasted like a "Hot Mess", which is not the "Heat" we were looking for.. . Sides:  Smoked Chile Collard Greens; mashed potatoes w/ green chile queso sauce. Two thumbs up for the Mashed potatoes. But the collard greens weren't very smoky, weren't very spicy, and were just kind of mushy. Really underwhelming.. . So all you aspiring Mesa Grill patrons, ask yourself this: are you ready for a Let Down?
REALITY: Menu reads wonderfully, but food flavor doesnt live up to expectations. at all. im my 3 visits here.. . Service is spotty.  Once horrible. once solid. Once so so. . Great setting. Great mojito.  $13......... . For the money, the truth is there are a minimum of 50 other restaurants that would do your hard earned money a lot more justice.
A busy restaurant that makes itself seem so exclusive by crazy wait times.  And when you can get a reservation, don't try and check in a minute before your res. time, they won't accommodate you.. . Once you get over that, it's a great restaurant, however overpriced, tried their jumbo shrimp appetizer, blue corn cakes with duck, and coffee rubbed steak.  The steak, at $44 was a bit much for what it was (considering it doesn't come with sides).  If you want a side that's another $8.  For $50+ for the main meal, it wasn't outstanding.  But the appetizers, at $15 a piece, were much better prepared and more bang for the buck.
I wish I could give this restaurant a higher rating - as many have already said, a very mixed experience. The overall experience is best described as "Southwestern Light" several of us kept yearning for more spice and most of the food frankly was fairly bland. We came as a party of 5 - the waiter was very attentive however our entrees took forever and just as another reviewer has mentioned the table next to us sat down and seemed to have theirs immediately. My margarita was alright, nothing special and a bit on the weak side for a "high end" restaurant I could have probably gotten the same right outside in the casino. We chose appetizers based on previous reviews and these were delicious as were most of our desserts. Our entrees however when finally delivered were a huge disappointment - my chili relleno was awful - it practically oozed with so much cheese I couldn't find the chili in there and the chicken was basically no better than business class airplane food. Entrees were so terrible I don't think any of us will be back. If you are just going for the name then you probably won't care otherwise I would save your money and go a few doors down to the cafe at Spago.
In a word, bummer.. . I had high hopes but mixed feelings about eating here. I love Bobby Flay and have always wanted to eat at his restaurants. So when I learned I would be vacationing in Vegas, I knew this place was a must but after reading the reviews on Yelp, I was skeptical.. . And I had every right to be. . . We went in early in the afternoon, around 1:30pm. First of all, when we got tothe Forum Shops/Caesars Palace we weren't sure where to go. We checked the directory and Mesa wasn't on it! So we asked a girl at a gellato stand. She directed us to go all the way down to the bottom of the Forum Shops. When we made our way there, we still couldn't find it and had a man tell us we had to go all the way back! Frusterated, we went outside and walked to the front of Caesers, went inside and finally found it. But when we finished and took a left, we walked right into the Forum Shops where we first started out, right by the gellato stand where we got directions the first time! I don't know if she wasn't educated on the layout or simply was tired of having people ask for directions and sent us on a wild goose chase. Either way, it was very frustering.. . As for the actual restaurant, we were seated right away. Like previous reviews, the seating/tables are very close to each other, I'm sure so they can pack in as many diners as possible. . . Service was okay, nothing to write home about. . . Now, the food......oh, the food. I ordered the famous Pork Tenderloin sandwich, as I LOVE spicy food and the server told us it was probably the spiciest dish on the menu. Um, really? It had almost NO spice, and really no flavor whatsoever. The fries were overdone and just not very good. My boyfriend ordered the burger, which was WAY better than what I ordered and I ended up finishing it for him. He also was not impressed with the fries.. . Before I forget, the bread basket was very disappointing. I was looking forward to the jalapeno bread and it was soggy and not spicy even though I could see the bits of jalapeno in it. The rest of the bread was also meh. . . Overall, I'm glad I had the experiance but I won't be back to Mesa Grill. Sorry, Bobby.
Bobby Flay I'm not a fan. I don't like your show and find your SW cooking inauthentic, severely overpriced and pretentious. You do make a fine margarita however.. . If you want severely overpriced southwestern food (even for Vegas) that I believe doesn't properly represent authentic southwestern food, then give this place a try. Personally, I'll save my money and travel to Arizona, New Mexico and Texas and eat the real thing. It might actually cost less as well..... . In my not-so-humble opinion, there are much better placed to blow $100+ on dinner and drinks in Vegas. I'll never understand how people like overpaying for crap food...
I looked forward to this meal for months but was sadly dissapointed.  I had the posole, the rough cut tuna, and the shrimp tamale.  My wife had the chile relleno.  We found the food to be fairly bland and not mediocre.  The place was beautiful, the beer and service were great, but honestly, I came for a kick-ass meal and this place flopped in that department.   Out of what we had I'd say the tuna was the best....
I have to say I was pretty disappointed given the number of reviews for this place.  My wife had the veal chop and I had the lamb chops.  We also ordered a side of mashed potatoes and sauteed spinach.  I can't say it was anything special and I've definitely had better on all fronts.  My main issue is that I'm a big fan of lamb but the citrus sauce that they used pretty much killed all the gamey flavor.  I guess that's fine for people who don't want a gamey taste but then they probably shouldn't be ordering lamb anyways.  For the price, I would definitely recommend going elsewhere.
Major disappointment! Atmosphere not great, filled with cigarette smoke and a view of the casino sports book area. Pricey, don't mind that so much if food was great, which it wasn't. Tamales (both shrimp appetizer and one with my pork tenderloin dinner) were so dry and crumbly  I could hardly scoop it up with a fork. Service was good, but all staff seemed uptight and not so friendly. I like spicy food very much, which is why I ordered the pork, but it was so spicy it burned my mouth even after water. In fact, I ended up with stomach pain. I found the heat to be very unpleasant. Food is not Mexican, it's not southwestern, it's Bobby flay style I guess. Too many crazy weird flavors all mixed up. I honestly don't know how this place says in business and why all the 4 stars!!!! We skipped dessert and went back to Bouchon and ended the evening on a good note.
Overpriced for the quality and proportions you receive.  The New York Strip was fatty yet leather tough, overcooked, and with only a slight salty flavor - nothing I couldn't do at home.  The spicy chicken was average but was cooked well.  The blue corn pancake with barbecue duck was so  drowned in barbecue sauce I could not taste anything or enjoy the duck.  Also the pancake was paper thin and technically a crepe.  The sides were small, and the mashed potatoes were.....well, just plain mashed potatoes - nothing special.. . The service was average.  The restaurant is right off the casino so be prepared to smell plenty of cigarette smoke as you try to enjoy your meal.   And, the tables are way too close for any sense of intimacy - be prepared to hear every word the adjacent table discusses and be prepared for them to hear your conversation as well.. . Lastly, the desserts were great - otherwise this would have been a one star review.  Kudos to the pastry chef.  For the restaurant as a whole though: Celebrity Chef - no so celebrity restaurant.
Prior to dining here what I've known about Bobby Flay:. *D-bag that "raised the roof yo!" while standing on a cutting board in kitchen stadium in the episode he lost to Iron Chef Morimoto. *Dude that always adds chiliquiles, poblano peppers, mango chutney, etc. to whatever dish he makes on Food Network. *Guy that loses 90% of his Throwdown battles on food network for adding chiliquiles, poblano peppers, mango chutney, etc. to the dishes he makes in Throwdown. . So yea the only reason I went here was b/c my friends wanted to eat here while we were in Vegas. I actually wanted to like this place & judging from the yelp reviews I thought..maybe it won't be so bad! Ugh..I was not impressed. For starters we ordered Sophie's Chopped Salad & the "Queso Fundido." Sorry Sophie, but I think I could have made a better salad it was just a bunch of beans w/ pieces of lettuce & tortilla chips thrown in. The queso was served in a little skillet & was piping hot..but not in a good way more like it had been nuked in the microwave & had a layer of oil on top...no bueno. . . I wasn't really in the mood for meat so I ordered the Mango spice tuna steak..since I'm allergic to nuts I asked the server not to put pine nuts in the cous cous. I really didn't care too much for the tuna steak..it had way too many peppercorns. The bf had the grouper & didn't really care much for it either. I think the only thing I liked was the margarita I ordered. So yea when I think of Mesa grill, I think of a bourgeosie Chili's or Chevy's where you're likely to find mango chutney or ancho chile sauce on the menu & where you can expect to spend over $100 on sub par Tex Mex food.
Went to Mesa Grill because mom is always raving about it, she eats there everytime she in Vegas. Decided to have lunch because I just wasn't to hip to The whole southwestern vibe. . Seated very promptly and approached by waiter. He gave us the whole Bobby Flay-Food Network intro. Directed us to anfew appetizers - as seen on the food network - so we ordered blue corn pancake and shrimp tamale. Pancake was ok- sauce was much too sweet and tamale was lacking any serious flavor. Meanwhile our waiter wouldn't leave us alone, it seemed like every bite he was asking is how it was. Seriously, let me eat in peace. Then we heard him give the exact same opening speech to the table right next to us.. Drinks were good as was the chile relleno but not at the prices we paid. Overall it was a so-so experience and I'm glad I didn't go for dinner. Sorry mom.
Not quite sure how this place is pulling in so many five star reviews.  The only way I can see it is if you are ordering beef or lamb chop.  We were a party of 8 people and the 4 people that ordered the fish dishes were all disappointed.  I had the lambchop which was pretty good but did not blow me away.  Our friend who's 40th bday it was and is a BIG Bobby Flay fan loved his pork tenderloin and that was the most important thing since it was his birthday.  . In terms of service, they definitely lose a star ( or more ).  Was not impressed.  Our waiter was friendly enough but just going through the motions, this is Vegas buddy, there are a million places to eat, you gotta step it up !!  There was nothing terrible about the service through out most of the meal but nothing that stood out as good either.  The real kicker came though at the end of the meal when birthday boy went to the bathroom and I asked the waiter if he could bring out a piece of cake or something with a candle in it for the bday boy.  He said "if you buy a dessert we can stick a candle in it "  Excuse me!?!? We just dropped $800 and you can't splurge for a piece of cake, he came out instead with a ramekin with whipped cream and a candle stuck in it, was actually embarrassing.   Yes, we could have bought a piece of dessert but at that point it was the principal of the matter.. The other annoyance ( which happens at most places these days ) Is the automatic 18% gratuity for groups of 8 or more.  We were forced to tip this amount for sub-par service and spotty food.  . . Having been to Vegas 9 times, I would say that I would not rush to eat here, there are soooooo many other better choices.  I have walked by this place about 50 times and never had an urge to go in, my hunch was right.
Only in Vegas could you make reservations at a place that threatens to charge you $50 per person if you don't show up to be seated at a plastic folding table.. . The service was fine. A little slow but they tend to drag their feet a bit when they're charging you a whole lot for not much substance, it's makes you feel like you're getting more out of the experience I guess.. . I asked the waiter if they had any vegan options and watched him struggle through the menu before saying he'd have to ask the chef, which I don't think he ever did because we never got an answer.. . Everyone in our party said they liked their meal but no one liked it enough to finish everything on theirplate which says something.. . Their prices are fairly astronomical for what you get and I believe that they try to cover up what is basic food with a fancier name. Roasted Corn Soup = one of the cartons of soup from Trader Joe's, Rough Cut Tuna Nachos = raw tuna chunks with a side of commercial grade tortilla chips, Cornmeal Crusted Chili Relleno = big jalapeno popper, Mango + Spice Crusted Tuna Steak = Chili's summer special.. . I'm sure there are good aspects of this place, we just didn't see them. . . I guess everything in Vegas is a gamble.
Super disappointed. Ate here on Friday night with some friends, and as I really like Bobby Flay I figured this would be a great place to eat. Had some decent appetizers and salads. Thought about the pork tenderloins but got talked out of them by the waiter so I ordered the ribeye. I love a good ribeye; one of my top favorite foods. This was the worst ribeye...actually the worst piece of meat I've ever eaten. Totally undercooked (and I like a good piece of rare meat) and worse: absolutely no flavor. I enjoy the fat on a ribeye but this had way more fat than usual. The honey glaze and the other sauces were okay, but I wasn't even interested in the meat. Service was slow (which was fine, we weren't in a hurry at first) but by the time I bit into that meat I was ready to leave. I didn't bother complaining to my waiter because I knew it would take too long to bring out something else and by that time we were ready to get back to the craps table. Found it interesting that the waiter didn't ask if something was wrong when he cleared my plate and there were only 2 bites taken out. Maybe I hit this place on an off night but I don't think I'd be willing to go again to find out. Too many other good places to eat in Vegas. Skip this one.
For me, the menu choices were not that different from each other; with the exception of the steak, it seemed it all tasted the same. The spices overpowered the food so that my pork dish, tasted like all the others. It wasn't a matter of being too "hot", it was just too much. I've eaten better food at half the price. Do not misunderstand, the food was good, it just wasn't outstanding or worth the money.
My awesome friend took me here for my birthday brunch...I absolutely enjoyed the company of my friend, but the food left a bad taste in my mouth.. . -Crispy Bacon and Hashbrown Quesadilla-It tasted burnt so I scraped a thick layer of cheese off my quesadilla and there was the reason why..so black.  I asked the waiter if this is how the quesadilla suppose to look like and he replied "yes...it comes out toasty."  I asked, "by toasty you mean burnt?  Seriously?"  his answer was "yes."  I should have send that pile of charcoal back to the kitchen.  . -Tiger Shrimp & Roasted Garlic Corn Tamales-I was looking forward to this dish.  However, major disappointment.   The tamale was dry and not much of it either.  Flavor was just not there for me. . -Spicy Chicken & Sweet Potato Hash: This came with your choice of creamy grits or southwestern fries.  I was super excited to get a taste of home with the creamy grits.  It came out and I was like What the F is this cream of wheat looking bowl???  Eek...I do not like it whatsover.  The spicy chicken & sweet potato was different but was decent to consume.. . Service may be good, but the server that attended us that day is one lazy person.  Shame shame.
Meh is right. I've tried this place now 3 times, every time it's a disappointment. Skip it.
Wouldn't come back based on the fact they recommend their steaks and don't know how to cook them. They made both steaks at our table RAW. Insanely raw. They recooked one and it lost all flavor and was terrible; charcoal on the outside. The grouper was delicious but service was crap... They took away our bread without asking if we were done and it just felt rude. For the price we paid they could at least be courteous.
this is the place for you if you prefer your food undercooked.  the salmon was still raw inside (the waiter insisted that its served that way since it's a "better quality" salmon), and our 'medium rare' rib-eye was pretty rare!!  the sauce that accompanied the dishes was good tho.  sorry bobby flay...don't think i'll be visiting ur restaurant again
Overrated in my opinion. It's not bad but not great, especially if you have to consider price.  Nothing extraordinary.
I went on Friday night with my girlfriend and a friend of ours. The comments below are either my thoughts on what I ordered or their thoughts almost verbatim (we discussed my writing a review over drinks after we left). . House margaritas: Extremely heavy on the lime, to the extent that the tequila is lost and it ends up tasting like a key lime martini. . Blue corn pancake with duck: had potential, but it was over sauced to the point that the duck was lost. The pancake was more of a crepe, and it was overpowered as well. All you could taste was the sauce.. . Cornmeal crusted chile relleno entree: The chile relleno was good and cheesy. The crispy crust was unique, but it didnt necessarily add to the dish.. . 22 oz bone in rib eye: I ordered this medium rare. It came on the blue side of rare throughout and burned to a crisp on the outside. The chipotle glaze was completely lost and instead it tasted like a briquette. I was especially disappointed in this rib eye because a) I can cook a steak better than that and b) It's Flay's restaurant; you don't screw up grilled meat.. . Side dish of chile relleno filled with black beans and rice. Good, but not great. The grainy cornmeal crust took away from an otherwise excellent stuffed chile (the person who ordered this is different than the person who ordered it as an entree). . Sixteen spice chicken: No complaints from the person who ordered it. She seemed pleased but not overjoyed and appreciated the large portion.. . Overall, none of us felt that Mesa Grill met expectations. Two of us gave it a 2 star review, the third would give it a 3 star review. If you want to go to a celebrity chef restaurant in Vegas, I would recommend Batali's place. A lunch I had there 2 years ago still haunts me in my dreams.
We went to Mesa Grill for my nieces 21st Bday dinner. I had heard great things and was very excited.... But left a bit disappointed. We had. 6:45pm reservation and were seated within minutes. Our service was initially pretty good and then went downhill along with some of the food. We ordered the 1st bottle of wine and wanted a few appetizers to go with it. The waiter stated we had to order wine, apps, and all of our entrees at the same time. I felt rushed and the waiter was irritated that we hadn't selected our entrees at this point. After ordering everything, we saw him maybe 2 more times in 2 hrs.... Evenpouring our own wine from the bottle. Not that I have a problem with that but when your entree costs $50 usually the waiter keeps your glassed filled. . . Food rundown:. . Apps:. Queso Fundido was excellent with goat and Monterey jack cheeses $15. Tiger Prawn Tamale was just ok.... 3 or 4 shrimp total...  Not worth $17. Quesdilla was awesome and worth the $12ish price. . Entrees and sides:. My sister had 2 app size chile  rellenos for her entree. There is a ente size chili relleno but the waiter said it was a big bell pepper?? Call me crazy but chili relleno is supposed to be made with a large chili?? At any rate the app size chili relleno was weird. First of all it looks like a large jalepeno popper sans the cheese. It was filled with dry black beans and came with a corn meal crust... No sauce.. No cheese. Mt sister requested cream fraiche on the side... With a smirk from the waiter.. . 3 others in our party ordered the Tuna Steak entree. While tasty it requires a steak knife for the medium rare.. Again a complete smirk from our now very rude waiter.. . I had the Porterhouse Lamb chops. To be honest is is the only thing that is making me give Mesa Grill 2 stars. There were 2 huge chop cooked perfectly to med rare and tasted amazing! . . Sides: all sides cost $8. Mashed Potatoes were good but very small and $8 for a single serving. Brussels sprouts were tasty. Sauteed spinach was generously average. . My overall experience was just ok... If the service had been par with the prices and for our celebration I might feel differently. Order the lamb and stay away from the app chili relleno.. . 6 ppl with 5 entrees and 2 bottles of wine... $450.00 plus gratuity.
Let me first start off by saying that this was one of the places that I was more excited to visit than any other place because I think Bobby Flay is a bad ass.  I like watching food network and I Bobby Flay always tries to bring the heat. bring the flavor.  Bobby Flay, I would be embarrassed to have my name associated with this restaurant.  We were seated to our table, and our waiter came out to speed read us our menu and his recommendations.  I started with a bloody and when my wife stated that water was all she wanted, the waited ignored her and showed her the drink menu, gave more opinions of what he would have etc etc.  When she reiterated that all she wanted was water, he glared, yes folks, glared and walked away.  So our food came out real fast... too fast... As in yeah we had this made already and just warmed it up a touch.  I don't need my food made from scratch each and every time, I just don't want it to taste like it was made days ago and reheated.  So I had the  Mesa burger. Double cheddar cheese. Grilled Vidalia onion. Horseradish mustard.  Asked for medium rare/medium.  got medium well/well.  if you are going to ask me how I want it cooked you should try to adhere to that level of "cookedness" ;-)  The burger was lack luster from bun to burger to onion to my mouth.  Nothing about this burger was good aside from the horseradish mustard, which had a nice kick.  If I wanted a mediocre burger I would go to applebee's or something like that.  At least there I would not be let down with a bad tasting burger, I would expect it.  Tiger shrimp and roasted garlic corn tamale is what my wife had.  Oh course I ate some too, sharing is caring.  We agreed that the shrimp was overcooked.  I think that this dish would have been pretty good if the shrimp was not overcooked.  It surely had the potential.  The tamale was great, soft moist flavorful.  No wonder this dish has been on the menu since the opening of the restaurant. So overall this place was a let down.  I was looking for flavor and heat, really did not get any of that here.  I was so rushed through my meal and my waiter was so rude that it made me feel like I was at a fast food restaurant.  It seemed, however just an assumption, that once we declared only one cocktail per our table, hey we drank all day gambling and needed a break, it felt like the waiter saw us as a low profit table, and treated us thus.  Really wanted to like this place. ;-(
I was really not impressed with this place.  I came here for brunch, so this is more of a brunch critique since I haven't been here for dinner.  I could have ordered the wrong thing, but seriously, shouldn't everything on the menu be amazing?  I ordered the spicy chicken and sweet potato hash.  The sweet potato was diced and mixed in with diced chicken.  I barely had any chicken in the mix of my dish.  Flavor wise the whole dish was average.  It seemed like everyone was getting the steak and eggs, so you should probably go for that if you ever try this place.  Dont get the chicken and sweet potato hash or else you'll be disappointed like me.  I will probably never come back to Mesa grill because of that dish.
First off let me just say that I do not believe this place is worth going to for dinner. For the money, you can get much better food at countless restaurants on the strip. You don't need a white guy from NYC introducing you to Southwest cuisine. If you care about Iron Chef, excited about the idea of paying $18 for a tamale or can't experience something like Yucatan flavors where you're from, then I say go for it. . . With all that being said, I have been here for brunch two times and had a decent experience. The prices are reasonable, they have straight forward dishes and I was able to get mezcal, which isn't so easy to find in Vegas. My girlfriend and I were going to be in Vegas for Christmas and I thought this would be a good option for Holiday brunch. I called and made a reservation for brunch and there was no mention made of any changes. When we got there, the restaurant was noticibly empty and we were told that brunch was not being served for Christmas, and only the dinner menu (not even the lunch menu) was available. The waiter mentioned that he was sorry and this has resulted in several walkouts throughout the day. We walked out and I felt terrible because the loss of business affects the wait staff as much as anybody and it was Christmas. However, we came specifically for brunch, was never told that only the dinner menu would be available and as I mentioned earlier, wouldn't pay for the dinner fare. I know this is extremely case specific, but the whole experience was a major letdown and perhaps it is magnified more because it was Christmas. All in all, I wouldn't recommend this place anyways except for brunch. . . -JRS
We wanted to try this place since we see Bobby Flay on tv all the time.  Overall it was ok.  I tried the recommend filet and it was ok.  The other members of the party tried the pork tenderloin and luv it.  The major reason they only get 2 stars was the wait staff.  There was a strangely long wait for the apps and between the apps and main course.  When we looked over, the staff were talking among themselves while our food where just sitting there.  Definitely had better in Vegas.
Let me state first, I had the hots for Bobby Flay for a long long time. We came to Vegas for our honeymoon and my husband knew I HAD to go to a Bobby Flay eatery. . . What a friggin bust! . First off, I, the giddy school girl inside, came right out and asked if Mr Flay was there (obviously knowing there was a 99.9% chance he wasn't), and he wasn't. And the host came right out and asked me "Why, he is so full of himself, such a dick". . Yikes, someone got yelled at, or saw something that the TV doesn't show.. If your staff is talking like that, then that's a problem.. . So we sit, and I don't see anything I really want to eat. We get apps.. The waiter, glared at us, ignored us, probably because we weren't middle age upper white class. We are in our 20s, tattooed and middle class... sue me! So he finally comes over with these cheddar biscuits- they were pretty good.. . We get the duck tamales, or something like that... lets just say it went right through us, and we were sick for the last 2 days on our trip.. . So Bobby Flay. Your staff called you a dick. Your staff is just as pretentious as you. Your food wasn't good, and possibly gave us food poisoning.. And I met you a year later at a book signing, and it all came together, you are just a fantasy, a seemingly nice guy on TV- but I think you're host in Vegas said it best..... . Will never go back.
I went here on Friday night (2-10-12, Las Vegas).  The waiter talked us into the Pork Tenderloin and Rabbit.  The pork was ok but the Rabbit was dried and awful.  The Margaritas were not good.  This place is way over priced for below average food.  Bobby Flay should be embarrassed.
It was alright,honestly  nothing earth shattering.Went on Valentines Day and felt very rushed.I dont think it was worth the $220.Meh..Sorry Bobby Flay,Emeril's Delmonico was far surpurb.
The hostess station/staff was a bit unwelcoming...like checking in for x-rays at an HMO. The server was friendly and made some recommendations based on what "sells well". The beer menu was missing several of my favorite non-exotic options and we were told that they were sold out of two of the dishes on the somewhat limited menu. All this before the bread arrived. Let me stop here and mention that when I go to a "celebrity chef" restaurant my expectations are a bit higher. It's not just about the food...it's about the overall experience. Fame and television programing has me pre-sold on the idea that this is going to be a very good experience. As a consumer I am not concerned that the beer delivery truck was delayed or that the kitchen didn't estimate what dishes would sell well enough that they were running out of portions by 1:00 in the afternoon. Now the food, I had the pork which was very good, cooked really well and was flavorful. My companion had a specialty burger and said it was very good as well. However, neither one of us were so enamored with the food and experience that we would go out of our way to go back. In summary, food was solid (though pricey, but you knew that); where I feel they fell short was on the details. Could just have been an off day at the ol' Mesa Grill...
I'm so shocked.  I visited here in 2008 and the food was so great that I went back this past weekend on my visit to Vegas.  Totally different experience.  I was so disappointed.  . . 1st off, the service was not a good as previously, perhaps they assigned the server with too many tables and my dish wasn't flavorful.. . I ordered the special, Grouper with Corn Cous Cous (see photo).  The dish was beautiful and I was excited when it hit the table.  The fish itself lacked seasoning and it wasn't cooked all the way through.  Once I got to the middle, I just put down my fork.  Sorry, Bobby, won't be back.
His cooking was bold, spicy and has a Mexican flare.  What else would expect from a 4th generation Irishman?  I have my doubts too.  Does this this leprechaun know how to throwdown some mexican flavor in the kitchen?  . . read more here: http://www.bougiefood.com/?p=323
Always been a favorite but not tonight!  Sophie's Salad was underwhelming...brown lettuce and the cheese cubes were hard...it was like the salad  was from yesterday..just awful.  I was really surprised it was actually served to us.  The ahi appetizer was tasteless.  The ahi entree was really good.  Corn side dish good and crunchy!. All in all, disappointing .
I tried Mesa grill a few years ago in  New York. I was disappointed, but I wasn't impressed either. It was just OK. While on vacation in Vegas, my wife wanted to try this place so we gave it a shot again.. Exactly the same experience. . It just wasn't memorable - for being good or bad. It was just OK. . I was expecting the world with Flays reputation - especially considering the price. It was just unremarkable.
Yeah this was a NO-GO!. . Service was slow and pretty inexperienced.. Drinks were tiny!. Food was way overpriced and lacked flavor-presentation didn't wow me either.. Best thing-bread basket :/. . Very disappointed...especially since everyone raves about this place. I love Bobby Flay and am addicted to his shows on the Food Network so I guess my expectations were a bit higher??? Really Bobby...Really?! I thought if he is going to put his name on this restaurant then it's gotta be awesome...wrong!. . My friend ordered the Ancho Chili Honey Glazed Samon, it was good, nothing I would rave about. Better than my dish.. . I ordered the coffee rubbed filet mignon (sounds exciting right?!) Wrong again. I thought the robust flavor of coffee with a filet would be an interested and unique flavor combination. NOPE. Just put a bunch of stale coffee grinds on top of a filet and there you go. The filet was basically raw as well-not the way i ordered it. . . The service...OY. Horrible! she didn't even check on us after she took our order. Didn't even care that i didn't eat my raw piece of meat. I'm really not that harsh but I've been in the service industry for years so I really wasn't pleased.. . To my dismay the place was packed with a line out the door into the casino. Don't understand!. . Didn't even want dessert after all that mess. . . Wouldn't go back.
I feel like my experience at MESA suffered from a bout of bad luck, but it really is no excuse for the fact that this place was just unimpressive - however, I am willing to give MESA another try (maybe for lunch instead).. . Like other places, we arrived on time for our reservation, but were forced to wait in the bar for close to half an hour.  When I attempted to order the speciality cocktail during the wait, I was informed that they were out.  When we were seated, we attempted to order a bottle of wine, which again was sold out.  . . The food here was okay, but nothing special.  The quesadilla appetizer was no more impressive than what I've cooked in my toaster oven at home.  My steak was rather bland and a bit overcooked - not necessarily bland, but it definitely did not meet my expectations.  The service felt rushed, but was otherwise alright.  The atmosphere doesn't exactly portray an ambiance of fine dining, and I was rather disappointed.  This is a restaurant that suffers from too much light, which I've found is rare - I felt like I was dining in a chili's as opposed to a high-end, celebrity chef owned establishment. . . I would like to give MESA another chance, but I don't have a lot of motivation to go back based off my first experience.  Unless you are really a fan of Bobby Flay - I would search for an alternative.  There are worse places to eat in Vegas, but there are a lot that are far better.
Like several others on this site, it is possible that our experience here could be chalked up to a "bad night", but this is my third time to Mesa (2 others for lunch) and I have yet to have a memorable meal here. Our night started with a 30 minute wait for our table (yes we had a reservation) and were given all sorts of attitude from the hosts. We ordered cocktails after being seated, signature Margarita's for a few  and everyone who did, myself included stated how "sweet" they were. Missing that sour balance and very disappointing. Appetizers we fine, nothing special. When the main courses were delivered, two (of 6) went back for being under cooked. I really can;t express how disappointed we were. With all the great places popping up in Vegas, it seems that Mesa is riding on it's past reputation and not what got it to the dance.
Located inside the massive compound that is Caesar's Palace; Mesa Grill is brilliantly juxtaposed between the Corinthian columns and marble statues of ancient Greece and the impressive sports book and gaming tables of modern Vegas.  The restaurant's facade is cool, it is elegant and refined, yet laid back and calls to mind the island feel of the Caribbean.. . We arrived a few minutes early for our reservation and were invited graciously to sit at the bar.  We promptly obtained drinks from the bartender, and were ushered to our table without issue.  However, our server seemed displeased that we had ordered drinks from the bar thus lessening his sale for our table.  We ordered two of the Tiger shrimp tamales which arrived at an unsettlingly fast pace.  Any hesitation by the "fast-food" speed with which they appeared was soon dashed by the overwhelming deliciousness that sprang forth from the plates.  Having eaten at many superb restaurants I feel compelled to say that these are some of the best starters I have yet to experience.. . After the table was cleared I sat in anticipation for the main courses to arrive.  Our table had ordered two of the Coffee Rubbed Filets, one of the Black Angus Strips and one Chipotle Glazed Ribeye as well as an order of collard greens, mashed potatoes and, upon recommendation of the server, an order of Brussel sprouts.  My steak arrived and I noted how truly pleasing it was to the eye; however, I was disheartened that such an exquisite piece of meatseemed over powered by the bountiful amount of sauce on the plate.  Once I had cut into my steak and taken a bite I was instantaneously reminded that this was Chef Bobby Flay's house and his cooking was inextricably linked to him.  The protein on my plate was classic and refined and delicious, yet it had been arrogantly and flamboyantly altered to meet the needs of a Chef's personality.  The two sauces on the plate competed with the beef and reminded me of an episode of "Throwdown" except no one won, and my palate was an innocent bystander.. . I looked for solace in the sides on the table and it was then I noticed that the recommended sprouts were missing.  After some time, we got the server's attention and asked him to forget the sprouts since we probably wouldn't need them or have room for them at this point.  He blatantly disregarded this request and demanded that we try them, because to do so would somehow be a personal affront to him.  We yielded.  When the sprouts arrived they were undercooked and over-seasoned to the point of sheer carelessness.  We each sampled one for the humor of it but left them on the table as a comedic reminder of how far off this meal had gone.. . In summaton, this restaurant has the location, the ambience and the kitchen to be elite.  Yet when given an opportunity to let the cuisine evolve into greatness, it seems the staff from the highest to lowest get in the way of their own success.
With all the hype of Bobby Flay and Mesa Grill I had high hopes for this restaurant even though it is a chain and in the middle of touristy Las Vegas.  The food was priced like a Morton's Steakhouse but not up to the standards.  The side dishes were small, not very good, and not well executed.  The entrees were prepared well, however the price is not worth it.  In my opinion I would skip over this place and go off the strip to a non tourist trap that is much better food, and much nicer environment.  The decor of this place is that of a TGI Fridays with a slightly more classy twist.  I have dined in a lot of find dining establishments and this did not meet my expectations in the least.  The $13 margaritas on the rocks tasted like it came from mix not made from scratch.  . . Also to make a reservation for a Saturday night party of 5 took 2 managers to approve and an act of congress.
Not impressed. We ate here before the Celine concert since it was close and will not go back.  The margaritas were great, but you can keep the rest.  Average to below average food at best.
The only reason this place gets business is because it is a Bobby Flay restaurant.  I was not impressed with the food at all.  . . I had a prickly cactus margarita (it was a delicious reddish pink color and was amazing) and Hubs tried a mezcal (which is like tequila but isn't).  For starters, we went with the server's recommendation. She said it is the most "popular" appetizer - Tiger Shrimp with Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale and cilantro sauce.  This was SMALL.  There were four medium sized (I think they were smaller than they should have been) shrimp with a tamale on the side. It really looked like the tamale was the main part of the dish and the shrimp were the side garnish.  There was nothing special about the shrimp. They looked like four cooked and peeled shrimp. I was pretty disappointed.. . For the mains, Hubs had the rabbit  - Cascabel Chile Crusted Rabbit with toasted chile cous cous, almonds, currants in a smoked red pepper sauce and I had the Halibut with green chile curry sauce and corn and cactus salsa. Originally, this was supposed to be Wild Stripe Bass, but there were some weather issues back East so they didn't get their fish shipment in that day.. . My halibut was good. Nice crunch on the top of the fish and the green chile curry sauce was mild.  I liked it. It was a huge portion of fish.  Hubs' rabbit was just ok - most people don't like the gamey flavor of rabbit, but that is what the rabbit lacked. It tasted more like chicken than rabbit.  . . For dessert, we had the banana cream pie.  It was pretty light and a good way to end the meal.. . The service was ok. At first, the server was very attentive and quick but after we got our appetizers, she was quite slow. Having experience in the food industry, I did notice that her section filled up quickly and she had small tables like us but also parties of 6 or more. She was friendly enough though.. . I believe there are better Mexican restaurants in Vegas.  Mesa Grill is known for grilling so maybe the steaks are better?
They put chocolate with spinach and salmon.  Yes. I typed that correct. CHOCOLATE, with spinach and salmon...enough said. The service was mediocre. Which is why it gets 2 instead of  just 1
Went here a couple of weeks ago. Wasn't impressed. The "signature margarita" was nothing special, I can make better margaritas. I had the tuna steak. Again, it was nothing special. In fact, there are better tuna steaks in the frozen isle of Trader Joe's. . . And of course because it's Bobby Flay's place, the price was outrageous. Maybe it would've been worth it if the place had lived up to its high profile, pretentious, reputation.
I was so looking forward to this restaurant. And once we were there, I couldn't wait to leave. I can only describe the service as "disinterested". And this is what spoiled the entire experience for me. We had reservations and somehow got a table which was right behind a server station which was along side of an on-ramp. The waiter would casually lean over the side of the ramp to ask us how we were doing, then leave before we could finish a sentence. There were tons of waitstaff milling about, but very few people actually in the restaurant at the time for dinner. The staff seemed more interested in talking to each other and watching the games on the big TVs that dominated the area (loudly) just outside the restaurant. . I will say that the food was absolutely top notch. I had the strip steak and it was just perfect. Loved the twice baked potato and collard greens as well. Unfortunately, we did not stay for dessert. I couldn't see sticking around and paying top dollar for horrible service. . Perhaps we'll give this a try when we are in New York. I wouldn't recommend this for Vegas. There are much better places to go.
I've been meaning to go this place for so long and I finally got to try it out. Unfortunately, I was disappointed by my visit. I got the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin and it wasn't good to me. I asked how the chef recommended it be cooked (rare) and I thought that it was too raw/red for me. I would not recommend getting this dish although lots of people on Yelp say to do so. The Chile Relleno was really good and the margaritas we ordered were yummy as well. Ask which drinks are popular.. . Service was excellent and the atmosphere is nice.. I guess since I've been waiting to try this place for so long and after hearing about how yummy it is, I had some high expectations so when I finally got to try it out, no expectations were met and I was sad. Oh well--feels good to check this off my list though.
I could care less about the "celebrity" chefs phenomenon. Can't help but think it adds 20% to the tab of such restaurants. In the case of Mesa Grill, we didn't really notice Mr. Flay's influence in that the meals we ordered didn't particularly stand out from any other restaurant of this type.. . We were a party of six celebrating a birthday.. . Overall the service was very good and responsive. Oddly, they don't have salt and pepper shakers at the tables. I asked the server to bring it. She never did. Must have spaced it.. . I ordered the $50 bone in-ribeye. Couldn't get much flavor out of it. Gee I missed the salt and pepper.. . Others at our table said they enjoyed their meal. No one was "over the top" in their praise.. . The side dishes were ridiculously small and absurdly overpriced.. . The setting was beautiful - lots of glass with casino views.. . I suppose Mesa Grill qualifies as a moderate to high priced "upscale" restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip. It's about what I expected in a tourist trap town.
i was extremely disappointed with my experience here - and this is coming from someone who has eaten here before and enjoyed it back then (albeit, that was 7 years ago...). . . the menu selection was minimal - barely two pages to cover the entire menu of drinks, starters, entrees, and desserts. i barely found anything i wanted to eat with such few items to choose from. however, i was there with a group for a birthday so i had to find *something* and be quiet about it. i decided to get a soup and an appetizer and eat them both as my meal.. . unfortunately, however, i did not end up eating any of the food that was brought to me. . (1) the corn soup i received was cold the first time it arrived, so i sent it back for a warm one. however, it was overly sweet and tasted more like a dessert soup than a starter. it was also too spicy, i would have preferred a milder soup that allowed the natural sweetness of the corn to shine. . (2) i also had a smoked chicken quesadilla that was SO overly smoked that i thought i was eating pork. the chicken was also overcooked and dry. i took two bites and left the rest. . (3) finally, i got the peach mojoto which must have been 4 parts sugar to 1 part mojito. it was like drinking pure cane syrup.. . i will not be returning here, and i will not be recommending it to any of my friends, either. my share of the dinner was $50 and i had two spoon fulls of soup, two bites of quesadilla, and a sip of mojito. such a waste.... . i'm giving two stars instead of one because our server was a very nice lady, and she made sure our party of 8 was tended to regularly.
Our group was really disappointed by Mesa Grill.  While planning our Vegas trip, visiting Bobby Flay's restaurant was at the top of the list.  I am a fan of Bobby Flay and his food on Food Network looks amazing, but I would never recommend this restaurant to someone visiting Vegas.. . The hostess was rude when I informed her that our original group of 8 was now 10, which should have been a sign to go somewhere else to eat, but we soldiered on.  They split us up into a table for 4 and a table for 6.  The server had a thick accent and was difficult to understand.  The service was poor and the food took too long to come out.  . . Highlights:  bread basket- all of it was really good, especially the jalapeno bread, quesadilla was perfection ... the bacon, cheese, onions and bacon were amazing.  Everyone at the table enjoyed it.  The ribeye steak, which was off menu, was excellent.  The home fries were also good.. . Low lights:  All of the egg dishes were really bland. The tiger shrimp tamale was bland and the sauce was too thin.  The mimosa was weak.  Everyone hated the hominy grits ... our table was full of Southerners, so grits have a high bar to meet and it failed miserably.. . Very disappointing and truly the culinary low light of our Vegas trip.
I don't get all the rave reviews..  . Sat at the bar....recommended Margarita was quite good.  However...the older and presumably experienced bar tender would cough into his hands, then grab a glass and make the libation...disgusting.  Guy next to me orders his 'rita straight up...and of course..gets it served over ice.. . I ordered a lamb chop....really undersized for the price...and just did not have the flavor one would expect.  I also expected more flavor throughout the meat, as if it had been somewhat dry rubbed or marinated....it just tasted as if the sauce/covering was put on last second prior to serving...didn't seem "married".  Roasted Corn something had terrific flavor....but WAY over salted and WAY too sweet.. . House wines were not impressive, but of course...that is a matter of taste.. . Lovely ladies next to me were nearly orgasmic with the "he's so cute" Bobby Flay items they chose.. . I have eaten at many of the celebrity chef restaurants around Vegas....most don't live up to the Hype.
I was seeing a show @ Ceasar's Palace this night and I thought that I would get there early and check out the "Flay" thing at Mesa Grill here in Las Vegas.. . As always, on the weekend nights in Las Vegas, it and everywhere else was packed. I was lucky enough to find a place at the bar. The bartender was good and so was the cactus pear blossom margarita. Actually one of my all-time favorites. However the 2 appetizers I ordered were laughably SMALL!  . I had their famous Lobster Tacos and the Tiger Prawn Tamale. The tamales were good, the tacos were so tiny that I couldn't tell if there was lobster meat or just the "essence of lobster" in them. They were both more like an amuse bouche than an appetizer. . . Tacos $20  Tamales $15   estimated weight 3 ozs. total ... if that.. Tamales were tasty. The tacos were too small to register taste.. After 1 drink and tax the tab was $53. $10 tip = $63 . . I doubt that I'll give it a second try for entrees. . The VALUE was a joke as far as I was concerned.. . Thankfully the food court was right next door so I didn't have to sit thru the show hungry :)
I'm actually disappointed I'm giving Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill a two star rating. Here's why:. . While my quesadilla was everything I wanted, creamy with ricotta, "meaty" with mushroom, and spicy/sweet with basil and jalapenos, it was a bit on the salty side. meh. . . My bride-to-be friend had an awful experience with her meal, however: two of her chicken strips weren't cooked through, one was almost entirely raw. There was pink everywhere. Salmonella = No bueno. . . The service was impeccable, and our server removed the item from our bill. However for the pricey items and somewhat pretentious menu, I'd expect the food to be damn near perfect, especially considering it carries the Bobby Flay brand name. . . Womp Womp Womp.
I do not know what all the buzz about this place is... Poor service, mediocre and overpriced food. The sauces were very basic - no nuance of flavor, and actually very blah. We waited 20 minutes to even be acknowledged by waitstaff, and another 15 minutes to get our drinks. Although we were very clear to communicate up front that we had a show to get to, that didn't seem to matter to them. I can recommend other restaurants in Vegas - don't waste your hard earned $$ here.
Rated so low based on $260 price tag for 2, when I've had much better overall experiences for less than half the price. Food wasn't terrible, as long as you don't like pairing wine with dinner. We tried wine that the waitress suggested and literally never tasted the wine due to completely scorched taste buds. A filet that roasts your mouth? I expected to taste a top quality piece of beef nicely complemented by wine. Instead tasted...hot pepper and was that wine? Not sure. It was red but had no chance at coming through after my mouth being blown out by pepper. Weird thing is I like spicy food, this just didn't go with a steak. Not up to the hype or the price tag. Apparently Mr. Flay hasn't checked in with his "chef" lately.
My wife and I ate here for brunch on a Sunday and we came away very disappointed.  we had fairly high expectations being that we are fan's of Bobby Flays, however everything from the service to the menu and the food itself just fell short.  Our waiter was very nice at the beginning, but once he took our order he disappeared.  We sat with empty drinks for over 10 minutes.  . . We got the impression from the staff that they just wanted to rush people in and out for service.  . . The food was very average, not terrible but definitely not the quality and originality that we had expected to find.
overly priced menu -- as one can expect on the Las Vegas strip -- with aggressive service staff who lacked tact and food service basics such as a server who displayed the appetizer menu to us 4 times, once at the beginning of drink selection, another time when we were serviced our drinks, then again while we made our meal choices, and yet again while we were eating; and who brought out cold refrigerated butter that ripped through the warm, fresh and great-tasting bread.
Appetizers were great. Lobster taco exceptional.. Rib eye steak, one of the worst ever. Under cooked and full of gristle.. No response from complaint to server. . Lamb chop mediocre at best. . Pork tenderloin good.. 2 beers one mixed drink no dessert, bill 180 per couple.. Really?. Would never go back.
My husband & I always eat here when we come to Vegas, we are obsessed with the port tenderloin sandwich (which is delicious). Our experience today will probably be our last. Once we were seated it took 6 minutes for us to be greeted & by greeted I mean we received a drink menu & he saidhe would be back to take our drink order. My husband & I really didn't need anytime because we already knew what we wanted. It took our server at least 10 minutes to return for even just our drink order. We decided to order our food as well. Another 15 minutes go by & sure enough our food & drinks come out at exactly the same time. Let me also mention that 2 double bloody Mary's will be charged as if you ordered 4 bloodys Mary's which is a complete rip off. Our server was obviously overwhelmed as tables around us were having to flag him down as well as bussers passing by. It's really unfortunate that the service is so crappy. Especially for the money spent & how much my husband and I look forward to coming here.
It was a disappointment. My chicken dinner was just OK but not worth the large price tag. The other 4 in my party were all extremely disappointed with what they ordered. The margaritas were pretty good.
Wanted to try this place the last time I came to Vegas but then we missed our reservation time and therefore didn't get to try so we thought eh why not try it this time. And so we did. Now my parents aren't really big fan of American style restaurants like these and I think that this place didn't change their minds about it. . . First of all the service was okay...our waitress seem a little preoccupied or rather annoyed with us taking our time.....so I didn't feel like her service was all that great but it wasn't all that terrible either....I would like to think that she probably just had a long day and was really tired.....so I will let thatgo. . . Both my parents ordered the Pumpkin Soup and I didn't like pumpkin but that was the only soup they were serving so I didn't get a starter. My bf tried their Blue Corn Pancake with bbq duck....it was really meant for one serving...actually after seeing that I realized all the appetizers were made for one serving....bf said it the duck meat was overloaded with Hoisin sauce so it was pretty sweet. I didn't know that the appetizers were going to be so small because I didn't really want to eat that much so I ordered the Blue Corn Lobster Taco as an entree....turns out it was three bite sized tacos....it was good but for the price it was just not worth it.. . I ordered the Veal chop for my mom and the Green Chile  Cioppino for my dad. I guess he really didn't like the flavor because he only ate the one jumbo prawn and the scallops but not the Bass, Clams or the Mussels. He said the fish had a weird texture and the flavor was weird. My mom liked the veal chop...I tried a piece of it and it was indeed very tender and flavorful. We had a side dish of spinach - $9 dollars for a small bowl even though it was meant to be shared.....ehhh not worth it. My bf apparent enjoyed his Mango Spiced Rubbed Tuna Steak....it did look pretty good and I tried a piece of that too and I guess it was pretty good. . . The bill came out to be around 250ish plus tip....I was expecting a three digit bill however I didn't expect it to be in the 200's.....the quality and quantity of the food was just not worth that amount of money and I don't really think I would come back. I wasn't really satisfied with the food or service and quite frankly I left still hungry. My parents weren't impressed either and I think they were still hungry too but just didn't say anything to me....=/
mmmmm... No. Mesa has some decent ideas but execution is not very good in my opinion. I must be going crazy but every dish tastes the same to me here. I can't really even remember what I ordered in particular since we all passed our dishes around to get a taste, and like I said, flavors were all the same - a bit of corn/masa roasted, a dash of salsa thing, some protein grilled, some subpar here and there...
Dear Bobby,. I have been a very long-time fan of yours and I have long anticipated eating at one of your restaurants. I was thrilled to get the chance to eat at your place in Caesar's Palace. While I enjoyed very much the cactus pear margarita and the goat cheese queso fundido, I was very disappointed by our server as well as the quality of the Mesa Burger my husband and I shared. . Let me start with our server. If his presentation style was anymore negative about what WASN'T available on the menu that afternoon, we might have left had we not really wanted to try your food and been as hungry as we were. It's one thing to be out of something but it was the WAY he said it. "Just so you know and don't get your heart set on it, we are OUT of the ribs. They aren't that good anyway" was how it was presented. Hmmm. Not good. He thendescribed the Tuna "Nachos" as being more Tuna tar-tar with a side of tortilla chips and said "unless you like raw tuna, this isn't for you". Um...ok. You get the point. This guy clearly needed some training. And I won't throw him under the bus and name him here but email me if you want to know more.. As for the burger. I'll go back to our server....we ordered the burger to share and ordered it medium well. He repeated it back to us, medium well and confirmed we wanted to split the order. When the burger arrived, it was all on one plate. I figured he didn't tell the expediter or just didn't note it on the order. We wait a couple minutes and he finally appears with 2 plates and a knife for us to split the burger ourselves. Um...ok. I cut into the burger and it is rare. Ok, rare is an understatement. It was raw. Blood raw. Definitely NOT medium well like we ordered and he confirmed. So we had to flag down a waiter as ours had conveniently disappeared. He came back and said that we had told him medium rare. Um...no we didn't. We never eat anything rare and he had repeated back to us what we wanted which is why I knew he knew what we ordered and just wanted to put it on us. So a new burger came a few minutes later and while that wasn't medium well either, it was a lot better than the raw that we got initially. Unfortunately, your chefs feel the need to ridiculously overseason the burgers to the point where you can hardly taste the burger itself. And the fries? Ugh. An over-seasoned, over fried mess. There was a coating on the fries that totally took away from the potato flavor of the fries. . Quite honestly, this first visit to one of your restaurants was a huge disappointment. I expect more from someone of your caliber and while you didn't cook any of this yourself, this was a representation of your brand. I don't know if that is fair or not, but I guess if you are going to put yourself in the position of being on a pedestal by being on television, you need to hold those who are running your brand to a higher standard. If this is what your restaurants are putting out, I think that you need to spend less time at Food Network and MORE time in your restaurants.  Please read my review on Holsteins and visit their restaurant to see how to really get things done. . Thanks for reading this and I hope you will take it to heart....even though I figure you'll probably never see this and those who really should see it won't really do anything about it. Good luck...
Not beating up Mr. Flay because he is a celebrity chef, and I am definitely going to try another Flay restaurant in the future because I simply cannot believe that this is representative of how he would want our experience to go.. . (Yes, I know he is not back there cooking it himself...)  (Sure wished he was). . Anyways, the pricey burger was not cooked to temp, I think due to error by the server even though he repeated back to us "Medium Well"...which somehow when it came out turned into medium rare...which was not even "medium"...it was like red-raw-dripping cold meat.  Total turn-off.  Not the kitchens fault if the server biffed the order...but . . Once we sent it back and it came back out, it was cooked correctly, but honestly, still was not a burger to write home about.  Massively over seasoned with mostly salt from what I could tell.  Fries were also way over seasoned to the point where I really did not want finish them.. . Soooo, I have to think this was just a bad visit?  I am encouraged by the other reviews, but at least for me, the Mesa Grill was not memorable good, but rather memorable bad.  We had one other burger experience during our two-day trip to LV, and we kept comparing Holsteins at the Cosmopolitan to the Mesa Grill and it was like night and day.
The food is pretty good here. The problem that I have with this place is where its located. It's near the score boards where people bet on sports so you can here the retards pissing away their money while you eat. Kinda freaky and pedestrian.
Mr. Flay, I thoroughly respect your culinary skills but this place is an embarrassment. We were extremely excited to go to one of your restaurants for the first time but I don't think we'll be back anytime soon.. . We went for lunch and I had the barbecued ribs for an app. They tasted like something you'd find at a school's cafeteria lunch. They looked like they had been sitting under a warming light for a few hours to add insult to industry.. . Next up were the "smoked shrimp tacos." I wasn't aware smoked means charred/burnt. They lacked any remnant of palatable flavor. The two tortillas were quite generous of you.   . . The service was just as horrendous. The waiter pretty much never came by and I cleared off the table myself to make way for the food.. . Lastly, another reviewer had it right about the location inside the casino. You're sitting right by the sports betting so you can hear people screaming and cheering every now again. The biggest issue for me was the cigarette smoke. It wafts in from the casino floor and make the eating experience that much more gross.. . Suggestion: go to Gordon Ramsey's restaurant instead. Maybe Iron Chef's just shouldn't have restaurants and stick to the Food Channel.
I have to agree with Mike P's review. I'm not impressed and seeing that I have had a bit of a culinary crush on Bobby Flay for years, I was so disappointed with the end product. The wait, service, meal, the whole experience all fell short of expectations. . . Will I try another Bobby Flay restaurant? Sure, but I'll never make another attempt at Mesa Grill.
I was so excited to eat at a Bobby Flay restaurant as I always use his recipes at home and my family rants and raves how good the meals are. I dragged my husband away from our excellent accomodations at Encore to go to Ceasars just for Mesa Grill...the result...huge disappointment:( . . I agree with another Yelper when she said "The wait, service, meal, the whole experience all fell short of expectations." . . The host greeted us by staring at a computer screen, no eye contact, or smile on his face. The servers and bus boys don't get out of your way as you're walking to your table or to the restroom...instead they prioritize their walk, almost bumping into me a few times!. . I was so extremely bummed to find that the restaurant only offers a brunch menu on Sunday at 1:30pm, as we were expecting the full choices for lunch. They advertise the lunch menu outside, and it's not until you're already seated that you find brunch is your only option. There were hardly any choices at all!. . We ordered 2 appetizers, and for entrees the burger and the spice chicken salad. All the food was bland. I've honestly had better burgers at the Burger Lounge chain in LA, or dare I say even at an Applebees or Chilis restaurant. Seriously! WTF?!. . Bland, bland, bland.. . There wasn't 1 thing I would care to taste again. . . My advice: spend your $75 for a lunch for 2 elsewhere.. . Bobby...you have broken my heart! :( Please redeem yourself with some changes to your restaurant. I know you can do so much better.
I had the pleasure of eating at Mesa Grill in the Bahamas and enjoyed ever bite. The food was spectacular and the steaks were cooked and seasoned perfectly. The service was also a top notch experience. . . Now on to Vegas:. While on a mini family vacation (cheer tournament) in Vegas with my wife and kids I thought it would be great for the family to enjoy what I had the opportunity to enjoy in Bahamas. After checking yelp and calling ahead to see when Mesa closed we promptly arrived at 10:30. After hustling my kids by the questionable statues in Caesars the Romans call art. Did I also mention that we passed Nobu's and Rao's on our way to Mesa. All because I thought my family would enjoy what I fell in love with in the Bahamas.  . . After being greeted by the receptionist she politely informed me that the Resturant was closed for the night (Saturday) and all of waiters that could serve us were let go early. I asked her politely is there anyway that someone could serve us because my family and I traveled 400 miles just to eat at Mesa grill. She politely smiled and said no. At this time my family was hunger crabby and looked at me like "we should have stopped at some sub par Resturant on the strip". After walking away defeated like I just climbed Mount Rushmore with no one to greet me at the top I walked outside with my family and reviewed the hours of operation that said "Mesa grill closes at 11pm". I then walked back into the restaurant and asked again politely to someone standing by the polite hostess and they finally said OK. . . Bobby if your reading this.... I love your food that much to walk back in the same Resturant that turned away my family of five away before official closing hours. . . Thank goodness for the second hostess/ manager who seated us. In addition the food was spectacular and the service was incredible. The server saved the day for me. Just couldn't believe that the hostess was ready to turn away a $450 check.
Disappointing would be the right word. . . In my book hash is not hash unless it's crispy. And this was not. At all. . . Mush would be a better term. A slapped together, ring molded monstrosity of boiled chicken, rock hard poached egg and sad sauce. . . The chilaquiles weren't much better. Three stacked blue corn toastadas, some mozzarella and an eggy hockey puck does not a fine chilaquile make. Where's my comfort food of cotija cheese and spicy sauce soaked chips? Where's the breakfast of champions, of hungover warriors and Vegas-ites ready for a Bobby Flay throwdown meal? . . Not here apparently. The coffee was the best part.. . B-Flay you really let me down on this one.
Scallop with grits appetizer was the best thing about this meal. Service was good. Short rib was tender but dry and sauce tasted like bottled BBQ sauce not what I was hoping for from Bobby Flay. Sorbet Trio for dessert were forgettable. Probably wont go back.
I just read a five star review from a fellow vegetarian for Mesa Grill on the same day we visited. I agree with the yelper that the side corn tamale was average at best, lacked flavor, and really small for $9. Our corn bread that came out before dinner was very dry as well. What I was most dissappointed by was their lack of ability to make a change to an item on the menu.  I wanted to get the quesadillas without chicken that looked amazing and we were told they couldn't do it, that stuff was pre-made. That was a bummer. So we settled for the goat cheese fundido app and a tamale. Like i said the tamale was not so hot and the goat cheese fundido was good. At that point we cut our losses and took off and never got to the chile relleno which I kind of regret based on what other yelper said.. .  I know this place is mostly a meat type of restaurant but my wife and I love the spice and flavor Mesa brings to the table. For some reason I recall more vegetarian options at the Mesa Grill in New York or maybe they were more willing to adapt. . . Their $16 specialty margarita was just ok. Oh, and they could use some customer service training up front. Not so friendly, in a cold and indifferent kind of way. Just annoying when you see them laughing and upbeat with servers but not customers. Oh well, at least our server Arnel was nice.
A group of us travels to Vegas each year in search of old NAB friends and dining fun.  We have had many superb lunches, but this dinner fell flat.. . The appetizers were fine, which made the main courses that much more disappointing.  Our group ordered:. . The chile-crusted rabbit with a bedding of cous-cous -- the rabbit was cooked perfectly, but the natural flavor of the protein could not be discerned.  I've had a fair bit of rabbit and red squirrel in my day, and enjoy the flavors; our dining companion did not get that chance, the flavor was lost in his dish.. . Another of our group had the Mahi-Mahi and declared it well cooked but under-seasoned.  . . The third member of our table had the evening's special, the arctic char.  It was perfectly cooked with the skin crisped expertly and presented skin-up to preserve the texture.  The flavor of the protein was the star of this dish and we declared this the only success of the night.. . I had the pork tenderloin.  Eager to ease into the palate of flavors (boubon sauce, a touch of the habenero drizzle) I started with just a piece of the pork.  The rub utterly masked any porky goodness and left a sort-of spicy dirt aftertaste.  By cutting a piece of pork, ensuring a light coating of the bourbon sauce and a dash of the habenero sauce, I could "get" what the creator of the recipe had in mind.  Sadly, you could have rubbed a piece of soggy cardboard and then dipped the sauces to pretty much good effect.  Unfortunately, I wanted a wonderful protein to be the star, enhanced by some clever sauce choices.  The sweet potato tamale needed something to cut the cloying sweetness (yes, I know they're called sweet potatoes for a reason).. . This might have been a one-star event, were it not for the skilled wait and bus staff and the wonderful arctic char.  For at least these reasons, we'll be taking Mesa Grill off our dining destination rotation in the future.
For a celebrity chef restaurant I was very disappointed. From the moment we arrived our party was treated poorly. We had a large group and were told we couldn't split the  bill evenly, even though it  was clearly written on the menu: happy to split any bill up to 4 ways. Then we had to wait over an hour for our entrees. Can't say we will be returning anytime soon!
Was excited to try Mesa Grill, I enjoy watching Bobby Flay on TV and am a fan of southwestern cuisine. . . Was greeted for lunch service by a very rude hostess who told me I needed to take off my hat before she seated me. It was a dressy fedora style hat and of course I wasn't going to sit with it on. . . The attitude didn't stop there. The server got extremely short with us when we didn't order appetizers to start the meal.i ordered ham and eggs while my girlfriend had the pork sandwich. The pork was nicely seasoned but overall nothing else was really special. I ordered a coffee to finish the meal and never was offered a refill. Seriously, $4.00 for a cup of coffee. No refills.. . Based solely on the poor service and attitude at Mesa Grill, I won't be returning. It's a shame because Bobby Flay ALWAYS has a smile on TV but none of his employees could even be bothered. Go elsewhere.
With the overwhelming positive reviews, I must have just hit a bad night... but for what it's worth:. . 1.  Seating.  I'm thinking - Cheesecake Factory mass organization with no intimacy, EVERYTHING you say (or your neighbor says) is like you're at the same table with everyone one else.. . 2.  Service - no complaints.. . 3.  Appetizer - SMOKED CHICKEN + BLACK BEAN QUESADILLA * Avocado + Toasted Garlic Creme Fraiche $15. - Fantastic!  Wow.. . 4.  NEW MEXICAN SPICE RUBBED PORK TENDERLOIN * Bourbon - Ancho Chile Sauce Sweet Potato Tamale - + Crushed Pecan Butter $36.  My meal.  Meat - no flavor.  Tender, but nothing special.  The sauces were ok.  The Tamale was DRY - disappointing.  Not anywhere near worth $36.. but the plate looked good.. . 5.  GRILLED LAMB PORTERHOUSE CHOPS * -Blackberry - Cascabel Barbecue Sauce + Collard Greens with Smoked Chiles $44.  My dining companions meal.  Blah.  Had a taste and was glad I ordered my boring pork tenderloin.  Collard Greens were nothing special.. . 6.  There was a side corn dish.  $10 fantastic.. . I wish we had ordered two quesadillas and two orders of corn and called it good.. . It was a Monday night - I was surprised it was so slow there that we walked right in and sat down.  Maybe I know why now.  With a $7 and a $14 bottle of beer... the $140 pre-tip was NOT money well spent.   At those prices... Bobby doesn't get a second chance... I had a steak at a mexican place in the MGM a couple of years ago that blew my socks off... I think I'll go back there tonight.
We tried Mesa Grill for lunch on a weekday. There were only a few groups dining, so we were seated quickly. Our server knew the menu well and had recommendations, the service was very good.. . We both had the Mesa burger and fries. The burger itself was cooked perfectly. I did not care for the horseradish mustard that it came with, it was overly spicy. The burger was very large and a little awkward to eat. Even cut in half it was hard to bite into it without everything falling out. It was an average burger. I did not care for the fries at all. They had  a spicy little kick to them which I really enjoyed, but the fries were very crispy, not soft at all. I only had a few of them, it was more like eating potato chips.. . Overall the service was good, but the food was nothing special. Being a big fan of Bobby Flay's I've heard him speak of this restaurant many times so I was excited to go there, but I won't be back.
Went for lunch and sorely disappointed.  The scallop salad had disjointed flavors - the salad dressing was smoky and under-salted while the scallops were barely seasoned enough (~$22).  The pork sandwich had a kick of spice but the meat was a tad too chewy (~$18).  The swordfish sandwich was absolutely forgettable (~$18).  If I had to choose my 'favorite' part of my meal, I'd choose the fries that came w/ the sandwiches.  The fries were crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside, and had a unique blend of seasoning on the outside.. . Other important info: located next to sportsbook, great service, mediocre food that is priced too high, latin/western/american theme?! (as experienced inmusic, upholstery theme, and general decor).
Went for dinner last night, ordered the bone in rib eye, was OK however, the side dishes are certainly something you should pass on, had the asparagus, 5 strips of asparagus, seriously? $12 bucks for 5 asparagus smothered with cheese, the twice baked potato was a joke, overcooked and dry spinach was so so.. . Service was OK, this place used to be about the food, now I think its all about the money, so many better choices out there.. . Dear Bobby, please visit your restaurant and taste the food for yourself.. . yes the bread basket is good if you like olive loafand Jalapenos in your bread, we didn't
Let's just say we had high expectations and were seriously let down. I've heard the dinner there is great but we decided to go on a Sunday for lunch. Unfortunately the menu posted at the door was very misleading. Both a brunch and lunch menu were posted. So we assumed both were being offered. Since the lunch menu looked very appetizing we decided to stay and enjoy. . . However, once we were sat it was revealed to us that Mesa Grill was ONLY serving brunch (it was 2:00 PM) and would not offer us lunch. WHAT?!?! No exceptions! Since they would not budge on this rule we found it to be very rude. Especially since we were willing to pay. Needless to say we were very disappointed, 3:00 pm was only 40 minutes away for them to serve lunch. . . The only good thing out of the meal were the margarita peach and pear cactus drinks and goat cheese queso fundido dip (though the chips were VERY stale). On top of everything else I selected the Blue Corn Crusted Halibut only to be told later that they were totally out of the fish. They must have had a slamming breakfast to be totally out. I ended up ordering the Eggs + Aged Striploin Tortilla, thinking it would be just as good. I was wrong, the order came out VERY cold with very little taste. I couldn't hardly eat 1/2 of my dish and honestly the only plate that was halfway appetizing out of the 3 of us at our table was the Lamb Cobb Salad, which you could barely screw up since it was a salad.. . I must say Bobby Flay - if this was my restaurant I would pay special attention to menu times being offered for lunch & brunch as well as food being offered on the menu versus what's being delivered out of the kitchen. The chefs were not on their "A" game and the food was not what we expected. Honestly I would have had better quality at the breakfast buffet at the casino.
I dined at the bar during my stay here at Caesar's. I had to wait for just a few minutes for a seat to open.I got their white peach margarita to start. The margarita was made strong and well. I couldn't taste the white peach but it was very good nonetheless.. . I ordered my appetizer and entree based on the recommendation of the bartender. The blue corn pancake with duck for appetizer and the ancho chile honey glazed salmon for entree. The blue corn pancake was more like a crepe which paired perfectly with the BBQ duck. This dish was very good! . . The salmon was cooked well but unfortunately it was too salty to eat. The first few bites were delicious - smokey flavors with a sweetness - but once I was working towards the middle of the filet, it became just salt. Then I found a big bone in my salmon as well. I left the rest of the fish untouched - at this point, it was inedible.. . I rarely send back a plate and I did not send it back this time either. The bartender noticed and asked so I told him what was wrong with the dish. He offered the kitchen to remake it for me, which I appreciated, but it was late and I was already thrown off by the dish.. . I was disappointed by my experience with the entree at Mesa. I wished it was edible.
I ate there for lunch and when I ordered the burger it came in five minutes.   On the way out saw the cook warming some pre cooked burgers on the grill.  If I wanted a pre cooked burger I could of just gone to McDonalds and it wouldn't have cost me 16 bucks,  I expected better.
My experience started out really nice. The restaurant is beautiful and has a great feel to it. Great service at first, tortilla soup was delicious. As the night went on it felt like our waiter was forgetting about us. The service got really slow and we waited nearly an hour for our entrees. I had the lobster tacos and they were delicious. I tasted the grilled chicken and it was not good at all. For dessert we had the blueberry cobbler with ice cream. The ice cream was melted and it just all around wasn't very good. . . We were there for over 2 hours not by our own choice. Some food was great some was not so good but ultimately the service is what ruined it for me, especially since it started off strong. I probably wouldn't come back.
Very disappointing! There are a lot (and I do mean A LOT) of excellent places to eat in Vegas for the similar price. The food was mediocre at best. Not worth the price. The shrimp appetizer was the only good thing we had.
