Didn't care for the Mirage, which is really disappointing because I was really looking forward to staying here. Against the advice of a friend that had stayed here before, I booked 4 nights in connecting rooms for my husband and I and my brother in law. . The walk from the front door to the casino was insane. I have never experienced anything like that. It's quite a pain in the ass when you are tired and just want to go to your room and having to walk completely through the entire busy as hell casino and dodge drunken people in the process. Every hotel in Vegas I have ever stayed at had some walk to the room, but the Mirage is in a league all it's own. I wouldn't stay here again based on that alone, but there are a few more things that I didn't like.. The resort fee was too high in my opinion, but I have never had to pay a resort fee before so it could have been right. Wireless internet is included with the fee which is good, but they forgot to tell me that is was very, very slow and would be near impossible to use. . The rooms were bland, but I liked the mini bar and used it. The bed was comfy enough, but the pillows felt worn. The thermostat never worked the entire time we were there, but thank goodness it was January so it didn't get too uncomfortable in our room.. All in all, it was an ok stay, but I wouldn't stay here again even if I get some free room comps next time.
Not so great.  The deluxe room is 2 queen beds with a big tv and plain bath/shower.  The tub had several chips in the porcelain (how does that happen?).  The pillows and bedding are pretty good but I still felt like I needed to check for bed bugs.
The Mirage is OK but this review is more about their gym, or lack thereof.. . How can you have a resort hotel this size, with massive conference facilities, and have a gym that's so tiny?  The gym consists of 6 treadmills, 5 stairclimbers, and 5 cross trainers.  And 2 of the machines were broken.. . And there was a line out the door.  Sooooo lame!
Beware  the Resort charge that no one mentions until you see it on your bill at check out! Just what is this for? Especially considering that to use the weight room there is another $25 charge and the cardio room is small with a few although nice machines. Booked through price-line and thought I was getting a good deal but with the $20 a day extra charge,I would have booked another hotel for the same $.. Mirage is a decent Hotel that has certainly seen it's glory days. The rooms are showing some wear and the hotel in general is OK but certainly not a 3 or 4 star property any longer. The front desk was efficient and 1 out of 2 desk persons was friendly as well.. Food and beverage was decent at Carnegie deli and good at Stacks. Stacks maybe a hidden gem for Vegas food and cocktails. . Surf
The WIFI is NOT free, and is slow. You have to pay for a RESORT Fee when you first check in, which covers use of the "business room" including a fax machine and copier, and the slow wifi. About 20 bucks extra a day. . Surprise! Welcome to the Mirage..... . There are no bellhops to help you lug your luggage in, and I think they cut back on windex because there were handprints all over the glass doors. Barfy, when you first get there. Then when you check in, make sure they don't hit you with the resort fees.. . The room is trendy and comfortable, but beware of the minibar. My snickers cost me 4 dollars! Also, the TV turns up to about 100 level volume every time you turn it on, so even if you turn it all the way down, be ready. . . I say skip this resort and go elsewhere. Stay somewhere that is newer and trendy. This place is past its prime.
VERY OVER RATED!   SLOW check in, SNOW ticket pick up, POOL closed at 4 and 5PM on a weekend.  Charges for in room frig and internet.  Many other extra fees.  OVERPRICED  Beatles LOVE Show was a great show with high ratings.  VALET Service does get 5 stars.  Would never go back to this hotel due to choices nearby.
2.75 stars for quality lack and overdue renovations.. . Co--worker arrived early and was told room would not be ready until 3pm for check-in, staff's inability to accommodate was rather shocking.. . Unacceptable room assignment - requested upper floor for quietness, still somehow managed to be assigned next door to room of drunk males clearly there for leisure. Co-worker experienced same issue on a separate floor, nearly a security concern.. . Room furniture requires updating. In two recent visits, desk chair upholstery was peeling and other furniture visibly chipped. Conversely, bathrooms are done well, as is overall lighting.. . Front desk seems under-staffed and can be rather inefficient, with lines unmanageably long due to long processing times per guest. Front desk area often appears chaotic and cluttered as a result of staff struggling to service guests efficiently.. . Bellhop is inconsistent and understaffed at peak times, needs improvement.. . Casino carpet is a complete disaster...causes near tripping in several places due to lack of evenness, as if carpet was simply thrown over poorly built flooring.
ATTENTION LADIES: if you are coming to Las Vegas for a girls' trip with more than 2 people to a room do NOT book here. The bathrooms are painfully TINY! Virtually impossible to fit all hair and makeup needs. The room itself is nice with plenty of drawer and closet space. I was just shocked at how tiny the bathroom is. The toilet is right in your face as soon as you open the door. My recommendation if you have a few girls to a room is Planet Hollywood (double vanities on separate sides of the bathroom!).
It took us 1.5 hours to get our rooms. My friend had arrived earlier and got confirmation on our 2 connecting rooms. She was even shown on the map where they were so it was frustrating to have to wait for that to get sorted out when we checked in 1 hour later. Before we even got to our rooms, we'd realized that they were not "close" to the elevator as requested. "Close" isn't at the end of the hall. While we waited for the bellboy to get our luggage to be transferred to another set of rooms, a family opened the door to one of our rooms. They were rather fast in giving away our rooms.. . When we got to the new set of rooms, we found out that they weren't connected. The front desk checked and said, "Oh, you're right, they're not connected." Finally, we were given 2 connecting rooms close to the elevator. The front desk informed us that she had to take those away from someone else. Well, in fact, those turned out to the original rooms promised to us about 2.5 hours ago. . . When we came back that evening, we found that they had left a bottle of champagne in each of the rooms. Also, they comped us the first night which was the most expensive. Nonetheless, it was a pain to lose time when we had so much packed into each night. We didn't get to eat dinner together because we had to split up to pick up tickets here and there. . . The $20/night resort fee is supposed to cover morning papers (YOU pick them up at the front desk or at the store), wireless (can get really slow), bathrobes, printing of boarding passes...when I requested the bathrobes, they brought up ONE per room. We had 2 people per room so I suppose they expected us to share. . . We didn't use any of the cleaning service and instead, we swapped dirty towels for clean ones ourselves. One of the cleaning person, a man, was so rude when I asked for toilet paper. He just ignored me and when I asked again, he said, "No." . . I still like the pool because there weren't any pool parties. When I go to the pool, I like to relax instead of fighting for a spot to lie down or be exposed to loud club music. On one of our last days, there was an "accident" so everyone had to evacuate the pool while they cleaned and removed the evidence. . . Going to the Wynn was such a contrast. The noise on the casino floor was pretty irritating at the Mirage and I'm sure that's the same pretty much everywhere else. I have to say that I'm glad we stayed at the Mirage this time because it was pretty central to everywhere we wanted to go to and we got to see Criss Angel on one of our late night visit to BLT.. . I don't know about the $5 taxi ride everywhere because we got long hauled everywhere we went. It was annoying and I did report a couple of them to the taxi authority. Not only did they long hauled us, a couple gave us attitude. I really hate the taxi drivers there.
Caveat: CONVENTION SPACE REVIEW. . As a resort/casino, a place to play, eat, and see shows? 4-star, enjoyable. It's a solid place for that.. . This review, however, is based on my experience while at the Mario Barth's Biggest Tattoo Show on Earth held at the Mirage over the weekend. (Ooooh, another caveat: THIS IS NOT A SHOW REVIEW.). . *****. . Still with me? OK, here's the short and sweet:. . So, (a) you have the Terry Fator theater close by, with some concessions, a business area, etc. Add to this that (b) the convention center is hosting a tattoo convention, a service that is -  what, 75%+ the time? - a cash transaction.... . And you have no ATMs close by. Not close to the theater. Not close to the concessions. Not close to the box office. You have to go all the way out to the LOVE! theater to find an ATM. Worse yet, (c) your convention staff didn't know that. If there was anything closer, no one I know or talked to could find it or point it out. #vendingfail. . I hopped on the locals' special and signed up ahead of time to get free tickets. Without pre-registration, it cost locals $10. Overall, no biggie. But then, at the door, not only did no one check my ticket until I practically forced it under her nose, she didn't give me or my friend any sort of wrist band. Why is this important? While they do offer hand stamps for exit and re-entry (see aforementioned ATM fail), I was still hassled a couple times by Mirage security about not having a wrist band and why couldn't I produce my ticket? Thankfully I had the email confirmation on my phone and ID to correspond to the email.. . $6 beers and $12 cocktails? Really? Even in a casino on the strip that's a bit ludicrous, especially because I am not sitting somewhere being served and/or offered food, etc.. . Loved the show, generally like the Mirage, but the convention setup, handling, conveniences (and lack thereof)? Meh, truly disappointed; I've had better.
The Mirage used to be very nice up until 15 years ago, now it is like a has-been model who is refusing to accept age and throws tantrums in the process. . Where to start with this comedy? . 1- We had 2 for 1 buffet deal when we made the reservation but upon checking in they would not honor their own promo code which WAS valid. . 2- When we got to our room we discovered it already had been rented to a baby cockroach who was happily napping on one of the pillows. The bed sheets had holes! On that day I was suffering from a pulled knee ligament and could not walk long distances. My wife called the manager who asked us to move to another room on another floor all the while stating that our existing key will work for that room!! Should have known better because me and my bum knee found out the hard way that it would not open the door to the room she asked us to move to. Meanwhile my wife had to go to the lobby to see the manager to straighten things out.. The last insult was the in-room refrigerator. It has a sensor that tells it if you had the nerve to place a beverage or food item of your own in it and therefore it is going to charge you for that facility. Yes, you read this right.. For all of these ridiculous non-sense they offered to refund us their mandatory $22 resort fee. Never again.
My boyfriend's parents stayed here when we were in Vegas for Thanksgiving (their tradition, not mine...yet) and I really didn't like it.  First of all, getting to their hotel room felt like the longest trek in the world.  The hotel elevators are way on the other side of the casino and then their room was at the end of the mile long hallway.  Whoa.  . . Second, who decorated these rooms? It was so ugly I couldn't even handle it.  Oh man.  . . Third, the casino isn't that great.  We would mostly take the tram back to Treasure Island to play the slots there or my boyfriend would go across the street to play craps somewhere a bit cheaper.  I saw nothing redeeming about this hotel.  I didn't actually sleep here myself but we spent enough time there for me to know I didn't like it.
I have stayed in a few Vegas resorts and this current trip, I was less than enamored with Mirage.  The check in process was slow and unorganized, the room decent but nothing to write home about (aged and needs some basic maintenance), the restaurants pricey and decent but not great, and the kicker.....gambling here is a drag.  I have become a recent fan of Planet Hollywood and some other casinos on the southern part of the strip due to personable dealers, reasonable rates, and service.  My experiences playing the tables at Mirage have yielded slow to no drink service, dealers with no personality and, if you have rewards points, it takes forever for them to take and process your card compared to other casinos.  All-in-all this hotel & casino experience is in a 1-2 range and that is after getting a promotional and smoking deal on the room rate.  I would rather pay a higher room rate and stay at Wynn, Palazzo, Venetian, PH, or Aria and there are numerous places I would rather gamble.
Un-hip clientele.  Bar staff that are rude as hell.  Not even a good center bar to hang out at.  Why was I here all of Friday night?  I'm not really sure... oh yeah, cheap tickets to their nightclub.  All I know is I left Mirage thinking I'd only be back there to see Beatles LOVE again.  This place is so weak.
A nice hotel, rooms are nice.  However, if you want coffee in your room in the morning,. you will have to go downstairs and pay $3.50 a cup.  . There is a $20 a night amenities fee you pay even though you never used any of their facilities ie. workout room, etc.  . If you eat there, the buffet is really good but is $24.95.  . Nothing in Vegas is free anymore.  No bar shows, nothing. . They have really tightened the belt so bring lots of money.. I won't be staying at any of the big hotels again unless they change their policies.. Hope this helps.
First time at the Mirage and it was alot better than I thought it would be. . The only real fault I found with this place were the food options were super limited. There wasn't a great variety and everything was way pricey. Planet Hollywood is still the better option in my opion. They have a ton of food/drink locations with comparable rooms at a nearly identical price. Mirage was good, but there are better on the strip.
We recently stayed at The Mirage.  The room was ok.  Unlike a recent poster...the WI-FI was NOT free.  In addition, our television broke on our second night.  We called the front desk who said they would send a "repairman".  At approximately midnight there was a knock on the door from "maintenance".  . . In addition, after my shower I realized there was no hair dryer.  We were in a hurry so I had to leave with wet hair.. . When we check out we alerted the front desk to our issues.  The girls was very defensive - and did not appear to make any note of the broken television or lack of hair dryer.  So, if you book a room there, avoid room 10190!!!!. . The pool needs to have a better system of screening who enters the pool area.  Two  non-guests entered the pool area, changed there  clothes in the restroom and used the pool including the towels.  They had driven in for the day and meet others at the pool.  Not cool since we paid a fee on our hotel bill to use the pool ($15 access charge).
The lines for the shows were amazingly long and a real turn off.  This is a major hotel and entertainment venue and quite frankly they could do better.  There were many times while at The Mirage that it appeared they could use more staff and help.
I only came here to see the Siegfried and Roy exhibit but as I was standing in line to buy my ticket someone leaving the exhibit unhappy said that there were only a few tigers out. I assume it was because of the high wind. I wonder if they were going to tell me that at the ticket office???
Absolutely average average average. . Small motel rooms, smallmotel bathrooms, small motel tub/shower with 5'6" shower heads. . They throw a $25. "resort fee" on top of the room price. Why not just charge $25. more for your room? . . Buy your $200. Cirque du Soleil tickets online and have the pleasure of the hotel forcing you to wait for 30 minutes in a jammed line to actually get your tickets. . 21st century and idiots are paying $200./ticket then waiting in line again to get the tickets. Ridiculous. . On an up note, Cirque du Soleil, The Beatles, Love is a really wonderful show. Probably the best in Las Vegas now. Too bad The Mirage treats its ticket holders so poorly.. . Stay anywhere else but see Love if you see any show at all. Well worth it
The greatest component of this hotel is something that is taken for granted while cruising the strip on foot. The air conditioning. It's truly amazing. I mean, we had never been to this hotel and wanted to check it out to say we've been to all the big casinos/hotels on the strip. Their greatest asset? A/C. We had been walking for what felt like an hour, in the heat, uphill both ways! When we opened the doors to enter the casino, the A/C hit us like a fat kid hits the taco truck! it was bliss. . . Right when we walk in the door, wearing shorts, t shirts and flip flops, we start to walk past the "club" they have there. Dude in a suit is so hard up for guests at said club he's like "Will you two be joining us tonight at club Mario Barth?" Let's dissect this for a moment, shall we. If it's a real club, you can't even wait in line with shorts and flips on, let alone get in the bitch! Second, who the hell is Mario Barth?? Need I continue here?. . No joke, this casino sucks! we spent about an hour cruising around, waiting for it to get good or get almost good but it's tired, it's old and it's just meh. Meh is something you settle for in Reno or Tahoe, not Vegas!!!!. . My words of advice. Don't bother.
It's over and I'm not going to miss you Mirage. This was my fifth and final stay. There are just too many resorts on the strip begging for business that will provide better service for their customers.. . I expect toilet paper, soap, a shower with a functional drain and a working iron when I check into a room at a strip resort. I didn't get that this time at the Mirage. Not only did the iron leak brown fluid all over my shirt, the ironing board was all bent up as if it had been in a fight.. . Anyone can have a bad day so I called housekeeping and was assured someone would be right up to make things right. Six hours later I still had no toilet paper, no soap, a clogged drain, a leaking iron and wobbly ironing board. Riding the elevator down to the casino just to use the restrooms is not fun.. . "I'm sorry we didn't meet your expectations" isn't enough. Apologies from management are like youknowwhats; everyone has one. Why bother thanking me for bringing the issues to your attention? I shouldn't be doing your job. No discount for my troubles? No upgrade? See ya!. . The Mirage has changed. It is now like the once beautiful stripper who is still working on her feet. She has aged. Get past the palm trees, the flowers and volcano and she has ten times the pancake on her face and is now slingng plates at Denny's.
So far this review is based on the check in experience - awful. First there's no automatic door or doorman, so drag your stuff in as best you can. Then the front desk -- Very Understaffed. Instead of a single line you get to play "line roulette" and guess which line might move -- mine doesn't because the rep is "waiting for her guest" who has disappeared. No one else to be helped in this line. (I wish I was someone's guest...). . They offered me the choice to pay more to get a room or wait for a text and come wait in line again (!). I need to run one business call today. The Business Center offers me a quiet corner for $60/hour. What exactly is it that my daily resort fee does for me again?. . No one who cares about customers manages this place. My advice: Go somewhere that appreciates your business.. . --------------. . OK, update: I'm going from 1 to 2 stars. The room is nice. It's a middle aged property, not too bad. Everything is overpriced (think $14 hamburgers and $8 beers) but that's probably typical. The restaurants like to keep a line going so they delay seating you even with many open tables. Overall it wasn't terrible.. . Yet to me First Impressions and Service are important. If the manager has never gone through the experience of arriving and checking in to his/her own property and doesn't try to make it the best it can be then I know there are other properties where I will be valued more as a customer. For example I have had great experiences at the Venetian and more recently at Rio.
Mirage is mirage.. . This is my second time staying at this resort.. . Room is spacious & also kept clean.. Good bed & clean bathrooms. . No idea how they clean the glasses.. . This time there was a resort fees of $25/- & I could never get into their wifi. But still I have to pay them. Maybe next time for using their elevators & doors I will have to pay a touching fees ( dont know what else they come up with). . The most interesting was their mini bar. You have 40 seconds to check any item. Basically you check it & did not keep it back within the 40th second a fee is charged according to the weight. But you wont be uncharged if u keep it back at the 41st second. wow....Mirage is testing eveyones knowledge of counting.. . So BEWARE...Ding DIng Ding.....charged credit card.. . Final Verdict:-. . As there are so many resorts I might try some others next time I go. May never go back to Mirage. Too many choices so no panic button.. . Have a wonderful time in Vegas.
Very disappointed.  No pillow cases on any of the pillows.  It took 7 hrs. for housekeeping to correct the problem.  I received a call from housekeeping at 3am about a refrigerator I didn't request.  We are still waitingfor the sewing kit we asked for.   Poor service, not clean, and long lines.  We may not be back.
I still have a soft spot in my heart for the mirage but it's only a shadow of its former self. The pool is great though.
I make it a point to not stay on the strip when I book a room in Vegas.  The hotels are too big, too full of tourists in warm-up suits, and generally too corporate.  I was having dinner accross the street so I decided to spend the night on the strip.  I searched on-line for a room and got what I thought was a good deal at the Mirage.  Upon arrival, however, I was informed that there was a $25 mandatory resort fee tacked on to the price.  This was a 28% increase in the price I was quoted.  When I asked what the fee was for I was given a card listing "complementary internet service".  If i have to pay $25 how is it complementary?  Needless to say, I didn't use the interenet service.  I have a phone that can do that.  Nor did I use any of the other "resort" services listed.  Next time I'll go back to my standing rule and avoid the strip.  It's a rip.
Recently went to the Mirage Buffet. Was disappointed. Much of the food was sitting around much too long, i.e. the roast pork, brisket, mashed potatoes. I was not happy that you could not order pasta to order.  The desserts were fine. The selection of entrees was not too great. Prime rib was ok.  The ribs were very good.
Best part of the hotel is definitely the location. Pool is beautiful, but can get crowded even in October! Enjoyed the volcano show outside.. Enjoyed having Starbucks and California Pizza Kitchen in the hotel. Walgreen's is across the street, next to The Venetian.. . It's the usual big hotel with no warmth. The room was clean. Great shower, but the tub has rust and poor caulking (a shame for the price they charge each room). Wifi connection is pathetic. There is a resort fee $25+tax daily charge that basically covers wifi (did I mention poor connection!), business office and  pool use.  These are usually amenities included at other hotels!!!. . Front desk and concierge definitely NOT warm or hospitable. We found the housekeeping and luggage assistance staff way more helpful!. Now that we have learned to use the bus route on the strip, we won't stay here again. $8 bus ticket for 24 hour pass -- good for any of the busses!
I probably wouldn't go back to the Mirage unless it was free. The smell of...coconuts? is disturbing, the machines on the casino floor are old with very little variety, and the staff was not very friendly (the exception was the meeting area where the staff are lovely). I stayed during the summer in gazillion degree heat, and the air conditioners weren't working very well. It is also miserable to get anywhere from the Mirage. If you walk, you have to walk around a bunch of other properties and cannot go in a straight line. if you take a cab you will pay a fortune, because traffic near the Mirage does not move. Ever. And your cab fare just keeps clicking, clicking, clicking, up near 30.00. The room was nice enough (but LOUD), so I didn't feel like I could go all the way down to one star. However, there are just too many better places to stay than to go to this place ever again.
Pros:  excellent room service food, great bed, good, strong shower, quick helpful valet, prompt service.. . Cons: room had insufficient light, ac barely worked set at 60, tv broke twice, mini bar broke and beeped, plugs loose and unusable, maids turned up ac so room hot when returned, only 3 towels provided, maids forgot to restock shampoo, no shelf space in bathroom, long wait for check in and not one bench, gift shop inaccessible for dsabled, restaurants closed early with no notice, buffet said brunch but I was treated like crazy for wanting a waffle, "it's lunch".. . Try somewhere else.
Came here to gamble. It was ok. They must only cater heavily to high rollers since it was insanely hard to get a free drink. I must've sat there for 3 hours w/o a simple "cocktails?" from a waitress. . . Another downside is their rewards system isn't with total rewards, which almost all of vegas carries now. . . The environment has improved slightly, but still seem like a scene from the 80s.  Hopefully they will do a remodeling job soon. . . Not sure if i would stop by to gamble, but the buffet wasn't too bad i suppose..
Back in the day of the early 90s when the Mirage first opened its doors, it was definitely considered one of the best hotels/casinos on the strip! I remember going there the first year it opened and watching Siegfried and RoyBut over the past 2 decades it has definitely declined in its overall quality! . . First of all, the casino/hotel definitely needs to remodel all the game play tables! They seem pretty worn out and the lighting in the casino is surprisingly a little too dim for me! I prefer bright lighting when I'm gambling my money whether I am winning or losing!. . Second of all, when I come to Vegas I expect to be spoiling myself because Vegas in itself is a vacation getaway and it doesn't come cheap! The rooms are at a pretty cheap price and sometimes I am even offered free stay, but the interior design of the rooms are pretty old and cheap. The walls are so thin that you can hear everything happening ANYWHERE near your room  (conversations, other peoples tv sets, other guests bathroom, drunk people at 3am) . The bedding is hard and scratchy. My biggest pet peeve about the rooms are the bathrooms. I seriously do not think they have remodeled them since the 90s! The toilet system is pretty terrible in which it flushes fast but the water tank loudly continues for 5 straight minutes.  . . I WARN YOU **DO NOT ORDER ROOM SERVICE UNLESS YOU'RE DRUNK TO THE POINT OF NOT BEING ABLE TO WALK** The room service is extremely overpriced (as is most room service meals in Vegas Hotels) but the quality of the food is definitely NOT WORTH THE PRICE you must pay! The restaurants and bars in the Mirage are not too great. . . The last time we stayed here back in april of 2012 we were sadly sadly let down to the point where I know I will never be staying here again even if I do continue to get free stays. We decided to stay because I got a special discount of $39 a night even on a weekend. We arrived mid afternoon to the hotel and went straight to the front desk to check-in, after a 15-20 minute wait (which is usually normal in any vegas hotel)  we finally got to check in, I guess the girl checking us in was relatively new because she had to ask her co-worker for step by step instructions on how to check us in. After 10 minutes we finally got our keys and walked up to the room, guess what? She gave us the wrong keys! They weren't psyched to our room!! We had to go back down to the front desk and get keys that actually worked. After a 2 night stay upon check out I overlooked the bill and it looked fine but when I checked my credit card statement they charged us twice for the same bill which then led me to call the Mirage and my credit card company to get it sorted out. I'm sorry but I just don't think the prices are worth the customer service, bad room conditions, old decor, and worn out gambling areas.
The doors are super thin, which if you are a light sleeper makes it difficult with 24/7 ambient noise.
Room Cleanliness D-. Valet Parking C-. Resort Charge F. Bathroom Cleanliness D-. Location B-. Front Desk C. . Overall this hotel was built in 1989, the updates that they have attempted to do are done in poor quality and taste. Unfortunately I rank this place a D+ overall.
The location of the Mirage is very good.  The casino and public areas did not appeal to me.  Dark, drab, and depressing.  The front desk girl was not friendly, or welcoming.  The gift shop had poor selection, and so over priced.. 25.00 per day resort fee...what a bunch of nonsense.  Since the pools were closed, what are you paying for? . The room was functional and large.  However I wanted a fridge, and a cd player.  . The room was clean and housekeeping was attentive.  The TV kept going out, with no signal.  . I liked the Starbucks, and Rhumbar-the happy hour Rum Punch not to be missed.  BLT burger was overpriced, cold food with little taste.  Since the rest of the restaurants overlooked the dingy casino, I didn't want to eat at any of them.  . The gym was clean, and well stocked with good service.  I guess this covered the resort fee.  I think next time, I will try another hotel.  Liked Caesars and Bellagio.. Did I mention they encourage you not to check out, at the front desk.  Of course they charged me for the honor bar.  I sent a email complaint on Monday, 4 days later still no response.
The Mirage hotel was fine six weeks ago when I stayed there. What was not finewas the charge on my debit card a MONTH after I left for someone else's services at the Mirage Spa.  How did they get my number?  Oh, when you go there for services they keep your debit card information on file permanently.  Does this not make sense to anyone else???Did they correct it? Yes.  Did it take five days to be placed back in my account? Yes.  Did they blame that on my bank? Yes.  Well guess what, my bank wouldn't have held your refund if you didn't have my card information on file at your spa without telling me.  . . Am I the only one who thinks it's completely screwed up to keep your guests card information on file at the SPA???  You should tell your customers if you do that, and offer them an option to opt out.  What am I going to do- go crazy and trash your salon?  Why do you need to hold cards of people at a location where the majority of people visit maybe once a year?    . . I stayed here my first trip to Vegas 12 years ago and have good memories, but I won't stay here again based on the fact that you do this and don't tell people, that your manager avoided my call for half the day, and that your accounting department processed then refunded my transaction instead of cancelling it like I requested when there was still time to process it as a void and cancel it.  . . So yeah, maybe Vegas doesn't need customer service to get business, but if it keeps me and everyone I know from staying there, or losing a dime there, I've done something right.  Because you cost me stupid time on the phone with the bank, cancelling my card, waiting for a new card, and then calling your hotel getting passed around. All this would have been avoided if you handled it correctly the first time.
This a letter I sent to Management:. . I was greatly disappointed with the way I was treated on a recent stay at your hotel. My. wife planned my 60th birthday celebration for me at the Mirage Hotel six months in. advance. We made specific request and were assured that you could accommodate. us.. We requested: Penthouse Suite, Best view of the Strip, No Smoking and close to. elevators.. Upon check-in, the Penthouse had a poor view of the strip (mostly highway) and was far. from elevator. We returned to the registration counter and requested another room with. the same criteria we were promised. We were assigned another Penthouse, however. upon entering the suite we were overpowered by the stench of cigarette smoke, clearly. not what we wanted. We once again returned to the registration and explained our. disappointment. We were assigned our third penthouse suite which had a view of the. strip but not a good one. (E-061) The suite could not have been further from the. elevators.. Buy this time I was very upset and quite frankly, tired of dealing with your staff. I. accepted the accommodations with contempt. I knew you were no where near full. occupancy, you could have done better.. I brought with me 40 other people all staying at the Mirage Hotel because of me. I. would have thought you would have treated me with more class and respect.. We have stayed at the Mirage in the past, however, I seriously doubt that you or any of. your sister hotels will be a part of my future.. Very Disappointed, former patron,
You don't get much for your player card status at Mirage . Wi-Fi Internet access in the hotel room is terrible; which you are paying for with a resort fee.
THIS REVIEW IS STRICTLY FOR THE CASINO:. . Came here to gamble with some friends.  We joined their players club and played on some slots.  One of the things I noticed was the crappy service from the cocktail waitresses.  They would pass you on by without even asking if you needed something.  But when you finally did flag someone down, they would take your order and never come back!!  It was really frustrating.  I waited a good 20 minutes or so and I finally realized she wasn't coming back with my drink.  I finally gave up and realized the only drink I was going to get was the one that was sitting in my hotel room.  . . Slots seemed pretty tight here too.  Kept putting money in, with little to no return.  . . Don't think I will be back.
M LIFE COMP SUCKS!!!!  . . Now the hotel is actually a great place to stay! The problem I have with this place is the casino and the lack of comp credits you are given! This mostly applies to table games or when you eat at any of the restaurants within the premises. Somethings I noticed is that when you sit a table and you present your players card the dealer will take your card and hold onto it instead of notifying the Pit Boss of an incoming player. The dealer also doesn't announce when you are changing in a few hundred dollars for chips unlike a lot of other casino's. In my opinion the whole M-Life comp system just seems like one big scam! I realize that all of these comps are scams only to get you to play, but when a company like MGM will purposely single out players who aren't to their standards and someone like myself is only changing a couple of hundred isn't good enough for them to get me comped, then this place can go and kiss my a@*!!! Going forward, I will just play with companies like Boyd Gaming since they are generous with their comps. While some of the rooms may not be as nice, but seriously who goes to Vegas for a room unless you are a whale and get a suite. The purpose of your visit is to gamble, eat at some of the best restaurants, hit the clubs and watch a show if anything.
Been staying here since Steve Wynn built it.  Always been my fav.. . Gotta say, out last visit in May, wasn't too happy.  Staff is getting a little grumpy especially bartenders at Sportsbook Bar.   . . Our room! Oh, our room.  We got back to our room late so went to bed kinda in the dark.  Got up the next morning to discover our sheets looked someone drove a truck across them.  We called to complain (3times).   NEVER once did we get a return call, or even have anyone who even cared.  THAT'S not the a mirage I knew.. . Love the pool, and Stack is still one of my Vegas faves.. . But come on Mirage, lets show some customer  service,  and start hiring casino hosts who aren't complete dicks!
The hotel is very dated. Some of the dealers are super rude! The taxi line attendant was very rude. Won't stay there again!
Customer service is very disappointing.  Expected a little more from Mirage.  Probably will not stay again.  Room request completely ignored.  Drink service on gaming floor was non existant even after talking with supervisor to get someone over to our area. An hour past with no drink server.  Ridiculous, this was on a Monday.  Had my reservation jacked up and had me checking out a day before I was supposed to.  Just not what I expected from an upscale Hotel & Casino.  Overall, not that good of an experience.  Guest service needs some serious improvement.
Wow, what happened to this place? Used to be a class act, but now its sort of dirty.  Machines malfunction, bars are sloppy kept.  Staff is decent but not overly professional.  There are better places to stay and play.
The Mirage used to have one of the best casinos on the Las Vegas Strip.  They offered great games and plenty of tables.  Now, however, they offer mostly sucker bets that cater to dumb tourists.. Most depressing is how most of the blackjack at Mirage is no longer full pay, 3:2.  Instead Mirage is now peddling sucker blackjack that only pays 6:5.  If you bet $10 and get a blackjack, you're supposed to get paid $15 (3 to 2), not $12 (6 to 5)!  By reducing the payout at their blackjack tables, the house advantages goes up by over $300%! . MGM properties used to offer high quality rooms and a great gamble.   Now they're turninginto tourist traps full of sucker bets.  The casinos now cater to dumb tourist who don't understand what they're playing.. Stay away from 6:5 blackjack!!  It's for losers.
The location of the hotel is great. Besides the location is overall very old. They have not done any renovations since 2005. It's an average hotel with not much to do inside besides the casino. For the price I paid here next time I'm sure I'll get a much newer and nicer place to stay. You really don't get the Vegas action you need.. . Recommended for people over 50.
Horrible first impression. Waiting in the lobby for our two bedroom suite to be finished cleaning while everyone else is checking in so easily. It's been almost 2 hours. My party is tired and exhausted. To get my room key will be the 3rd time I've had to wait in the check in line. . . Sorry Mirage but you have left a bad taste in my mouth and my first impression of this hotel is bad. Even after the check in time, you shouldn't make guests wait no longer then an hour for their room to be ready.  . . I normally stay at the Venetian/Palazzo which offers excellent customer service and  never had to wait for my room to be "ready". In fact, of the 10+ years of my numerous Vegas visits to other hotels had I had to wait so long for a room. . . Edit: after much complaining to the front desk. they finally offered another room after two and a half hours later. Their excuse? Our room was still getting cleaned and they are going to give us another room that they were holding for one of their VIP guests. . . It was disappointing because this was my birthday weekend for my big 30! My party and I wanted to watch the Boys to Men concert, but by the time we finally got to our room we were exhausted and missed it! . . After speaking to about 5 different different people at the front desk, it was clear to see that they need to train some of their staff better with customer service. One of them was extremely rude to my sister, an Asian guy with a shaved head. I wish I took his name down. He was an ass to us. . . Besides all the drama, I absolutely love our two bedroom suite and the view it has to offer, therefore I'm giving the Mirage two stars.
Probably not itching to book at the Mirage again. . . The main issue I had was the room smelled when I checked-in. The source of the smell was from the restroom- it smelled like dirty gym socks that had been placed in a juicer. I called the front desk to get this issue addressed- the phone operator seemed a bit unapologetic about this nuisance. After saying she would have someone look into the issue, an hour had passed and no one had come to the room. I called the front desk again and a different rep had an entirely different tone than the first employee- she apologized for the inconvenience and was able to waive our resort fees. Although the defogging (basically making the room smell good again) meant we had to stay out of the room for two hours, it was worth it (then again, to distract time, we ended up gambling = losing).. . The response time of the TV was painfully slow. Channel surfing was at a crawl. The only other inconvenience of the weekend was the tram connecting Mirage to Treasure Island was down for a brief period and it was when we were needing it on our walk home from a long night out.. . A plus of the hotel is that I got a room overlooking the pool and the dolphin exhibit. those dolphins are so smart!
I have been using yelp for awhile now but this is the first I've reviewed. I hate that it's for a bad experience! After the long and tiring second day we were there, I came back to the hotel room so looking forward to munching on the 12 (yes 12 lol) to-go crab we brought back from earlier that day, only to find that housekeeping had thrown the bag away. We had to drive outside of the strip to that restaurant again to order some more. It was late and an inconvenience we really didn't want to deal with. That wasn't the only bag they threw out. Another one had chips, beef jerky, clean cups and napkins, snacks, whole avocados for the kids, etc., which were clearly NOT trash.  Both were set on the table neatly and we actually even cleaned up the room before we called housekeeping! The girl at the front desk offered a food n beverage credit, which barely covered for the food itself. I was quite upset btw but she was really nice so I didn't want to make things difficult for her. And then, there was an issue with our bill so that wasn't the end of it. The other 2 people and a manager I spoke to after, weren't very apologetic. They credited back the amount they shouldn't have even charged in the beginning and made it seem like they were solving all my issues and doing me a favor. They made me feel like I was wasting their time when it's actually the reverse. They also emailed me the bill without the actual bill folio attached so I had to request for it (normally not even an issue but I was thoroughly annoyed already arg!) We stayed at Mirage because there was a 1 night comped offer and location was good for the kids. I would have rather paid to not have to go through this.
The Mirage charges $30 extra PER DAY to guarantee an early check in,  non-smoking room or a King bed. . . We arrived at 2 PM. Check in time is 3PM, we were told our room wouldn't be ready for 2-3 hours because it hadn't been cleaned. I don't mind waiting until the regular check in time, but having to wait longer than that is not good customer service. When my sister arrived at 5PM, 2 hours after the 3PM start of check in, she was told she would have to wait 2-3 hours longer because her room hadn't been cleaned. So she couldn't check in until 8PM. . . PERHAPS THE MIRAGE NEEDS TO HIRE MORE HOUSEKEEPING STAFF! . . The room was nice and larger than the typical room. We paid extra for a larger room on the 25th floor though. The bed was comfortable, the room was relatively quiet. We didn't hear noise from the hall, but we could hear noise from the Strip 25 floors below, through the windows. Every time the volcano blew the windows rattled. . . Our bathroom was larger than average, with nice soaps and amenities. The shower was terrible. VERY low water pressure and you couldn't direct the shower head which was aimed very high. I'm 5'8" and it hit me in the face.. . The casino is dark and stinky. . . We ate at the Brazilian restaurant in the casino and the food was very good. . . All in all, I'd much rather spend a few bucks more for a nicer experience at a better hotel that has enough housekeeping staff and a brighter casino with a better ventilation system.
Appena si arriva nella hall la prima cosa che risalta all'occhio e la fila di persone in attesa per il check in: un cordoncino a serpente con almeno 30 persone in fila. I motivi sono due: poco personale e stanze non disponibili.. Quest'ultima e la cosa peggiore che ci si puo aspettare di trovare! Nel mio caso, arrivati in albergo a mezzogiorno, dopo aver effettuato quasi 20 minuti di fila ci viene detto che la camera che avevamo prenotato da ben 2 mesi non era disponibile perche la dovevano ancora pulire e non si sapeva quando sarebbe stata pronta. Dopo circa due ore di attesa un giro per il casino dell'hotel e altri 30 minuti di fila, mi viene di nuovo detto che la camera non era ancora disponibile ma che nel frattempo mi davano le chiavi elettroniche cosi che quando avrebbero saputo quale stanza darmi mi sarebbe arrivato un sms senza dover fare nuovamente la fila, non senza aver preso 200$ dalla mia carta di credito come cauzione.. Alle 6 di sera ormai spazientito torno al bell desk e, dopo una furiosa chiacchierata mi danno finalmente la stanza.. Salito in camera la prima cosa che ho notato e stata la sporcizia: polvere sui mobili, moquette sporca, pezzetti di carta a terra... E meno male che dovevano pulirla!. Nella stanza c'e anche un bellissimo frigo bar stracolmo di cose di ogni tipo su cui campeggia un avviso: quello che viene rimosso (diciamo sollevato) anche per pochi secondi viene considerato acquistato dal sistema elettronico e quindi vi verra scalato dal conto della cauzione.. La stanza, situata nell'area nord dell'edificio, risulta molto rumorosa perche al piano terra ci sono i motori dei condizionatori che fanno un rumore infernale e danno fastidio anche se ci si trova 15 piani piu sopra.. Esperienza non proprio positiva, mi aspettavo di meglio.
Came here and stayed here for one night on a weekend trip.  The rooms are definitely a lot nicer with the renovation.. Having said that I will NEVER EVER play here or step foot in this casino again.. The dealers were rude and curt with you. I was accused of lying when the dealer had clearly made a mistake.  She looked at me like I was a criminal rather than a guest at the hotel. The pit bosses were a little better but they didn't seem to have any power over the dealers.  The cocktail waitresses were also rude and just downright unpleasant.  . Giving them 2 stars is being extremely generous as I value service and atmosphere when I am at a casino/hotel.  The only reason I gave them two stars is because the rooms were a decent upgrade from what they were before.. If you want a decent room but really bad service then mirage might be an option for you.
We upgraded upon arrival.  They gave us a suite with cum stained furniture and non- workable TVs.  The Mirage used to be my go to place but now will stay away until they clean up there act.  Customer service was next to non existent.  Management is not watching or don't care anymore. To bad cause it used to be a great Vegas stop. But that is now just a memory.
WARNING : Do not give letters to your bell desk to mail out.  During my stay, I sent 4 letters by handing them to the bell desk and none of them were received by the recipient.. . UPDATE : I contacted Mirage about the lost letters and they have not responded.. . -- RESORT ROOM REVIEW --. Stayed at their standard Resort Room.. . You can tell it's remodeled but it's done nicely.  The unit looks nice with the new curtains, carpets, headboard, lighting, but the build of the hotel itself is not so great.  I can hear everyone walking by the room from the bed and I can hear other people's showers.  Not recommended for light sleepers.. . The lights in the bathroom weren't coming on so I had to reset the circuit button.. . There was some stain on the magazine in the room (pictured).  I left it out for the cleaning lady to see, but she didn't catch it.  It's not a big deal, but these small imperfections are what makes me feel the room is not clean.. . The checkout process was painful.  None of the buttons on my remote worked to checkout so I had to call.  When I called, they couldn't find me in the record that I stayed so I stayed on the line for about 20 mins toeventually be sent to VIP desk to be able to checkout.. . Comes with a fully stocked fridge.  There is a soda machine that gives you a bottle of Dasani water for $3.. . Internet was already priced into the resort fee they charge(~$28/day) and worked well.. . Their staffs' very friendly!  I called the front desk twice and they were very patient and helpful.. . -- CASINO REVIEW --. Their volcano show was surprisingly good.  The videos you've seen don't do justice.  I love the water and jungle theme which you can enjoy as you lose your money to slots.
It was a nice hotel but the service sucked. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. Loved the free wi fi. The view was amazing. But all that to have bad service was not really worth it. Then be warned. They add a resort fee per person on the room. And the put a 200.00 hold on your card just in case you spend money on your room account. The casino was ok but the service there was nil. A waitress ran by with a drink tray yelling 'drinks' but never stopped to see if we needed anything. I had more fun at Ceasars and the Bellagio. The volcano show was pretty cool to watch.
I came here for my honeymoon and stayed two days. I was really excited to stay here, since I love the ambience and the restaurants and shows in the hotel. However, the room wasn't that nice, definitely not worth the price we paid. The front desk even said they upgraded me and my husband to a nicer room since we were on our honeymoon, and what we got was a boring, plain room with TWO queen beds. What are we going to do with two queen beds? I had specifically asked for a king in my reservation, and this is an upgrade?. . We had a lot of leftovers from dinner, and even though there was a fridge in our room, we weren't allowed to put anything in (if you take any of the drinks or snacks out of the fridge, even if you don't use it and put them back, you get charged). They couldn't provide us with a fridge, nor could we rent a microwave, so we were stuck eating cold food that had been out all night. I've been to Travelodges that had fridges or microwaves, if not included than at least you could rent them. . . Worst of all, I checked out on my phone, which I thought would be more convenient. I was never emailed a copy of my receipt. I have called at least FIVE TIMES and emailed TWICE in the last month asking for my receipt so I can see why I was charged $90. No one responded to either of my emails, and I was on hold 20-40 minutes each time before hanging up. I will not be staying at The Mirage ever again, and I go to Vegas quite often. How difficult is it to get a copy of your receipt?!? It's been over a month!
