The tag line for this show is "If you see only one show in Vegas, see this!".  I think I would reword it to "If you miss only one show in Vegas, miss this!".. . Yes, the setting is intimate and performers are up close.  To me it was like watching a good movie interrupted by stupid commercials.  I am all for a bit of vulgarity and fun but the vulgarity went on and on and on and on.  The actual performers were good, not spectacular but enjoyable.  I actually felt embarrassed for them having to be part of this debacle.. . The co-host Penny screamed so much into her mic that it was impossible to understand her.  The constant rehash of junior high school "potty mouth" jokes by the host was boring and in between acts I was reminded constantly that I was getting NBS (Numb Butt Syndrome) from the rickety wood chairs.. . It would have been good to have had some sort of story line around Absinthe (the drink) and the opening 'green' balancing act had my expectations up.  Alas, it ended up like being at a county fair circus act.I half expected elephants and seals to come plodding down the aisle!. . At $10-$15 a watered down drink in a small plastic cup, I could not drink enough to make this show remotely funny.  Sure there were a few chuckles but that was it.. . The only act I didn't like was the balloon.  If you like watching a slightly overweight busty girl in a thong with pasties jump around inside a six foot balloon to a mediocre soundtrack then knock yourself out.. . Luckily the show is fairly short.  If you go, don't sit in the front row unless you want to be in the show.  Don't buy the VIP tickets because all you seem to get for the money is a crappy little table to set your drinks on and a bit more elbow room.  Be sure you get a really good discount on the tickets because dollar for dollar, there are much better shows on the strip.
This show is definitely overrated.  It is nothing like a Cirque show, which was the comparison I got from everyone.  It is definitely more of a comedy/acrobatic act, with a lot of sexual innuendo. . . Some of the jokes were funny, but they were all sexual and racist, nothing creative or new.  The guy's assistant Penny is adorable how she acts and the way she talks. . . Overall the show wasn't anything special, most of the acts you can see at PH Variety Show.  The seating was very uncomfortable and tight.  The tent was decorated well to the theme, but I still wouldn't recommend this show.  Didn't think it was worth $80.
For the life of me, i cannot figure out where all these rave reviews are coming from (seeded, maybe?). To be sure, the acrobatic performers are 5-star all the way! But everything else is just beyond awful. The seats are uncomfortable, the tent freezing, the drinks terrible. But the all time WORST is the "Gazillionaire" emcee and his annoying side-kick, Penny. Blue humor is great when done cleverly (South Park!), this was just unbelievably stupid and after about 2 minutes, annoying. Even at the Tix4Tonite price seeing the great performers didn't make sitting through the rest of the crap worth it.
Show was absolutely great! But, yes BIG BUT!!!! They had the AIR Conditioning BLARING THE ENTIRE SHOW!!!!! So uncomfortable...... Everyone was complaining about it the ushers looked at our row with all our coats on and kept it moving!! HORRIBLE!
We just saw this show Friday night.  I was told it was an "adult show".  Which is great, hell we are in Vegas! If you go to this show, go drunk. That is about the only way you will find it funny.  Plus the seating is horrible, you can hardly move because you are so close to each other.  Very uncomfortable!!! The host was ok, somewhat funny.  However, the girl that comes out with him just ruins the whole show!  I couldn't understand half of what she was saying, and what I could understand was just stupid.  The only reason I am giving this show 2 stars is because of the two men and their act.  It was amazing.  The other acts are very good as well!  This show would be great if they got rid of the host, his sidekick and the singing girls.  The only reason we went to this show was because of all the great review it got.  Now I wish we would of picked a different show.  We did see Carrot Top and he was great.  I was even not sure about his show due to all the bad reviews he got, but he was the best show we saw in Vegas this time around.  So it made up for going to this show!  I usually dont write reviews but I had to for this one, just so people could save their money and see a show worth seeing.   This show is not worth the money at the price we paid we could of paid a few more dollars and seen a Cirque du soleil show!  Man I really wish we would!!!
So, I don't get it. Everyone said we would love Absinthe. They said it was dirty and funny and I like dirty and funny. But the thing is that is just wasn't.  Wasn't THAT dirty. And wasn't THAT funny. I also saw that there were no bad seats. But there were. We got same day tix and ended up in the 8th row behind a couple who decided to keep their heads on each other's shoulders the whole time.  The seats were level with the row in front of us, so it was not good viewing.  It was hard to see when things on the stage weren't raised up. . . I recognize that many of the performers were quite talented. I really enjoyed the tightrope walkers. But there wasn't anything to string the show together and many of the jokes just fell flat for me. . . I've seen this show compared with Zumanity, which we also saw and liked better. Not loved. But liked better. At least it was prettier to look at and we could see better. . . I think that the (new) prices are part of the issue for me. We paid 75 for our seats through Tix4Tonite and I could not seem to find a better price than that. I paid 60 for Love tix through Summer of Cirque and there is just no way that Absinthe was a better show than Love. . . I like dirty, but just dropping the f bomb isn't interesting. Louie CK--dirty and funny. Absinthe. Not.
Meh, . . Not a bad show, worth the money if you get the twenty dollar off coupons. The acrobatics were amazing, the women and men are very nice to look at.. . The stage is nice because it is small and in the center and the last seat can't be more then 30 feet away. . . The reason I am giving it two stars is because it is comical, but a lot of racial slurs and gay jokes. Also a lot of sex jokes which I don't mind, but some were just tedious. There is  review on 9/22 that gave it one star that tells more. . . Biggest thing that bothered me was here is all this inappropriateness on stage and people half naked doing back flips and we were cheering and were sitting in the back row and were told to keep it down by one of the employees because it distracts the performers. There were other ways of saying it and everyone else was making noises, so I am not sure why it was a big deal . My sister and I were dressed up very nice from a dinner and i just felt like it was a very low-class way of dealing with a situation like that. Also we weren't sitting in the back hooting and hollering, it was one loud scream we let out.
I've done pretty much every show in Vegas and I thought Absinthe was totally lacking in the already disappointing category of Vegas Cirque. The emcees were vulgar for vulgarity's sake, which I love and think works in small doses, but these guys just. kept. beating. the. horse.. . Otherwise, it's in a big tent outside of Ceasars, so I suggest wear a coat. And unless you purchased VIP seating, you're on a fold-out chair on the ground, which means your view may or may not be spectacular depending on your height.. . Towards the end, the lack of applause/laughter started to actually get to some of the hosts, and their humanity began to show. So I'm giving this place 2 stars because... well... I think they tried?
Overrated, overhyped. Penny was initially funny with her Nazi and Portland jokes, but she becomes insanely annoying and tiresome and just unnecessarily vulgar with her sex jokes. Very few people seemed to find her funny. The acrobatic acts were impressive, although less so if you've already seen any Cirque du Soleil shows. For humor, the show should have done more of their parody ballet acts instead of letting Penny talk. Somebody should shoot her in the face.
This show is WAY overrated in my opinion.  I know it is Vegas, but they don't need to make the entire dialogue sexually oriented.  It feels a bit juvenile after a while.
Took my son for his 21st Birthday and thought he would want to see a topless cabaret show (classic Vegas). I goggled "best topless show in Vegas" and saw the reviews for Absinthe. This was far from topless, they wear pasties and there seemed to be more half naked men on stage than woman. The main characters were funny though.
