After multiple visits, I've come to realize: don't believe the hype.. .  The food and service is really hit or miss. The sushi is OK, but not the freshest or tastiest fish at all. The service went from "Meh" the first time to terrible on my last visit. Our server could not place orders correctly, and only half our food came out. When we brought up the issues to another server, after much deliberation, silence, and more waiting, our sushi chef sent us home with the rolls he made for us that we never ordered or wanted. . . If you are going, and want some sashimi order the seafood salad, $10 isn't too bad.
Yama had the same feel as sushimon spacewise, which was very small and crammed in. I found their selection of rolls to be lacking. It seemed like most of their sushis were either dripping with eel sauce or it's very spicy. . The fish they used for their sushi tasted and looked fresh, so that was a plus. The service was great, but there was a little chaos with seating customers. They need some kind of system to know which people to seat first. . Although it was very busy when me and and my family came, the wait wasn't too bad.  . I expected a lot from this place and sadly, I left unimpressed.
As I am drafting this review, I have already been waiting 30 minutes for our order. The sushi is average (thus the 2 stars), but the sushi chefs need to get out their orders according to when they were placed.. . Granted we did have a large party, our rolls still should not have taken 45+ minutes to prepare - mind you this was the same amount of time a table came AFTER us, ate, paid and left before our waiter even said something about our order. Obviously the chef was not placing the orders in chronological order, or he looked at our order of 3 rolls and 10 sushi nigiri and thought, "f*ck it" and then stuck it in a corner praying that it would go away. Either case - not cool.. . The staff seemed apologetic enough, however they should have checked up on us sooner. When they did eventually check up on us they asked (with a puzzled look), "you still haven't gotten your sushi?"  Well, thank you, Captain Obvious.  Who else would have brought them to us and then quickly took our empty plates away? Definitely not the sushi chef. . . Anyway, the sun of the beach roll was very good and in the end we ended up getting all our rolls, so I added an extra star for delayed effort.
Last visit here will probably be my last for awhile. I ordered some tamago nigiri and you know what they served me?. . Tamago. No rice. No nori. How is that a nigiri sushi?!. . Disappointment.
For the longest time me and a friend have planned to have sushi together and finally one day after months of waiting we made it official at Yama Sushi. She loves Yama Sushi, but unfortunately I can't say the same. I've been to Yama one time previously, but the visit was mediocre and easily forgotten. My latest visit was certainly disappointing. . . Yama's prices for AYCE is a little cheaper than most places in vegas at $20/lunch and $23/dinner. If you're not ordering AYCE then you should expect most rolls to cost you anywhere from $3 (vegetable roll) to $14. . . Lets talk about the grubbb. I ordered three different nigiri which were salmon, tuna, and yellow tail. All three each were fat slices of dry fish and smelled fishy. The tuna was especially rubbery and I am ashamed to say I had to drench it in soy sauce to finish it. However the rolls were decent, maybe because of the sauces hiding the poor quality fish. My "I love salmon roll" had a good portion brown avocado, but I guess what can you do it is AYCE. The rolls off the special menu (the rolls with sexual names i.e man whore) were very presentable. If I were to visit again I would definitely skip the nigiri and go for the special menu items. Desserts are AYCE as well, not limited to one like other places. AYCE mochi ice cream yay, but for some odd reason my plum ice cream was really foamy.. . Now to the quirky service.. . Short version: quirky and confusing servers. Long wait time, forgot orders, payment problems and miscommunication.  . . Brace yourself for story time. . . My waitress that day was all sorts of weird. When my missing party members came she asked them what they wanted to drink, but in a rude tone. Uh... okay maybe thats her natural tone. Next was the ordering issues. I tell her about 5 things that I would like to order (2 orders of salmon, tuna, yellow tail nigiri, 1 seaweed salad, and a I Love Salmon roll) and then she moves onto the next person, but wait she then tells me I can only order two items at a time. What the.. okay maybe they want to protect me from wasting food. So she then ask me if I want my nigiri first or my roll. I tell her I want my nigiri first and she confirms it with me, alright cool. My first order was my roll, what the heck, thats no problem since I still wanted the roll.. but why even bother asking me if you're not going to follow through. My friend whom ordered halibut nigiri and a roll did not get his order for atleast 15 minutes, and when it came, it was just the roll. He confirmed with her if his nigiri was still coming and she checks with the chef, "it will be just a moment".  It never comes, he gives up, and just orders something else. My other friend did not receive his cucumber roll for at least another 10 minutes after my second order. When it came time to paying we split the check, one with two AYCE (mine) and the other with two AYCE and one drink. We specifically pointed to the credit card that is getting the two AYCE and a drink. For some reason they charged me two AYCE and two drinks, not a big price difference or anything... but what the heck, we POINTED out which card. . . Argggh horrible service is a real killer for me, perhaps their staff were all newbies that day, all I know is they need to get it together.
I'm a huge fan of sushi, especially joints that offer AYCE. I was excited to try this place as it gets good enough reviews and quite a few of my friends love it. Unfortunately, I can't join them in their enthusiasm for this particular sushi restaurant.. . Being a sushi enthusiast and just plain hungry, I was excited when we were finally seated [about a 40 minute wait for three people for lunch]. I looked over their rolls and the rest of their AYCE sushi offerings. Five minutes later, someone finally came to take our drink order. The drinks arrived pretty quickly, but after that, it was just a whole bunch of waiting for our server to actually approach us. . . Needless to say, once the waitress finally approached us, I told her what I wanted for my first round of ordering and my fellow diners follow suit. It's not until we finished ordering that she tells us it's only two items per person at a time. WHAT?!?! Blasphemy. First, she should have informed us after I clearly ordered more than two things, or at least before letting the other two diners order. Secondly, what kind of BS is that? I should be able to order what I want, when I want. . . The wait for the foods was pretty bad too. I understand a little bit of a delay sometimes, when the restaurant is super busy - but it was just too much of a wait here. I think I spent more time waiting, than actually eating - especially with the two at a time BS. Not to mention the fact that our waitress forgot about a couple of orders [which ironically worked out for the best as I didn't really want to eat anymore of their sub-par food]. . . As for the quality of the fish - it was mediocre. The fish on the nigiri [tuna & yellowtail] smelled a little bit and were dry. The only reason I was able to eat my orders was because I drowned the fish in the leftover sauce from the seafood salad. The pieces of unagi they gave me were small, and all I could basically taste was the eel sauce. I did enjoy a couple of the rolls I ordered, especially one called No Name. They have an unlimited amount on desserts, but not a very huge selection. Just a few different flavors of ice cream & mochi. . . All in all, I wouldn't go back. Poor fish quality, long waits, & bad service is not something I would pay 20 plus dollars for. I'll stick to my usual sushi spots instead.
We were visiting Las Vegas for the first time and wanted an AYCE sushi restaurant to go to one night. I searched the web (and Yelp!) and d died on Yama Sushi due to the write ups. . We arrive on a Tuesday night about 7:00 to a full restaurant, but we were the next to be seated so there wasn't really a line. The food was good (not great)  and the server didn't really explain how the AYCE worked so wehad to ask multiple questions to find out what I think should have been explained clearly on the menu - or by the wait staff. We were full when we left and the price was right .... I don't really have an issue with the quality of the food for the price.. Here's the reason for the 2 stars. The table that we were given was just inside the front door - for 4 people. This table DOES NOT belong in this space and looked like it was placed there only to get more customers into the store. My wife's chair (and others in our party) was bumped many times as the other customers and the wait staff tried to manuever around her. This is absolutely unacceptable. The guy who seats you looked like he had better things to do than to be serving customers and his attitude showed clearly in the way he treated the customers. Anyway, foods good, but I hope Yama Sushi reads this and remives that 4 top table from the front door.
Yelper Elnino F. and I came for noms and left disappointed. . . APPETIZERS-. Soft Shell Crab- big, good and very crisp panko breading.. Sashimi Salad- spicy and tangy. very generously big portion of mixed fish- mostly tuna, salmon though. Saba- grilled saba was pretty decent. . ROLLS- . No Name- recommended and popular. I ordered a half and the guy gave me a whole roll. I wouldn't have minded if it was good, but it was sauce flavor and not much else. It had just one piece of tempura surrounded by too much rice,soy paper, thin slice of fish outside and a lot of sweet sauce, mayo and crunchies. There wasn't a marriage of flavor here with the ingredients- just sauce and rice.. .  I dared to get no more rolls but tried a few pieces of Elnino's and the rolls were just about the sauce. All rolls are cali, spicy tuna, tempura based or mayo scallop and I was hoping for more fish based rolls. . . NIGIRI- . Yellowtail- it was okay and not as fresh/flavorful as I hoped. Albacore- this was seriously fucking disgusting. It was mushy and fell apart in my mouth. WTF? I've had some mediocre pieces in AYCE but this fish was seriously mishandled in defrosting to get such a bad mouth feel.. Mackerel-  This was fine and good so I ordered a bunch of this.. Salmon- this was alright as far as salmon goes. . Eel- good, but that's pretty standard eel from a package so how can you screw up?. . They slice the fish big, but the rice was also big. It wasn't proportional ratios of rice to fish on most orders.  I do not like that everything was presliced as that also affects the texture of fish if it isn't used right away. The rice was warm as it should, but too warm that some of the more delicate fish become warm with it and doesn't make for the optimal flavor or mouthfeel of what nigiri is- firm,cool fish marrying with a lightly warm, fluffy rice. . . Service was decent. The servers were on the refills of drinks and our server was nice and made suggestions at the beginning to let us know that's popular. We were checked on and asked several times if they can put any appetizer orders. The sushi men were busy but orders came out in a reasonable amount of time. A few things were forgotten, but probably good since the rice was filling and I was ordering like I would at any other joint. One thing that bothered me as we were sitting and waiting on our first order, I was talking to Elnino about my favorite sushi spot and the sushi guy chimed in how it  is no good and defended how theirs is way better. That bothered me as they weren't asked to be in the convo and most importantly it didn't deliver competitively on the freshness and fair rice ratio. . . I was thinking hard about the rating, but this is definitely a place I won't return to. The albacore was the worst I've ever had and I can't shake off how unappetizing it was to continue after that piece. I like to have variety but I was put off and stuck to mackerel as it was the only thing I knew was good. . . I had this on my "Must Try" based on some rave reviews from Yelper friends but I looked back and I see that most of those were from over a year ago. Something must have changed. Yes the price people keep talking about, but seriously $22.95 isn't really that much of a price discount from most $26.95 places that for the $4 are much better. This place was packed but it was mostly roll type people and college kids. There isn't a good AYCE nearby as competition either. . . I'm with Anna S.- don't believe the hype!
Another mediocre sushi place.. . It was pretty crowded when we went, so we had to split into two parties to make seating easlier.. . Everything I had there was just... okay. I didn't really expect anything that great, since we were pretty far inland and in the Nevada desert.. . You da ma too! (spicy tuna w/ salmon and spicy mayo) - underwhelming. Salmon nigiri - not fresh. Alaskan salmon roll - pretty skimpy. . Points for having unusual (sometimes suggestive) names for special rolls.
I'm giving 2 stars because the wait staff was quite incompetent which ruined the dining experience.  The wait staff insisted that they take our order by memory (we had the all you can eat option).  Of course, only parts of our order would arrive everytime because the waiter inevitably forgot our fairly lengthy order.. . Overall, food was pretty good.
Bleh what a disappointment on my return visit 6 months later!  FIrst of all - the all you can eat deal used to include the Uni, and Toro, as well as a few other special items - now - you can order only 1 per person.  Secondly - when I was there on Tuesday Sept 6th - they were out of everything! No toro, no uni, no whole hamachi.  What a waste of a meal!  It was not worth it without these items... I feel deceived! I will not return.
First off, I don't appreciate how every person in the staff except the host has an attitude. I mean these people looked as if they were upset to work today. . . Besides the rude staff, this restaurant is small. Very tiny! It get crowded very easy and then you're stuck numbing elbows and unwantingly eavesdropping on other peoples convos.. . The food was ok! Some of the cooked sushi rolls were over cooked and basically burnt. One of the people in my party even found black hair in her food and they acted as if she planted it there and she's a blonde!!. . Overall, the all u can eat specials are cheap and a portion of the food is good, but, after this experience I will never eat here again! Yuck!
I really wanted to like this place because other people swear by it, but all you can eat sushi is a bit suspicious when there's so much spicy tuna and crazy sauces on the menu ... I really wonder about the quality of the fish here.  It's easy to hide not-so-great fish in spiciness and funky sauces. And the couple of rolls that were supposed to have fresh fish instead of the typical spicy tuna mush -- The fish really lacked any flavor.  It wasn't rancid, but it definitely wasn't the freshest fish.. . The rolls were fun but not fantastic -- There's nothing here that makes me say "Holy sashimi, I HAVE to go back there again!"  The price for all you can eat was pretty cheap, but I'd rather throw down a few extra $$$ and get some real quality fish.
I wanted to like this place, I really did, but here's why I didn't. . The rolls I had were smothered in what I call flare (sauces, mayo, garnish, etc.). The nigiri was sloppy and also has flair. Way too many people here that wandered over from the strip. However, $25 all you can eat? (awesome) You better believe I ate myself stupid! . The mochi ice cream kicks a$$!
My Recommendation: Wet Dream Roll. . The price for all you can eat is really cheap, and surprisingly, the sushi is still good! But I have to knock them down for the terrible service. My friend and I sat at the bar and was trying to yell out orders to the chef, but he ignored us for the longest time. The other customers sitting next to us at the bar noticed it as well and even joked with my friend and me about it. I honestly was beginning to think the chef didn't speak English haha. Eventually, he decided to recognize our existence and gave us our Dragon Rolls, etc. He never said a word to us, besides repeating our order back to make sure he was correct. Never even cracked a smile. This guy was a straight robot!.....but he made bomb sushi haha. Another disappointment was that they were out of ice cream. That's one of my favorite parts about getting sushi. Finishing it off with a nice scoop of Plum ice cream. . If I was rating this place just for food, they'd probably get 4 stars, but since it's based off of the entire experience, Yama Sushi can thank their "amazing" customer service and stocked inventory for the solid 2 stars it just earned from me.
Maybe I had a bad day here. I always enjoy Yama everytime I come to Vegas but the last visit has made me never want to come back here ever again. Don't get me wrong, the food here is great and you can't beat $20 for all you can eat  for lunch. Came here with two other friends on our first day in Vegas. . . We were really excited to have our friends try this place since I always rave about it so much. We started off with two orders of palm jobs and a few cut rolls. During the course of our meal, we also ordered the Hamachi Kama which is yellow tail collar. What came out from the kitchen was not that at all. The fish was dry and tasteless. My friend who also works at a japanese restaurant pointed it out that it was in fact not the collar cut that they had given us but in fact the part of the tail which explained why the fish was so dry. Other than that everything else was really good. Absolutely loved the spicy seafood salad! Make sure you try at least one and remember limit one per person! . . Definitely make good use of it and try everything. I love how Yama lets you order a half roll instead of a full giving you more options to try a little bit of everything.. . But like I said food was great, however service was utterly terrible. The hispanic looking girl we had serve us must've had a really bad day. From the moment she came to our table to the end of our meal she never failed to have a frown on her face. I can put up with bad service or slow servers, but this girl was flat out rude. We had a really sweet asian girl help us for most of our meal hence the 2 stars since our server was rarely ever at our table to help us. Towards the end of our meal we ordered ice cream to finish off. Our b*tchy waitress also happen to be the one who brought it out. She barely made it to our table before she tossed the bowls at us and walked away. I was so appalled that I literally grabbed for the check and took back our tip and left her with merely change. She didn't even have the decency to place the bowl on the table but rather yet threw it at us like we were dogs. . . Overall:. *1 star for the amazing food. *1 star for the sweet asian server. *Management should really look into retraining the server we had
Sushimon is greater than Yama sushi.. . Service sucks - waitress = rude. Tuna (Sakutuna from Walmart) sucks. Dining area sucks. . Although it is the cheapest AYCE dinner sushi in Vegas, you get what you pay for. Their hamachi was decent so that's why i gave this place 2 stars. I ordered uni first, it was not until the 4th time I ordered they told me they ran out... Spend the extra 2 dollars and headway somewhere else.
My friends from Los Angeles always want to go to this place. Surprisingly, me being a Las Vegas'ian,I haven't tired this place until just recently. Great location: near the strip, and UNLV campus with plenty of parking. This place was really packed when I went. Their staff was very attentive. However, their fish does not taste very fresh (I know, I know, its the middle of the desert right?), not only having not so tasty fish, I felt that every roll was just covered in spicy mayo. Don't get me wrong. I LOVVVVEEEE SPICY MAYO, and I welcome it on most rolls. But at Yama, every roll tasted the same due to the overwhelming taste of spicy mayo. So eating there I was left with two choices. Try and ignore the fishy taste of the real sushi, or fill myself up with mayo rolls . From now on I will make the extra drive over to Oyishi for AYCE.
Quality of the sushi is generally good (Nobu it's not).  However, the Uni I had gave me food poisoning.  It looked old when I was served it and I still stupidly ate it.  Any sushi chef that serves a questionable product should cause everyone to think about eating there.
I use to come here every other week because the food tasted  great and loved their service.. . Recently went there and everything went down the drain. Our server rarely comes and check up on us. I always find a piece of hair on my sushi. I don't know if it's just bad luck but that's very gross. I've experienced this twice already. Once I saw this foil wrapper still there on the fish sushi i ordered. When I told the server, she just gave me this look like someone have said the same thing before look. . . Overall this place is alright.
The only reason this place even gets a second star is for the soy paper hand roll I had and loved!! Ok so lets start at the beginning, my friend raved about this place so I went with her one day, the wait wasn't long but once we got inside I instantly got nauseous, they sat us in the corner at the bar and as if the place wasn't small enough already they have tons of seats stuffed together, I was fighting for space between the wall and the family at the table behind me... Now maybe I caught them on a bad day but when we walked in it smelled like burnt tempura and after ordering a couple rolls I wasn't impressed, then I order a soy paper hand roll and my friend orders a baked roll. After about 15 min I have finished my hand roll and my friend is still waiting for her baked roll which we can smell burning in the oven in front of us... Now they changed shifts and no one knows her baked roll is in the oven until we ask for a new one . When he pulls out the baked roll it was literally incinerated which was expected seeing as it was in there about 20 min by the time it was taken out... Nothing I repeat nothing smells worse then burnt sushi, it smelled like what I would expect a dead body to smell like... Not only was the food under par but the service was horrible, the waitress couldn't even get close to us due to the crowdedness so I felt like I was yelling at her and I never once got a refill on my drink. Needless to say I will never go back... One other problem I had was if I'm paying $25 for Japanesse food I would like authentic sushi made by a Japanese person... It was the sushi version of a Panda Express!!
Never Coming Back.. . Honestly, as sushi, it wasn't that great.  I really don't know if 1/2 of the people reviewing about this restaurant have eaten a lot of sushi before but it just wasn't that good, for the price.  I left feeling that I have had better sushi in Vegas.   This is just the food, which was about a 3 to be honest.  The real deal breaker for me was the service.. . 1.  Usually servers come around to ask if we need anything (at least ask if we needed more water).  We got NONE of that.  Sure they were busy, but we were in there for about an hour and got nothing besides the initial questions when we were seated.. . 2.  The Chefs were arrogant and rude (even though we did tip them upfront).  They didn't acknowledge our presence.  When we ordered, they rarely gave us a response and didn't know stuff was heard until it came.  Not even a nod or a grunt.  I understand work is work and they may be busy, but this is unacceptable.  . . 3.  My family left with a bad aftertaste.  The experience was far from enjoyable and in many ways, was very uncomfortable/awkward.  . . The ambiance was mediocre, kinda  a hole in the wall, but that wasn't important.  The food was not that good as so many people on yelp hyped about and the service was borderline rude.   . . SAVE YOUR MONEY FOR SOMEWHERE BETTER.
Overrated.. . I had better, I don't get what's the hype all about. Service was rude. The chefs and waitresses acted like they hated their job and also hated everyone. At least at work, act the part. I left disappointed and kind of upset. Food was mediocre. Nothing special. Moving on.
Let me start out by saying I've been going to Yama for the past 10 years and over the past few years while the sushi has remained the best in town the service has declined tremendously. The past few times I've gone I've said it would be the last but I keep going back for my favorite rolls The No Name, The Sun of the Beach, and The Double Dragon but after this past time I really mean it when I say I won't ever be back. I ordered the all you can eat and wasn't as hungry as usual I guess so I had about 4 pieces of Sushi left. My server told me if I didn't finish my food I would get charged extra. I let her know I've been eating there for 10 yearsand have spent a ton of money there and have brought several new people there but she didn't care she told me that I better eat all of my food or I will be charged for it! I couldn't eat another bite so I'm sorry to say that the sushi went into the bathroom garbage.
If you like to eat ALL the rice on your sushi and can eat more than $25 bucks worth of sushi, then come here! fyi there is NO SASHIMI!. . I didn't do much research before coming. I just heard all-you-can-eat sushi and I said 'I'm down!!' But I regret it after going there and saw all the rules..... . I know most all you can eat sushi places do have the rule of charging unfinish food but this place strictly enforce it.... . Our waitress acted like a bitch right from the start. We felt like we were being stared down... There were also times where she obviously stops at our table to look at our un eaten rice on our plates... She also checks all our plates for uneaten foods right in front of us!! It felt like I was being checked for illegal items at the TSA security line!! Which makes our meal there very uncomfortable.... . The food there was ok... they do have Uni and sweet shrimp (one per person, sweet shrimp is only 1 piece per person). Quality was up to par.. Certain chefs put tons of rice on the rolls... . . Honestly i should have spent my money at one of the better buffets on the strip..
I have been to Yama a few times. I have to honestly say I was not impressed. Besides the extremely small seating areas, the food is not of a good quality. Compared to other sushi places in town i would not consider yama to even be in the top 5. The service is horrible, the wait time is horrible, and the wait for your actual food is crazy! All of the times ive gone to yama i have sat at the bar which is no faster than sitting at a table or waiting outside for that matter. Not my cup of tea.
I used to like this place until my friends cars starting getting broken into at this location. Ghetto!! Last time I went they charged me $4 for a tiny portion of uneaten rice off of halibut hamachi. I took it out of her tip and won't be returning here again.
My experience at Yama sushi was okay. I've had much better sushi at Sushi Mon . (AYCE). It seemed like we were bothering the server by just ordering. I would have been upset if we had paid over $23. We ordered 9 rolls, and i can honestly say I only liked 2 out of the 9. Needless to say we won't be returning.
Authentic sushi seekers BEWARE! Things are not as they seem.... . . I am beginning to become more and more weary of reviews for Asian food on Yelp. This isn't the first time I've trusted Yelp with Asian food and ended up disappointed. 4 stars and 600 reviews? How can that many people have indiscernible palettes???? . . First I noticed right off the bat - the FISH IS FROZEN!!!! Wake up call everyone - when you walk into a sushi joint and the fish is PRE-SLICED, you are not eating fresh fish!!!!!!!! Never have I EVER had sushi where the chefs do not slice the fish from a refrigerated, fresh raw fish steak. I know a lot of people like that the sushi comes out quickly - and it does, to a point where it just doesn't seem right, and guess what, that's because the fish has been pre-sliced and it is not fresh. That in itself is enough to give 1 star to this place. What a disgrace. . . We started off eating the highly regarded "seafood salad." Looked like the ocean threw up a bunch of reject ahi tuna chunks. There were pieces of fish that were unidentifiable, sitting atop some julienned daikon radish in a pool of spicy-sweet sauce, similar to the sauce that comes in poke salads. There were red specks floating in the sauce that gave it a spicy kick. Each seafood salad looks different (according to the pics on here); mine had two random pieces of tempura in it, that were soggy from sitting in the pool of sauce. Okay. . . We also ordered gyoza (pot sticker dumplings)- which honestly is a waste of stomach space when you're out to eat sushi, but gyoza's good, so whatever. The gyoza was deep fried, but it wasn't crispy. Gyoza is definitely frozen as well, and since when was gyoza by default deep-fried and you didn't get at least the option to have it steamed and fried on the bottom like, you know, traditional gyoza? . . The test of fresh, high-quality fish can be found in an order of sea urchin. The caliber of sea urchin in a sushi joint will reveal the condition of other fish. For those who have eaten fresh, creamy sea urchin, you know that the color of it is a mild beige; it should look nice and plump, and taste like the ocean made flesh. My sea urchin was BROWN and was limp like it just gave up on life on top of the rice. It did NOT taste like the ocean made flesh. It tasted the way sea urchin tastes those times you have to mentally convince yourself that it is actually good, that you should actually swallow it even though your taste buds may be screaming out otherwise. Oh, also, my mackerel was dry. Fresh mackerel, like other fresh fish, should have a sheen to it. But of course, if you pre-cut your fish, dryness is to be expected. . . Keep in mind I ordered all nigiri sishi here - with the exception of one roll that my dinner companion wanted to try. I'm sorry to break it to all you sushi-happy people, but if you only order rolls when you go eat sushi, you don't really like sushi. You like frikkin mayo, bitch. As a Japanese person, I know that it is a waste of stomach space to fill yourself up on fried batter, eel sauce, and spicy mayo. Really it is just a way to cover up the flavor of delicious raw fish. Then again - this place doesn't use delicious raw fish so maybe it is a better idea to mask the flavor of it. Believe me when I say Japanese people don't fuck with rolls the way non-Japanese sushi-eaters do. There is nothing wrong with choosing that route, though, I guess, and the roll was tasty, so I suppose with the price, this is somewhere you should come if you only eat fillers. . . Lastly - I always order a hand roll with shiso leaf and ume (plum) paste as my last sushi - it is very refreshing and cleanses your palette before dessert. When I asked the sushi chef to make it for me, he asked WHAT IT WAS!!!!!!!!!!!!! I won't even comment further on this. That is just not right. . . I know this review was full of vitriol, but someone had to say something. I do not understand how this place is so popular. This place is to sushi as Taco Bell is to Mexican food. It didn't taste bad, and that's the only thing I can say about it. Taco Bell doesn't taste bad either. I would much rather spend a few more dollars at a Japanese-owned Goyemon or Sushi Mon and know I am getting fresh, high-quality fish. There are only so many meals I will eat in my life, and I regret having wasted one of them on this place. Two stars for punctual, friendly service (only from the servers, not the sushi chef). Will not be back, EVER!
We went to Yama sushi hoping to score some great sushi off the strip but we were sorely disappointed! The price for the all you can eat sushi was good, $20-25 a person is great when getting all you can eat.  if you are looking for quantity of food this is the route to go. If you are looking for quality sushi I would not eat at Yama. Between our group we probably tried 3/4 of the specialty sushi on the menu and we were not impressed at all! All of the sushi was just MEH not that good. I will never go back to Yama there was nothing there for me there.
If it wasn't for the customer service is probably give this place just a star. the seating reminded me to oacked sardines.  :( I was disappointed dish after dish, there  was  nothing  to  rave  about except maybe one of the salads with sashimi? I  think  it was the poki? I  can't really remember the name.of.it.. I thought that since people rated this place so highly it must be good, boy was I wrong. Sorry to say even though the customer service was superb, I wouldn't recommend this place because the food was just lacking in quality and freshness. And I know that its hard to expect that from a all.you can eat sushi place, thats hella far from the ocean. but  there are joints like oyshi and goyemon that never seem to let me down.
This place has great potential, but they give you soooo much rice!!! They literally packed it on, so we got full on our first round. The quality was surprisingly very fresh for AYCE and includes many special rolls which were tempting to order, but after just one roll, we just couldn't do it.. .  My favorite item I usually order  is a crunchy hand roll and they got the crispy part done right, but it was overwhelmingly drenched in eel sauce resulting in it being a sickeningly sweet and overloaded rice roll. The service was definitely lacking, you get ice cream or mochi at the end of you meal, and it took 20 minutes for the check and another 20 just to get our green tea ice cream. 40 freaking minutes to get out of there despite reminding two different waitresses 4 times!!! Throughout our meals, we had to request for more water, our rolls, and napkins several times. So the price and quality of the fish is decent, large selection of special rolls, but if you want to get full, just order one hand or special roll and you're set.
I've been on this sushi craving for a while now and after all the talk threads asking for "favorite sushi place" I decided to try this place out. . . We walked in and it was busy, which I thought was a good sign because then it must be good right? Nope I couldn't be more wrong. We were seated promptly and our order was taken quickly and that's pretty much all that was good. . . Can I please have a pot of rice with my thin pieces of nigiri? That's exactly what it was. A big ball of rice under a thin piece of fish. The fish was good, but the rice was too much. As for the sushi rolls themselves, pretty much all rice as well. The menu didn't give a good description of the rolls, so 2 of the rolls we ended up ordering were fried, which we wanted to stay away from. The variety of things that came in the sushi rolls were pretty meh, just crab, shrimp or salmon. Nothing that jumped out or made me say "omg I have to get that!" Lastly, I freaking love soft shel crab. I ordered it and was completely disappointed that all I could taste was the tempura batter. . . There are sooo many other sushi places in Vegas and unfortunately to say that this place is not one of ones I will be back to.
My BF and I are looking for a sushi spot to eat cuz we are on this sushi kick and have been to 3 different places within a week.. . So here we are, at Yama Sushi. We came here because of the reviews. Some are bad, but most are good to great. And what do I think? Well let me explain my rating process.. . Place is definitely small. Chairs are brushed agains each other and people's backs. Elbow to elbow counter seating. 4 or some times 5 sushi chefs behind the sushi bar. I did liked the island beach back drop tho. 3 stars. . . Service was good. Got our waters and orders fairly fast. Dirty dishes was taken right away. A lot of servers came and ask how we were doing and was able to order appetizers off of the AYCE menu quickly. So 5 stars for just services from our servers. But sushi chefs, I give 3 stars. No welcoming gestures, just heads down making sushi and when ordered they just gave a nod.. . Okay here's the real deal. If you are a foodie of sushi, like me, you will probably rate their food as 2 stars. Fish is definitely not extremelyfresh, and all the pieces where all pre-cut so that they could pump them out like a factory machine. We ordered the seafood salad. Seems like a they just put together all the pieces of sashimi fish that didn't make the cut, tossed with a pokie like sauce (no spicy, mild, or spicy) over cucumber and shredded Daikon. Not a fan of that. Order yellowtail and white tuna sushi. It was mushy. Rice is overly vinegary. It's seems like everything had a sour note to it. Soft shell crab was good, the breading was surprising crispy. So 2 stars for the food.. . So, how do i feel? I didn't like that at all. It seems like they value quantity over quality. I don't know if I can even call those guys behind the sushi bar, chefs. They are just cooks that knows how to make those 20 or something rolls on the menu.. . And to be honest. I would pay almost double for food that can just blow my mind when it comes to sushi.
The white tuna was really good while the spicy seafood salad, hamachi and salmon were stringy... :-(. . Service was prompt but waitresses were cold and impatient. Was def not worth 20% tip but we re on vacay so wth.... . Lunch Total for 2 tax and tips included was $55 . . Prolly will try another ayce sushi instead next time when we want such.. . 9/14-13. Was here yesterday and decided to try Umiya today... And I'm soooo glad I did!  Umiya is by far sooooo much better than Yama!  Seating is way more comfy.  Decor is nicer.  Food is  def better.  And service is much much much much better! Yama should really step up to their game or its goodbye Yama real soon.
Okay so walking in, I expected so much out of this place. I've heard amazing things, and I'm sorry to say this is my first negative review on yelp because of how disappointed I am with Yama Sushi. When we got there the appetizers were amazing.  My boyfriend usually orders about 10 orders of sushi, no problem anywhere else we go. At Yama, he could only manage to order 5 because the service was so bad. Our sushi chef was rude, and very blunt. Not once did he greet us or smile, and he made us feel like we were just another number. He made the guys next to us feel welcome and smiled but when he would turn to us, he gave us another face. I just feel like you should make everyone feel welcome and appreciated, not just your regulars. Then when it came to dessert, I ordered a chocolate mochi. I received a mochi, that seemed like it had been cut with a knife someone else used prior to cut something spicy. So my mochi tasted like it had hot sauce on it. It was gross. That alone makes me question how unsanitary that place must be. All in all, the sushi was below mediocre. I've tasted better sushi almost anywhere else. Sorry to say, I won't be back. :/
As someone who doesn't like "real" sushi, as in I like my food cooked. This place was the pits. Very small selection of non-raw rolls. It seemed like all they offered was california roll with this and california rioll with that.  I was very disappointed in the selection and it isreally cramped in there. It was ok, but I have definately had much better
Terrible service. There was a reason why I didn't tip the server and before I left, she stopped me and asked me why I didnt pay tip. Seriously?. . Okay food. . . Try Blue Fin instead
Came into town with a couple of friends and one of our Vegas friend took us here, well because, we're tired of the strip's food and wanted sushi! Anyway, this place is pretty small and cluttery however, the sushi is decently good! Service was not great. The waitress was pretty short when we were seated. SHe just handed us the menu. Didn't ask us if it was our first time here, didn't ask us how our day is going. I mean, I know you could careless about our day, but you're in the restaurant industry...you're trying to work for your tips. Please, make sure you have good customer service, no need of excellent...just good. Once we were ready for our bill, our waiter suddenly hit bipolar and became nice and more talkative... okay... not cool. Good sushi not great service.
okay... we saw a cockroach at the entrance area... this little friend was crawling from the dinning area toward the lectern where waitress greets people.. this guy ran toward under the wooden lectern and never returned to be seen again.. . anyways, every time when my boyfriend and I are having a trip to Vegas, we go to Kaya Sushi but this time we came here since the rating and reviews were better.. . Sushi was okay, but the scallop was very BAD. It was obvious that it has been just melted to a room temp. very watery, spongy like, cold texture :/ yuck. . I was told you can leave two pieces per person without being charged.. So I had to eat the whole two pieces cause I had to save that two pieces for the roll that we ordered.. . MANWHORE ROLL, as it sounds, was DISGUSTING!!!!!!. I am one of people who is not a picky eater - one of those that say "ooo this is good!" for everything but comon.... this roll.. was.. just horrible. . I think they come up with this roll just to increase their menu selections. freal.. . yet the sushi was okay - esp salmon and white tuna-  but i should have left when I saw the cockroach..
This place... *sigh* I usually go to goyemon and I wanted a change so I came to Yama. I saw all the good reviews here so I waslike why not. The wait time wasn't bad like 10minutes? We got seated and the server got our orders. The shrimp tempura was good and the baked mussels. Seafood salad was good. Everything was all good until  those three came out. Just FYI I usually order sushi not rolls because rolls just fills you up and I order alottt at once because I don't like food pauses. I don't like it when there is a pause for my sushi to come out because you can slowly feel full. This is where everything went wrong. The fish was not fresh and the amount of rice they put with the raw fish is freakin ridiculous. You can't even taste the fish because there's so much rice. After 4 or 5 sushi, there was a 10minute pause. And also the server got mixed up with our order so she gave it to the table next next to us...FAIL. we ordered half a roll which was the no name and that was actually good. . . So in my opinion, I think this place is popular for their rolls not the fish. If you like rolls then it'll prolly be a hit for you, but it was def. a miss for a fish lover like me.. . Oh and also, we ordered dessert and the dessert came out twice became the servers got mixed up again.. The ending didn't even end up nicely... I am def sticking with my goyemon and sushimon nxt time
