My husband and I normally stay at Encore or Wynn when we are in Vegas.  However, we came to Vegas for a trade show, and didn't want to spend our company's money on anything too expensive.  My husband and I just had our wedding at the Trump National Golf Course in Palos Verdes last year, which was beautiful-so we expected the something similar to the golf course-great service, cleanliness, and great ambiance.  . . BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!  The first night we got back to our room from the trade show, we ordered room service because we were too tired to go out and eat.  Eck!  The spaghetti and bolognese was the blandest pasta we have ever tried.  There literally was no taste of salt or the tomato sauce in the pasta.  Even when you add a bit of salt, it still tasted extremely bland.  Secondly, I had ordered cranberry juice.  Be aware-this isn't your normal cranberry cocktail that you get at bars or anywhere else.  This is actually a thick squeezed cranberry juice.  What I was expecting when I put that drink in my mouth was some sort of sweet juice, but got a sour thick concoction instead.  Gross!. . Ok-so nighttime falls, and my husband and I are getting ready to go to bed.  We start placing some of the pillows on the lower end of our bed.  We then realize there are scuff marks on 2 of our pillows-almost like someone stepped on our pillows.  Disgusting.  Good thing, they gave you 4 pillows so that we at least got to get one pillow each.  So, we started to try to go to sleep.  While I was trying to get some sleep, I kept hearing the noise of the streets of Vegas and trains.  I woke my husband up at midnight because I wanted him to see if there was some sort of window that was opened.  Well, on the window sill, they have some sort of sliding thing where you could open it slightly for air.  HOWEVER, in our room, it was broken so that we couldn't close it.  So, because my husband was tired and didn't want to go through the trouble of changing rooms in the middle of the night, he got towels, and covered up the holes where there was air and noise coming in.. . The next day, we head out to our trade show, and when it ended, we came back to the room to rest a bit.  Even though our housekeeper did come into the room, I noticed that she didn't really tidy up any of my toiletries in the restroom.  Usually when I stay at Wynn or Encore, my toiletries are all lined up in a neat order when we get back to the room.  . . Overall, my husband and I would never come back to Trump ever again!  We now know we would rather fork out the extra $50 to $100 ourselves to stay at Wynn or Encore than to stay at Trump.
I  was disappointed about my stay here at Trump International Hotel.  I'm surprised that there's a 4 star rating out of 5 here on Yelp.  My rating here is solely based on the quality of the room and hotel.  . . I pricelined this hotel under the category  "5 star hotels and resorts" and got a great deal.  When I arrived via Taxi (which was about $26 from the airport) there were not enough valets to help with my bags.  The lady who checked me in though was very nice and explained the resort fee to me (wifi, unlimited water, etc is included in the resort fee so the "free wifi" description is deceiving).  . . Now for the hotel itself... on the way to the elevators there's a vestibule in front of the gift shop.  On the wall opposite the gift shop was a mirror that had water spots or something all over like it needed a polish or something..  my first impression.. what's going on?  In the hallways to the rooms (I had a friend staying on the 26th floor) there was stuff like crumbs/ trash all over the carpet and this stayed there all day.  In fact some of the carpet was "stretched" creating rolls on the floor which can be dangerous because someone can trip and fall on these "rolls".. . On to the room... I stayed in room 2312. When I walked in the room I noticed that it is similar to the MGM signature and various other hotels on the strip with a little kitchenette.  After I started to look around, I noticed that the shelf under the tv was split. In the bathroom the frame of the large mirror right above the sinks were filled with old toothpaste spatter and some other random things in the crevices which made it kinda gross to stare at while washing my face and brushing my teeth.  What was ultra weird was when I went to take a shower there was a crumbled ALMOND.. yes, the almond nut that you eat, at the edge of the shower floor right below the door.  I left the almond there to see if housekeeping would clean it the next day.. but nope... the almond was still there the next time I took a shower.  The hot water the first night took about 15 minutes to get warm. The shower handle was loose so if you pulled a little bit,  the handle would disengaged from the gears and you couldn't turn on the water.  For the two nights I stayed there I never once had even ONE bathroom floor mat.. while my friend had two in his room.  When I got into bed that first night and moved the decorative pillow I noticed on the back side had a huge hole near the bottom of the european pillow case. . . Also, the first night some idiot rang my doorbell for 15 mins at 1 am.  Because of the two door system, I was afraid to go outside the door of my room into the tiny vestibule to look out the peephole to see who was the a-hole, because I knew that they would hear me come out of that room and might create a scene if I didn't open the outer door.  I guess I could have called the front desk and had them send someone up to see what was going on but at this point I really didn't want to move out of my bed.  . . The only redeeming thing about this place was getting a discount on priceline.. however, I hope since theTrump staff knew I was a patron who got a room via a third party payer that was NOT the reason I was in such a crappy room with crappy housekeeping.  . . Unfortunately, I have no plans to stay here ever again.  To me and now to my friends, this place will be affectionately known as the Trump Dump.
My friends and I stayed at the Trump International Hotel from 4/29/11 to 5/1/11. We had a bad experience from the moment we arrived.  The valet who unloaded our car opened the back of the van hastily and several of our bags fell out, he picked the bags up without apologizing placed them on the bellhop cart and as he pushed them away our bags fell off the cart again.  When we walked into the Lobby we were extremely impressed, it was gorgeous!  They pump in floral scents and there are chandeliers and gold everywhere.  But, that was where it ended for us.  The hotel claimed to not have our reservation even though there was a hold placed on my friends credit card.  When they found our reservation they said they would not be able to place us in adjoining suites.  When we argued with the girl she suddenly found two suites for us.  We entered the suites and began looking around.  At first sight the suite was beautiful, then we noticed a weird hissing sound coming from the windows, when we asked the bellhop about it he explained that sometimes the window system that allows fresh air in will break and we might be unable to close it, but he suggested we call the maintenance staff and they would bring us some duct tape to tape over the vent.  Really?  The TV in the living room area did not work and we had to call maintenance to come and fix the TV.  The TV in the bathroom did not work either.  The beds were made, but the carpet was filthy, and there was dirt on the sofas.  There were no extra towels (one bath towel and one hand towel per bathroom in both suites), no extra toilet paper or tissue, and one pillow per pullout sofa.  As we were unpacking one of the housekeeping workers came to the room to apologize for the room being unfinished, she complained to us that it was because "they called me and told me to stop cleaning".  I found it unprofessional she would complain to us.  The man who came to clean the carpet (yes, it was bad enough they had to shampoo the carpet) apologized for the room and said it was unacceptable that we were given a room like that.  When one friend who did not drive with us arrived, the valet lost her key.  She handed it to him, he somehow dropped it and he approached her as she checked in and accused her of not giving him the key.  When she was unable to find it in her purse they told her that because SHE lost the key they would need to tow her car at her expense.  They called her a few minutes later in the room to tell us that they found her key on the ground under her car.  Again, no apology for being rude.  The only staff we had contact with that were friendly were the room service staff.  Although we did find it odd that they never once rang the doorbell, they just entered the room.  The good things about the hotel were the lobby, the roomservice (reasonable prices and delicious food), and the free shuttle service.  I also liked that it is the only pet friendly luxury hotel in the area.  They even sold pet "gifts" in the gift shop.  But, I will not stay at this hotel again.
I'm not really picky with hotels so I thought I would be giving this place an easy 5 star review. Boy was I wrong. . . These are the things that I liked about the hotel:. . 1.)It was clean. 2.)Location is good. 3.)Price was decent. 4.)Shuttle to the Wynn was handy since I had friends that were staying there. 5.) The manager, Caroline was very sympathetic and accommodating. . 6.) The room was nice and the bed might have been the most comfortable I've ever slept in. . . What Went Wrong During My Stay at the Trump International Hotel, LV: . . 1.) Came back after a long day and night of walking around town. Waited at least 35 min for the tub to fill up only to find out that the jets were broken. TOTAL BUMMER! . . 2.) Ironing board with no cover: makes it kinda hard to iron. We asked for another one twice. The first time, we received a ripped cover, the second time a little, mini, doll house sized board that would make Ironing one of the many dresses I brought with me a chore. . . 3.) Several lights were broken. One in the closet, one table lamp. . . 4.) I signed a contract that stated I would be charged a maximum of $100/ night for incidentals. Fine. Then I received another random charge that no one could explain or reverse. . . 5.) Manager, Glenn was really icy when he told me that "all hotels charge random incidental fees".... even after I showed him a copy of the the signed Trump Document document which stated that I would only be charged $100/night upon check in. . . 6.) My friends who were staying at the Wynn tried to take the shuttle over to Trump to meet me for a drink but unfortunately, the driver drove right by them....even as they attempted to chase him down. During one of my shuttle rides, I overheard a couple complaining about the same thing. Guess the driver only stops if he feels like it?  . . 7.) Ordered a Mimosa to go from the bar. Bartender just gave me champagne at first, then when I corrected him, he ended up putting more OJ then there was bubbly! Their rookie bartenders don't even know how to make a simple drink. . . 8.) Breakfast buffet - Was the cheap continental kind you get for free but they charged $20. Do yourself a favor and pay $15 more and eat at the Wynn. . . 9.) Little to no cell reception. That could be ATT's fault. But my phone worked in other hotels for the most part. . . I think that's it. I wont stay here again and I will strongly advise all of my friends and family not to either!
How you like this hotel, depends on what part of the building you stay on. If you stay on the strip side I rate this place a 4 star Hotel. However, if you stay on the train track side, yes TRAIN TRACK side I rate this place 2 stars. . . The first night I was on the train track side, meaning the tracks are visible within 40 feet of the hotel. Yes, what a dumbass Trump is for picking such a location,or at least not equipting it with sound proof windows. I heard the horn every hour or therabouts and could not sleep. The following morning I complained and received an upgrade to the strip side, and it was fabulous. Very spacious rooms, extra large bathroom, with walk in shower. The best thing about the hotel is the fact that it is smoke free. . . But the train track side is an unbelievable oversight!
Where to start, where to start ???. . I suppose I'll start upon checking in.  Here's the story.  . . Checked in with a lovely red head at midnight.  Went up to our room.  I was very eager to get squared away and get some shut eye, only to find other peoples belongings still inside of our room!  A notebook, some change, lip balm, open soap in the bathroom.  Uhhh I don't think so, this cannot be our room.  Called the front desk from the room, waited for about 5 minutes for someone to pick up only to find out that we needed to be transferred to someone else and waited for another 5 minutes for that person to answer.  Explained the situation, and was told to come back to the lobby for an upgrade.  Krista? I believe, was very apologetic over the phone, met us at the front desk and got us an upgrade.  Excellent!  Went up to the 58th floor, one bedroom suite, strip view... NICE!   Only things were the x of the tic tac toe game was broken in half (better not charge us for an incidental) and no iron in the room.. . Next morning tried calling concierge to get us some tickets and reservations.  Called about 3 times - phone kept ringing.  Went down to the concierge, ONE person at the concierge helping a group of people.  Ok this is going to take a while, we'll try again later!  Later came, same story ONE employee at the concierge desk already helping someone.  I booked my tickets myself, online and quickly.  Understaffed?!  I think so!  This hotel is VALET ONLY.  If that's so- please hire MORE VALET STAFF so we dont have to wait 10+ minutes for our car!!!  Also, valet staff sucks!  What ever happened to opening the doors for your guests?  Guess that goes out the window when you're understaffed.  That does not explain why we were waiting 15 minutes in our car for the valet only to see in the rear view mirror, valet guy servicing the car in back of us first!  "Are you kidding me?" were the words coming out of the hubby's mouth directed to the only valet working.  He opened his own door, mind you!  Valet guy said he was sorry (not really!)  - well there goes your tip buddy!  . . Other than that, the hotel is really nice...ly decorated and for the most part clean.  They DO charge a resort fee that includes free wi-fi, $20/night.  Room service was ok.  . . I guess the bottom line is - we liked the Signature @ MGM better and probably wont stay at the Trump again unless its free.
Sorry but not impressed with the Donald's place. It's a decent enough hotel, but could be a decent enough hotel anywhere. In Las Vegas I've come to expect a bit more, and this isn't a bit more. It seems to think it's a 4 star hotel, but I found it to be little more than a LaQuinta with a minibar. I ordered two coffees in the restaurant and was charged $30 for Starbuck's coffee that sells for $5 in their stores. The food at the restaurant was okay, but of medium quality. The room was small by Vegas standards. Overall, it's essentially a LaQuinta, with a Denny's, but at 4 star prices.
This place would have gotten a better review except for two things.. . 1) it took 15 min... MINIMUM to get our car, we were waiting for a half hour wtf is that?. 2) we told them our TV wasn't working and they said they were going to send in a tech... as you can probablytell that never happened.. . Not that I smoke but my friends that did had to leave the room, get in the elevator, walk through the lobby, and through the front doors before they could smoke. Most people probably wont care about that, but I'm sticking with either the Cosmo, or Palazzo. This hotel doesn't feel like Vegas. . . Sorry Trump, the fact that you didn't have a casino should have told me something.
our floor maid checked in our suite while we were still in the living/ kitchen area, and asked if she could just punch in. then she didnt come back to clean our suite.
I picked this hotel because I was running the Rock n' Roll Marathon and I needed a quiet, nonsmoking room, with a kitchenette to cook a pre race meal, and a large tub to soak in post race.The Trump is beautiful from lobby to room to view to spa to pool, but their service is beyond lacking. I know service, good, bad, and indifferent. I've dealt with the full range of customers from happy to abusive and unreasonable for 12 years. Accidents happen, but how problems are resolved makes the difference between a positive and negative experience. . . The room was beautiful and well decorated. The TV in the bathroom mirror was a nice touch, ended up switching rooms and it didn't work in the second room but you couldn't see it from the tub anyway. The whirlpool tub was by far the best part of the room. It was huge. My boyfriend is 6'4" and was able to stretch out in it. The towels and robes were soft and thick and didn't leave any lint after bathing. The view of the Wynn/Encore and Fashion Mall was stunning especially at night. The Spa is amazing; spacious, luxurious treatment rooms, showers, and a wonderful lounge area with teas and water. On the down side, neither of our cell phones had use-able signal beyond the lobby (AT&T and T-mobile), the bathroom floor was sticky.. .  The bell/doormen were friendly, welcoming, and recognized me after the first day. The spa staff was professional and met my expectations. Where things went wrong began with housekeeping and ends with management.. . We checked in and unpacked putting most of out items in drawers and left do some shopping before dinner reservations for our anniversary. When we returned to our room three hours after checking in, housekeeping (I'm assuming) threw out all our toiletries and the food I brought to cook (I didn't notice the food until we switched rooms, and by that point I felt like I was such an inconvenience to them I just let it go). After filling out security paperwork, management offered to refund the mandatory resort fee, a whopping $15. The desk manager did call our restaurant for us, at my request, and we were given a ride in the house car to the restaurant, unfortunately I felt like we were lucky to get that instead of having to take a taxi, or the nice leisurely stroll up the Strip as we had planned.. . Security was professional and accommodating in trying to resolve the situation, but the desk manager made us feel like "problem guests" and that everything being done was above and beyond excellent customer care.. . The GM did not sit down with us face to face, we had to argue over the phone about what had happened and what they could do for us. Eventually, the GM agreed to a room upgrade and a late check out. We were satisfied with that and just wanted to put it all behind us. . . The late check out we were begrudgingly promised didn't go smoothly either. We packed in the morning, left for lunch and some gambling,  we returned to checkout and were locked out of out room. After sorting that out I got the bill and the resort fees that were supposed to be refunded were still on the bill. All in all, it was just a big hassle.
Is trump really considered a 5 star? Cuz if it is then it really fell in expectation... . Walking into the room there was this weird gas stench that stayed in the room for our whole 3 night stay. We figured the smell would go away, but it didn't. The room itself was nice.. Really spacious, nice furniture, kitchennette, dining and living room with one bedroom. The space is what we really got the room for since we were saying with about 6 people. Checking the bathrooms out I found a dirty wet towel in the shower. EW seriously for a five star that's really missing attention to detail. The TVs didn't work and the jets in the bath didn't work. We called the front desk letting them know what was missing in our room but of course no one came or did anything about the problem. . . Housekeeping didn't do their job either, while I admit the first day it was my friends who shooed away housekeeping the next day when we called for them they didn't really clean. The most they did was wipe down the table top and give us extra towels. They didn't even take out trash or even take away that naassttyyy dirt towel.. . valet parking is complimentary which is cool but my friends that drove complained that valet was really slow at bringing their car back to them. . . Overall an unsatisfactory experience, trump we will not be back.
Great Hotel...But the service was AWFUL! . If I was rating just on the hotel, it would be five stars...but the service was SO bad, I would never stay there again and neither will my friends.. Upon arrival, it was unclear that there was no self-parking. We mistakenly turned in to employee parking  (but realized it right away) and in our attempts to turn around we were chased down by an ornery security guard who talked to us like we were criminals. He then followed us out to the valet area and made references to our 'inability to follow directions' to the valet. I also did not appreciate the valet's mocking and sarcastic tone as he joined in the insults. I was ready to cancel my reservation right there.. Our experience checking in was great. The front desk staff was cheerful, friendly and fast! ....my mood changed. And, our room was beautiful-no complaints here. . Headed to the pool...and BAD service. I waited in line for nearly 15 minutes to pay for a bottle of Snapple in the cafe. Although there were at least ten staff members behind the counter, no one would help me. When I finally flagged down a waitress, she acted annoyed that she had to ring me up. We were at the pool for about three hours and not ONCE did a waitress ask if we wanted to order drinks or food--we tried flagging someone down, but we were always told they'd 'be right back' and never returned. We were thirsty and hungry and had to walk across the street to the mall to get some service.. Its really disappointing...this could be such a great hotel--but they need to invest some SERIOUS resources in training theirstaff. When you pay that much money, you expect at least decent customer experience.... This was really poor.
I used to travel to Vegas for business often, back then, I'd always stay at the Trump.  It was new, fancy, modern, the service was great and the property was well cared for.  It was perfect for the business woman - no casino, therefore no long ass walk to the car, crowds or cigarette smoke.  I wouldn't stay anywhere else!. . Staying here after being away for 18 months, I can definitely say things have gone downhill.  There is noticeable wear and tear everywhere.  They nickel and dimed us like crazy - i.e. in addition to the $20(+tax)/night resort fee, they wanted $1/bottle of water outside of the complimentary 2 bottles you get per day.  WIFI is included in the resort fee, but after hooking the ipad up to WIFI, service was so slow that it was unusable.  Cell service was also spotty.  Furthermore, I would hardly call the Trump a "resort".  Just because you have a pool, doesn't mean you are a resort.. . Next time we're staying somewhere in the City Center...If I gotta pay a resort fee anyway, I might as stay where there is a real resort!
The stove was broken in our room. We had two rooms reserved, but the hotel couldn't even put us in the same suite unit. The front desk was slow and didn't know how to break a large bill. I guess I just expected a little more from the Trump Hotel but was let down. There were some positive points about this place such as the smoke-free environment and the TV on the bathroom mirror. But I don't know if I would stay here again if I come back to Vegas.
my husband and i wanted to get away and spend a night in las vegas... we'd never been to trump hotel so we wanted to see what it was like.. . i have to say, i was a bit disappointed.. . there are a few pros to the hotel: non-smoking, no casino (if you want a quiet environment), mini kitchenette, bottled water, nice bathroom w/bathtub and cool t.v. in mirror.. . otherwise, the room itself didn't meet my expectations.  when i had booked it online, i thought i was getting a "city view" of the strip.  and that was the name of the room when i had reserved it.  unfortunately, when we had checked in, i was told to get the actual city view, it would be an additional $20.  huh??  so we also heard that stupid train during the night..... ugh!. . the kitchenette was nice and convenient.  only... our fridge was never cold and the coffee maker was broken.  on top of which, one of the bedside lamp switches were broken too.  bummer.  i called the front desk and told them about the problems in the room.  but no one ever came while we were there... granted, it was only one night.  . . the bed itself was a little too soft and cramped for my taste.  if you have a bad back like me, the soft bed mattress cover isn't for you.  and the outdoor pool was a little bit smaller than i expected.  . . if we had a choice, i probably wouldn't go back.  i thoroughly liked the encore hotel a lot better.  sorry, mr. trump.   :T
Charges charges charges! Please do not stay here! from tipping the lady to make ur pull out bed because they don't have double beds in the hotel room to tipping for valet because the don't have self parking to paying extra everyday to get on the strip because it's not on the strip to paying for a ridiculous resort fee of $20 per day. I have stayed at hotels in las Vegas that were on the strip that had better atmosphere amenities and best of all price even though they might not be 5 stars! Trump is basically trying to act like a 5 star hotel but they don't have the structure to back it up except for they provide all these services to you that they make u do. For example, they give u a $25 credit to their spa as part of their $20 resort fee a day, which means I probably have to spend a hundred dollars worth more in the spa just to  get my money's worth for being charged a resort fee. Furthermore, the pull out sofa bed is not 5 stars. It is very uncomfortable! Although I have to say my sister's bed which is the reg king size bed in the room is not that bad. Both me and my sisters woke up to a train this morning at 7am sat. I read this in the other reviews but one reviewer assured me this was not the case. Yes, the train does come and it is loud enough to hear it! It is loud,  but is gone in a couple of seconds, but I assure that u will wake up! Furthermore it is very close to a highway which is currently my 24 hour background noise. I can still sleep through it but its trying to fall asleep which is the problem. My advice is play it safe and stay at a hotel on the strip. If u aren't rich, but just want to have fun with ur family in Vegas this place is definitely not the place to splurge. FYI, the finishes in the room is nice and luxurious but even though this place just opened, u can see that some areas especially the tables and couches r beginning to worn out.
Ok, short but sweet.  The place was really nice.  Mandatory Valet kinda inconvenient but OK.  Mall across was nice.  Not a lot for the kids to do otherwise unless you drove into town.  If I had known it was petfriendly I would have had my dog.  . . BUT. . (and it's a big BUT) How come nobody here has complained about the continuous train horn blowing at 11:00 PM, 12 AM 1 AM 2AM 4AM and 6AM until you wanted to just scream WTF!  It was horrible.  45 floors up and it was just like someone left the tv on full blast right by your head.  . . No wonder they couldn't sell condos and had to make this a hotel.  Nobody could live there!  Maybe if you had a strip side room it wasn't so bad, but jeez, 2 nights there and I was definitely ready to go.. . I will never stay there again -- thank you hotwire for giving this place a 5 star and ruining the North Strip 5-Star Wynn/Encore listing -- NOT.  . . There's a reason Hotwire won't let you post reviews about this place on their site.
The Trump hotel is valet only and when you walk inside there is the check in area and you can head straight to the hotel. As for the actual hotel, you have a main door which opens and there are two separate hotels after you open the first door. Not sure why it is that way. The rooms are very spacious but my friends tell me that room service sucks. It is far from the strip so you have to taxi to the strip unless you don't want to drink that night. There are better rooms for your money ON the strip!
As soon as we arrived, we were charged $20 for services???? We are a family of four. There were three towels in the room. I can go on and on - its never just one thing. Bottomline - the service was sloppy and we were unimpressed with the whole experience.
Came here for a weekend with the gf and was pumped for nights out in Vegas.  I would have given this place 4 stars given the location, room, and pool, but the front desk girl was inept. Our first room wasn't up to par and the second room she placed us in had a family with little kids right next to us!. . What twenty-something-year-olds want to hear the complaining of kids in the room next door?! Seriously, this was a dumb move on Trump hotel's part. Obviously, we weren't here to hear spongebob and veggie tales.... . Anyway, I'd only stay here if you're looking for emotionally UN-intelligent front desk workers who don't know the meaning of customer service.
If you stay a place off the strip, expect it to be dead. If you want any late night bites or drinks, be prepared to leave the hotel because nothing is happening here. If you go to the pool, don't expect an infinity pool, a wave pool, or a river pool. You get a rectangular community center pool. . . The rooms, however, are pretty nice and come with a kitchenette. And a stove. . . They really shouldn't have given us a stove. . . The third day of our stay, I woke up drowsily in the morning to the smell of roasting chestnuts, reminding me simultaneously of Christmas and chestnuts sold on the streets in Hong Kong. Pleasant. It looked hazy in the room. I must've been really tired; this is a sign to sleep some more. I half wake again. Chestnuts going strong. Hazier now. Smoky, really. I sit up. The room looks like we hotboxed for 8 hours. . . Long story short, a towel burned in a pot throughout the night and we got charged $200 for smoke damage. . . Nuts.
I would have given this place 1 star if not for the service from the front desk.  I checked in on Saturday during memorial day weekend, waited 30 minutes to try to valet park my car and failed to get on the porte cochere due to mismanagement and understaffed valet crew.  There is no excuse for that kind of thing at a hotel especially where there is no self park option.  Ended up parking across the street at the mall to check in, ridonkulous.. . The service at the front desk was good to great, they were apologetic about the valet and whenever I called down for my car (once I was able to valet my car), they fought to have my car ready by the time I got down.  Accommodations are decent, nice big jet tubs, good sized rooms and a mini kitchenette in the studios to boot because these are condotel units.  The location, despite being off strip, is workable because you're walking distance to the Wynn and directly across the street from Fashion Show.  If you're staying here, you probably don't want a casino and so being next to fashion show is a plus.  . . I can't stress how understaffed this hotel seemed to be and so I probably won't stay here again if I'm paying the same price as a on-strip 4star hotel.  I was able to book at a $100 discount to other comparable hotels with a casino though so something to keep in mind.
The Trump is a fine hotel that's clean and nice, but for the price, you can get much, much, much better.. . First the positives.  The rooms are huge--the Trump was originally built to be condos, not a hotel--and have nice amenities like a hot tub with jets and a stove and microwave.  The staff was also friendly and helpful.. . But there are too many negatives to recommend this hotel.  . -- The parking situation is wretched.  The Trump only does valet (no self-parking) and they are horribly understaffed.  We waited over 20 minutes just to drop off our car, and nearly missed our show.. -- The $25 resort fee borders on outrageous.  I know it's a new "trend" for hotels to tack on a mandatory fee for Internet and gym use, but I've never seen more than $10/day at even the nicest hotels.  $25/day is pretty insane.. -- The pool is really weak.  One small rectangular pool surrounded by chairs is all you get.  We ended up schlepping to another hotel to use their pool.. -- Certain things in the room were broken.  The main TV in the room was tilted off center, and the TV in the bathroom wouldn't turn off.  We ended up just muting it.. -- There's a freight train that runs a block away from the hotel and it's LOUD.  Trains only come by maybe 3-4 times a day, but just one train at 3 AM is all you need to ruin your night.. -- The bed was one of the more uncomfortable ones I've ever slept on at a hotel.  Way too soft, with weak, flaccid pillows.  I spent much of my weekend groggy and came home with a sore back--and not for the usual Vegas reasons.. . A new 5-star hotel opens in Vegas every month.  Pick one of those instead.
Not really my cuppa tea. The hotel was nice enough, the staff were super friendly...it's just that, well, it's not convenient. I would suggest it for those traveling on business or for families. But not for a Vegas vacation. Would not stay here again based on the distance from everything as well as lack of accomodations. The pool was ok but while we are enjoying the water, the evacuate due to someone "puking." Literally, this was the language used!. Anyway, I will look much more closely when booking on hotwire or priceline. Look for the casino symbol (I believe it's a deck of cards) If that is not there, then don't bid! Great not having the mess of smoke in the hotel, but I like to gamble and then head up to bed at leisure. . Maybe it sounds trivial, but this is what myself and my companions all felt.
The rooms were nicely decorated once, but they're not kept up. A burned out light bulb is really no big deal, but chipped countertops and gouged furniture were not what I expected from a five star hotel.. . The staff were polite, always. However, it was very apparent that the politeness wasn't always genuine, and became more genuine depending on the apparent value of one's attire.. . Trump's location is just awful. They have a shuttles, but awful is still the best word for it becausesometimes you don't want to wait for a shuttle - or wait for the next shuttle when one is full. All parking is valet, so keep plenty of small cash for that if you have a vehicle.. . I'll sum up pricing with this: Including tip, I paid $20 for a Sapphire martini at the lobby bar. I expected it to be high, but even I didn't think they'd charge for a small bottle of Sapphire to make one regular-sized martini.. . The clientele seemed to comprise mainly Jersey Shore rejects and guys trying to impress girlfriends / new wives with their vast ability to accumulate debt. I suppose it gets a star just for the people watching value.
My husband and his company were in town for InfoComm and my daughter and I tagged along.. . First, the good stuff:. Pros:. . The hotel is beautiful and most of the staff werevery accommodating and friendly. The rooms are a good size and have kitchenettes in them.. Housekeeping was AMAZING. They worked around our schedule (we have a 1 year old) and when we called them to clean they came right down and quickly cleaned before nap time:-). The people at the bell stand inside were very nice and helpful!!!. Non-gaming and non-smoking~WONDERFUL. This is why we initially stayed here. We normally stay at the Vdara, but since this hotel is closer to the Las Vegas Convention Center we decided to try it. My husband was in town for InfoComm.. . Cons:. We were told by the concierge that outgoing calls were complimentary...NOT THE CASE. Only local calls are complimentary. When we checked out we had a $150.00 charge for 9 calls that were made! I was given incorrect information and I think that these charges should have been waived because of it. Had I know that I would have been charged for the calls I would have used my cellphone instead. Management should have stood behind their staff's information and taken the situation up with them. . . It's so disappointing because we thought that we had found a new Las Vegas hotel to stay at. Beside management refusing to waive these charges our experience was great, but when something like that happens it leaves you with a bad last impression.  I also called and left a message for the manager Brian and my call was not returned. I requested a mangers email address so I could sort out the situation and I was told that they cannot give out this information.
Good hotel over all. . . plus: smoke free. No casino. . Cons: Got food poisoned eating dinner at DJT RESTAURANT. . The appetizer I ate was Rock shrimp tempura ( appetizer), it ruined my stay. it  can get noisy due to train tracks proximity. These trains go at all hours at night and you can hear them
I used to love this hotel until my second or third visit when I heard that blaring train horn...UGHH!!  This hotel is situated near a railroad crossing.  It woke me up every night despite being situated on the 52nd floor AND on the opposite end of the hotel.  So much for sound proofing.  I could even hear the puny fireworks from the The Siren show at Treasure Island.. . This hotel is not connected to anything (i.e., no casino or shops), although there is a nice restaurant and bar in the lobby that serves Starbucks coffee.  Crossing a small street in 100+-degree weather to access the mall became annoying after a while.  Other 5-star hotels on the strip (e.g., Wynn, TheHotel, Bellagio) are interconnected to other hotels and/or shops and a plethora of restaurants, thus allowing one to remain completely indoors if one so chooses.  For me, that's almost a necessity in a city that experiences weather extremes.. . It's a shame.  In all fairness it really is a nice luxurious hotel with home-like amenities and awesome city/mountain views.  I was treated well on every visit.  Unfortunately, a return visit will not be likely.
Trump, the dump is a good nickname :). . The basic deal is that the Trump is a 5 star hotel. Now, 5 stars makes one think fancy. Though, to get stars a hotel only seems to have to offer certain services, like room services etc. It doesn't have to be fancy.. . The Trump is pretty much a Holiday Inn, only the bed is firmer at the holiday Inn and the TV larger. The TV was the size of my laptop screen at the Trump. They have a stove and sink, which the Holiday Inn doesn't have.. . The evil trick that got me here is Priceline. I bid on Priceline half of what all the other 5 star hotels (the real 5 star hotels) charge. Priceline put me in the Trump, which charges half of what the other 5 star hotels charge for a good reason.. . The room is an orchestra. The steal ropes of the elevator sing as they catapult people up dozens of floors in seconds. The air conditioning hisses. The refrigerator rumbles. And, everything gets drowned out by the passing fright trains. They don't honk their horn. They lean on it like someone was on the track and the operator in mad panic tried to get the person to move out of the way.. . A nice touch is that the Trump gives away wifi and two small water bottles for free. I know Holiday Inn gives you free wifi as well. Though, every other Vegas hotel will nickel and dime you for every little thing (more like $20 bills). The gym is free. Though, it's not great.. . I'm not the right target demographic. If you are looking for a place to put grand pa, it's perfect. It's quiet (= no Vegas party, what everyone comes for). There are no casinos, clubs, or pool party. Behind the hotel are two strip clubs. We know grand pa likes those. By day, he votes to restrict women's rights and sexual freedom. At night, he sneaks out to get what he outlawed. Oh, Dick Cheney stayed here a few times. I told you grand pa likes it here.. . Service, supposedly service is what makes the Trump outstanding. The receptionist walked me to my elevator. I guess that's what extra service looks like. I would have been fine walking by myself instead of having someone say empty platitudes next to me.. . The dead bolt on the room was broken. When I called, they said that they would send security up. An hour later, house cleaning arrived with an clothes iron. I guess, the thought was to iron out the wrinkle in my stays. A while later, finally a handy man shows up.. . He was a nice guy. He worked really hard. He had to disassemble the whole door. Some of the screws were stripped. Some where jammed in so hard that he couldn't get them loose.. . He kept beeping. Yes, after having given staff Blackberries for a while, management realized that some people were making personal calls. So, they took them away and gave people pagers. Don't you just love it, when companies try to save pennies by taking away the tools that employees need to do great work?. . . I have stayed at the Wynn across the street. That's a great Vegas experience. I have stayed at the Rumor hotel. That's an off strip hotel for when you want to save money. It looks like it's a converted apartment building. Yet, it has hip stuff, like crazy furniture and sexy photography in the room, you know Vegas. And, my absolute favorite is Cosmopolitan. That is super awesome. When I stayed there, I barely left the hotel, because the room was awesome, there was party 24 hours, great club, great pool, great fitness center.
This is my first hotel review. . . I will never stay at Trump International again. . . We stayed in a beautiful modern suite on the 57th floor.  The room was amazing! The bathroom, awesome.. especially the tub!  However, the suite we were in (5722)... the sheets were dirty and the towels were dirty...the light bulb was out, the tv was out, the iron didn't work, the cabinet hinge was broken, the coffee pot filter was dirty - even after 4 times of putting the water through....  but all of that i can let slide... . . The worst part about staying here was the noise at night.. no not noise from your neighbors.. It appears that Donald did not have his hotel sound proofed so even on the 57th floor you can hear the train down the street, sirens and cars... not to mention that the trains blow their horn 3-4 times when passing by... A train goes by every 2 hours or so, so good luck sleeping at night.. (even my ear plugs did not work)...  . . overall, it is a beautiful looking hotel with a great addition that there is no casino and night life. it's quiet and you don't have to breathe in second hand smoke... but our room experience was so bad that we will never stay here again.
It's a very nice Hotel and the Staff is very friendly and always helpful. The rooms are beautiful and we got a free upgade to a room with view. The first thing I noticed was that one of the light swiches in the room was broken but I thought maybe they just haven't seen it to fix it. The next thing we noticed was that the toilet didn't flush right and when we went to the pool the spa was cold and there was no sign that it was out of order. Fortunately there was a second spa that worked. i was really dissapointed that the Pool closed at already 6pm and the last shuttle from cesars Palace back to the Hotel goes at 12am. For paying so much and being a 5 Star Hotel i was very dissapointed in the things it offered at that time. I'd say skip this one and spend that kind of money on a Hotel on the strip.
My girlfriend just turned 40 and we thought it would be fun to celebrate by going to Vegas and get married (After a 15 year engagement and 1 child). We got a great deal on Hotels.com and they upgraded us to a one bedroom suite after finding out it was her birthday (Classy move, one of the few experienced). For the most part, the staff is excellent, the bar staff is very friendly and serves up some great drinks (Marcus is the best). We did have some issues with the shuttle service they offer. The driver told us he picks up every fifteen minutes at the location he dropped us off at. We sat there for almost 45 minutes before we finally gave up and took a cab...only to find him flirting with one of the female valets. The cleaning lady arrived to clean the room very late (almost 4 in the afternoon) while we were getting ready to go to the chapel to get married. Now onto the room...This hotel actually is a perfect metaphor for the man who's last name is on the top of the building....on the exterior, it is classy and posh and exudes wealth, but underneath the surface is just tacky and cheap. We entered our suite and found a large stain on the carpet (In fact, most Best Western rooms have cleaner carpets), most of the cupboards and drawers in the master bath had loose hinges (to the point where they wouldn't close properly), the frame around the mirror was caked with dust and old crusty toothpaste, many of the light switches didn't work, laminate in many places was lifting up. The large king size bed was the most uncomfortable thing I have ever slept on. It would actually have been softer if they just put a sheet over a piece of plywood. The location is horrible. It's off the strip and is a decent walk (which is not a bad thing when you are sober...but when you have been at the tables for awhile and have a bit of a buzz it can be annoying) away. You are right by a ton of strip clubs which is just kinda nasty. Also, there is a train crossing nearby, so a loud train horn would wake us up around 4 every morning.. . I will definitely avoid the Trump International on my next visit to Vegas
I'm not sure what happened.  I read the reviews here before we went, and maybe that got my expectations too high?  We went for our friends' wedding.  They had a 3-bedroom suite & held the ceremony there.  That suite was beautiful with a spectacular view of the strip.  We, however, reserved a studio suite on the strip side (to avoid the noisy trains as indicated by other yelpers).  We arrived at 4:30.  First they asked me if I wanted to pay $50/night to upgrade to a 1-bedroom.  No thanks I said.  then They informed me that they didn't have any studio's available for me.  So they were going toput me in a 1-bedroom for free (great!); but it was on the mountain-view side of the hotel (boo!).  But she PROMISED me this was still the "quiet" part of the hotel.  So we took it.  It was on the 16th floor, but since I don't spend a lot of time staring out the window, who cares?  We walk in & the suite is beautiful (on the surface).  High end stainless steel appliances (that I'd never use on a weekend in Vegas).  But, as we used the room to get ready, wake up, etc., the blemishes began to show.  They didn't empty the trash (from the previous guest) in the kitchen.  Didn't restock the robes.  No cotton balls or Q-tips. Long black hair in the tub, on the floor and in the sink of the master bath.  The door to the toilet in the master bath was just a shower door that banged shut so loudly, I had to use the other bathroom in the night so as not to wake my husband.  We tried to log into the "free" wi-fi (part of the $25/night resort fee) so we could facetime our kids before they went to bed, but the wi-fi signal was so poor the whole time, we couldn't use it (this was true for our other friends staying in the hotel too). So, we went out for the evening and came back.  Then Housekeeping brought us robes (which were the most comfortable hotel robes I've ever used!).  Went to bed and heard the dang trains.  So much for the quiet side! In the morning, we made our "free in-room coffee", and it was your typical crappy packaged coffee out of a crappy coffee maker.  Why put those high end appliances in, which most people won't use, and then provide a crappy coffee maker which most people will use? Now, if we were in a regular Vegas hotel, we could just go downstairs and find a coffee shop and grab a good cup of coffee and some pastry and get past it.  But Trump doesn't offer that.  It's either really expensive room service ($9.00 for a small pot of coffee plus $3 delivery fee, plus 18% gratuity), or get showered & dressed & head down to the restaurant or 3-block walk to the strip.  I'm a coffee addict - gotta have it to get going, so to not have easy access to drinkable coffee is pretty rough on me.  The bathrooms were also lacking places to hang robes and hand towels. No hooks or racks other than on the shower door.  Not a big deal to just put my towel on the counter, but it's just another detail that Trump has lost in exchange for the "pow" of the first impression.  My husband did speak to them about our disappointments, and they readily gave us a $75 credit on our bill which was good.  But for about the same price or just a little bit more, we've stayed at the Venetian, the Palazzo, and Mandalay Bay with similar rooms and much, MUCH better amenities.  This is not the hotel for us.  We won't be back.
I was lucky number.... not!!! I took my chances and went with Hotwire with the booking and to my disappointment, I got the Trump Hotel.  I figured, this can't be that bad... well, it sorta is.. . Trump Hotel:. -Away from the strip, believe me it's a long walk to the general area. -Resort fee ($25/night) for all the necessary inclusions like wifi, free shuttle to Wynn and Caesars, shoe shine (only for BLACK shoes! no cognac or brown),. -No casino here. -Restaurant below is disappointing. -Stuck us in the handicap room... who does that?!. -No housekeeping for 2 nights?! C'mon, get your act together. . All in all, it's was a pretty bad experience for me and I would consider spending your dime elsewhere.  Extra thumbs down for no housekeeping. =(. . Meh...
Have you ever had the desire to listen to a train blasting its horn at 2am, 4am and 5am? What about constant honking from the congested valet parking area? Or, have always wanted to turn on a TV and enjoy the crackle of completely blown speakers?  What about...taking a mildly warm shower with only one of the shower heads pumping out warm water and the other producing cold? Then the Trump is the place for you! . . We've stayed at numerous hotels in Las Vegas. We do not spend a ton of time in the room... it's Vegas of course and you are there to have fun.  But, with that being said, your room should be a place you can retreat too when it's time to rest from all the fun. . . We tried the Trump and after reading some reviews about the train I was a little concerned. In the end we booked with them and took a chance.  I let the front desk know during checking it was our first time at the hotel and I was a little concerned about the train. The staff were very professional and courteous. The guy who checked us in mentioned we shouldn't hear anything as the building was designed very well and if so, let them know and they would accommodate us.  We were up on the 34th floor.  . . Upon entering the room, it was clean but a little worn looking. I turned on the TV to rest from the days travel and the speakers were blown as mentioned. TV #2 in the bedroom worked and I just pressed on ... we were not going to watch a lot of TV while there but... the set needed to be fixed at some point.. if not for us.. some other guests. . . Even up on the 34th floor you could hear a lot of honking going on below.  The way the hotel is setup.. the valet area is very small and it gets congested quick. The staff work hard to keep it moving but they get overwhelmed. So, this causes frustrations for people trying to leave, trying to merge on the the street and for the traffic on the street. Poor setup and flow. . . The hotel offers a shuttle service to the Bellagio and Caesar's.  it's a cattle call and the typical wait time is about 30 min.  It's just easier to catch a cab and move on. Again.. the staff/valet were nice/professional.  . . After a fun night out on the town... as I mentioned... the showers were luke warm at best and cold most of the time. Maybe we just got a room with issues? But, it just wasn't what we expected. . . I knew after being able to hear the cars below.... if the train did blast its horn... we would hear it... again... even up on the 34th floor.   Well... 2am rolls around... HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORN BLAAAAAAAAAST!   I just had to laugh.  This hotel is lauded for being so great when it was just average at best. The train sounded off again at 4 and 5.  I can't even imagine what the people on the first few floors must have heard. . . All in all... the Trump did not live up to what I have read in the glowing reviews on Yelp.  The place looked  worn, had noise problems and several other issues.  . . We will not be going back and we will not recommend others to stay there. . . Frank
Is it me or does it seem like Trump spent the majority of his budget on the exterior golden windows and lobby. Guestrooms were NOT impressive enough, after walking through the amazing lobby and  front desk area. Very dissapointed. For looking like a gold brick from the outside, the guestrooms are dull and lifeless.. . After staying at Wynn and Encore, Trump tower seems like a slight downgrade. I mean its probably fine if im a 65 yr old woman. . . Service here is seriously BELOW average. The Valet failed at washing my car, when they PROMISED to do so. They expected me to roll around Las Vegas Blvd in my dusty vehicle, dirty from my 9 hour drive!! super pissed!! At least they offered me a free towncar to and from The Strip. And later that night, they finally detailed our suv.. . Also......One of the girls at the poolside cafe, accidently, charged my boyfriend $200 for suntan lotion instead of $20. So glad he noticed and had the manager refund the 180$ (which took over 25 minutes of valuable tanning time.). . Some good things i liked about Trump was the food at the Poolside cafe. yummy. The gym was very nice too! I had a great workout.. I also Loved the decor.... in the LOBBY.. ONLY... . . Prob wont be back to the Trump International... unless i have a free offer. Encore is my HOME
Well.  I really wish I had a better review.  We really didnt have a good experience and wont be back.  . . The service is really, really lacking.  Something is wrong with housekeeping.. Our room didnt have a luggage rack (waited 20 minutes to unpack)  Discovered the next morning that I didnt have a hairdryer (waited 30 minutes for them to bring one)  Housekeeping never came when we requested, however they were in our room at 3pm when we came back from shopping.  . . This hotel, even though its a non gaming, is not without trash.  Dont think you are getting anything extra special.  What you are getting is a hotel that really far away from the strip, very poor service disguised by a good name.  . . We will not be back,
After staying at the Trump hotel in Honolulu, we thought we'd give this location as try for my bday weekend.. . it was such a disappointment!. . -. Dirty hotel room - dust on the tables, huge stain by the kitchenette, holes in the sheets and towels and a blood stain on the blanket.. Room service food was terrible!. Small for Las Vegas standards. . +. Nice front desk staff who upgraded us to a strip view. Shuttle that takes you to Ceasar forum shops & the Wynn hotel. . Next time I'll stick to my faves: Palazzo & Encore.
I too purchased this hotel through Hotwire. It was $141/night which is good if you get what they advertise, which I did not. I was charged a $28 per day resort fee, which I understand a resort fee in Vegas, but not $28 and not each day. They advertise high speed wi-fi which was the worst wi-fi and connection of all time in Vegas. No service anywhere in the hotel. I expected this because of the previous reviews. The hotel lobby was pretty and the shuttle was convenient but all in all it was not a five star hotel, more like a three star at best. Bathroom was beautiful, well done. Hotel service to deliver shampoo took 28 minutes. Not impressed. I will never stay at a Trump property again. Sorry Donald, I thought you were high class and fancy but your hotel in Vegas is subpar.
If you are not used to better you will like this place, BUT if you are used to better, you won't.. I have had better experiences at the JW Marriott.. This place looks nice, but it kind of sucks. Our room was on the side adjacent to train tracks, so every 2 to 3 hours (allthrough the night) we heard the train whistle. NOT RELAXING.. I asked the woman that checked us in JANET, where I could get my nails done, for a wedding the next day. She insisted that she knew a few places and would leave a message on my phone. She NEVER did. I was forced to go to the spa. I tried the spa services, and was not happy either. I got a mani-pedi, and the gel nails came off within two weeks. I paid $ 162.00 for this. They included the gratuity of course, whether I liked it or not, I HAD to leave a tip.. The worse part came when I checked out. I forgot a pair of shoes in my room. Housekeeping was right outside as we where leaving so I figured that they would be in lost and found. I called back on Monday, and spoke to THE RUDEST security officer (Ofc. Holder), he told me that the "Officer" in charge of lost and found was off until Wednesday, so call back then. WHAT?!? He didn't even want to take a message or write down information or NOTHING. I was insistent that he at least put me through to her voicemail, which he begrudgingly did. I left two messages, and waited. On Wednesday, i called back, and after speaking to several other security officers, I finally got ahold of Ofc Green, who insisted that she had left me a message. When I pressed her to confirm the number that she had called back, she had transposed the numbers and left the message on someone else's VM. She said she would call me the following day. It has now been 1 1.2 weeks, and I have not heard a word from them.. The hospitality business, is ALL ABOUT good customer service. The Trump Las Vegas, is lacking.. The only reason I am giving it 2 stars, is because the room was pretty. But pretty does not outshine bad customer service.
I've stayed at the Trump Hotel 3 times.  After checking in at 11:30pm, I came up to our room to find no toilet paper.  Not even tissue paper.  I called and asked for toilet paper to be restocked.  However, while I write this review, I'm still waiting.  Infact, I've been waiting 30 minutes to get toilet paper.  Seriously?  The response from the front desk woman (Corina) after offering to go get the toilet paper myself was that there was no way I'd be able to come get it, that'd I'd have to wait. I just called again and was told they were sorry, that someone was on their way up.  What kind of sick joke is this?
Its is a nice but def not 5 star- Upon our arrival the valet did not offer to help us with our bags- The sheet on our bed had a gigantic hole- was told by the front desk that a newspaper would be delivered to our room but it never arrived - one of the sinks in our room did not work.  All in all just not a experience I would expect from a Trump Hotel.
Ok. Mr Trump.  Here we go.  I would of given it 3 stars, but after you ignored my survey you sent me, I am sending this out for anyone considering your hotel.  I do not understand the 5 star reviews.  I am not quite sure they were at the same hotel.  Expensive, dilapidated and on the phone customer service could not care less when we needed anything.  I was told pull out sofa for my daughter (they don't have double queens) was with a pillow top and super comfy.  No.... it wasn't ..  It had broken springs, no pillow top, and no comforter.  I called and was told they were out of that stuff.  Incredible.  I had a crying eleven year old that did not want to sleep there at midnight.  She was on vacation also, not some free loader.  We demanded help.  Eventually, an hour later, a chamber maid, the second one, said she saw one in another room and went and got it for us.  We tipped her highly.  Mr. Trump you should of tipped her not us.  We tipped her for making up for what your hotel did not do.  . . No way will we come back again.. . Your fired.
The last time I stayed here my room had an overpowering and sickening cigarette smell. This is supposed to be a non-smoking facility. I gave it one more try and had the same exact issue. It was sickening. They obviously don't enforce the no smoking policy and don't care about their guests very much. Never again. I complained to the front desk both time and all they did was apologize. How about fumigating those stinky rooms!
The service really sucks!. When we arrived at 4pm and checked in, we were told that our room has not been ready yet and will be ready soon. We we're put to wait for almost one hour but they still haven't contact us.. So I have to wait another long line. The front desk just poker face the whole time and really impatient at all.. I give 2 stars only because the room look alright. But I give 0 star for the service
Had my mother stay here thinking that it would be the best bet for her to enjoy er birthday especially since it was soo close to the mall and because of the Thanksgivign Holiday, no need for parking for Black Friday......in any case, the room we got was a 1 bedroom studio suite.  . . I admit the the bathroom was very big, and had a TV in the mirror which was a nice touch.  Jacuzzi tub and shower with phone in the bath seemed like this as going to be a experience of luxury.....however after careful inspection of the room I noticed a few things,.......missing......light bulbs in the ligthing fixtures......1 miissing in the bathroom, 1 missing on one of the bedside lamps, and 1 missing on the floor lamp. . . Also, noticed that the ligth switches are really chea, so cheap that one of them was broken from previous customers.....so as a result, got the front desk to send maintenace crew to fix these issues.. . Because the hotel is close to the railroad tracks, expect to hear the train come on through.....late a t night too.. . My mother also eplained to me that the hotel smelled of mold, and smelled musty .  We booked a room for her to go the MGM which was way better.. . To be honest I will not stay at the Trump again.   It was pretty bad, and I would not recommend anyone go.
