If you're lucky enough for the guy behind the counter to remember your order, then remember to make your pizza after having to remind him twice and then have the time to wait over an hour for you pizza, then you may like this sort of place.. . Don't get me wrong - the pizza here is pretty good, but if you come here on a busy night, don't be too shocked if the above scenario happens to you.. . After an hour of waiting for my pie, I inquired with the gregarious guy behind the counter (who encouraged me to order a whole pizza in the first place) as to its status.  He then said something to the guy making the pizza, but 15 minutes later, still nothing.  I then decided to cut through the middleman and ask the guy making the pies myself.  I then saw him take a plain cheese that had been sitting out for about 10 minutes and throw some toppings on it and then into the oven.  After waiting for that long, I didn't care that my pizza wasn't even fresh, but the icing on the cake was that they didn't even get my order right.  There was a guy in front of me whose order was messed up too.  Honestly, if I hadn't already paid, I would've left or if I hadn't already left a 20+% tip, I would've left nothing (and I've never left nothing!).. . Try to avoid coming here on busy nights.  Otherwise, good luck.
The pizza was okay. Not the best I've had. I prefer Biaggio's on Flamingo / Fort Apache. The chef there can make a MUCH better NY style pizza. The pizzeria @ Cosmo was over priced for the quality and lack of personality in the food. Biaggio's is a much better pick if youre going for italian - family owned, home made recipes, people that actually CARE if you like their food. You dont get that at a pizzeria in a casino. I dont care what you say...
I was looking forward to finding and eating at this place based on the reviews I've red on yelp.  Unfortunately, I was a little disappointed.  I had a pepperoni and sausage pizza slice and another slice that had meatballs, sausage, green peppers, and olives.  The latter was recommended by one of the workers there.  The pepperoni and sausage pizza was ok.  The other slice didn't really have much taste.  I had an oily film-like taste on my tongue that I couldn't wash down with Coke, but went away after 45 minutes.  haha.. . This place is designed to be like a small pizza joint with a couple TVs to watch sports.  They just had a few side tables with 5 barstools.  If it gets a little busy, you just have to find space and stand. . . The only cool thing about this place was that it was hidden and had an interesting time finding this place.  Note, it didn't take long after asking the concierge.  =). . As a local, it wasn't worth going to the Strip just to go to this place.  Factor in the Strip prices for food, I would not go back to this place, unfortunately. . . Grimaldi's is still the best in my opinion.
$42 for a whole pie?! Some expensive pizza,.. . . My coworkers and I were informed about a secret pizza joint in the cosmopolitan,. so after work, we went on a search.. for the NEW YORK STYLE PIZZA place joint.. . I was expecting a fancy sit down restaurant,. but the location was found in between some wooden doors and down the hall,. a regular TOGO pizza joint.  Felt like I was in a sub way,. but I think thats the atmosphere they were trying to create, with ping pong tables and black/white tiles on the wall. . . The cashier didn't really sell me on the toppings,. and kept saying they were out of toppings,. like onions,. and when I asked to be charged on two seperate credit cards,. they charged it all on one card,.. great how can I report this to accounting?! I mean we are each indivduallyon VISA GIFT CARD limits on this work trip!. . I def should have ordered by the slice, it would have been a lot cheaper.. . This place is overhyped,. I've had better pizza,.. and if you come,.  order by the slice,. cause it would be so much cheaper,. WE HAD A WHOLE pizza left over,. that we left at the bar!
Wow, you guys really think this is the best pizza? Then I guess you don't know what good pizza is other than a triangle shaped piece of bread with stuff cooked on top. . . Want bad ass delicious pizza for a fraction of the price?! Then go to Joe's NY Pizza. 2 locations on the strip and they deliver to your hotel room. I paid $17 for 3 slices and a drink at this place. Joe's Pizza gets you 19 inches of 2 layered meat pie for about $25. Trust me. You won't finish more than 2 slices on your own. . . http://lasvegasblvd.joesnypizza.com/zgrid/proc/site/sitep.jsp
Over rated is what comes to mind when I think of this place.  It may be because there is no real good pizza places here in vegas so people rate this place higher than normal the pizza is average at best. The sauce is bland and the cheese seems to be way to greece and takes away from the the taste of the pizza
What are people judging this place on????  Is it the food or the atmosphere?  The atmosphere sucked.  There are barely any stools and the counters were dirty.  I went here totally sober and the pizza is just mediocre.  It's not bad, it just okay.  I wouldn't go out of my way to come here for pizza as it's not that special.   . . On the other hand, if I was totally wasted and starving at 3am in the morning after a night of partying... then this place certainly makes sense.  Guys don't bring your girl here on a date!  And girls if your bf brings you here on a date, take my advice and ditch him.  Your guy is just cheap and you deserve better.
Heard and heard and heard about the 'secret' pizzeria in the Cosmopolitan... and after a night at the club we stopped here to try it out. I got the pepperoni pizza and the white pizza just for the heck of it... and at $5 a slice... it was pretty cheap because the slices are huge! . . The pepperoni was good... but really, for me, nothing to dance about! Granted I've never been to New York (YET) so I can't compare... but it really didn't do anything for me. I had a bite of the white pizza but threw it away... it tasted... off... for lack of a better word. :( Wish I could give this place more stars s but I just can't... I'll have to swing over to Earl of Sandwich (which I never got to try) next time!. . Oh... and the cashier (skinny tall blonde)... needs to work on her customer service skills!
Maybe I missed the memo that you had to be drunk to think the funky tasting pizza with a horrible aftertaste is good. And at $4.50+ a slice, it was a bit pricey for crap.. . Add to that $3.25 for a plastic party cup of fountain soda? Seriously?! I understand your establishment is in a casino, but soda prices are getting incredibly ridiculous nowadays!. . I will give them 2 stars for a nice, hidden location, with amazing scents emanating down the vinyl album lined hallway. The staff was friendly enough, if not a little slow in the service side.
On my search for Vegas Pizza to find something that I can be excited about coming to since I live on the West coast now. I tried three joints all within an hour of each (piasonos, metro, and finally the secret pizza at the cosmopolitan.. . The first one is not it, Metro had a good flavor, I would go there again. Now I get to this Unknown place in this beautiful casino nice atmosphere and chef was cool. Well the pizza had a nice crust which is one of my favorites. I had the white pizza with the different cheeses, the flavor was a little short of what I was hyped up on, but I can say I wasn't mad. I should have chosen something I could give a more honest opinion on like plain cheese or pepperoni. I'm sure I would've liked one of them, but I'm not that happy reading reviews and being hyped up on what other people are bragging so much about, being that I'm a Chicago native and I know real pizza. Maybe next time I come to Vegas I'll try one of the other styles of pizza to give this a more reasonable review.
This is worth going to for the experience.  Read a little about how to find it, but don't study the directions.  Get lost trying to find this place, it is half the fun.. . The pizza is ok, but it is counter pizza that needs to be heated up.
The only reason everyone is writing 4 or 5 star reviews is because they ended up here buzzed or drunk after a long trek from Marquee.  I guess alcohol kills taste buds because not only is the pizza greasy, it lacks taste.  That or they fool themselves that the pizza tastes good after a 45 minute wait in line.  Seriously, I can make this pizza at home because it's just reheated pizza.  (Actually I can't because I don't have an industrial pizza cooker).
Ok...  I love trying to find new pizza spots. I ain't gonna lie the fact that this place is hidden was really cool.  I kept seeing people with these slices of pizza and I'm like...  hey!!!  where you get that... and they like... its a secret!  hehaea... someone told me.. . So...  I like to try new pizza places.  I'm in search of the best pizza!  or like my mom says... peekza.. . I been to chicago, miami, new york...  and a bunch of other places.  I got a decent basis for judging pizza. So everytime i go any where i order a pepperoni and then whatever special.... . now...  The pizza was average.  The cheeses were not high grade and you can tell because a high quality cheese will melt evenly and you won't see too much of a cut between the oil and the cheese.  This pizza had pockets of oil... so instantly i knew it was a midgrade cheese.. . In new york, (which doesn't have the best pizza by the way but are top contenders) they throw chunks of mozarella...  they look like little mcnuggest and boom...  you get this sexy cheese spread.  And no pockets of oil...  . . The sauce wasn't knock your socks off good...  but it was decent.  Not too sweet. a little on the thin side for me.... . But it was a decent slice.  What killed it is the price.  I paid for two slices and a can of orange crush 15 bucks.  I was like... for serious?. . Add it to room 1159...   it didn't work no registered guess in that name.  oh well.. . So i dish out my card... cry a little bit.  then eat my pizza.
The only good thing about Secret Pizza is the location and the name.  Pretty creative to called themselves secret and not have signs or direction to this place.. . I was not impressed by the pizza at all.  It wasn't bad, just average.
So I'm very late writing this review but I feel weird saying I didn't like this place because of all the hype! I went here and the pizza and the service were about the same...blah! The girl that worked here seemed more interested in chatting with her coworker than taking our order and helping us. The pizza was kinda salty, in my opinion, nice concept of a hidden pizza spot but I will not be returning.
Category: Overrated!. . After much calories burned at Marquee, we decided to seek out the "secret" pizza. The intrigue quickly dissipated when we found it under 5 minutes (thanks Yelp). And, the door was wide open and there were a bunch of people standing in line. We got there around 2AM and we waited 20 minutes to simply order a pizza. We ordered a whole pizza with 3 toppings (sausage, onions, mushrooms) and they told us we had to wait another 25 minutes. We were so hungry, so we bought a slice of whitepizza ($5, ricotta cheese, no tomato sauce) to hold us over. It was unremarkable and the crust was dried out too.. . We waited and waited, and finally we got our pie box. It was piping hot. Everything looked amazing. We dove in. And it was unorgasmic. There was nothing unique about the pizza and again the crust was dry and not chewy. I threw on hot peppers, garlic, and herbs to make it more tasty but to no avail. . . I'd rate the pizza 3 stars. The price is 2 stars ($26 for a three-topping pie). In conclusion, it is not worth the 45 minute wait. If there is no wait and you're terribly hungry, I'd say go for it.
Over.. wait for it, wait for it.. rated.  . . Even at 3am after finishing a night at Marquee, this place was not good.  The pizza if you order by the slice ($5 each) is reheated in the oven.   So NOT fresh and good.  . . We also got a whole pie that was a bit better because it was made fresh but it still wasn't great.  I personally like the pizza place in NYNY better.  This pizza actually tasted better the next day, cold.. . Not much of a secret anymore.  It's on the third floor. Look for a big wooden door but it was kept open when we went because the line was so long and took forever.
OVERRATED. The pizza itself is decent tasting...nothing wrong with it tastewise at all, but it definitely is not amazing and NOT worth the $8 for A slice and the long line. Cut the price by half and I would give this place another star. All the people who love this place must have been drunnkkkk because as good as the pizza is, it is not that special.
I'm really confused .. I'm not sure why everyone thinks this place is so great. It wasn't a very memorable pizza in my opinion, but it did fill up my tummy after leaving Marquee. . . I guess the convenience is pretty cool, but at about $5 a slice and having to wait in line for days (especially during the wee hours of the night) I would much rather go to Earl of Sandwich.
I've gotta admit, it'sone of those places were the good reviews puzzle me.  I think the key to getting a pizza here is to order a whole one fresh and take it to go.  So now that you know the "secret" I'll go on with my review.... . I was worried about even finding this place since it's supposed to be a "secret" but all the restaurants mainly being on the 3rd floor give it away a bit.  You'll find the secret pizza shop down a long hallway lined with album covers.  It's a very cool concept really!  Hide the cheapest option in Vegas so you feel like you've "hit the jackpot" when you score a New York style slice for $3.50!. . I was a bit confused by the menu.  Well, it's not even a menu, it's a sign that says slice of pizza $3.50 and whole pizza XX amount (sorry, can't remember the whole pizza amount).  Since a lot of the business I suspected was by the slice, my idea was you can add on toppings and they'll "bake" (reheat) it on the spot.  Not the case.... . There's around 4 or 5 pizza's sitting out that you choose from.  Better hope you like what's sitting out, because that's your only option by the slice.  I love mushrooms, so I wanted a cheese and mushroom pizza.  No luck for Rachel.  . . I instead ordered the white pizza with tomato and spinach and I thought they'd pop it into the stove for a couple seconds to heat it up.  No such luck.  It's served to you right then and there.  I think that's why it came out a little dry and underwhelming for me.  It wasn't "right out of the oven" but out of the oven a couple minutes/a while later...And that really made me not a fan.  But I really think I would have thought differently about it had it been right out of the oven.  So order the whole pie and do it the right way!
Definitely not impressed. To be honest, I think chain pizza places like Domino's and Papa John's are much better than this. The concept is cool, a secret pizza place hidden at the end of a hallway that's extremely easy to miss if you're not looking. (I didn't even know this place existed and I've eaten in Jaleo and DOCG right next to this place!) The hallway is fun to look at while waiting in line, as it's plastered with old  vinyl record covers. . . I had the white pizza slice and another with ricotta and sun dried tomatoes. Both were very oily, and tasted like they had been sitting out for a while. The cheese was not stretchy, ooey, or gooey, but rather sort of dry. Also very salty. . . Maybe I would have better thoughts of the food here if I hadn't come sober. But then everything tastes amazing after a few drinks.
The best pizza in town!  used to be--what happened????
I am mystified by the glowing reviews for this place.  So-so, overpriced pizza that is no secret at all.  Just because no one named this place doesn't make it a secret.
Overrated, at best. I was sober when I ate their pizza, so perhaps this influenced my perception of it. Unlike most of their patrons, I wasn't famished and drunk. . . The pizza was really greasy and didn't have that much flavor. Some of the crust was good, but it was really similar to Sbarro at the mall. It is fine if you want to eat for $5, but I wouldn't make any special trips to this place.
This place is definitely overrated. In terms of Vegas currency, yes $5 a slice is "cheap", but I don't think they quality of pizza they serve is worth it at all.  They even try to trick people into thinking they are snagging a great deal if they buy an entire pizza, which is $30 for 3 toppings. I ate here twice, once when I was pretty drunk and once when I was sober, and it tasted the same both times I came--slightly burnt and overwhelmingly greasy.. The long line is due to the slow pace of the pizza makers and cashier, not because of popularity of this hard-to-find pizza joint.
I really don't know why this place has such good reviews. Maybe everyone was really drunk when they had the pizza and thought it was the best thing in the world because they were starving? Not sure... But I thought this place was totally overrated, which is unfortunate because I was really excited for it! . . I went during EDC weekend so it was a little busier than usual in Vegas. I waited in line for almost an hour to order, then waited another 30 minutes or so to get the pizza! (I ordered a whole one because it was cheaper than ordering a bunch of slices. I think it was almost $30 for a pizza vs. around $4/slice) The line got really confusing at the front. There were like two lines or something and everyone was confused as to who to order from. There was a crowd by the cash register and people just swarming everywhere. I'm assuming this was because it was a packed weekend, but not sure!. . The pizza was very thin and really greasy. I expected so much more from the raving reviews and the 1.5 hour wait! Of course we were starving so we destroyed it, but we should've just gone to McDonald's across the street. That would've been way cheaper and faster... Oh well, at least we gave it a shot! It wasn't TERRIBLE, but I just don't think it was worth it. We got a sausage pizza and it was okay.... . PS I had little to no signal while waiting in there!! (I have AT&T) Very frustrating when you're trying to meet people up and make plans for the night, but what can you do...
Maybe I stumbled upon a bad day here, but I was thoroughly unimpressed with Secret Pizza. After all the hype from my friends and seeing the huge line, I told myself it was worth it but was quite disappointed in the end.. . After a long night, a group of us decided to come here around 3 in the morning. We were faced with about an hour long wait among the crowd of drunk and hungry party-goers. The slices are all laid out and there's plenty of employees and ovens for them to fill. I still don't understand why the line is so ridiculously long.. . I ended up getting a slice of white pizza with mushrooms and sausage on it. Nothing extraordinary here. Cheap piece of dough, scattered pieces of meat, and barely any substance. Honestly, it tasted like it came out of a frozen pizza box you get at Grocery Outlet. I've had some amazing NY style pizza. I've even had out of this world vegetarian NY style pizza, which is rare for me. Secret Pizza just didn't cut it. . . What makes it worse is it's $5 a slice. I know Vegas can be expensive, but that's probably the most expensive slice of pizza I've ever had.
Secret Pizza was the first stop of my friend's 22nd birthday celebration last month. She had heard so much about it that she absolutely had to include it. You know the drill. Whatever birthday girl says, goes.. . This place really is hidden in The Cosmo though. Basically, you're looking for this random hallway. That's all I'll spill. Can't spoil it too much for everyone right?. . We had seven people in our group, so we waited, and waited, then waited some more. It took a while to reach that point in line where you could see the menu and prices posted on a wall. I realize that they also fulfill phone orders from the hotel's guests, but we were practically forced to order individual slices because waiting for a whole pizza would take an hour. Anyway, we each finally got our $5 pizza slices after at least 30 minutes, then walked out to stand around and munch on 'em.. . To be frank, the pizza was decent, but overhyped and not worth the wait or price.
This is not a secret. It's a goddamn pizza spot, inside of a really popular hotel/casino, with a ridiculously long line. It's hard to miss.. . The pizza is fine. But is a slice of pizza worth $5? Is a slice of pizza worth waiting in line for an hour or more? Never. It's offensive and makes this place even dumber than its name.
I will admit I ate the secret pizza after leaving Marquee at 2am... . . It was a fun night and I really wanted to have some of this blow-my-brains-out-awesomeness that everyone seems to be raving about... huge disappointment for me.  Yes, it may be the whole hype that got my expectation up but it was okay... good... but definitely not something that i care to go back to.  . . It was more of a place you go once to go and then you never have to go again lol  The slice was thin which I adore thin crust... but it was pretty doughy which I dont like and it shouldnt be like that! Its suppose to have that crunch on the outside with the soft interior but nope! not this slice I had or the bite I stole from my fiance (and it was two different type of pizza so its not one of those "you got the bad one this one time").
This place totally IS a secret. I had no idea where they were. I knew they were in the COSMOPOLITAN but once I got in I couldn't find them. There are no signs that point to their location that I knew of. The establishment itself didn't even have a sign upon entering. I found out that they were . . LOCATED on the 3rd floor of the cosmo. There is an entrance hallway next to the pool table and escalators. I should have looked on the yelp reviews but I didn't so I just asked a hotel worker. . . The ENVIRONMENT was exactly what I expected, SMALL with no tables to sit. They have a counter and that's about it. They do have an arcade machine which kept my son entertained while we waited. This place gets really busy so you will have to take your food to go (Don't know where though) or eat standing up. . . The SERVICE was not a good experience.  We were the only ones there at the time we walked in and we had no greeting whatsoever. Then, it took about a couple minutes for someone to even take our order. Next came the over promising. Since I ordered an entire pie, I was told that there was a pie in the oven and it would be about 10 minutes. That pie that was in the oven...you know the one the guy said was for us...well, it did not go to us. Nor did the second pie. On the third pie, we had to go back to the counter and remind them we were still waiting.  Only then did finally we get it. No apology. That is my pet peeve.   . . The QUALITY of the PIZZA was such a disappointment.  Since there were 5 of us, we just ordered the entire pie because it was a better value. Each slice is about 5 dollars and the entire pie is about 27 dollars depending on which one you get.  Our choice was pepperoni.  I understand that sometimes people can order the wrong item but, in this case, I doubt it would have made any difference.  First, their pizza is thin crust which is fine. I like thin crust pizza but the crust is very soft and limp which made it hard to eat. Kinda like a new yorker but worse..almost uncooked.  It just kept flapping all over the place and going limp just prior to getting in my mouth. Second, it was very very oily. I'm talking about Pizza Hut type sprayed on oil dipped in more oil. I had pizza juice running all over my hands and mouth.  Some of you might like that, which is totally cool but not for me. . . I am going to give it two stars though because I don't think I can ever give any pizza joint 1 star. Plus, the employees did speak in a friendly manner. Even though they did not serve us well.  Bottom line is, the name matches perfectly. Nobody should know about this place.
Really??? Really that good?? So one evening, me and my wife decided to really go and find this mystical secret pizza. I mean, you have 1000 review, so you better be . good right? . . Well, after searching and ending up asking one of my good friend that happen to be a manager at blue ribbon restaurant. Amazingly its next to blue ribbon inside a small alley. We find it and we tried it. Amazing??? No, Cheap, yes. Unforgettable?? Hardly.. . Its just like regular pizza really. You want a good pizza for a super deal and taste absolutely magnificent go to Trevi in Cesar Palace. Monster size pizza for $15 dollars. The whole 13 inch of pizza with 8 slice not 1 slice and taste so so. . . A one and done for me. Regretted not eating at blue ribbon since we specially hunt out this supposedly secret place.
Okay so I'm not a fanatic pizza connoisseur, and I'm from Baltimore, not New York, so I don't have a pizza superiority complex or anything, but come on with the rave reviews. Now if you're experiencing a free buzz compliments of the casino downstairs, I can see how you might mistake this place for great, but really it's pretty average. Trying to find the place while traversing through the hipster mind game that is the Cosmopolitan was better than the actual slice.
We just wanted to grab a quick bite to eat in between seeing LOVE and going clubbing. We were starving and totally up for something casual. We learned of this place and were so excited since it sounded perfect. . .  I was so disappointed. Mostly with the service- totally unfriendly, you couldn't even see/tell what kind of pizzas they had available at the time (for instance, it looked like they didn't have any cheese so my friend didn't end up ordering that. then someone did order it and it turned out it was below the counter?). The pizza was very meh- okay but nothing special. When I asked for a to-go container to take my second piece back with me, they handed me a paper bag? Which was kind of bizarre. And I know some people on here have said it's not overpriced for Vegas, but if I buy overpriced pizza it better be great pizza. And this was not. It's too bad because I really do love the idea of a pizza place like this being hidden away in the Cosmo. But it's not worth it. . .  (Note, I think of places like Antonio's in Amherst, MA where you grab a drunken slice after the bars and OMG the superiority of that pizza compared to this).
White Pizza ($5/slice): nice, crispy crust, but I've had better, tastier White pizzas . Sicilian ($8/slice): this crust was also crispy (in a good way), and I liked it better than the White, but I've had better Sicilians (most notably in NY). . I know it's not fair to compare NY pizzas to anything outside of NY, but it's hard not to. And it's hard to ignore the premium prices for not-so-premium pizzas.. . 2.5 stars
Secret Pizza is at the Cosmopolitan.. . I was on a mission to check this hole in the wall pizza joint. Its hidden at the end of an unmarked hallway, on the 3rd floor.  Secret Pizza is a small place with no seats or tables. There are counters along the walls to post up at and get your eat on.  Fellow Yelper Ingrid R came along and we shared a slice of cheese pizza.. . Either I came with super high expectations (based on all the rave Yelp reviews) or our particular slice was off because the pizza was just ok.  There really was nothing spectacular about it. I'm pretty sure had I been buzzed and starving from a night of clubbing at Marquee, a slice of pizza from here would be money.. . As mediocre as my initial visit here was, I'm a sucker and will and go back to try the White Pizza everyone keeps mentioning in their reviews!
Do not believe the hype!! This place is super overrated. My friends and I were excited because of all the good things we heard about this place BUT $45 for 8 slices of pizza (pepperoni and mushroom only!) and a 1 hour wait after a full day of drinking at Marquee day club is not the business, (and you know everything tastes extra bomb after a day/night of drinking), but this place was mediocre, nothing special to this pizza joint. The place is also tiny, and claustrophobic as hell.
I don't know what the fuss about this place is about.... . We waited 1.5 hours for a couple slices of pizza. The line wasn't even long at all. We were maybe 15 people deep. This place is just extremely inefficiently set up. The guys are jumping around everywhere to grab a pizza, grab toppings, throw it in the oven, grab parmesan, etc.... . The pizza itself was decent but waiting 1.5 hours for 2 slices...
Its ok when your drunk.. Other than that its nothing special
Have the people who rave about this place never had pizza before or are they plain drunk? This place is about as standard as pizza gets. Sure, it is not bad, but there is nothing going on here that sets it apart from other competent pizza joints. In the same building, a couple dozen yards away, you find excellent Neapolitan pizza at DOCG. It is a more expensive, but on another realm when it comes to satisfying your taste buds. If you are drunk in the Cosmo and need nourishment, this is not a bad bet. If not, there are plenty of better options.
Overrated!. . The pizza is just ok, and like many reviewers say there isn't much to choose from.  To top it all off the staff is nothing but a bunch of guys that think they're still 16 but sadly are not.  Customer service is lacking big time.. . This place is ridiculously overpriced for a meh slice of pizza and a solo cup of soda.  I think this is purely a case of people jumping on a bandwagon simply because its a "secret" pizza spot thats not so secret considering you can ask anyone how to find it, including google.. . Don't waste your time looking for this subpar, expensive pizza unless you just want an "adventure."
I might be biased because I'm not a fan of pizza....but then I don't think I'm biased because I can tell from a good pizza to an average pizza...and this is no good pizza.. . My boyfriend usually gets hungry during night time.  Since we are already staying at The Cosmopolitan, we decided to hunt down this place and check out the "mystery" secret pizza place.  He's a typical guy's guy so pizza is his thing, and even he said that it was average.
Was not easy to find this place , a cleaning lady at the restroom took us there, the deco was really cool but the pizza is so average and $6 a piece was crazy
We waited in line for 45 minutes. the line in front if us got longer as people met up with their friends post pool session,   we started with 10 people ahead, and eventually had 30 ahead of us, who individually ordered . by the time we got to the front,  the pickings were so slim. they said it would be another 30 minutes for a SLICE of pepperoni. and we got a disgusting piece of mixed pizza toppings (some of which I couldn't identify)and split it. very disappointing.   will not be going back. better luck at a costco food court. The drinks were in Red Solo Cups, and I'm pretty sure they were $4-5 each for one fill up. We left hungry. We bought drinks at a downstairs shop, and made a note to never come back.
