My husband and I stayed here recently for 3 nights.  I liked the beauty of the resort, the understated sense of elegance and luxury.  The size is fantastic, not gigantic and overwhelming.  The suites are spacious, gorgeous with lots of high tech convenience.  So for the facility I would rate Encore 5 stars.. Unfortunately, the service I received while staying there truly left a sour taste in my mouth and I would not likely stay there again.  Why?. 1.  At check-in, the woman working behind the counter neglected to inform us that we would be directly across from the XS lounge which starts blaring music from 10:30pm until 4am.  So even on the 19th floor, the music was disturbingly loud so that I couldn't sleep for the first 2 nights.  When I called down to the front desk to complain, they offered me ear plugs which I don't use.  If I had been informed about the noise from the XS lounge, I would have requested a room at the other side of the hotel.. 2.  When we got to our room, we were relaxing on our bed and realized that the left side of the bed was completely saggy.  I called down to the front desk and instead of immediately telling me that they would switch my room or upgrade me, they said they would send housekeeping to change out the mattress.  WTH??  When housekeeping arrived, they said they could either put a board underneath the mattress or switch out the existing mattress for a new one. We chose to have a new mattress then had to leave our room for over 30 mins so that this could be done.  Major hassle.. 3.  When we checked out, I spoke to the man working behind the counter and told him of the issues we had experienced during our stay.  I said that if the stay was perfect, I would not mind paying for the resort fee but as it was, I felt that it was a more than reasonable request to have the resort fee waived.  Esp. since I did not sign the agreement slip to pay for this fee during check-in.  The man would not agree to waive the resort fee and I asked to speak to the front desk manager.. 4.  This is where my experience got even worse and left an even bigger bad taste in my mouth.  The front desk manager, Robert Cosko, did not agree to waive the resort fee.  Once again, I told him about the issues I had while staying at the Encore.  Without saying anything, he turned and went back to the back area of the front desk.  I waited at the front desk for 5~10 mins.  He came back and told me that there were no records that I had called about the mattress . . . like I was lying about this incident.  Which I didn't believe him anyway because I believe in a place like Wynn the would keep either phone or computer records of all conversations for liability concerns.  Then I had the sense that he was looking at me up and down, trying to gauge if I was a "valuable' guest ie~ big spender worth being nice to.  Obviously, he decided that I was not because once again, he stated that the resort fee could not be waived.  This really made me mad since as we all know, high rollers are comp for everything at a casino resort and different charges and fees are waived all the time.. . Since I did not agree to this fee upon check-in and I did not use the services that emcompasses the resort fee, I am challenging this charge on my credit card.. . I met Steve Wynn once when he came to my school to speak (U of Penn, Wharton) and I liked him and know that he is a hard working man.  And he has certainly accomplished a lot in his lifetime.  Unfortunately, while his staff is well trained, their interaction with me was not friendly and warm and did not make me feel like a pampered, welcome guest.. . I believe in service and am willing to pay for it.  In this instance, I did not receive any worth writing about hence the 2 stars.
Not quite sure what all of the fuss is about with the Wynn Encore. The view from the 32nd floor was of the distant mountains, yes, but also of a Ross and some construction. Woo hoo. So yes, be sure to ask for a view of the strip, not the Ross!!. . The decor is not my taste. Can you say gaudy!?? Gigantic butterflies tramp stamp the carpets and the chandeliers in the casino dangle ominously overhead  like giant red tarantulas waiting for their prey.  If you are a flaming homosexual male and listen to Cher this might be right up your alley but somehow the whole thing seemed ridiculous to me. All that money and you put freaken butterflies on the carpet?!  And the drapes? Oh no honey, the drapes do not match the carpet!. . The room was ok. Everyone else was thrilled with it. I thought the furniture looked like it was covered in shellac- so what if you have remote control drapes?  The decor reminded me of the apartment that Ray Liota's girlfriend had in Goodfellas. PLASTIC. The bathroom fixtures were nice though.. . I too got pitched the players card at the Casino by a woman who said she would be back in 10 minutes after she got my info and NEVER came back. After hours of the damn card not working- I got $10.00 in free play. After several more hours on the machines, I earned 60 points which earned me nothing. The woman who gave me the card said I would get emails and text messages and up to 200 points just for signing up. None of that happened but at least they keep the drinks coming...for the most part.. . The Wynn Encore did a decent job outfitting their cocktail waitresses in beaded skimpy dresses, (which also look cheap up close) but um HELLO where is the man candy?!!!!  It's time Steve Wynn wises up to the fact that women have money to spend in Las Vegas too-. so hire some cute cocktail waiters and bartenders and let us have our fun.. . Botero was yet another overpriced Vegas steak joint where the difference between well, medium, well and medium rare is still confused and the waiter didn't ask how anything was until we were finished eating- didn't even bother to come by after the food was delivered and no, they weren't busy. My fifty dollar 8oz petite filet was something I could have gotten Outback except outback may have cooked it to order.. No thanks Wynn.. .  I'll keep shopping around for my favorite Las Vegas hotel. The Wynn reminds me of a cheap pair of shoes- take a closer look and they scream, "Made in China!"
Just nothing special and far away from the hub of the area.. . The rooms and pools and casino were all fine--but that's it, fine is not good enough.  If you have stayed at Paris and Caesars or Bellagio or any of the good casino hotels, they are all fine, so to truly be special, they have to be really good.  Encore is fine and if it was closer to the action, I'd rate it one more star, but being stuck out where it is makes it a pain to get around.  SO if you want to just stay within the Wynn and Encore, it is fine, but when in Vegas, I'd rather not be stuck at one place.. . When I checked in I was offered the $20/nite upgrade for a panoramic view as others have mentioned and when I got the room, I had a great view of massive parking lots and construction cranes.  A horrible view.  Yes, on the 56th floor, but horrible all the same.  I called down and the person I spoke to admitted yes, many people do not like the view and she said because of the Wynn, "Encore really does not have any great views". she agreed to "downgrade" me back to my original price at a lower floor.  Which ended  up having a MUCH better view of the pool, but if you have been to the hotels down Las Vegas Blvd. (Paris, Caesars, etc.) they have MUCH better views than Encore.
This hotel is gorgeous but overpriced.  Here's my take:. Rooms - really nice, clean & spacious. Service Overall  - meh. Front desk  - meh. Reservations line - my experience calling was always pleasant . Bars & Lounges - nice but too expensive. Clubs - didn't go. Restaurants - nice but too expensive. Pools - ok. Resort fees - annoying. Spa - fantastic!. Shows - saw Le Reve and enjoyed it. Shopping - no way!  $250 for a pair of swim trunks!!. . I don't see the difference between this resort's much higher price tag on everything compared to that of other Vegas hotels.  Except for the spa I was not impressed with the level of customer service through out the resort.  The Wynn & Encore boast their 5 star rating but I remain unimpressed.  Service is just OK to mediocre.  . . I've stayed here twice with similar results.  I would only return if I had a special packaged deal or comp'ed rooms.
XS and Tryst nightclubs really make this hotel...so does Encore Beach Club I'm sure as well as Le Reve.  I would award Encore many more stars for the simple fact they gave us a room on the 63rd floor (top of the building) with an amazing view for an awesome deal AND it came with free tickets to Le Reve.  . . HOWEVER, on our last day I noticed there were many charges for movies on my account.  Yes, we watched a couple of movies, but we went back and forth between them (don't ask).  Every time we did it was another $15 charge.  The front-desk refused to correct the charges.  I don't know what else to say - despite all the pluses in this hotel that one last display of disrespect towards a guest like me (who spent plenty at the hotel) was disheartening and extremely disappointing :(
I loved my experience here. The place is stunningly beautiful and the bed and linens totally blew my mind. That being said, my opinion of Encore is lowered substantially because of my experience dealing with the lost and found department. A couple of hours after checking out, I realized I had forgotten my phone charger. I was still going to be in town for another day, so I called and left a message with the lost and found folks. No response. Called again the next morning, left another message, and three days later, still no response. Why?! That's incredibly uncool, and I don't plan on returning to Encore as a result of this. I do plan on buying a new dang phone charger, though. Jerks.
Be prepared to be nickle and dimed to death at this overpriced tourist trap of a resort. Although my room was very nice, amenities were lacking and my two-star review is based on the fact this place seemed very overpriced for what you get. . . I stayed in a $500 / night Encore Tower Suite on the 51st floor that featured a beautiful view of the "cheap side" of the strip (Wynn is situated at the top of the strip so the cheap side overlooks the Stratosphere while the opposite side of the hallway had views of everything else and rooms were pricier). Encore Tower Suites is supposedly the VIP area of the hotel.. . As far as I can tell, the only difference between this and the other, non-VIP side of the hotel is a huge increase in the nightly rate and smaller check-in lobby.  So basically it is for suckers like me. Encore Tower Suites is not in the same ballpark of hotel as the more established brands like The Four Seasons, and in a cheap city like Vegas I'd be shocked if better options did not exist. . . This hotel aggrivated me from the start with a la carte pricing for nearly everything I wanted to do. . . Wi-fi was $14 a night for EACH laptop. (unforgivable!). . Placing a non-hotel beverage in the in-room minibar fridge cost $25. (really? oh yes, and they have sensors to monitor things in the fridge) . . Overall, food seemed very shitty and very overpriced, although I suppose this is to be expected. Definitely style over substance. I didn't eat dinner at the hotel, but I had a crappy Reuben at the cafe ($30 total including a beer) and a $45 lunch (for one, no drinks) at the Asian restaurant Red 8 (which is in the adjoining Wynn), where my Dim Sum was a disappointment and the noodles were heavy with grease. I did not have a chance to dine at the finer restaurants; most of which seemed to have a nightclubby vibe, which is the predominant look in Vegas. . . To me, the crowd I saw in the elevators and lobby here seemed very Jersey Shore and seemed downscale, although I admit my east-coast sensibilities might be misreading things. Either way, this was not the casually elegant type of place I was hoping for. Women wore sequins and lots of makeup, dressed for prom in their gowns. Men with unusual facial hair designs wore fedoras and pointy toe snakeskin shoes. "Trying way too hard" was the overall dress-code. . . The room itself was beautiful, but the 'brassy and bold' design (black lacquer everywhere, one bedroom and living room wall was entirely a mirror, and gold fixtures everywhere) was not my personal taste. But the room itself was very nice, with big views and a comfy bed. They used nice materials and the bathroom was a highlight. . . The rest of the hotel / resort was absolutely overflowing with cheese. The spa / fitness center felt like a bad mashup of Disney and Egypt, and those red chandeliers in the casino were just hideous, although again, I suppose this is to be expected in a casino. . . In the end the whole experience did not feel VIP at all because you basically walk around the hotel being told "sir, you are not allowed in there". Like when I was done working out at the fitness center and the guy said "oh, the showers are only for spa guests and it costs $40," and guy kind of barricades the doorway to make sure you don't enter the shower area. Um, ok, no big deal, just walk through the casino in my sweaty gym clothes, but repeated instances like this did not lend a high-end feel to the experience.. . I should mention that the staff here is amazing and incredibly friendly including room service, maids, bellhops, and people at the check in desk. The hotel has really done themselves a service by hiring such quality people. My room had turn-down service.  . . I looked inside the regular Encore rooms on the 51st floor and they looked identical with the bedroom / living room layout. I have no idea why people would book an Encore Tower Suite vs. an identical room on the other side of the hotel, because aside from check-in, there is zero discernable upgrade. No perks. . . I've never had a bad experience in this price range hotel until now, and have stayed in many better places for much less. I realize in Vegas people don't give a shit about the specifics of the hotel. But believe me, this place is a huge rip off. . . I felt like a sucker, and you will too.
I really wanted to LOVE this place, but it just didn't happen, unfortunately.  . I've been to Vegas many times and have stayed at so-so hotels and really nice upscale hotels.  Every hotel I've stayed at on the strip such as Mandalay Bay, Cosmopolitan, Mirage, and MGM, have exceeded my expectations.  I was really hoping to be Wow'ed by this place as well.. The wow factor began to diminish the moment I got out of my car at The Wynn self-park garage.  It was unclear when I got out of the elevator if I was at The Wynn or at Encore, and even more confusing to find the Check-In counter.  Luckily we were guided by a helpful person in the hall who saw me looking around all confused.  He directed us to go straight ahead and around the wall of the pool area, and as soon as we got there, it was quite obvious  where to check in as there was a long line.  I was actually surprised at how long the line was, considering I've never experienced this at other hotels in Vegas. I had reserved a King Resort Suite and was offered an upgrade to a Panoramic View suite for just $20 more a night.  I was told the view would be amazing, expecially at sunset, so I gladly accepted the upgrade offer.   . We got to our room on the 50th floor, and it was beautifully decorated and I loved the layout, but the view didn't impress me much.  I guess in the hotel's defense, it's just a view of Vegas, nothing too breathtaking to look at, it's not like there is an ocean or anything.  BUT.. I did feel a little insulted that she thought I would appreciate the sunset from a north east facing room.  The sun doesn't set on that side!  I let that go since I was so happy to be in our beautiful suite and didn't need to be at my aunt's wedding til 6:00pm and it was only like 2:45 so I put on my swimming trunks and sun screen and went down to the pool.. the European pool, where it's okay to be topless.  There were no topless ladies there which was okay with me cuz that's not my thing, but I liked the idea of being at a pool where there's no children peeing in the pool and running all over the place making me spill my drink.  . The pool was quite nice but a little on the crowded side and there wasn't much sunlight so I guess I could have saved on the sunscreen.. I got back to my room a little after 4:00 to get all prettied up for my aunt's wedding, I popped my keycard in the door and..... nothing.  So I did it again.. still nothing.. uggh, I only had ONE mojito!  Why is this happening?!?!    I tried several times but still no luck so I called my friend who was still down at the pool, just hoping that his key card would work and that he wouldn't think I'm a total idiot for not knowing how to work my key card.   Well, when he tried his.. same thing, nada!  At this point I'm getting a little worried because I really didn't want to be late to the wedding, cuz that's always awkward to walk in behind the bride.  . I really didn't want to make a trip all the way down to the front counter (I'd have to look all over for it again and probably wait in line) but luckily there was a courtesy phone by the elevator.  The operator said she'd send someone right up.  This person she sent took awhile to get there, and it was a security guy.  He checked my ID, then tried his own card (as if the two of us couldn't figure out how to use our cards), he tried a few times only to come to the conclusion "Yup, it's dead"  so he called maintenance and assured me someone would be right up.  We waited about 20 mins, then I went down to talk to someone who's answer was "let me talk to the manager about an upgrade"  I'm like "what?!?!  I don't want an upgrade, I just want back in my room"  I couldn't tell him that though because he ran off so fast, also the thought of an upgrade was kinda nice.  He came back a few minutes later to tell me he'd send someone right up.  Long story short, 45 minutes after that, we were finally back in our room and the maintenance guy explained he's the only guy working maintenance on both properties.. he got my sympathy vote, but seriously, it was time for me to be at the wedding already and I hadn't even showered (the wedding was in North Vegas, about a 15-20 minute drive).. I ended up skipping the wedding, and felt pretty bad about it but of course I made the most of it since it is Vegas and there is so much to do.. To sum up my experience here: The room was nice and the bed REALLY comfortable, the pool was nice but not as nice as Mandalay or even MGM, and the service was disappointing, I mean, I'm sure hotel room card readers malfunction or "die" from time to time but there should have been more of an effort on the hotel's part to either minimize the inconvenience or even at the very least try to make it up to me (I never got that free upgrade nor did I even get a sincere apology). But then again, maybe I didn't seem upset enough. It's hard to be upset in Vegas. And with that thought, I cannot wait til my next trip to Vegas, but I will not be staying at this hotel.
Just as my friend Jen S. (who stayed here on a separate trip from my own) noted in her review, a 5-star hotel should be 5-stars across the board. Nothing should slip through the cracks. I booked the 'Wynn Getaway Package' after receiving an invitation by mail, which was supposed to come with 2 tickets to Le Reve and 2 tickets to the buffet. When I booked my stay I asked, "Should I book the Le Reve tickets now or can I wait?" My reservations agent indicated that it would be okay to wait until we arrived.. . After reading Robert L.'s review I saw that Wynn/Encore had decided to black out certain dates for Le Reve, without notifying those who had already booked stays. Alarmed, I called to inquire and was told that there was nothing they could do, and that I could have booked tickets had I called by November 10th. Mind you, we booked and had our credit card charged on OCTOBER 31ST and were not notified at that time that we should book the Le Reve tickets immediately. . . After much holding and arguing, the reservations agent agreed to give me the 2 tickets. . . Similarly, the Wynn management tried to credit us only $85 toward the buffetalthough the price that weekend was $100 for 2 people, and the Terms and Conditions clearly indicated that our buffet tickets were good for 'breakfast or lunch Monday-Friday". After speaking with a few managers they 'waived' the additional fee.  . . This is not the kind of penny-pinching behavior I would expect from a supposedly 5-star resort.. . The room itself (a suite King) was gorgeous, and the only reason this is a 2-star review instead of just 1-star. Also, the gym was one of the better ones I've found in hotels, with free headphones, water bottles, and ample equipment. . . Unfortunately, the experience left such a sour taste in my mouth that I'll be taking my business elsewhere for my next stay.
We just spent a 3 day weekend "splurging" at Encore, and although I had a nice weekend, I'm disappointed in Encore.. . For the price the quality was not there.  . . The food was bad.  For the price it was shameful.  If I'm going to get a $20 plate of eggs, they should not be a. cold, b. not what I ordered, and c. the hashbrowns shouldn't be a dried up casserole cube of apparently frozen product.  The vegetarian options (I'm lacto-ovo veg...a reason I chose the hotel) mainly contained Gardein processed, packaged fake meat instead of carefully prepared fresh, whole foods.  This, IMO, is like serving Oscar Meyer slices on the meat-eaters' fine dining menus.  I was stunned that it was impossible to find a decent pastry in the morning.  What they were selling looked like the oversized, dry muffins and croissant that you'd get at a Starbucks at an airport in the midwest.  They looked so nasty we left without ordering.  I can't think of another top end casino that doesn't have a fancy patisserie.   Room service was OK:  nice servers, boring menu with mediocre food, a little slower than promised.  We requested a glass of half-and-half for coffee in the a.m. with our dinner order.  When it didn't come with our order, they told me that they don't carry it.  Seriously?. . There was a surcharge for everything, and I found this sort of insulting.  You pay a $25 resort fee, and the only amenity that seemed to come with this extra fee was access to the gym.   The card that described the benefits of the resort fee, also listed internet access...for another fee of $14.  Clearly they have a different idea of what "included" means than I do.  For breakfast at the cafe, there were a dozen or so meals listed under the big heading $18, but after fully half, there was fine print telling you how much to add if you ordered that selection (And I'm not talking about adding the shrimp or whatever.  It was a scam to make you have to do the arithmetic to get a price.)  We went for a drink at the Parasol bar.  Lagavulin scotch was $18.  I was surprised since that's only a little more than it is most places.  But the fine print was that any of the spirits ordered as a shot, neat, or on the rocks would be subject to a $3.50 surcharge....which left us wondering, how else does anyone order aged scotch?  . . The bed was so comfortable.  I think this was the highlight of the trip for me.  I thought the rooms were not attractive.  It felt like I was in a leasing office for a condo development.  The view from our room was of construction, Circus-Circus, and a seedy little end-of-the-Strip strip mall.  . . I may sound like I'm just being cheap, but we went prepared to spend a lot of money to have a high quality experience.  I'm annoyed because I feel like we spent a lot of money for an experience that would have been surpassed for half the price at the M.  Likewise, we've spent similar money on the room and far less on dining and fees to have a much, much, much higher quality experience at Caesar's.  In the future, I'll return to these places andI won't be back to the Wynn/Encore.
No WiFi on the floor, and expect to pay double in your room for laptop access and mobile phone. Not great for meting with clients at a trade show hosted at the hotel
Everything was awesome but there is one very big exception. If you are staying at the Encore ask if the Surrender night club is active! The music was so loud it vibrated our beds until 4 AM.  So in a nutshell no matter how nice a hotel is if you can't sleep a motel 6 is a better choice.
Frustrated with some of the changes to the MGM mLife loyalty program, I decided to abandon my usual place at the Bellagio and stay at Encore (which necessarily includes aspects of Wynn).  Overall, I would say that Wynn-Encore caters more to the younger crowd (in distinct contrast to Bellagio) but still has the games (at least at the higher limits) to appease the more hard-core gamers.  Encore, however, suffers from a fatal flaw with respect to noise from the dayclubs and nightclubs that would prevent me from recommending a stay at the hotel to anyone.. . The noise problem was surprising, having stayed at many hotels on The Strip (all of which have nightclubs) and never encountering a problem.  What makes Encore particularly problematic is that one side of the hotel (the side overlooking the pools and Wynn golf course) is also exposed to two partially outdoor nightclubs (which also occasionally serve as pool dayclubs).  The beats can be heard in the mid-afternoon (which really isn't much of a problem) and then well into the 4am early morning, which would probably be torture for a light sleeper.  I am fortunately a pretty heavy sleeper (I used to live next to the Holland Tunnel)--while the noise was distracting, closing the curtains and turning the A/C fan on high was just enough to fall asleep.  I would, however, strongly recommend to anyone staying at Encore, if you find out your room is on the pool/golf course side and the front desk is unable to offer you another room, simply get your bags and head to a different property--there are plenty of other places to stay.. . I actually liked the layout of my standard Encore Resort Suite.  While not technically a multi-room suite, a divider between the bed and the rest of the room sort of gives the feeling of a two-room suite, and the flat panel TV on the divider with swiveling base was clutch.  Mirrors on a whole side of the room also give the impression of more spaciousness, and floor-to-ceiling windows provide dramatic views of the golf course, pools, and desert mountains (though they also probably exacerbated the aforementioned noise problem).. . Before really delving into the gaming specifics, I will state that the casino floor easily has the most consistently attractive drink servers of any casino I have been to.  If that is something that you count as enhancing your gaming experience, this is a certainly a bonus for Wynn-Encore.. . As I mentioned before, Wynn-Encore really seems to cater to a younger crowd, and this is reflected in the table games.  There are an abundant number of blackjack games paying 6-to-5 on blackjacks and hitting soft 17--an automatic 1.61% hit to expected player return.  On the flip side, limits at these tables go as low as $10.  More standard blackjack tables maintain "Dealer Hits Soft 17" up through the $100 and even $200 limits, though there are some tables featuring "Dealer Stays on All 17s" at $100 (though possibly as little as 3--1 in the Encore Baccarat room and 2 just outside the Wynn Baccarat room).  Craps doesn't seem to be as popular at Wynn-Encore than other casinos, but limits are as low as $10 even during weekend-night primetime.  As for video poker, most mid-limit Jacks-or-Better paytables were at 9-5 with 9-6 JoB starting at $10 on certain machines.  (Be aware that 9-6 JoB earns Red Card points at a slower rate--1 point for every $15 coin-in rather than the usual $6 coin-in for most other video poker.)  For Super Times Pay fans, Encore has 9-5 JoB STP multi-play as low as $1/credit--a game Caesar's Entertainment refuses to offer above 6-5.. . Among other observations, I wasn't particularly impressed with any of the casual dining options at Wynn-Encore, and the resort has a dearth of late-night dining, with only the relatively small Allegro open until 6am.  The Nuclear Tipping Point channel loops an hour long documentary on ridding the world of nuclear weapons.  While it's easy to tune it out, the gaming floor music butchers your favorite songs from the 80's, 90's, and today.  And, as you would already be aware if you had taken any cab in Las Vegas, Steve Wynn is in love with his voice:  He narrates the cabs, the website, and the two hotel tour television channels.. . Overall, had it not been for the hotel room noise problem, Encore could easily garner 3-stars, and if the food were improved, the resort would probably be competing for a 4-star review.  I wouldn't be totally averse to revisiting Encore but would need some assurance as to my room's susceptibility to the noise.
I was super excited when my friends told me we were staying at this hotel. 1. It was newer than other hotels. 2. It has two of the clubs I typically go to when I'm in Vegas. 3. They have my favorite restaurant. 4. I heard good things about this hotel. 5. It's also one of the high end hotels. . . However, I give this hotel a 2. Reasons. . 1. The shower had water mold ( when you don't scrub your shower pink mold starts to form) I thought to myself are you serious?! . 2. We asked house keeping to bring toothpaste and a towel. Yay they brought the toothpaste but forgot the towel. Good job house keeping for doing your job half way. On top of that when we were talking to house keeping to bring our request up they acted like we were drunk guests who just wanted those items. Not everyone that goes to Vegas gets drunk. So regardless if you assume that person is drunk don't talk to them like they are stupid. Didn't you know that the tone of your voice could be heard by the other person? . 3 . My group went to edc so we were dressed the part. It's pretty easy to get lost. When we got back to the hotel I asked one of the security where encore was. He looked at me and asked are you staying at this hotel? I mention yes I am so please direct to encore. He goes and says "can you put something on?" Seriously?!! The staff need to know certain events people wear different things. I should have told security " yes I can put something on if you direct me to my hotel room where my luggage happens to be." Notonly did the security make me feel unwelcome but he did not direct me to my hotel room. . 4. I love edm however, for those people that wants to rest you will be hearing music all night.. . I must say the beds are comfortable, rooms are beautiful, and the view is great. Seriously it's not worth staying here because of my experience with customer service and how disgusting the bathroom was. I do recommending staying at palazzo
I just came back from a very hot Vegas weekend!  It was 115 all weekend it was definitely scorching but Encore on the other hand let me down! I was very excited to stay here but it was definitely a bust.  I will most likely never book this hotel again!!. . I walk into my hotel room thinking it was going to be luxurious, classy, elegant and CLEAN!!  What a disappointment.  Here goes my list:. -The chair in the bathroom had a red wine stain. -the tub faucet had soap scum on it. - the television in the bathroom had months worth of dust on it. -there was an unpleasant smell in our room. -it was annoying to have a stocked minibar but if you need a fridge $25/night. -WIFI wasn't even working that well. . I loved the Signature Room at the MGM I will definitely be taking my business there!!!  Hopefully they get a better housekeeping staff at the ENCORE for the kind of product they are trying to offer! I couldn't even check out in my room because the service was down! 2 very large THUMBS down!!!
I stayed at the encore from 07/4/2013-07/8/2013 this is hotel is gorgeous in and out I I'll definitely not say anything negative about that... My few complaints are the way I was treated when I went to a craps table here. I was sitting at a slot machine enjoying a beer when I heard a lot of cheering going on at a craps table so I decided to go check it out and maybe jump in the game.. When I go over there and start watching the pit boss asked this "high roller" I guess if he was going to Make a bet and the exact words that came from this guys mouth was "yeah I will make my bet when you get this as*hole outta here" (he was talking to me but I didn't even know at first) then the pit boss asks me to leave and says its a "private" game... . . 1. There were no stantions blocking it off. 2.No one said anything besides this douche who was dressed like a slob. 3. All because you have money doesn't mean you talk to people like that especially a paying guest. . The pit boss then Denies he called me a "as*hole when everyone clearly heard him!. . I'm basically told the guy (the shaggy dude) if he wanted to find out who a real ahole was we can go outside and he just stood there .... . That's my MAIN complaint.. They did nothing to fix the situation you don't let people be treated that way who are paying over 1000 dollars to stay there.... . . Overall the hotel charges WAY too much for EVERYTHING like come on 19.65 for two coronas at the bar? What are they smoking ... I refused to pay that... . The room itself was really nice .. 21st floor strip view.. Can't complain... . Overall my opinion save your money and go somewhere with LESS RESORT FEES... These hotels are getting insane..
Decor is beautiful all over the hotel, however our room even though it was pretty had frayed carpeting, nonworking and shabby phone from Motel 6 next to the bed, Motel 6 remotes for the TVs and no pen as well as a weird odor from the bathroom I mean come on 5 star hotel with these issues and on top of it all when I commented to the front desk manager on the day of check in she assumed I was complaining because I wanted a free upgrade.. . Service is not bad but was much better when they first opened. On top of all this we had made a reservation weeks ago for bottle service at the Tryst $550 and we notified the rep with enough lead time that we changed our mind and were going to rent a Cabana at Surrender $750 instead, upon check out lo and behold that rep tried to sneak in $120 bill for theTryst and we hadn't set foot in the place!. . We spoke to the same front desk manager the next day checking out and she said she would look into it with a very bored expression, it seems like it's regular practice sneaking in charges hoping that clients do not notice.. . Needless to say I'm not going back there, I can spend my money in plenty of other places.
This is hard to explain.  To begin, this is a very nice hotel and casino...very nice.  The room was also nice, but very uncomfortable due to the crappy air conditioning unit.  The room has one ac unit located by the windows, and it is not able to cool the bed side of the suite.  My wife and I woke up covered in sweat with all the covers tossed off in the floor after just a couple hours of sleep.  The tv was on a swivel so that it could be watched from the bed or the couch on the other side, however it wouldn't hold it's place and kept swinging back around to face the bed.  . . The staff was friendly enough, but the whole place is "snotty"...for lack of a better term.  Everything is EXTREMELY overpriced.  I decided to purchase a couple cigars to smoke while gambling.  I made my way into the little shop downstairs and asked the cashier for two Romeo Y Julieta's (my usual brand, that usually cost around $8.50 to $10.50 each), and when she stated that my total was over $50.00 I was certain I heard her wrong.  I didn't.  $25 each for cigars that I can buy anywhere else in town for $10.  That's not capitalism, that's just mean man!  Stay away from the Wynn/Encore.  Go to the Venetian which is every bit as nice without the overinflated prices and egos.
Overall hotel is good as they have a newer air ventilation systems to keep air clean even though its casino floor was filled with smokers. I chose to stay at this hotel because of this. Further more, our stay during weekdays are generally better since it has less patrons and visitors that smoke. However, there are a few things that caught my attentions:. . 1) in room towels are super hard. Towels that my pets use are softer and better than theirs. I was glad I brought my own towels for my 5 months old baby.. 2) resort fee only entitle WIFI connections for 2 devices per room. Imagine traveling with kids that has multiple ipads/iphones.. 3) shower was pretty bad compared to other newer hotels on the strip. No matter how you adjust the shower pattern, you can almost expect a constant flow of stream, instead of "shower". Also lack of water pressures.. 4) So called suite only has 1 TV per room (rotate 360 degrees between bedroom and a small sofa area). Venetian/Venezia/Palazzo and The Hotel @ Mandalay Bay has 2 TVs in each guest suite.. 5) Limited free TV channels compared to other newer hotels on the strip. I did not even bothered to try to search for any channels to watch. I brought my own HDMI cable and connected my iPad to watch my own programmings.. 6) Poorly designed AC systems ventilation. AC in living area can be blasting cold but the bedroom area remains warm.. You will notice the difference when walking from bed room area to the living room area, which is only about 2-3 steps away.. . On the bright side, it is a very nice hotel with a lot of luxury decorations. Certainly one of the best of LV. Loved the buffet with sparkling wine add on if you love to drink. If they can address all the issues above, I will certainly come back for my future stays.
Pretty disappointed with my stay here, I've had previous experiences that were excellent, but this time really ruined it for me. The rooms are giant, but they won't give you an extra cot? Not only that, no FAQ on their site that mentions it's a fire safety hazard before booking. I have definitely stayed at a nicer hotel in Vegas with the same room size with 2 queens and been able to have a roll away. . . Instead the concierge offers that a member of my family can sleep very comfortably on the floor. So why are we staying at this hotel again if we have to take turns sleeping on the floor? I'm not sure. I could have gotten us two rooms each with 2 queen beds for the holiday pricing I paid, elsewhere. . . And no, we didn't over pack the room, we have 4 people total. 2 on one bed, 1 on another and now one on the floor/couch. Not to mention our rooms were right over the club. Bass bumping. . . Meh. Next time I won't plan our family holiday stay here for sure. Head over to the newer hotels for better service and options.
