Horrible, horrible, horrible service.  Horrible.  But great beer.  That's the only thing that saves this review.  . . Our waitress was SO inattentive, she said that "the kitchen lost our ticket" for food after us being there for over 30 minutes at that point.  This is something she should have noticed WAY before that considering I had ordered a side salad, and that should have been up right away.  She dropped our food on the ground, she gave attitude about EVERYTHING.  She wasn't paying attention to us at.all.  We needed to flag her down for everything, and when our order finally did come out, it was wrong.. . Oh, and she came running after us after we left because she couldn't find the bill on the table and thought we didn't pay her.  Ummm, it's the black thing RIGHT THERE.  . . But they have giant beers and really good music.  But that doesn't make up for the fact that the service was some of the worst I have ever had!
Good food, very good beer, fun atmosphere.  Then why two stars?  The value ruins it.  They want your money and have created lots of ways to charge for it.. . This place provides a fun party atmosphere where you can partake in fun German traditions and some new ones this place created, all put to loud German folk music.  If you are not much of a drunk partier, it might be over the top for you.  I don't really want to get spanked, sing songs with drunk people, try to hold up an oversized beer mugs until they drop, etc.  If you do, you will enjoy this place!. . I've traveled all over Germany and this place mimics the fun beer halls of Bavaria.  I say mimic because it is fairly authentic but still a reproduction of the true festivals of Deutschland.. . The food is very similar to that found in Germany but not quite as freshly prepared.  The flavors are good and most cater to the true meat eaters.  Almost all sausages and cutlets are worth trying.. . But let's talk about the value.  A pint of beer costs $8 and their terrible Ice Tea almost as much (Germans don't know Iced Tea).  $20 for an entree, $6 for a salad, $1.50 for a slice of swiss cheese on the schnitzel, $2 for bread, and a whole host of other charges.  Basic food and beverages for 3 people was $78 before the tip.. . Then there are all the tips.  Tip the waitress, tip the musicians (they even come around begging with their horns), tip the bathroom attendant that hands you a towell but can't keep the bathroom clean...geez, good thing I didn't valet!  You would never find this kind of pandering in Germany!  (Well, you do need to tip the bathroom attendants in Germany but at least they keep the bathrooms spotless during non-festival times.). . So, while there are good elements to this place, I don't recommend it.. . If you are interested in an authentic German meal in a quieter setting, I recommend Cafe Old Heidelberg, with very authentic food (albeit, slow service) for a much better price.. . Tchuss!
Iusually write more in depth reviews, but this place doesn't deserve my words so it will be short. The food was doused in salt and everything was an overpriced bratwurst. The server came around once every 15 minutes; horrible service. I couldn't hear what anyone at the table was saying, including the person sitting right next to me. If I wanted to go to play drinking games and spend my night with loud obnoxious drunks, I would have stopped by UNLV and hung out at a frat house. At least I wouldn't have to pay $20 for a freaking hotdog. . . Two stars because the beer was pretty good and the building looks cool.
The food and beer tasted good, but overpriced. German street food at a premium. The waitress steered us to more expensive choices, but not necessarily better choices. It felt more like a rainforest cafe experience than the authentic Hofbrauhaus, which I visited several years ago. Not a bad choice, but trust your instinct on the menu! Cheers!
If this is real German give me ersatz.. First the rooms.. GIANT Echo Chambers!. It's if you whisper on one side of an empty room your buddy will hear you on the other acoustics.. Now add Lederhosen, oomph bands and frat boy drinkers (yes Jager Shots!) and you have the jet plane decibels that are sure to damage your hearing.. The food seems real enough but in a tourist kind of way.. I'm sure there are bus loads scarfing the stuff up in Munich but I find it hard to believe that actual natives eat it.. This joint would not be on Tony Bourdain's itinerary if you get my drift.. Unless they use actual gold flakes the brew is obscenely overpriced.. Sure it's a little better than Elis Island but it's 8 Times more money!. 3 of us had 3 entrees, two beers each and we split some microwaved strudel 3 ways for dessert. . $130 with tip!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. . AUF WIEDERSEHEN!. . Did I mention the creepy attendant in the men's room?. Seriously hate that especially in a Beer Hall!
Service:  Maybe our waitress had an off night or a tough crowd, but unfortunately her attitude/service was not all there. . . Food:  I never experience German food before so I had no expectations.  The food was bland, small and pricey for what they served IMO.  . . Drinks:  The beer was not bad, as this is a drinking place.. . Ambiance:  Visiting this place does have a good ambiance with ok decor.. . Overall:  I would not come back to this place as there are many other bars to go to in Vegas.  This was one of those "hey lets check it out" type of thing.
Went here with a large group after a wedding ... and thought it was just "meh".  Like others have said, its pretty tight in the front of the restaurant and once you get into your bench seat, you're pretty stuck.  . . The food was edible.  The drinks were good.  (only 3 types of beer)  And the spankings - you couldn't pay me to get one of those.  Those girls who give the spankings must love their job and wow, they seriously spank.  OUCH!  . . Perhaps we were there too early (from 5-7pm) because it didn't seem like the party was going on yet.
Extremely over priced. 2 bratwurst and a pretzel dinner meal for $14. Pretzel was cold and bratwurst was bland. Nothing special. Service was a 3 out of 5. This is a place that you visit only once just for the experience.
The Schnitzelmann hates what he must do here because he really believes in supporting unique places, especially one of only two authentic German restaurants in town. But if he is honest, 2 stars is about what the place is worth after deductions for the following:. . One star must be deducted because of the exaggerated prices, which have risen regularly since the restaurant opened. Authentic ethnic cuisine can be had - even imported items - for lower prices than this at other off-Strip restaurants. The Schnitzelmann suspects that the Hofbrauhaus is mercilessly targeting one-time tourists, ignoring locals and practicing monopoly-driven price inflation such that if in Germany, the Bundesbank would immediately intervene. . . Another star must be deducted for the noise level, particularly evenings. The Schnitzelmann has been to the original Hofbrauhaus in Munchen and can verify the music in Las Vegas is authentic, but significantly louder than in the Old Country. It is near-impossible to have any sort of dinner conversation with bands imported from Deutschland playing "Hang on Sloopy," "Country Roads" and other obscure hits amplified to ensure maximum volume. . . A final star must be deducted for the service. The Schnitzelmann has known several of the waitresses personally and agrees they are of the finest personality away from the restaurant. Inside, though, the management seems to dictate that most wait staff push the more expensive items, rush customers out the door if they have not bought food or drink within a given amount of time, and be somewhat inflexible as regards splitting the bill. Always? No. But too regularly to ignore.. . So we are left with two stars. One is for the high-qualityfood- all the items that can be are imported from Germany, including the fine beers on tap, and the Schnitzelmann has never had a bad schnitzel, wurst plate or even salad here. The two potato salads on offer are also quite good and the Kaiserschmarrn dessert is made just as in Mad King Ludwig of Bavaria's day.. . One star is granted for the party-hearty atmosphere. The Schnitzelmann celebrated his bachelor party here and the long benches and tables and free-flowing beer made it easy to make new friends and revel in the waitresses spanking customers who request it. The same atmosphere (minus spankings) can be had during World Cup and European Cup Fussball matches, which are televised live and to which many knowledgeable and enthusiastic German fans come. . . But as regularly as Schnitzelmann comes here, there is always a sense afterwards he could have spent his time and money better elsewhere and that were he not such a fan of German culture and were there other German places in town, he would be at the Hofbrauhaus considerably less often.
Expensive. Ok I don't know a real brat if it fell and hit me on the head, but $15 for three brats, some sauerkraut and mash? Great atmosphere, beer looked awesome but I'm not spending $30 with tip for a beer and German hot dogs.
Blah. The one in Newport is so much better. My waitress might have possibly tried to mislead me on pricing on purpose.  I complained and got my way though. She was rather " abrasive " and fake. These prices are insane btw... Especially for being off of the strip. Good beer though, as always.
I am so torn...I really want to like this place. The beer is good, not too expensive either. The atmosphere is festive but tries too hard, in my humble opinion. The service was good. The food....that's where they lose me. I won't travel off the strip unless the place offers 1. great service 2. good drinks 3. good food and 4. a good atmosphere. This place misses the mark on the food and the other three things aren't enough to compensate.
So the Jagerschnitzel I had was ok but nothing spectacular, now the spatzle, again weren't that impressive either. So the price/quality ratio was poor at best. I paid $40 for the Schnitzel with Spatzle, a soda and a piece of black forest cake. So the place is certainly way overpriced for the quality of food that they provide. I've had much better German food in the U.S. The only positive really was that the black forest cake was unbelievable, yet expensive as everything else. Being German and expecting good and authentic German food, I left disappointed.
A star for each word to describe this place. . Tourist Trap. . Being from Chicago, we have many excellent choices for German restaurants, which gives us a little credit for knowing what we are talking about.  In addition, we ate and drank at the Hoffbrau in Munich.  Based on those qualifications, I wouldn't recommend spending your money here.  . . Everything is way overpriced, and they aren't embarrassed by it.  The pretzel appetizer was good, and the sausage platter my wife had was good, but my jaegerschnitzel was terrible.  There wasn't any thing schnitzel about it.  It was just a breaded pork cutlet sauced jaeger style.  It's not schnitzel until it is pounded flat.  That cutlet didn't experience hammer blow one.. . The beer was excellent.  It was very fresh.  We were fortunate enough to be there for the tapping of the dunkel wheat, which was done by a Vegas performer, and 15 minutes later had a glass at our table.  I had the maibock, which was still very good for this late in the year (June).  . . The place didn't look anything like Munich and the beer garden looked kind of stupid being indoors.  I understand why it's hard to have an outdoor beer garden in Vegas,  but it just looked ridiculous.  No offense to the people who did the actual work, it was just a bad idea from the start.. . Our waitress was very nice and timely, the servers seemed busy and the bus boys were also working hard.. . I would go back for a beer, as expensive as even the beer is, if I was in the area, but I wouldn't pay for a cab ride to go there.  Avoid the food, and know you are going to pay considerably more than you want to.
This is one of those places you go for the atmosphere and beer and not the food. . They really do the German thing well, pretzels, spetzels and sausages a plenty. Oh yes and beer and spankings, yes spankings. If you are the S&M, Christian Grey loving person then this is the place for you. Apparently if you order a shot of this dark liquor (Perhaps Jagermister?) you get a spanking by a waitress in a laderhousen (That Hansel and Gretel outfit with suspenders). This I did not indulge in, but many many men around our table did. We went late in the evening so the giant dinning room was emptying out so I assume we didnt get to see all the possibilities of spanking. Okay so the important stuff- the food. I ordered a white sausage dish at the recommendation of the waitress, interesting. I am not a huge sausage fan, but since I was here the sausage kingdom, figured I should try it. It came with potatoes and sauerkraut. I also of course drank a lot of beer and perhaps if I drank more the food would have tasted better. We also ordered a traditional pretzel with cheese dip and mustards, now that was tasty (The beer probably helped with this). I am not going to lie the German dinners that shared our table and the authentic German band probably helped me like this place more, it certainly wasn't the food.  So all in all, I would come back to drink and eat pretzels, not to eat. So drink up! Das boot!
i'm not one for the heavy tourist spots so i'm prejudice against hofbrauhaus.  that being said, the sausage is ok.  the beer is good.  it's just too kitchy and overblown for me.  theres much better german food in vegas if you're looking.
To be perfectly honest- I thought this was a horrible representation of the German branded beer destination in Munich. I know it's two different countries, but the feeling was just- eh. If you're going to slap the name Hofbrauhaus on a venue to lure people in, at least give a similar experience- especially since you're charging a lot for it. I'm actually surprised that this restaurant got as high of ratings as it did. Maybe I should have started drinking before coming?. . The location in Munich was a warm and friendly atmosphere while the Las Vegas felt like an afterthought. We ordered two dinners, a beer, an iced tea and dessert and it came out to a little over $80. Wowza. I kinda felt ripped off. There are a ton of great German places in Orange County/LA that charge significantly less and have a way better vibe. Jaime P and I actually joked that there were more servers than customers, yet everyone had to try and flag someone down for attention.. . I ordered the nurnberger rostbratwurst which was three pork sausages, sauerkraut and mashed potatoes and the meal was washed down with a mug of the Hofbrau Maibock. The sausages and sauerkraut were cooked okay, but lacked any real flavor. Same went for the mashed potatoes. The beer was good, you can't go wrong with that. I should have ordered more of those and it would have probably still been cheaper in the long run. At least I would have been drunk and satisfied.. . Went the extra mile to fill the void in my stomach and ordered the apfelstrudel that came out warm with a side of ice cream. I can't say anything bad about the dish. Between this and the beer, it was the only reason I chose to give this place two stars.. . There was a one man band singing some German tunes. He did his best with the crowd in the beer hall to keep them entertained. I think there were seven total in this massive space, but he did what he could to get the audience excited with beer drinking games and off the wall jokes. It was funny because when I called for hours, I was told I should make reservations because it's on a first-come basis. Maybe the other 500-people or so were on their way?. . This could have just been an off day- unfortunately, I'll never know an on day because I wont be coming back.
Went last nite.  VERY noisy, not a romantic date nite place for sure.  Fun loud atmosphere, lots of spankings, lots of alcohol.  The food, just so-so.. Probably an ok place for a drunken party with friends, not the place for a nice meal.
I am only commenting on the food.  Was there when they opened, we spent my father's 70th birthday there.    I was born and spent 18 years in Germany.  The food they are rolling out now does not resemble what they originally served.  They have figured out that they can save money serving subpar food to Ami's who have had too much to drink.  So sad, will never step foot in their overpriced establishment.
So my wife and I went here last night to celebrate my birthday and had a whale of a time. After a few liters of beer and spend a lot of money on food, the experience was tarnished by there bold barman (you'll know who I mean) who refused to give me a glass of tab water and wanted me to buy a bottle. His attitude stank, if I wanted to be bled dry of all my money I would have gone to the casino across the road. . . This company doesn't care for the customer and is just after your money.
You need to be drunk to enjoy this place. The servers should consider covering up their cleaveges as with an average age of above 40 it doesn't look too attractive. The place is dark and their loud band was annoying in my subjective opinion. . . The food is mediocre at best and definitely is NOT good value for money for Las Vegas. It should be twice cheaper to be somewhat competive. . . I am not coming back and won't recommend it to anyone.
I went to the original Hofbrauhaus in Europe and thought it was a giant tourist trap...well it's even more of a tourist trap here! . . Let's play the adjective game:. oom-pah filled. kitschy. super-loud. brown creamy sauce-y (Have to make it an adjective). WTF...what's going on with those spankings? (not an adjective). . Ok, so I'm experiencing a classic Vegas moment of cognitive dissonance...something I know (and don't quite love) from Europe has been transported via the Starship Enterprise to be adjacent to my hotel in Vegas.  I can see how this place could be fun, but really?  Is there where you come in Vegas?  . . The Food:. Food is standard German fare, and it was acceptable but nothing special.  Sausages, spaetlzle, sauerkraut, big cuts of meat in brown creamy sauce.  It's served promptly and without any circumstance.. . The Beer:. Well, they have the basic Hofbrauhaus beers: light, dark, a few seasonals.  Prices top actual Oktoberfest prices by quite a bit...they even make Canada and NYC seem cheap.  The Germans are not imaginative with their beer styles, but what they do, they do well.. . The Atmosphere:. Loud!  It's this strange super-new looking version of what is a very old establishment in Germany.  They have an oom-pah band going which they seem to have imported, however, they're quite hard to make out because the sound system is poor.  The crowd is a little bit rowdy.  You even see some real Germans there, well, because they like to eat German food when they travel.. . The Weird:. Whack! Is that middle-aged, fat business man being spanked by the waitress?  WTF?  They have this uber-strange practice here, in which a busty  "shot girl" comes over, sells you a shot, and gives you a very loud whack with a wooden paddle.  This is apparently their Las Vegas twist on the Hofbrauhaus...super strange! This is not a German tradition, in any way, shape, or form.  It was kind of creepy seeing groups of drunken middle-aged men bending over to get spanked in public.  They even sell T-Shirts that announce "I've been spanked at the Hofbrauhaus". . Ok, so I can see how this is something you might enjoy, but I, for one, can certainly skip it.
Just not my cup of tea. Food wasn't very good either and was pretty expensive.  Communal dining isn't for me
The food was decent. The place is pretty noisey. So if you're looking for a place for a quiet conversation, this is not the place to go. It's a place to bring a group of friends to drink beer.. . I had the sausage and it was smaller than I expected. But what I didn't like was the service. It took a really longtime to order, get the food, get refills on my drink, to get the bill, and also to get change from the bill.  It was just ridiculous.. . If I come here next time I'll make sure that I have plenty of time to waste because the service is just really slow.
Great atmosphere.. Lots of fun, .. Do not go for the food, not worth the money, or the disappointment on the palate..
The food was pretty good, certainly not to the standard of the real Hofbrauhaus in Munich, Germany. The first day we went for lunch, the band played German music giving the place that Bavarian festive atmosphere. Really fun. . . We went back two days later at night. How disappointing. The same band was playing American music, catering to the myriads of drunks. I guess that's what they are supposed to do - get customers to drink beer, but the Bavarian feel was gone. Had we known that, we could have gone to eat somewhere we could have enjoyed it.. Nicht gut!
The beer here was pretty tasty. The meal I had, though super yummy and a large portion, was not worth the amount I paid.  The music was DEAFENING, the service was slightly lacking  (confusion with the orders, no split check, unhelpful) and overall experience was meh.
I've eaten at the original Hofbrauhaus in central Munich several times, and did not expect this one to compare, but I did expect the chefs to take pride in their food. . . The only (and perhaps most important) noteworthy offering was their beer selection.  It was all authentic, fresh, delicious, and served in the proper glasses.. . The pretzel was authentic tasting but rather stale (i.e, at least a day old), which is inexcusable.   Furthermore, we had to pay an extra $2 for "authentic Bavarian" mustards (sweet and spicy).  Neither was remotely German.  In fact, I saw them use Gulden's for the spicy mustard.  Big, early fail in my book.   . . The Kasespatzle was mediocre at best.  Very dry and starchy.. . The Schweinsbraten lacked the typical richness in both meat and beer sauce, and also tasted about a day old, or as if it came from a cheap buffet steamer tray.. . The lentil/sausage soup was quite authentic and rich tasting, but that dish considerably less difficult to mess up.. . Ambiance in the bier hall was extremely jovial and loud, making it hard to order or talk - which is expected and entirely OK.. . Definitely one of the least enjoyable German dining experiences in the US.
This place brings back a bad taste in my mouth literally so to the point.. . . Place is loud, can barley have a conversation,(which is okay if your wasted). The seating is very crowded, more than a few times all of us at our party bumped in tot he table behind us and like wise.. . The drinks ( mixed drinks were really weak) I tasted from friends drinks,. and worst off the food was ridiculously salty.. . The pretzel that came our needed a glass of water per bit/ or dipped in the hotter mustard sauces to mask the saltiness.. . the food was also extremely salty, and this was for about 4 of the 8 guys that ate with us. many of us got the jager dish( that was way to salty). . . I threw up after a few bites of pretzel and two bites of the jager sausage plate from too much salt( I am sure its the salt since I didnt drink any alcohol the whole day). . . . . . The only good that came out of going was the decor, and the fact you get to see some people get smacked so hard on their moneymakers they cry. . . I cant belive we went here, and I will never go back. Ill stick in the hotel or eat across the street should a group of friend ever want to eat here again.
I was disappointed by  this place .  I think this is more a tourist trap than an authentic German restaurant .. had the potato pancake with salmon  13.99 4  , jaegerschnitzel 19.99 $ and pretzel 2.99 with mustard 0.39 $. it didn't taste like German food at all  , and it's very overpriced .
Only giving two stars because service was good. The taste of the food was good, the portion was terrible they charged 15 bucks for one beer & u cannot keep the glass. 2 little sausages a couple spoonfuls of potatoes& kraut & one piece of pork loin the size of a half dollar for 20 bucks- 1 piece of stale bread for almost 2 bucks .Don't waste your time& money
