My love affair with XS has officially ended.. . Reason #503: DJ playing four Katy Perry songs back to back which can NEVER be justified in my book. . Reason #504: I'm sorry to say this, but waaaaay too many Asians. I was the only Asian in my group of six so when we were approached with the pick up line "Non-Asians, what's up?" you can imagine how awkward it was when they found out I was only a fake non-Asian =( . Reason #505: Rude and unreasonable bouncers and security. . Reason #506: Long lines that take forever and horrible crowd management. . . andddddddddd I can go on and on...
You get over it after awhile and indeed I am.  I swear every time I go there, they reach the max capacity plus 200 more people. You can barely walk anywhere without touching another sweaty body. Gross. . . The music sucks too! They do get some good djs to come (Afrojack), but normally they just remix top 40 over and over again! It really sucks and annoying! After hearing black eyed peas "I got a feeling" 3x is not the business, no matter how drunk you are! Cmonnn mix it up! And don't play the same song! Who do you think your foolin'. . . I liked it in beginning, like the first time.  The second time I was SO over it. However, if you don't want to keep squeezing between sweaty people ladies, go directly to the pool! Best part of the club! Where you feel like your commit shoe-icide go to the pool and dance. Meet me there, you won't see me on that small crowded dance floor... Guys, don't waste your money. The club is really nice to look at, the outside area is nice and more roomy, but other than that it's whatever. It is over-rated.. . BTW, on Sunday's they close off the pool/ outside area which makes it double crowded! OMG. UGH. Let's just say I wouldn't chose to come here if in Vegas again.
So, me and my girls got all dolled up and took a cab to the Encore and everything was going great. We got in line...the lines was not that long at 10:00 but about 30mins later it was hella long. We got in the club and had four vodka and cranberries, and four Patrons shots which cost $96.00! Then the first DJ began to mix and it was great, we were so feeling it. We found some guys that bought us some drinks. while they were at the bar, we found some other guys to dance with that were super cute. The second DJ was Wolfgang Gartner, he is ok...He only played part of song I liked.. . Here is why Im giving this place two stars....THEY HAVE PICKPOCKETS AT THIS CLUB!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Someone in the crowd pickpocket my friends purse, they got her for her cellphone, her bank card, and her camera.. . Ladies and Gents BEWARE!
The Wynn itself is such a nice hotel. It gives off a very high class, clean, and orderly vibe, which is contradictory to everything Vegas offers. . . There are some meriting points about XS, such as its entire outdoor pool and lounge area. However, it only works during the squelching desert heat in the summer, not on a chilly February night. The music is pretty decent, with a good mix of Top 40 pop/hip hop, but there's really no sectioned off dance floor in the entire club. Either it's really squishy and you have no room to dance, or traffic is high since there's barely room for a walkway, much less a dance floor. Part of the club is connected to the hotel, while the other part is added on with a see-through roof so you can see the night sky. Though the club "sounds" nice, I just wasn't impressed with the set-up of the club and couldn't look beyond that fact.
This place was well conceived of, but the sheer size of it and the amount of people walking through it quite nearly caused me to have a panic attack. I was with a group and i realized if I let them out of my sight i would not see them for the rest of the evening. I don't mind crowds, but I do mind massive crowds. Does anyone really want to go to a nightclub with 5,000 people in it? . . No thanks.
Never again. . . Every time I come to Vegas, I'm always eager to go to the clubs. After this experience, not so much.  . . Why this club? My roommate wanted to come here. . . Why did I dislike it? One, it's 2 AM and we're still charged a cover? Bleh. $20 down the drain. Two, men don't understand the term "Personal Space." Seriously? I was already upset by the cover (it wasn't my choice to come here), and so all I wanted to do was just relax, get my feet moving a little on the dance floor, but NO. Creepy guys of all ages just circle around me and just won't leave me alone.  Frustrating! . . The okay part, I got a few drinks out of a friendly older gentlemen that just wanted some company at the bar. . . Next time I'm sticking to my familiar small lounge/ bars & perhaps not such a hyped up night club. . . Side note: If you're throwing up in the bathroom, the staff will kick you out. The girl next to me was being hounded by the staff to unlock the bathroom door so they could kick her out. Whoa.
As we all know, most clubs are only open during the weekends and select days of the week at Vegas.  So on a stroll out Monday night, my friends and I were looking for a place to go clubbing.  After visiting two other clubs (which were closed), we found ourselves at XS.  I've heard of XS being one of the greatest clubs for the 21-ish crowd in Vegas, so I was going in with high expectations.  But what did I get?  Pure disappointment.. . Let's start with the ambience. Indeed, the inside of the club is amazing.  The open-air club allows for it not to get too hot and sweaty, but it is also more prone to smoking.  The pool on the outside looked like it would be fun, but since it was a Monday night, essentially everything was closed off.  The bathrooms are nice and no wait time.. . So let's skip to the bad stuff.  For me, the dj makes everything.  Even if I am with my friends, if the dj sucks, then the entire night is ruined.  For Monday night, I paid $20 (yes, even for a girl...though I wasn't on the guest list).  And what did I get?  Monday night techno music.  I guess for some people, techno music is their thing, but not so much for me.  A lot of the people in the club were just standing around, looking aimlessly, not dancing, but more talking on the floor and around the alleys.  In total, my friends were at the club for less than an hour, throwing out money into the trash.  Basically, the dj kept playing the same track over and over, interlaying it with something else.  The dancers themselves even looked bored.. . Around halfway when we were they, the dj changed, so we crossed out fingers, hoping that it would be better...but.....no, it got worse.  Not only was it still techno music, but it was slow techno music.  At that point, I called it a night and we left.. . Another negative was no seating on the outside, but that could be because it was closed on Monday.  I could see how it could get better on weekends, so I'm still going to visit at least one more time in the future.  Just...be smart and don't go on weekends..unless you like techno.
Our group had reserved a cabana nearly one month in advance only to find out that it was sold to the highest bidder for $10,000 right before we arrived.  . . Adding salt to the wound, the gatekeeper announced, "Hey, at least I'm getting you in without any cover.". . Without a place to sit and chill, the majority of our group headed back to the communal party suite upstairs.  Determined to make the best of it, 3 of us decided to stay back.  It could have been a lot morefun with the rest of the group but I still got to mingle and scope out the place.  With two guy friends watching my back, I had to lie about restroom breaks to sneak away...
Yes, it is the most expensive club ever built and yes, they gross more $$ than any other club in the country. That being said I had much higher expectations, and I have much higher standards. In short, the lighting, ambience, pool and barstaff would earn XS 7/5 stars... but they lose 4 of those. What XS gains in notoriety and prestige, they lack in logistics, personality and judgment.. . Upon arrival you find a confusing set of lines that took 30 minutes (Sober) to differentiate and walk from one to the other. Security is rude, not even allowing you to stand in the lobby for a minute before you are barked at. The staff inside the club is no better. 95 degree evening weather and drunken patrons warrant ice water poolside, as Drai's in Hollywood once offered me. What you find at XS  is $8 bottles of water. I'm pretty sure fire code requires a second exit in a club (expecially when booked past capacity). It took 20 minutes for us two ladies to reach the exit, and when we tried to take a short cut out security practically ripped our heads off!. . This isn't Hollywood, the velvet rope doesn't part because you are beautiful or because of who you are. It's all about the Benjamins at XS. The girls wait in line and pay a cover too. But if you can't afford bottle service and you don't want to wait in line behind 100+ people at 1 a.m., use your brain and you will figure it out. Better yet if you want to check out a hot new Vegas Club on the Strip, go to Marquee.
3 out of 4 times going to XS the DJ wasn't good. House music seems to be overtaking hip hop in Vegas so I have to brace for that, but even still, who plays like 10 seconds of a song then changes to the next track? Just enough time for people to yell "Oh I love this song!" and then it mixes away. And I wasn't the only one in my group, or on the dance floor, that was frustrated by that.. . Its so popular and everyone talks about it, but dancing to the mix they have there always feels like work, where I have to tell myself to just go with the beat and try to have fun. I'd prefer going to a dance club where you can't help BUT dance. . . The pool is pretty and sometimes they let you go in. I was confused one night where people were dressed for the beach and still getting in the club. Guess I didn't get the memo for a pool party, I would have rather worn comfortable sandals than my heels. Makes me want to bring my swim suit in my purse every time... just in case.. . Bottom line, I'll go if I'm with a big group that all wants to go, but if its up to me I'll pick a club with better DJs over going to whatever is the trendy spot.
I went on a Monday night so keep that in mind.. . The gogo dancers are entertaining to watch and the place is BEAUTIFUL! But, I can NOT dance to techno/dubstep/trance/house or whatever it is they play. I listen to some techno and dancing to techno is good for like 5 minutes, but it's just not my thing. I want my booty-popping music!! And, I don't know if this is common in clubs since I don't go clubbing often, but ... SOMEONE PLEASE CLEAN THE DANCE FLOOR! I saw at like 5 glasses on the floor @_@. . $5 of my cover was worth to look around and see the gorgeous club. Other than that, eh.. . Pros:. BEAUTIFUL. Open on Mondays!. . Cons:. Expensive (it's Vegas, so that shouldn't be surprising). House/techno/trance/etc music (unless you like that kind of stuff). Dirty dance floor
This is probably the busiest nightclub in Las Vegas. It would have been  impossible to get in with our large party if not for the appropriate connection. We got a cabana which ended up being placed on the top floor but it was the furthest from the main entrance.  The weather was unbearably hot and the club was WAY overcrowded.. .  They would not allow the misters to be turned on outside our cabana and within it there was NO air circulation.  No member of our party could sit inside of the cabana for more than 1 minute and that was only to pour their drink. Drinks were incredibly overpriced, once glass of champagne cost $25. From our location you could not hear the music well, the sound system was terrible. They had a bad DJ that only played top 40 music.  . . While standing near our cabana, we heard many people with the same complaints. The club itself however is designed beautifully and worth only a 1 time visit. It is very large but even with its size was very overcrowded. Not a good experience and definitely not recommended.
My first ever visit to the almighty XS to see what the fuss is all about would have been a much more enjoyable experience had it not been for the absolutely craptacular, headache inducing house / feck-no "music" they were spinning the entire night. Perhaps I chose the wrong evening to visit, but apparently, there was some "superstar DJ" on stage named "Norman Doray," so I was expecting something great. I kept waiting all night for him to put on something cool, but it was nothing but set after set of just banging and noise.. . And believe me when I say that I wasn't the only one who felt this way. Out of the hundreds of visitors in attendance, I'd say that less than 10% were even attempting to dance. Now, as a former DJ myself, I can appreciate talent on the turntables, and as far as actual skill, this guy has definitely got it goin' on, but the genre he chooses to waste his talent on is a crying shame. But hey, I'm sure he's making his bread, so who am I to criticize?. . On one of our taxi rides around town, we struck up a conversation with a younger, more hip cabbie, and asked him about this troubling techno trend in Vegas these days. He himself said that he abhors it, and wishes they would play more normal music that can be enjoyed by the general populace, and not just a select few.. . With all that said, the outdoor portion of XS is quite wide and roomy, and not once did I feel like a piece of wood on the sanding machine like at most other clubs. Aesthetically, it is indeed a beautiful venue. Best of all, there are plenty of ledges to sit on, which was perfect for us, as not a single one in our group of 20+ (mostly from the Bay, and some from Japan) could get down to the horrid beats emanating from the sound system. What's worse for me was the fact that I don't drink, and I couldn't even drown my sorrows in the bottle or cup.. . No lie, I was this close to actually giving alcohol a try for the first time in my life just so I could relieve myself from the noise.. . Furthermore, If there is one demographic in clubs that I can't stand, it's obnoxious, yuppie aZns, and this place has them in droves. Hey, everyone knows that Asian peeps tend to gravitate towards whatever is perceived as the hip and happenin' spots, and XS certainly falls under this category. I personally much prefer the non-Asian clubs myself.. . Since it was "Swim Sunday," the pool area was open for those brave enough to take a dip, and a couple of members of our crew actually decided to take them up on this offer... with their clothes still on! However, since my head was on the verge of bursting like a pumpkin at the musket range, I was long gone by then.. . Now, if you'll excuse me, I have an appointment shortly with my audiologist to get fitted for a new hearing aid.. . P.S. There is actually ONE genre of techno that I do like, and love to dance to, which is Jumpen, aka Hardstyle. Unfortunately, none of that was anywhere to be found on this night.
Best club in Vegas? I think not. Friends who know some locals say this is the place to go, so of course we had to check it out. We (of course) ran into a club promoter on the strip who had told us we would be on a list. We had assumed it was free cover for ladies since the promoter really didn't mention anything about a cover charge. I guess we appeared DUMB when asking why we had to pay $20 after we entered a line that appeared to be like getting on a  roller coaster at Great America. The cashier was like "No one gets in free here" (I guess its that cool...) Others paid $50 and we even met some people that paid $80 in advance with a table (even more money) who weren't able to get in. I guess they came too late? WOW--way to steal peoples money.. . Let alone, some big shot DJ was hosting....DeadMau5. Not being a regular clubber, I had NO idea who the heck that was but thought it'd be worth it since the club paid him 250k.(Ridiculous!!) I just couldn't get into his music...maybe it was b/c there was no lyrics?? or it just sounded like EVERY song was the same?? Not even a few drinks would've gotten me to enjoy the music. Too bad I didn't even get a chance to get a drink because there was about a 20 min line outside and I couldnt even enter the inside (too many people). My sister had to use the restroom and 30 min later she came back (yup-- its one of those places).. . On a positive note, the decor was amazing and the place is HUGE. It's basically the entire pool area and an area inside that turns into a giant nightclub at night. Smart idea, Steve Wynn....  Maybe some more bars could help though? . . We didn't stay very long, I guess we really just don't appreciate electronic or house or whatever you call it kind of music and that was it for us. Trying to find the EXIT was a joke. We asked two employees and they both gave us different answers, but we finally figured it out.  SO, I'd say save your money and go somewhere else BUT If you do wanna check it out, go early or you'll spend hours in line.
I don't know why, but XS continues to rub me the wrong way.  I've been here twice, both on Sunday nights during the summer so maybe it's because I'm not feeling the outside-only deal where 25% of the people got the memo that they can wear their bathing suits at night.  The outside is gorgeous but it doesn't make me feel like I'm at a club at all.  The "dance floor" or whatever right in front of the stage is too small and if you go towards the back where there's A LOT of space, you can't really hear the music or feel comfortable enough to dance because people are just lounging around.  . . I'd give this place one more chance simply because people really seem to love it and maybe I've just been going on the wrong nights or I wasn't drunk or enough or I need to wear better shoes.  Maybe on a Saturday.  Maybe during the winter when they actually open up the inside.. . 2 stars because the only good thing that came out of my last time at XS was that I discovered Max Vangeli.  Even though I was in a pissed off mood and my feet were killing me, his music was awesome and made my night a little bit better.
Alas the Ninja was in the mood to shake some shurikens on the dance floor  & celebrate a friends Bachelorette extravaganza... so it was off to Vegas. . . XS gets 2 stars for being such a spacious venue... unfortunately that is all they will get from the ninja. The experience with the staff let very little to be desired... The Ninja & footclan had confirmed several times with the club promoter that they were on the guestlist.. however.. when they showed up at XS to discover the promoter had failed... the guestlist guy & all of the other "line monitors" ( I don't know what else to call them) were very very stuck up, unhelpful & rude.. . The Failed promoter kept dropping names (go to to this person and then will let u in blah blah) and although we had the names and found the people... NONE of them cared enough to confirm anything for us.. . Standing less than 3ft away from us ones one of the guys we needed to speak with & we called his name several times to ask him for some direction and he ignored us.. . This is extremely unfortunate bc I have  a number of Bachelor & Bachelorette parties coming up that I had wanted to direct to XS. After this experience that is not going to happen.. . .::Overall::.. . Bottom line XS guys will pick and choose who they want to let in... even if u were on the guestlist they will easily ignore you if they choose bc you can easily be replaced by the other 50 million ppl trying to get in. Which sucks bc the Ninja used to luv XS.  Good Music, spacious venue... but the staff.. it was just so so bad..... . .::Recommendations??::.. . Never again for the Ninja... Smaller venues will value guests more.  Apologies for the drawn out review it was just a very sad experience that was near to ruining the Bachelorrette evening.
First time I came, I stood in the VIP line right in front of the Hosts podium, trying to get Mr. Clipboard's  and got ignored for every blonde that walked up. He even ignored the hot little latina a few feet down from me.  So the next time I came in, I brought a blonde friend (whom I think is just as attractive as me)  with me and the same guy was at the podium. He introduced himself to her and gave her a big hug and his business card... completely ignoring me. Not saying I am little Miss America, but dang brother... I am the one that was in the industry, not my friend.  Went another time with an industry friend (yes, a blonde as well) and SAME guy at podium got all excited and practically smothered her with kisses. Again, completely ignored me.  So now I know, if I don't have a blonde with me, I'll be waiting in general admission line even though I have a local drivers license and I might actually be in the mood meet men with champagne at their tables.  DOOR GUY NEEDS TO OPEN HIS MIND. . NAH, I'd rather go to Pure. At least their door guys aren't anti-eurasian
My first 21+ clubbing experience! I turned 21 on Monday, so we decided to hit up XS on a Sunday night, right before 12. It was literally 11:50pm and the guy wouldn't even let me through the door to wait in the second line they had inside. You already checked my ID, what's going to happen? The numbers on my drivers license are going to change around when it becomes midnight and I don't become 21? We were in a group of 12, and they had us wait on the side until it was midnight. Thanks for starting off my birthday with a bang, douche. They were also pretty rude, even though we were nothing but polite. Sorry I didn't want to flirt with you, like the two blonde bimbos after us that you chatted up andlet through. Ew.. . Once we got in, it was hella cold so the outdoor area was a no-go. Disgustingly packed inside - like.. moreso than a rave. Seriously. The dancefloor was just a swaying, smelly mosh pit. Boys and girls, it's called deodorant, please buy some. And use it.. . All our girls got free drink cards, but it took forever to get to the bar because it was so packed. I think my bartender forgot to put Midori in my Midori sour.. I don't know. I didn't taste any alcohol at all.. . I'm glad I got in for free, or I'd be so disappointed at this horrible experience. XS is supposed to be one of the hotspots right now, but I wish I'd just gone to Marquee or Tao. You need to be a lot more drunk to have fun here, I suppose.. . People barfing along the walkway and a fight broke out right as we were leaving. Real classy.
The actual club itself was nice... like, pretty nice.  It was a lot smaller than I expected.  I went on a friday night and I just wasn't feeling the music... then again, that whole electronic thing just isn't for me.. . We (5 girls in our group) had a host walk us in, but we still waited in line for a good 10 minutes.  Perhaps I'm spoiled (I don't usually do the wait in line for a club thing) but that wait seemed pretty long.. . Dance floor was crowded, but I guess that's a good thing. I don't know.  I feel like mayyyyybe I'm over the club scene and prefer the lounge scene instead.. . If you're into the trancey/electronic thing... maybe this club is for you. Me, not so much.
XS. The first nightclub I've went to in LV, and damn it's far away from the strip. You know, being the first time, my friends told me glorified stories of the nightclubs in Vegas if you go VIP bottle service. ~$500 per person, get a table, get the bottles, they give you a wristband, and the girls come flocking to you. Well, it's true, to an extent, but after the night I felt I was ripped off outta my ass. So, where do we begin.... . First of all, no wristband, just a stamp. And what the fuck, a pineapple? Well we're in for a nice ass fucking with this shit. . . So we went and ordered bottle vip service. Total cost of the drinks + tax + tips on the bill ITSELF totaled to almost... well you can imagine. Oh I loved this, the host never came to bring us to our table, and had the waitress do it instead. No, seriously, I do love this, because I don't have to tip her the $100 for showing us the table, unlike what we did during our stay at Marquee. . . Seriously, I cannot stress enough about never to trust the waitresses or the waiters in Vegas. The waitress will pour the shit out of the alcohol for you, then as soon as you put your cup down, the waiter will immediately swoop in and "clean" your cups. Each time they clean my shit, it costs us around $40 worth of alcohol that we didn't finish. Even if we put a napkin on top of it, they still take it. This "cleaning service" is more expensive than getting an Asian massage, I swear the god. So anyway, first time she offered, I was naive and said sure, give me some goose and sprite. Holy shit, she poured half the cup filled with goose. I took one sip, this shit was stronger than a AMF. So yeah, like I mentioned, I putted it down,  within 1 minute, the waiter came and took it away to give us the new cups. So when the waitress later returned, I said "No, I'll pour it myself." She gave me like an angry look or something, man, come on bitch, I'm starting to realize we're tipping these big titted sluts $400 so they would LEAVE US ALONE, not to come and pour us drinks. Get the FUCK outta here! Oh by the way, the shot cups they give us are double shots. And they refuse to give us that pouring tip thing that you can fit on bottles to prevent spills. More ways to eat up our money. . . The bouncers here were friendlier than the ones at Marquee. For one, my friend left to go Surrender and couldn't come back in. I went to the entrance to meet him, and the bouncer happened to recognize me, and after showing him my lovely pineapple pimp stamp, he let us back in. So much better than fucking Marquee.  . . I can't believe I'm saying this but I'm going to have to give them dibs for putting some kinda weird shit in the urinal. Seriously, whatever this is, it "absorbs" the piss to prevent much noise (not that you can hear that shit in a club anyways) and prevents the splishy splashy. Man, it was like a silencer being fitted into my cock. I was blasting away without having to care less about anyone hearing it. Oh awkward moments - they have people in the room offering you cologne or to wipe your hands for hopes of tips. I politely turned them down and proceeded to wash my hands. This guy puts his hand in front of the sensor so the water would come down for me as a "convenience." Okay? No offense dumbass, but when I stick my hand under the facet to wash it, then sensor can still sense my god damn hands, I don't need you to stick your hands there so close to mine. You wanna hold it? I'm surprised you guys aren't offering to shake it clean for me then. . . What really brought my cum to a boil is when towards the end we had half a bottle of goose left, and the waiter came and took away our chasers and bucket of ice. Okay, what the fuck? We still have a fucking goose left, and if we "price" it towards your standard, that's equal to around $250 left of drinks on our table. But yes, I guess that means shit when each table costs at least $2.5k. It's okay though I guess, funnier to drink with the girls without the chaser haha. But still, it was a bitch thing to do. . . This place is smaller than Marquee. For one, it's only one floor. No need for some shittyass steel in case of emergency exit staircase. Once you get out, it's still the luxury of the hotel, which is nice I guess. But luxury comes with anal-ness - there were chairs in the hallway but the security guards wouldn't let us sit on the chairs. What the fuck? . . All in all, I had a better time at this place, but after sobering up, reality then bites me in the dick and tells me it is not worth it to spend $500+ per night on this shit. There's so many cheaper alternatives than this - a sexy massage, a sexy escort, even fucking rhino, but I guess if you want to piss with a silencer stuck on your unit, then this is the place to go.
This is very hard to rate because I've been to XS multiple times but this most recent time I went, totally disgusted me. XS is the shit when the first couple of times I went, I won't lie about it. The place is amazing and even if the music is not for me, I still have fun. But the problem lies in the staff. . . Staff:  The staff kills the rating of this place totally. I didn't want to resort to this but since XS hired these people, I'm guessing they represent XS to the fullest and what they stand for. First off, I understand how vegas works with a group of guys and such. I understand they are not going to let hella guys in. That's a fact. But when I'm in front of the line and you stop me there for 3 hours, that's plain disrespectful and rude. I understand that the "bouncers" take their "fair share" so guys can go in, but to leave me for 3 hours at the front of the line and didn't even greet me, that was the last straw. Not only that, I was disrespected at the register by the cashiers because I guess they thought it was funny seeing me stand at the front of the line and not move. Hilarious I tell you. I normally do not write bad reviews, but for this place to irk me this bad-- I just couldn't believe it. . . Final Verdict: Go here if you like, it's a cool place...but again just make sure you don't mind being treated like low class citizens. Just so you all won't think I'm just being a little cry baby, I decided to do a test on Saturday night at the BEST club in Vegas at the busiest night also, MARQUEE. Get this....me and my friends already got bottle service so no need to wait in line, but to prove a point, I made us wait in the general admission line anyway. So as I waited in line, 3 staff from MARQUEE came up to us and greeted us and was very polite to us. When they found out we had a lot of guys he let us know that it would be a long wait. Maybe an 1 hour or so before we get in. Again, I understand Vegas, so I was cool about it. Within the next 15 minutes or so, another staff member came back to us to check on us and made sure if everything was ok. DAMN what great service and staff. See that's all it takes. After that we just left to the bottle service line and got in. MARQUEE's staff stood out and was very pleasant. XS not only did you just lose a client, you lost all respect with me. Don't worry, YELP is not the only place to write reviews.
XS is a great club --- BUT the promoters/hosts are very snobby. Too quick to answer without really trying to help. It's a shame, because once you get inside its really fun. But the people working it doesn't make people want to come back. . . We got in fine, we only waited 15 minutes when we arrived, no cover charge. But I just hate talking to the first few promoters, cuz they are soOo uptight and I just want to punch them in the face because they are not listening to my questions. . . And btw, I go clubbing alot, and it's very unnecessary to be this snobby. I love when promoters are super nice and know how to work their guests so they have a great experience. . . C'mon XS, get the front men promoters together! You know its a stressful job, but you signed up for it. It's Vegas for goodness sake.
XS, I still love you dearly, but this review is for one particular VIP host and the way he treated us the last time I went: Joe Leano. Yes, Joe, this one goes out to your pretentious ass.. . I went to XS for Tiesto night with three other girls after being promised by two different legit hosts that we would be able to get in on the reduced admission guest list ($20 for girls, $50 for guys). We were in line by 10 pm and did everything as we were told. When we got to the front of the line, however, Joe stopped us and told us there was no such thing as a reduced admission guest list. My friend and I whipped out our cell phones to show him the text messages we'd received literally minutes ago from our promoters, who were both working at Tryst that night. Joe basically told us he thought we were bullshitting (even though we told him he could check the numbers) and said he was only doing his job and we would have to pay $100 to get in (after telling our other friends $75 about 20 minutes earlier). Um... I'm sorry? I understand it's Tiesto night, but it's not even 11 pm, we're four girls on the guest list, and you're telling us to pay $100 to get into your club? We pointed out the absurdity of this and Joe told us in the rudest, most sarcastic tone ever that the only way he would accept proof of the "reduced admission guest list" we claimed existed was if we dragged one of our promoters over from Tryst to walk us in. We asked, very patiently, if we could go over and get a video recording or signature or something as proof. He said no and refused to offer a reason why, instead telling us over and over again to step out of line. . . By this point we were tired of wasting time when he was just being an asshole for the sake of being an asshole so we finally complied, but instead of leaving we went to go talk to Eric, who wrote us a slip within 10 seconds of us showing him our texts. After we got in my friend went to go give Joe a piece of her mind, and he conveniently slammed the door in her face.. . FYI, Joe, just because you're having a miserable night doesn't mean you have to ruin ours.
I have been to XS a few times and I love the place.  Please note this review applies to 3/13/2012 (Monday) when Lil' Jon was there. . . Before Lil Jon started spinning, it was pretty decent for Monday night but as soon as he started spinning, the place went insane!  (I have to admit his performace was amazing!).  While he was performing, more people came in and the place was so crowded to the point where it was very unsafe (people were pushing each other).  . . Please understand that I am a big guy and I have worked as a bouncer here and there last 7 years which include top clubs in LA and San Francisco so I am very familiar with crowd control.  It eventually reached the point where I felt "very unsafe" so I left.   . . We went to Marquee next night.  Ironically, bouncers there handled the crowd very well - they were making sure that dance floor was not overcapacity.  . . I hate to say this but XS management needs to put the safety first...
My first "real" club experience was here and it really sucked. I'd take karaoke night with geriatrics at the Paloma Room in Montebello, CA over this place. Allbecause of management's brilliant idea of letting everyone into the club and subsequently flooding the dance floor for DIPLO. At least in a mosh pit you can push back. Here you got posturing Jersey Shore rejects ("Oh the song is building up? That's my cue to lift my hands up and look up into the air as the music takes me away") with their crews forcing themselves through the dance floor getting butthurt if you won't let them mob you into the guard rail.. . That said, this place is nice looking and I can see why people would like it, but that night was just bullshit.
I like to start off by saying I haven't yelped in over a year, but my experience last weekend convinced me otherwise. Good job XS, I'm back on yelp.  . . This place gets a lot of hype and rightfully so. The venue is what I call a hot girl-crazy paradox.  Since its inception, what's not to love about her? XS is sexy, gorgeous & attractive. Everyone wants to sample it... even if it means paying a premium price, but people (me included) tend to be blind-sighted when their smarter friends warn you otherwise. . . Chilling in the room, reminiscing how awesome the previous nights were (side note: the wraparound balcony suite at the cosmopolitan deserves a well 10 star out of 5 review... but that's a different story), one of my best friend says, "hey, we should all go to XS tonight, I'll buy 4 tickets online. Avicii will be there". Yup, with house/trance being the mainstream these days, when you hear Avicii, Tiesto, or Gareth Emery... people like my friends automatically think it's going to be a good night. . . It was 9:30pm. We did the usual XS protocols. Go in before rush hour to get the usual two stamps... 1) for being 21+ 2) the other for re-entry. I like to address the ladder stamp being the most important. With their low quality stamp ink pads, make sure you get a FULL stamp. Not 1/3... not even half...  not ... but a FULL stamp. Let me repeat that again... a FULL STAMP (like the ones you get at Disneyland)  . . Later that night in the re-entry way, the security claims that my stamp wasn't clear enough for the club and that I had to immediately go back to general admission to purchase a new ticket. At that moment, I had the hot girl-crazy paradox epiphany... the illusion glass of hotness suddenly shattered and my realization of XS began.. .  . 1) XS's extra small dance floor. 2) XS's poor handle of crowd control. 3) XS's poor quality in bottle services . 4) XS's $19 red bull vodkas. 5) XS's poor judgment in the definition of Excess. . . . Like a hot-crazy girl, if you haven't experienced XS yet, you have to try it. It's something everyone must do and say, "yup... I done it"; however, if the next time is going to be your 10th... stop while you're ahead. Keep the legendary memories behind you and don't let it get tainted with the XS it is now: overcrowded, overpriced and most of all... overhyped. . . I'm back Yelpers. I'm back.
This is the second time I've reviewed this club. The first experience was great, but the next time I visited wasn't the same. Both times were Saturday nights. The first time I went with my man and we had an excellent time. However a few months later I went with my girlfriends and we tried to go to this club and the doormen were so difficult we ended up just leaving. Here's what happened.. . Me and my girls(6 of us total) and our 1 guy friend were approached earlier in the day by a promoter who said we could get in free to XS if we went to Tryst first to get a hand stamp and some free drinks. Sounded great so we took him up on his offer. . . Tryst was awesome and we all ended up with several free drinks each. Our 1 guy only paid half price cover. Then at about 2am we head over to XS to get in free. . . Here's the tricky part. They set up a separate free entrance on the other side around the corner of the main club entrance. We approached with our hand stamps and he of course lets all of us in except our 1 guy friend. We tell the bouncer nicely that he's our only guy friend and to please not make him go stand in the main line by himself. The doorman was of course on a ego trip and wouldn't budge on this. So to be nice to our friend we went around to the main entrance to stand in line with him. We get up to the front and then get snubbed by that doorman too. Finally he decides to let us through.Our guy friend prepares to pay as we head into the club. Then we get yelled at that we have to pay cover too. We say that we have the hand stamps. They say we can't come thru this line then. Blah,Blah, Blah and so on. Ok, then never mind. We aren't desperate. We just wanted to finish off the evening with a little more dancing. It just wasn't worth all this hassle. So we left.. . I will say the club is beautiful and might be worth seeing once if your willing to deal with the hassle of it all, but go early. The later it gets the more irritated the doormen are.
Unfortunately, my experience at XS was a nightmare. . . The waitress we ordered our drinks from charged our cards multiple times each, and not to mention was extremely rude.  We did not find out about these transactions until later that night when we checked our bank accounts.  The club was overcrowded and I'm assuming our cards got mixed up at the bar.  We are in the process of making claims with our banks. . . The DJ we saw prior to Deadmau5 was horrible. He did not engage the crowd and his music selection was uninspired.. . Overall, we felt completely ripped off and did not think the club was anything extra special. I wish our night had been better, but the Encore staff was unfriendly and rude  and the club was extremely overpacked. I've been to my fair share of EDM events and I felt this club was less than stellar. . . If anyone does visit the XS, my advice would be to bring cash for drinks since they obviously are not very organized and unconcerned about their guests.
I have been here a handful of times. Its huge, has a pool, poles, and awesome decor. Great beats and decent drinks. Basics for any club to be worth going to more than once. The reason that I truly cannot stand this club is just how pretentious the staff is. Its exhausting to deal with the attitude, odd sense of entitlement to say rude things to clients, and flat out lies some waiters give customers. This last time we got bottle service and it was truly a waste. The waiter was terrible, spilled a beverage all over my friends crotch who was sitting while it happened and instead of offering a real apology, comes back with a napkin towel. The bouncers wouldn't allow us back into our table area (oddly being that it was already rammed with NON table paying club goers) and demanded what our table number was. Being yelled at and ignored when you try to tell him its the second table from him with the obvious girls waiving at me was just the icing on the cake. My husband has to fetch me and the bouncer had the balls to say that I didn't need so much attitude. This happened 2x that night to myself, and everyone the girls who tried to god forbid use the restroom. Funny thing, the table number was never given to us until I had to ask it from the waiter. . . XS needs to get their act together, be more organized, and know you can have an awesome club if customer service standards were a priority. I know there are some real jerks that party at clubs in Vegas and they must get their fair share. But they absolutely cannot treat people like this. Worst bottle service experiences ever and won't be making that mistake again.
***LABOR DAY WEEKEND UPDATE***. . Ok, so I'm giving this low rating because I feel like someone from their team should read this and do something about my experience here because seriously, it was NOT cool and also NOT acceptable, in my opinion at least. The bouncer was SO SO SO SO SO RUDE AND DISRESPECTFUL to not only me, but to everyone else who was at the entrance with me. He not only yelled at me and the other guests trying to get into the club, but he also suggested that we pay him to get him. EXCUSE ME SIR, BUT I HAD ALREADY PAID $30 TO GET INTO THE CLUB IN THE FIRST PLACE. WHY IN THE WORLD WOULD I PAY YOU EVEN MORE MONEY TO GET INSIDE THE CLUB WHEN I HAD ALREADY DONE SO!?!?!?!? SO RUDE. But not only was he rude, but he was EXTREMELY DISRESPECTFUL. He yelled at this poor girl who's friends had gotten in before her and he also yelled at another guy who was trying to get in when all he had done was ask, very politely (and soberly if I may add) to get in. Honestly, dealing with this bouncer ruined my night and the way he treated everyone trying to get in seriously apalled me. I will say though that in the end, I did get in luckily because I went to another bouncer and I did have a good night, but seriously XS....this kind of service is unacceptable, especially when we have all paid to get in ESPECIALLY FOR LABOR DAY WEEKEND. Yah, I know it's crazy, and yah I know SOME people are beligerent, but if someone has not done anything to justify being yelled at, DON'T DO IT. so rude.
Yes, a beautiful space and decorated to the nines, but when I go see a big name DJ I go to dance.  Not to see and be seen.  The bouncers are intense and the only way to get on the actual dance floor if you don't have big boobs (and I'm a guy) is to grease them with money.  After trying and failing I finally gave them $100 bucks for my buddy and I.  This was after already dropping over $100 bucks per ticket.  We actually went to see and enjoy Avicci, and what we got was attitude and people dressed like they were going to a fine dining experience.  How can you shake your ass in those stilettos and suits??  . . If you're a real house head and going for the music, don't bother.  If you want to see and be seen, this is the place for you.  For me? I say lame, and I'm not going back.
This was my girlfriend's first trip to Vegas, and we did extensive research into the hotels, nightclubs and restaurants.  So many nightclub reviews compared their club to XS, that we figured XS had to be one of the places to check out.  We went on a Friday night.. . We ended up eating at Wynn, so we were already there.  Got in line early, around 10ish.  First, they pulled us off the main line to let us get in express - she looked fantastic and while I always thing I just look like a baboon with a suit on, she told me it was partially because of me, too.  So, first piece of advice, dress to the nines.. . The first problem though is after we got pulled off, we were told my girlfriend could get in for free, but I had to pay.  No problem with that, so we get out of the express line to go to the girls in for free line, but then we were told (after we already got out of line) the girls getting in for free have to go in through separate entrances - meaning I would have had to leave her alone for god knows how long while I waited in line.  Why in the world would you do that Wynn?  What would be wrong with either letter her in without paying in the main line, or letting me go with her and I'll just pay?  We thought that was really messed up, and rather then get separated, she decided she'd just pay the cover.  Thankfully, one of the security people let us right back to the front of the cover charge line and we got in fairly quickly.. . I'll admit that if I was only reviewing our first 60-90 minutes, this place would get a 4 (and would have gotten a 5 if not for the issue above).  It is beautiful.  Dance floor is a bit small, but the club opens up to the pool outside, and it was a mid April evening and it was beautiful.  I really liked it at first.  The second problem though was once they started packing it in.  Saying it was like sardines doesn't do it justice.  Sardines are each given their own condos compared to how packed they filled this place.  And while my girlfriend and I try to be respectful of all of the people jammed together, and just dance with short moves, the idiots in this place were still dancing as if they had the whole floor to themselves.  I can't tell you how many people I had to shove off of us.. . Like you'll see in many reviews, I am sure if we had a VIP table, it would have been a different experience, but we didn't have the money to spend.. . Last problem was the music.  It was all house.  I know that's what people want, and that's fine, but I just don't get it.  I go to clubs that mix in some house, but play heavy top 40, hip hop, etc, and everyone is dancing, singing along, and having a great time.  Maybe I'm just getting too old (35), but I just hated the music here.  Personal preference, I know, and most Vegas goers love it, but it wasn't for us.. . So while I am happy we checked it out, I wouldn't go back.  We left here and went to Act and had a MUCH better time, and the following night (Saturday) we went to Voodoo at the Rio and had a blast.  Just don't see what the big deal is with XS.
Hmm I was disappointed. It smelt of feetand the music wasn't great at all but maybe I went on a bad night. Blonde barmaid is super quick and efficient though, never waited more than a minute for a drink!
Our group was separated and while we were trying to figure out what's going on and figure out a way to get in (half of us were already in, but the other half was 10 min late) we were shuffled from one line to the next, one hallway to the other.  But the cherry on top was a napoleon syndrome bouncer man that literally wanted me to stand on the other side of him while we were all trying to have a conversation.  He was very rude, saying to my friend, "your friend is about to get herself kicked out in a minute" referring to me.  I hate people with a tiny bit of authority power tripping/bullying people and will never come back to this place on principal.  Hakasan is way better anyway.. . I'm only adding a star (for a total of 2) because its actually a nice set up and pretty fun usually.
I went for a 21st bday celebration with bottle service. It wasn't ready yet, so we had to wait around. Eventually they let us know there's still people there and we'd have to share. Um, okay? The guy attending us was probably new or has no idea how to handle table a party. Definitely not a great first impression. My friends and I didn't enjoy the music at all and we left around 3 after giving up on trying to enjoy ourselves.. I like to give things a second chance, but I'm not coming back any time soon or eager to return.
Eh? This place is definitely nice and the pool outside makes this area a good place to chill after dancing, but the long line and entrance fee are definitely not worth it.  Go to a club where the line isn't as long and hang out with your friends because if you go during memorial weekend, the guys better have money or else they won't get in.
So i had bottle service and it was super fast and easy to get in. Once in and seated at my table i went exploring. The outside area was super nice with the pool and cabanas. The outside wasn't too crowded and was easy to get to and from area to area. The inside was horrible!! I tried walking inside to get my friend who was at the bar and it took me 30 minutes to get to the bar! I felt like i was in a moshpit, peoplethrowing elbows and pushing and shoving just to get out of the giant crowd. Never again, if i go back to xs ill stay outside. The reason this got a 2 star review was because of the bouncers. They are douchebags. Just because they can accept tips doesn't mean they have to strong arm people to give them tips. I had three of my friends leave because a bouncer kept asking them to tip up or they'll be escorted out for freeloading. Wtf?
Never made it in, we got there 10 min after the guest list closed because the line was soooo long. Then they wanted to pay $20 each for 3 girls, no thank you. . . Since we didnt make it pass the door I cant really give too much opinion but think we shouldve been given a little lee-way since technically we did get there on time.
I really don't know why the ratings for this place is so high. The line is ridiculously long and slow. Unless you are willing to pay the bouncer some $$$ be ready to wait at least an hour in line. I don't mind waiting in line, but once I was in it was a complete sausage fest. The ratio was so messed up omg it was like 10 guys to 1 girl on a Friday night. The positive thing, it is a nice big club and I like the outdoor area to chill.
If you are coming here and want the "club" experience, go elsewhere. This is pretty much a performing hotspot or rave like atmosphere. Even if you befriend promoters and work something out in advance, prepare to wait at least an hour to get in which eliminates your buzz. They probably do it on purpose so people will buy more drinks when inside. The security staff are rude brutes. Drinks are decent. We came when Redfoo of LMFAO was performing and he was good. The DJ before him was just okay. The atmosphere is shady as fuck. People being dumb and rude and just all over the place. We literally had no room, we were packed like sardines and it was ridiculous. When Redfoo came out, shit hit the fan. People straight poppin mollys and being all retarded since they obviously don't know how to handle their shit. Amateur hour, for real for real. It's similar to Ruby Skye in SF but way smaller. The layout is shit as well. One central walkway to the club and with so many people that's completely dumb. Yeah there were side entrances but they were equally as small given the amount of people in the club. Getting around was a nightmare, could barely dance and the wait make this club not worth the trouble at all. If you ladies are getting dolled up and the fellas coming in fly as hell, go elsewhere to impress. If you want to see an artist or go rave, this is the spot. Otherwise, don't waste your time. Will not be coming back to just go out clubbing. However if Calvin Harris or Kaskade perform I would come back for that.
I'm not one to brag, but I've had my fair share of clubs throughout my lifetime. Maybe it was just because Redfoo was performing tonight but omfg, XS needs to work on their crowd control. I mean seriously, I was literally sandwiched between 5 people and I couldn't even lift my arms up.. . Granted, the venue is pretty nice compared to the other clubs I've been to in the US and the layout is segmented quite nicely. Don't get me wrong, I'm pretty sure the dance floor is a decent size but the security should definitely make sure that it isn't over capacity. Personally, I would suggest putting a cap on the # of people allowed in the club (rather than the dance floor because people were sneaking in). I understand people trying to make a profit but cmon, if your club is that crowded, you're gonna lose the reputation that you'd much rather have.. . Another complaint that I had was that I had to experience "champagne showers" first-hand. Trust me, it isn't fun when you're stuck in a sea of sweaty people.... . Overall, I really wanted to like this venue, but the control of the # of people is just not there. I mean, the music was good and the venue itself is really nice, but the fact that I couldn't even dance brought my experience to rock bottom. Oh and we waited in line for 30+ minutes even though we were on the guest list. Maybe I'll try it again during summer since I hear that there's an outdoor section.
