My wife and I decided to eat here for the first time a few weeks, Jan 7 to be exact which is first Friday. So you can imagine there was a bit of await. The chairs lined up along the wall for waiting patrons were all filled so we had to stand near them. One of the bartenders walked over to take orders from those seated. I had to tap him on the shoulder to get his attention. We I requested a beer he said ok with an annoyed look on his face. I never got that beer. Not a great start but I was willing to give it a chance. After 20 minutes we were seated- which is reasonable on first Fridays. Our waitress was very nice and took or drink orders. Once we ordered and received our food we never seen our waitress again until we were nearly finished eating. At that point another beer was out of the question. Luckily we had the carafe of water. She mentioned that she was watching munching down from across the room and didn't want to bother us. OK... Apparently we were her only table in that area as everyone around us seemed to have good service. Once finished eating we sat for 15 minutes waiting for a another appearance from her. The manager walked by and noticed our empty plates. We immediately asked him for the check since we had been more than ready to leave. He took our money but the waitress brought back my change. She apologized for the slow service. It was too little too late at that point. My wife and eat out and twice week and often look for new places. Ive never once not tipped- until now. The food was good but the service was bad. Its a shame one waitress ruined for us. I doubt we'll give it another chance.
LEZ is FEZ. . How do you see if a restaurant operates efficiently? Tackle it, for the first time, on a Saturday night...without a reservation. Why initially see a place when they're dead and can handle a rush of 6 customers?. . Unfortunately, for the apparently highly-rated Fez, my first impression Fezzled upon entering the incredibly small establishment. There was a wait; no doubt, it's Saturday and again, I didn't have a reservation. Thankfully, it was only "estimated" at 30 minutes. Honestly, that's not bad. And even when it turned out to be 40 minutes, I wasn't too upset.. . What did irk me was the wait at the bar to be acknowledged. The teeny-tiny bar (comparatively speaking, for the place, it was proportionate) was packed, and yet, there was a seat open in front of me with someone's bag on it. Apparently, the person to the left of the bag didn't want any close visitors. I was fine with that, because I had a party of two and we found plush seats off to the side. Back to the wait.... . TEN MINUTES? Sure they're busy, but, incredibly, I tip on service...not because it's expected and when the roughly three bartenders/servers behind the bar don't even say "Greetings, welcome to Fez, I'll be with you in a few moments" - for TEN MINUTES - I'm thinking of the savings I will have when/if I tip. Yeah, and I've worked with customers/clients for many years - don't want to date me, so let's just say more than 2 - and I was trained, on DAY ONE, that simple gesture: immediately acknowledge the new customer.. . Now, so it doesn't sound like I'm a poor patron, when I got service and the drinks, both were great. The friendly bartender was attentive (now that he got tome) and the drinks strong - a PLUS. I learned later that I could've ordered from the waiting seats...however...it wouldn't have really mattered. The roaming servers that were trying to accommodate the waiting and hungry souls, weren't truly helping those who waited. They seemed distracted and annoyed at the lack of direction they were probably given by the multiple voices from the kitchen/bar/host/absent supervisor. In fact, one tried to serve food to me and my friend, even though not only had we not ordered food, but we had yet to see a menu. And while we waited, we witnessed a table of six or so at their table ordering and when the server got half way around the group, he abruptly stopped and left. One patron had to shout out to ask if they could finish ordering. This should've been a red flag for me and my friend.. . Finally...we were sat. Thankfully my partner and I had a lot of catching up to do, because, again we had not seen menus. For ANOTHER TEN MINUTES. Trust me; I'm not making this up. And during this time, a couple was sat to my left, I assume they had reservations because they entered the restaurant and was immediately seated.. . Not only did they receive menus while they were sat, but their order was readily taken. A few minutes later, a very nice server named David Adam literally just happened to check on us (those were his words.) He wanted to know if someone already took our order. Instead of attempting to play the guessing game, I asked for menus.. . I will say David was a saving grace, because he was extremely pleasant and made pitch-perfect recommendations to my friend. It was still a long while before he took our order - apparently, he was really busy. Again, I was grateful my friend and I had a lot of catching up to do since we had plenty of time on our hands.. . Another saving grace was the food. We ordered Garlic and Rosemary Fries - delicious! - for an appetizer, then I ordered the Shrimp Kisra - EXCELLENT! - and upon David's recommendation my friend ordered Pesto & Dijon Lamb Chops. These are her words before ordering and I use them with permission: "I hate lamb, so I'll have the lamb chops.". . I laughed, but she trusted David so well, she ordered it. She was not disappointed. Neither was I when I tried it.. . Again, David made another good recommendation for desert: their signature cheesecake. I'm one of the few family members that I know that doesn't favor cheesecake. Yet, this was delicious.. . Okay...To sum it up, if you're unwilling to make a reservation (you really, REALLY should) but are willing to wait - we were in the place for a grand total of 3 hours, so much for going out afterwards (she had to get home to her kids) - they make up for it with the fantastic food. I just think, despite the tasty selections, the place is horribly managed. They have staff running around with little direction as if they're chickens with no heads. Please don't read into I am knocking the staff - they certainly did all they could to keep this house of cards from collapsing.
I enjoy the food at Fez everytime I dine at this establishment. The problem lies in the horrible service at every visit. They are always understaffed and there is never a manager on the floor.
Arrived for a late snack/drinks (10:30pm) with a small party. Got seated outside and had pretty spotty service. No servers or any help around for 30 mins at a time.
the food is decent. i would recommend the carrot cinnamon cumin soup every time!. . ^ i started writing that about two months ago....ive been back once or twice since.. . the service leaves MUCH to be desired. i don't know what it is about servers down here, but when i served up in northern az...we did something called hustling. they take forever to bring you anything you may need.. . most of what i have tried has been a bit bland. except for the amazing carrot cinnamon cumin soup. lol.
I just moved to Phoenix with my boyfriend. We were aimlessly driving around the central district recently and Fez popped up the Yelp app so we thought we'd try it out! Coming from Portland, OR I realize that we have become super picky about eating out (maybe even *gasp* "foodies")... but even so we were disappointed with the food and the service.. . We ordered some appetizers as well as 2 salads. The salads were SUPER saturated with dressing -- almost the point of being inedible. The sliders of the day were ok-- nothing super special. Our server was VERY friendly (a plus!) but left us for around 20 minutes before she wandered over and admitted she had forgotten about us and took our order.. . I would say, for the food the price is too high as were my expectations. I'm sorry to say we won't be going our of our way to visit again. I am starting to wonder if maybe I need to lower my expectations for Phoenix and accept sub-parr food at high prices as simply being the norm.
I don't understand how this place has so many stars, it's definitely not a 4 star establishment. Bottom line - it's not worth the price. I ordered the fez salad; it's basically two handfuls of field greens, three halves of CANNED pears, barely a tablespoon of goat cheese, and a few slivers of almonds.  The menu clearly states "cinnamon marinated pears", such bullshit. Totally false advertising. My husband ordered the bleu cheese burger, the patty had the texture of meatloaf (gross).. . They need to hire real kitchen staff who will prepare what is on the menu.
Heard so much about the great food and excellent happy hour at FEZ, so we had to go there - Friday, Jan.  20.  We were impressed with the food, and enormous servings, however the service was mediocre. Our server was trying to handle too many tables and seemed over-whelmed.  She didn't come back to our table to serve more beverages, and we repeatedly had to ask for service.  What do great prices mean when the service is so poor?  Don't they "get it"?  Our party left unimpressed.
Slow service--I've noticed this the last couple of visits to FEZ.  It took over 10 minutes to get acknowledged by a waiter after being seated and then another 10 minutes to receive our cocktails.  I actually thought about getting up and walking out as they were not busy at all.  Food came out fairly quickly and was consistent, no surprises or much of any new trends developing here.  After our food again, it took foreever to get a water refill and a second beer only after we flagged the waiter down.  For some reason though, he was quick to come around and ask if we were interested in desert.  Maybe he likes offering dessert?  It then took forever to get our tab to leave and only after we waved down the water.  The slow service has been noticeable the last couple of visits.  This leads me to believe either there is a staffing shortage or a lack of attentiveness amongst the wait staff.  I've noticed there was plenty of time for chit chat amongst the staff so I have to defer to my second assumption.  I thought it was just me that noticed this, but my friend who was with me from out of the country noticed the marked difference since the last time I took him here.  Slow service is going to show up in reduced gratuity, and eventually different restaurant choices as there are plenty in this price point.  FEZ management take notice, before you continue down the slope of mediocrity.
After coming to Phoenix, I realized that good reviews don't necessarily mean good food. I expected a crowded room when coming to FEZ on a Saturday morning for brunch but it was pretty scarce both inside and on the patio. I was SO disappointed with my eggs benedict. Eggs benny is one of my favorite weekend treats of all time and when done wrong, I am a very sad girl. The eggs weren't poached right and ended up in a little puddle next to the tough-to-chew baguette. The slices of ham looked like lunch meat and overall the dish was pretty awful. Two stars goes for their grapefruit cocktail which was tasty. I wish I could have traded my benedict for more drinks. . . Sorry FEZ, just didn't cut it for me.
My parents were visiting and I decided to take them to Fez.  The food was good but the service was terrible.  It took them 15 minutes to even notice that we arrived and were waiting to be seated even though there were tons of staff about.  The waitress rarely checked on us, never refilled the water carafe, and then proceeded to misplace my dad's debit card.  Most of the staff ignored us since we weren't their table and those we did interact with weren't very friendly.  My parents said that this experience would keep them from eating here again and I have to say I feel the same way.  It is unfortunate since the food was spot on.
Bad News for the bright and shiny star that was once the beacon upon Central.  No longer does FEZ glimmer and shimmer in the Phoenix Sun.  Thomas Smith , the life and light of FEZ no longer works there and almost at once the sparkling service has begun to fade. Without it's stellar Manager to showcase and shine  will FEZ survive? . . On my recent trip to FEZ it seemed to me the staff has lost their va-va-voom. While still pleasant , I didn't have that waited on hand and foot feeling I am so accustomed to , and have grown to love.  Looks like I will need to find another haunt to feel at home at.   Sad. Good bye the FEZ we have known.
So, I ordered the rosemary chicken sandwich.  Then I asked if I could get a VERY small portion of pesto pasta for my 10 month old baby. First of all, he doesn't eat very much and sometimes he won't eat at all.  The waitress gave me a stink face and told me that I couldn't do that BUT I could order this $6.00 portion from the bar menu. . .  The portion was WAY bigger than I would ever serve MYSELF at dinner.  And of course, he was not interested at all in eating it.  . . REALLY?? We've been dining out for 6 months now and this is the FIRST time a restaurant did not accommodate us.  Not only that, but the service was slow - I asked for a spoon to keep him entertained (everyone would rather have a happy baby in a restaurant than a cranky one) and I had to ask twice for it.  I had to ASK for a refill for my water also.  And she never asked how our meal was.. . The food was tasty, but I really did not want to be bringing home a full to go box home of pasta when all I wanted was about 10 noodles.   . . If your restaurant is going to have high chairs, then it should also have a changing table in the bathroom & accommodate children/babies for food.
I really had high hopes for this place. My co workers had given it reat reviews and I was looking forward ot having lunch there. I ordered a the strawberry/blueberry hafl salad with chicken. Now the chicken was really yummy and the strawberries were so fresh but to pay $15 for a half salad I think is a little much.
Met up with friends recently at Fez. Have never been a huge fan of this place but it's been a few years since my last visit. Nothing has really changed. Food isn't all that great or special. I do like their drinks menu. Only thing truly special about Fez is Monika Avalos!!!
I love FEZ and it is killing me to give them 2 stars.  Why?  The service was just flat out awful!  Our annual Christmas meet up was not a good experience.  The food was still great as always.  We sat for 10 mins before anyone came by.  Then another 10 mins before our drinks made it to the table and we ordered.  Never saw the server again to get a refill until the food arrived.  Then we had to flag another server down for another refill.  They said they will get our server.  Maybe 5 mins or more then the our server showed up.  I am so bummed!!!!
Visited FEZ last week while on vacation taking in some Spring Training and Suns games. After a Suns game, I did a 'Google search' on late night eateries in Phoenix, and found FEZ among the "Top 10".  I suppose I might be too old to appreciate 'hip' or 'new age', or maybe I was too hungry, but I did not like FEZ. I ordered the FEZ burger, and asked our waiter to put the cinnamon pears on the side because I just wasn't so sure of the combination of flavors. The burger arrived with the pears on it! I was going to say something to the waiter, and send the burger back to the kitchen,  but I decided to scrape them off. After all, it was almost 10:30 pm, and I was starving! Not even scraping them off made the burger taste any better. YUK!!! The flavors of the cinnamon pears, feta, some weird bbq sauce, and fried onion straws, and a spicy aioli sauce, just didn't blend to my culinary pallet.  I ended up taking the burger all apart and just eating the meat. I was totally disappointed with the burger. The service was below par. I won't be back.
The first time I ate here, it was the best burger that I had ever had.  I went back a week later and unfortunately the burger came out cold.  My friend ordered a well done burger and I ordered mine medium, so I assume that my burger got cold while they were still cooking his burger.  I went back again this past weekend to try their brunch.  I ordered the eggs benedict and once again, my food came out cold.  I was so annoyed that I just ate it and decided that I would not go back there.  The flavors of their food are really great and if I could get my food served hot, or I would even settle for warm, I would definitely be a regular.
I had a lunch date with a friend and she suggested we eat here. It seemed very busy and I was willing to wait to be sat. However, It took about 5 min for anyone to acknowledge me. Servers made eye contact, yet no one made the initiative to approach me or even say "we will be right with you". Oh well, made my way to the bar to get some kind of help. Eventually was sat somewhere in the restaurant. Took another 5 min for a server to come over and greet me. Maybe some FOH issues with management or lack of staffing? Either way, the food was decent and service was mediocre. I wouldn't go back for the fact that the customer service needs improvement. However, I am the type of person to try a place twice; in no hurry to make that second visit.
My food was very good.  I can't say the same about my service.  No silverware, no water, a couple of mishaps on orders.  Our group felt ignored most of the night.. . I've heard a lot of good things about this place so I'm sure I'll give it another try.  After I've run out of new places to try first...
Sigh....I was excited to come here after I saw the reviews including my yelp friends glowing reviews.  Unfortunately my experience was not the same.. . We arrived and were promptly seated.  . . Strike 1#: The seating was filled with crumbs and wasn't cleaned off after the previous group of patrons.  No big deal, we brushed the crumbs off.. . Strike #2: I really wanted a latte so I asked our waiter.  We don't have that, just plain coffee.  I was disappointed so I decided not to get anything else.  But he kept asking do you want the coffee after I already explained I didn't want plain coffee.  Why not suggest something else?. . Strike #3: I asked to redeem the check in deal: He answered of course no problem!  After several minutes he returnedand informed us that it could only be redeemed on the weekdays.  "Would you still like it?"  Uh...no my friends and I answered.. . Strike 4#: We order our meals and my friend received her order of sweet potato fries.  After several more minutes of waiting the waiter returned to say, "I'm sorry we can't make the fritatta because the oven isn't working.  I just shook my head.  I proceded to order something else.  . . My friend sensing my growing frustration said "I have no problem not tipping." I responded to her that "not tipping" reflects more on the customer more than it does on the waitstaff.  She then suggested I speak to the manager.  I decided to take her advice and seek out a manager bc the whole experience just didn't sit well with me.  It turns out the first person I approached up front was the manager.  As soon as I asked if I could speak to the manager, his whole demeanor changed.  I said, " I'm a little concerned about the service I've received here today." After I explained my disappointment in the series of missteps, he simply responded, " I'm sorry the seating was dirty.... we're a busy restaurant and we run out of things."  I suspect the waiter had already "briefed him" as he became very defensive answering "I mean we have coffee".  No smile, no words of reassurance - nothing.  Wow.  I said, "ok" and walked back to the table.. . When I returned to the table, I made my decision to leave.  I went back up to the manager to cancel my order and he said ok quicker than I could even get the words out of my mouth.  Then he proceded to come over to the table to ask if my friends wanted to cancel their orders also.  WOW.  I answered, "would you like them to?  I specifically stated that I would like to cancel MY order."  At this point I was elated that I had made the decision to leave.  It was obvious that he didn't want our business.  How obnoxious!  I regretted being kind enough to want to quickly cancel the order so as not to waste food!  (My friends were hungry and I would never expect them to leave just because I didn't like the service.  They acknowledged the service was bad, but were just so hungry they decided to stay.  I on the other hand am perfectly aware that I have MANY choices when it comes to dining so I opted to leave.)  . . My issue with the service overall was not that I couldn't get what I wanted.  It was the CURT RESPONSES given.  I have a history in the service industry in promotions and event planning along with several years in patient care in the healthcare arena (and am now currently a medical student).  I don't think it is unreasonable to get competent friendly waitstaff in a restaurant.  My waiter was very unhelpful and I suspect he was new as he was unfamiliar with details on the menu (and procedure).  It was just a very frustrating experience.  And the manager just made the whole experience worse. . . There are plenty of places to dine in the Phoenix area, my favorites being in Scottsdale.  The service has always been very good and substitutions are suggested to ensure a great experience.  That's all I expect.
Meh. Average gay place with average food and average gay Phoenicians. Meh...
My first time here several weeks ago was great. My second time lost a lot of points. Monsoon rains were coming and water leaked from the ceiling onto our chairs and table. Apparently the waiters didn't think a leaking roof was a big deal in a restaurant and didn't do anything to accommodate. We ended up just sliding the table away ourselves and heard no apology from anyone.  . . We asked our server for a minute to take our order soon after we arrived. He took forever afterward and only came when we flagged him down after making awkward forced eye contact. During my meal, he took my plate without asking if I was finished - I was still working on those fries and had to physically grab his arm to set the plate back down. . . Then there was this witch with a B giving us attitude because a friend asked why she didn't tell him she had moved his phone that was charging near the waiters' computer workstation. They exchanged some heavy words and we asked to speak to the manager.  The other workers were watching and smirking during this time. She claimed she didn't work there so she couldn't get fired (She was wearing all black like every other employee and had been chatting it up with two other waiters at the station for a while, but whatever she says...). . . So minus  stars because these waiters were awful and don't care about repeat customers. Minus stars for upcharging to sub for a measly portion of fries. Minus stars for not stepping in to stop a confrontation in the middle of the restaurant that was completely unnecessary. Minus stars for leaky roof and, hoping no one's contaminated.  . . They'll get to keep a few stars because the food itself isn't that bad. There's too many comparable restaurants in Phoenix for me to be back.  Bye bye FEZ, too bad.
Decent food but nothing special, best spot in the area
**tl;dr--they make a great burger, but that's probably about it. **. . At this point, it really goes without saying that the FEZ Burger is one of the best you can find in this town. If FEZ were just a burger place, I'd end my review with five stars and tell them to just take my money when lunch time rolls around. At $11, and $14 with fries (since when are fries a premium, and not the default side dish?) it's pricey, but you are getting good quality.. . But FEZ is more than just a burger joint, and the further it strays from what it does right, the more disappointment I was afflicted with. "New American" as it's often called, is a genre of food that borrows a foreign cuisine and makes it friendly to your unadventurous palates. Here, the motif is northern Africa, where you can sample the flavors of "kisra" and harissa. . . The "super spicy" hummus looked course enough to warrant high expectations. It just *looks* so fresh and house-made that I couldn't wait to dig in. I know spice gets toned down for American food, but I really expected it to mean more than mild flavoring and tons of salt. The herbs in the flatbread were not compatible with the hummus in any way, but generous slices of cucumber somehow saved it from being a total disaster.. . My honeydew margarita tasted like...well, a regular margarita. I'm not so sure they remembered to add anything to it. It was just alright. I understand they specialize in martinis, but that doesn't mean you get to slack on the rest!. . Sweet potato fries were overrated! Half way through, I noticed the faint crunch from the tons of added sugar that was just dumped on. It was definitely overkill, and the sweet dipping sauce didn't help. I will not order these again.. . Atmosphere was vaguely modern, but still bland. If you want to boast music as part of it, stop blasting radio-safe hits from 15 years ago and get with a cool, up-to-date playlist. Service felt rushed, but I'd rather have it be swift than slow. Management does well, but a kitchen that tries to do too much leaves much to be desired.
Pretty pricey for what you get, too dark with too loud music that you can't actually talk to your friends, really weird and off-putting menu items... . I got the FEZ burger (grilled angus burger with spicy honey molasses bbq, cinnamon pears, feta, lemon garlic aioli, crispy onions, & cilantro) which sounded really weird but intriguing. The spicy sweetness of the BBQ totally overpowered everything else -  I couldn't even taste the pears and lemon garlic which were two of the main eye-catchers in the description. It tasted just like any other BBQ and onion burger. I also split the rosemary garlic fries with my friend and they were basic fries sprinkled in garlic salt - way too salty to even taste the garlic.. I was not impressed. . . Also, I really hate at restaurants when you ask for a box for your left overs and the waitress takes your plate out of your sight instead of letting you put your own food in the box. All she put in was half my burger when I had bits of the other half and salad also on my plate. Super peeve of mine!
This is another example of a foodie place. The food is actualy real good but the price is just inside of outragous. Come on, it's a burger... not fillet minion... Don't get me wrong, it was good but total bill was just too high for me to want to go back there.  Oh and don't get me started on the parking...
I ate here with a friend last week. The look of the restaurant was nice. The food was...ok. It's kind of pricey for what you get I think.. . Drinks were expensive as hell, but strong. Of course, strong doesn't necessarily mean they taste good. The feztini was pretty much like a shot in a martini glass w sugar on the rim. Haha. . . I had a turkey burger that was...a strange consistency. It didn't taste bad, but was the strangest consistency ground turkey I've ever had...more of a finely ground turkey paste really. The flavor was...ok. I tried to give a piece from my leftover burger to my cat at home and he wouldn't eat it. I was surprised because it was a cat food kind of consistency. Lol. The bread was a ciabatta bread that looked like it was going to be crusty and hard, but was surprisingly soft and delicious. I got sweet potato fries which were good. Unfortunately when I asked for a box, the server boxed it for me and didn't put the leftover fries I saved into the box. :( . . Only other thing I feel might be worth a mention is the parking lot...it was reeeeeeally creepy and dark back there at night. There are nice lit up spots next to the restaurant, but they belonged to the FedEx next door and there were signs about them being for their customers only. So...I parked out back in the creepy dark lot with the strange river of what looked like sewage flowing through it. . . All in all, I would eat here if other people were going, but I wouldn't make the choice to go myself.
