ok, i realize we got our room off bookit.com for a good price, but this room was unacceptable.  looked nice, clean, comfy bed, but it was so noisy we couldn't sleep.  i think we had the worst location in the place...first floor, west wing, directly at the end of the hallway T off the west wing bar.  at one point, i opened the front door to ask the party in the hall to quiet down, then realized they were outside our bedroom window.  it sounded like someone was dropping rocks in the room above us.  earplugs should come with this room.  better yet, they should turn it into a second west wing public restroom.. . we loved centrifuge and the grand buffet.  if it weren't for the noise, i'd be leaving 4 stars.
Old furniture, barely working faucets, and got charged $20 per day resort fee without any additional services. Even newspaper that part of the resort fee was never delivered.
It's okay. Very reasonable prices, however for all the talk about 'Maximum Vegas' its not very exciting if you stay in the regular hotel. The signature suites probably warrant maximum Vegas. The rooms at the regular hotel are just meh, kind of like a nicer holiday inn.
Stayed there in 2009, the room was old, dark and ugly. If you're planning on staying there, better  to go to Signature MGM, which is much nicer. Just 5 mins walk from the MGM Grand. At least it's at a great location.
Found what I *thought* was a great deal on a vegascoupons.com - $64.99/night + 2 free buffets, yay! Right? Wrong. I called and had no problem reserving a handicap accessible room with roll-in shower & bench, and was told our room would be ready by 3pm. With our deal, it was to be a king size tower suite with a strip view - and the view was important to me because it was my fiance's first trip to Vegas.. . We arrived to check in a few minutes before 3, and were promptly told no handicap accessible rooms were available. Then the woman at the front desk looks at me, sitting in my wheelchair, and asks "Do you really need one?" Um, yeah! Unless you want me to be further injured and sue the tail off your hotel, then yeah! I kinda need to bathe safely, thanks!. . So she does some checking and find ONE accessible room, but it's not ready, and she can't guarantee when it will be. So I told her we need to be in that room, clothes changed, and ready to leave the hotel by 430p for our dinner plans with friends. She offers 2 free buffets for the inconvenience, because she was going to charge for the 2 buffets we were already supposed to have free with our reservation! When I explained, she said she could give me a $50 food/beverage comp - not really useful when our only meal at the hotel was going to be the buffet. . . Took the comp anyway - used it at a hotel bar: a beer and a white russian $22... I tipped $3 and the bartender accidentally typed it in as a $300 tip!  What if I hadn't caught that mistake?!. . Went to the lion habitat. The lions are cute, the tourists are morons - several people around us kept calling them tigers and were freaking out that the guys trained to be with the lions were hanging out in the habitat with them. . . Our room - when we were finally able to get into it - was smaller than we reserved and had a crappy parking garage view. There was a stain on the blanket. The tv remote was filthy, and there weren't many channels too choose from anyway. The shower took a good 5 min to kick on some hot water, but eventually it did warm up. . . The breakfast buffet kinda sucked. A small selection compared to other breakfast buffets. But the omelet guy was really good and fun to watch.. . Parking was free, and no worse than other hotels. The shops by the parking were cool, and some really good prices.. . Even though checking in was stressful enough to make me cry, we still had a better experience than other friends have now told me they had at this hotel.. . Never again.
This is a nice place to visit, Rainforest cafe is a good eat but otherwise i wouldn't stay here. I have to be honest, I havent stayed here but the feel that I get from this place, i have definitely seen better in Vegas!!
Im not a huge fan of MGM. The players club associates have attitudes. The servers are rude. The same server asked me for my ID 3 times. They don't give you a bracelet like the Venetian to let other severs and security know your 21+
So we spontaneously decided to extend our stay in Vegas by one night and since we had just eaten dinner at Craftsteak and were parked in the MGM grand self-park, we decided to just try there.  Well, we were really excited to see that they could accommodate us at about $70 for one night (about $100 total with tax, resort fee, etc.) and we decided to get the west wing type room over the standard since the receptionist said that the standards tend to be noisier.. . Well, we weren't really impressed.  Having just stayed at TI the past few nights and we were really impressed, this just didn't measure up for a number of reasons.. . 1) The room literally smelled gross, like garbage.  We think the prior people left some garbage in there toowrong.  We probably could have asked for a switch room, but were so tired by now that we just ended up dealing with it.. . 2) There was no TV remote.  We called and they brought us a new one and that also didn't work.  Called again, got a new one, finally the right one.  But this took a while.. . 3) I'm allergic to dust and needed non-feather pillows and comforters.  They definitely did a good job changing it before we got back to our room, but they only left two very small foam pillows for the two of us.  Again, we said oh well, we were tired, whatever.. . So in other words, it's not like the room was HORRIBLE, but we were just really disappointed and had to fell like "whatever" to everything.  And with the kind of service and other hotels there in Vegas, I don't really think we should have to feel like that.  So 2* is appropriate, we've had better, and many times, but we've only had worse once...
Nicest people here are the housekeepers.  They do a good job at cleaning the rooms and being respectful.  Other than that, customer service sucks. We got food poisoning the last night from ordering room service (didn't have any drinks this night) and when we told the front desk, there was no sorry, no comp and was just told to filea complaint with securit, which we did.  We didnt care about getting $15 back-- just some acknowledgement that there was a mistake.  Sad to say, they lost us as customers.  But I'm guessing they don't give a crap.
My third visit to the MGM Grand was fatally bad.  I will not return.  They did not have the 2 queen bed room we booked, and "upgraded" us to a room with one king and a rollaway. That sucked. Flashback to slow lines at check-in, and flash forward to three calls to housekeeping to get the rollaway.  And they didn't bring pillows or sheets. Huh? The room was filthy and in dis-repair. Think Monica Lewinsky's dress when I describe the filthy couch.  Think The Who circa 1970 when I describe the walls. Plus so much dust everywhere that I'm sneezing just writing this review. My take is that the MGM Grand is such a huge hotel, that with staff cutbacks, is not being maintained properly.  So, what goes on in Vegas, gets reported on Yelp.
I want to know how on earth they got four diamonds. The room had a bathroom with a glass door and you could hear everything going on in there :( Glad my boyfriend loves me! really uncomfortable, no fan to put on or anything. Customer service was lacking, they charge $18 a day in resort fees and the only thing I use is the printing of airline tickets and three people could not give us paper for the printer. The television in our room had a huge line through the picture, had we been on a relaxing vacation and not been on the go the whole time, I would have asked for a new room. . . Can't believe the level of service and poor room quality is four diamonds. I have been at much nicer places with a lot less diamonds!
I get it, it's one of the biggest hotels on the strip but that's exactly what's wrong with it.  Its so big that it takes 5 minutes to walk through the hotel just to get to get to the elevators.  But don't forget about the other 5 minutes it takes to board up, stop on every freaking floor, and walk down the never ending hall to your room.  Staying with 3 other girls can be cozy but the room was already small and felt especially cramped.  Had agreat time in Vegas with the girls but I wouldn't stay here again.
I honestly wasnt impressed with this hotel, I've seen a lot better and its always very crowded everywhere you go! The service is good, we got lost once and they were very helpful in helping us get to where we needed to be.
Oh man. What happened to this hotel? I remember years ago when it first opened it was the shizz, now it's nothing. The main attraction here would probably be the lion habitat, which of course is cool unless the lions are sleeping because then you're looking at two big cats cuddling with each other. I've had the chance to see them during feeding time. They throw the meat onto the glass so that the lions walk around and eat. You get to see their teeth and everything. . . The hotel rooms are nothing fancy, unless you stay at the Sky Loft, which I haven't. I recently saw an ad for it and it seems very swanky, but out of everyone's budget.. . DON'T BOTHER GOING TO THE BUFFET HERE.. We went, expecting it to be amazing, and it was simple-- nothing special. Kinda like a Hometown Buffet, but a little better. Trust me. Just. Don't. Waste. Your. Money. Here.. . Gambling here is cool though. I like their table selections. Dealers are very nice and have personality. I hate it when the dealers don't bother interacting with the table. It makes gambling boring.
I was super excited about staying here. our honeymoon was going to be awesome we got a suit and.... let me tell you i dont think i will be coming back! never in my life has some random person opened my hotel room! I mean i havent stayed any many hotels but if small ones are more careful then this place it says alot. it was like 8 am on a tuesday that someone knocking on our room woke me up. since no one answered obviously me and my husband were asleep the guy that by the way did not work there opened our room!!! a stranger had the key to our room my husband got up and went after him to see if it was an employee and he wasnt he was wearing street clothes. and when he went down to complain all they did was change our room key! what if i would of been in the room alone! never again MGM. i had an awesome time but that was just not right. i loved your pool and your customer service but i doubt that we will be back.
Well, I do have fond memories of this hotel from 16 years ago but this trip was the reality check that it has aged in the "not so gracefully" way.  It is tired and smokey and just filled with drunk 20-somethings.  We did not stay here this trip, we came in to go to dinner at a restaurant there.  The restaurants were dead.  I felt bad for them.
I am going to review both the Hotel itself and the gaming establishment.. . First the hotel:. . Tube televisions...really? Granted, I did not go to Las Vegas to watch T.V., but seeing a tube television in the "Deluxe" room really through me off. The beds were actually pretty comfortable, but the shower was really bad. It took me about 5 minutes each morning to get hot water, and the shower head is really short! I mean, I'm 5'2" and it was short for me. My brother is 6'3" and he could barely take a shower. That's just a little obnoxious. The other really bad thing about the hotel are the doors. There is a large gap between the bottom of the door and the floor, which lets you hear EVERYTHING! Yes the beds were comfortable, but being able to hear every single step outside and having to listen to the drunk people make their way back to their room at 2 in the morning made me a very grumpy person when I had to go to my business conference. I have stayed in several hotels on the strip over the past few years, and I must say that this was the worst experience I have ever had!. . Plus, I did not have a dollar to tip the bell hop to store my bags when the hotel would not let me check out late (even after playing 12 hours of blackjack during my stay), I was going to tip him when I picked up my bags after I grabbed some cash, but he was so rude to me for not giving him a tip I decided not to. Yes, I'm sorry I didn't have a $1 right there, but come on!. . Onto the gaming:. . The only reason that I did not give this hotel a 1 star was for their blackjack rules. It was refreshing to see a establishment offer 3 to 2 odds on blackjack at $10 tables. Now...onto the bad. I usually play $25, two deck tables in CA. MGM had 6 deck $25 tables and 6 deck $10 tables...what benefit would I have to be forced to play $25 a hand versus $10??? I found out later, they only give you comps if you play on the $25 tables...wtf? I played for 12 hours (yes, that's not even exaggerating....I asked the "MLife" club) and all I earned was $9.91 in comps. Maybe I'm spoiled at Barona in CA, but if I play over 8 hours there on a $5 table no less, I would earn a free night in there hotel (at minimum, I would at least get dinner). I think it's disgusting how poorly they comp their players. One guy who was sitting next to me for a few hours on Thursday was playing $40 a hand and they would not even comp him the cigarettes he asked for. I'm not a smoker, but I still think they should have given the guy something. But sure enough, even the pit bosses agreed that the casino just doesn't comp for playing at the $10 tables. She actually told me I would be better off playing slots! I had one dealer pretty much tell me the casino was broke, so that's why the comps suck now. Wish I would have known that before I put 12 hours of play in at the MGM grand hotel.. . Not only will I never go back here to stay again, but I am sure I will never play at this casino again either until they fix their comps. . . Poor form MGM Grand!. . Oh, and before I forget, beware the $22 fee PER DAY they charge you to use the internet, phones, and to have access to the cardio room (in theory you get a newspaper too). Not that I used ANY of that (I already pay $30 a month for internet access on my Ipad and I have a freaking Cell Phone!). You do not get the option to not have the resort fee...they just tack it on at the end. So, you pretty much have to add $22 a night to whatever price you get for your room.
Lobby is very nice.  Casino is decent.. nothing special.  And the rooms are crappy.  The first time i stayed here I wasn't impressed with the room.  just a place to lay down at night.. nothing more.  The second time I stayed here.  The room was even dingier then then I remembered.  There was no view. The Air vent was loud and the room had a very bad smell too it... needless to say we prepaid for this room and ended up staying at a different hotel.  Oh yea and the shower was terrible... i Like a strong shower but this was ridiculous.  spitting out water.. unable to control it...   and the shower head is VERY low... if your over 5'8" you will probably have to hunch down to get under it.  if not your head will be pressed up against it.   I don't think i need to say more.  small bubble TV... everything outdated....
I booked a 4 night stay here for my 1 year anniversary with my husband, on vegas.com. We picked this hotel because of the rate. When we got to the hotel, we were notified about a $22 daily maintenance fee. For what you might ask? Well, pretty much nothing.  . There is no provided drinkable water and no small refrigerator. My shower turned into a bath. There is not exhaust fan, so after you took a shower, the whole room felt damp.. The hotel was beautiful, but I rather spend my money in Cancun. Nothing stood out about this hotel. Don't waste your money here.
Stayed at the MGM Thursday-Saturday, the 6th-8th of October 2011. I have mixed feelings on our stay here so here's my breakdown:. . Pros:. - Decent price up front.. - Close to the airport.. - Maid service always did a great job.. - Employees were helpful checking in and out.. - Multiple GORGEOUS pools with many bars outside.. - Loved having the huge variety of restaurants available in the hotel, from McDonald's to Craftsteak, multiple Starbucks and everything in between. . . Cons:. - Had to pay a mandatory fee per day when checking in for, Wi-fi, phone calls, and a newspaper to delivered to your door daily (which we NEVER received). . - Had a TV in our bathroom area, it did not work.. - Had a leak from our shower in to the bathroom area.. - Ironing board was broken.. . Is the MGM great as a whole? Yes. Was our specific room great? No... I was pretty disappointed in our stay here with the few problems we had. Did it inhibit us from having an amazing time? No, but being on vacation I'd hope to have everything go smoothly and error free.
Wow! What a difference a day makes. The first day I checked in at the MGM they gave me the group rate of $199. Not too bad for a Tuesday night in November. But then when I wanted to extend my stay 1 night, Wednesday night, they wanted $835. What!?!? That's right, $835. The check-in person said it's basic supply and demand, MGM is short on rooms - the price goes up. . . Let me be the first to say that $199 is a lot for what you get at the MGM, but bearable. However, $299, $399 or more is just ridiculous and $835 is insane. . . The rooms look like they're from the mid-80's and the amenities suck. There is no mini bar in the room.  The clock radio looks like the $9 special from Target. There's no way to hook up your iPod to anything to play your music.  The mirror in the bathroom is showing it's age with water damage to the bottom corners.  The shower / tub grout is grey from use. There is only 1 power port on the desk to charge your portable electronics and the TV is the kind your grandma has. No, not a flat screen, it's a 27" color box TV. . . On the positive side, the room is clean, the tile on the bathroom floor looks like marble and the AC works great - but that's were it ends. . . There are signs all over the hotel saying they are going thru a remodel, but I didn't see any work being done. . . You may want to pass on staying here until they remodel their hotel rooms.
Very disappointed with my recent trip to the MGM.  Our TV was installed in the early 90s and had a hole in the front that you had to stick your finger in to turn the thing on!  Generally, the room was dusty and didn't boast anything to write home about.. . For the money, this was really a bummer... I won't be back to this hotel.
I really do not know what the thrill is for this place. It has some decent views but I personally think it is a bit overrated. What  makes matters worse is just outside of this Hotel 2 short guys from El Salvador pass out magazines listed with porn and call girls all day long. I guess all of Vegas is sketchy if you think about it.
There used to be a time when MGM was this great an wonderful place. It was huge. Gambling was fun. Now it's just chugging along and I'm not quite sure it knows where to go. . . Honestly, the best thing this place has going is the Garden Arena, which still sounds excellent and the all inclusiveness that might appeal to families wanting a day or two away.. . For me, it just wasn't it. They noted construction going on, but I didn't know how annoying and bad it got until they actually started doing it. Banging, cold water... It was too much. I called andasked for just a late check out so I can sleep a little and they couldn't do it. I should mention that it was on a Monday and the place was FAR from busy. . . I didn't mind the resort fees. I valeted and used the internet, so it seemed worth it. Though including the cardio room and not the gym seemed rather odd. . . Now here comes the kicker, after 4 days, I just wanted some nice employee to help me with my bags, instead I got some lousy guy who was pissy that he had to load my bags. He literally threw them into my car. Thank goodness nothing broke, but did he have to be an ass about it? It's his job. He put the cooler I had in the front seat. NOT on the floor. Did he magically think it was going to be seat belted? It's a cooler! Not a person! I even tipped him BEFORE this. I should have done it after and throw pennies at his pressed ass. (Yes, I said that.). . Back in the day, MGM was one of my favorite places to go. You would think when the economy is in the shitter, they'd work on some customer service skills.. . Yeah, no.
My girlfriend and I spent three nights at the MGM and had a mixed experience. It took about 45 minutes for them to correct our Priceline reservation. We had paid for two for one buffet, free admission to Studio 54 and two free drinks but they didn't have any record and had to find it (which they did). The person that originally checked us in rushed us out before we had the chance to ask any questions, but the second person we got (after waiting in line again) was great and resolved the issue. . . We then got two shows, KA and David Copperfield. Both were great shows, KA was the best show I've seen anywhere, ever... and David Copperfield was entertaining (but not to the scale of KA). . . Our room needed a lot of work. The remotes didn't work, but were replaced after afew hours of waiting. The shower flooded the bathroom and bedroom area (there was no sealer under the curtain) but the front desk was responsive in getting fresh towels up within a few minutes after that happened. . . The lamp in the room on the desk would constantly spark, sometimes randomly and any time you tapped it. The power in the room caused some power issues with my laptop which appeared like it might be causing random surges (which would also explain the lamp issue). We were not able to get a lamp that did not spark during our stay.  Additionally, the wireless only worked the first day we were there (but no discount on the "resort fee!"). . Check out was fast, efficient, and painless. . . Overall, the service was excellent, the rooms were poor, and the shows were great. We'll definitely be back for the entertainment, but will be staying somewhere else in the future.
The best thing about this place is the amount of steps my pedometer registers when visiting this property. Which, for some, can be considered a curse rather than a blessing. The second best is (or was) the poker room. I'm not sure about that anymore because I haven't played here since before the cowboys came to town and they relocated the poker room to put in a stage area for NFR events. I sincerely hope this is just a temporary adjustment.. . The first thing I noticed when I walked through the door was the overwhelmingly fragranced air. Not good. It smelled like perfume mania in here. Yuck. After tending to the business at hand I had planned to buy-in for some Texas hold'em and enjoy a meal here. My plans were immediately changed due to the fact that I was light-headed from trying to hold my breath. The smell was that strong. The second thing I notice was the rodeo crowd. There were LOTS of cowboys in proper attire ever ready for a tip of the hat. . . I headed straight  to the players club as I was here for business not pleasure. After a minimal wait I received great customer service. I was attempting to redeem my Mlife points for show tickets. Even though I didn't get exactly what I wanted the staff was helpful and appeared to do all they could to fulfill my request. Unfortunately, their new players club is not as good as originally advertised as the accumulated points don't travel between MGM properties. Points earned in the MGM poker room can only be redeemed at the MGM, in MGM eateries. They cannot however be redeemed for Lion King tickets at Mandalay Bay.. . I hope to post an update when/if the conditions improve.
My friends and I decided it would be a good idea to drive to vegas from orange county at 1am 2 weeks before christmas. When we rolled up to thestrip we started calling hotels to get a room. The mgm sounded great because it was right on the strip and only $65/night in the middle of the week. So we valeted the car got our stuff and strolled up to the checkin desk. We asked for the BEST room they had available because we were only staying one night and we wanted to go big! The woman at the desk said if we wanted a room we would have to pay for last night and tonight because it was 3am. we were so exhausted we agreed. she also informed us that we would be charged a $40 resort fee. So we were like okay fine!.  . When we got to our room it was a normal room with 2 queen beds on the 5th floor... HAHA that was the best? nooo! so we went back to the desk. We were already a little frustrated. Then on top of that there was absolutely no one in line and we stood there for 10 mins to get the front desk attendants attention was annoying! We finally got into a more desirable room on the 28th floor over looking the strip. . . After a few hours of sleep we woke up ready to go! As everyone knows its way more fun to pregame to music so we called the front desk for ipod speakers.  They told us it would be $110 to RENT a iHome for 24hours! What a joke! Ive stayed plenty of places on the strip and its always complementary especially if you pay a resort fee!! Mmmmokay so we passed on the iHome. Soon after we realized there was no mini fridge in the room. So we called the front again asking why our room didnt have one.Apparently our room hadn't been remodeled yet. OF FREAKING COURSE NOT! we only asked for the best room right?  So we asked them to bring a mini fridge to our room..  . ME:          "alllllllright.. thats a going to be an additional $30 to rent a mini fridge. So your telling me the fridge is less then the iHome". MGM:      "...yes.". ME:          "mmmh ok!? and your telling me all the other rooms that are up to date get a fridge complementary and we need to pay for one". MGM:       "...yes.". .  ALRIGHT thanks alot mgm...for nothing! Needless to say not a good experience next time me and my friends go to vegas (which we californians do) we will NOT be staying there!
Only went for the food and lions.. . Sorry, MGM, the Rainforest Cafe has sucky food and your lion exhibit is a bit sad. Not much room for those lions.. . Wish the big cats had more room. They looked decently-cared for, other than that. I'm sure sometimes there are stupid people pounding on the glass to try to get their attention, but not while we were there.
I really expected more... It was a sad state of affairs from the get go.  At check in we were told we had two rooms reserved.  We only booked one.  She was not helpful or kind in any way.  She told us we  had to take it up with the people we booked with and that was all she could do.   Wait... i just go here you throw this issue at me and i may have spent all my money on two hotel rooms... I haven't even had a drink yet!  . I requested a manager and she was kind enough to help us out and cancel the second reservation in a matter of 30 seconds.  The remainder of the time there we were just baffled at how unhappy the staff was and how they treated patrons.  We came across maybe two people there who enjoyed what they were doing and were worth chatting too and they truly earned their tips in my opinon.  I have a series of issues from this stay and i did take it up with MGM.  They offered to refund me my "hotel fees" . . I will not be giving these folks my business when  I visit Vegas.  I suggest you dont either.  Save your $$ and go elsewhere
Beware of the rooms that have not yet been renovated.  They have a "$25 upgraded room" add on fee,... might be worth it.  My non-upgraded room in the West Wing was terrible.  Scary, narrow and dark hallway.  Dark room.  Was cutting edge 10 years ago, but is dingy and not a relaxing setting now.  It is a shame that instead of offering a discount on their sub-standard, below-par rooms, they are asking for an upgrade fee to upgrade to a room that meets what would be considered an everyday standard level of quality.
what happened to the lions?!
I stay here for conferences and have stayed in a few of the wings.  The West Wing rooms are more recently remodeled and much nicer/cleaner than standard rooms in the other wings.  I've mostly had standard king and 2 queen rooms which still come with a sofa and work area.  Bathrooms are large with well lit vanity area and a deep bathtub.  The only thing I don't like about these rooms is that there is no deadbolt or security latch of any type on the door.  There is no way to prevent someone with a room key from entering while you are in the room.  Seems like a security risk to me.  . . Service at the front desk has always been very friendly and quick when I've stayed here.  Even when there were a lot of people in front of me at check in, I've never waited more than a few minutes.  Similarly, any time I've made a request of staff / housekeeping, it's been taken care of quickly. . . The hotel / casino / resort itself is massive and a bit too spread out for my taste.  Fortunately there are a lot of restaurants near the room elevators, so you do not have to cross a smoky casino in order to get to dinner.   Unfortunately it's a bit of a hike away from other casinos -- the shortest way to get back on to the strip is to cut through the casino.
I tried to let some time pass so I would be more even handed.. . My experience with MGM was atrocious.  We were lucky (?) to get one of the newly remodeled rooms, and it really is nicely designed and furnished.  The room was HUGE, the bathroom was HUGE, and everything looked really nice.  When the lights were working.. . The bathroom lights had something wrong with the wiring, as they would trip out from time to time.  After being off for a while (cooling down) they would work again.  You can see how this causes trouble when maintenance tries to fix it.  They come when we're out, say the lights work fine.  We get back, have them on for 20 minutes while getting ready and POOF.  Awesome.  The patronizing little notes about resetting the outlet really helped.. . Sort of on a tangent, but I don't like staying in a fancy schmancy hotel and finding random garbage in the drawers.  Ew.  What else wasn't cleaned?. . And, the kicker.  The night we got to town, fiance was at another casino playing cards, and I was tired.  I head up to the room, try my key, and nothing is working.  I am tired, I am in heels, grrrrrrrrr.  So down to the desk I go.  It's hell in a handbasket getting them to believe I actually have a key to a room since my name isn't on the reservation (although I can tell them the name, credit card info, address, etc.).  Finally they believe me, then say "that room checked out."  I'm sorry lady, but no, we didn't check out.  This woman legitimately looked me in the eye and said "that room checked in and out today."  What?  Do you see the reservation?  It is not for four hours.  She finally gets some information from someone else, and tells me I have to go wait for security to let me into the room.  I also have to tell them where they can find something with my name on it in the room.  I can't describe what's in the room, what our luggage looks like, what sort of clothes/knickknacks are lying around, no.  Something with my name on it.  Of course I have my purse and ID with me so... what?  Thank goodness I checked a bag with my name on the tag, because if not I would've been abandoned in the hallway.. . Nice job, MGM.
Very disappointed in the rooms, the sink doesn't drain, the ceiling is molding and people were always smoking in room on the non smoking floor.. No fridge, no coffee pot , no bottled water,,, was   very much surprised after all the advertising about room improvement..I do love the people there ,while serving they always seem to be pleasant and it is a fun place to gamble...  Don't go to the pool, it's very dirty... Kinda disappointed, used to better treatment
Upon entering from The Strip, this place seemed massive - almost too big. It seemed more of a gamers hotel than anything else. Luckily, when we got to our room we found it to be newly remodeled in a very tasteful manner.  We had just spent two night at the Monte Carlo and the room was definitely a step up from what we had just stayed in.  Unfortunately, in many other ways, the Monte Carlo outclasses the MGM.  . . The 10 minute walk to the pool area was a pain in the ass.  And considering that we checked in at 5:00 and were leaving in the morning, it rubs me the wrong way that I had to pay the "resort fee" when we weren't even able to use the pool for more than 20 minutes (pools close at 6:00 - except for the lazy river, was closed at 5:00.)  Once again, I was disappointed by the fact that there was no WiFi.  For this price range, I'll be staying somewhere else my next time in Vegas.
This stay sucked, we got sick from the construction dust. Some of the black jack dealers have to much of a serious attitude and make it difficult to have fun, its not fun to lose when your dealer looks like he's forced to be there. Hotel smelled musty when we first arrived a couple broken fixtures in the bathroom. Nexy time we will problably spend a little extra cash and stay somewhere else.
Blah. You can find better for less money.. . I was disappointed with almost everything about the MGM - it has slipped in recent years. The check in line was unreasonably long (and we were there in the early afternoon). We were underwhelmed at the quality of the room and the furnishings. The casino could use a good cleaning. The whole place has the feeling that it has seen better days. . . There are nicer hotels on the strip.
I stayed there 3 nights with family on a sort of reunion.  We stayed last time at the Venetian, but I chose the MGM Grand as other reviews said the pool scene was great.  Yuck.  Check in was a snarl of desks with a crowd in front of each one - no order or lines.   Rooms are a few miles away from the front desk - no problem, but the room was not right, which necessitated another trip down to the front desk crowd (to be fair I did have the option of waiting 35 minutes for a bellman)  Room rates on the website are comparable to other hotels - but when you get there, EVERYTHING but the air is $25 extra.   Add all of the charges and you not only feel ripped off but poorer.. . We booked a cabana at the pool - Cabana is an optimistic idea for a little curtain and some stained furniture.  My quoted rate was a $400 minimum of food and drink - the posted rate was $600, going up to $800 on weekends.  Lackluster ordinary food was delivered by a nice waiter who also brought towels (gee, no $25 charge for those), but 7 of us found it tough to drink that much in the middle of the day.  . . Breakfast was a mall style food court where we had the choice of Nathans, McDonalds, or Starbucks -  On Friday, a group of conventioneers arrived, and the hotel did not provide a separate room for their breakfast -- so they were all in line at the various breakfast venues - making the wait from 30 - 45 minutes.  . . UNBELIEVABLY LOUD AND HORRIBLE MUSIC PLAYED ABSOLUTELY EVERYWHERE BUT IN OUR ROOMS - IN THE FOOD COURT, THE RESTAURANTS, THE POOL.    TWO DAYS LATER I AM STILL KIND OF DEAF.  . . Maybe celebrities and reality stars get treated well here, but I would not recommend it to anyone else.
What is the mgm anymore without its lions now they have put translucent cover over the entire lion habitat.  How retarded! !
After having an amazerball time at the Mirage but a mere 3 months ago, I decided to check out its mlife buddy MGM Grand, thinking, this is one of the more known hotels on the Strip, what the eff could go wrong.... . Think again sunshine.. . I booked a newly renovated queen smoking room at a pretty decent rate on a Thursday/Friday night.  Upon arrival at the hotel lobby at 1ish, I decided to try to early check-in since it worked out so well at the Mirage.  First of all, the lines were horrendous.  There were no counters that separated those of the mlife players and the rest of the peeps... (at least there were no indicators).  I would think you would have such a distinction as to at least put some benefit in being a mlife player.  I believe it would be good for the membership program to get some relatively distinct benefits to having it.. . Second, when we finally got to the counters, we checked in with a lady named Kristine.  Now thinking I might get somewhere with a girl with the same name as me (well as same as it gets), I asked her if she had any upgrades available.  Right away, she said no.  Then she immediately, she said, "Oh, I lied.  There's one available."  She quoted me $150 a night (which is what I paid to upgrade at the Mirage), and then backtracked saying it would be around that sum, but she needed to check with the manager.  She calls somebody on the phone, and all of a sudden, upon hang up, it's now $396 a night to upgrade.  What the eff.  That is nowhere near the $150 she originally quoted me.  But me not being made of money, decided that the newly renovated rooms had to do.  At this point I wasn't upset because that's how the world goes right?  Wrong.. . She proceeds to check us in and first thing she starts going on was the room.  Apparently there's only one hall of renovated rooms for smokers.  And wouldn't you know it, they are out of those rooms.  I say, but I booked a smoking room. She says we have a policy that saves our *sses stating that your requested room type may not be available but we'll make a sincere effort to accommodate your request.  Now, sincere effort is pretty shady.  Because trust, even though I didn't get what I wanted, there really wasn't any effort to accommodate me.  She offered me a non-renovated queen smoking room, which I'm thinking why would I stay in a non-renovated room, when I booked MGM for the renovated ones, and everytime I would try to explain my growing upsetness, she would cut me off and throw policy at me.  There wasn't any sincere effort to be accomodating or even attempt at service recovery, which given that this is MGM is quite surprising. Oh wait, she offered me a late check out on Saturday, which wasn't that great seeing as how it's our last day in Vegas.  And she stated that the view from the room was good, "at least.". . Then, she swiped some key cards and then tells us that there are no rooms available at the moment for us to go and vegetate after the long drive, and that  it will be somewhere around 3-4 for us to get a room number and for the room to be available.  Now on the confirmation page it says 3pm check in time.  So I'm a little bothered by this, but she says 4 for sure.  So off we go gambling.  Come 3:30  time, I give the hotline a call and they tell me, the room is still unavailable due maintenance.  A little annoyed, I decided I'll call at 4 since it would "definitely" be available right?  Wrong.  Come 4, there still was no room available... this prompted a check with the floor manager and it turns out, its still being cleaned.  Finally at 4:22ish, I get a room number.  By the time I'm all settled and in the room its probably around 4:45.  I open the blinds.  Are you effing kidding me?  The view she said was good?  I can't even see any part of the Strip.  I'm literally next to ground level, and all I see are taxis and utility poles, and the bulk of the main hotel driveway.  Thinking no way am I taking this, this was the final straw.  I call hotel vip services (which is the mlife hotline) and tell a girl named Samantha all my problems.  She said that apparently my room is an accessible one, and that I requested for an accessible room.  I tell her none of my party are physically disabled, so why did we get an accessible room?  She looked into it a little more, and APPARENTLY this was the only room available.  Now I understand overbooking, as I work in the airline industry.  But when we overbook?  We comp the passengers to the point of overkill.  MGM?  Forget about it.  You can bet I'm going to march right to the check in counter tomorrow morning and getting a manager on my problems stat.
Came here for one night on business. The room is in bad need of being updated. It looks like an 80's bachelor pad. Complete with a red leather armless chair to a cheaply converted dresser into anentertainment center. It also has way to many mirrors, a bathroom counter that is to small for a hair brush, and no coffee maker. I also got a towel with a 6" hole in it. If this is remodeled and grander, don't expect MGM to survive much longer. I won't be back.. . Ps...there is a hidden $25 fee that you won't see any where other than the fine print of your confirmation email.
Was here two weeks ago for a conference. I am in LAS frequently for conferences. I have stayed here many times, just to be close to whatever conference I was attending. . I hate that this place is so big -- its like 2 miles to the conference center. Try that in heels . The room this time was a real WOW. I'd give it 5 stars EXCEPT...it lacked a cork opener. I called housekeeping....$12.00 for a cork screw. And I just wanted to open an extremely over priced bottle of red wine ($30) from the lobby store. . Are you kidding me? . I will never go back there. . They play to the lowest common denominator.
Old hotel, not a real fan of it.  But, they do have Wolfgang Puck Grill & Bar inside, which has rather reasonable pricing!
I reserved my room about a month and a half in advance just so that I wouldn't have any issues.  I reserved a non-smoking, suite with two queen beds and when we checked in, it turned out that they were booked and could only give us a smoking room with a king bed!!! WTH... I make reservations to avoid stuff like this and we get slapped in the face??  We had to go for it because it was Memorial Day Weekend and the likelihood that we would find something was very slim.  Oh, and to make matters worse we didn't even get one of the renovated rooms, we got an ugly old one with a leaking faucet!  We got no apologies and no goodies in lieu of their mistake and to top it off they over charged my friend's credit card.  We will not be staying here again and I hope they get their act together.  The only reason they get two stars is because at least their pool parties were worth it.
Decided to give MGM another chance and I sure do regret it. The air conditioning in our room barely worked. It was always hot in our room. The water pressure in the shower was crap as well. The worse part was that they screwed up our late checkout. I paid for late checkout when I was booking the hotel online and on Sunday they told us we have to checkout at 12 instead of 4. I went down and spoke to Bri who is the reason I am not giving them a 1 star review. She talked to her manager and they let us stay until 2. Our flight was not until 5 so we went straight to the airport so we did not have to haul our bags with us. The resort fee of $25 is bullshit as well. It doesn't even include access to the gym. I will definitely avoid this place like the plague from now on.
My husband posted about our trip too but I also want to post my own review given this was my first Vegas trip.... . So first time going to Vegas and we show up stand in line FOREVER! Seriously if it wasnt for the nice lobby with music videos playing I'd feel like I was at the DMV. After waiting at least 20+ minutes for just the 2 people checking in before us (yes only 2 people) we finally get to the counter to find out our reservations were cancelled for some unnamed reason. Wait, what? Why? Couldnt tell us why and of course nobody from the hotel called prior to just cancelling us... . . We ended up getting our reservation re-opened and moved to a closer room to our friends that were a floor above us. Which was fine since it was a nicer room than what we originally paid for. (Hence keeping a star for that) BUT I had to ask for it (aka play a little hardball), even though the woman at the desk said they dont do "upgrades for free" after getting our reservation cancelled and it being a birthday weekend she opted to help us out. So the delux king it was rather than a petite king. Cool, thanks... . . 2nd star was for the decent room. It was a little dated but comfortable, nice large bathroom, comfy bed, decent view of the mountains... But thats about where it ended. I realize I was in Vegas and people are there to party... all night... But I couldnt believe that there was no hotel security or something of the like to keep people respectable in the hallways to the rooms. I'm sorry but when I am ready to sleep I dont appreciate people hooting and hollaring just outsideour room, which pretty much sounded like they came right in our room to yell. The sound of people going to and from was actually pretty bad. Knowing I am a light sleeper and can get pretty grumpy when my sleep is interrupted I went to the over priced little store near the lobby/elevators and purchased ear plugs. Those helped a lot and allowed me to get some decent sleep. I am very thankful that the little store carried them otherwise I'd not be doing very well. . . Ok lets talk about the pool area... Good Lord it was CROWDED! But with my group of people we stayed in the Lazy River and ended up having an awesome time despite there not being any chairs or place to sit near the pool itself. We did take over some tables by the food area and werent bothered by staff at all for leaving our stuff there so it was cool. I quickly learned that even though there were tons of people in a rather small area everyone got along. Normally big crowds and booze lead to stupidness but everyone was great, all there just to have a good time. So if you are hesitant to try the lazy river because of how many bodies are in it, try it anyway. It was a great way to spend 4 hours and beat the heat and humidity. . . Seriously our trip was full of high and low points... High point at check out was the gentlemen that checked us out was really nice and ended up comping us on a few things because of the hassel of what we went through with getting our $75 food credit that we got with our room with booking thru the hotel and for the random cancel... We appreciated him, but upon checking our credit card statement when we got home there are now some pending charges that we dont understand WHY they are there. When we called the hotel the lady that answered was incredibly rude to my husband and literally wouldnt let him finish a sentence to try and explain what we were seeing on our credit card statement. So we're opting to wait and see how those pending charges get handled and go from there... So beware when staying here. Make sure you check your statements after your stay.... . Over all for the absolute hassel of staying at this place I probably wont be back unless we are with another group again. The Lazy River wasnt enough to make me want to spend my hard earned dollars here. *IF* I did come back I would most likely try the Signature instead. After reading their reviews it sounds more like what I'd appreciate in a room and they have their own check out staff that are probably less crowded. The place is huge and can get fairly confusing to try and get anywhere but after a few trips up and back we were finally able to get our bearings and navigate. . . Final thoughts... The MGM looks really nice, its a beautiful property but service leaves a lot to be desired and their rooms are needing the current renovation that they are doing. But, the construction thats happening (that we thankfully didnt hear unlike our friends that got woken up at 9am by jack hammering) I think they should close off many more floors so that when you roll into bed at 4am you dont get woken up at 9am. Its not like the MGM can't afford to do so... . . Next time I am in Vegas I plan on going elsewhere...
This used to be my go to hotel every time I stayed in Vegas - the pool is SO much fun, whether it's Wet Republic or the lazy river, wide variety of restaurants, and I loved the ambiance and the crowds there.  The past few times I've tried to get a room there, the rooms have been ridiculously expensive so I ended up staying elsewhere. The thing that gets me about many other Vegas hotels now, including this one is the HUGE fee they are charging for a "resort fee".  MGM is now up to I believe $25 per night which is a huge reason why I haven't even been checking room rates here anymore when I visit - it's not even worth it.  SUCH a rip off.
Good Location, nice rooms. Check in was a disaster, considering I spoke English. Our person checking us in was not, and did not like that I did not understand her. Had to get another person to translate what I was requesting. NO comps for difficulties. Manager seemed to not want to deal with the situation. Overpriced on a regular day. We got a deal to try out the place since we had heard so much good. Won't go back, so many others that are great. La Quinta has better service at checkin.
Not the old MGM...  Very unimpressed with the quality of work put in to remodel. Very poor  wireless access for 25$ a day resort fee. Rooms dirty. Construction noise before 8 am everyday. No so great pool attendants. Unsafe elevator door would not stop trying to shut  while people still in door way......  Overpriced vending machine in every room.
Do not stay in the west wing the tower is what your're looking for! The west wing is outdated and crummy!
stayed for business. was promised to be sent invoice for expense reimbursement within 24 hours. 5 days later - no invoice. tried to call - nobody picks up. an automated voice says "email corparsupport @ mgm resorts. spelling C O R P S U P P O R T ..". . see the trick? corp AR support vs corp support? . . curious why they don't spend 2 min to check their automated tellers' messages...
Wow! What a difference a day makes. The first day I checked in at the MGM they gave me the group rate of $199. Not too bad for a Tuesday night in November. But then when I wanted to extend my stay 1 night, Wednesday night, they wanted $835. What!?!? That's right, $835. The check-in person said it's basic supply and demand, MGM is short on rooms - the price goes up. . . Let me be the first to say that $199 is a lot for what you get at the MGM, but bearable. However, $299, $399 or more is just ridiculous and $835 is insane. . . The rooms look like they're from the mid-80's and the amenities suck. There is no mini bar in the room.  The clock radio looks like the $9 special from Target. There's no way to hook up your iPod to anything to play your music.  The mirror in the bathroom is showing it's age with water damage to the bottom corners.  The shower / tub grout is grey from use. There is only 1 power port on the desk to charge your portable electronics and the TV is the kind your grandma has. No, not a flat screen, it's a 27" color box TV. . . On the positive side, the room is clean, the tile on the bathroom floor looks like marble and the AC works great - but that's were it ends. . . There are signs all over the hotel saying they are going thru a remodel, but I didn't see any work being done. . . You may want to pass on staying here until they remodel their hotel rooms.
I stayed at MGM Grand for the first time on Nov 2-4. The hotel was okay, rooms are decent. I stayed in both the basic Queen room and the Executive Queen Suite. Basic Queen was nice and clean. The Executive Queen Suite was nice as well. It had both a bath and a shower, and a couch. I found that it was nice to have a TV both in front of the couches and in front of the beds. I enjoyed the black out curtains in both rooms, unique and fun. I now know what type of screens I would like for my home. . . The portion of my stay that was horrendous was the service at the front desk. I was visiting vegas for a Bachelorette party. I described the situation of how I need to check in now, but would like for them to give the room keys to the other main person under the room (she was the maid of honor and was surprising us/kicked us out of the room until the surprise was ready). I asked the front desk man if he understood what I was asking and if everything was fine. He agreed all was fine (but honestly I felt like he was staring at me listening to some story and thinking I was an idiot or something). 30 minutes later, I receive a phone call from the maid of honor and her mother that we were not checked in. I had to walk quickly/ run back to MGM from Cosmopolitan to deal with the incompetent front desk. As I almost arrived to MGM, I received a text from the maid of honor's mother telling me that she spoke to a supervisor and that we were checked in now. I still was told to retrieve some keys, so I continued to the front desk. When I arrived there, I was told we weren't checked in and asked them to check us in. I don't know how many times my party has to say CHEK US IN for MGM's front desk to understand. They are incompetent and need retraining. Their customer service skills need to improve (although some were fine) and they need to work on listening to the client. The second person I spoke to that actually checked me in said he would let his manager know of the situation, but my party never received any apology for their incompetence. . . The best service at MGM was the concierge. They really went above and beyond to help the maid of honor with the surprises for the bride to be. It included room service with tasty treats and champagne to celebrate, chocolate covered strawberries and a surprise gift, which included more alcohol and martini glasses we could keep. . . The other great part of MGM are the managers. They have that position for a reason. I spoke to the MGM front desk manager over the phone. I expressed their need to improve their customer service skills at the front desk and explained everything I had went through with MGM. DId i mention, I was my first visit and I was horrified? He was extremely kind and interested in figuring out what happened. He thanked me many times and appreciated my input in helping improve their front desk service. I just wanted to let them know how terrible my front desk experience was, the apologies are nice, and if the manager gets to the bottom of which guy sucked at life.. . So to stay at MGM or not to stay? you COULD... If their front desk improves. Concierge was awesome so if you do have a special event, you know you can count on them. I say use a coin and toss. . . on another note, do all hotels not have microwaves? or do you have to request one? Is that even an option?
Stayed in the remodeled spa suite...very nice they now have plugs to charge your stuff all over the room. Also the sectional sofa and big mirrors were a plus for having friends over to get ready together. The bad side: Everything in the mini bar (beer/water) was hot and there were blood stains on the comforter...gross...also our sinks regurgitated and black stuff came out of one glad we only stayed here one night
It is as if someone wanted to bring the Laughlin experience to the Las Vegas Strip. The bed was comfortable and the room was quiet. However, for $250 a night, I would like a place with restrooms somewhere near the restaurants. A hundred small things make this a "never to repeat" adventure.
The room was great the service was terrible!
Checked in early, allowed due to me being a VIP guest. However, the room not only had "Hair" in the bed & the whirlpool tub, but the staffs have made a clear point to emphasize: You are cash only! As, I was o trying to order some fries & a banana. Including when there is $200 pulled from the Bank card that's associated with the room guests. Bad business, for sure. This is a comped room & they are making a huge step by refusing to provide an easy recourse service(s) due to their Bad Customer Service issues/concerns affecting MGM's room guests directly.
Poor design of hotel.  Rooms are small and you have to walk almost a mile it seems before getting to your room.  Crap!  We were here for Thanksgiving holiday and the service line for checking in was massive and it took at least 40 minutes before we were able to check in.  Customer service needs to move at rapid speed.  Our rep took some time to check us in at first telling us we were on the 3rd floor, then changed it again saying we were now on the 5th.  Annoying!  We also told her that we had two separate reservations and she indicated that she had taken care of everything for us.  However, she failed to tell us that our cards would be deactivated so late night we get back to our room only to find out we have to walk that long mile again back to the lobby to get our room keys activated again.  Annoyed!  . . The rooms are some kinda funky.  Small sink and water deeps out of the shower, if you are not careful.  The only thing I liked about this place is that at least they paid me out a few hundred on the slots.  Would I stay again?  The answer is nope!
Did not stay here, but they have a lot of places to shop and eat. The reason for the lowered review from 3 star is that this place is really confusing to navigate. Not just a little, but a lot. Some of their directional signs were wrong too so I ended up walking in circles. The casino decorating was strange. I actually had no desire whatsoever to play anything. So whatever they are doing here, they are doing it wrong.
As a Vegas aristocrat with 50+ trips under my belt, I was lured away from Wynn (my usual) by a casino host wanting me to "re-experience the NEW MGM!".  New rooms etc. "We will blow you away!". What I got was the same old tired MGM experience:. - no limo from the airport (promised) - cabbed it which was fine since it was so close to the airport. - room type not available upon checkin (6PM) - "we can switch you over tomorrow" - got a smoking room (wanted non) which was nicely newly furnished - but it had the remnants of the previous guest (partly opened gift basket, two empty beer bottles, etc.  Couldn't switch out - host conveniently not available.. - Freeplay not available / no record. . Needless to say, I got a bad vibe within the first hour and actually moved over to Wynn.  . I give it two stars because I see the rooms have been upgraded.  . Lots of places to stay in Vegas, but for a primped Wynn Tower Suite / Aria Sky Suite regular - very meh.
I would give this hotel a 2.5 stars if I could. The room over all feeling wasn't so bad. We loved the new modern decoration of the hotel room, and nice king bed. But if you look closely everything was kind of cheaply made. But since we didn't pay the premium price for this room, we didn't have any complain on the room itself.. The biggest problem we had this past weekend stay was the odor smell. We could tell the section we stayed at (West Wing Tower, 4-515) is newer than the rest of the tower, looks like an extension. Once we stepped into West Wing (you could tell the carpet and wall all changed all of the sudden) we could smell strong air fresheners/deodorizer. We didn't like it, but we didn't know why. Until we got into the room, the toilet smells like sewer, I was certain it was some sort of plumbing problem caused the strong odor, and that explains why they used strong air freshener to deodorize the entire hall way. I used to live in an apartment like that, not until they fix the major plumbing problem underneath the building, the toilet will smell like that for a long time.. On top of that, TV in the bathroom wasn't working, express check out wasn't working, and Wifi internet was down for the second night of the stay, even though we were all forced to pay $25 resort fee, but couldn't use internet, I would love to see them refund us that money.. Lastly, we were supposed to have a $75 dining credit post into our room. Since the express check out wasn't working, and after this bad experience I just couldn't trust their management, so I went down to lobby to check out in person, sure enough, they did not post that $75 credit and tried to charge onto my credit card. Glad I did check out in person otherwise it would be another hour long phone calls to get that money back once I get home.... So, over all, I don't recommend this hotel, even though the room "looks nice" and fairly cheap.
Hmmm.  I used to really love the MGM for their awesome pools and lazy river, good food, and rooms...not so much any more.  Stayed in one of their dark, dingy, west wing rooms that was cramped, damaged, lacked consistent hot water, horrible use of space, etc...these were the NEW rooms.  We were finally able to move to the OLD rooms that are soon to be discontinued which were must larger and mor comfortable...even though they lacked the flatscreen and modern touches.  You either have to blow $100 for two on every meal unless you want a hot dog or Mcdonalds...there are not really many middle price options.  Dining is way too expensive for what's delivered...and I don't mind a really expensive great dinner, but not every night!  Water was turned off on other rooms for half the day, I was embarrassed that my family had to wait to shower or use their toilets.  Lion area was closed down the whole time, bridge access to adjacent casino was closed and rerouted outside, 54 nightclub shut down with nothing on its place (Tabu on the other end), huge portions of casino floor bare and taped off while they do construction, hammering and drilling heard in our rooms every night, etc.  I used to LOVE the MGM Grand...but...never again.
Did not exceed or even meet my expectation at all after the "grand renovation". It bothers me when they claim that they are good, yet you don't feel it when you are living in it. . . Couple of things:. We arrived around 5pm on 12/24, and it took close to 1 hour for the check in.  (By the way, every time I walk by the lobby there is a huge line for check in, so I don't think it is an isolated event).   I just hope that the hotel managers know that for ever minute the customers waiting on line, the hotel is losing $$ because the customers can't go "donate $$" on the gambling tables and eating the two pieces sushi for $50.   Fix the check-in issue MGM...!. On our 2nd day, we came back at night around 10pm only to find that our room has not been cleaned.  I called housekeeping, and the lady told me that there were too many rooms to clean today so they couldn't get to all of it.  When I told her that I expect my room to be cleaned her attitude basically said "you need to suck it up, we just don't have the staff".  She then just transferred me to the front desk while I was talking to her in a middle of a sentence..... After explaining the situation to the front desk AGAIN, they offered me a 2 day resort fee credit, and move to another room.  For MGM - I don't really care about your 2 day resort fee or a new room. I just wanted a no drama vacation, and you did a good job making sure that didn't happen....  Fix your customer service level and house keeping department!!. . Overall, my recommendation is to keep your expectation LOW.  They are not as good as they say they are.  And maybe go during a slower season, hopefully they are put more attention on you.  The room is not bad for a regular hotel room, but try to stay in the newly renovated ones if you can.  The in room wi-fi is not good, sometimes you can't pick up signal.
There's no door separating the bathroom from the bedroom area.  There's a frosted glass door for the toilet and another frosted glass door for the shower, but the sink and make up area is completely open.  This means that when you turn on the light to use the bathroom or the shower, the entire hotel room is lit.  It's poorly designed.  There's a t.v. embedded in the mirror in the bathroom, but it doesn't work.  Not only that, it obstructs the view of the mirror.  Not very well thought out.. . There was a long line for registration.  It was $28 for resort fees and over $240 per night.  The walls are thin.  Our room was close to the elevators and I can clearly hear the "floor X, going down" from the room.
Nice hotel. Terribly slow service at check-in.  Waited 90 minutes!  Uncomfortable beds
rainforest cafe!! they were undercontruction i didn't even want to enter it fear of somethin falling on me.
What is with the horrible potpourri smell they are pumping into the casino?  Made me sick. We left after 5 minutes.. . I was here a little over a year ago and was not nauseated by the smell.  However, when I arrived here last weekend, I walked in and immediately had to walk out.  We had to pass through the casino multiple times, but never stopped to gamble or eat b/c the old lady perfume smell was giving me a headache.  . . Please stop pumping this horrific smell into your hotel/casino so that I can stop and stay for a while on my next visit.  Thank you.. . I understand that most hotels have some sort of air freshener type sent because of the smoke, but this is just really strong and really bad.  Worse than any other hotel I went to on the strip.  Unbearable.
Can you say old, tired, and dated??. . Unfortunately, the MGM has seen its brightest days go and pass. As we walked into the lobby, half of the entire space was sectioned off (possibly for remodeling?). . . The hotel felt like a construction zone! Seriously. One of pet peeves is keeping something open while trying to do an extensive remodel. It simply doesn't work! I don't know why anyone would stay here with all the hammering, noise, and dust. The lobby basically has nothing fun to do in it. The hotel is also on the end of the strip making it harder to get to where the action is (Cosmopolitan, Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, Paris).  They even took away the live tigers (which were the only reason to make a trip to the MGM).. . Let's hope this remodel is a complete overall of the hotel. Otherwise, I think MGM has seen its better days.. . MGM Resorts should focus on their flagship properties that are actually modern and entertaining. (It is embarrassing in my opinion to have a resort open with your flagship MGM branding on it that is subpar to most of the other resorts on the strip.)
This hotel is pretty, but it is always crowded.  The valet line is too long and I never win on any of their games.  My biggest complaint is that this hotel's pillows are hard as a rock and are absolutely the worst thing for a person that has had a long night of drinking.  It is also very noisy in the hallways, and the airport is close enough to wake you up to the sound of helicopter tours early in the morning...  However there is excellent service here and the buffet is one of the best buffets on the strip, not to mention included with your stay.  It is also in a nice location near some other fun casinos. But I don't think I will be staying here ever again if not completely because of how horribly uncomfortable the pillows are... where does the money go?
I would have given this hotel a higher rating but it was SO smokey. I'm sorry I thought it was 2013- why are people still allowed to smoke wherever they want in this place? Some of it is to be expected throughout any casino, but this was overwhelming. I had trouble eating at some of the restaurants because they are wide open and people can smoke right next to your table. My friend got stuck on a smoking floor, because there weren't any other rooms available, and she said it was like someone was chain smoking in her room. Disgusting. I can't wait for Vegas to get with the times and ban smoking indoors like the rest of the world.
MGM Grand Hotel was one of my favorite Casino in Las Vegas.  Now I have to change my mind.  There Hotel service is way down and checking in takes way too long.  MGM I will keep my business with your family Casino line Aria and Etc.  But I don't think I will be stay in MGM Grand Hotel anymore.  Very disappointed!
5 star prices 2 star service!!!!. . There was no view for us, but rather an eyesore of the roof below.. . Green outer spotlights of the hotel blinded us while in the room during the night hours  essentially rendering the window completely useless and a hindrance.  I would have  expected the hotel to at least wash the outer windows effected by the lights as it certainly showcased just how absolutely filthy theywere.  . . Fortunately we had the option of completely blacking out the window by lowering the shade, otherwise sleeping would have required sedation.  . . Our shower clogged leaving us standing in 8 inches of water before stepping out.. . The Ice machine was a quarter of a mile walk outside our hotel room door, all the way down the hall and into another hallway.  . . Nothing was complimentary, not even a bottled water.. . Internet WI/FI prices were ridiculous, around 20 dollars for 10 hours beginning from when you accepted the terms, not actual usage time.. . Plan on walking great distances for just about anything you want at this hotel.. . Certainly I shouldn't expect to pay anything less than premium at any hotel on the strip, however, at $500 for two nights, a few complimentary waters, some free Internet access, and somewhat of a view would have been nice.  . . No need to elaborate any further on those items that are completely unacceptable.
Booked hotel more than a month ahead of arrival. Two days before arriving we get an email saying our room rate has gone up. So what was the point of making a reservation? To their credit I called and they changed it back to the original rate, but it was a total waste of time. . Checking in was no better. Room size we reserved was not available at check in again why? . Room was just okay. Faucet falling off wall in shower. Maid service not so good did not change sheets or finish cleaning room. We are two fifty year olds not like we made a huge mess. Coffee cups?. Hotel is large not labeled well especially West Lobby where all tours leave from. . Pools were very nice and pool grill was good. . TV's signal went down a lot. Wifi just okay.
While the MGM Grand is a huge hotel that has a lot to offer, they obviously lack a certain attention to detail. We had 4 rooms here for our friend's birthday for 3 nights and we all noticed the little things that MGM lacked that other hotels had.. . 1. There is 1 ice machine per floor. Seeing as there is 150+ rooms per floor, it was not surprising that the machine could not keep up. When we called down to the front desk to let them know, they initially argued that a tech would look into the issue. After some time, they finally agreed to send up a "complimentary" bucket of ice. Glad that staying in a suite, they could shell out for ice for us! The bucket arrived one hour later.. . 2. One of the worst sportsbook/cashier setups I have experienced. We bet on March Madness and when we tried to cash in our tickets after dinner, the sportsbook was closing so they said to check in with cashier. When we got there, they said we couldn't cash in our tickets until 1130. Seeing as how we were going to bet the tables we didn't mind at the time. When we came back at midnight, they said come back at 130. We came back then and they said come back at 330. Finally at 330 they admitted that their ONE machine to cash in sports bets was not working. Really ONE machine for a casino this big? Almost makes me wonder if they purposely try to discourage you from cashing in bets.. . 3. We got a suite so we would have a place to watch the March Madness games. Unfortunately the cable constantly cut out (at least 6 times during Kansas/Michigan game).. . 4. Shower drains at extremely slow rate so plan on standing in your dirty water throughout your shower.. . 5. When using the iron on the first night, it spewed brown water all over my shirt. Not sure if it was from previous starch or just old water but was nice to start the trip with a stained shirt.. . 6. There are no lights besides 4 lamps in the 2 bedroom suite. They had a weird spotlight in the corner that was more for show than anything but you really were walking around in the dark, well unless you opened your shades and wanted to get blinded by green lights on outside of hotel.. . 7.  The suite is pretty nice but lacks certain features that other hotels has. We were looking for the mini fridge to put some stuff in and found out that it's a $35 charger per night to have a fridge.. . 8. There advertising is deceiving. Yes, every casino now charges you resort fees without any choice, but it's annoying that they say you have free Wi-Fi when you are paying an extra $30/day in resort fees to cover that. And don't even think about using the business center unless you want to take out a loan.. . We've been coming to Vegas annually for past 10 years and stayed at a number of casinos including Treasure Island, Mirage, NY NY, and Aria. This was the first time we stayed at MGM Grand and while it's obvious they have done some upgrades, overall I wasn't impressed, especially for the price. Next year's trip we will be staying elsewhere.
For the most part this is a great hotel, but there are aspects I was not a fan of.. As with anything in Las Vegas, you are nickeled and dimed A LOT. An additional $25 per night if you want a mini fridge seems a tad ridiculous to me, as well as a $50 fee if you move the mini bar items around to make room for your own beverages or snacks? CRAZY. Also, $3 for a vending machine soda? Not happening. There was also a sign near the pool offering 2 complimentary inter tubes for the river pool, but in fact they are $16 an hour even to hotel guests. Requested a room with a view of the Strip, received a room with a view of the airport, the roof below, and a LOT of green hotel.. There was also not a discount to hotel guests for any shows happening inside the hotel. Yes it was free to get into the pool and the nightclub, but with the food and drink prices jacked up to what they were you are better off scoring free drink wristlets at a different hotel and paying a cover to get in. . Construction made getting around the hotel a pain at times. . A little far from the big events and happenings on the Strip. Towards the quieter end of the Strip. Super comfortable bed and great bathroom lighting, plus complimentary hair dryer. . Overall, a nice hotel, but I expected more for what I was paying.
Took us 40 minutes to check in on a Sunday night because they only had 3 people at the desk. I complained and at least they upgraded us to a Stay Well room which is pretty fancy. But the overall place lacks staff. They said they are working on it but I mean come on it's not like they just opened, they've been in business for over 20 years.... Hadn't stayed here before and I won't stay here again. And dont even get me started about that stupid $28 resort fee that you cant get away from.
My wife and I stayed here for a few days during a nursing conference. We won't be back. The rooms are as far away as possible from everything else, so we spent half of our time just walking from one part of the complex to another. The whole place is too loud, too crowded, and since we don't gamble, having to cross the casino to get to something as simple as the pool or the buffet was an exercise in frustration. The room was very cheaply done; there wasn't even coffee in the room. We could have gone half a block down the street and stayed at the Motel 6 and gotten better amenities. The TV signal dropped out about every 5 minutes, and in the bathroom, the only thing separating the shower from the toilet was a cheap, piece of plastic sheeting that is so loose it has worn a hole in the ceiling. The pool complex is only open until 6 PM. What is up with that? The conference went until 5 every day, so there was no opportunity to make the ungodly-long trek back to our room and change to swim, because by the time we did that the whole thing was closed. Everything about this hotel, conference center, and casino, screams "CHEAP!" Clearly, greed rules in this place, and the customer is nothing more than a money container to be sucked dry.
No safe in the room. No coffee maker in the room. Who wants to wake up in the morning with no coffee and deal with walking a mile to the starbucks downstairs who serves a weak version of their drip coffee? Oh, you can order a pitcher of coffee for $22. No thanks. To avoid this I had to go to Walgreens and buy a coffee maker. Ridiculous. Pool closed at 6pm. Totally disappointing. Hidden fees everywhere.
Visited the casino not the hotel. Fairly friendly staff, and a very slow valet, though not as slow as Paris.
Ok, so if you are reading this review and are under the age of 30, just skip my review all together.  This review is for mature adults who have children.  Yes, I understand that this is Vegas, but unbeknownst to some, there are LOTS of activities and shows to take kids to and the great pool weather is a plus.. . My husband and I booked the MGM to stay with our 13 and 9 year old on our family vacation (my husband and I are in our early 30's so it's not like we're too old to have a good time either).  I had read the reviews and only some mentioned families and those were mixed on whether or not to stay here with kids.  So here is what I have to say about staying at the MGM with kids.....DON'T DO IT!!!!  Stay somewhere else!  The pool area is absolutely NOT a place to have kids.  Drunk 20 something's everywhere, making out in the pool and lazy river.  It was the most uncomfortable situation I have ever put my kids in.  We immediately left the pool (now this was a Sunday late afternoon) and decided to try again first thing in the morning, cuz, you know, these drunk people should party all night and sleep in in the morning, right?  Wrong.  My family headed down to the pool around 9 the next morning and sure enough, the same situation, just not as many people.  We then decided to switch hotels to the Excalibur which we had stayed at last year with our kids and had a great experience.  Yes, you give up the nicer room (even with the upgraded rooms at the Excalibur, they don't compare to the MGM upgraded rooms) but we had a WAY better time and experience across the way.. . To review the room, it was very nice.  We had a high floor view room and it was a very beautiful room.  We loved the lighted mirror in the bathroom.  The beds though, have this box frame that the beds sit in, and the corners stuck out and all of us kept running into the box with our shins.  This was annoying, but the bed itself was very comfortable and slept great.  I would say also that the tv stand that was also the dresser was very small as there were only 3 small drawers.  If you are staying for a week this is a bit inconvenient because there was not enough room to unpack everything.  Also, the tv stations did keep cutting out, don't know why, but it was annoying also.. . The property is huge, taking at least 15 minutes to walk to the front to get to the strip or even the pool.  The food court was nice but still WAY more expensive than if you walk down to the next block and eat there.  Even their McDonald's was ridiculously overpriced; $8 for a 10 piece chicken nugget meal.. My husband and I visit Vegas (by ourselves) about 4 times a year and knowing what we know now, would probably not stay at the MGM again.  The atmosphere and the crowd is just not our thing.  We enjoy Treasure Island and the bars down that way.  The rooms are great there too.. . And, just one last comment:  I think it is sooooooo tacky that the MGM properties pay for people to write fake reveiws on ALL their properties on TripAdvisor.
Casino Only: First attempt, we waited forever to get to the valet then told that valet was full. They were so disorganized so we turned around and left. The next day we tried again. I had heard that they remodeled but as far as the gaming area went, it looked like they just replaced the carpet. MGM is big, too big I think because they seem thinly staffed, not a lot of drink girls and painfully slow valet. I understand there were some big conventions going on but the other hotels didn't seem to have a problem managing the crowds. The casino floor is also the most annoying the way that it's shaped, forget about trying to find people in there.
Lowering my rating based on recent trip -. So they still have an early check in fee.  The troubling resort fee is still there, despite the fact that the hotel has gone to Free Wi-Fi (that was the only substantive benefit of the $28/day resort fee).. Rates are high, so one expects that MGM should deliver on every aspect.  The mini-bar is so offensive (so 80's!) - when we checked in we asked for a mini-fridge to be brought up, but it took a day and a half to get there.. Safe broken - reported, never repaired.. Online folio review and express checkout broken the entire time (server error) - even the email they sent me to 'express checkout' was broken.  How cant this be?  Is their IT dept that inept?. And no change to the no microwave/coffee maker in room, commonplace in every hotel in every other city in the world.. Only one wastebasket for the whole room :) Wife was very annoyed.. . The renovated rooms are otherwise very nice, comfy beds, nicer pillows, and the 'blackout screen' much appreciated.  The HDTV is great and a full lineup of cable channels - so you dont have to miss 'Mad Men' while there.  Usually friendly staff, but the checkin clerk seemed grumpy this trip.. . Beautiful pools and lazy river - just remember to bring your own water bottle, since drinks/food are astronomical.. . Our favorite place to play VideoPoker and relax, the Centrifuge Bar - apparently Hakkasan objected to a place with 'reasonable prices' (drinks in Hakkasan/WetRepublic are in the $30+ range) and fun so close - the bartenders used to get up and dance every 1/2 hr or so - they were forced to stop and also mute their music.  Since Hakkasan (like Wet Republic) charges $200 just to get in, and if you want to sit down its another $1000+ for a table, they have enormous sway over policy (i hear they are netting something like $95M annually).  I hope youth come to their senses and boycott these ridiculously priced clubs.  . . Casino - table limits on craps were $25 and higher on the weekend.  Thats ridiculous. The way the game is played by knowledgeable players is that with the line bet you need at least a double-odds bet to get the overall house advantage to .8% - which means you have to lay down $75/hand just to play.  Few people can bankroll this, especially given the high-variance of the game.   The tables were very empty with full staffs standing around.  On rare occasion they had a $10 table open, it was packed, while 3-4 fully staffed tables sat vacant.  Boo.. . However, I still appreciate that 6/5 blackjack is still rare here, and Video Poker is 8/5 just about everywhere.  I also noticed that some of the $25 BJ tables are S17 (dealer stands on soft 17) - a player advantage along with surrender, so this is a very good place for blackjack.
MGM Grand review 6.6.13. . Intro: Check-in went pretty smooth and no issues. Hotel layout is very strange though and there is a very long walk from one thing to the other. it could have been designed better. . . Room detail (negative): The room itself looked very nice and had a nice feel to it. However, the rooms lack a mini fridge and microwave to reheat stuff and also there is no coffee pot in the room as well. WARNING: DO NOT USE THE 'MINI FRIDGE' AS A FRIDGE! IF YOU TAKE THE STUFF OUT TO PUT YOUR OWN IN THEY WILL CHARGE YOU FOR USING IT. They did give us a notice that we . can ask housekeeping for one for 35 bucks, however they did not tell you a notice before we got into the fridge! Also the plug for the laptop on the lamp is broken and the plug slides in and the laptop does not indicate being on AC power.The bathroom faucet was very loud and my sis's ears were ringing.  . . . Room detail (positive):The wifi did connect right away and there is no login needed. They also recently upgraded the network as well. The shades aree neat you can have a sheer to let a lil light in or blackout to let you sleep in longer. Fixture quality is decent. TV and entertainment center is really nice and you can plug in game consoles or a laptop with HDMI. Shower looks nice and has curving shower curtain rod. Toilet is in a nook for a lil privacy. I slept really good in the room and the beds are decent. Pollows were good too. . . . Overall I am going to give the MGM Grand a 2.2 star rating. The rooms are nice and the location is perfect and the wifi was great, however the negatives listed above take the rating down from 4.5 stars to 2.2 stars. . . Other stuff:. . The pool was very nice and relaxing, it had a lot of different types of pools and they even played my kind of music (dance/trance/electro) and the vibe was nice. The casino floor was nice as well. Most of all the show KA was AMAZING!. . Recommended: Mabye to no.
I stayed 3 nights on business and chose this hotel because it was a good rate and was really close to my conference.  Might not come back again.  . My stay began with a 50minute wait in line to check in after a very long and exhausting flight.  Then I was placed in a room on the first floor.  The Grand is enormous so I spent about 20 mins searching for the weird little corridor to the rooms.  The corridor was shabby, low drop ceiling.  It felt like I was being stored in the basement.  . Then I enjoyed excruciatingly long waits for everything for the next several days.  The line for Starbucks in the morning was up to 40 minutes.  A call I placed to the front desk had me on hold for 25 min before the system hung up on me.  Then another 20 minutes on hold before I finally got an answer.  The taxi line on two occasions took more than 20 minutes...Eeesh, so much time wasted waiting in line.  I fell drained and can't wait to go home.. The Internet and cable was out for the entire day on my final day so I was not able to work or watch tv.. The lobby level is insanely crowded as all hotel traffic of any kind is routed through the vast casino.  It takes forever fighting through crowds of people to get anywhere. . My room was very dark,  very little lighting making it really difficult to find personal items or pack.  I probably left something behind because it was like packing in the middle of a blackout with a flashlight.. The positives were that my room was not fancy but not bad,  and was very clean.  Once I did finally get to the head of the long lines the staff were very professional and helpful.  Overall I would not recommend for business as it is a logistical chore in many ways.
We were on the 19th floor and we still could hear the traffic below and ambulance sirens going down Tropicana Blvd. The walls and windows are extremely thin. We could hear everything our neighbors did and said. The mattresses were very firm and the piloows were goose down rocks. The decor was lovely, though. No shower cap. Very, very long walk from the elevators to our room. They really need to install a few more elevators because that walk from room 200 to room 335 was ridiculous. They need more shade by the pools, otherwise you will burn like hell in 117+ degree weather, which is what it was this past weekend. The buffet was $40 for lunch and dinner, $30 for breakfast and brunch, and it wasnt the best, but it wasnt horrible. Crab legs were water logged. Good dessert bar though. But what really makes me never want to return was the $28/night resort fee they charge you upon check out.  Add that to the room tax of $15.25, and there is an additional $43/night on top of your room fee. Oh, and you couldnt use the in-room fridge without paying and using a combination to unlock it.  And the TV kept losing reception, along with the internet, which made that resort fee even more absurd. Definitely wont be back.  Trump Towers, Vdara, and Wynn are much better for the money.
So disappointed this trip. We stayed in a grand kin g room. Never again! It's so tiny and so hot in the room and you cant adjust the thermostat below 65. seriously MGM? We're in the middle of the desert and you lock the lowest possible temp at 65?  I called front desk several times about it as it affects breathing and they sent me a service man at 1:00 in the morning. Really? You said right away at 9:00 and he shows up banging on my door atv v1:00 am only to tell me the thermostat cant go below 65.  I'm so undecided if I would go back here or not.  First time I stayed here we got an executive suite and were treated like royalty. I feel we were completely ignored this time around because we didn't book a suite. Very disheartening.
This place was in the middle of renovations when I stayed in Vegas.  They charged my debit card a hundred dollars and my credit $300, instead of figuring a way to get that on my bosses card, as I was on a business trip.  The place was confusing and advertised restaurants were no longer in operation.  I liked my room fine and the little bar under the non smoking tower, but I found the service overall to be lackluster and nothing special.
I've travel to las vegas on a number of occasions over the past several years. Ive stayed in the Aria, Cosmopolitian,  Bellagio,  etc. but go back to the MGM because a couple of our fav restaurants are located there and are offered some good room deals. On our long weekend last month, we again stayed at the MGM and were mighty disappointed with the hotel and casino. The entire property seemed dirty, less cared for. The only casino restaurant open for breakfast was the buffet.  We are not buffet peeps but decided to give it a go. So disappointing ...and confirmed my position that well never do the buffet thing again. We are done with the MGM.
I'm happy that we only stayed here for one night (only because we were partying at Hakkasan) because our stay at MGM was disappointing... and we only stayed there for less than 12 hours before checking out and checking in early to our next hotel.. . The check-in process was time consuming.  Even though we got in at 11:30 PM, there was still a long line that went past the ropes and it took us about 45 minutes to go through the line.  We had a pleasant check-in experience with the front desk concierge, who kindly upgraded us to a bigger room for no extra charge.. . The hotel itself tries to do aroma marketing, but it's way too strong.  The smell reminds me of a mix of Chanel No. 5 and vanilla.  Our room was located at the North Tower, and there were no actual signs on the boards that lead us to the tower.  We had to ask two associates before receiving the correct directions.. . Our room was a little small for Vegas standards and the bathrooms were even smaller (with only one sink for 2 queen beds!).  The mirror was the best thing about the bathroom because it had great lighting. (A plus for the ladies!)  Another plus about our hotel room was that the scent of the aroma marketing wasn't used there.  On the other hand, there was a variety of different dining options located throughout the hotel that were available.
I stayed at the MGM a while back and I have to honestly say, its probably the most boring, bland hotel I have ever stayed at in Vegas. Starting off with the hotel itself, it offers a decent environment as far as decorations and overall ambiance goes. It almost looks like a cheap mall that was remade into a hotel lobby and casino. Next is the room. Once again, one of the most bland and boring rooms I have had the pleasure staying at. Not a real WOW factor as fas as the experience goes. Very normal, dry and simple. Not to mention that I had an AMAZING view of the airport, yuck. I spent more time at other hotels than I did at my very own. MGM needs to spice things up a little bit, just to lighten up the scene. . .    I recommend staying here if your looking for a not so Vegas hotel as far as movement and excitement goes. Other than that, i'd look elsewhere. Also, kiddos might enjoy it a little more with the Lion den and Rainforest cafe being in there.
Crazy check in line.  They need to figure out something about that...and also they need to have a check in line and a check out line.  Their beds and beddings need to catch up to other hotels.  It wasn't soft or comfy at all.  Feather pillows aren't good if they're not top notch. All there rooms are too far down the hallways.   They need rooms to be closer to the center of the casino.  Our rooms were fine, but some of our friends was allllll the way down and takes like 5-10 minutes to walk too.  The bathroom was small and old.
I honestly could not wait to get out of this place. . . It's huge.  You have to walk about 2 miles to get to the convention center. . (not that I mind walking but it is irritating).. . My favorite thing about this place is that there's a Starbucks in it, and that's about it.. . Most of the restaurants in the hotel are overpriced and not very good.  The Wolfgang Puck place was just OK and the pub they have is also just OK.  The breakfast buffet is a joke.  Don't bother.  . . It is also SO CROWDED which makes it even harder to get around.. . Checking in takes a good hour, so be prepared for that.  . . If you like singing Sloop John B, this is def. a place that will inspire you to sing this song.
Good visit to Vegas recently. Disappointed with MGM. Service is not good anywhere we went at MGM. Over priced for the quality. We cruised most of theother hotels and casinos on the strip and MGM won't get my business next time. Not that they were bad, but, their competitors were certainly better.
Luxurious strip-view room at the MGM Grand: Awesome. . Flamin' Hot Cheetos: Great. . . Luxurious strip-view room + Flamin' Hot Cheetos on the floor when you check in that are not yours: Not so great. . . Moral: Two greats do not always equal double great, and in this case, really soured our stay. . . When we checked into the room we found trash (and Cheetos) on the floor, hair on the ground in the bathroom, stained towels, and a TV that didn't work. It's really a shame that one careless housekeeper can make such a bad impression on you for the whole stay, but that's how it goes. . . I really love MGM resorts, and I really wanted to like the MGM Grand, but this stay really made it hard for me. If I wanted to use a bathroom with someone else's nasty hair all over the floor, I'd have gone to a gas station, thanks. . . At the desk they offered a "freshen up" from housekeeping, but I didn't find this ideal given that we had already settled in the room. The TV which I called about immediately after arrival was never fixed during our 3 day stay. They waived the resort fee for this... appreciated... but too little too late. . . I hate to give a place I wanted to like so much a bad review, and would love to give them a second chance so that I can update this... but with so many awesome places to stay in this town, I doubt that will be happening for a while. Womp Womp.. . I'll just end on a good note so as to not be a Debbie Downer: Great pool... and they let you bring drinks in.  :)
Don't get the Petite King room. The size of the room is really petite and even more crowded with furniture. Even for 2, we felt really cramped. The shower is not clean, the toilet and shower is separated by a misty glass wall that doesn't completely reach the ceiling (no true privacy and you can see the shadow of the person using the can), the air conditioner is the portable type (how ghetto), and there is no ample space to put your toiletries down next to the sink. It seems like these rooms were designed to cram in as many people per sq feet. For $200/night this room is not recommended. I think a fairer price point is $80/night. But it's Vegas, who am I kidding! I think the room is a 3 star room but due to the price minus 1 star. Tip: Look for deals!!!
Make SURE they don't put you in the South Tower unless you want a trash can for a view. You also feel like you are underground. Not my idea of Vegas! This is a maintenance tower w a strange & shady entrance. You can even take the elevator to the basement where service stuff was. It was my first impression of MGM and it wasn't good. However, their customer service gets an A+. They were very accommodating and moved us to the Grand Tower where the entrance is beautiful and we have a decent view now. Still not the best view and not the greatest hotel. The bath tub is super shallow. I think I prefer the Mandalay Bay.
This is a review about the general atmosphere of the casino level, not the rooms. I have never stayed here, but always come here for the shows and restaurants. It is my impression that the patrons of the casino have gotten very casual, young and rowdy. It's a weekend evening, and everyone is hanging out in their T-shirts, shorts and tennis shoes, holding a beer. I can count with one hand the people wearing a dress-shirt, pants or a jackets. It felt very "Spring-Break", and this is after Labor Day. Summer is over. My wife and I were having a nice dinner at Tom Colicchio Craftsteak. Beautiful establishment and fine food. And there was a table with ten young adults in front of us loud, breaking glassware, falling asleep and getting each separate checks. The table next to us was being really rude and verbal with the waitstaff. Yep, that is the crowd at the MGM. If you are looking for a classy casino to hang out, keep walking. Half of other casino on the Strip will show more sophistication!
This place is huge, we definitely got exercise walking around. . . The room was adequate, not the best in Vegas but not the worst. . . Paranoid complaint, I need to just start calling down and have them remove the shit. They have a little pad next to the TV with crap on it, like a $30 USB cord, that if the stuff gets moved you get charged for it plus a $50 restocking fee. I saw these when I stayed at the Bellagio as well. I have never had anything happen, but I would hate to bump the stand in the middle of the night and get charged more than the cost of the room for crap I would never buy. . . The entire hotel has a smell about it, it is a sickeningly sweet vanilla fragrance that hangs in the air everywhere. I would almost prefer the smell of smoke over that. . . The room had a noisy air conditioner that sounded like the compressor was a diesel engine about to stall out. . . Constantly while we were trying to get around they had staircases closed for cleaning and aromafying. . . Worse, I was there for a convention, which provided meals. These were awful. There was nothing good to say about the food there. I cannot say if they were trying to get people to eat at their restaurants instead, but wow it was bad. When we did eat on our own, it was not at MGM Grand restaurants. . . Starting with Day 1 lunch, some soggy sandwiches, I took  "thanksgiving" which is the new popular turkey with stuffing and cranberry. Not really good by any measure. Seemed like they had been sitting for a long time. . . Day 1 dinner - Black tie - So they come around and sit down trays on the tables, WTF family style black tie event, that is a first. So we are sitting at 10 tops and the platters have 2 tiny pieces of beef and 3 pieces of chicken, the table gets 2 platters. Plus a small bowl of mashed potatoes that I could eat myself. When we asked for more the server gave us grief, but eventually provided more meat and potatoes. . . Day 2 breakfast - convention eggs, you know the scrambled egg mix with no taste, bacon, sausage, and a peach pancake casserole. . . Day 2 lunch - more sammiches... didn't eat any.. . Day 2 dinner - buffet style taquitos, carved roast beef and turkey & stuffing, This was the best meal of the trip. . Day 3 breakfast - soggy croissant breakfast sandwiches with a little bit of scrambled egg and a little piece of bacon or a chibatta with a little egg and sausage. . . Everything was pretty bland and tasted old.
Nice rooms and a good selection of restaurants. But checkin takes forever. They need a better system. :o(
If you're under the age of 40, like me, you might not find this hotel as enjoyable and trendy as the the other options vegas has to offer. First of all, they pump old lady perfume through the vents as you enter. I had to suppress my gag reflex every time I walked into the lobby.  The walk to our tiny room felt like forever. The hotel's so large, I thought the hallways would never end. The biggest letdown was the bathroom. It's not closed off, so anyone you stay with can hear (or smell) whatever you're doing in there. So when my bf started feeling the effects of the buffet he went nuts on the day before, I had to leave the room. . . Bottom line? I'd pay the extra money to stay in a swankier place with bigger rooms. If there's one thing you do right, it's Vegas.
I gave this hotel 2 stars but I'm not sure why. The room has a nice blind. That's probably what rises it from the one star i really think this place should get. I'm not a real fan of vegas, but I've stayed at places far nicer than this. For most meals i went across the street to New York because all there is here are either hugely overpriced places or macdonalds and nothing in between. Nothing at all if you like to, ahem, eat healthy food which doesn't seem like most people in vegas want to do I suppose.  Lousy music follows you everywhere. The cardio room was HOT - must have been 85-90 degrees in there - not good - equipment was OK but they could use a few more ellipticals. If you're into treadmill you're in luck, but only if you like to do your cardio in a sauna.  The room itself was small, noisy (bring your earplugs), housekeeping did not pay attention to do not disturb (wellness check? Have you thought of using the phone?), no fridge - just a mini bar that they have no problem telling you they will CHARGE you if you put your own stuff in there. No Coffee machine - that just makes me grumpy in the morning. Lines at check in were long, long, long, Why do people put up with this? I don't know, maybe it's just Vegas, but this place seems even worse than most. Not recommended.
Rooms are clean, updated and a decent size for the price. MGM was a nice place to stay but it seemed as though everywhere we wanted to go we needed a taxi and not a walkable distance especially in the rain. . . This was my first time in Vegas and I thought everything would be more gaudy and fabulous. Like I said, MGM is nice but next time I would like to be right in the middle of the strip.. . My one complaint is Sunday morning around 7:00AM, the hotel service knocked on our door to make sure we would be out before checkout. We were all well aware of what time checkout was and waking you up at that time on a Sunday in Vegas is a killer! Highly disappointed.
Wow this place is humongous.  It's iconic.  You really can't miss the large green hotel and the large MGM Lion.  The location is on the corner with 3 other large and iconic casinos as well: Tropicana, Excalibur and NY NY.  And I don't like it.  It's sterile.  Big is not always better.  You have to walk miles just to get around here, and that's just inside.  A nice shopping complex is here, but doesn't compare to the Caesars Forum and the Venetian Grand Canal Shoppes.  Your hotel room, all towers are a million miles from the casino.  It's a shorter walk to California than it is to your room.  The large lobby is impersonal and crowded always moving slowly.  The car valet is among the slowest in Vegas.  The casino rewards programs, linked to many great Vegas casinos doesn't seem to reward you.  It's just like their slot machines; they think your money.  The only nice walking distance casino is NY NY, so even if it seems there is a lot to do, there really isn't.  Stay mid strip where there is more action and more choices of gambling and activities.
Arrival- 2 people working to check people in. Line of 40-50 people waiting to check in. Thankfully 3 more people came over after 15 minutes to assist. Only took 45 minutes to check in. . . Room- okay. They put on the  review that the room has a TV in the bathroom mirror. Horrible picture, barely works. Went to turn on the TV in the room; no reception. Call in to maintiance, said the guy would be up soon. They call in 25 minutes, say they will be up in 15. Call again in 15, ask if they still need to come tonight since it's late. Arrive about 15 minutes later, fixed in 2 minutes.. . Go to use the bathroom and upon trying to flush- nothing happens. It's past midnight now. I'm calling in the morning. After waking up, I call. They send someone up. We leave to go see some sights and are gone most of the day. Upon returning, the toilet works, But, every five minutes it's refilling with water. Recall maintiance, they come to fix it. Boom, guy comes in 5 minutes, fixed. 10 minutes later, same problem. Recall maintiance, person on the phone pretty much asks if I'm lying. They come back out- oh, still a problem. This time he really fixes it.. . Next morning, wake up to whole room smelling like smoke. Vent is shooting in smoke smelling air. Ugh, this was why our weekend in Vegas sucked. Thanks MGM!!!. . The only reason for two stars: good restaurants and quick service.
To MGM's credit, they have been doing a lot of work keeping their rooms and guest areas up to date. I've stayed here three times over the past two years or so and things are always changing and getting updated.. . So why did I downgrade MGM to two stars? Awful customer service! I left some clothes in the dresser and called customer service about getting them back. I was on hold for over twenty minutes only to be transferred to lost and found (I couldn't find a number for lost and found on their website). After waiting again for someone from lost and found to help me, I was told to go online and fill out a form and they would get back to me with a shipping quote. A quote! Wtf!? I left stuff at Ballys a long time ago and they sent it to me for FREE! Well, the quote was $16.95 which I thought was pretty outrageous for a sweater and a t shirt, but I paid it because I love that sweater. I'm just really annoyed because in addition to my clothes, my players club card was in the pocket and they could easily have seen how much money I've given to them over the years!! Bye bye MGM, I'll be staying down the street at the Wynn from now on.
