Went for a private party, where the main dance floor/club were open.  Great atmosphere, music, drinks.  After the party ended, we were shuffled to the balcony overlooking the strip.  Very cool, until you realized you couldn't sit anywhere unless you paid.  No chairs, no benches, nothing.  I briefly sat on a heater to just rest a minute and was promptly asked by a bouncer to move. Sorry, I'm not interested in dropping lots of money just to sit down for a minute.
Over-rated and Over-priced! If you are looking to go to a club where all the celebrities party this is good place, but have fun trying to get in (especially if you're a guy, be prepared to pay some serious $$ to get in) and then once you are in be prepared to fight trying to walk 10 feet through a bunch of people because it is so insanely crowded! Drinks are super expensive here as well! My friends and I were able to have breathing room outside but it was all techno music which was ok but not my favorite! The best part about it was we didn't pay any covers to get in, I am not sure if they charge covers to everyone now since I have not been back in a while and not sure if I will go back!
Pure is very nicely decorated inside, and they have a HUGE dance floor! But what is up with this place surrounded with creepers by the moment you walk in? I had a group of girls with me, and they were getting attacked like a piece of meat. They were annoyed, and I had to tell one of the guys to back off. Anyways it's an old club now, and this is a 2nd Tier club for me in Vegas.
Definitely not one of my favorite clubs in Vegas. . . The decor is acceptable, but not fantastic. The bouncers weren't the nicest in the world, and cover can be outrageous, even for hot girls. Last time I went, the DJ was alright; but there definitely could have been better music. Overall, it was very crowded, and not the best experience ever. . . The bar service was also pretty slow. There weren't even that many people at the bar (most were crowding the dance floor) but the bartenders weren't paying much attention to the guests at the club that night. . . I would recommend trying another club first!
I will not say I am a big fan of this place just because they make all the people who are actually on the VIP guest list wait in line for hours while all the general admission people kept getting in.  I can understand the logic behind that since guest list people are free before midnight but it was just too ridiculous to not move the line at all.  Finally at 12:02am they started letting the guest list people in but by that time only girls were allowed in free with no cover charge.. . The place is really not that big but it did have a roof top level which plays house music, the first floor was so packed that it took us about 15 minutes just to get from the front entrance to the bathroom and back to the bar area.  . . Now that I have been to Pure I can say that I am not looking forward to this club again.
I had high expectations coming to pure. Considering it's located at the great caesers palace.  Although it's an older nightclub. It is very much still popular. So why not check it out. I had a friend of mine put us on the guest list which was no problem. Guest list closed roughly about 12am. Not bad. So Me and my group show up around 11:15 or so. First thing I noticed was the wild zoo of a crowd standing outside to get in. Somehow I knew this was going to be a long night. I couldn't understand why there was no standard line. You had general admission, bottle service, and guest list line all in one cattle of a heard outside the venue. Why its this way is beyond me. Anyway I managed to weasel my way thru the unsung crowd of people with my party of three. The bouncers at the front were actually pretty nice. They checked my name on their which was once a clipboard with paper now an iPad. And let us in with five minutes to spare on the guest list. I was so close to greasing these guys. I wasn't about to let me and my group pay cover. Upon entering we hit the bar. I order two margaritas, two la waters, and two cranberry vodkas. A hefty 90$. With tip of course. No biggie. It was pretty crowded this being Friday night. The decor is nice but very mediocre. Venue is also kinda small. But the outside was pretty neat. With a nice view of the strip. Music was so so. An ok mix of hip hop,top 40 and electro. The crowd here was really boring. I'd say there was five guys per girl which is unacceptable. Especially in a Vegas nightclub. Most of the good-looking people all had booths with bottle service. No joke. And I'd say more than half the people here were well over 40. Kinda depressing. Me and my group ended up leaving before 2am. It was that boring there. This place really needs to step up their game. There are way to many other clubs to check out before this one. I probably won't be coming here unless I'm getting bottle service or something. So hey at least I was able to get my and my group in free. Which is always a good thing.
i hate this place. but i always seem to end up here every trip, so they must be doing something right.
Uhh... came here on a Thursday night and what an awkward Thursday night it was.. . At least our group of about 9 guys all got in free, somehow? Promoter probably put us on guestlist but I don't really remember.. . Let me say, this was my first night in Vegas EVER and first club in Vegas EVER, and it was a sad experience.. . The club itself was just full of a "dead vibe" where you feel like nobody was excited to be out. The only area of the club that was open was the outdoor patio upstairs. So you would have to try and venture through the crowd of older people, composing of cougars and manthers to find some socialization. Only one bar open which was extremely overwhelmed as you can figure.... really disappointed and haven't returned since!
This is the place. If you're Paris Hilton circa 2004.. . That would make you think I would like this venue. Nah.
Pure, purely sucks.  The drinks were overpriced and half of the club was roped off and outside was closed as well.
Not that impressed. Like others have said, there is a huge difference in the crowd for different days. The place is definitely packed, which makes it very difficult to get a drink. I counted about 20-25 minutes, one one of the nights, to get a bottle of water. They definitely need more help manning the bar.. . The location is very nice, atop the roof on one of the lower Caesar's palace decks. Inside is "whitely" decorated with plush lounge seats.. . For a Vegas club, I'm just not impressed. It's just another club with loud thumping music, plenty of girls, and over-long lines at the bar.
Huh.. . Not impressed.. . Place was not that busy the night we went, but there were sure a lot of bouncer-y looking guys standing around with their earpieces.  . . Place is over the top, as are many things in Vegas.   Was nice that top floor was open (outside).. . Overall?. .                      *** not worth the cover... ***
I hadn't been to Pure in so many years but then I went a few weeks ago.  It's still huge and a nicely decorated club with 3 rooms plus an outdoor patio that loverlooks the strip.  I really liked the music inside the white room because it was hip hop.  Out on the patio was mostly House.  Our bottle service waitress was really unattentive.
The club itself is very nice. Lovely decor and great rooftop bar area. For me though its all about the music which this place didn't have. If you like Lady Gaga this place is for you. Personally I thought the music was awful.. . Also don't forget to bring some lube wiv you as you will get bent over when buying drinks. I paid $60 for 4 tiny drinks. My advice would be get slaughtered before going here and save yourself coin.. . There are better clubs on the Strip..
Was not impressed. It was crowded with ugly people, got in after an hour wait because everyone is "on the list". Can't believe people pay $40 to walk in. I understand that these places are expensive, but really $10 for a bottle of heineken? The crowd was NOT good looking, good looking people were few and far in between...which is odd since walking the strip you see tons of great looking people... they are not picky on who they let in...there were some dirty old guy downstairs at a VIP table with his hand literally up some chicks skirt and he kept looking around like saying "hey look at me I can afford a hooker and VIP table...someone get me my medemucil!" it was funny, yet gross. I have been to so many better clubs/bars in L.A.. not going back to this one.
The club was nice, they had a red carpet walkway, kinda gave you that superstar feel and it was easy to get a drink at the bar so no complaints there! I like how the club had a rooftop dance floor. You're able to see the pretty lights on the strip.The club was pretty crackin', because Chris Brown was performing that night! I wouldn't mind coming here again i had a good time vibing to the old school mainstream. I have to add that the water was $9.00 for a bottle so that was a minus on my end! Wtf water for 9.00 really!?!!
When whoever writes Ke$ha's songs wrote the lyrics for Take It Off ("There's a place down town where the freaks all come around"), I'm sure they were writing about Pure.  . . After waiting in line for almost two hours, my friends and I got into Pure for free using those little VIP passes they hand out around the casino.  The place was so packed we could barely move.  Upon entering, we spotted this doped up cougar lady in a skimpy top and tight pants dancing alone.  We thought she was pretty gross but kind of entertaining.  A while later we saw her again.  Only this time, her boobs were hanging out of her top and some man was licking her nipples.  Looks like Pure really lives up to its name!
It's probably best I declare something before I carry on typing... I'm not a great fan of clubs. Whether on holiday, or at home - I've never had  "the best night of my life" at a place like Pure.. . All signs looked like it'd be a good night - friends had been to Pure, and loved it, we'd read good reviews, and we'd already had our names on the guest list thanks to a girl who worked at one of Caesar's Palaces' bars. . . But from the moment we got there, we knew we weren't going to have a great night. . . Generic, dance music played in every room we walked through. Gloomy looking bar staff giving lousy service. Letchy boys and stroppy girls. . . The views of the strip from the roof top were a high light, and the people we spoke to made the night but definitely not the best night in Vegas. . . Something we learnt that night - don't try too hard to have a good time in Vegas, the good times will find you when you least expect them.
Got a table and that gangster'd up the eve, but overall just meh. The terrace was the only thing open the night we went, and no one was dancing on the dance floor. What? Why? Dunno. This was fine, we partied at our table, but when we tried to invite some others in to help finish our bottle (uhhh it was 5 of us, all small girls - a bottle is a lot for us to finish, don't judge) the bouncers tried to tell us we weren't aloud. Um no, we paid a ridiculous amount for this table and if we want to invite people in, we damn well better be able to. . . We had an awesome time because we will pretty much have an awesome time where ever we go, but again, bouncers are d-bags. If we hadn't have had a table we'd have been in and out and ready to move on with our eve!
I wanted to enjoy pure but it was disappointing from the beginning. We waited for over an hour to get in even though my group had 6 females and 3 guys. They complained of the ratio EVEN though they kept marching in hordes of guys. Inside the club I would see at least 5 guys for every girl that walked by. The floor was sticky and the bartenders and staff were slow and unfriendly. The only good things about Pure was the roof lounge and the fact I made $50 in cash from some "high roller" in the VIP making it "rain" dollar bills throughout the night. I would never pay to get into this club but at least I made $50.
Came here a Thursday night with my friends. Not popping at all. It was dead! Only the rooftop was open and the main area was closed down. . . However, we did get in for free. If we would've paid, I'd be so sad. Instead I spent that money gambling, which I eventually lost...
I honestly believe that clubs are only fun and enjoyable if YOU make it that way. With that being said, Pure sucks, but my girlfriends and I managed to make it fun and enjoyable for us.. . We knew one of the promoters, so we got in for free. I think that's the ONLY good thing about that night. Sad, I know.. . Let's list out some of the reasons why Pure was a huge disappointment.. . 1. The bouncers are beyond rude (more than usual). . 2. I don't get it, why did we have to wait in line when we were on the guestlist? Someone please enlighten me.. 3. There was no room to even breathe on the first floor, let alone dance -_-. 4. The crowd is a lot older than I had anticipated.. 5. Pure attracts MORE creepers than other clubs I've been to. I seriously felt like I was being raped by this one perv on the dance floor.. . Pure, it was nice knowing ya, but let's just end it here. Don't want to come back to you ever again.
Don't go on a Thursday night! . . They only open up the rooftop portion of the club and unless you are doing bottle service you'll be corralled into the center of the patio at least 15 ft away from the railing where all the good Vegas and people watching views are.  I was very disappointed with this club. I thought this was Vegas. Nightlife is suppose to be their thing. I've been to better clubs (even on a Thursday night) in Austin. The XS nightclub on a Friday night is ten times better. Don't even waste your time on Pure unless you can get in free on a Saturday night.
Luckily we got in here for free otherwise I'd be reaaally disappointed. . . The staff is super nice and friendly but the music is... horrendous. Granted, we only went for the last hour but, from my experience, the last hour is usually the best. I was expecting Top 40/Hip Hop and it was all House music. I like basshunter, Benni Benasi and all that, but this was all beat, no lyrics. It got old after about ten minutes. So sad.
Pure was no fun whatsoever on a Friday night in December.  The only saving grace was the Pussycat Doll Lounge, but even that was overcrowded and hard to see.. . So unlike what I was able to do in the club, let me back my thang up and start from the beginning.  Pure has a nice enough decor.  There are a few interlocked rooms for dancing with a couple different kinds of music bumping (house, hip-hop, and radio pop).  The night my friends and I were there, some wrassler had just won a fight and was there with his entourage.. . I didn't go to see him; I just wanted to get my groove thing going.  However, the place was simply overcrowded.  I literally had trouble walking at all, and the floor was sticky with people's spilled drinks.  The amount of cougars and gross ODBs was disgusting, and both were rude dancefloor hogs.  . . My friends and I finally found a tiny space to dance.  The DJ played like half of a chorus to any song you love and would change it mid-chorus.  It was the most frustrating thing in the world.  Half of the fun of dancing to music is getting into the songs, right?  I will not be going back there anytime soon.
This place is whatever.. Musics whatever, Crowd sucks.. It would probably be a nice club if it were in San Jose, but its Vegas, so I expect better. Its a decent set up with one decent size room,  with wayyyyy too many people on the dance floor, buncha dick head bouncers, and seems to attract all the riff raff in Vegas. If I want thug, Ill stay home. Luckily, I didnt have to pay to get in or Id have something bad to say :-)
What happened, Pure? . . On my second trip back here, my group of friends and I bottle service on the roof. Mind you, this is not cheap and I was appalled at the treatment we got. Our host was pretty nice and so was our waitress, but our bouncer was pretty shady, telling one of my friends that we didn't tip and were "ripping" him off. Eventually my friend paid, but had I known what was going down I would have stopped it with a quickness. . . The roof is awesome and the music is pretty good, but honestly, I'll think twice about bringing my business here again, and you should too.
Eh, always okay nothing to write home about. They never have good DJs in general, but the place is nice overall. Good service in general.
Land of the $20 bottle of Heineken. Yep, you read that right: TWENTY DOLLARS. If I didn't need to drink that crappy beer to muster the mental stamina to keep myself composed amongst all of the crappy music and creepy men, I wouldn't have paid that. I've decided that this is where I am going to spend a lot of time if/when I finally completely give up on having any faith in humanity and human decency.
I'm sorry but I've been here twice and hated it both times.. . No offense but the crowd is definitely older and the music is only so-so.  No wonder the promoters were practicallybegging us to come here!  The bars are packed like most Vegas club bars but the wait time is even worse.  Not much else to say but I will definitely not be returning here ever again.
**2nd stop of the Nite Tours event, so front of the line entry and no cover.. . 34 minutes.  That's roughly about how long we were at PURE before calling it a night.  How disappointing!  Of the three clubs on the Nite Tours schedule, PURE was the one I was looking forward to the most - partly because I had heard decent things about it, but also because it was the only one I was familiar with..   . On the plus side, the lower level looked pretty nice (even though it was closed), with the white color scheme working well with the "pure" concept.  Although our path up to the outdoor terrace area seemed a little long (the only part of the club open that night), the view of the lit up buildings across the street was pretty cool.  On the flip side though,  the club wasn't that lively.  Granted, when we were there had something to do with it (arrived around 1:30 on Sunday night/Monday morning), but The Bank at Bellagio was still going strong when we left there.  Most of the people were pretty much just standing around, though there were some by the DJ that were dancing.  Didn't really help how the music came to a screeching halt twice though.. . Glad I got to check them out, and I can see it being a pretty good spot to party at (assuming it was a livelier night), but our time there was rather forgettable...and short.
Way way way too crowded. Had fun for the length of about three songs until it got fire-hazard packed and you could not move a muscle. Not to mention that in order to get to the restrooms you need to squeeze your way right through the dance floor.  The line system is completely bonkers but at least we didn't pay a cover for the guys or the girls. Music was also sub-par and the DJ on the night we went was a mess.
Ehhhh didn't stay here very long. We arrived on a Sat at 11pm and waited about 25 min in the guestlist line. We all got in for free with no problem. The actually liked how the club looked. All white with purple lighting. . . We headed straight to the bar since they had open bar for girls until 12. The bars were slammed! The open bar only included vodka-cran and vodka-sprite. I really wanted a vodka soda since I don't like sweet mixers. They serve the free drinks in a really big cup so it tastes really weak. We went back to the bar around 11;50 to get one more round and wait and waited. It was 11:57 and I was about to order and the bartender said open bar is closed. Uhhh wtf. She was such a b*tch! I also saw her snap on a customer. Like damn I know it's busy and you have to deal with drunk people all night, but shit! Show atleast a little customer service. That's what being a bartender is all about. You gotta be able to handle yourself.. . They main room played mostly top 40 and hip hop. The upstairs played EDM, but was way too packed. While we were leaving we saw another room with less people that played rap. The best part of Pure was being in the rap music room and watching the funny random stuff they had on the tvs. . . I would pass on Pure. It was way too packed and the guys there were ignorant douchebags.
I love the upper patio area of this club. It was ladies drink free when I was there and we got in free as well. Fun. The line for the bars was so long even if you were buying a drink you sobered up standing in line. Dance floor was just as packed as the first time we went there, lots of guys. LOTS of guys. When I was let into the club, I had a nikon around my neck  one of the guys said "have fun taking pictures". Halfway through the night we come to find out another guy had taken the camera away from my friend and asked who he worked for because he was just snapping random meaningless pictures. He made him check the camera for $5. OK... I asked one of the bouncers what happened and he said professional cameras weren't allowed in, I said that's funny  because I wore it around my neck in and the guys told me to have fun taking pictures. Oh well.
Pure was on our agenda the second night in Vegas. We had gotten in touch with a Promoter earlier in the day, placed on the guest list, open bar til midnight for us ladies, and we were set for later that evening. . . We arrived at Caesars "fashionably late," late in the sense that we probably should have gotten there about an hour earlier not at 11PM. But, hey we figured shouldn't be to much of a wait, WRONG. There line system well it fails, I think they skipped the elementary instructions of line creation, I don't even think I could count how many different lines I saw and at one point what looked like a line was pretty much like people being herded as cattle bunched up and getting impatient, bad situation my friends. . . I make fun of the herded cattle, but MOO, haha. Apparently that bunched of group "line" was the guest list entry. I'd say the figuring out lines situation and the herding moment it took us about an hour to get into Pure, low and behold midnight no more open bar, womp womp.. . Upon entry it doesn't look to crowded as your walking down hallways, then there is a people explosion. Downstairs, and my opinion is solely based on downstairs because the whole upstairs was closed off this night. There are three sections: main room in the middle, and two smaller sections one on the left and one to the right. The decor of the club is pretty plain, guess I expected a little more ambiance. And the restroom placement, I don't understand who designed this, they must have a sick-twisted sense of humor. They are located in the furthest possible corner of the main room behind the DJ, requiring you to actually navigate through/across the dance floor, not fun times. . . While I cant say I had a completely horrible time here, in all its chaos dancing was done, I just cant say that I'll be attending PURE on a future trip to Vegas.
Pure is OK-not too great compared to other clubs in LV these days. The line was RIDICK-even with the VIP list and all that. It was too freakin hot in there and the only bathroom was on the top floor-no bueno. I shortly left after being admitted for free. I did enjoy the hip hop room and the nice man who let us sit at tables until they were reserved. But, Ill stick to XS next time thanks
I know this is a pretty late review, but I feel that I need to save people from the horrors of this place. I came here for a new year's day party hosted by Puff Daddy. First off, I totally understand it's Vegas on probably the 2nd busiest night of the year. My friends and I decided to get a VIP cabana on the roof. Big mistake. If a rapper is going to host a party, there will be specific types of people who will be attending. The ones who idolize the wrong people and willing to live the lifestyles that the rappers vaunt so much. The poor who try to ball on a budget. The VIP area was completely dead because no one could afford it. I would say it's a good and bad thing. The dance floor was packed so badly that there was no room to dance at all, not even on the walkways because the dancefloor was so full it would spill onto it. If you were on one end of the club and wanted to go to the bathroom, and go back to your same spot, it probably would take you an hour. Next, the VIP area, the bouncers were complete dicks. I brought some women with me, and he made a big deal about how I was trying to sneak friends up so they can bypass the VIP charge per person (which was not the case at all you buffoon, who I tipped $50 anyways). Part of the VIP comes with a bottle of liquor, I was well aware of the price markup on a busy day. I ended up buying another $500 bottle anyways because we ran out, but I did not know that they charge you gratuity no matter what, so I decided to tip 20% on top of the final price of the bottle + 20%, and all she did was bring me a bottle. I think prison would have raped me less than this place did. Try another club.
We waited here online for an hour and a half for the place to open. Lady's get free vodka drinks til midnight, but of course you can't get in til 11:30. What is the point of that besides a rip off. . . We were looking forward to a mix of music, but got mostly hip hop instead. . . The place was packed and I was wearing a drink within 5 minutes. . . Never again. . . Cheers
Ah PURE, the club occupying prime real estate in the middle of the Strip at Ceasar's Palace and blessed with all the excesses and vices of Vegas clubbing. Over-priced drinks? Indubitably. Lazily mixed cocktails? Of course. Staff catering almost exclusively to the bottle service crowd? Check. Half the crowd so drunk they can barely move on the dance floor without stepping on your feet? Without question. . . However the roof top view is fantastic and the club looks very pretty, that is until you realize that more than 1/2 the space is cordoned off for private tables. Which is fine on a busy night but even on a Sunday when the club is more or less empty the whole bottle service area is closed off. I get that clubs make a killing selling a bottle of Captain Morgan for 500 bucks but PURE probably takes that business strategy a step too far. However I have to say that PURE has the most pleasant bouncers of just about any Vegas club. They get you into the club quickly and don't try to put on the "tough guy" routine that just about every bouncer tries to project to get a better "private" entrance fee. . . I guess if you're staying at Caesar's and get a free pass with your room you could do worse than stop by PURE on a slow night just to enjoy the view. But keep your visit short and head over to Tryst, XS, or Marquee if you actually want a memorable and worthwhile  club experience.
I wished my Friend followed my suggestion and we could have tried somewhere Else. This place is played out to me. It is cool once or twice but not as the go to spot. I've been to Pure 3 or 4 times at this point and I've also been steeped in nightlight for quite sometime. It may have been an off night due to the full moon but these are some things that made say meh:.  Some guy barfed in the section next to us. They charged her card twice. The person neglected to mention the top level ONLY played electronica all night. My gf had a total diva-tude and it was getting kind of uncomfortable to chill. .  However the saving grace of this place is the staff. Rick Moon, German, the bouncer with the big buckle, and the tall waitress with dark hair were genuine & really made the night. They spoke to me about their lives, their successes and things in between. I'd go back just for them.
Pure is one of those overrated clubs that everyone has heard of and wants to try, but no one really likes it.. . I came on a Tuesday night in late November, so I understand that they would close off the majority of the club (only the main dance floor was open), but... that still sucks. There's absolutely no where to go EXCEPT the dancefloor, and sometimes you just need a break from the disgusting creepers, ya know?. . We got guestlist, which meant free entry and nothing else. But it went smoothly, even though 2 people from my group weren't there yet. They let us in no problem, and said the others can join us later.. . The music was pretty good, a mix of top 40 and hip hop. Crowd was questionable.. . I'll say this about Pure though: this is the only club where I've seen the security guys having as much fun as the partygoers. They're always ready for an impromptu rave show on the way to the restroom!
Compared to XS and Tao, this was terrible. I would not return unless I was put in the same situation that brought me here: ~15-20 of my girlfriends wanted to go.. . Not sure why some of my friends had fun (probably because they haven't gone out much), but I did not enjoy the venue. It was a Tuesday night and we got in free on the guestlist, but the first floor was absolutely packed. Worse than a frat party. It was impossible, took us forever to find the other half of our party. We arrived just when the open bar had ended, which I didn't care for. I found a friend who had gotten a free drink, tried it, and was glad I didn't try to come earlier and suffer waiting at the bar; it tasted like water and hawaiian punch mix. I felt like I was a freshman again. In a packed room, sweaty people around me, and watery drinks.  All night, it was next to impossible to try to get a drink at the tiny bar. Pretty disappointing. Took a cab from NY NY to Caesars to be super uncomfortable surrounded by sweaty people and not-danceable music? I wish I stayed back at the hotel to gamble or went to another club by myself. I might as well mention cabs here are SO MUCH MORE expensive than NYC cabs. (I think it was approx $3.50 flat rate, with $0.30 per every 1/13th of a mile? But sitting at stop lights, the meter still kept going up. Pretty sure we got charged $5+ sitting at a light and it didn't help when the driver kept choosing to be in the slowest lane.) Anyways, after discovering the upstairs, I hung out on the balcony for the remainder of the night. The fresh air and lack of a sardine-packed area was so refreshing after being crammed in downstairs. The view was okay, the table a mutual friend had was okay, and the crowd was okay. There was much more space there, phew. It was more for lounging and chitchatting. The venue also seemed to only have one bathroom for all those hundreds of people?? When I was downstairs, I was directed upstairs for the bathroom. There's 2-3 stalls for women, and an unusually huge line extending back ~10+ people out the doorway.
Free entrance, free drinks, still only two stars. The place was kind of empty, even at midnight, and only a few people were dancing.
Pure did not live up to its name. Pure what? Pure-fun? Pure-joy? Nah. How about Pure-disappointment? Pure-crap? Pure(ly)-ghetto? . . I don't know. Perhaps I've just  been spoiled by that of Marquee; perhaps I was just bitter. That said, our party of 6 (4 girls, 2 guys) ventured to Pure on a Tuesday night. My two stars are for the great promoter we met outside of Caesar's..I think his name was Jesus? We had already planned on Pure that night, but Jesus hooked us up on his private guest list. Our girls got in free in a matter of 5 minutes, while my buddy and I entered a separate line and were in for free in a matter of 15 minutes. Not too shabby. . TIP: Ladies, this place is definitely more for you. Ladies had free open bar until midnight, and if you were deemed "hot enough" (our 4 were..score for them) by the bouncers, said ladies are allowed into the VIP table area above the main dance floor. A few of my friends were given endless champagne. . . So, now, why does this place lack? Let me count the ways. . 1. The music. Now, full disclosure, I really am a fan of hip-hop/Top 40 (AKA what the DJs here spin). However, I felt like I was transported back to middle school with a majority of the music. I'll get to this a bit more later. . 2. Questionable people. . 3. Yes, I understand that the bar will be busy, I won't dock stars for that. But when my buddy's Red Bull costs the same as my beer and he gets carded THREE different times while IN the club, that just becomes an unnecessary nuisance. Aren't your bouncers supposed to be properly trained to spot fakes or whatever outside the club? He had both stamps. . 4. Oh, Pure. Aren't you special-- let's have the restroom through the dance floor with sketchy people going absolutely insane while your way-past-its-prime "hip-hop" rattles in the background. It's cool. . Who thought it was a great idea to put the bathrooms through the packed-like-sardines dance floor? While taking 5-10 minutes to maneuver through the inferno of aforementioned questionable people, I got decked in the face by some blacked-out, irritating girl flailing her arms around during "Ice Cream Paintjob." Add that to the lowest moments of my life. Favorite part? She yells at me and says that it's my fault. Cool, thanks. . Upon asking the bouncer if he would let me through the EMPTY table area to the left of the dance floor to get to the restrooms, he looked at me like an infant and essentially scolded me for asking. COOL IT. . Alright, rant over. . . . *Funniest part of the night to assuage my irritation? One of my friends was talking to a guy at a table, and when he said it was his birthday, she made the decision that the birthday boy needed a lap dance. She was subsequently thrown out even after the protests of said birthday boy. Oops? . . . Would I go again? I mean, probably not. But if I'm in a party that has a table, it's a consideration, especially on a Tuesday night when nothing else is really open except for 1Oak at Mirage.
I got bottle service, $425 cheapest bottle, really depends where your table is at, and the music was very techno-y, too much of that, females mostly stay downstairs where the music is better, prob wont go back there
I was in Vegas exploring Caesars Palace when a promoter approached me with a hook up to Pure. I didn't have night plans so I decided "Hey! Why not!" The promotion they were giving was half off for guys before 12 AM and free admission for the ladies with drinks for the ladies before 12 AM. I figured the guy was nice and I should check out a new scene. Meh.. . The line was long but it was cool...moved fast. However, the SUPER smoky stuffy feel of Caesars really agitated my allergies. I think it was the low ceilings ...I mean, duh its Vegas...but it was so stuffy and smoky in there that it irked me while waiting in line. . . Then once I reached the top of the line, the bouncer doubted that my ID was mine. First off, it WAS! I am 26 years old I do not need to be trying to get in some lame ass club. Second, I don't think bending my ID was going to help if it was fake or not. Then he asked me if I had a credit card on me. Hahahaha. How does that prove if its me? Or if I am "of age?" And, I don't bring my card to the clubs fools, like most ladies with a GOOD MAN...my MAN takes care of my drinks on date night!!! And when I'm with the ladies, I bring cash...so I don't blow it on random high caloried drinks.. . I'm from Cali fools..get an ID scanner (our IDs don't look cheap and can be scanned for our info in Cali, or at least a UV LED flashlight. I know, this is Nevada and many people come from out of state...at least invest in the UV LED, they use those in airports. Geez!!!!. . Once I got in there, the club seemed nice... flashy, modern and with tons of rooms and bars. What I liked was there was so many different rooms that catered to different styles of music and when you walked around you can only hear the type of music in your area ...no spill over of the other room's music. The DJ playing EDM + 90's was pretty awesome too! So one star for that. . . Also, the free drinks were vodka only drinks. I didn't care, its just it would of been nice to be told that when the promoter picked me up. He made it seem like all the drinks were free up until 12 AM. So I drank A LOT of Pineapple vodkas that night--- Another star for that!!. . I think I still love XS and Tryst over Pure. After midnight, I can barely breath in there. I felt like a goldfish gasping for air so I left right at 12:30 for PH's Rockbar instead hahaha!
We had purchased front of the line, open bar tickets from Vegas.com for Pure at Caesars to celebrate my 35th birthday. Our night started off great at Pure. The bouncers and bar staff was super nice at explaining our deal from vegas.com! . . Unfortunately, one of the staff had approached my husband while we were in the patio area and pointed at his drink and told him "man, that's a girls drink", took his drink from him, and walked away. We were not causing any problems, none of us were drunk, or causing any reason to have our drinks taken away. I'm 35, hubby a little older. We are NOT the young, drunk, belligerent fools spilling their drinks everywhere!  . . Anyways..... . I approached the staff person while he was attending to table service guests. He said his name was Nema (I heard Nemo, but he quickly said "with an A! Nem-A!").  I had told him that he didn't need to be rude to guests by insulting them, telling a guy he's drinking a girly drink! He didn't apologize, said "what do you want me to say!" and throwing his hands up, dismissed me, and just walked away. We left immediately after, about 12:30AM. . . Pure is a beautiful nightclub, awesome patio up top with nice views. I enjoyed my time up until my interactions with Nema. I am just sharing our experience in hopes your other guests won't have to deal with the same disrespect!
I went with a few girlfriends last Tuesday, and I've never felt so much like a sardine in my life!  While I liked the music (I'm a dork and like music I can sing along to instead of the house/techno/electro music other places play), everything else was just awful.. . CONS:. . Ridiculously long wait - we probably waited all of 45 minutes in the ladies' line.  From what I could tell, the VIP line and the guest list lines weren't any faster.  We got into XS and Surrender in less than a fifth of that time!. . Where were the ridiculously good-looking people??? - I saw them at the places we went during the weekend, but I guess they all went home by Tuesday.  I guess that's not really the club's fault though.. . Rude people - Not only were they not ridiculously good-looking, they also had the misfortune to be ridiculously rude, at least the other girls.  Maybe they were also upset by the lack of ridiculously good-looking guys?  One girl pointed out to a friend that she was not a guy, and to kindly stop grinding on her.  Another girl told me to stop elbowing her or she'd punch me.  I'm not sure if they had severe agoraphobic issues or had too much too drink at the open bar and didn't realize this, but there was literally no room to move, and even if you just stood there, the jostling of everyone around you will push you into someone.  . . Poor restroom placement - To get to the restroom, you literally had to push your way through the mob of writhing bodies in front of the stage.  Which also contributed to the people being pushed against each other.  Maybe on other days it wasn't like this, but on the day we went, the most expedient way of going to the restroom was roped off.  WHY would they do this?  . . PROS:. . Good music - I'm one of those people who actually like it when the DJ plays music I recognize and can sing along to, so I appreciated this. . . Two hour long open bar - This may have contributed to some people's churlishness on the dance floor, but we greatly appreciated the two-hour long open bar for ladies.  There were also multiple bars, so none of them were too crowded.. . Easier to get to than other clubs - it's in the center of the strip, and it doesn't take as long and meandering a route getting there as with some places.  Always a plus when you're already slightly tipsy.. . In summary: Go if you really enjoy the press of strangers' bodies flush against yours and are indifferent to what they look like and the possibility of being yelled at and/or threatened.  Otherwise, I'd skip it.  Maybe it's different on days that are not Tuesdays?
It's a nice club, but definitely not worth the price of admission. I expected more. I guess if I was from a small town this would've been a hit. Prissy asian/white chicks and fairly ratchet black chicks...not much else...at least that was the scenery when I was there. . . Not worth a repeat. Bunk
Pure is a nice looking place that provided a mediocre experience.  I know that exclusivity is something that is important for night clubs in Las Vegas to have, but an upscale image becomes meaningless when you make your customers feel unwelcomed and uncomfortable.. . This past Sunday was my first visit to Pure. From the time we arrived, I felt like they could care less about our enjoyment.  It was as if they were doing us a favor by even letting us in.  Our names were on a VIP list through a Las Vegas promoter that I have had great experiences using before, and they still gave us a hard time getting in.  They pushed bottle service, sent us to the wrong line, and then told me that I was lucky to get in since I was wearing sneakers as I was walking in.  I can understand that they would like for people not to wear sneakers, but they should keep the comments to themselves since we were already headed in.  There was noone else there on a Sunday night...of course they were going to let us in!  They just didn't need to make it like we were entering a maximum security military base.. . Once inside, we saw that the whole lower level was closed.  The upstairs balcony was the only area open, and it was tight (as in no room!).  Half of it was roped off for bottle service, and there was only a few people who actually bought it.  It was a huge waste of space, and everyone else ended up getting funneled into the middle of the balcony.  It caused a ridiculous bottleneck to get drinks, with the narrowest part being right in the middle of the dance floor.  Navigating around Pure was such a pain! Having to walk through the crowded dance floor every time I wanted to get a drink made it not worth the trouble.  They could easily solve the problem by having another bar on the opposite side as well.. . The music at Pure was okay.  It was pretty good to begin with, but inexplicably got slower as the night went on.  It was more up tempo when we got there, and by the time we left it was just depressing.  The DJ was also not the greatest at mixing the music, so it was kind of a buzz kill.  . . Pure is a nice looking place, but was not as fun as it should have been.  With a few minor adjustments, Pure could offer a really great experience.  It is just not a customer friendly place, and was uncomfortable to be at from the start.  There are lot of other night clubs in Las Vegas that do a better job about making the experience fun, and I will stick with those places until Pure adjusts its environment.
Went here for their halloween party and was a bit disappointed. This club is okay. From looking at the pictures I thought it would be bigger and more lavish than it is. Maybe I'm spoiled :) Getting into this club is impossible when they have a big name guest. There are a million different lines. I'll pass unless I'm VIP. A lot of late 20s-30 somethings seem to go here. If you are going to utilize open bar, make sure you get to the bar at least 10 minutes prior to cut off because some of the bartenders are dicks and will not accommodate you even if they saw you standing in line.
I was excited to go but disappointed when i got there..too many lines. it was like organized chaos. Finally after speaking to someone i got into the right line..because we got in. It was a lot of very very long lines. And like i said it didnt seem organized at all. NOW once inside it was SOOOO crowded you barely could move. Even though they had several different rooms they all seemed to be already filled to capacity. My friend and i said it was a fire hazard for sure. People pushing and shoving just to walk anywhere. The club itself would have been more enjoyable had there been enough room to even breathe. No room to dance with someone,just stand still and move you head a little bit lol. . Just as we were going to leave Pharrell walks past us...cool lets go to the next room and hear him perform..that was a journey. We really tried but even standing there another 15 min was too painful..like i said it was too crowded and i honestly didint feel safe. Had there been a fire people would have gotten trampled and trapped for sure. That too many people. Anyway maybe another time but last night not so good.
Both times I've been to this clubs (two different Vegas trips), it.... well, for lack of a better word SUCKED. Yes, I got in free both times with free drinks.... but honestly it didn't make up for the fact that I had such a terrible time. The first trip, I was pretty much harassed by two over-zealous guys that didn't know how to take no for an answer and had to talk to the manager about them (don't want to get too into that story).... but let's just say, I really didn't get to see much of the place that night. The second time, they closed off the main room and stuffed everyone on the upstairs terrace with absolutely NO walking room. We went downstairs and asked if they were going to open the main room at any point, and every employee we asked simply IGNORED US. The final time we asked someone, they commanded us to either "get upstairs, or get out." I understand "crowd control," but there was really no need to be so rude. Every time a promoter comes up to me for entry to this place now I simply ask him to get us in somewhere else.
Let me start by saying I used to live in Vegas and Pure used to be my favorite club. It's beautiful, great location and a fabulous view of the strip. If it was industry night I was there. Saturday night I was there. Loved it.. . Maybe I'm just older and wiser now, maybe Pure Management did it better than AMG, maybe I've been in Oregon way too long, I don't really know, but I was done after 10 minutes there during our vacation this June. . . The door staff is simply rude. Like straight up ignore you rude. Not a good way to kick off the night. From there we made it to the patio and got our drinks, the bar staff was great....but they should be since they want tips. The club was full of just turning 21ers screaming woohoo the entire time, girls in flip flops and leggings (upscale?) and some older couples getting jiggy on the dance floor. We thought about making a drinking game out of the woohoos but we would have been really drunk, really fast and spent a lot of money on shots' The dj was horrible, even if I had been drunk there was no flow to dance to. . . We were there maybe 45 min and I'd had enough. The view still rocks but that the only good thing I have to say.
Went here last night for a Bachelorette party. I was able to get on Guest list and get a table with one bottle of vodka service complimentary I payed taxes about 105.00. Good deal yes. but.....As the night went on around 130 a bouncer told us we had to leave because he had paying customers.  He gave us literally 5 minutes for us to clear our things and as we stood up not a second later they were sitting.. Just a fair warning if you get a complimentary table you can be removed if a paying customer comes. Music was good our guard Will rocked!
only went here bc I was comped.  Club used to be "it" but now its a tourist trap without the hot people.  UG UG UG is all you see.  Sorry.
Over priced bottle service to wait 90 minutes when the reservation was setup with a hookup and a table shuffle out in the heat on the roof...lame
The doorman seemed to literally take five minutes to check my ID. He asked me to smile and he kept casting doubtful glances at me before reluctantly letting me in. After being let in, I only stayed for about 15 minutes and I was quite disappointed. Music was okay and there were literally dozens of girls in tiaras around, which made for a weird atmosphere. This place paled in comparison to 1OAK.
