Decided to check out this pho place after some drinking and gambling.  The pho is just ok, probably average by SJ standard.  The broth could be hotter as mine was just warm.  Frankly, I get suspicious when the broth isn't steaming hot.   Anyhow, I just ate it and thought to myself, these out of towners just don't know what good pho tastes like.  I probably won't return, but I can now say I've been here and it's way over-rated.
went here late last night.  haven't been in a year or so since the last time i came here the service was so poor.  i wasn't any more impressed this time round than i was the last.  the pho is okay and so is the service.  nothing special about this place besides the extensive menu and the fact that it's open 24-hours.
What's so great about this place? This seems to be the only pho place Vegaspeople go to. Always busy, but the food isn't even that great. Shame!
**** Good if  late night and you're high/drunk/under the influence **** . . The Pho is overpriced and salty.  I guess they can afford to do so since it's close to the strip.  Just drive down the street to Pho So 1.. . The only reason why I like this place is to give my tourist friends a laugh when they see the sign.. . My 12 year old side wants to call them on speed dial so I can hear them answer.
I have been going to Pho Kim Long for many years now. It is a long drive but my family and I made it a point to visit every few months and ONLY for the food.. It must be because we are not Vietnamese or maybe we constantly get the most rude waiters working there... But I have never had good service there. . We had chosen to ignore that aspect and recommended the curry chicken and chicken wings to anyone looking for differentiation in their diets.. After going today, I feel like I won't anymore because I was offended at the service and our chicken wings were bland at best.. . Too bad, they were really fantastic!
For a place in china town with a name that has the word "pho", it's menu had a lot of non-authentic items on it... yeah, yeah I ordered them :) The food came out very fast, a little too fast for us because the calamari I had to start was very undercooked. The spring rolls were okay and my pho was a little salty and little flavor. Service was okay, but all around we've experienced much better in china town.
I must of been Vegas-style drunk and staying out late starving, the last two times I was driven out here. Cause this most recent trip (though not completely sober yet not completely famished, either) I did not find much enjoyment in their food.. . This go around, I had the chicken pho. The chicken was cut up into thin slices of white meat which was a bit chewy. The broth was pretty much afail with very little flavor. At 8 or 9 bucks for this bowl of noodle soup, I definitely expected better. And since my food was unsatisfying, I took a few bites off of a friend's fried rice. That  was too oily for my taste. I was not feeling that either.. . So aside from the very quick service (got our food in about 5 minutes after they took our order), the complimentary hot tea, open 24hrs., and the fact that the name does have a tendency to make people laugh and tell off colored jokes at 3 in the morning, it's just not the local spot for good Asian eats.. . If you had the "best" of anything here.... you were drunkers, pho sure.
Pho is probably the best remedy for a night of heavy drinking. Especially when you are driving home that very morning from Vegas. . . Open 24 hour's-1 Star . Generous Meat Portions in the Pho Dac Biet-1 Star . . That's all i can give this place, because the broth here is so rich in MSG that its a joke. It was so salty that i barely drank the broth and just ate the noodle and meat. . . The servers here gives off a negative vibe toward its customers. Though its probably family own it seems that the workers aren't interested in their work. . . Customer Service/Food Quality both fail at this establishment: . . Find another place for your Hangover Remedy
4 stars for being open 24 hours and having a sweet name..... . 2 stars for eh food.  I was pretty sobered up by the time we got here, maybe it's ah-mazing when you're drunk?  My bun with bbq chicken and spring rolls was ok.  Mike C. didn't like his roasted chicken with rice at all, said it was super dry.  The pho was eh, not the best.  The porridge was tasteless, had to add hoison and fish sauce to it just for the sake of adding some flavor. They did have a pretty decent variety on their menu from what I remember and our dishes came out pretty quick.. . 1 star for my friend having to wait forever for his fried rice.  Everyone got their dishes before he did.  Fried rice?  That should be the first thing out, I was about to go to the kitchen and whip some up myself.. . 1 star for bad service.  The servers gave looks like they hate their life and lagged on getting our check and filling our waters.  Sure it's 3am and they probably don't want to be there let alone put up with a bunch of drunk Asians, especially some of the ghetto fabulous ones I saw there.  But sorry, you're in customer service so please try to fake it for us at least.. . 1 star for being stranded here because our crazy ride ditched us and we had to walk along the street to flag down a taxi to take us back to the strip.  This place is not walking distance from the strip but only 10 minutes away by car.  Ok this isn't Pho Kim's fault, but just thought I"d add it in anyways haha. . I'd only come here again if I had a ride locked down and super drunk so I couldn't taste anything or care about service.
Tip: Need to be sober and coherent before eating at a late night joint such as Pho Kim Long.. . Had I had some reasoning and a little rationale I could have just stuck with their specialty...ie...the pho...duh...it's in their title name. But I went with a random picture in the menu, the roasted chicken with seasoned rice #38.. . Again pictures do help especially if you're drunk, but the actual meal was nothing like the picture in the menu. The rice was super dry and the chicken was not good. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yfxDa8RFOvJPQh0rNtakHA?select=yBVkwiixnbBbSMCEUaHOnQ. . But hey...it's in the menu and this restaurant is responsible for its contents. So just because they're specialties are pho, they should still put in some effort for the less frequented menu items including the roasted chicken and rice that I had ordered. Word!!!!. . No doubt, I'll be back....and no doubt I'll be drunk again. But hopefully I should have my mental notes in place and some rationale fortitude to order the good stuff next time. Still, you can't beat the open 24 hours a day and family style dining in this Vegas off-strip restaurant.. . Their name is funny too...word
Their broth is not flavorful enough but it's ok. The meat is good in the Pho but that's about it. Nothing too great And the Pho costs about 7 dollars. Good thing is their open 24/7. Would rather go to Cali for some Pho for sure!
Rip off. . They think they are a 5 star restaraunt. 15% tips was automatically added to the bill. Water was not refilled until I waived down the waiter, waiter did not check to see what we neeeded, we had to pay at register. . Food B, Service C, Atmosphere B, Price C.
Get ready to feel like you aren't welcome by the rude guy that has seated me the 3 times I have been there. I only go there for the funny name. The wait staff is rude and very slow. I will go back if someone else is buying. I'm sure I can find better Pho places in Vegas.
What can I say about Pho Kim Long? . . It's nothing special. You know you've wasted a dinner, when less than halfway through your meal, in the company of your family, we can conclude that my mom could've done a better job. My MOM! . . Worse, I found a dead ant stuck to one of my onions in my pho bo vein, which I should've taken a picture of and uploaded to Yelp. But I'm a nice guy. I've found worse things in my food from far worse restaurants. . . I can see the only saving grace for a place like this, is that it's 24 hours and it being one of the few only options available for pho near the strip. But really, my belly wanted more.
Food was okay but SERVICE was HORRIBLE! The only nice service we got was from the young hostess in front (they got an extra star because of her). We came in with a large group so we had to wait before being seated which is understandable. Once seated, the waiters taking our order did not seem happy with their job but we were still okay with the service. We paid our bill and left a GENEROUS tip due to the large party. The HORRIBLE part was on the way out. My husband was carrying my son out first (while the rest of the party was gathering their belongings) when a waiter said to him in a very rude way, "Move out of the way". Come on now, you can at least say excuse me. That was the final straw for my husband, he told the waiter that he was extremely rude, and he would like to speak to the owner of the establishment. Turns out he was the son of the owner and the owner was not there. We asked for his dad's number so we can call him but he of course wouldn't give it to us. We probably would have been okay if he had just apologized and said he was in a rush or something but he didn't seem to care. I guess if the son of the owner doesn't care about how he treats the customers, there's no reason for the other workers to care either! Needless to say, we won't be going back.
Hey i'll give it to them..they have a clean restaurant...somewhat.. well compared to NYC Chinatown. . . The pho is okay. I actually prefer the ones in NYC Chinatown, and i feel like the bowls in NYC are bigger. I have to admit that i am a fan of their vietnamese iced tea. That's about it. . . I had the pho with rare roast beef and well done flank. I mean it was okay...Just no wow factor. The bowl itself wasn't that filling. I killed it and felt like I could have eaten more if wanted to.. . Our server also sucked. We ordered some cha gio. At 1st the waiter had no idea what we wanted. This guy actually didn't even know the menu period. We would want something, and then he'd be like errr lemme look at the menu. What a fool. Then when we incorrectly pronounced the cha gio, he gave us this weird look and then walked away. Then he didn't even punch it into the computer., so we never got it. Terrible service!!!. . Granted this place is cheap..but it's just whatever. I have had better.
Great food. Absolutely HORRIBLE service, actually brought wrong food, didn't bring drinks at all, didn't fill waters even once, didn't clear dishes and didn't bring check.  They were not busy, the waiter just wanted to talk with his friends,  As my people say, NEVER AGAIN!
This place pho king sucks. . . Me and my buddies came here on the last day of our edc weekend before the long drive back to SF.. . *Warning - do not order the fruit drinks, they are made w/ powder and taste super generic and sweet aka fake. We were like oh its 137 degrees outside, a nice watermelon, or pineapple, or strawberry drink sounds amazing and refreshing, when we got it we all literally took one sip and didn't drink it after that.  Oh but they looked like they could glow in the dark, i guess that's kinda cool? . . On top of that the pho took forever to come, maybe they forgot, but the ones who ordered rice plates pretty much finished it before the pho even came.  Pho should take no more than a few minutes to come out, not over 10 minutes.  I must say it's understandable for the ones including myself to finish our rice plates first because portion wise they were probably made for babies. I had one tiny porkchop and some rice, usually at Vietnamese restaurants you're not able to see the bottom of your plate because its filled with food, but this plate was very bare.  . . Bottomline: food took forever, drinks sucked, and for 5 guys the bill came out to $80. Pho'ck that.. . OH and on top of that, they gave us the bill before our pho even came! (probably because they noticed some of our plates empty) wow...best believe we didn't tip.
I got sick the last 2 times i came here. The Food is really unimpressive and the service is just the worst.. . Just skip this place, there are a lot of places for Pho in Vegas
Pho Kim Long is my go-to for Pho and Bun. I live in Henderson - which is a road trip to Spring Mountain but the food is so good and every Sunday after basketball games at Tark, my family heads to PKL to get our Vietnamese fix. I can't get my boys (2 &6 yrs old)  to eat anything but burgers or pizza but they LOVE, LOVE , LOVE the Pho. The only downer is the customer service. Asian establishments are notorious for horrible service and each time we go this is the case. The past Sunday was the worst. My son dropped his toy and when he went to go pick it up -  what looked like the Manager came over and scolded my son and then told me not to let my children run around! He was up for 2 seconds! It was really rude and could have been addressed in a more professional manner. Because of this incident I might have to look for a new Pho spot.... .
Food is ehhhh. Nothing special but gets the job done. Huge menu with a lot of options.
The food here is only good after a night out of drinking with friends and when we need a place to go to eat and sober up afterwards.  Ehhhh... There are better pho places. The portions are small. The service is awful by the way.
Happy 2012 LV Yelpers!. . I finally got to try out PKL several weeks ago with one of my gfs.. . I'm not a Pho fan so there's no real reason to eat here. But I made the most of it eating other things off the menu.. . I had their spring rolls, fried rice with char sui, and fresh coconut juice.. Nothing amazing. The fried rice was horrible! :(. I got to try the fried noodles which was decent.. . I'm never coming back.. . 2 stars just for being open 24 hours.. . next.
The food is mediocre, the decor is a bit more modern than your typical joint. Hubby ordered the special (dac biet) for $7.25 and I ordered a large bowl of the raw beef with tendon also for $7.25. We also ordered the plain noodle with broth for $5.00, spring rolls and egg rolls for the children.The bowls came full of broth and tender meat, but a disportionate amount of soggy noodles. I told my server that hubby and my bowl did not have enough noodles and they said that's how it's served. So we each order another serving of noodles for $3.00. Spring rolls were puny...really puny for $5.00, about 30% smaller than what you would get in a typical food joint. The egg rolls were super greasy, so greasy I had to roll them into the napkins before I served them to my children. I asked for hot tea, the hot tea never came, but the ice water that I never ordered arrived. The bill came out to be $38 and some change with tip included. (You don't get a choice.) I voiced my disatisfaction with another server who I thought was a manager and then the owner. They just said sorry and did nothing to ameliorate the situation. Overall, the food is ok, but it's expensive considering Vegas is the most wasteful place on earth with all the buffets. If you're really craving for Pho, then it will meet your basic needs, but I would recommend you pass and just go to your local favorite joint.
Don't order the salt and pepper calamari! The picture looked so much better than the outcome. So disappointed. The batter was gross. Ordered the roasted chicken plate, and honestly the chicken was really dry. . . Other than their customer service being excellent, their food really needed some improvement.
I wouldn't go here unless I was drunk, pretty much the only time I go here. . . Pho Kim Long, HAHA sorry had to do it. . What I usually order.... . Pho w/egg noodle: 4/5 Don't ask me why but I don't like pho with rice noodle lol So I switch it up. At pho kim long the soup is a bit oily you can definitely see the bubbles floating around. The soup comes hot so be careful, it comes hot for a reason because the thin slices of meat have to cook in the soup. The regular size is more then enough for me so portions are good.. . Egg rolls: 2/5  I used to like their egg rolls until they decided to down size. Their egg rolls used to be fat and thick but ever since they changed their recipe they're friend super small and thin. The size of a lumpia basically, and they give you like 1 slice of lettuce. Everyone knows you wrap the egg roll inside the lettuce and dip it in that fish sauce they give you. . . Service: 1/5 Even if your belligerently drunk service should still matter. This place is very fast paced and when your drunk you just want things to slow down at that point. The waiters are very pushy and they rush the heck out of you. Once you order and they bring your food out forget trying to get their attention later. Flagging down a waiter there just to get your check is a mission there.
Wow, things change really quickly over in Chinatown. . . 1st time I came here, I hadsuch a good time that I gave this place a 5-star review. After my last 2 visits..Now, I gotta give it only 2 stars. . . The staff was rude this time around. Very anti-social and easily irritated. . The staff was constantly making fun of customers behind their backs. Calling them all types of degrading names and making fun of their hair, clothes, etc. I found their behavior to be very out-of-line. . . Food was still really good. So they get 1 more star. . . I don't understand why this place attracts such a shady crowd?  People all around me were loudly talking about sexual topics, drugs, and screaming profanity in the air.   I really don't mind that atmosphere because I use a lot of profanity myself, but this place is designed like one of those fancy 5-star restaurants, so I would expect a more upscale crowd.  Infact, I enjoy that kind of atmosphere when I am at a  dive-place like "Ellis Island" or downtown, but "Pho Kim Long" is a fine-dining establishment with it's giant neon fish tanks, marble tables, and chandeliers. I know I am in my 20s, but I have a lot of friends who are 60+, and one of my friends is actually a former civil rights activist from the 1960s. I felt really  bad having a man of his integrity have to sit there and listen to drunks and typical vegas-trash talk so much sh!t around him.  . . This sucks because now I gotta find another 24 hour Pho place. If anyone has any suggestions please let me know.
I came in trying to order something and they couldn't understand my order. It took 3 ppI to finally get it right. So I just  ordered the #34 (com bi cha Suon nuong), w/ a bowl of broth. First of all they didn't bring me everything that was listed for #34.. I didn't understand why they served a salad without the dressing. ?__?. . The food was just okay, I'm definitely not satisfied with my choice, but this restaurant was recommended by friends. I guess if I ever come back, it would be for a bowl of soup (you can't go wrong with a bowl of pho).. . Yes this restaurant is nice, but I felt like I should have went elsewhere.. . Supposedly this place is open 24 hrs,  that's pretty convenient.
Ehh. Ordered the house special noodles with beef, chicken and shrimp. Also ordered an order of spring rolls and a watermelon boba. They are a bit expensive and also my noodles in the spring rolls are undercooked. Not cool. And the house special noodles were extra extra crispy and I'm not talking about the good crispy either. LOL. The upside is that it's open 24 hours which is really cool.
Broth was good but it wasn't hot like pho is suppose to be. Actually, the best word to describe it was lukewarm. I couldve asked them to heat it up but they took a while to bring the food and i was RAVENOUS like a zombie.  -4 stars for that.. . I like how this place is 24hr. We don't have many of those in my area. +1 star. No other complaints.
A bit overpriced because I know you can find authentic pho right down the way on the same street. The small is enough for me but it is a very small portion. Grat is already included too. Bourgie pho place; funny.. . I also ordered a fresh coconut drink and then changed my mind to a Sprite and told them to cancel the other but they ended up bringing me both which was a fail!
I was in Las Vegas this past weekend to gamble and have a little fun.  My friends and I got drunk and were craving for some PHO.  It's the best thing to eat when you are drunk and wasted.  We found a place off the strip that was open 24 hours.  I walked in and was very impress on how clean and nice the restaurant look.  It was packed but lucky the place was big so we didn't have to wait long.  I ordered a large bowl of Pho Tai and we had two plates of egg rolls for the five of us.  I would have to say my friends and I were very disappointed with what we ordered.  I couldn't describe the flavor in the broth.  It seem like they just bought the cubes you buy at supermarket to make pho and stuck in the pot.  The egg rolls were thin and barely had any meat.  One of my friends ordered Hu Tieu and didn't finish it because it wasn't good.  I guess if you are in Vegas and drunk after clubbing than it wouldn't hurt to check this place out since it's the only Pho restaurant open 24 hours over there.  I give it a two rating because the place was nice and clean.
we ordered the chicken and rice, they used chicken breast which is very un typical..so dry........im not sure which peice of the chicken other Viet restaurants use but its not the breast , its a piece thats juicy and yummy ! and than aftwards a few of us got a stomach after.Lol. Went here cuz our white cab driver told us it was good. lols I think the food here leaning a tiny bit towards fusion. Anyways it is the nicest Pho restaurant I've seen compared to Vancouver.
Food wasn't that great. I guess it's because I'm from SF, where we have the best and most authentic Vietnamese food. We came here for lunch while we were in Vegas and just wanted something outside of the casinos. I ordered the Pho Ga (chicken noodle soup) and it tasted really bland. We also had the Spring rolls which was just ok. Pho is always based on how good the soup is, and the soup here was not authentic at all. It tasted more like msg mixed with water and it tasted really fake. . . It's cool that this place is so close to the strip (driving) and a good place to get some soup if you have a hangover, but as a meal? Neh....
Expensive and too much five spices in the broth. They even charged extra for a bowl of broth; all other pho restaurant would have given it away for free. Would not come back!
Bad customer service. Food is ok. But HORRIBLE customer service ruins the whole visit here. Once we got seated and open the first page of the menu,  the waiter was already rushing us to order. Our foods came out and there were no condiments at ALL. Eating not even half way, they gave is the check. While still eating they clean our table? Definitely not coming back.
First off - awesome name! haha! Now that we got that out of the way, one of my friends (who is a Vegas regular) recommended this place after a long night of eating, drinking, debating about politics, thinking about going clubbing, not going clubbing, getting old, and then getting hungry again!  I was excited, not becuase of the name, but because this place was supposed to have some really good PHO!. . Sad to say, I was very disappointed!  The pho looked good, but didn't measure up to its good looks.  My pho had rare beef and beef balls, both of which were dry and flavorless.  I added my normal squeeze of lime and tons of sriracha but the broth was just not doing it for me.  I took a few sips/bites and I was done!  Finished up my beer and left quite unsatisfied.  Maybe it was just an off night or maybe because it was 3 in the morning?!!
For being a Pho place their pho wasn't all that great :( I could tell right away from the clear broth and strong smell of anise that I wasn't going to like it. I had to add tons of sriracha and hoisin sauce just to get some flavor in my broth. . . The taste of anise was still overpowering and I didn't care for it at all. We had fried egg rolls as well and those were good. The peanut dipping sauce however was ice cold :( . . One other thing I didn't like was the lack of meat combinations. There were only about 5 choices to choose from. I give this place a "meh"
We came here for lunch to give it a try. REGRET!  Absolute TERRIBLE service.  We were greeted by a hasty waiter who gave an angry disposition.  They gave us the menu and came back a minute later to take our orders. It would take me at least 5 to decipher their menu. . . In addition, one of my friends and I ordered similar pho but with slight differences in meat. One was large and the other was small.  After they brought out our food we started eating. 5 minutes later they came back to say that our bowls were mixed up.  For one thing, there is no noticeable differences between a large bowl and a small bowl. Well no use complaining about that anymore.. . The pho quality was somewhat substandard, salty, and lacked effort.  I know its Vegas, but there are many pho restaurants in the area and I've tried one a few blocks down Spring Mountain that actually has tasty well made broth.  This place did not give a lot of meat either.  . . I can only tell you that I am not coming back here.  It does look clean and all, but you will not be satisfied, just like the many visitors of Vegas who gave this place a try.
Out of all the pho places in Vegas, I actually really like the rare steak and the brisket in the pho.  Doesn't have much fat, the pieces are very clean.  I gotta give them credit.  Some other restaurants serve really bad pieces of meat that are almost inedible or have too much fat on them.  . . Why 2 stars?  Restaurants owners, please don't ask your staff to ask customers to leave once they get their check so other people can have the table.  This has happened a couple of times to me on Spring Mountain, I think it's pretty insane and pretty darn disrespectful.
ive been here twice and want to really like it, but always found it to be sub par.  sure, the food is cheap and its open whenever you need food, but its always mediocre at best and sometimes tastes kind of funky.
The pho's a bit pricey and they're very short on selection variety. And it's even worse because the size of the pho was tiny. I needed a magnifying glass to see it! Just kidding. But you get what I mean.. . It was edible and okay at the least,. . The wait's long and it's super crowded.. . Would I come back? Nah. I'll try the other pho places around Vegas, if I ever come back.
Pho wasnt all that great, but a great way to cure a hangover.... broth wasnt good and the waiters and waitresses forgot alotta things that we ordered.
I forgot why I hadn't visited in such a long time, but now I remember. Everything was so unmemorable. We visited one evening with a friend when our first choice in Chinatown had an hour wait. I should have trusted the instinct of not going to your last choice.. . We ordered the Salt and Pepper Calamari to start. The batter was strange and oily, but still pretty tasty with the chopped chilies, garlic, and etc. Plus, the dipping sauce was good. Ruben ordered the Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio (charbroiled pork and egg roll with rice vermicelli noodles). The pork was flavorful, but the dish as a whole was not very cohesive and bland. I ordered the Drunken Noodles with the Vegetarian option. I really like the flat, thick rice noodles and lots of fresh vegetables, so I was immediately drawn to this dish, however, it lacked in flavor and depth. A bit of Sriracha sauce saved it toward the end, but any great dish wouldn't have to rely on a table condiment. Our friend, Juan, ordered the Chicken Pad Thai and it was okay.. . Needless to say, I didn't enjoy the meal very much. The highlight was the Calamari and still, that was no where close to being the best calamari dish I've eaten. Obviously, I didn't try Pho and perhaps that may be something they do really well? I wouldn't count on it since everything else was so disappointing. Service was okay, no complaints. Anyway, there are so many other spots in town serving up better Thai food, Vietnamese food, and whatever else they're serving here and just steps away.
Not my favorite place for Pho. I think Panda Express has better fried rice and their was a bug in my egg roll sauce. Egg rolls were over fried. They may have a good location but I will definitely go somewhere else for Pho
Service isn't the greatest here. After just ordering from the server not even 1 minute ago, another server brought out a bowl of pho to our table. I told the server that we JUST ordered and he was like "yeah it comes out quick!" Umm no, the server we ordered from was still punching in the order on their POS.. . The boba in their drinks tends to be too hard/chewy, like it wasn't soaked long enough. The pho did not have that pungent aroma that I've experienced at other places, and the service the times I've been there have not been the greatest. The last time I went, the herbs/sprouts that came with the pho were not the freshest and even brown/wilting.. . Why come here? Convenience. And a bowl of pho in the wee hours tends to "hit the spot".
Came after 4 a.m. Place was full, service is standard issue, not great, not bad. Egg rolls and spring rolls are average. Ordered Large Pho with everything. Came out pretty quick, the bowl is not large enough for my standard. They skimped on the meats and organs...not happy. Broth is decent. Overall....average.
Our server barrel spoke English, which made ordering and asking about menu items difficult. We asked about the clay pot dishes, and all he could tell us was that it took 30 minutes to make and that we wouldn't like it. Jason HATES when people.. ahem me.. tell him he won't like it, and he would have ordered it but was too hungry to wait.. . Calamari: DELICIOUS! Definitely the highlight of the meal- garlic covered fried calamari. YUM!. Seafood Sizzler Platter: BLAND!!! This was one of the most expensive dishes on the menu, and I was so disappointed by how bland it was. There was more calamari than anything else (a bummer after we split a huge appetizer of calamari). I didn't finish the plate, and didn't bother taking it home. That says a lot. . Pork-Bowl Thing (Jason ordered it by photo): The pork was really good, but the rest of the bowl lacked creativity. He wasn't a fan of how much salad was in the bowl, and the sauce was bland. . . Upon leaving, I asked the server if they accepted AmEx, he told me yes so I left my card with Jason before I went to the restroom. When I came back, I was told that they don't accept American Express, just "regular cards". Huh? Again, language barrier. Frustrating.. . PROS:. Calamari was good. . CONS:. Language barrier. Service unhelpful. No checkup on how food was. Bland food. . All in all, I definitely won't be back
What a let down. This place looked promising when we arrived at 2am and there was still a wait.. . . Shrimp spring rolls: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=9sd-x39edTuwg0Fvz3hZhw&userid=rMRSt0r8q0AvpUllXgrH2w. Decent. The rice paper was fresh and super soft.. Dipping sauce was made with the right amount of peanut butter/hoisin sauce. Nothing amazing, but it was good.. . Vermicelli with charbroiled chicken and egg rolls: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=nzg_OREoJBP_6vMKY156AQ&userid=rMRSt0r8q0AvpUllXgrH2w. I'm going to be honest.. This was probably one of the worst vermicelli dishes I've ever had (and I've had this dish at many restaurants). The chicken lacked flavor.. It didn't have that Vietnamese "charbroiled" taste. And more importantly, the fish sauce was bland!! It didn't taste right.. almost as if it was watered down or they didn't make it correctly. I ate 1/4th of the bowl and ended up wasting the rest of it.. . My friends ordered the pho and porridge, and they also left more than half of their food because it just wasn't good. Maybe because we're spoiled with Viet food from Garden Grove? Who knows. Oh, and service here does not exist.. Typical for an Asian restaurant I guess. . . Note: The Yelp hours are wrong! They're open 24 hours.
I was in Vegas for vacation and EDC (Electric Daisy Carnival). On my last day, I was craving pho, so my cousin and I searched yelp for recommended Vietnamese restaurants in chinatown. I saw that there were mixed reviews here, but the overall rating was good, so we chose Pho Kim Long.. . When we got to the restaurant, there was a long wait, so I was anxious to try the pho, thinking it was going to be delicious. We finally got seated after 20 minutes, and the waitress assisted us right away. We ordered our food which was out in less than 10 minutes. I ordered a small bowl of pho and my cousin ordered a large bowl. My bowl had just about the same amount of noodles (a lot) his did, so that was strange. He ended up having to order extra noodles.. . Overall, the restaurant was beautiful, the service was great, but the pho was kind of bland. The pricing was very affordable and cheap, so it was worth it for hungry tourists.
If you say "Pho Kim Long" quickly, it does make me smile... did it make you smile?. . Anyway, this restaurant was a "pho kim long" (again, say it quickly) wait!!! Yeesh. Usually pho takes five min tops to get out but it took like 20 minutes! What's worse was, one's pho dish got here after 5 min of sitting, while everyone else's took 20 minutes. My poor friend wanted to be polite and wait for at least one other person to get their food... so that was not fun. Probably did not taste that great for her, either. I ordered the grilled chicken and rice dish and the chicken turned out super dry.. . We had a grumpy server who practically did not check up on us at all... man, it was a painfully long wait! I'd go to a different Vietnamese restaurant instead.. . Perhaps if you come here late at night (or early in the morning) it'd be better. esp since it's open 24 hours and you can prevent that hangover from clubbing all night!
Honestly, I LOVE eating here. I go here very often. But the last HANDFUL of times make me NOT want to come back EVER. On Mother's day I went there with 10 friends at night and, mind you, the servers and all were great.. when we went to pay for our checks, they let us split our check! They ALWAYS let us split our checks EVERYTIME I GO. . . The first time they didn't split my check was a couple months ago, it was my friend and her boyfriend, myself, and my boyfriend. We wanted to split the check in two. The man wouldn't let us do it! He said they never do which is an outright LIE. He kept walking around in his register area not listening to me so I got mad, but my friend paid for us all. . . The next time we went, it was myself and another two people, again, they let us split our checks.. . The time after that, it was myself, and four other people, and again they WOULD NOT split our checks. SAME GUY. Wish I remembered his name.. He just told us to pay some amount on our cards and pay that way but that he wouldn't ever split our checks.. . Personally, I love eating there, the servers are nice. But that ONE ASSHOLE at the register is so RUDE and refuses to even LISTEN to me when I try and speak calmly.
Got sat down quickly and had our orders taken. I asked for #90 and got #19. I waited and waited for our server to come back and he didn't after about 15 mins so I dealt with it and started eating my food. As I'm eating my sister points out a cockroach on the floor next to my feet, she tries to tell someone but they hesitated so she got up and killed it herself. We finally get the check to pay and still had not seen our server (didn't even bring our check) so we paid and left. The food is good but the service and atmosphere makes it difficult to want to come back. Two stars is for the food the cooks made!
Disappointing.  The bbq pork was off.  Veggies for the soup - no so fresh.  1st miss in a number of visits.
Pros:. 1. Pho was as expected. 2. The host was friendly and nice. . Cons:. 1. Slow service. 2. Price seems a little bit more expensive than the other pho places. 3. Bathroom was pummeled by random writings on the walls and mirror.. 4. Slow service
First off you need to take a cab from the strip to a strip mall some distance away, then you will need to wait in line for 30mts outside in the heat. When we walked they told us the AC was broke and they had some smalls fans set up on the floor. We ordered the Pho, they only have one size ... extra large bowl. The soup was kinda watered down and the meat was a little chewy and a ton of noodles. We went here only because someone from California recommended this place to us...
Pho at Kim Long is just average.  It is too salty and the portion is too little.  The staffs are OK, since most of them are spanish speaking.  Com Ga Roti or Chicken over rice is good.  The building kinda new since it is inside the new China town center but the bathroom is so stinky. I don't like it here the most is the tip issue.  They charge 18% for gratuity for the party of five automatically include in your bill, but after the bill came back to sign, they also asking for tip again.  This is tricky part and don't fall to it. If I ever come back to Las Vegas, I will not come to this place again.
Every time I'm in a asian restaurant, customer service is something I don't expect.  It almost goes hand in hand.  Asian restaurant = bad customer service.  . Pho Kim Long has bad customer service.  It's expected, so I won't dwell on it.. The first time I came, I was with a party of 5.  One of my buddies got a hot bowl with cold soup.  How that happens,  I can only imagine.. I tried the Pho, I asked for egg noodles and got rice noodles.  I then asked the waiter where my egg noodles were he replied with "Are you sure you ordered egg noodles?". . I was there just yesterday and I must say that the Pho isn't all that great.  I had pan fried noodles and I received a plate that was drenched in sauce.  When my pan fried noodles are drenched in sauce, there really isn't a point to order pan fried noodles.  . I've had the chicken teriyaki and it was okay.  Teriyaki Madness makes just as good of a chicken teriyaki as Pho Kim Long.. . I notice this place is voted best in Vegas, however it must be voted by non asian people as this restaurant is full of non asians and even the asians that review this place don't give it a good review.
Pho Kim?  It's more like Pho Kme!!  The tastes were either bland or overly seasoned. It was also greasy!  Very rare to have grease in Vietnamese food. Also the Pho broth was really tart and acidic.  Strange taste.
Boyfriend and I wasn't impressed . Pho was decent . But the bun bo hue was very bland. I also had ask for a hot tea Togo and the guy said they don't do Togo hot teas? How interesting
Sometimes you walk in and it smells funky. Sometimes you walk in and it kind of smells like pee.. . I come here for two reasons. One because someone I am at lunch with people who picked the place or two because I really, really want Pho and the people I am with are newbies to Pho and might not order Pho. Since, they offer other Asian eats, it is almost a win-win for everyone.. . With that being said, my service here is never consistent. Sometimes it is good, sometimes it is horrible. I will say it is consistent about one thing, it is NEVER great.. . I have had problems with getting my food on occasions. One time I ordered Pho and my friend ordered pad Thai. Well my Pho came right when she was done eating her pad Thai. Livid. I was going to send it back but because my friend treated me to lunch, I did not want to be rude.. . The Pho itself is not bad. It isn't great. It has a decent broth. It lacks in ingredients however, and just leaves me wanting more. More meat, more flavor, more something.. . But this place is always crowded, so maybe I am missing out on something.
I didn't like the Pho there. I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland. I also had the Bun Bo Hue. I like the side sauce that they gave but, without it, again it would taste very bland.
Food was ok, it came out fast & hot, only issue I had with that is that it all came out at different times. Service, ehhhhh not so much. Server forgot my husbands drink and by the time we saw him again to remind him my husband was already done with his dinner. The server was none too apologetic about it either. It seems like the staff there just wants to get you in and out. I too work in a restaurant and completely understand the need for quick turnovers however customer service needs to remain a top priority.. . O and on a side note....honeydew smoothie, coconut smoothie & Thai tea were amazing!
I love Pho. I love it a lot actually. It's my go to food any time I am feeling subpar. . . When I was released from the hospital and craving comfort and a quick start to my system I came her. It was 2 AM on a Wednesday and they were kind of busy. My friend and I were immediately sat and 2 seconds later water was being dropped off and a little lady came over to our table and took our order, I stated I needed a few minutes.. . We ordered spring rolls and two differnt kinds of pho, beef and vegan.. . The food came out quickly. The spring rolls seemed as if they had been sitting around because they were all different colors and some of the innards of the roll were mushy. The peanut sauce was also a little off.. . Our pho came out a few minutes later. (The food came out so quickly) My pho was okay, but not great. Definitely disappointed. . . Although it satiated my Pho-fix. It wasn't that good. I wasn't impressed. I don't get what the hype is about... I personally think it's the tongue-in-cheek, punny name sake.. . Pho Long, I will not be back. I can make my own punnies too.
This place was voted the best Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas.  I do not agree.  Food is decent, but not nearly the best.. . Best thing about this place is that they are open 24 hours!  That's awesome!  We made it here at about 10pm on a weekday.  It is not a little place, but we still had to wait about 20 minutes before we could be seated.. . Only 1 person in our party of 8 was happy with their order.  Those are not good odds.  Maybe we expected too much because they were voted best in Las Vegas.  Maybe the rest of us ordered the worst things on the menu?  It is a very large menu with so many choices.  My wife ordered Pho and was disappointed.  I ordered a Roasted Chicken with rice dish, and the chicken tasted bland.. . Well, 7 out of 8 of us will not return here anytime soon.  There are much better options in Las Vegas.
K maybe I didn't try the pho which they are known for, but I felt that their goi cuon (AKA spring rolls) were meh. The rolls didn't taste particularly fresh, as evidenced by their semi-crunchy rice wrap. The peanut dip was peanutty, but nothing special. I think they get plus points for their late night hours and drunkies craving a bowl of hot noodles. Only in Vegas...
This used to be the go-to spot every time after an eventful night of clubbing and drinking. They're open 24/7 which is why they're popular. They are on the snooty side because they know they get more business than the surrounding Pho restaurants. That means the customer service sucks and they don't really care if they get your business or not. Plus, they stopped serving tripe. Enough said.
I had this pho a couple years ago and it is not the same anymore. I was a little scared when this place is a 24 hour restaurant. It is a great idea for vegas, but not for a consistent flavor of pho soup. . . The service is ok like any other pho place. The server would come to our table when we just sat down and wait until we decide. . . The pho does not have a clear sweet broth with a full load of complex spiced flavor. There was a cloudiness to the soup. The bo vien (meatball) has a consistency of an Italian meatball but it has no flavor at  all. Usually the bo vien has a bounciness when I bite into it. The brisket and rare flank tasted fine. . . The vermicelli w/ grilled pork and egg roll was not the best I've tasted. However if I was craving for this after all the buffet I went to, this will do. .       --The grilled pork is lean and nicely charred, but not too mind-blowing of a flavor. .        It's missing the sweet crusted part of the pork. The egg.       --The egg roll were nice and crispy. The stuffing inside was smushy. I couldn't .        the meat, veggies, or vermicelli.
Sat down for 3-4 minutes at our table and was reafy to order. The maitre was nearby so we called for her to get someone to take our order. She harshly says, "You need to wait five minutes to order", and then walks off.. . I found it extremely disrespectful, especially with her tone. I've never heard of this order wait period unless someone can confirm it for me.. . The food overall is great and comes in on time.
