Another review from someone that hasn't been impressed. I'm currently sitting in my room at the Excalibur (which actually has great strip views, I must admit), typing this review from my "free", yet wired, high speed internet access that I paid $9.95 a day for (note, the rate has been raised to $12.95 for all new check-ins, we just happened to reserve when the rate was lower back in October). If I'm going to be paying for it, I might as well use it, right?. . Staying here out of a need to save money, rather than a desire, I wasn't really expecting much from the hotel overall, and my expectations have been met head-on. The room is of a fine size, and I believe we have one of the "recently remodeled" options as the furniture seems new, or at least well taken care of. However, our King size bed is really hard, and I find it hard to sleep all the way through the night without readjusting because my back hurts.. . The water pressure is lackluster at best, and the electrical outlet on my bed-side table (built into the bottom of the table lamp) doesn't function.. . If you've never been to Vegas, and especially the Excalibur (I've at least walked through a few of the major casinos at this point), be prepared to be hounded endlessly (again, moreso here than anywhere else I've been) by the hotel staff who will try to sell you show tickets, or try to get you to listen to presentations about time-shares (read: scams) that they will sucker you into. You have to be 25 to participate - either ignore them entirely, or, if you get stuck, tell them you're underage or are leaving that day. You can't very well go to a show if they think you're about to hop on a plane.. . All in all, you get what you pay for and this is no exception. Know what you're going into before you get here, and you can save yourself a lot of frustration. This isn't a 5-star hotel, but if you're looking to save money, at least the hotel functions well-enough for that end.
Ended up staying here as my original vacation date changed due to work.  Well, you get what you pay for.  While the hotel really wasn't for me, I suppose if your trying to do Vegas on the cheap, this is a great option.  Just expect hard beds, outdated decor and slim options for dining.  The casino is large though.  . . The good - I had a great view of the strip on one of the higher floors. Good drinks on the casino floor. Everything is in walking distance. . . The 'not so good' - No (decent) shopping in the hotel, (the aforementioned regarding the beds, decor and dining) and no elevator/floor security.. . Excalibur needs a LOT of updating in order to compare to the true 'resort style' hotels in Vegas or it may not be around to much longer.
5 years ago I stayed in this hotel for my very first Vegas trip and didnt think too much of it. Fast forward 5 years and it is still the dump that I remember it to be!. . I decided to stay here for New Years weekend cause me and my buddies didn't want to pay an arm and a leg just for hotel. So we managed to scope out a deal for $100/person for a Thurs-Mon stay. The price couldn't be beat since New Years is one of the biggest weekends of the year.. . Besides the low price, there's nothing really special about the hotel. It feels old, has an odd stench, and half the rooms aren't remodeled. My room had an old tube tv in which only half the channels had sound. Cmon now, its 2011, please upgrade your TVs!. . They charge a resort fee of $9.95 + tax i believe for newspaper and internet? I'm not sure since I didn't use anything associated w/ the fee. Just another way for the hotels to take your dollars away. . . It is what you pay for, if you don't care about the hotel itself and just need a room, Excalibur will do the trick. Just don't expect anything else.
This casino is my least favorite casino; however I have attended the show the Tournement of Kings and enjoyed the food and the entertainment. The waitstaff however were completely overwhelmed with people and performed poorly to refill drink beverages and tended to the VIP guests whom received salads and fancy desserts. The outside of the casino is dingy looking and when I arrived in the casino it smelled like old dirty shoes. I had to have my sanitizer ready because I was afraid to touch anything.
To put it bluntly, I wasn't expecting much so it could have been a lot worse but  I was still left with a strong desire to never, ever stay here again as long as I can help it. . . Yes, it is one of the cheaper hotels on the strip and you could certainly do a lot worse, but I had no idea that this place had gone downhill this bad. Most of the character has been stripped out of the decor and theme, so all you're left with isa dirty feeling everytime you walk into the place. I know this place is now 21 years old so it's seen better days, but other Vegas hotels are as old or older and still look fairly new. MGM either needs to step-up the renovations or demolish and start-over.. . In the casino, the smoke is awful and the deodorizer they use to try to minimize it just makes things worse. Better ventilation is definitely needed in this place. . . The hotel room was decent enough, we were "upgraded" to a Widescreen Room in Tower II which is apparently "recently renovated." Some of the decor looked fairly old, but the room was clean enough for the most part I guess. Wired High-speed internet (which is part of their now mandatory $12.50/night resort fee) worked well, although I would have preferred some sort of Wi-Fi. . . Best part of staying at the Excalibur is that you can look out the window and see all of the much better hotels you could be staying at, what a treat! Next time we'll book something on the north end of the strip, which is much closer to where the action is. . . Avoid Excalibur if you can help it, as I'm sure you could find something better and not necessarily break the bank.
My stay had some terrible disasters, despite upgrading to one of their highest level of rooms (broken toilet, flooding shower, then a new room with noisey turbines outside the window and a TV that I had to rewire myself), but at least there were no bed bugs.  They did refund some of my payment, which is why they earned 2 stars.  I won't be going back though.  The air was also pretty bad inside...other casinos had much better air quality.
It is old but for the price it's a good location. However I will never stay there or the Luxor (same company)  because of the time share people. They will chase you down every single time you walk through the lobby!  They have 2 people at every entrance!  Very annoying!
Stayed here during my first time in Vegas. Got a pretty good deal online. The room we got was part of the newly renovated section of the hotel. It was in Tower 2 facing New York New York and had a gorgeous view of the strip. It was spacious including the bathroom (no tub) and there was easy access to the elevator and the side of the parking lot where we parked. Going in and out was no problem. I just didn't like the overall ambience. It was very dark and gloomy (my pet peeves) and you immediately smell carpet cleaning solution as soon as you walk in. Plus, there are people by the entrance selling time-shares and they are targeting couples. Don't be fooled! My boyfriend and I were very annoyed by them. We learned not to walk in holding hands. The whole medieval theme seems to be half-a**ed. Now that I am more familiar with Vegas, I think I will try another hotel next time...
Another casino that hasn't aged well, this is not one of my favorite places in Vegas.  I only come here when friends force me to meet them here when they visit.  The most recent visit reminded me why I don't like this place:. . - It feels dirty.  I'm not going to say it's a dirty place, but it feels like it.....you know how a place looks/feels when it hasn't been taken care of well?. . - The customers.  Many of the customers were rude and had a lot of attitude....this isn't the streets.. . The only thing I enjoy about the Excalibur is the Tournament of Kings Dinner/Show.  It's a little entertaining and the food is OK.....it's the only thing that kept me from giving the Excalibur 1 Star.. . Return Factor - 17%
Meh is the best way to put it. . . My review is based on the general areas like the casino and eateries. The place is nothing special. It looks cool from the outside, who doesn't like big castles? The gaming floor is pretty big but it's just like every other Strip hotel. Nothing crazy that makes me want to stick around.. . The people there are not very friendly so that knocks off a star. I don't think I'll return.
it's not quite what i'm used to when i'm in vegas, but we were on a budget vegas trip (coupled with 175 bucks in airfare roundtrip for two!), so the excalibur fit the bill. the first floor stinks and the elevators are slow, but what can you expect for one of the cheaper hotels on the strip? it's better than staying off the strip but sometimes, it's just worth it to plop down some cash to stay somewhere nicer.
I stayed at the Excalibur the last time I was in Vegas because I was meeting friends and this is where they chose to stay. Ugh. I do not know what is wrong with them. This hotel/casino is not cool. It was very expensive (160$ a night... what?) and the first room we went into smelled like someone poured water all over the floor and let mold grow for a few weeks. After over an hour, they gave us another room which was fine, but still overpriced. The casino is in a bad location, so far from the central strip. Who wants to go to New york New york? cuz that's about the only place that is close to this hotel, oh and the MGM. All of the food in this casino is bad. Overall, I was not happy that we had to stay at this hotel. Never again.
Let's be honest...No one was expecting 4 stars here.. . The Excalibur is exactly what I suspected - an aged hotel, that would have been awesome if it were 1980-something, like when it premiered.. . While the room was mostly clean and the casino was overly smokey. I did enjoy the $1 Jello Shots you could get at almost any bar in the hotel, as well as the random wax stain on the carpet of our room the spured multiple and imaginative drunken conversations of how, who and when it happened.. . Would I stay again? No...for $50 more you could stay at the MGM which is leaps and bounds better, AND if you wanna do some old timey Vegas action stay at the aging Tropicana or Flamingo and do it right.
You know the saying, "you get what you paid for" - Well this hotel is the definite meaning of that.  I'll admit the price was cheap but the quality of the hotel definitely matched the price.  When we arrived and checked in, we had a reservation for a king size bed and they told us that they don't have anymore king size beds available and would we consider a double queen size bed room which ended up being a queen/full size bed - smallest queen size I ever slept on - I mean c'mon! What was the point of calling it a reservation when it wasn't even reserved for us in the beginning.  Well we eventually got our king size bed the next day, but still it was bad business.  We also noticed the type of people that stayed at these hotels were super ghetto! It was like Compton, East LA, with Rednecks sprinkled around the place all in one...kinda felt like prison :\. Over all I will not be staying here again unless some serious re-modeling has been done to make this place appealing to the eye.
Just got back from Las Vegas and a stay at this place.  Our room was in tower one so that is what I am going to rate.  Basically this was a MOTEL 6.  The room had a old smell to it.  The bathroom was a disaster.  The shower head was old and needed to be replaced.  I hope the renovated rooms are better.  If you go, ask for a recently renovated room if there is one.  The carpet is the old green hotel carpet and it was in need of cleaning.  I will not be staying at this hotel in the future.
I stayed here for an entire week for business in July 2010.  I had no other choice, I was told to stay here.  It wasn't my first choice, nor my second, nor my third (you get the idea).  Excalibur didn't disappoint my low expectations.  The casino seems dark, smokey, and old.  The general crowd looks sketchy and trashy, it must have been a used care salesman conventiongoing on.  The food options were terrible, with the exception of a Baja Fresh, but who goes to Vegas to eat at Baja Fresh?  I upgraded my room, which brought me on par with a Super 8 and no bathtub.  Th pool area was okay, nothing special.  The two small slight positives (hint the second star rating), was its great location on the Strip and the price.  My recommendation...save some extra bling or shorten your trip by a day or two and stay somewhere else...anywhere.
Really the only good thing was the view, because I did an upgrade. Other than that, parking there is horrible, the hallways and elevator smell like musk and crap, which were also lined with the same used drinks for the 2 days we were there. Instead of looking for my room number, I looked for the half empty vodka cranberry in front of it. Oh, and the old dirty sheets (with blood) were just laying in the room from the maids when we first arrived. Never Again!!!
It was way overpriced and perhaps it was due to the spring break season. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The air quality in the rooms could be improved. For some reason it always felt muggy in the room even with the air on. The bathrooms are large and spacious which is great especially when sharing with other ladies. . . I loved that we could access the Luxor via the indoor walkway. The late night hours of Krispy Kreme were also greatly appreciated. In terms of food options, donuts were the only thing I tried. Most of their options include fast food options and more family friendly places. The Champagne Brunch Buffet was decent for the price but we waited an extremely long time to get seated. . . After a long night on the town I wanted to rest and recover but as soon as I laid down all I could hear was the club music booming from outside. The hallways and windows are not fully sound proof. I'm not eager to return to this hotel.
It was not like I remembered, this used to be such a nice place to go. Not that it's totally bad but I was shocked to find the glass entry doors covered covered with crap, trash all over the place and customer service in some of the food service areas non-existent. The rooms were nice and quite comfortable. I think I will stay elsewhere next time I am there.
Yes it's cheap but that's because it sucks. . . I've only been to Vegas twice and one time I made the mistake of going cheap and staying here. From the outside the hotel looks like King Arthur and Andy Warhol had a baby and fed that baby Gerber shrooms. Its a super colorful and ugly castle. If you're five you might think it looks cool, but Vegas was not meant for five year olds.. . The inside isn't much better. The decor isn't very nice and the place is in drastic need of some cleaning. I took a souvenir home with me, a piece of the railing (the end decorative piece) had fallen off and I picked it up, couldn't find anyone to give it to and put it in my jacket pocket to find someone later. I forgot about until I opened up my suitcase when I got home. I feel like pieces of the railing shouldn't be falling off.... . The casino is not great. You should probably head to another casino if you want to do some gambling. The arcade is awful. I went there with my gf at the time to kill time the day we were leaving (I was 21 but she was only 20 at the time so we couldn't do too much). It was basically falling apart and most of the games were awful. I won her a stuffed dog at the water shooting horse race game. The dog had a hole in it and was missing whiskers. When I asked for another one the lady gave me attitude but finally handed it over. Thankfully this one was in better shape.. . The rooms are pretty standard. Nothing special. Two nights in a row a fire alarm went off waking us up and kind of freaking us out. After the first one I just thought whatever. When it happened again the next night I was pretty annoyed and called the front desk the next morning. They told me they'd comp me a night. When I got my credit card statement I found out they didn't. That sucked. . . Of course if you're in Vegas you won't be spending too much time in the room, so if all you want is a place to put your bags then this is a pretty good option. But it's also pretty far off the center of the strip so it can be a trek to get most places.
I was in Las Vegas for a conference last week and they had a block of rooms at the Excalibur for $69. Pretty cheap. . . I stayed Sun and Monday night... probably 2 of the slowest days in Las Vegas. Everything seems to smell like smoke. Lines to check in AND check out were long. The rooms are "ok", but the carpets look like they need to be ripped up and replaced.... they were pretty gross. The hallways seem to be a little newer than the rooms. The furnitureis very dated, but they do have big flat screen tvs. I would definitely suggest bringing slippers to wear around your room and/or flip flops to wear in the shower. . . The service was ok. The people working at the desk were polite. The concierge desk was a little rude. Also, I called for a wake-up call and they never called me. . . I defintely would not go back to the Excalibur. I'd rather pay more money for a better experience.
I wanted to give the recently remodeled rooms a try.. . The room itself was pretty good.  The housekeeping did not clean the first day and we had to call, the next day they came really late (around 4PM or so).  The floor was dirty back by the table.  When you turned the water on, the water went everywhere because of the sink. . . At checkout the self-checkout, which was near the elevators were down so we had to go the lobby :( and wait.. . I will try a different hotel on the strip the next time.
My partner and I arrived in Las Vegas for a conference in February with a reservation for the Excalibur. The lure for this decision was the outstanding rate as well as the hotel's proximity to City Center (where our daily meetings were held). This hotel has very mixed reviews, so my expectations were minimal/ hopeful. Please note that the daily resort fee includes WIRED internet in the room.. . IF YOU ARE TAKING A CAB from the airport, remind the driver NOT to take the tunnel. TWICE THE FARE that route.. The check-in line moved quickly. We elected not to pay for an upgrade so were assigned to a standard room with 2 queens in tower 1, facing the Luxor. I suggest asking for a higher floor when offered to avoid a dismal rooftop view.. . I have walked through this casino and shopping area many times when visiting Las Vegas and have never been impressed with the feeble attempt at a castle theme. This stay proved that to be the case in the hotel areas as well. However decorated, I found the room comfortable and clean upon arrival. I was impressed that we could open the window a full four inches to allow fresh air in the space. . . The beds were comfortable with extra pillows in the closet. The bathroom vanity area was plenty wide enough for two women to share. Although not promised, this standard room included a large flatscreen television. If you want daily housekeeping, make sure to remove your do not disturb sign because they wont double back unless you call.. . The pool was OPEN in this winter season. The area includes four separate pools that provide some seclusion from one another. Only one pool was open, but several hot tubs were available. It was a relaxing break from the conference. Please note that the pool hours are very limited, with closing time at 5:00 pm.. . I did not try much dining at this hotel other than breakfast one morning in the Sherwood Cafe. Service was prompt, and the 3-egg omelett breakfast was enough for us to share. I met some very nice people working at the various hotel shops.. . This hotel was adequate for our stay. If you are a traveler seeking Vegas luxury, I suggest booking elsewhere.. . TIP: If you like nightclubs and are traveling without men, you can find club promoters inside of NYNY and LUXOR giving out wristbands for free admission and drink specials.
Yeah, if you want to stay on the strip and be close to a lot of things - this is it. The castle-themed room decor was clever 20 years ago. It's outdated today, but you're not going to spend a lot of time in the room anyway. There's no wireless wifi; you'll have to plug in (but it's free). Plan ahead if you are on an upper floor because the elevators are  S O    S L O W   and you will wait in long lines just to get close to the elevator doors. At checkout time, we had 4 elevators stop on our floor (all full) so we finally just gave up and walked down the stairs. Fortunately we were on 5 so we didn't have to go too far. The floor was quiet even though there were some gang bangers raising a ruckus around 3 a.m.  But then again, you don't come here to mingle with classy people, right? It's Vegas on a budget, duh.
I know exactly how to spruce the old castle up...a controlled demolition.  Time to bring the old girl down and start over.  This place is rotted to the core.  The "upgraded" rooms feature faded old plasma screens that pre date HDMI plugs and seem to display images in grey scale.  The carpets are a mosaic of stains, the buffet is a flesh eating bacteria breeding ground, and the live lounge entertainment is...is...well, I don't know what to make of them.. . The price is right for the dump that it is.  That earns them an extra star.  If you stay here, plan on being out most of the time and it may work for you.
I stayed at Excalibur long ago as a teen and re-visited on a work trip. I had thought after so many years that they would have upgraded & remodeled. . . Upon entry to the hotel, I was stopped and asked if I wanted to go visit their new timeshare resort. It was quite a long sell and annoying as all I wanted to do was check-in. . . I found the check-in counters & it was quite confusing. The signage in the hotel is not so great and so I got turned around trying to find my way to my room. . . My room was average with two queen beds. There was no wifi in the hotel which is disappointing as I wasn't able to use multiple devices and had to actually hard-wire in. . . The rate was fair and I knew to not expect too much but the maid kept coming by and trying to enter my room to clean. I tried explaining to her I just checked in and it was a bit late to be cleaning (after 1pm) and she kept trying to come back and enter. It was a bit strange.
I went to Vegas for my birthday and we decided to spend as little as possible on hotel accommodations (but still on the LV strip). And using all those travel websites and deals, we came up with Excalibur, which by the was still not that cheap, but it was a weekend, so prices tend to be higher then.. . So up on arrival, things were okay. Free valet is standard at Vegas hotels, so that was good. Once we checked in and went to our room, I was in for a surprise. When I was a kid, I thought Excalibur was the BIGGEST and BESTEST hotel a kid can dream of. Not so much. There was no central air. The rooms were standard size but it seemed kind of musty. One of the handles on the drawers were broken so the hotel staff replaced it with a wire hanger. The ambiance was just not cool. But I guess you get what you pay for. We did end up spending more money on food an  entertainment so I guess it worked out.. . But, I don't think I can stay here again.
I thought that I scored a deal when I booked one night at Excalibur for $45 but it was a wake up for me when my hotel had a view of a brick wall and when I asked for another room; I was told that I would need to pay more. When I check-out I was told that I would need to pay $15 service fee which made me even more angry.  I did checked in earlier and the parking was free, free wi-fi but no refrigerator in the room. It was fine for one night but I will not stay there again.
Moving Review from old Account] . . Excalibur Hotel. Categories:Hotels,Casinos. Neighborhood: The Strip. 5/29/2011. This place was so so. Our room had some trash left in it from a guest before. Gross. I think you can find better for this price. It really isn't much. They also have some people who try to get you "free tickets" which in the end, you end up committing 2-3 hours of your morning for and paying 40$ back. Don't like being hustled in the first 10 minutes of checking in. We get charge the $15 when you get there and the internet sucked ass. Very disappointed.
Yes i have experienced better =( . I stayed at like motels 6 and marriott (wich is not bad hotels but u would think being on the strip it be atleast 4 stars or 3) the room decor is awful but who cares, the bed are comfy and their pillows are supper great im thinking of stealing one thats how sick they are. ok so this was my downer in this economy whenever we travel i bring snacks and mt daughter who is 2 drinks milk so i bring stuff that needs to be refrigerated and WTF no fridge!!!! wat!!!!! no coffee machine!!!! no microwave!!!!!! i paid $55 buck at like marriots and they are all equipped with stuff like this!!! good thing we had a cooler of our own. i paid $80 buck plus tax wtf step it up a notch. their pool was ok it was kid friendly so im giving them a star and a half for that and hal of one for the pillows =)
For the money, the room was better than I was expecting after having seen Imperial Palace's rooms for only a few dollars less. The bed was comfy, the tv was nice, overall very clean. The pool was nicely renovated, although, there are many better to be found. The hotel overall looked tired, but not worthy of being demolished.   . . Excalibur certaily falls short when it comes to service. The entire time of our stay ( a holiday weekend) only one elevator was working for our entire tower's side. Then, one evening, no elevators were working and everyone was forced to climb as many as 8 flights of stairs. To me, that's unacceptable, regardless of how cheap the rooms are. Charge more and fix your equipment or offer some sort of compesation for asking so much from your guests. I know when I book a hotel I am not expecting to be climbing stairs to my accomodations. The front desk was less than interested in offering a solution to this issue. . . My adivice. forget Excalibur and go to the Flamingo for about the same price and btter everything. I wish harrah's hotels offered the packages like MGM does!
To be honest, I would just stay away..  The " revamp" rooms were still sub-par, and I don't mean sub-par with a nicer hotel, I mean sub-par with a motel. . To start the service I received was good all around, from the cabana servers, to the check in staff. Everyone that we encountered was very helpful and kind, which is a nice plus in a hotel. I love when I am valued by the place I give my money.  Unfortunately that is where the good ends.. . On to the rooms, which is were the majority of this two star rating is coming from.  They were new 'remodeled' rooms, yet our pillows were stained, our comforter had a burn mark(in a smoking free room), and the comforter also had nail polish on it. The beds were also rock hard, in the 4 nights I was there I didn't get a decent night sleep at all. Overall the room felt dirty. The shower also had extremely low water pressure and backed up every night, despite maintenance coming to our room. . . The pool was decent. There were 4 different pools and one was an 18+ pool, which I do think is a nice touch, yet they were just pools. No bells and whistles like other hotels. . . Also beware there are tons of kids at this hotel, and many unsupervised. Me and a few friends were heading out the the pool one morning, we were on the 21st floor and got in an elevator with two boys, who seemed maybe about 11ish and they had pushed every button on the way down. So we stopped on every floor from the 21st, on. . . I will never stay here again.
Man has vegas changed! The standard tower room is where we stayed since we didn't think we'd be in the room much. For the price (which I got at a STEAL) it wasn't bad. But, we had a view of the brick wall of a tower. The pillows were over stuffed. NO tub was a huge turn off for me. I've stayed at 2 star hotels that had better accommodations. Not cool. I won't be back.
After many years of wondering, wonder no more. This place is definitely showing its age. Our room was clean, but the furniture was in need of replacement. Very quiet, A/C was great, but not impressed. No coffee maker either. In desperate need of upgrades. Oh, yeah, NO BATH TUB. WTF!!!!!
This hotel is kind of a mixed bag.  The key attributes it has going for it are low room rates, decent rooms, and all of the desirable amenities included under a very low daily resort fee.  The problem is that the staff are not very friendly or accommodating at this hotel, and there is not much cleaning up after the less than considerate guests who jump on those low room rates for a stay in Vegas.  Sigh.  . . I would say I was pretty happy with the quality of my bed.  The room itself had no circulation though, and the air conditioner worked so efficiently that after five minutes of turning it on, it felt like a tundra.  There was no way to sleep through the night without shivering or waking up with a dry throat.  There was no balance at all.  The resort fee included free high speed internet which had a fairly good download speed.  It also includes a free daily paper, but don't expect them to deliver it to your door.  You have to go downstairs and ask for it, show ID, and maybe even be given a dirty look to get it.  The fitness center was beautiful with a wonderful range of current machines allowing me to do a full cardio/strength training workout.  Unfortunately the staff at the fitness center were not just unfriendly but rather rude (accusing me of not wearing shoes when I was for example and then having to show them my Brooks running shoes on my feet).  Also, the narrow hours that the fitness center was open (they close at 8pm) made it difficult to use.  The resort fee also includes phone calls, but they don't advertise that either; you just figure it out for yourself after a few days.  Security was pretty tight at the hotel in a way that it is not at the nearby Paris for example.  This went beyond looking out for the welfare of the guests to the point of being annoying.  . . If only they showed the same zeal in keeping their common spaces tidy.  There is nothing more disgusting than walking into an elevator to your room and seeing it littered with spent cups and napkins.  Gross.  My recommendation, stay elsewhere.  At this price point, the Luxor is a much better deal.
I stayed here two weeks ago with three friends and we figured that we would stay somewhere cheap and spend on other items: food, drinks, clubs, etc. It's Vegas. Who stays in the room anyway? . . The bathroom and shower were shockingly large and the bed was actually one of the more comfortable hotel beds I've slept on. Not kidding. . . The pool was decent and if it weren't for the fact that I, in true scatterbrained fashion, left my bikini at home...then I would have enjoyed the pool and the pretty people it showcased much more. . . The BEAUTIFUL view our room had of a brick wall, however, was not ideal. Nor was the general quality/smell/atmosphere of this hotel. . . Moral of this monologue: you get what you pay for.
This hotel is not one I would recommend if you were coming with someone you wanted to impress; rather it is a hotel I would recommend if you were coming out with some buddies and just need crash space. The indoor layout of the casino is labyrinthine and confusing. There is a more-prominent-than-usual smoky smell. The parking is alright when you can find it. . . However this hotel is on the cool side of the strip-very close to NYNY,  MGM, and the Gameworks/food court area. Location is very important when you are in a drunken haze and need to stumble back!. . The rooms are once again, fine if you are just in vegas to party or relax, but not of the caliber you would want if you were taking a girl (or guy) here with romantic intentions. The beds are fine and well enough to fall on after an exhausting day of drinking and walking and cussing at slot machines. The bathrooms are really nice though, a strange contrast to the room itself. . . Overall I'd come here again for maybe a quick weekend trip with my bros to club or whatever. Special note: They have an arcade with an Orange Julius in the downstairs section, it's pretty cool.
"Meh. I've experienced better" is exactly how I feel about this motel. Sure it's on the strip but even then, you can find better deals that will lower hotel rooms even if they are on the strip.. . Staying here, the room is dark and feels dirty, kinda like a motel room =/.. Look around, you can find a lot better =)
Kinda wonky... dirty carpet and garish castle. Kinda motel-ish more than a hotel and I stayed pre recession so it wasn't cheap...
let me make this short and sweet. #1 Stay in Tower 2 (remodeled/upgraded rooms). I stayed in Tower 1 a few months ago and the elevators were dirty. The floors had rooms crammed with people. The room was dirty and had pubic hair on the floor. My boyfriend found a pair of shoes that didn't belong to us on the 3rd night we were there (strange and still unexplained!!). It seemed like they only made the bed. Tower 2 is worth the extra $$- you also get a sweet view of the pool. Our Tower 1 room had a view of the monorail. Actually we were on such a low floor the monorail went right past our room allowing no privacy!! The pools are nice and I've also used the spa service which was excellent. If you stay here you have to eat at Dick's Last Resort.  There is a decent food court upstairs and some other eateries close by.
Nice beds and pillows, otherwise it's a dump!  Ants in bathroom!
You get what you pay for. In this case, perhaps a bit less. Unless you're interested in deeply smoke-filled casino areas. I experienced much better ventilation in all the 10 or so casinos I stepped foot in during my 4 night stay.  Also, the hotel room's toilet flushed extremely slow. Even Imperial Palace had power-assisted toilets. The food variety at the various restaurants in-house were dull, and the buffet was no better than a Hometown Buffet (not a compliment for those that like that place). Unfortunately, convenience played the key part in why I chose one of either McD's, Pizza Ht Xpress, Quiznoz, Krspy Kreme, or Round Table Buffet. 20 yrs old facility going on 50. At least my inspection of bed bugs came up clean. Oh, didn't mention the $15/night Resort Fee for I believe the pool/spa use, and the WIRED internet (no wireless available) both of which I didn't use. Who can really enjoy a pool that lacked trees or shade. Tropicana had a better environment for their pool area. I barely spent 5-6 per day in the room, but next time I'll still pay $50-100 more for a trip if it keeps me out of the Excal.
Excalibur did not live up to expectation. I know that this place is more on the affordable side of Vegas's hotel scene but didn't know it would be that bad. The air quality is definitely not as good, because it was as if somebody smoked right in front of me. However, the reason I could only give two stars was mostly because of the mediocre lunch and dinner buffet I ate here. I couldn't remember clearly, but it was somewhere around $15 for lunch and more for dinner, but the quality of food was 'left-over' kind. Nothing was hot and sizzling as they should be, and really bare minimum variety. Dinner was nothing spectacular. If you tried to have second plates then you might be filled up quicker to leave. However, I did like their seating areas, very roomy and quite nice.. The room was dark and gave out a "haunted" feelings. I don't know why, it just felt that way. Bathroom was fairly clean, but fan didn't work too well. The AC was thunder loud, but if you were really drunk, then you would have no problem like me.. My review might sound like a heartless snotty b****  but I came to Vegas and I expected more, especially with the price I paid.
The Super 8 of the Strip. If you are looking for a cheap place, with good location, then here you go.  Just don't expect too much.
I just stayed here this past weekend for my friend's wedding.. The only reason the hotel got a 2 stars is a) I have to remember that I get what I pay for and b) we had a great view out our hotel room.. The smell in the lobby/casino floor is of stale cigarettes and old nasty carpets. Sure, I can get over that and hustle up to my room, but being "welcomed" by the scent is awful. The front desk were okay, quick but snarky, and were talking about other guests who were standing just down the counter from them, calling them names and complaining about them being high maintenance. Not classy, even if you are a cheaper hotel.. The bedroom was nice, simple -- I upgraded to a Widescreen room (I would recommend the upgrade...only $30 or so). However, our shampoo/conditioner and body wash bottles were only 3/4 full, and there was no comforter on the bed...just three sheets. I excused it thinking, "Ya, it's hot in Vegas" but really, it's just cheap. . The view outside our hotel was lovely, out over the pool and to the mountains, and the location of the hotel on the tram line between the Excalibur and Mandalay Bay was convenient.. The coup de grace of disgusting however was when my boyfriend found mouse droppings when unpacking after our trip. Definitely not there when we traveled to Excalibur.... Take your money elsewhere is the moral of this review.
Yea..... I have not been to Excalibur since I was a kid and will probably be awhile until I visit again.. . Excalibur was definitely one of the best as a kid.  To kids, medieval anything was cool (at least to me haha).  Knights, dragons, princesses, and wizards are all images I conjure up when I think of Excalibur.. . However, stayed here with a group of friends recently and man... the magic of this place is gone.  The water "moat" at the front is dry now.  It definitely shows its age and the crowd... is less family and more... odd.  With cheap prices, Excalibur now attracts the weird.. odd crowds and there's a lot of them.  Perfect example being this old dude with super long hair just spitting on to the carpet on the casino floor.  Nasty.  The whole place just feels... dirty.. . The midway games are still there but price has gone up per play so Circus Circus is still the best. .  . As for the rooms... old old old.  TV still the old school tubes, dark lighting, and beds creaks.  They were better than the low end hotels on the strip but it's due for a change.  In fact, the whole room needs to be spiffed up a bit, but I can understand why Excalibur/MGM would not care since now Excalibur markets toward to cost-conscious crowd.. . If I decided to go on a spontaneous one day trip to LV, then maybe I'll think of Excalibur.
It was tough to beat Excalibur's prices, but it was also tough to get the funky smell out of our room.. . Excalibur is great for those on a tight budget or maybe those who plan to use the room to sleep for a few hours and then head out elsewhere to party.  . . Decent casino area, nothing really special.  The Sportsbook was a little smaller than most, but had comfortable seating.  Didn't go in the pool, but from what I can see, it looked a little small, and somewhat basic, except for a cool looking slide. Also has some lower priced dining options.  . . Of course the rooms are pretty basic, but passable.  Popcorn ceilings and worn carpet show its age.  But then again, upgrades make the room price go up.  . . Excalibur may be up your alley if you're really looking for price and must be on the strip.
So........ . Every hotel/Casino in Vegas has a theme. Along with that theme is the "crowd" it tries to attract.  What was Excalibur's?. . As soon as you walk in (from the Tropicana side walkway, there is Dick's last resort on the right.  Depending on the time, you might catch a gogo dancer across the way at the bar.  And on your left, is a statue of sponge bob and signs towards the arcade. . . It's like Circus Circus meets the Golden Nugget meets Tao. . I do love that they have $5 black jack, but so do a few other casinos.
The excalibur has some good points. The price was right. The location is great.The in-house McDonalds has a dollar menu. The room was comfortable and quiet.  Its true the decor is tacky, but if you are offended by tackyness Vegas isn't for you. . . The Excalibur has a major con: it is way too smokey. We never spent much time (or money) here because our lungs ached from the smoke. . . Stay here for the cheap room, but not much else. On our next trip to Vegas I think we'll pay a $100 more and breathe comfortably.
One of the cheaper places to stay on the strip, but they definitely need to up grade the rooms. Seems as if the only things they've really upgraded in the rooms are the beds and tv (which can swivel). Other than that everything else is pretty old school.
This place is way over rated.  Cheap rooms but they make you feel like you are in the 70's for sure.  The outside is amazing but the inside needs some work.  There were stains all over the carpets in the rooms as well.  The buffet line was too long so we opted out to eat outside of the hotel.  Good thing is they have a military discount but you need to call the phone number for the hotel to get it.  We watched the Chris Angel I believe and I am so not a believer anymore.  This show was so fake and so obvious about it.  I was more amazed on idea of staying in the castle I just prefer to stay somewhere else next time around. At least we got two free jello shots at Dick's Last Resort.  Also, we spent a lot mor etime out of the room then in the room so for the price to crash not bad just don't expect much comfort.
So I stayed here last weekend from Thursday to Sunday.. It was my first time in Vegas so I didn't really know what to expect.. but as the weekend went on and I walked inside some of the neighboring hotels, I suddenly realized this one was more on the low end side.. The casino looks clean and its spacious... and of course they have a girl dancing by the party pit, half naked.. But the hotel part wasn't as good.. . the employee sitting behind a stand where our rooms were by, was VERY rude. . My friend asked him if he knew where our room was. our paper said 8-10-48 and we didn't know what the heck that meant. . He right away snaps at my friend and says (after sighing) "It says it right here! 8th floor and room 1048." daaaang can you say rude?! He was talking to her like if she was stupid.. Obviously we didn't know what the numbers meant, otherwise we wouldn't have asked!. . So we get to our room and its TINY! yea it had the 2 beds we asked for, BUT there was barely any walking space on either sides of the bed. The heater for the whole tower was on I guess because it was wayyy too hot! every night I had to sleep with the AC on :(. . Oh and I almost forgot to mention.. We didn't get any room service till the last day we were there (saturday) when we arrived on Thursday! and it was only because we flagged down the lady cleaning and asked her to go to our room. . . Next time I will NOT be staying at this hotel.
It's like RennFest, only...not nearly as hilarious.. . The carpets are dirty and grimy and the "stores" are lacking.  I will say that from the outside, at night, it looks *amazing*...but that's probably as close as you want to get.  . . Which is pretty sad because I'm pretty much a fantasy/SCA/Renn-fest freak and one would think that this would be right up my alley.  Yeah...not quite.. . However, if you are looking for uber cheap lodging right in the heart of the Strip...this isn't bad.  Just don't expect a magical experience.
Stayed here with the family from Nov 28-Dec 2nd. When I booked the room I paid extra for a "view room" We had a view alright-Of the parking lot!!! We called the front desk and asked to be moved to a room with a view of the strip. The person on the phone informed us that none of there rooms faced that way. My brother also got suckered into this as well. Very misleading we definently will not stay here again.
I stayed here with my boyfriend for our 3 year anniversary. It wasn't the best looking hotel. The rooms were mediocre; reminded me of a motel rather than a hotel. The outdoor structure of the hotel is beautiful, but the inside needs a desperate upgrade. The buffet was ok; I had better ones off the strip. The only reason why we chose to stay here was because of the affordibility. Big mistake! I'm sure there were other affordable hotels on the strip that we could of stayed in. Lesson learned!
I had to think real hard about this review. . . I was in tower 1.. . Pros: . Room was $35 weeknight, $65 weekend. That's just dirt cheap for vegas. . Food court: McDonalds, DQ, Baja fresh, krispy kreme, wetzles pretzles. Bridge to mandalay bay and luxor, outside bridge to nyny mgm. not crowded. . Cons: . buffet was nothing special . rooms were like staying in a holiday inn not vegas glam luxury. bathrooms haven't been remodeled since the 80s and show wear . furniture in the rooms show visible wear and tear and look garbagey. No room service after 2 pm. I maybe would have given 3 stars if it weren't for this. . . I'm from LA, and if I was spontaneously going to Vegas for a night of drunk shennanigans, I would stay at excalibur again. Its a place to sleep with lots of cheap eats and easy access to better casinos. If I was going for a special occasion or I wanted "the vegas glamorous experience" I would definitely not stay here. Like I said, its basically a holiday inn on the strip.
This place looks like Candyland. I'm a dungeons and dragons junky and even I think this place is tacky. . Rooms are very out-dated as of 2011 and there is security at both towers, making it difficult for men to hire consenting adults to visit them.. The valet is a bit of a cluster, though self-parking is often a fast alternative for a woman on a tight schedule.. . There are a few decent and discrete rendezvous spots in the casino itself.
Hotel Room:. I stayed in the Standard Deluxe Widescreen room - Two queen beds with a 42" flat screen TV, safe, bathroom with granite countertops (standing shower, no tub), alarm clock with iPod capability.. . I was very dissatisfied with the room.  I understand "you get what you pay for" but I did not pay for a DIRTY room with broken fixtures and loud door slamming by hotel maids during sleeping hours!  . . Let me list the reasons for my dissatisfaction:. - The sink was terribly grimy, it actually had the previous guest's dried toothpaste still lingering.  . - The shower drain was clogged, which meant I had to shower with my feet soaked in dirty water!  NASTY and GROSS!. - The bedside table lamp did not work.  . - The furnace covering was broken.. - The WORST PART:  My room was located near the housekeeping room and as a result, I heard constant door SLAMMING throughout the night and into the morning.  Needless to say, I did not have good sleep AT ALL.  . . Casino:. On the contrary, I enjoy gambling at Excalibur.  There are many games including 5 cent Video Poker (my fav).  The Poker Room is smaller when compared to other casinos but Excalibur offers a wheel spin where one can win bonus cash.  The Sports Room is also smaller when compared to other casinos.. . Location:. Excalibur Hotel is located at the southern end of the Las Vegas Strip.  There is a convenient walkway connecting Excalibur Hotel to New York New York (and subsequently MGM).  There is also convenient tram service to and from Luxor and Mandalay Bay.
Oh my, I cant believe I haven't written a review about this hotel and it was my 1st Vegas hotel I've stayed in!. . So for my 1st Vegas trip my cousins who has been to Vegas a handful of times took charge and booked everything! We arrived at 10pm friday night and it wasnt busy at check in maybe 10 mins total and we were on our way to the room. Hotel was kinda outdated but some rooms were updated with  flat screens and what not, which we were able to get one of those rooms. The only complaints about the room was that  the bed was hard, room still smelled like smoke in a Non-smoking room and one night a handyman came to our room saying we called for someone to fix the tv?! Strange. We also ate at their buffet which wasn't that good, everything was kinda boring! I most likely wont be staying at this hotel again cause its also at the end of the strip!
well........ it upset myself that I have to give a 2-star to excalibur hotel.  I used to love staying here because I get comp from mlife for as many nights I want and with a lot of play money.  Now a day, I have to pay to stay at Excalibur, but still at a discounted rate like less than $50/night.. . The reason that I have to give such rating is because I had a bad experience in my last visit.  I was using one of the towels provided by the hotel and I was using it to dry my face.  The second I put in my face, it smelled like poo in smoke (this is how bad it smelled).  Gosh, I was so mad!! It was horrible.... . . I then called the housekeeping department and they apologized and told me that they will send someone with the new towels.  A male housekeeper came over with the towels and handed them to my husband.  He just threw to my husband's hands and immediately walked away.  He threw the towels and of course the towels dropped on the floor. .... really terrible service.... . . I also tried the buffet I think it was $32 for one day buffet at excalibur and luxor.  It's not worthy.  The food is not very good, no seafood, and not really tasty. . . Now I only go to excalibur for their table games sometimes because they always have low limits like $5.
A GREAT value for your money IF you get the rennovated rooms in tower 2.. However, the casino and the buffet are pretty disappointing. My advice is to get your room here and expect to party elsewhere.
This used to be one of my favorite places as a child b/c of the Knights of Excalibur show.  Then 10 years later, I realized how tacky this place was but it's a good, cheap option.
First off, we only ended up staying here because of an impromptu trip and needing a place to stay immediately.  The rooms are unimpressive and the atmosphere was ehh.  Only go to the buffet if you like macaroni salad and little night life.. . The only reason this isn't a 1 star review is that we didn't get stabbed.
Ok hotel if you like empty promises.  We booked last minute directly through the hotel and purchased the promotion with free buffets and a king size bed for both nights. Needless to say that all changed upon our arrival. It's a total shame that the hotel does this. We had our email receipt which does not include their hotel policy and had to negotiate/complain in order to get what we had purchased. Upon check out we discovered some discrepancy and while we waited for the manager we watched as two other customers were visually angry and arguing with the check out employees. Just sad!  I have never stayed at a hotel and seen this. I do not recommend this hotel unless you are willing to fight for what you paid for. In the end the 2 stars is because we slept well with minimum distraction and finally had out bill resolved at check out. (I think mostly because we talked to the manager rather than chewed him out)!
A place to sleep
This was definitely not the worst hotel experience I've ever had. And I accept that if I want to travel to Las Vegas on my budget certain sacrifices need to be made in the way of lodging arrangements. . . However, I still expect a reasonable amount of customer service. Nobody answered the phone when we were freezing at night and needed more blankets because theirs were thin like one might prefer if it were summertime. And I waited on them to answer for at least ten minutes. I also expect the staff to all have the same and accurate information when it comes to general questions about simple things like late check-out. Thinking you can sleep in then having to run through the hotel casino still half-asleep in your pajamas to change keys (no, they don't do this on computers, fuck computers) is not a fun time.. . If you twisted my arm I might stay here again. But I'd rather not.
This is an awesome hotel if a bunch of friends plan on going to Vegas, getting wasted on the strip, and don't want to pay a lot for a hotel room they aren't going to spend a lot of time in.  The location is good, on the southwestern area of the strip.  I stayed here for work a few years ago, so who can complain about a paid trip to Vegas, right?  I wouldn't stay here again though, unless I went back in time to my college days where money was tight and the girls didn't care where they laid down.
A cheap stay on the Strip, and it's connected by indoor walkway to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. Decent fast food in the food court (like Krispy Creams, Auntie Anne's, and a Buca de Beppo). The room was plain as can be and had wired internet connection. At least the wire was long enough to reach most of the room. . . The rest of the place was kind of like the room: plain and serviceable. A castle theme is right up my alley, and this place does a fair job of it. But the Lynyrd Skynyrd restaurant is a menace. Karaoke is fun when you're doing it, but listening to the horrible singing while trying to have a decent game of poker was annoying. I feel bad for the dealers and servers in earshot of this place.
As far as casino hotels in Vegas go, this is one of them.  The floor layout is marginally easier to navigate than the MGMGrand diagonally opposed, or NY NY directly opposite; it has a few watering holes that are low-key and friendly enough, even going so far as to only charge me $5 for a near-pint of ale.  However, it's not the most updated joint, and I'm fairly sure they market to the low-end consumer.. . Rooms are decorated in a kind of weird para-medieval theme, which makes sense since I'm staying at Medieval Time writ large.  The A/C unit is loud, and about thirty years old.  Maybe 35.  It also blows the curtains around, so sleeping is a lot like attempting it near a helicopter.  I managed to get the window open, so I'm just choosing background street noise over the Huey Cobra ambiance.. . The bathroom is also a 1977 special.  Some updates, like large tile, are amusing paired with showerheads from the 60s.  Individually-wrapped plastic cups are an ironic "Death by plastic" thematic touch.  Also, house staff will place your soap in one of the cups, because soap dishes did not exist in 13th century England.. . The cable modem is almost daring me to hack it.  I leave it alone, because for whatever reason, wired Internet here is fantastic.  No WiFi, but I absolutely do not care.  Great speeds, almost makes up for the single bar of 2G connectivity I get in Tower 1 (VZW).  TV is a flat-screen, which is nice, and zero movie channels, which is offset by the ridiculous download speeds.  I strongly suggest packing an HDMI or VGA cable with your laptop if you stay here.. . The elevators are frequently littered by the aforementioned low-end target demographic.  Staff simply cannot keep up with the myriad ways in which the lowlifes decorate the floors with french fries.  The hallways are also under attack from these reprobates.  Good times.. . I haven't gone to the pool yet, and think I will just skip it.  It's a cheap place to stay with good walking connections to other casinos, and while I'm probably not going to return here if I can manage it, it wouldn't be the worst place I've ever stayed, either.. . -C
Please only stay here if you don't care about your surroundings and are only looking for a place to rest your head on the strip.. . Please MGM update this casino. Good job on the Wide screen rooms very clean and sufficient. But other than that please gut everything.. . I feel bad for the horses in the back parking lot inside their dirt pit next to the freeway. Everything is broken and the staff is rude. The concept is great and could be very cool. Just spend some of your billions of dollars and fix at least the entry way.
Vegas is always a blast but this hotel put a damper on it, called to get service from anywhere in this palce was a joke, i was constantly put on hold and transford way to many times. I thought the tram was very stupid, yes its nice to have a free ride but whats the point of making it to the closest hotels? Id rather walk to the hotel next door then to the other side of the strip. The shower door was broken and they never opened the pool with the slide while i was there. We had a nice view from our room but the radio was pretty much broken so having no music was a burn. For being a hotel in vegas reguardless of its its a hotel mainly for kids they really didnt seem to pull out the fireworks or even attempt to open the box.
I've been getting lost and p.o.ed in this hotel since 1998.  Even stayed here once out of desparation, much to my chagrin.  All other properties in Vegas, including MGM properties, have signs clearly directing you to all the restaurants by name.  A restaurant changes, they change the sign.  But apparently Excalibur cannot be bothered.  There's just a general sign at the escalator that says "Restaurants" implying that all the restaurants are upstairs.  But they are not.  . . Once you get upstairs, you'll find a couple of banners above the escalators that try to explain with oddly placed arrows where specific restaurants, registration, etc. are located.  But the banners make no sense. It's so annoying.. . Also, this hotel was rundown in 1998 and is doubly so today.  It smells funny.  The smoke over the years has inflitrated every nook and cranny, making the whole place smell like a giant, nasty ashtray.. . Since it is part of the weird, circuitious path that allows you to traverse the Strip in mostly air conditioned comfort, sometimes it becomes a necessity to come here.  Or if someone's band is playing here.  Over the years, I've seen more live acts here for free than anywhere on the Strip. But otherwise I try to avoid it if at all possible.
I've stayed here twice only because my friends were staying here & I got a great offer, but not very happy wth their rooms. The beds are very uncomfortable, hard & woke up wth a backache. Its a no frills hotel! Their breakfast & lunch buffet are just ok. Not worth it 4 the price, the pizza tasted like it came frm abox. The good thing about their buffet is u serve ur own drinks. They have a couple stations. The guy at check in (in the vip area!) had a look on his face that said "damn I don't want to be here." His service was the same. He wasn't rude but lacked enthusiasm & wasn't helpful at all. He wasn't pleasant & barely even spoke. After he checked me in & gave me my little booklet I noticed (cause I was reading the info on the desk) that I didn't get my free drink coupons. I asked him, don't I get free drink coupons wth this promo & he looked confused. I pointed out the little sign on the desk, he looked at it & said "oh yeah." What a moron! Ay ay ay. This place does not get any stars for their svc! Oh & the resort fee is a rip off. I didn't use anything that they charge for & they still charge u 4 this. If u want good customer svc, a nice big room, on the strip at a good rate, stay at bally's! Ballys has all of that & no resort fees!
Seriously, how is Excalibur still in existence?? I've stayed here twice and that amount of times was too many. I've stayed in the updated tower and the ridiculously outdated tower. I mean, you get what you pay for,  I know. But, it just needs updating big time!! Or just tear the thing down and put something better in!! Just saying. Everyone knows how bad this hotel is so I have nothing more to say. Thanks!!
This hotel scares me for some reason.  Scary druggies and prostitutes seem to hang around this area.  I have traveled thru a couple times to only be glad I wasn't staying there.  Had the worst glass of wine ever in Sherwood Forest sports bar on casino floor.  Krispy Kreme upstairs makes it less painful.
I stayed here with my family, our stay was the final leg of our 12 day vacation. We chose this hotel because of the CASTLE.. . . My main problem with this place is there is no refrigerator ( you can pay $25 a night for them to bring one to your room), there is no coffee maker and no microwave.. maybe I'm spoiled by staying in Time Shares, and even regular hotels offer these simple amenities.. Isn't this damn hotel geared toward families??? My kids need their milk and juice!!. LAME... . . We did receive awesome discounts for food and drinks. And I had a blast in the casino!!!. . I am having a happy / sad moment.. I am going back to this hotel in November.. I don't want to stay due to the lack of amenities but I cannot wait to get back on their craps tables!!!
We stayed here while my husband had a trade show. We have been to Vegas about ten times, staying at all of the big name hotels.. and this hotel was our least favorite. My husbands work placed him here simply based on price. Yes, it was a great price. As usual, you get what you pay for. The lobby and casino were musty and outdated. The air conditioning in the room was either too cold or not working. The towels smelled like mold. A security alarm went off twice while we were there. Once in the middle of the night and once during the day while I was napping after laying at the pool. All to find out it was a mistake both times. . We had a flight heading home at 6 pm. On our last day we checked our luggage in at the concierge so that we could walk around without our luggage after checking out of our room. I had a small pink travel pillow with me, and they would not take it. They told me it has to fit in a suitcase. I did not have any more room, so I had to walk around with a pink pillow all day. He wouldn't even take it if it was in a plastic bag. . The only reason I give it 2 stars is because I won $220 playing video poker and lost everywhere else. :)
Usually the classic hotels are bad this one is no exception my friend is staying there for the weekend and the place its not bad, I was expecting worsts, so I guess is a good thing
Ok, I am of two minds on this place. The Hotel rooms are quite frightening; mine had a leaky ceiling and was quite dark. However the room only cost 27 dollars a night so, you get what you pay for. In the casino the felts on many of the tables are worn and faded. All that being said it is still a fun place to walk around, just make sure you have all your shots.
Apparently I arrived the weekend that the "computer system" decided to "crash."  When we walked into the hotel, there was a massive line just to check in. . People were here for EDC mostly, some for the Pacquiao fight and for Garth Brooks. I heard of stories of people waiting almost 3 hours.  I personally had to wait 2 hours to get to the desk.  My horror story doesn't end with this.  After I was given my key, I lugged my bags to my room only to find out that it was already occupied.  I said, "WTF, ok the computer messed up!"  I lugged my bags back down stairs to the check-out counter to complain.  The clerk apologized etc. and I got a new room.  This second time; surprise! This room was occupied.  I was so damned tired at this point that I didn't care if they gave me the crappiest room in the house.  I asked to be given as soon as possible, fortunately by this point the supervisor intervened and she gave me a suite, some buffet vouchers.  and some drink vouchers.  I don't know if I'll come back to this place.
I'm becoming a snob.  I much prefer the Cosmo, THE Hotel or MGM Signature but what the heck it was a conference rate.  It just sort of makes me think of that creepy neighbor as a kid with the strange relatives who visit wearing shorts black socks and sandals.
Stayed here with a friend for a quick Vegas trip. The rooms are large and clean but it was the casino that really was negative for this place. I'm not a smoker and I live in a city where smoking indoors is illegal so I wasn't prepared for the all the cigarette smoke that seems to envelope this place. I doubt that carpets have at all been replaced since their opening. The smell can really get to you and for me I had a headache and watery eyes. . . The pool at the resort was ok. the adult pool was rather small and they sure do overcharge for the buckets of beers. . . For my next trip I think I'd do better to stay further down the strip near everything and also a much cleaner/fresh resort.
I am struggling to find nice things to say about this place. The hotel is a nice room with a lock. I like that. The view is terrible. . . The resteraunt are all cheap food, I would never reconmend eating there. . . There is a mini mart in the walk way between there and Luxor, sells relatively good priced alochol, taking into concideration all alcohol on the stip is expensive. . . Oh! They have a pool and they don't give a damn if we drink our alcohol in the water. That is a huge plus. Luxor is hard noised about it.
Its OK if you can get past that overwhelming smoky musty smell. For the price it is fine. I only stay a weekend when I go to Vegas, but if you are going for longer, upgrade to a nicer hotel. The rooms are outdated, and don't appear clean...but that may be due to the age of the hotel.
This hotel isn't so bad for the price compared to the more expensive luxurious hotels located on the strip. . . I gotta admit though, I wish I had stayed at the other hotels like, Encore or The Bellagio, but I can't complain. The rooms were BIG, we got a room with two queen sized beds and it was able to fit 7 people in there comfortably. Though it's an older hotel, I don't think the smell of smoke is as bad as some reviewers say. I stayed in the MGM on my last visited and the moment those doors opened it was like a WHOOSH of cigarette smoke straight into your face. It's like they don't even try to filter the air in the hotel. x.x Oh, if I were to ever go here again, I'd bring a thicker blanket because the blankets that they offer us are SERIOUSLY thin and the AC is ALWAYS on even though you turned it off. . . This hotel has a "family-oriented" feel to it, I guess it's because of the Castle-like exterior that makes kids want to come here. The next time I'd spend a little more money on one of the newer hotels further down the strip. Maybe it'll feel more "adult-like" and has that VEGAS feel I heard so much about.
This is the Motel 6th Century of Las Vegas.The Excalibur is a cheap hotel, but with all the necessities. Room was okay, air conditioning was super cold. The main reason for the low review is the terrible customer service. It stinks from the top down. Every department, every manager, every associate. The only exception were the bartenders at the casino bars. Front desk, horrible. There was a tie for worst between a troll in the baggage area and the manager at the front of the buffet.
Okay, I admit it, I've stayed here. While broke in college, this was the cheapest hotel we could get. It's what you pay for unfortunately, the rooms are dingy and old, feels like you're at a Circus Circus, but maybe worse. There wasn't even a bathtub in the bathroom, it was an old shower stall. Egad. Definitley felt a bit dirty staying here.. . There's a midway game center for kids, and big kids like me to play in. But, I will say, if you want to play blackjack for cheap, this is the place to go to. Or if you want to see Thunder from Down Under. Other than that, spend a little more money to stay somewhere nicer!
I love this place, when I bring my 6 year old with me to Vegas, this is the place to stay.  I've also stayed here child-free as well.  If you have kids with you, this is the perfect place.  Waterslide at the pool and the waterslide is connected to a shallow pool.  There's an arcade inside, the Tournament of Kings show, it's walking distance to many shops.  There's a McDonalds inside for the kids.  Even if you're staying without kids, they have a small 18+ pool, and another large pool.  The thing I love most about this place, it's very fairly priced but not gross like Circus Circus, I've always had good customer service experiences here.  The only thing I'm going to complain about....that stupid $15 per night resort fee which is the only reason why my rating is so low.  We've stopped staying here and are opting for hotels that do not charge the fee.  I don't like being forced to pay for things I will not use.  So have booked a room for my son and I for Golden Nugget instead.
Having to write this review as I am truly saddens me.  This used to be one of my favorite places in Vegas to visit; and now...well....read on... . The wife and I ventured to Vegas with the family to celebrate the birthday of one of cousins.  We chose a cheap motel that was in walking distance to the "Four Corners" of hotels that anchored the intersections of Las Vegas and Tropicana Blvds.  The Excalibur is one of these attractions, and we were looking forward to a saucy mix of casino fun and Medieval themed romp that the hotel was known for.  The key word for our experience was: Disappointment.. . The hotel opened in 1990, and the first time I visited was in 1993 when my then-fiance (now ex-wife) paid a visit to look into possibly getting married at the Hotel's Canterbury wedding chapel.  Even though we wound up getting married elsewhere, we had a blast here.  The hotel/casino was a perfect combination of adult casino fun and medieval dungeony..dragony..King Arthury whimsy.. . Now.. I realize that this was during the 90s, and during this time, Vegas was trying to re-invent itself as a resort for all members of the family (anyone remember when they had a water park...right there on the strip?)  Many of the casinos had attractions that appealed to all ages...and Excalibur was one of the most well-known of these.. . Then the new millenia came, and Vegas and its attractions began to re-assert themselves as playgrounds for adults.  Don't get me wrong, I'm all for this.  Adults need their own version of Disneyland as well.  . . What's so sad with the Excalibur these days is that its lost its whimsy...its lost its magick.  Food courts have replaced most of the medieval/fantasy themed shops that made the place fun to patronize.  In fact, the only two such shops left are "Kids of the Kingdom" and "The Dragon's Lair" (which is still an awesome place to shop for dragon and fairy shirts and prints).  The "Medieval Times"-esque Tournament of Kings dinner show is still there...but also is the Thunder from Down Under male strip dinner show.  . . There is still a Fun Dungeon downstairs with circus/midway type games where kids can win tickets for prizes...as well as what passes these days for an arcade, but its a far cry from what it used to be years ago...its almost an afterthought now.. . Most of the Arthurian statues and suits of armor and mural artwork has been removed and replaced with a restaurant where the staff and waiters make fun of you (Dick's Last Resort)...really?...really?!  You'd think that kind of douchebag-ish behavior was more of a match at New York, New York.. . Now.. I will say this.  There are a tremendous number of places to eat here, in a whole gamut of price ranges.  But when I talked to one of the Krispy Kreme workers, he told me that right behind where I was standing was going to be yet another food court!...with 6 more eateries!! *le sigh*. . Yes... I understand...Las Vegas is about consumerism and making money.  I get that.  But really, a balance needs to be struck.  Neither the wife nor myself appreciated being accosted and, for lack of a better term, panhandled by various staff members; asking us if were going to be in Vegas very long and trying to sell us timeshares!  I almost felt like we were in Mexico with all the up-scale panhandling going on...it was almost *that* aggressive!. . We left the Excalibur feeling rather sad.  What used to be a fun place of adult romping and playing mixed in with nice touched of Ren Faire whimsy has, thanks to recent rennovations, become a hollow shell of itself.  Its become little more than a pretty resort and hotel in the shape of a castle.  All glitz and glamour to look at on the outside...with little substance left on the inside.
There are a lot of things to write but the only suggestion I can give to anyone who will stay here is try to stay at Tower 2. I got a room with free upgrade but it was at Tower 1 and everything is old......from carpet to bed, bathroom, shower, all the furniture and A/C is super loud. If it is same price to stay at Tower 2, I will definitely suggest to do that.
This is like a grown up disney world. Lots of parking, rooms cleaned so so. They really could brush up on their cleaning skills in elevators, lobbies, hallways. By no means is this a world class establishment.
We stayed at the Excalibur last week, thinking it would be fun for our 5 year old.  He was excited, thinking that we were staying in a castle. The hotel and rooms were decent and it had some good restaurants, but the idea that it is a family friendly hotel fell short.  The pool closed at 7 pm (the water slide at 6pm).  What a better way to spend family time but in the pool, and a little later when the sun isn't blazing down. The pool hours really need to be extended.  You should also be able to use the jacuzzi's in the evening.  We were also disappointed on thegame floor (dungeon).  It didn't open until 10:30 am, and even then, none of the carnival games were attended. The only option was video games. My son was really disappointed, as we planned to spend some time there before heading home on our last day.  It was also extremely annoying to be stopped 5 or 6 times anytime you walked through the hotel, by the people trying to sell you dinner packages and other entertainment tickets.  They don't take no for an answer. It was not a pleasant experience and this actually made it kind of stressful to walk through the hotel. Also, my son was injured on one of the doors going into the hotel.  His toe got stuck under the bottom, and it sliced his toe. It was gushing blood and he was screaming.  There were several hotel employees standing nearby and no one offered any sort of assistance.
You pay for what you get I guess.  Except the resort fee.  . . After checking in, we realized we were slapped with the $15/day resort fee.  Fine, whatever.  We were told it included two free drinks per day so we figured that would about balance out.  Well, its actually two free drinks per STAY, not day.. . Then we go to the pool, and there are no towels ready.  Isn't this what we paid $15 for?. . The rooms are dingy.  The AC doesn't work right.  Its also hard to navigate through.  They also do not have WIFI...you have to plug in an ethernet cord.  That isn't an option on my Mac.  . . The daily solicitations on our voicemail was annoying.. . I'd rather sleep on The Deuce.
Resembles Disney land from outside but is nowhere close to a luxury hotel. The moment you enter the lobby you are greeted with a wierd odor that turns you off. It's way too strong and gave me sneezes. The so called tower room had a horrid view... Facing the other tower. And the amenities suck. Pillow covers and comforter were torn and room stank. . . The only things positive was that house keeping was prompt and pool area is awesome to relax. . . Oh and did I mention it's the only hotel on earth that does not have wifi and just one horrid LAN cable.., well that's ridiculous.  Even motel6 has high speed wifi... . . Next time I visit Vegas. I wouldn't mind paying a few extra bucks n staying on the strip in some pricey hotel... At least I cud brag abt it...
So I'm gonna break this down into segments because there are far too many things swirling around my head right now to regurgitate it out into any form of organized thought.. . 1. The Hotel. . When I booked the room, I reserved a non-smoking king bed standard room.... upon arrival, I was told they were "sold out" of king bed rooms. Only after my wife sarcastically stated something about a comp upgrade, and several moments hesitation and thought, did the front desk clerk "upgrade" us to a non-smoking double queen bed room with a view. As we made out way up to the room I was thinking, "ok, we're staying in a castle themed hotel... I can only imagine what the rooms look like" Boy was I wrong. The room as plain, nondescript, and boring. The only castle themed items in the room was a framed drawing of a shield hanging above the toilet. The beds were comfortable, but plain. The dresser and table had scratches, chips, and dings showing years of use. The only new...ish thing in the room was the TV, a wall-mounted flat panel 42" TV. The view was good, but for me at least, it didn't make up for the other problems.. . 2. The Casino. . No problems here. My wife and I love playing roulette and Excalibur had both live dealer roulette and something called Organic Roulette where a machine spun the ball and players have their own touch-screen display to place their chips. Both were fun, but I enjoy live dealer play more (especially if the dealer has personality). One thing will say positively of the casino floor was that they had multiple roulette tables open. Three $5 minimums and 1 $10 minimum tables which I appreciate because it can take a while for a seat to open up if there is only one table. The slots are the same as everywhere, so I can't bash Excalibur or praise them.. . 3. The Dining Experience:. . Oh buddy.... where to begin. Let's see, momma always said start off with a compliment. There is really only one redeeming quality about Excalibur that would make me deliberately want to go back (only to eat, btw), Dick's Last Resort (reviewed on it's own Yelp page). The other dining experiences were disappointing to say the least. Excalibur has a little bit of everything: Dick's, a BBQ place, a food court, a steakhouse, a buffet, and room service dining. The problem... THEY ALL CLOSE! The room service is allow offered between the hours of 0600 and 1400 (6am and 2pm). The only... let me pause for dramatic effect... ONLY 24hr dining options are McDonald's, Starbucks, and Krispy Kreme. WTF?!?!?!?!?! We don't go on vacation and spend hundreds of dollars to eat the same shit I can get down the street of my house! Vegas casinos are 24hr operations... they purposefully build the place without windows and do not install clocks so that patrons will not know what time it is and keep gambling. That said, you would think that an operation the wants people gambling 24 hrs a day would want those same people fed and happy during that whole time, right? Wrong. I even called the front desk one night because I was hungry for real food and not a BigMac or a fucking doughnut. I spoke with Mary, the manager of guest services, and was told that because Excalibur caters to the family audience (people who bring their kids) they find that the majority of patrons are not active nor hungry during early morning hours. I was also told, more or less, that she didn't care about my concerns and that there was nothing they could do the make up for the problem.. . ***Please see my other reviews for reviews of the individual restaurants we ate at***. . 4. Overall Experience:. . I've been to Vegas twice, once to New York New York and then this time to Excalibur... I must say that I was severely disappointed. Between the lack of late night/early morning dining options, the lack of interior theme decorations (it really looked and felt like they blew all their money decorating the outside of the hotel and the entry way to look like a castle, but just went with a Best Western approach for the rooms), and the shocking number of strollers, infants, toddlers, and other variously aged children running around, I would not stay here again. I will, more than likely, return to Dick's Last Resort for a meal or two during my next visit, but I will sleep and gamble at another resort.... one that takes my patronage seriously and treats me like I am the target demographic (21+).. . Oh... one more thing. There is a small army of hotel minions that will seek out, stalk, and harass ANYONE that walks near them trying to pitch them a deal. They start out with an innocent enough "bait" question to strike up a conversation and it doesn't fucking matter what you say to them (yes or no) they will try to rope you in to signing up for a bogus deal. The deal is you leave a $99 deposit, if you book within 1 year
Oh my dear lord. This place man. When I think of Vegas I think of a Disneyland for adults. I mean there are people who are out on the strip night and day handing out cards with naked women on them. This place is called Sin City for a reason and with all the places you can take your kids on vacation in the world I would suggest avoiding Las Vegas. Well most adults (with a brain in their head) feel that way but I have some sad news folks, according to Mary the Manager of Guest Services at The Excalibur they only care about catering to  families with kids and making concessions and accommodations for them. If you are apart of any other demographic, which every other place in Vegas caters to, this place could give two shits about you. Well Mary should consider another profession that has nothing to do with customer service. I was excited to stay here despite the reviews and now I see why they have the reviews they have. Thank God we got comped for 2 nights because it would have been such a waste otherwise. . . They have no good options when it comes to late night eats. They have McDonald's, Krispy Creme, and Starbucks. Wow how nice. I go on vacation to eat the same things I can get everyday at home. How about no. The McDonald's BTW has the crappiest customer service ever. They run out of everything and are pretty much useless. This place used to have a cafe that was open all night and now it is gone. Mary says that the families do not usually get hungry late at night so they see no reason to have alot of things open. Ain't that a hoot? People who are expected to gamble and drink all night are not expected to want to eat anything half way decent. . . The room was ok I guess. I was disappointed by their lack of theme in there. I realize that alot of time is not spent in the room and too that it does not matter. For me and my husband though, we pace ourselves so we do spend some time in the room so it does matter to us. I like the cheesy themes in Vegas. It is part of the fun. NYNY was WAY better at keeping the theme throughout. It is a damn shame too because The Excalibur has a wonderful theme to work with. As far as useability goes the beds were comfortable and the TV was nice and new. I liked the marble countertops also. The rest of the furniture was old and banged up and the room did not have fridge or microwave. What the crap?! Even the Travelodge has that. There was no bathtub and the shower and sinks took FOREVER to drain. This was a room in Tower 2 which was an upgrade from the room we originally booked which was a standard room. This was supposed to be one of the newer rooms. It did not really show. We only got upgraded after they had no king sized beds left when we reserved one and I sarcastically asked for an upgrade. After the guy thought about whether to take me serious or not he decided to upgrade us to the contemporary room with a view. I would hate to see what kind of room we originally would have gotten. . . As far as the casino goes I had a good time there. There was two Roulette  dealers that made it worth my while. Dave and Sandra were awesome and alot of fun. They made the table hot and even when you lost they were at least super nice so it did not sting as much. The slot machines where the same as everywhere. I can't say anything negative about the casino really. They had four 4 $5 minimum Roulette tables open which was great because that tends to be a popular game and getting a seat takes a while. They also one $10 minimum table for the bigger betters. They had some video Roulette machines and also had an Organic Roulette which has a real wheel that is spun by a machine. It has eight video stations and the minimum bet is $3 which is nice. Roulette is my favorite game and it nice to see alot of options for it. The cocktail waitresses came by often. . . Besides this place crawling with kids it is also crawling with annoying timeshare salesmen. They wait outside the towers to jump you as you leave your room. They are at the front doors, outside restaurants, pretty much everywhere. They ask you if you want free tickets to a show. They want you pay a $99 deposit for a 2 night stay at the hotel and tickets to two shows if you sit through their 3-5 hour timeshare presentation. You have a year to redeem this. We already knew this and tried avoiding them at all costs. I even told them my husband was a one night stand. You answer no to all their questions and they still don't get it. They are pushy and annoying and I would recommend that the Excalibur get rid of them. Guests don't like to be harassed. Or at the very least give them stipulations to take no for an answer. I actually yelled at one as we were checking out because she would not leave me alone. They were at NYNY also but not nearly as bad. . . Overall I will never stay at this hotel again even if we get comped! I will only come back here gamble if Roulette is lacking elsewhere and eat at Dicks. There are too many other cool places to stay in Vegas.
It was a decent price and one of the few kid friendly places on the strip along with Circus,Circus. My kids are teenagers so I thought they would appreciate the midevil theme. That and my son is terrified of clowns. . The outside is cheesy/cool. I'm not into the casino thing, so that I wouldn't be the best judge of. The staff, good. Rooms? Shockingly dull. Vegas is all smoke and mirrors. I've stayed in a few places and found that the rooms are pretty much about what you would find in a Super 8. The rooms at Excalibur were a bit on the dirty side as far as the carpets etc went. Not unsanitary, just worn out, old, dingy and smelled of stale smoke and old people. Its cheap by Vegas standards and you get what you pay for. . If I were to bring my kids again I'd still maybe choose that one over Circus,Circus just because there is that creepy clown on the outside of C.C. As my son put it "You can just look into his eyes and just see all the kids he molested".
I guess if you have kids this would be the place to go but we did not like it here, really neat from outside but not inside.
This place brings back old memories. I am now 30 and remember coming to this place when I was a kid.. . We decided on stopping by to play the machines on a midnight gambling run. The place is still in the old state it was in years ago.. . Hopefully they will remodel it soon so it won't lose it's luster on the strip.
My wife, teen daughter, 3 year old and infant son stayed here. The wife had been lookin for deals last week and this hotel apparently had 4 nights for about $270. What a deal right? WRONG! As soon as I checked in there's a "hidden resort fee" of $67 to use the "amenities" of the facility such as the fitness center, pool, Fun Dungeon Arcade, etc. Nice of them to mention that fee as we were booking the reservation. So, we check in and as they point us to the bell desk they "failed" to advise me that their bell staff is in the heat if a union labor dispute which prevents them from providing us bell service to our room. WTF?! The lady at the bell desk NOW informs me of this and after some pissing and moaning I get a cart; However, the guy who brought it to me was nice enough to tell me "fuck them! I know I'm not supposed to do this but WTF is the service that you expect when you come to Vegas? It doesn't make any sense?!" We had an enlightening discussion as I sent the wife and kids up to our room and I went with the bell guy and out luggage. Apparently, the Luxor and Excalibur are "merging" and the staff are getting screwed out of their tips: the valets are too apparently. Just to save a few bucks management tells the bell staff ONLY to assist the disabled and elderly; I talked with a supervisor at the front desk and she went with the political excuse that "they cannot refuse service if you request it" but "they instructed their staff to ONLY assist the elderly and handicapped." After I pulled the "discrimination card" she told me this. Completely unprofessional. As we went to other hotels in the area such as the New York New York, Circus Circus, and the Luxor, it was nothing but tired folks hauling their own luggage around checking out (we went to lunch around check out time at these places) and checking in. Now, back to our hotel; we got housekeeping service 2 out if the 3 days we stayed; we came back from a fun day and I found filthy towels STILL on the floor and the room hadn't been touched. I called for towels and washcloths instead since we were leaving Sunday morning; I had to leave to catch the "Tournament of Kings" show downstairs (which was bad ass I should tell you). When we came back, there was a bag thrown on the floor with soap and shampoo; in the bathroom there was a stack of "leaning" towels and washcloths left in haste. Needless to say, the service in Las Vegas is going to the dumps. The buffet sucked; we never got to  breakfast during our stay  (a Mexican thing) and I wish I could've. From my experience, breakfast seems to be the best meal in the buffets. There was no safe deposit box in our room AND NO interior lock on our doorknob like other hotels which really pissed me for security and privacy reasons. All they gave us was the stupid door hanger "privacy please" which I'd expect from a Motel 6 not an upscale strip hotel. Self parking is a joke; almost had some "parking rage" on the 2nd night but I survived with a clean Vegas rap sheet j/k. The valets are understaffed and have major A.D.D. so there is no "sure fire" time to get valet. The lamp outlet in our room couldn't hold a plug, two wall outlets didn't work AT ALL. The toilet was so low flush "Eco-friendly" we almost had to use the ice bucket to assist with flushing *yuuuck!* On a positive note, the bathroom was roomy, shower was "intimate friendly" and plenty if sink space. Not to mention we got a great view of the pool outside.
This place has great service but nothing much else.  The rooms here are dingy and outdated.  I guess that's why it's so cheap.. . There is a mandatory $15 resort fee which allows you internet access through an ethernet cable (who uses these still?!), gym access, and phone calls.  It is nowhere worth $15.. . The bathrooms are gross.  The towels are cheap and stiff.  I recommend your own toiletries if you do decide to stay here.. . The bed wasn't that bad but the sheets are pretty old and I was freezing cold.  With the heater, I thought I was going to suffocate and each time it turned on, it scared the daylights out of me.. . I would only stay here again if I was desperate.  Yes I enjoyed the staff, but the amenities are just not worth it.. . My last piece of advice if you should decide to stay here, is avoid the buffet at all costs.  You will waste your money and come out sick or hungry or both.
Pros:. . * Great rate (but you get what you pay for). * Connected to The Luxor and Mandalay Bay (you can even use the tram). * Comfy Bed. * Great water pressure. * Tower 2 is where all the remodeled rooms at. . Cons:. . * Check in area is old looking and long lines.. * Timeshare people are everywhere. I just ignored them even when they are just saying good morning.. * The casino is depressing looking.. * There are no good restaurants in this hotel. Mediocre at the best.. * We stayed there for 2 nights and from the first night, we woke up with sore throat and congestion. We had it for the whole time we were in Vegas.. * Their AC is loud and they installed it right where it will shower your body when you are laying in bed. I think this was one of the reasons we got sick.. * The Dungeon of Fun was not really fun. There were hardly people there and it wasn't fun at all.. . Will not stay here again, there are better options at the strip.
Yucky. I stayed here because I was forced to and I would never come back. I was in Vegas for work and this was the hotel they put us at. The food selection is absolutely pathetic and do NOT, under any circumstance, try the buffet. Most of it was borderline inedible and I was scared that I might get food poisoning. . . The rooms are meh. Not horrible, but the heater/AC unit was super noisy and only heated the room for about half an hour before the air turned kind of cold. There was NO drinking water in the room and when I went to get some from the vending machine, it was $3 for a bottle! So I went without water in the desert. Even the lamp was hard to turn on. First, it wasn't even plugged in. Then, I had to be soooo careful turning the switch because there was almost no resistance and turning even one degree too far turned it off again.. . However, I will say that the people working there are very nice. It's just too bad that they're stuck at this crappy hotel.
This place is not really that great. I checked in yesterday and the door to the room was not really working because you have to literally push it hard to get it to open. I spent 5-10 minutes trying to figure out what was wrong with the door before slamming into it. If that wasn't bad enough, when I finally got into the room, it turns out that one of the lamps was not working, the t.v. did not have a signal input, and the internet was wired with no wireless options. I can't believe this hotel seriously does not offer any wi-fi options despite the fact that it charges a resort fee like the other hotels. The Medieval theme is realistic I guess since the atmosphere is dark, grungy, kinda stuffy, and you get the idea. The buffet isn't that great either. I would recommend just saving your money and trying out the new food court (much cheaper and better tasting food). If you haven't tried the buffet yet, go ahead and give it a shot, but don't say I didn't warn you!. . P.S. This is my first time rating a place with 2 stars. That should tell you how I feel about this place lol.
What a sad, tired, shit hole this place is. It's one of the cheaper properties on the strip, so this shouldn't come as too much of a surprise. But it's a sad, tired, shit hole nevertheless. Unless you're hellbent on staying on the strip, you'd do better to stay some place downtown (even if you want to gamble).. . Our room was a cinderblock tomb covered in wall paper, and furnished with two queen sized beds and a flat screen TV housed in a cheap armoire. It was kind of gross. The walls were bare--not  even bad art, or framed mirror, or anything--giving the room a prison cell feel. The toilet flushes noisily for 5 minutes per flush. This 22 year old property still has no Wi-Fi. You have to plug your laptop into this movement-hindering tether from the 20th century called an "ethernet cable" in order to get "high speed internet". Miraculously, my laptop had a port for this anachronistic plug, so we did have an internet connection. That doesn't stop Excalibur from tacking on a 'resort fee' ($15 per day) to cover this 'amenity' (along with the outdoor pool no one uses in December) like the more modern and upscale properties on the strip. . . The casino floor itself is run down and sad, and anyone staying there primarily to gamble must surely and sadly migrate up the strip to more interesting venues. The low ceiling and poor lighting are kind of depressing. This doesn't stop Excalibur from charging regular strip prices for drinks ($10 a pop) and food ($35 for the "all you can eat" buffet). After one night my girlfriend and I treated it simply as a a place "to crash", entering and exiting our hotel via the elevators near the exit, and visiting only to sleep.. . It's a joke that this place continues to try to hang with the more upscale strip properties, especially without a willingness to upgrade or renovate. My advice for an old, rundown property like this? If you're going to be a cheap shit hole, behave like a cheap shit hole. Drop the premium strip pricing on food and drink. Drop the 'resort fee'.
I didn't actually stay here, I'm just reviewing the ambience. Nothing special about this hotel.It's a medieval theme. Nothing really classy about this hotel. It's kind of old school. I remembered staying here when I was a kid. It still looked the same.  My friend and I went to the arcade played a few games and left.  When we left the hotel, there were two weirdos handing out necklaces and asking my friend and I to take pics with them.. It's Vegas, weird things happens
One star just because it's along the strip and another star for their nice architecture. Other than that, no stars at all. Rude employees & bad customer service! People will try to get your attention at the time you walk inside and will ask you some BS just to sell something. When I said I'll be here for only a day and that Iwasn't planning to watch a show, the lady I was talking to suddenly started to get the attention of another guest that came in. I don't mind if she ended our conversation smoothly but it's just awkward and rude that it looks like she's so desperate to get some sales! Anyway, we stayed at tower 1 and the walls were thin. You can easily hear people talking outside the corridors and the footsteps upstairs. You also get to pay for the daily resort fee but there is no wireless internet! How inconvenient is that?!! I called them and they said that they have a wireless internet! I don't mind paying for the resort fee but needing to use a cable to connect the internet is just totally inconvenient if I only have a tablet!  What's the use of paying a daily resort fee if u can't get the value of your money? Employees here don't smile nor have the energy to greet their guests that pass by. You just won't feel welcome at all for being there. It's definitely a place that you won't come back for!
I was disappointed that this place had pretty decent reviews after staying there. My husband and I were on a tight budget but really wanted to make a Vegas trip for our honeymoon.. . 1. We were told we could check in early upon arrival. After waiting 30 minutes in the check-in line, we were told we couldn't get into our room for another almost two hours. After traveling for 10 hours, this was not music to our ears.. . 2. We stayed in one of their "newer" rooms... while the room was decorated nicely, the bed was not as nice as they made it sound. My husband and I left Vegas with lots of back pain!. . 3. Their staff is incompetent. Well not all of them, but most.. . 4. Housekeeping is SO loud. Every morning, like clockwork, we would be woken around 8-8:30 to housekeeping speaking Spanish extremely loudly in the all way.. . 5. The whole hotel smelled awful. Maybe it's because I am not used to being in buildings were people are allowed the smoke, but I feel like the whole hotel stunk like old cigarettes.. . All in all, we had a horrible trip. Both of us got stomach bugs and we spent half the trip in our hotel. We wished we had splurged on a nicer hotel. Next time we know better!
The outside of the hotel looks a lot more promising than the inside. It was dingy & empty, like all the other hotels on this part of the Strip. The arcade smelled like mildew & made me want to gag. The theme is good for families with small children, but nothing to brag about.
Smells terrible. Needs an upgrade. But you can get a room for $24 sometimes!
Me and my fiance stayed here while we were wedding venue hunting. We stayed in a standard room. The room was clean which was a big thing for me, but our bed sheet was almost pointless. It was paper thin and didn't offer any warmth or comfort. Our bathroom towels had stains on them (gross) but the room itself was at least a good size. We stayed here because it was on the cheaper side but I don't see us staying there again. It fit our needs at the time and we only needed it for the weekend. Anything longer than a day or two and I wouldn't stay here. If I were on vacation and not there on "business" I would stay somewhere else.
I've stayed at the Excalibur about a dozen times from childhood to now, and although it's not the cleanest and classiest hotel, it's still fun to visit. The primary reason I come to the Excalibur now is to go to the fun dungeon, but they have totally cheaped out on their games and toys. I'd rather visit Circus Circus for the games, but I still come to Excalibur for nostalgia.
DON'T GO TO KEVIN!!!  . The night front desk employee who helped me named Kevin was no help at at. I paid  for my room online do when I got there Kevin checked me in told me to sign a paper charging my card with the resort fee.. Never did he talk to me about the room... I had to ask him what floor I was on.. He put me on the 6th floor and said I can only change if I up grade for and extra $20 a night and I was staying for 4 nights. So I took my room key and went to tower  1.. When I got there the room was horrible!!! First he gave me a room for a handicap person which had big isle space for a wheelchair two peep holes in the door.. Grab bars on the bathroom walls and over the toilet... Dirty air condition system and asepsis ceiling and on top of that it was a smoking room and I don't smoke.. Kevin knew what he was giving us and only wanted me to up grade so he can get a commission.. I returned back to the front desk and the wonderful Alicia helped me.. She asked smoking or non she asked how many beds did I want. If I was a local (which I was) and the deals locals have all questions Kevin dident care about asking.. She apologized for his mistakes and moved me to tower 2 which is 100 times better... Thank you Alicia for making my stay-cation better
im really not a picky person when it comes to hotels just a clean bed a clean bathroom to do the business and a shower. i dont think i ask for anything too much.. . i understand that excalibur IS on the cheaper side of hotel room rates but that doesnt mean that they should have..... 1. dents on their wall. 2. a shadow of a "missing" painting. and heres the really dirty stuff.... 3.some sort of blood stain on my blanket. 4. another stain on 2 different towels. 5. "hair" on the toilet seat when we first checked in (SUPER GROSSSSSSSSSSS). . only reason why im giving 2 stars instead of just 1 is because my BF and i LOVE playing at their 3-card poker tables! (granted we loose a lot of our money there) but i cant help but to have this love/hate relationship with it. . . oh, and also this last stay it was in tower 1, the older tower so maybe thats why i had all those "incidents" but i dont think its an excuse. cleanliness should be a MUST. . . BOTTOM LINE: with all the money they're receiving from all the gamblers i would think throwing away a couple dirty towels and sheets shouldn't be too big of a deal.
Stood in tower 1, needs to updated badly. Spent over $100 a night on the room, not worth it. The only good things about hotel is one, the location. It's right on the strip. The 2nd thing is the casino is never dead
Just started using yelp and wish I had been a user before my Vegas trip! I get offers of free rooms all the time in Vegas (I go at least 2-3 times each year) and decided on Excalibur for one of my freebies. It wasn't worth it ! Free or not, the room were old and terrible and the walk from check in to the rooms was about a mile long. Service was OK but when the room is this old not worth the stay even if it was free.
I gotta give it two not one because I love the medieval times, but this place needs a serious renovation!
This review is for the arcade only. We drove over from Palms Place because our casino didn't have an arcade and my little cousin was bored. Overall, it was a nightmare and I left with a horrible headache. It made Chuck E Cheese look like a luxurious spa destination.. . The pros: They have a great variety of games for all ages. From shooter arcade games to racing games and even carnival-style games. The games seemed to be taken care of, unlike Fun Factory in Redondo Beach.. . Cons: One of the games took my money. Many of the more popular games are $1 or $2 per person. We tried to play two of the carnival games but no one seemed to be staffing them. Only three of the ticket counters were open. All the other machines were out of order, so it was a 10-minute wait to turn in tickets.. . The dealbreaker: The prizes are outrageously overpriced. 50 tickets for a mini bottle of bubbles? 25 tickets for those cheap, neon bracelets? We had about 100 tickets and left with bubbles and two army men. It took almost an hour to get to the front of the prize line because only two people were working!
Not a bad stay for a last minute trip to Vegas (but please read on..).  Our room was clean but we had a very ugly and limited view.  People within the hotel gave AWFUL directions to us when we wanted to actually walk somewhere instead of cab.. . The big kicker about this place was the terrible and useless concierge desk.  It was my birthday weekend and I was with my cousin for the trip. We were looking to enjoy my birthday night and figured the concierge would have 1-the best advice and 2-some good connections.  Instead we were greeted by a coy and shy young woman behind the concierge desk, Stephanie, who offered "some" connections, none of which came to fruition.  There was zero follow up and she seemed uncomfortable and unsure of herself..not to mention, she was certainly not friendly.  Someone should let her know that it won't kill her to smile or laugh a little (we can be a comical duo although seemingly unimpressive to Ms Concierge)! . . All in all..we found our own connections for my birthday weekend and had a blast however, our stay at the Excalibur certainly fell short of unimpressive.  Step it up!  The front desk concierge hardly even acknowledged our reason for the weekend..and HUGE tip..when someone calls PBX or Concierge to find out where to get an ice cream cake...FIND THEM AN ICE CREAM CAKE!  A random worker at MGM offered us this information since, as usual, our own hotel was incompetent...
From the well-lit exterior, the Excalibur exudes grandeur and a campy sense of regal chutzpah. However, upon entry, one immediately notices that the air is heavy, stale, and filled with cigarettes and regret.. . Following the path to the elevators through a sea of lights and sounds to distract the guests from the decaying castle, a very large sign begging visitors to enter fast food chain "Dick's Last Resort" is unavoidable. It seems a fitting metaphor to explain the reasoning for staying at the Excalibur, though the symbolism is clouded by the graffiti of "I Heart Dicks" bumper stickers and a long row of colorful frozen cocktail dispensers waiting to be poured into the yard-long containers that adorn the necks of the Hoveround drivers that crowd the walkways.. . The room itself is standard, with attempts at upgrades to keep pace with the newer hotels falling flat, but still appreciated. Ideal room temperature is difficult to achieve as the wall A/C moans and wheezes in distress, much like a Toyota Tercel attempting a steep grade in the summer. Achieving a restful night is also difficult aside from temperature fluctuations due in part to firm, dorm room-thin mattresses and the late-night battle cries of bachelorette parties reeling from the sexual arousal of the "Thunder Down Under" playing just a few floors below.. . Overall, the guest experience at the Excalibur is not at all what I expected. But, taking a page out of Arthurian legend and seeing the quest for glory being marred by unexpected challenges and encounters, it's undeniable that the Excalibur lived up to its name.
Hotel: I came her for the memorial day weekend, I was trying to have a good time in Vegas without spending an arm and a leg for the holiday weekend. The Valet line was extremely long, there was a lot of waiting just to drop the car off. Has the MGM Signature scent when you walk in which is a great thing. The registration line was fast and easy. I really couldn't hear the lady who checked me in though, I had to ask her yo repeat herself several times. Also the registration desk are very close together, I felt like me and the other guest were standing shoulder to shoulder. It was easy to find the room. It was clean but, old. The bathroom had stains in the toilet and on the tiles. The bed was comfy and the pillows were great. They had a couple of chairs in the room too which was a good little bonus. . . Spa: I called a head of time and booked a Spa package for $145.00. It was a 25 minute Swedish, 25 minutes facial and 60 minute Pedi. They asked me to arrive 30 min in advance to feel out paperwork, which actually only took 5 mins. I got a tour, which was really nice. The spa is nice period. However they were obviously understaffed, not that I already couldn't see that but the girl at the desk in the waiting room had discussed it with other coworkers in front of me. She didn't have anything positive to see about the situation. I showered and waiting in the waiting room for about 25 min. The massage therapist came and got me and told me that the massage was only going to be Back, neck and shoulders. Ummmk, it would have been nice to have been told that before but whatever. The massage was OK, it wasn't wonderful and I definitely could have taken a taxi a few block away and gotten a  better massage from massage Envy for a 1/4 of the price and double the time. She took me back to the front where I waited for my other services. I waited 30 mins for the lady to come and do my pedi. It was nice. I have no complaints with that part of the package. I was taken up to the front again where I waited another 30 mins. Since it was taking so long I asked how much longer I would have to wait, the front desk person told me that I only was scheduled for the two services.....ummm.. OK what about the facial?!? After she took 15 mins figuring out why I wasn't scheduled she came back and told me that there has been a "Mix up" and the first front desk person didn't provide a "card" to the person providing the facial and that is why I was left out of the schedule, so  her manager can either schedule me later on that day to get one or provide a refund. REFUND please! I was there from 9:30am-2:00pm just for two 25 min services...come on! At that point I was starving. I went up tot he front and wasn't really given an apology, they just processed my refund and said thank you for coming in. Ummm yea, no need to thank me, I won't be back. Ever. . . Pool: After eating I went to the pool, it was crowded given it being in the middle of the day and a holiday weekend. I immediately went to stand in line for a drink. While in line some guys said they were leaving and had paid $40 for the chairs they were sitting in and wanted to know if i wanted to sit there. I was like SCORE!!! being that I wouldn't have had anywhere to sit other wise. I got my drink and went and sat in their chairs. i sat there for about an 1.5hrs relaxing and enjoying just being out in the sun. At 5:40 a hotel service dude came and told me that i wasn't allowed to sit there without paying the $40 and that I would have to pay or leave...um...the pool closes at 6pm (In 20 mins), REALLY you're going to kick me out?!?! I told him that the guys that paid for the chairs for the whole day "gifted" them to me, but he told me that wasn't allowed. OK I guess I will have to go, because I am NOT going to pay $40 to sit here for the next 20 minutes. I understand them doing business and sells seating areas around the pool to guest that have already paid to rent rooms... I get it but REALLY?!? 20 mins, I mean come on its not like i wasn't a guest at the hotel. Whatever... . . Over all, when I think of hotels on the strip, this isn't the worst one. Honestly, I wouldn't stay here again. its old, and not my style. At the same time I don't like the idea of spending three times as much to stay up the street at a newer hotel as much as I go to Vegas. Sometimes I have to slum it, but I wouldn't slum it here again.
So I booked this hotel for the same reason that most do. The excellent rates. I also thought the Medieval theme was kind of neat. I had kids with me so I thought that the options offered at were kind of neat. As soon as I walked into the lobby the long lines shocked me. My check-in was on a weekday so I am not sure what the long lines were all about. I noticed that on everyday I walked by the registration area that the line was always long. After about a twenty-minute wait time we were off to our room in the "renovated" Tower 2. The room was pretty basic. Two beds with a common soft headboard separated by a nightstand. The room was fairly clean. The wall-mounted TV was huge which was great during the few minutes a day that I watched TV. I did not have a view so not much to note there. The one thing that I did find kind of annoying was the fact that there was camera mounted right outside the window so we could not open the blinds without feeling like we were under surveillance. Not sure if that is the case for all the rooms or not, but I could not bring in any natural light during the day with that damn thing there.  No gripes about the bathroom. It is what it is I guess. It was clean. If you have a ton of gadgets, as most do these days, finding a receptacle to charge said gadgets is nearly impossible. The most obvious place to find an outlet is right on the nightstand. Well in our room the outlet was on the base of the lamp that was on the nightstand. This outlet was equipped with only one plug-in for only one device. The frustrating thing about the outlet is that to plug in just about any charger we had we had to somehow tilt the lamp back then plug in the charger and hope that it stayed in. My suggestion for this issue is to put something underneath the lamp to keep it fixed at a tilted position. Finding any other chargers was like a scavenger hunt. Enough about the room. There are plenty of options for grabbing a quick bite. I do not recommend the buffet, but that was only me. Some in my group enjoyed it. The service personnel in this hotel also had bad attitudes. I understand they have jobs to do and all, but some were just over the top. I will not get into detail but some trouble areas were the lifeguard attendant who checks room keys before allowing you access to the pool area and the security in lost and found. Security moves at a snail's pace when helping you in retrieving your lost possessions. I understand thorough, but thorough can be done quickly.  And if you loose some of your personal belongings with your name on them do not wait for the hotel to look you up to see if you have a room. It will not happen. So hopefully you find your things before you return home. The arcade's hours are the worst. It closes too early and opens too late. Again, one of my reasons for picking Excalibur was for the options it had for kids. The arcade's hours took away one of those options. The pool was great beside the lifeguard access granter person and the rude guests who would leave their seats for over an hour and expect that seat to be reserved for them. Get real people. The sound system may be in need of an upgrade in the pool area. I could barley hear the tunes from some of the pools. And any time the little ones strayed away and got too close to the pool bar or to a machine on the casino floor the staff would quickly lash out at us to reel them in. I understand the law is the law, but show the same kind of excitement to help us out. Not sure if I would try this one again.
This review is for the entire Excalibur experience.. Really, it should get 2 1/4 stars.. . Chronological break down:. . Valet:  3 stars - They aren't the fastest, but when the lot is 'full' and you tell them you are a hotel guest, they make it work.. . Front Desk:  2 stars - Lines are crazy, and none of the staff are enthusiastic or overly nice.. . Room:  2 stars (in Tower 2 - NOT Tower 1 - avoid Tower 1).  For about $67 a night, we got a "double upgrade", which brought us to the room you might expect BUT IN NO WAY would think it was an upgrade.  The door stopper fell off the wall.  The decor was decent, the room was big enough for our family; the tv was large and probably only a couple years old.  The bathroom had poor water pressure.  No fridge in the room.  The A/C is a large window or wall unit, but worked well and had no odor.  The bed and furniture could be more comfortable.  Outlets are an issue, and garbage cans are super small.  The safe takes up as much space as a mini fridge, they should consider swapping that out.  BIGGEST GRIPE?  The window covering doesn't cover the entire window, and the drapes won't cover it either because they don't completely cross due to the air conditioning unit.  The noise level is almost unbearable at night, due to the outside noise on the strip.. . Casino Floor:  2 stars.  Many annoying 'free show' hoodlums.  Though this end of the strip is supposed to be the better end, I feel that this casino might attract some questionable or shady looking characters.  A little smelly - which I expected from Circus Circus but was surprised that they had no odor.. . Dining:  2.25 stars.  The prices everywhere in this casino should come down by an average of $1.50 per item - and I mean everything, from the stale pistachios in the gift shop to the $9 20 piece chicken nugget meal at McD's, to the $71 per ticket we paid for Tournament of Kings, to the mediocre Mexican food at Baja (the fish tacos are awesome, skip everything else because it is bland and dry).  The bars are overpriced - some drinks as high as $40 for margaritas (and I don't mean Don Julio 1942 margaritas, I mean bullshit margaritas).. . Gaming:  1.5 stars.  Though check in is a mile long, the casino floor is surprisingly empty.  Not much at craps, many closed black jack and pai gow tables, the poker room has cruddy tourneys and 1 table going compared to the Venetian's 59 tables...the slots do not include the most current ones, but still have some recent favorites and good old standbys like Wizard of Oz and Wheel of Fortune.  Dimly lit.  The smell of cocoa butter is overwhelming.. . Entertainment: 4 stars.  Tournament of Kings was fantastic - A+++.  Great actors and actresses, attentive service and compassionate.  The best part of Excalibur.  The underground fun dungeon is okay, much like a Chuck E Cheese meets a Carnival.  Reasonably priced surprisingly.  The pool was a lot of fun, very nice lifeguards, clean, music, 3 pools, a water slide.  Pretty good time overall.. . Overall, it wasn't the worst I could have imagined.  The prices on the strip were much higher at most other places, so for the price it was reasonable.  Probably would stay here again for the same price or less knowing what to expect, but wouldn't stay here with a better offer anywhere else OR for a penny more here!
I've stayed at the Excalibur before and this will likely be the last time I stay here.  The staff are very nice and professional. The rooms are usually clean.  However,  they're now charging a ridiculous $15 per night resort fee and there is no wifi in the rooms. There is a hot spot in the rear of the casino,  but that's it. I know pretty much every hotel on the strip charges the bogus resort fee, but the level of the fees has become simply outrageous. It's just another way to make more money without jacking up room rates.  For those fees,  there should be some actual amenities provided.
Saw the excalibur show - EXCELLENT.  The horse appeared in excellent condition.. . However the casino was nasty dirty.  Please consider hiring some folks to wipe down and clean up, did not want to touch the doors/windows.
We stayed here on a Thursday/Friday night to celebrate our anniversary. We arrived at around 5:00pm and the line to check in was crazy long but the staff handled it really well and were very organized. When we got to the front of the line we were directed to the VIP check-in area (they were handling the overflow). The guest services lady was not happy about helping "regular" guests in the VIP room (she complained to a manager who walked by while she was checking us in.  the manager said "I know they are just trying to get through the line as fast as possible".). So we kind've felt a little wired since she said it in front of us and the manager just kind've agreed with and sympathized with her.  . . We got a room with a nice view of the New York New York and the Strip.  But our AC was not working properly so we called and asked if someone could come by to check it. The maintenance guy came about 20 minutes later and was very friendly and fast. There were parts disconnected and the filter needed to be changed. . . The alarm clock in the room was not reset and it went off at 6:30am!!! Since we didn't go to bed until almost 3:00am that was terrible! And I couldn't figure out how to shut it off! I had a hard time going back to bed after that and we ended up getting up by 7:30am which ofcourse meant that we were very tired by around 3:00 in the afternoon and had to take a nap (yes we are old haha). The alarm clock fiasco kind've ruined our day. . . The Casino is conveniently located next to the Luxor and near the MGM and New York New York. We didn't spend much time in the Excalibur, there was an odd smell in certain areas, the AC in the Casino didn't really seem cold enough and there were men and women dressed in black who were constantly approaching us to ask if we wanted free show tickets which is a scam. I totally understand that they are doing their jobs and since they are scattered throughout the casino they don't know whose been approached and who hasn't (something they might want to work on) but its so tiring when you are approached 4 or 5 times just walking through the Casino to your room. We made a u turn because we were walking in the wrong direction and the same lady approached us twice in a matter of 60 seconds!  And they are so pushy, they follow you and talk to you even after you let them know your not interested.  Some of them were rude about it. It's pretty sad when you have to walk the long way just to avoid them, like there isn't enough walking going on in Vegas already! Haha. . We probably won't stay there again :(  Our not so friendly experience at check-in kind've set the tone for our stay. Not being able to relax when we got into our room after a five hour drive (since the AC was not working) and being woken up at 6:30am just compounded our dissatisfaction. . . The 2 stars are for the maintenance guy who was awesome and the location of the hotel.
I stayed here during the last week of June.  I think I stayed here 10 years ago and everything looks just the same. The nicest people at this hotel are, by far, the valet guys. It was SO hot out and they were friendly. Got back late one night to a full lot and the guy parked my car so I would not have to go back to creepy self-park all alone. So thanks valet dude. Check in didnt take long, dude was ok. It took forever to get our bags though. The casino reeks of smoke. Pee-youuuu.. . My room was on floor 7, tower one. One good thing is that it does not take 30 min to get to your room, like at MGM. The room though...yuck. It's just old. I felt like i was time warped to the 70's. The beds.... Not good. One week later and my back and neck still hurt from the beds/pillows.  Fixtures and lamps and stuff were dirty. Bathroom was small, it was clean enough. Towels were very thin and stained. Maids we saw in the hallway were super nice and gave us what we needed. . . Excalibur hotel has a good food court. You also get a nifty little coupon book.  Would I stay here again? Only if I absolutely have to. My advice is spend the extra few bucks and get a nicerroom at a newer hotel. . . Enjoy Vegas, baby!
It was cheap? For about $200 for a weekend cheap - I guess what follows are to be expected. At least the AC worked!!! Just really really loudly..... . The rooms were clean (although not cleaned between nights; same makeup stains on my bedsheets and random **** on the floor from the day before) and didn't smell of smoke. Besides that, this place sucks. Please let me elaborate:. . 1) The casino smelled akin to a hot-boxed half century old water logged chevy with a burning tire in the rear. 2) Do they not clean their shot glasses? There was some sticky SOMETHING hanging on the inside of the glass touching my vodka and they refused to pour me a new shot!! That goose was expensive to waste.... 3) NASTY pool. I mean....there was so much "stuff" in the water that you couldn't see your hands clearly at waist level.. 4) You got a mean dealers that wouldn't explain the rules of the game to someone who wasn't very familiar with the game. You two had NO ONE else there, but me. By contrast, the dealers at Aria were more than happy to take the time to explain the game rules and even offer some advise. Might be different with the other dealers, but 2/2 was enough for me.. 5) I'm not a big fan of the super old moldy look. . If you're looking for cheap and to save $ for gambling - this is the place for you. But for me, I'm going to spend the extra $$$$ to get a nicer place next time.
Cheap, feels dirty, and quality is just not there. The only plus side is that it's on the strip and really connected to the surrounding area, and the stores on the second level.
Stayed here 4 times altogether.  You get what you pay for.  Thats that.. . Mostly everything is about 15-20 years behind the bar.  Mostly outdated.. . Drink service on the floor is slow, but this place always seems to get pretty busy too.. . They have never had any worthwhile shows, unless your a fan of half-naked Australian men...
Very middle of the road or even a little under.. Sports book is probably the nicest nook. I upgraded to a suite & honestly it looked like a regular room. I give this two stars.
This hotel smells...ew I would never stay here.
I'm so done staying here.. It's not the rooms.. You get what you pay for with those. A comfortable (yet dated) place to sleep right on a great part of the strip.. The reason I am never coming back is because of constantly being bothered by the timeshare people (or whatever they are selling) who hit you up every single time you walk down the hall to Tower I or Tower II.. I'm on vacation. I'm trying to relax. I don't need you to try and sell me stuff when I'm already staying here.. See ya, Excal!
The Excalibur gets two stars only because the Chapel did a fantastic job while every other aspect was a nightmare.  The AC in the room didn't work right and I was left with a sinus issue that's had me coughing up a lung for 4 days.  We were put in tower one which is the worst.  Avoid that tower at all cost!  . Everything looks dirty except the Chapel, again the only highlight.  Basically tear down the whole thing except the chapel and the pool and start over.  . The security guards are rude when they give important information and it seems like the right hand doesn't talk to the left.  I had to walk half way around the casino only to be told that I couldn't access my vehicle due to a crime scene.  . No one cared that it was my wedding night they just rudely told me and my group we couldn't access our vehicles.  I will never stay there again.
I guess it must go with the medieval theme to NOT have coffee pots in the room! That's pretty Middle Ages! We ended up having to bring our own, and, unless you want to pay $13 a pot (plus tip) for room service, or go wandering through the smelly, smoky casino in the morning looking for a coffee shop, I would recommend you bring one too. Other than that, the rooms were fine and we got a good deal on Booking.com.
The hotel room was very outdated and the location is not so central since you cannot wait to get out of your room to feel civilized. The gambling is set up very well but it is not a hotel I would recommend if you want to have any romance to your stay. This hotel is perfect for those who just want to throw their bags down and go!
Some holidays stay with you for the wrong reasons. . Let's see:. * The horrendous smoke in the casino. * The extremely rude security guards . * The people banging on the doors all hours. * or the loud grinding air-con. . . Great place to stay if you were at a conference or not wanting any sleep. . . The pool and spa closes at 6pm. What's with that? . . These are not trivial things. The fun and enjoyment of Vegas made up for the accommodation. . . Oh, I forgot to mention the terrible hawkers who hassle you at every entrance. How many times do you news to say 'No'. I was thinking of getting a shirt made up. . . We checked out of here and went to the Bellagio. Spend the extra for quality service. . . One positive, the room staff tried hard to make our stay pleasant. We tipped them well but everything else was a shambles. . . Stayed in five hotels on out trip all around this price range. This one was easily the worst. . . Oh, no Wifi either. WTF!
The room gets 1 star, but being on the strip earns it another star. I'd stay somewhere else if i could do it again.
There is no wireless Internet in the hotel.  My room didn't have an internet cable.  there is a $20 resort fee to pay for the Internet (pool, workout room, and other amenities).  So to get a beat up room (with a gross bathroom) for 40 bucks actually means a $60 room without wireless Internet.  Two stars instead of one because the bed was comfortable (or well broken in - I am still too tired to care).
Stayed here a few years ago and it was horrible. Went in to play a few games and was promptly harassed by a, fat, greasy security guard who thought it would be amusing to try and walk away with my drivers license. I'm pretty sure The Excalibur is a vacuum cleaner that just sucks up all the assholes that picked on everyone in middle school and high school and gave them a job. Which is sad and ironic, because Dick's Last Resort, while having mediocre food and is one of the more entertaining eateries on the strip, is located in this shitty hotel and casino.
Eh. For someone who was on their first visit to Vegas, I sure wasn't impressed.  The outside and inside are completely tacky.. . I only stayed for 3 days and only played 1 round of roulette (the dealer was very nice when I realized at the last second I made the wrong bet and she let me change it) My group mainly stuck to ourselves playing slots into the wee hours.. . The room itself was decent,  nothing special. We paid next to nothing to stay here, which is pretty much what its worth. If I ever go to Vegas again, I'll be staying somewhere else. . P.S. Fireball is the best slot game ever
