I thought it was over-hyped for what  I spent and received service wise. I was overall very disappointed. i went there to celebrate my BF's birthday and told the hostess it was his birthday, then told the waitress, and even told the water guy....and my BF still DID NOT receive the birthday dessert. :( I ordered sweet potato tempura and a king crab California roll and could not believe how dry the rice was. I get a better California roll at my local place back home for a quarter of the price. When we finished eating, it took them 30 mins to bring us the check!? I was so annoyed at this point. I always tip, but in this instance i did not. I did explain on the receipt why I didn't tip too. For how much hype this place gets I am sad to say I was not impressed.
WARNING!. We sat right by the Bar/Kitchen. First of all, tables should not be put where you can be knocked in the head by a box/carton of anything. We could see straight into the bar-tending Pick-up area. I looked up and saw 3 glasses of red drinks. A waitress took one straw, swirled the drink, put the straw IN HER MOUTH and TASTED IT, did not change the straw, and TOOK IT OUT TO SERVE!!! Hello Disease!. . Now for the real review - . . . 8:40pm 4/10/11. Showed up early on a Mon night for 9:15pm reservation, hostess said we were not on the list, very unprofessional. Was told to wait on the non-reservation line. Terrible. . . 9:40pm 4/10/11. . Staff: Our Waiter was great, attentive but not overbearing. Food:.      Appetizers: DELICIOUS.                Thai Crab Cakes with mango chili sauce - HOLY COW THIS WAS EXCELLENT! It may be REAL crabmeat!.                Pork Potstickers with a chili sesame glaze - Pretty Darn Good!.                Peking Duck Spring Roll with hoisin sauce - Not as good as the traditional Peking Duck Bun but it was pretty fun in a spring roll presentation..  .      Entrees: Eh.                Wasabi Crusted Filet Mignon with tempura of onion rings.                 - It was not crusted... the (yummy) "crust" was a tiny bit on TOP of the Filet Mignon. The onion rings were terrible. Battered with no spices. The steak was cooked perfectly but a bit on the salty side. .                Tao Shabu Shabu kobe beef cooked in a ginger scallion broth with wasabi dipping sauce.                 - The 1 oz ($17) of Kobe Beef was 2-3 THIN slices of beef (2in x 1in). Broth tasted like soy. The sauce was all soy tasting too.
Great appetizers, skip the entrees.  The filet mignon is very dry.  Everything is served with a heaping dose of house techno to try to force you to be upbeat while eating over-priced food.
The food was okay but for the price paid, this was an average experience. Be prepared for a rather depressing ambience, loud music from the neighboring club (even if you are there for a quiet evening). The staff at the entrance is rather rude! For all the hype, this place mildly disappoints.
How do I say this, ok the food is mediocre at best. It's not terrible just average and not worth the hefty prices they charge for entrees. The best dish we had was the side of eggplant, it was really tasty and so much of it enough for 5 people. . . The cocktails were good but overpriced as well. . . The best thing I can say about Tao is the service they are very attentive which I'm sure isn't easy considering how dark and loud it is in there. What makes having dinner at Tao worth the money is you get your hand stamped and don't have to stand in the unbelievable line that is waiting to get in the hottest club in Vegas. Once we finished our dinner we went downstairs and out to get in the no-line, line we waited 5 minutes at the most. The club is insane and I'm glad we went to dinner so we could just walk right in. . . Next time I go to Vegas if I want to go to the club again I would go for dinner first, I would definitely go early the crowd is unbelievable. . . If your not planning on going to the club there are better Asian-Fusion restaurants so save your money.
Came here for a quick dinner before I start drinking at the Tao Club.  I order 6 pieces of sushi roll. Wasn't bad, until I got my bill. Just under $50 for 6 pieces of maki and a coke.
Tao restaurant is a great restaurant with great food quality. Unfortunately the people that work there are clueless in how to work in a high quality restaurant environment. . . First of all the server never introduces his name and he absolutely hate to check on his table. How come you ask a birthday person if he really want the dessert?? Of course he want his dessert?? What are you? Stupid?? Its his birthday you idiot!!!. . But now lets get to the food item.  Seabass appetisers was good and must try, lobster wonton was soggy and over rated, absolutely not for us.. . Now, watch out if you are going to order their PEKING DUCK. They cheat. Putting the price of $36 I asked the server if that price means the whole duck? He said yes. But when the bill comes its mark $72 on the bill apparently they charged $36 perperson for that damn duck. Its the most expensive duck I ever ate in my life and its not even all that good. I think this server is trying to scam people out of a nice dining experience.. . I only give this place an extra star because they do have an awesome birthday dessert that comes in a big fortune cookie and that my lovely fiancee took me here knowing that I might love the ambiance. . . Well,I did enjoy it, I love the decor and their food, but their service suck balls!!!
The decor was nice. The entrance was BEAUTIFUL!. . The food.. eh. Everything was so salty. I had the scallops with curry. It was too spicy and salty. Everyone else's food was salty too.. . The server was wonderful though. 2 of my friends left early for a show and needed to come back to get a "line pass" stamp for the club that night. He was so nice about it. And told me exactly what I needed to do to get it. The nightclub on the other hand... that's a separate review.
I'm disappointed, Tao. The first two times I went, you had this amazing delicious black pepper filet mignon steak udon noodles dish that was an orgasm in my mouth. Then you took it off the menu. Now, you are not only overpriced and loud with crappy service, your food is mediocre at best.  . . We had table reservations for 10:15 pm, and we were seated at 11:30 pm. Granted we went on the night that jay-z went to Tao the club, but still. . Our food took 30 minutes to come out. I wasn't even hungry anymore at this point and my friend took a nap at the table stone cold sober because we were so tired and bored. . Waiter definitely didn't give a crap about us at that point in the night and didn't bother checking back on us. . My friend ordered the chilean sea bass and it was good, very soft and chewy. A bit too sweet. . Another friend ordered the salmon on a bed of udon noodles and she said the noodles were not good. . I ordered the wasabi crusted steak. It was good, but not worth the 2 hour wait and $35 price tag. . . I would not recommend. However, if you do go, definitely make reservations and try not to go on a weekend or when a huge star is making an appearance...haha. . . Great sake selection. Tao's a pretty awesome place to drink and dance (aka go for the club, not for the restaurant) and to see hot girls.
It'd been a while since I'd eaten at Tao; I have a tendency to think of it more as a club than a restaurant (I have a feeling the staff does too). The host made us wait and said "I'll see what I can do" when we said we didn't have a reservation, giving us the impression that they might be booked. Inside, there were enough tables to make my girlfriend and I roll our eyes. . .  The Good: The drinks were amazing. We had the Tiger Lilly and the Black Pearl. The desert was also amazing (molten chocolate cake with coconut ice cream).  My girlfriend really liked the spicy smoked salmon roll. We thought the jalapeno yellowtail was decent. The decor is really pretty. . .  The bad: The bus staff rushed around us and passed things over our head unsteadily. It makes it hard to relax when you worry that your girlfriend is going to get trampled because she's near a service entrance. The waiter was nice, but paced the meal poorly, so we spent a lot of time just waiting after we finished our jalapeno yellowtail. The music was also very loud and made it hard for us to hear each other or the waiter.. . The ugly: The sushi wasn't fresh. The wild yellowtail, the white tuna and the hawaiian snapper were all virtually indistinguishable because they shared a common tinge of whatever coolers they were in. The soft shell crab roll was pretty tasteless and the sauce didn't add anything other than moisture to a dry roll. . .   My tiny girlfriend was hungry again after a couple of hours in the casino and we ended up going for another meal, so was that $130+tip we spent at Tao worth it?
I'm back in Vegas once more for another convention and my colleagues want Asian food so we try and book a table at Fin at the Mirage but they have no availability. The only other place I can think of is Tao at the Venetian but based on my trip to the one in NY I was not hugely enthusiastic. I put the idea out there and my colleagues wanted to give it a try.. . What a mistake. Although it's more spacious than the NY venue the food was dire, it all tasted the same, like it had all been cooked in the same oil or something. The waiter pulled the bottled water trick, he came to the table askedif we wanted regular or bottled water while in the process of opening the bottled water.. . I suspect that the duck rolls were exactly the same as the ones in NY so I suspect they are purchased in rather than made in the kitchen.. . In summary, I would have been mortified if I had taken clients here. Drinks maybe but food most definitely not.
The nightclub opens around 5 and is directly on top of and open with the restaurant. It was so noisy I had to talk loudly for my fiance to hear me. The satay of Chilean sea bass was great. The filet mignon was over cooked and dry. The chinese sausage fried rice and buddhas feast were both good. The service was sub par on our visit. Service was so slow we had to rush to make our show.
The food here was horrible and EXPENSIVE!!! How the hell did our bill, three rather thin chicks, come up to $300?????? I was baffled, maybe we didn't pay attention to what we ordered but I know for a fact that we did not have that many (alcoholic) drinks to amount to $300. The food was rather bland and felt as if it had been prepared in a rush, and mind you we were starving. We all know that food while in the starving stage tastes amazing!!! Oh no, not at TAO. The decor is fancy, very nice, but it's a cover-up for their nasty food. The waiter was really cool, attentive, and friendly. Plus he was from Compton! Heeeeey, I'm from LA.
Went here for a birthday dinner.  It's my second time here and it was much like the first, fun because both times were celebrations and I enjoyed the company I was with but other then that this place is beyond OVERRATED and I wouldn't come here on my own accord.  I had the orange chicken which honestly could have come from PF Changs where I would have gotten more and paid much less.  Didn't bother with drinks because I'm just not willing to spend $14 for a drink.  Waitress also tried to overcharge us for something that was her mistake and acted like she would try and fix it.  She did but acted like it was big deal.  I thought the large fortune cookie dessert was the best part of the evening.  Very creative and shared with a group of seven.  Some would recommend this place for date night but I probably wouldn't unless you like yelling to be heard.
Very disappointed in this place. I got hyped up by the 5 start reviews but TAO is far from 5 stars. We were politely greeted by our server who was very enthusiastic about the place. I asked him what the most popular dish was & he responded with " Miso Glazed Sea Bass " . The fish was cooked properly, tasted & looked great. We also ordered "Omakase" style sushi which means that the consumer trusts the chef to create a plate based on his skills & tastes. This is where i was very disappointed, we payed $58 for 6 or 7 pieces of basic, dull sushi. Nothing creative or original. If i may add i personally think that Whole Foods sushi is gourmet compared to TAO sushi. After a disappointing dinner i had conversed with our waiter for a few minutes about fine dinning & how TAO is not anywhere near that. Once he realized that i am a true connoisseur of fine cuisine he immediately started to blame the restaurant for catering to people who don't get to try Asian cuisine & wont expect a 5 star quality, and thats why i wouldn't be impressed by anything there. He himself recommended us to a few 5 star sushi restaurants around town. For $120 with gratuity i feel like this place is not only a rip off but very hyped up for absolutely no reason besides the decor inside. Never going to dine at this establishment again.
The food was decent, but we went to eat here last night and it was the worst service I have ever experienced. Our waiter did not bring our credit cards back and we didn't realize it so 2 of us left our cards there, we called back the next morning to see if they had our cards and they told us they didn't have them 3 TIMES. finally the fourth time we called we insisted that they check elsewhere and they found them. Then when we went to get the cards back they were EXTREMELY rude and acted like it was an imposition for us to be there. We will be calling the manager later to speak with them about it. Don't waste your time here, the food isn't good enough for the trouble.
Don't let the ultra-cool surroundings distract you from the fact that when you bring your date here, you'll be paying about 150 bucks for P.F. Changs with smaller portions.
The good: service, beautiful, stylish restaurant.  . The bad: music from nightclub is a distraction, soup and food was cold, vegetables, soup and Thai noodles were  bland and tasteless.  Expensive for what you get.  You'd be better off at Pei Wei 's or PF Changs.  Unless you are young and headed to the adjoining nightclub don't waste your money here.
So after promising myself I wouldn't come back to Tao to eat, here I am again with my fiance because it was 1130 pm at night and Tao is one of the few restaurants still open. Unless you want to eat McD or Panda Express of course...which ain't nothing wrong with that. . . We got good service but the waiter was SO PUSHY about ordering drinks. Sir, it's almost midnight and we plan to go to bed after this meal, we do not want your specialty rose flavored cat sake no matter if it's in season! . . We ordered:. . Chicken gyoza pan fried - super delicious. Great with the barely sweet soy sauce it came with. . Beijing duck for two - freshly sliced duck with crispy skin and crisp scallions on the side. Plum sauce was good and did not overwhelm. moo shi pancakes were freshly made and melted in your mouth. . . So a good meal, although it is a bit pricy for the value of the food. I don't know what it is about Tao, but it's also busy so it takes FOREVER to get your food. We got our appetizer in 25 min and then another 20 min wait for the duck after that. . . Kept our waters refilled and our dishes cleared. I guess I'd come back again for lunch, dinner just takes too long. . . Very very loud and dark.
Grossly over priced Chinese food that is mediocre at best. The pepper filet was ok. The orange chicken was downright bad. . . The pros are the dumplings and the atmosphere is nice.
Very disappointing! We went in with friends for a 20th anniversary celebration, the sushi was very thinly sliced and not top notch (as promised by our waiter...). The prices were ridiculous for the portions, but that's what you get for ordering sushi in Vegas, I guess. Will not be back. Ever.
***We had a large party menu (fixed) at Tao's and that could have contributed to the experience; the food was mediocre with some of the courses being decent, but more of them with a quality and flavor similar to a PF Chang's***. . Tao has never been high on my list to try in Las Vegas, but I've definitely heard a lot about it--especially since it is both a restaurant and, I believe, a nightclub after dinner ends.  Tao was also featured on the Food Network's Best Thing I Ever Ate where Duff Goldman selected their satay of Chilean sea bass as his favorite thing in Las Vegas.. . Tao is located in The Venetian and it is a big spot with a dark decor (very loud as well).  Tao's huge menu is very modern Asian or Asian fusion with a wide variety of items including sushi, sashimi, edamame, satay, tuna tartare, hot and sour soup, dumplings, spring rolls, BBQ meats, tempura, wok-fried meat, poultry and seafood dishes, fried rice, and noodles.. . Everything was kind of okay, but while a few dishes were noticeably better than what you would get at a PF Chang's, a lot of it wasn't (and Tao carries a much higher price tag though part of that is because Tao is in Las Vegas).  We did have a fixed party menu so maybe more freshly prepared dishes would have stood out more though the flavors were not exciting or memorable.. . Service was fine.  The food came out at a good pace.. . As mentioned, prices were high for a just okay Asian fusion restaurant.. . Tao does offer many different dishes and it brings in a lot of customers to make for a lively atmosphere so if either of those two qualities appeal to you, Tao might be worth checking out.  But if you are looking for high quality food or good value, Tao might not be the best choice on The Strip.. . Like other Las Vegas casinos on The Strip, The Venetian offers both free self and valet parking.
I will start by saying that this was once my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas, but I doubt that I will be back. I actually ate here twice on this trip to Las Vegas and I was extremely disappointed both times. The first time we went we ordered a couple of appetizers and a few sushi rolls. The lobster wonton was good but the sushi rolls were not. They came out 2 minutes after ordering them meaning that they had been made well in advance and they were no where near as good as in the past. We also got several piecess of salmon, tuna and yellowtail sashimi. In the past they would have brought us one big tray with all of this sushi as well as lemon, cucumber and other extras that drastically change the flavor of the sushi in a good way. This time it was quickly thrown on a small plate and it tasted like it had been sitting out for a while.. . I ended going again because some other friends had just gotten in town and wanted to try it out. Once again I was disappointed. The sashimi was still way over priced. We go the yellowtail sashimi with jalapenos and ponzu and it was good but not $20 good for 4 small (really small) pieces. The sea bass was good but not good enough to out weigh the negatives.. . The atmosphere is still fun but it is slightly louder then I remember. You can tell that the place is going downhill in popularity as well since there were over 50% of the tables were empty on a Friday night at 9:00.
Only reason we came here was to get free entry to tao nightclub. Otherwise food is mediocre at best and super expensive. Plus when you have a reservation, why do they make you hang out for another 30 mins in the bar/lounge area before seating you?! What's the point of the reservation?!!!
I appreciate a fine dining experience as much as the next guy and am certainly not opposed to dropping the kind of coin it cost for such an experience. However, Tao in the Venetian in Las Vegas was nothing short of a major disappointment. Our dinner consisted of two people, one drink each, two apps, two entres (I had the wasabi Filet Mignon) and one dessert. Tab with tip was just short of $180.. . The service was exceptional as expected but the food, our primary reason for booking this visit, was just average. I would suggest RA as I have eaten there a number of times and it never disappoints.
I'm surprised I didn't review this place earlier. My Vegas trip was early December and my bridesmaids and I chose this spot to come after our Chip and Dale's show to keep the party going.. . what a buzz kill. . . We had reservations and they stuck us under a fan/vent/ i dont know what and it was so cold. They did try to change the temperature which was very accommodating of them but it didn't make a difference. They didn't offer to move us away from the vent. . . The food was not good... like at all, I tried really hard to like this place because we were all in such high spirits but I could see how progressively we were just getting more tired of TAO . . I didn't have a drink but my bridesmaids weren't wowed (I mean for what your paying there, should you be?) and the food wasn't even half-way good.. the waiter got bombarded with large parties and it took forever to get out of there. . . All in all I have to say as a New Yorker there are so many delicious options in terms of dining out no matter where you are (times square included) you could always find a reliable high rated yelp no matter your location but I noticed Las Vegas just plain sucks for dining out. . . Most yelp ratings for these places are all 3 star averages and Peppermill was not good it was just excess.. the only redeeming food establishment was the delicious Tacos el Gordo which deserves 5 + stars. . . Save your  money and go elsewhere TAO stinks. I've had better chinese take out.
This place was the biggest disappointment ever. Definitely on the list of the worst restaurant meals I've had. I ordered the chicken pad thai and gross. It was horrible and tasted dry. If you do order it - share, the portion is HUUUUGEE.. . This place gets two stars because the customer service was good.
Had a rather expensive meal at Tao and went away less than thrilled with the overall experience. Mediocre to acceptable food, high cost for small portions, slow service, and a poorly laid out restaurant design lacking anything visually appealing. Ok, the big Buddha was pretty cool, but that was about it. Between food, service, and atmosphere, would think they have got one of them right? All lacked substance. Seemed like a restaurant that is resting on its laurels. Since this is about Vegas, herding people in, getting as much money as they can, and then some, it is what it is. What it is not, a place I would come back.
The service was a mess an absolute mess !.  . You sit they want to take your order. I ordered chicken skewers that came out room temperature. I hardly finished when the person I was with entree came out. He was practically done with his entree, and then my sushi came. I love eating alone. I asked where my food was and why they brought out an entree when I just got my appetizer. They shrugged I think there are few menu items that everyone orders and they are practically cooking them every 5 minutes and they bring them out. I was very disappointed I knew the food would not be excellent but the service made it by far worse. I ordered a crab and salmon roll for my entree that was just average. the place was not even a good scene. The lady was supposed to come stamp our hands to go to the club and she never showed. Thew waiter reminded her again and she still never came. I actually saw the crowd heading in and thought it would be better idea if we passed anyhow. Not my scene at all  !
Tao is a beautiful restaurant and the food is very good.  Especially the Chilean sea bass it was to die for.. . However the service was very bad.  Our server was non-existence.  Only came a couple of times and it took 10 minutes to take our order.. . He seem pre-occupied and even when he took our order he was looking elsewhere. . . We spent $200 for two people but I had way better service at Denny's.. . I wish I had brought it up to the manager at the time but we were in a rush to get to a club.  I guess it's a hit and miss reading some of these reviews.  All else equal this would of been a 5 star but service was so bad it warrants only 2.
Not impressed.. . I was very excited for this restaurant, amidst all the hype and reviews.  The big buddha especially was appealing.  We considering just popping by for the club at first, but decided we may as well just eat here instead.  Boy do I regret that.. . First, the service.  For a high-scale, populous, touristy area such as where Tao is located, I would except only the best of service.  This started on the wrong foot, when my party was running 15 minutes late, and called out of politeness to notify and apologize to the restaurant like we always do.  Here's a first:  when I asked if our reservation could be pushed back by 15 minutes due to a slight delay, the hostess replied, "15 minutes should be okay.. any later, and it's up to the manager's discretion on your reservation."  What?  What kind of BS rudeness is this.  I can understand that for a top-notch restaurant, space is limited and therefore any outrageously late reservations / no shows will be given to people who have been waiting for a seat.  But we were only 15 minutes late, and by the time we arrived, there was no one waiting in line.  That just added salt to the wound - if there had been an extremely long line with multiple aggravated parties waiting to be seated, sure.  But don't spout some BS to us over the phone and cause us to rush when it wasn't even needed with a passive aggressive threat to our reservation.  Also, during my reservation, we had requested a seat next to the large Buddha.  Granted, I understand requests are not always given, but it was for my girlfriend's graduation dinner, and the fact that there were empty seats around the Buddha when we passed by it made me wonder what exactly the manager does when training his employees on the ideals of service.  Nevertheless, we spoke up when they attempted to seat us in some dark corner, and waited while the hostess "discussed" with another our seating preferences, and reseated us after 2-3 minutes.  . . Moving on, the decor.  They get an additional star for this, otherwise this would have been a one-star review.  As a tourist, we love seeing flashy, new things - my camera is always ready in my hand.  First, they had multiple beautiful rose petal water baths in the entrance (for visual pleasure of course).  The light was dimly set, but not dark enough where you can't see a thing due to the illuminations of all the other decor.  Aside from the various Asian inspired ornaments we saw, the Big Buddha was again the most appealing factor of this restaurant.  Definitely bring a camera if you're the type who wants to see things like this - it'll be one of your only high points of the night.. . Third, food.  Meh.  PF Changs puts the same amount of flavor, for 1/3 of the price.  It's basically just heavy MSG foods with some fancy names, and more expensive types of food such as lobster.  I won't go too deep into what we had, but our party had a variety of different types ranging from sushi rolls to lobster to fish.  The fish was the best - it was flaky, with a great texture and the right amount of sauce.  Everything else fell far below my expectations.  . . Fourth, price.  Ugh.  $35-$40 per entree.  And I feel as if I could get most of this from my local chinese take-out, minus some expensive stuff like lobster.  However, just because you offer a few expensive dishes doesn't mean you can charge premium price.  If the taste isn't there, it's not worth it.  If the service is subpar, it's not worth it.  I would have been fine with Tao, possibly giving it 3-4 stars, if these dishes are maximum $20.  But for what we got - a rehash of what we could get anywhere else, for up to $40+?  Hell no.. . Summary:  Unless you really need to fill your tourist bucket list and see the Big Buddha, avoid this place.
My boyfriend and I decided to visit Tao after watching a Cirque show. We were quite tired and hungry from all the walking, so all we wanted was a place to sit, relax, eat, and drink. Tao seemed like the pretty obvious choice since we were staying at The Venetian, but we were definitely wrong.. . We walked into the dimly lit establishment and we were greeted by 3 individuals at the door. As if the doormen didn't scream "pretentious", we just had to walk in to find out more.. . One of the hostesses walked us over to our table and said that the waiter would be over shortly. We waited, and waited, and waited and waited until my boyfriend looked at me with pity because I appeared to be very thirsty and no one had come to take our drink orders after 20 minutes! This is beyond ridiculous, IMO, especially when there were about 3 waiters circulating in our area. As he grabbed my hand to pull me out of there, a waitress came by (in the nick of time), to say "oh, where are you going?" when we proceeded to say "we were just about to leave" when her slew of apologies came flourishing out and we felt obliged to stay. At about 25 minutes into our stay, we finally received our glasses of water. . . That night, I decided to order the chicken pad thai while my bf had the crispy orange chicken. Our waitress put a rush order in for our food and we were served in less than 15 minutes.. Pad thai- flavorless and watery. It almost felt like a pad thai soup. I thought letting it sit for a bit would cool it down and let the sauce thicken, but that didn't help. Crispy orange chicken- it was good, but it wasn't amazing. . . Our waitress then decided to go on break and left us waitressless. We asked about 3 people for our bill because we had had enough, but it wasn't until 15 minutes later that we finally received our bill. My bf and I religiously tip our waiters, but this was just a downhill battle that Tao would not win. Tip? Provide better service and don't rely on the hype around your establishment to make your food taste better.
Omakase was very lacklustre, I was served the $58 by mistake and still thought it was overpriced.. . Tuna was both oily and stringy with no visible fat. Salmon was bland and flavourless in the omakase but more acceptable when ordered as nigiri.. . 3/10, would not recommend.
I understood this was more of a fusion restaurant and I really enjoy fusion, which is what this place is trying to pull off. I was hoping it would be somewhat of a glorified PF Changs. I ordered the filet dish, however it was the most disgusting thing I have ever had. It was way too salty. They drowned the filet in black bean sauce. It was as if they had poured an entire jar of black bean sauce right over it. I wanted to finish my $80+ meal and plus I was hungry, but I could NOT get myself to swallow it was so salty. My friend ordered the kung pao chicken. She was gagging because it was so salty. We also ordered a side of chinese broccoli. How can you go wrong with gai lan?? Again it was drenched in oyster sauce. We hardly touched our food because it was so disgusting. I am not exaggerating when I say you can get better tasting food from Panda Express. Meanwhile we overheard one of the gentlemen sitting at the next table going on and on about how great his Kung Pao Chicken was. I guess we all have our opinions and he obviously does not have any tastebuds. . Don't go here. Food is disgustingly salty. Spend your money at the buffet instead.. I noticed that Vegas steak houses tend to make their steak extremely salty as well. Maybe it's a Vegas thing?
I went to Tao Asian Bistro today with a group. The decor outside looks like it lures in people. We inside around 5, it wasn't crowded yet. I didn't except it to be dark and the ac was on full blast. The music was really noisy. We got the 3 course meals where there are 5 dishes in each course.  I didn't like half the food they served us; they were either too dry or there was too much seasoning. Chinese Sausage Fried Rice was decent. Wok-seared New York Sirloin was ok... alittle bit charred. After we were waiting for the bill, it was like 30 mins later they arrived with the bill. When we were leaving the exit was filled with people at the bar. I don't understand why the bar is so close to the front... My experience was horrible. I will not be going there again.. 2.5/10
Might have been better if McDonald's burgers came with guaranteed entry to Tao's nightclub.. . Descended upon Tao with a bachelor party for a bachelor party-sized spreadand activities.  Tao the club was buzzing, and a deal including dinner at the restaurant and bottle service in the club for about $150/pp was actually a pretty solid deal.. . Unfortunately, Tao's food is nothing to write home about.  Essentially P.F. Chang's with even more offensive interior decor, Tao's "Asian" food is basically designed for the lowest common denominator - the Midwestern palate.. . Spring rolls were okay.  Potstickers were okay.  Crispy orange chicken came straight from the cauldrons of Panda Express.  Soy ginger salmon was okay - the udon was a bit unruly though.  Desserts were excessive.  What the hell were they thinking with a chocolate-filled egg roll?  A bite guarantees an oral blast of too-sweet chocolate, versus that same blast recreating a chocolate necklace on your clubwear.. . But yes, we did get to skip the Tao line.  Maybe a solution would be to pre-eat elsewhere, then just drop the money for nightclub purposes and save yourself the culinary dishonor.
Had a 7:45 reservation: was seated at 8:30. Scallops were rubbery, sea bass wasn't as stellar as the server was raving about. Lobster kimchee fried rice wasn't anything to write home about. The only things we enjoyed were the appetizers: crab cakes and lobster ravioli. For the price, I'd rather go to Hakkasan.
The first time I came was about 4 years ago for a comp dinner with a few friends. I don't remember the food exactly, but I so remember myself saying that I would have been upset if I had paid for my meal. . . Fast forward 4 years to October 24, 2013. I was invited to dinner for someone's "birthday." I wasn't too thrilled it was being celebrated here since I don't remember having an awesome experience before. Restaurant is a bit cramped, but they do cater to very large parties. I wasn't too bothered by the lighting being dark, but I could see how it would bother other people who actually want to see their food. As for the noise level, it's located in a club, so expect it to be above normal. None of this really bothered me, it's the actual food that gets to me.. . If I'm going to dish out $$$ for food, it better be spectacular. And Tao did not deliver. I ordered the sizzling rice with Peking duck. For the price I paid, I could have just made that myself. I also got to sample the other dishes my friends ordered, and I was not impressed by any of them. The highlight of the night was the dessert platter which I thought was yummy. There are so many other good places to eat in Vegas for way less money. I know for sure I won't be back.
The food here was underwhelming and over priced, while the restaurant itself is very dark and obnoxiously loud.  Underwhelming enough that I don't remember everything that I tried, over priced enough that it's 2x - 3x the cost of the same dishes elsewhere, dark enough that phones/flashlights are required to illuminate the menus, and loud enough that you'll be yelling at the person sitting across from you.. . I ordered the pad thai and had a chance to try the fried rice and some other dishes, and they were all forgettable.  Much of the menu consists of standard rice, noodle, meat and seafood dishes that you can find at other Asian restaurants.  The most memorable thing was the dessert platter that was brought out to celebrate an anniversary; pic: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tao-asian-bistro-las-vegas#qI9V2F49kHQExsdTIycXpg. . Can't really see myself coming back here.  There are better options within The Venetian/Palazzo to dine at.
