I expected more from this place. Not worth the trip if you're on the strip.
First, I didn't realize that the location was so far from our house. It was listed as a "deal nearby" even though it was over 25 minutes away. I am a huge fan of Kogi in California. I had the pleasure of eating Kogi at Coachella last year.. . So, I was thrilled that a Korean-Mexican fusion restaurant was here in Vegas. So, after driving forever, we arrived. The first thing I was greeted with was "we are closed and we didn't lock the doors. Butif you order now, you can take it to go." Thanks to everyone's reviews I knew what to order.. . The bulgogi quesadilla was very greasy. The fried kimchee had a layer of grease floating on it. The meat didn't have the marinated flavor everyone talked about. The bulgogi burrito had a lot of rice and beans, lots of filler. The highlight was the spam musubi. The spam was fried and crispy. . . So my experience could be just bad because we got there at closing. I would have rather left than paid for ok food and received the impression I was inconveniencing the owners.
i normally just do check in quick reviews, but the fact that this place had so many high reviews made me feel as though i must log on and speak the truth.. the problem with yelp is that no two people have the same taste in food. i think my tastes are much more refined than say, the people who go ahead and give mc donald's 2 or even 3 stars. i LOVE food. and i am willing to spend money on a satisfying meal with good service. that being said, i am starting to believe that when a place like this gets such high reviews, it is the quality of the taste of the reviewers that is lacking.. i made reservations for 8pm and arrived at around 745. we were seated rather immediately, then proceeded to wait and be COMPLETELY ignored for about 20 minutes. this was a busy friday evening, and there were TWO servers, obviously not enough for this establishment, since not one could even spare a second to stop by the table and at least give a friendly greeting. other tables were enjoying their free chips, salsa, and guac while we sat with an empty table waiting.  eventually i got up and asked a waitress if we could have some water.  then more time went by while we continued to be ignored.. FINALLY a waitress came over and said, "what would you like?". at which point we ordered, and i said, "and do we get free chips and salsa?" she said yes, and after taking our order ran off again. this is a tiny place so i could see everything that was going on, and as the minutes continued to tick by, every time i saw her pull up a plastic basket i hoped it was for our chips and salsa, but alas, it wasn't, time and time again. AGAIN, i finally asked the other waitress if we could get our free chips and salsa, and it was brought.. at this point others were sitting around us, and being treated in the same manner. i felt embarrassed for them and bad, that they were sitting, staring around, waiting for someone to just ask them what they wanted to drink as we had done moments before. . when the food finally came, i was excited because i had read so many incredibly positive reviews that i really expected a taste sensation. i was so disappointed. main word to describe what i tasted would be BLAND.  the only thing i enjoyed was the fish taco, which was really good, but i think that was mainly because of the sour cream, for which i am a sucker. i also got fusion lettuce wrap and fusion tostada, both with chicken, and both pretty damn boring. i think the deal with this food is that if you don't like spicy and don't get it with spicy sauce then you don't get flavor. this is me, unfortunately.. that being said, my boyfriend got the fusion burrito and absolutely loved it, as well as the pork sliders, which i must also admit were delicious. . however i was so offended by the service it took the rating down so many notches, and then the food being so bland just solidified a two star rating.  i suppose the only reason it's not at a one star is because the prices were INCREDIBLY cheap, but, again, cheap food isn't worth it to me if what i'm getting amounts to crap.. frankly i would have gotten more bang for my buck at taco bell.
The service is friendly. Price is ok. Food, on the other hand, is not impressive.. . Highly overrated!!. . Maybe I was there on a bad day. I definitely think this is a overrated place. Most of time Yelp can be a very helpful place to find good recommendations. But once a while, you find highly overrated places posted by hyped up yelpers posting with peer pressures. I guess nobody like to be a party pooper.. . To justify my little speech, I have to talk about the food. Well, the bulgogi in my burrito tasted just like regular meat. I couldn't identify the Korean flavoring. The chicken and pork tacos were dry. You have to take a sip with almost every bite. I think it's because there was not enough salsa. . . Salsa should be fresh made fresh,not from cans if you are serving it in a restaurant. Especially if it's a restaurant with Mexican food. And if you use cabbage instead of lettuce, you will lose the watering effect when lettuce is being chewed. The problem can be fixed by putting more chopped onions and tomatos.. . Anyway, just a little suggestion.
overrated by yelpers.. but its ok i tried.. . pros:  big serving, quick nice staff, there's free salsa and chips. and one free orange for deserts. . cons: claims that food is made to order big no no, meat was already over cooked for the bulgogi and beef with broccoli, too many veggies in the fusion tacos it even comes with bell pepper ????. . . ps:not really cheap unless you order 2 small tacos and water.
Apparently the owner listened to guys like H.K.L. and decided she needed to raise her prices. Maybe I was just spoiled on her really low prices but now her prices are about average and it takes the wow factor out of it for me. I loved the fact that I could come and order a couple of entrees for 10 bucks. Now that time has passed. The real turn off was finding a hair in my chips. I took them back up to the owner and she apologized and offered to bring me another basket. At that point I just paid the bill and left. I really loved Komex as you can tell from my previous reviews. At this point I just feel like the success has turned to greed and I won't be back.
I didn't enjoy Komex. My girl dragged me here after a day full of errands, so I already wasn't in the mood to flip the coin in hopes of a good meal. We ordered a burrito and some nachos. The portions were really big and cheap, but I just didn't like the food. Too many combinations of flavors. I just didn't like having so many strong flavors all fighting for attention. I probably won't be back to give them another try.
Disappointed after reading all the reviews.  Had the kimchi beef fried rice and barely ate any of it.  The kimchi flavor was so overpowering, I could hardly taste anything else (and it's not like I'm not used to the flavor - I'm half Asian and was raised on Asian food).  There was hardly any beef in it (trust me, I dug through the pile of rice looking for it).  That said, the portions are huge and the service was nice.  I just wish I had ordered something else.
2 stars: Meh. I've experienced better. . . I've started to identify these restaurants that are Yelp hype-magnets.. . They have super high ratings, are generally budget friendly, yet aren't very good when you actually go there to try the food. . . I suspected this place was one of these places. . . I ordered a few different tacos, the kimchi fried rice, and washed it all down with a sidral mundet.. . So you get little tacos and a big platter of fried rice.. . The meat quality was average, the seasonings were basic, and the fried rice was copious in quantity, but the kimchi was pretty pathetic and the dish wasn't very good. . . There are so many hole in the walls that are truly excellent.. . This isn't one of them.. . Maybe it's because the place has blown up that it's resting on its yelp laurels? . . When I went, there were a couple Mexican families and a few hipsters eating there. . . And from what I've noticed, hipsters don't know good food if it smacked the horned rim glasses off their heads. . . If it had been truly a good spot, I'd have recommended it, and returned time and time again, but it really was very basic food and not really worth making a special trip that way to go eat there. . . If you live down the street, you can praise it to the skies, but for anyone in town for just a few days, this place is an easy pass.
I ate here a while ago and it was the first thing my friend and I ate after a day in Red Rock and as soon as it hit our stomachs we knew we were in for some horrible food poisoning. I kid you not, I went to the bathroom to throw up in the middle of the meal because my stomach hurt so bad. I have never gone back and as much as I love the idea and concept of this place, I do not want to have to worry about shitting my pants everytime I eat a bulgogi burrito.
Y'all are crazy.  I don't know how this place has so many stars.  I was not impressed.  Maybe I just had different expectations of what the food would taste like.  Korean and Mexican...I'd expect some spice.  Everything tasted sweet to me.  I don't think I'd try it again.
Interesting concept, ended up being pretty much what I expected and nothing more. Mainly Mexican style dishes with Korean style meats and flavorings. It wasn't bad, but nothing about it stood out, and the flavors weren't particularly exciting. It's a lot of food, which is nice, but quantity doesn't always mean quality. . . Plus, like pretty much all Mexican food in Las Vegas, it didn't hold a candle to Mexican food in Southern California. I'd rather hit up a taco truck in LA than anything I've had in Vegas.
The food was good and the service was decent.  Didn't like the fact that they charge 20% gratuity on top of your food and tax.   My $43 bill came out to be $56!. . I've never experienced the practice of adding gratuity on top of the tax before.  In addition, we were never told there would be an extra charge for 6 persons.... . Enjoy the food, take a close look at your bill....
I was so excited to try this place after reading the good reviews & having been suggested to me by a couple of friends but I ended up disappointed. The food wasnt bad. Tasted okay. I had the bulgogi fries which was probably the best tasting thing we ordered. My boyfriend ordered the bulgogi fusion burrito which was okay tasting too but was still missing something. My sister orders the bulgogi plate which was just bland. It was just bulgogi & rice which I could have made at home. I asked for a side of kimchi & the portion was so small. It was literally a spoon full of Kim chi which also didnt taste very good. Besides the food tasting just okay the customer service was not great. Idk if it was because they were busy or what but when I called to order for pick up the guy on the phone seemed irritated & was rushing me. Whatever the deal is & even if its busy your customer service should always be on point. Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.
I was excited to try this place being from LA where Korean Mexican fusion is not a new thing. The food was pretty underwhelming. They have some non-fusion tacos which were bland. The kimchi fried rice was not good. I make it all the time at home and the one at KoMex was too sweet. The portions are very large, so we took the leftovers home and doctored it up with some sriracha to tame the sweetness. . . It's a small place in a little strip mall. I don't think it's a place I'd go out of my way for.
To be fair, a buddy recommended this and raved over this. I had to try this - first - it's in a really iffy part of town, so for me lunch was the only time I'd go here.  Tried the fried rice, bul go gi sliders, and a bul go gi burrito. For me the attempt at fusing Mexican and Korean was not a successful one. The flavour was okay but not nearly as spectacular as my buddy thought it was.  Unfortunately,  I didn't see the appeal of mixing the two types of foods together - at least on the dishes we had.  So unless you're really craving Korean and Mexican combined, you can go elsewhere to experience good food. Place also fits the surrounding neighbourhood - aka a dive more or less (which I'm used to with other Asian places but with much much better food).
