We were in Vegas for a friend's birthday and his wife had planned a great evening out for us one of the two nights we were there. Craftsteak was on her list, and I read some pretty awesome reviews so my expectations were pretty high...needless my expectations were never met.. . SO disappointing. First we made reservations, and I made the reservations. Due to our large group they have a policy (9 or more people) that we'd have to order some sort of set menu that was $110 per person and 18% gratuity is added automatically. Ridiculous...I always think it's the restaurants way of saying we know our waiters/waitresses are being tipped so it's ok to give you crappy service cause we know it's being paid. WELL, to avoid this, I booked up two tables, first, I didn't want everyone to HAVE to pay $110 (Which was close to what we paid anyway), to eat something they might not have choosen, AND I always think tipping should be according to service. I use to be a waitress, I tip accordingly..if it's fantastic 20%, if it's ok 10% etc etc.... . First we had reservations, but we still had to wait over 30 mins for our table, meanwhile they sat a table of 8 ladies moment before we were supposed to sit down. I had us sitting at a table of 6 and 7....not even an apology was given that they didn't have our table ready...and now we were all sitting together so again they have their 18% gratuity included.. . Everything was a la carte, which most restaurants like this usually are. I must say the sides I did try and the ones I didn't I heard were great. The asparagus was grilled perfectly. Not too soft, not too crunchy, and the perfect char on them. The mushrooms were awesome, but you can't screw up mushrooms really. Potatoes and sweet potatoes were great, from what I heard. . . OK - So bf ordered the bison steak, which is what I wanted but since I like to sample lots of things and bf knows he'll be eating half of my meal we decided not to order the same thing. I went with surf and turf..6 ounce filet mignon and half lobster tail. The lobster WAS delicious...the filet wasn't even cooked correctly. I always order medium rare...half of it was medium, and the other half was somewhere between medium and medium rare. I don't think they even SEASONED the steak. It just tasted like a piece of meat..no melting in your mouth, no flavourful bite, nothing. Bf's bison however...that WAS great. Cooked perfectly and accompanied with some delicious red sauce, a little sweetness to it with a little tang, along side another small dip...great. . . We had some martinis, those were delicious..similar to a chambourg martini, with one more ingredient.. . Someone else had the braised short ribs, and those were done well..but anything you braise for 24 hours will be fall off the bone delicious. Food was ok, not the best I've had, and certainly didn't live up to it's expectations..... . It was packed, no doubt due to the name and Tom Colicchio being a judge on Top Chef..but for someone who made reservations two days ahead of time, and they didn't have our tables prepared...without even some complimentary drinks or BREAD for our 35, almost 45 min wait was extrememly disappointing of a five star restaurant.... . This is a place you pay for service, and we certainly didn't get it...The waiter..he was the only saving grace of this place. He was awesome. I'll never go there again..for a great steak a fraction of the cost I'd even rather go to the Keg...at least they can cook a steak point on each time...... . Oh and ps. For the two birthdays we had and let them know..not even a whole piece of cake...just three itsy bitsy pieces of dessert. One small tiny square of what tasted like a skor bar, one small little cookie the size of a quarter, and some candied fruit thing that was gross...not even a nice piece of chocolate cake or something...thanks Craftsteak...we certainly won't go there again...
Nice atmosphere but the steak was terrible. I've had better at Applebee's. Had the bone-in ribeye but it was over cooked, fatty (as opposed to marbled) and tough.  ( I didn't want to wait another 30 minutes to send it back). For $120 a person you can find much better on the Strip.. . Service was ok though.
Eventhough so many people gave this place good ratings... I would say that the complementary bread deserves the big HYPE for this restaurant.. . I went with a party of 6, which we all had very high expectations. The first let down was the atmosphere. The tables and chairs did not seem sturdy, I'm sorry call me picky, but I feel like if a restaurant is going to charge me $50 for a rib eye steak then I need the tables dressed with white lining and the servers with white gloves on. . . The bread made up for the Ikea furniture, as soon as the bread hits your mouth theres a buttery sweetness with a hint of salty, melts in your mouth and warm comfort goodness.. . I ordered the rib-eye with gratin potatoes with warm salad with bacon and egg. The salad was very good, unusual but delightful. The steak could have used alot more flavor and the potatoes was just okay (I've had BETTER). The only other thing that stood out was the short ribs and the broccoli. There was another dish which I can't remember the name, but it was a rosotto like dish with brown rice, butternut squash, mushrooms and other components that I can not recollect. . . Lastly, which may seem very trivial to everyone else but my party seem to take offense to it as well. One of our friends needed his food togo so the server took his plate to bag it up. To come back with a "THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU" bag (YES THE SAME BAG) any chinese fast food restaurant would give you for togo order. Then to add insult to injury the server sits his plastic bag which has his food in it ON THE FLOOR!!! We all had this "WTF" look on our face.. . This would be my last time coming here, I rather go to Ruth's Chris any day.
My wife and I had dinner here last month.  We are both Top Chef fans and had been looking forward to trying this place for some time.  . . I feel led astray by the good reviews for this place.  The service was ok.  My wife thought not very attentive and had grown impatient with it by the end of the meal.  She pointed out our server had really only been by twice during the meal- when the food arrived and at the end- so maybe she was right.. . I think the best part was the start.  The rolls here are fabulous.  I give them that.  Really delicious.  I started with the lobster bisque which was also very good.  I would recommend that.. . But then the main course.  On recommendation I got the skirt steak.  Now I know skirt steak has a different texture to it but I thought mine was extremely tough.  I really didn't enjoy it and had to frankly spit a few bites out.  I wouldn't get it again nor would I recommend it as so many others here do.  I overheard a woman seated in the next table over also complain about how tough her steak was.  So I don't think this was an anomaly.  Maybe we both got bad cuts, I don't know.   . . My wife got the rib eye.  I tried a bite and definitely liked it better than my skirt steak.  But my wife thought it was just so-so, nothing great.  The sauce served with the steak was very good though.  That was probably the only saving grace.  I would have been happier with a different steak I think.. . I wanted to try the souffle for dessert but just wasn't up for it by the end of the meal.  My wife and I shared some chocolate sorbet.  It was good but just sorbet.. . We were both disappointed with the meal and decided we would not go back.  This place has a lot of hype behind it but frankly I have had much better steaks and meals at chain-type steakhouses.  For instance we have repeatedly gone to Smith&Wollensky in Vegas and never gone away disappointed.  There are so many choices in Vegas that are superior to this based on my experience.
After hearing many rave reviews, my girlfriend and I decided to try Craftsteak. We were looking for a nice, romantic night out, but unfortunately it did not go exactly as planned. Although we had made reservations a few days ahead, we were seated  30 minutes late and in the bar area .  We had people's butts constantly shoved in our face, not exactly conducive to our "romantic atmosphere. Now for the food, I must say I was a bit disappointed as well, although it was still worth trying. We ordered a Caesar salad, the waygu skirt steak, the braised short ribs, the potatoes au gratin, and fried zucchini. The Caesar was weak at best and could have come from any other steak house in the country. Both meat courses were cooked perfectly and the portions were very respectable. For the price however, I would have expected more.  My disappointment was more with the side dishes. The potatoes were not cooked as thoroughly as I would have liked and rather bland, and then the zucchini was downright bad. The zucchini was overcooked and over battered, and the tomato aioli was pretty much straight mayonnaise. Now, looking back, it would appear that my review is a bit negative because we did actually have a  good time, and I would still tentatively recommend Craftsteak. In the end it was actually quite good, I have just had so much better, and at the prices they charge, I was expecting to have the best.
We had a reservation. Doesn't seem like it mattered. We had to wait an extra 7 minutes because they didn't have our table together yet. That's what we were told anyhow. There were six of us, we're all heavily tattooed, but were dressed appropriately and very nicely and prepared to spend a lot of money. We were seated in the very back by the kitchen while the couple that walked up before us with no reservation was seated in the same size booth we were, but in the center of the restaurant. Suspect. . . Our waiter took our orders and then we waited. And waited. And... Waited. An hour later we were served soups and salads. We were all starving from walking Las Vegas Blvd all day... The lobster bisque was fantastic. The truffle salad (as titled on the menu) was actually just dressed with a truffle vinaigrette. Oh well. It was a great salad, but a touch salty.. . Then we continued our wait. Through out the time we ordered until the time our entrees arrived, we were served bread THREE times in effort to stall for the waiting. Yes, the bread was salty, buttery and luxurious, but did we really need six plates of it? We were so hungry we had to eat it.. . When our food finally arrived, one and a half hours after ordering, I'm not sure anything short of perfection could have made us happy. I ordered the chicken and smoked paprika tossed French fries. For $36 you get 1/2 of a free range chicken. It was cooked okay, but I make free range chickens at home all the time and they are far more juicy and flavorful. The fries were alright, a bit dry, the smoked paprika was nice.. . The steaks, ordered by everyone else at the table were proclaimed to be too salty and a bit too charred though well cooked. I had a bite if and end piece and even it was perfect medium rare. They do cut the steaks into slices before you're served, which I don't prefer, but that is what it is.. . Overall, the atmosphere was stuffy and pretentious. We were treated as though we weren't there to spend a pile of money like everyone else was... And the food was "okay." nothing I'd go back for.. . We had Witchcraft for lunch and it was fantastic. Should have gone back for dinner and save a couple hundred dollars.
I was in Las Vegas for a bachelorette party last weekend. We were excited for our first night out and a fancy dinner. Our salads were delicious and that's where the good stops. I decided to splurge and order the ribeye which is $50 a la carte and goes against my whole being because that is a ridiculous price. I thought "hey why not it's vegas?" I ordered my steak rare....it was overcooked and not seasoned well at all. I ordered a side of the fingerling potatoes with rosemary. I got little baby potatoes with a couple sprigs of rosemary on top. It was like one of those horrible dishes your grandmother throws together to make dinner seem fancy. It was very hard to hand over my portion of the bill when at home I can go down the street and order a 16oz Ribeye that comes with a baked potato and side salad for $9.95 (and it's the best damn steak I've ever had); I actually went there when I flew in to cheer up. . . Out of 5 of us only one liked their dinner; which happened to be the bachelorette so we were happy. Another one of us ordered the beef tartar and it came with something like bagel chips instead of a sliced baguette. When she asked the server if they had a sliced baguette she looked at her like she was insane; left for maybe a minute and then came back saying "they just couldn't do it".  VERY RUDE! . . We ended up taking our leftovers hoping we would see a homeless person to give them to. . . We also thought it was ironic that the owner of this restaurant is so judgemental on his show, yet this was a terrible dinner.
We came here with our usual group of 8 people. The reservation was made several weeks in advance. After reading the reviews on Yelp, everyone was beyond excited for a great meal.... too bad it was a total disappointment!. The service was "crappy" to say the least. After putting in our orders, it took an hour and a half for us to be served. My steak came our room temperature and tasted horrible. One member of our party didn't get his meal until 20 minutes after the rest of the table was served.. In the past we have eaten at CUT, and maybe this superior experience ruined it for other restaurants. The service there is impeccable, everyone gets their meal at the exact same second! If you want to have a great meal, avoid Craftsteak and go to Cut or Mastro's instead.
Things in Vegas have changed, people are not gambling as much so EVERYTHING has gone up and I must admit I did experience Sticker Shock in a number of places.  This place was the worst example of that, I felt that the Value was just not there.  Food was OK dessert was better than the main entrees and service was Poor. We were a party of six to the Tip was added and for $186.00 the dude should have stood next the table the entire night not been an absentee waiter. I see no reason to go back, None.
Not sure how others are rating this place.  If you rate on the steak, they get 2 stars at best.  It was tough, dry and needed some A1 sauce or something even more pedestrian to grant it a bit of flavor.  I've had far better steaks at Outback.  Lone Star is another $20 steak joint that bests this place with ease (and half the price).  Ambiance was nice.  Service was good (not great).  Cocktails were good.  Presentation was OK.  When I pay that much for a steak, I expect a lot from it.  I was very disappointed.  Maestros, Mortons, Flemings, etc. all charge roughly the same but they are by far the preferred choice.  I'm thinking there are some shills rating this place higher than it deserves or they just haven't been to one of the other sites for true Prime beef cooked to perfection.
The food was average. There wasn't anything special that set them apart from other steak houses. I ordered the braised lobster while my friend ordered the rib eye. We shared so we can both have a surf n turf kind of meal. The steak was ok. I felt it need a little more seasoning. The lobster was overcooked. It was a chewy mess. My mom got the rack of lamb. She hardly had anything on her plate after she trimmed off the fat. The sides were horribly bland. We got the spinach and asparagus. I loved the sides at Brand in Monte Carlo. I was thoroughly disappointed with the sides here. Anyone can throw a high grade piece of meat on the grill and make it taste good but a good chef can make something boring like spinach taste spectacular. I was expecting somewhere betweengood and spectacular for $$$$. I would give this place 3 stars but the service sucked. This older black guy waited on us and he neglected us the whole night. He never once refilled my coke. Not once in the 2 hours we were there. He also dropped off dessert menus on our table and didn't return for another 30 mins to take our order. Unfortunately by then we were just over it. I'm pretty understanding when a place is super busy or short staffed but it was neither. I would not recommend this place to anyone esp since there are so many good places to eat in Vegas.
Meh. Overpriced, nothing special.. . My husband and I ate here on our anniversay. We ordered the wagyu ribeye, t-bone, scalloped potatoes, asparagus and risotto. We did not receive the wagyu, but a standard ribeye.. . The ribeye was nothing special. It was good, but hard to justify the price. . My husband's t-bone wasn't any better than the $9.99 special you can get from numerous casinos around town. The asparagus and potatoes were okay, but again, nothing special and overpriced. The risotto was a mistake! Not only was it covered in mushrooms (not in the description), it didn't "spread" on the plate...Instead, it was gummy.  I've watched Top Chef numerous times and Tom Colicchio ALWAYS complains about risotto that doesn't spread! Though he did not cook it for us, his name is attached to this restaurant.. . Overal, the food was okay, but the price was too high. If you want better steak, head to Vic & Anthony's in the Golden Nugget. The steaks are similar in price, but MUCH better and the sides are more reasonably priced...and tastier.
I planned for our visit for two months and agonized over which steakhouse we would eat at...I should have listened to more of the naysayers. . . Like they said..foodand service were ok and bill was big for what we got - $250. We also got seated in the bar area where they have a few tables with weird couch-type seating on one side. Anyway, it was Friday night and crowded but we had reservations after seeing Ka. Bread was good but not to die for like folks said. We ordered kobe skirt steak, angus filet, corn, potato puree, and mushrooms. Steaks good but not worth price they charge -- I get better beef a our local Beef Palace in Huntington Beach (look it up for best steak in OC). Corn and puree pretty tasty but the mushrooms tough, dry and rubbery..c'mon $15 bucks for that crap. BTW, we sat before the two parties on either side of us and they got served first. Wasn't too thrilled to have all the bar folks standing up behind me while I ate. . . Good gracious, I should've gone and tried Vic Anthony's. Was a fan of TC but after this I'll always start out Top Chef by giving him the stink eye.
Ya, not so much. . . I visited Craftsteak for a birthday dinner. There were three of us at the table on a Tuesday night. The restaurant was busy but by no means "Vegas busy". We were seated promptly for our 7:30 reservation and greeted by one waiter and then another telling us that they would both be assisting us that evening. I was impressed!.....but then that was it. Our waiters went totally AWOL after taking our drink orders. After checking back with us 10 minutes later we were finally able to order. I waited 25 minutes for my (cold) salad to arrive to the table. Making the total time we waited for our food about 40 minutes (3 med rare steaks, 2 sides). The timing was obscene! AND when our food came the waiter(s) still never checked back with us. The most attentive person in the entire place was the bus boy (I wish I could have tipped him and left our waiters a goose egg). . . As for the food, it left much to be desired. I had the filet ($58) and it tasted like a $20 steak you'd get at any restaurant, anywhere, ever. The other steaks were just as disappointing. The BEST menu item is the free bread.. . We did tell the manager how disappointed we were in the service. Whether she did anything or not, I'm not sure but I'd like to hope she did and that the service will improv.. . SKIP CRAFTSTEAK (Unless the food and service dramatically improve.)
It's been a while since my visit here but i remember 3 things distinctly. . 1.  The steak was kind of sub par for this type of restaurant. 2.   All the sides were good (and were served in All Clad cookware :P ). 3.  They charged us some kind of BS setup fee, I don't remember exactly what it was for... but i believe it amounted to us being charged ~100 bucks for them to put 2 tables together so our group can all sit together!
Tom, Tom, Tom...(sigh). . I am an avid food enthusiast & regularly watch your show (Top Chef) and admire how you critically pin-point flaws/perfection in hundreds of dishes through-out your career.. . I'll keep it short & sweet (maybe a little sharp too).... . 1.) SCALLOPS ($40) - Best dish, perfect sear, cooked just enough to retain the moisture in the scallop.  The beurre blanc sauce or what not could've used a bit of thickening but still was delicious.  I really enjoyed the accompanying pickled white onions that came with.  I truly and thoroughly enjoyed this dish.. . 2.) RISOTTO ($14) - About 3-5% overcooked.  Yet, still tasty.  The pine nuts accent the risotto & parmesan and work well together.  And although it was tasty I felt it could've used more of a kick.  Risotto is something I really love eating, especially when it has a somewhat addictive flavor that leaves you wanting more.. . . . Now that I've said that, on to the steaks:. . 3.) DOMESTIC RIBEYE ($50) - Visually stunning especially when plated in the metal pan carrying all the delicous jous.  However, by the time I got to my steak, which was a perfect med-rare, it was tough and just inedible.  (Maybe I should mention I had been just getting over a cold.  However, I dont think this should alter my taste judgement too much because the first two appetizers were tasting mighty fine.)  I really wanted to like it, andI just couldn't get less than half of it down.. . 4.) DOMESTIC WAGYU RIBEYE ($105) - Again, Visually stunning.  It tasted like a cross between a fatty short rib & a ny strip.  However, and AGAIN, texture failed, it was warm to cold and barely was edible.  More-so edible than the previous mention, but still not worth nearly what it costed.  I really dont wan't to say this, but goto Outback and order a "teriyaki ribeye" and you'd enjoy that 7 times more than this...I feel depressed now.. . Anyway, all in all, I wouldn't go back.  I honestly wanted to like it..REALLY I DID. Perhaps next time I will attempt Jean Georges Steakhouse or another variety.  I will probably never enter another Tom Colicchio restaurant ever again due to the severity of this incidental experience.  First and last time for Tom Colicchio as far as I'm concerned.  Sorry Tom, I tried.. . If it means anything, you're (probably) still a very good chef (Tom Colicchio).. . . TOTAL BILL: $235
Ate here on new years day. I went with a party of 7 so we got a variety of steaks to share. We ordered the lamb, filet mignon, ribeye, NY, tbone, chicken, and wagyu ribeye. The steaks were all were cooked medium rare with the exception of the NY, which was medium well. . . I got the ribeye wagyu and expected it to be amazing. Like the other review said, your expectations for a $115 steak are pretty high, but it disappointed. Did not melt in your mouth and I didn't see any marbling in the steak whatsoever. Was not tough, but tougher than my mothers aged NY strip. . . The dry aged ribeye wasn't that impressive at all. It was medium rare but still tough. Go figure . . The lamb was pretty good. Nice and tender. . The filet mignon was close to melt in your mouth, but just not there. It also needed seasoning because it was pretty bland. . . The tbone was cooked pretty decently and seasoned well. It was the only steak that had fat on it, which is a plus because it gave it a little extra flavor. . . The NY strip was by far the best. And it's kind of ironic because it was cooked medium well. It was the most tender and seasoned steak of all the choices we had to sample. . . The chicken was meh. It wasnt dried out, which is a plus, but it wasn't seasoned that much either. The skin was toasted and seasoned, but I guess the seasoning didn't make it's way to the meat. . . For the sides, we had the brussels sprouts, the Caesars salad, the mozzarella, potato puree, fingerling potatoes, and mushrooms. . . The ones that stuck out the most were the brussels sprouts and the mushrooms. They were both bursting with flavor and I definitely recommend them. . . All in all, the steaks we just ok. With so many options in Vegas, I'll probably try somewhere else next time. . I believe Dub C. review is pretty spot on.
After dining here, my husband and I decided that we will never, ever eat a fancy Vegas restaurant.  The service was spotty and the food was good, but definitely not good enough to justify the price.  WAY overhyped and expensive.  After living in the bay area for a few months, we know what good, quality food should be like and how much it should cost.  I can't remember exactly how much each item was (not listed on their online menu), but let's just say that we ate 9 courses combined with 2 wine pairings at Gary Danko in SF for the same price.. . I'm usually a bread FIEND, but I was not into their bread at all.  It didn't taste like much even with butter.  We started out with their lobster bisque and it was good, but I know I can find better for cheaper in SF.  For our entrees, we ordered the shortrib and scallops.  The shortribs came out in a little pot still in its juices, so it stayed moist and flavorful and the scallops were average.  So, for the sides, we didn't realize that they were meant to be shared, but we had leftovers for a midnight snack.  I would think our waiter would've told us the portion size when we ordered the braised kale, potato gratin, baby spinach, and baby shiitake mushrooms just for ourselves, but oh well.  All the sides except the spinach were delicious.  Spinach was good too, but I'm sure it would've been better with bacon.  Ha.. . Overall....................... seriously not worth it!
Food was ok... Not nearly deserving of the price. The service was inattentive and dismissive. I'd recommend dining elsewhere.  They even mixed up our steaks, and refused to admit fault.
Pretty disappointed with my experience here, which is sad since I was excited to dine here.. . I booked a 7:45 reservation, knowing I had to catch a show across the street at 10:00. When we arrived at 7:40, they let us know that they were running a little late on seating people but would let us know, so off to the bar we went..... . 25 minutes later, we were FINALLY seated, and we reminded the waiter(s) that we had a show to catch. The lobster bisque everybody raved about was OK - just OK. The bread that came in the little cute skillet was better than OK but nothing amazing. We ordered drinks, and that did not come until I was done with my first course.. . The rib eye I got was nicely cooked, but unfortunately due to lack of time, I only got to eat half of it. The sides we ordered - hen of the woods mushroom didn't taste anything different from me roasting my own mushrooms - not sure what the big deal was with that side. The kale with white beans and bacon was SO salty we could barely eat half of it. The only saving grace to this whole meal was the potato puree - it was silky smooth and flavored perfectly. . . As it's 9:20 I'm looking for my waiter - there was three introduced to me, yet none seem to be found anywhere? When I finally got their attention to pack up my food and  give me a bill, we were given an after-dinner pastry with mint filling which I really liked (I think there was basil in the filling which was a nice touch).. . Then I walk to my theater and they tell me no food is allowed, so after dropping $200 on dinner, I was told I couldn't keep my leftovers... Now, if I had that extra 25 minutes to eat and really enjoy my dinner without rushing, maybe I wouldn't be so upset about the whole experience. Probably won't be back here again.
Disappointed doesn't begin to describe it. I have had well-prepared steaks at fine establishments in the US, Argentina, Brazil... this was not one of them. The steaks came out cool. I understand steaks need to rest before serving, but this was out right cool. Also, I requested rib-eye medium-rare.. came out closer to rare but not a big deal. My wife requested medium, but this was closer to medium rare. For someone who wants a medium temperature steak, getting it more towards rare IS actually a big deal. Sigh, and for the amount we paid, not worth it. The quality of the steak was also questionable. Service was attentive and atmosphere was pleasant. Only bright spot was stepping out into the MGM Grand Casino, pulling on the slots once, and winning 40 bucks. Paid for the server's tip. One extra star for the well-prepared broccoli.
I went to Craftsteak with such HIGH expectations because of Tom Colicchio and the recommendations of my Best Friends. Delmonico's at the Venetian is my "go-to" steak house in Vegas. With LOTS OF COAXING, I agreed to go to Craftsteak last Saturday night. I was VERY disappointed. The two BEST things of the night were the dinner rolls and the Apple Martini. I ordered the New York steak. I usually ALWAYS order the Rib Eye, but decided to try something new. I ordered it medium - it came to the table medium well. When you are at a high end steakhouse, you expect your steak to be PERFECT. It was not seasoned as well as I had hoped. I had to keep dipping pieces of my steak into the sauce in the pan. And the sauce was just mediocre. For appetizers, my Best Friends had the lobster bisque. We shared the scallops appetizer. I have had better scallops at the Lobster in Santa Monica at the Santa Monica Pier. With our entrees, we ordered the mashed potatoes and honey carrots. The potatoes were pretty good. The carrots were okay. Not what I would expect from such a high end restaurant though. And certainly not on par with other high end steakhouses I have frequented. The Waiter who took our order kept making us repeat ourselves. It was very annoying after the FOURTH time. Also, he forgot to bring me my Apple Martini. We had to ask the other server for it only to discover that it had been sitting at the bar waiting to be picked up for several minutes. I guess I am happy I tried something different. But I will not be visiting Craftsteak any time in the near future.
It is with a heavy heart that I give Craftsteak two stars.  Part of it was expectations, and part of it is the actual experience.. . Expectations: Top-notch service, tasty food, atmosphere, advice on wine.. . Expectations met on... atmosphere and wine.  The Malbec that the sommelier recommended was really and truly delicious.  . . Expectations not met on... service or food.  The appetizers (scallops!) and the lobster were fantastic, but this is Craftsteak.  I expected out-of-this-world steak, and we were sorely disappointed.  The ribeye we got must've been a bad cut, because the best word I can think of is 'grisly.'  Points to the staff because when we mentioned it,they did take a little off the bill.  I would've rather gotten a bite of good ribeye, but whatevs.. . The dessert was awesome.  If I go again, I'll have an appetizer and dessert!. . The service started out like any high-end dining experience, but then things got weird.  We got a sort of family style four-course meal that included multiple appetizers, salads, entrees, and desserts.  It's a little annoying to have three entrees brought out at once - for two people.  We couldn't possibly eat everything while it was hot, so that was LAME.  We felt this way on every course - we couldn't enjoy and take our time, we had to stuff our face before stuff got cold.  Our server also mysteriously disappeared after the orders were taken until the meal was over.  . . We actually refilled our own wine glasses.  After waiting about 10 minutes to see if the server would be back (as expected at high-end places, or am I off-base?).  When they were nowhere to be found, we took matters into our own hands.. . I can't say I'll be back anytime soon - there are so many great restaurants in Vegas!  I would skip Craftsteak.
This is going to be my first two star performance because for such a hyped up steak restaurant the steaks that were served to me and my parents were just sub-par all around. I got the sirloin and it was dry and just ok. For these prices I expect to be whisked away on some kind of steak adventure.. . Some of the positives were the service, the side dishes and the unique ambiance. Lot's of cool shades of red and oaky textures for the general layout. The lobster bisque was very nice also and one of the better lobster bisque's I've had. . . All in all just not very pleased and I won't ever go back when there's definitely better steak places out there.
Didn't live up to the hype.  My steak was OK, but all the accompaniments were over salted and the potatoes were underdone.  We tried the arugula salad, heirloom tomatoes, asparagus along with the filet and chicken.  Steak was well crusted but not enough to carry the meal.
What a disappointment. Like everyone else has mentioned the sides were fantastic. The corn was sweet, the farro was creamy complimented with fresh tomatoes. The problem was with the service and our steaks.  Four of the seven people at our table disliked their steaks. My steak in particular was overcooked, dry and under seasoned, which is so odd because the sides were seasoned so well. I expected more from a $60 steak. Our Swiss waiter also started off so personable but once we got our food that ended. Not one person came by to ask how our meal was. The last very strange thing that happened was when I mentioned that I wanted the Peach Sorbet as a dessert the waiter seemed unimpressed. Several people at our table made the observation also. It was if there was a non-verbal cue that I should not order the Peach. . . . Go to Bouchon. That meal was amazing and the service was excellent.
Went for the first time in November 2011. Best Porterhouse I ever ate. Just went July 2012, Porterhouse was delivered dry and way overcooked. Talked me into getting a Filet as a substitute. Arrived blood rare. Was still looking for medium-rare. It went back for another 10 minutes, and came back fine. Flavor was not as good as I remember. Seemed under seasoned and dry. Huge difference from November 2011. I've had WAY better steaks at Ruths and Flemings. Too bad this steak house can't deliver a good steak anymore.
In three words. Not Worth It. The place is way over priced for the cold food that you are served. My wife had the filet which was not hot and lacked flavor. I had the waygu skirt. It had flavor but came out cold as well. Diver scallops, taste good, also cold. Best part of the way over priced dinner was the oysters which are pretty hard to screw up. Service was Ok. I will not be recommending this place or will I be back. My advice is get out the hotel and of the strip to find better restaurants.
Although I read yelp reviews frequently, my experience at this restaurant last night compelled me to write my first review right now from my hotel room. Unfortunately, it's a negative one.. . My boyfriend and I agreed to meet some of my family members last night and have dinner at Craftsteak (his first night ever in Vegas!)... The commute from the airport was much faster than we expected and we were all hungry. I called the restaurant to see if we could move our reservations up early (reservations were in 50 minutes) and the hostess said they could seat us now. When we checked in with Jessica in person, she told us it would be "just a moment." Fifteen minutes later, I came up to her again and reminded her that I had called and asked if we should just come back at our scheduled time and again she replied with "we're setting up the table now, it'll be just a moment" and gave me a fake smile. Ten minutes later we were finally seated. They definitely should have a hostess better at communicating. And if they couldn't seat us early, they should have just told us when I called. . . We ended up trying their kumomoto oysters, tartar, domestic wagyu filet mignon, salmon, lamb chops and scallops. For sides we had the corn, mushroom assortment, broccoli and asparagus. The oysters didn't taste fresh, and I tasted sand in one. I have had better tartar in Oklahoma. The scallops were overcooked as were the asparagus and mushrooms. The filet mignon did not even compare to the wagyu I had at a different restaurant in Vegas. Nothing was memorable. . . Positives -- our waitress was wonderful. The only dish we liked was the corn and she had recommended it. . . With so many amazing restaurants in Vegas, pick a different one.
Not worth the prices.  Service was good, food was fair.  I'd recommend somewhere else first.
I have been to this restaurant now on 3 occasions. The first time was EXCELLENT! Wonderful service, great food and very enjoyable. The second time was also very good, but my friend did not enjoy her meal as much. And then there was this last time I went which prompted this review. Here are the details:. . I was with a Party of 8. We were ordering lots of wine, appetizers, salads and food - we had money to spend.. Service was terrible! They never brought us any bread. We had to pour our own wine the whole evening and would have ordered more if they checked on us.  They didn't change our plates out between appetizers and salad - we had to ask them to do it - and the servers barely checked in on us. The last time I came the service was excellent. This time it was appalling for a restaurant of this caliber. I've had better service at Denny's!. . The food was just okay and some of it, like the lobster we ordered as an appetizer for the table, was tough, chewy and just not good! Extremely disappointing! The steaks were pretty tasty and for the most part pretty good but no better or distinguished than any other steaks from a high end steak house.. . I was embarrassed. I had such a good experience before and recommended this place to my friends who all have serving experience and dining experience and this place was such a disappointment this time around. All I kept thinking was that if Tom Colicchio knew the low quality of service and the quality of some of the product coming out, he would be very disappointed and not want his name on this. . . I will not be recommending this place again, nor will I be going back. With all the fine dining experiences I could have in Vegas, I'm not wasting any more money on this place. Too bad. My first experience was so good. Look elsewhere if you want a fine dining experience.
This is a vegetarian review... just to warn you.... . The atmosphere is very classic trendy with glass and wood accents everywhere. I brought a Bachelorette party here for dinner and though it is a loud restaurant we were a bit too loud for it. Its quite a big space to accommodate for both large and small groups. . . As a vegetarian I was excited to try multiple "sides" on the menu. Everyone else order some form of steak or seafood and love it. We had great service and our glasses (wine, champagne or water) were never less than half full. I wish I could tell you more about the rest of the menu but I can only speak for the vegetables. My favorite was the beet salad as the pickled egg was unique. My second favorite was the assortment of mushrooms simply because they were each unique in flavor and basically left alone. I would have really like a sauce of some sort to eat with the fingerling potato and asparagus however. The general team of the sides were too simply for me to say I loved it. Living in Chicago, I have had great side dishes at steak restaurants and I am kind of indifferent about these. . . Overall service and atmosphere was 5 stars but the veggie dishes were 2. I guess I just expected more out of Tom Colicchio in all aspects of the menu.
Underwhelmed, did I just get an off night?. . Service: Lackluster, disinterested and too busy, no interest in engaging me, the diner, in any way.. . Appy: Wagyu Tartare was 10/10, by far the best item of the night, the best I have ever had, unfortunately nothing that followed was anywhere near this level.. . Steak and sides: Do not cut my steak for me, I am not 5, when a restaurant slices up a steak for you it just means it gets cold that much faster, and it wasn't that hot when they served it. The steak was fairly good quality, nothing special and was a bit tasteless and a pinch tough.  The mushroom side dish was completely bland. The potato gratin dish was fine, nothing remarkable.. . So disappointed, especially for this kind of money. Mesa Grill the night before was less money and twice the meal.
Overrated. First off, the waitstaff "team" of Victor and Blas were awful. Victor doted on a party of 5 next to me. When he realized he was taking too long without ever greeting us, he held a finger up to me as if to say "one minute" as he walked by. Have you lost the power of speech? Speaking of which, his "helper" Blas then came over, barely explaining anything about the menu. His presentation was further hampered by the fact that his words were completely incomprehensible. But, onto the food. The arugula salad had a dressing on it that was saltier than anything I've ever tasted. The ribeye was cooked nicely, but was barely above room temperature. Their fries, which were supposed to be seasoned with paprika and vinegar lacked any of the latter. The high point of the meal was the sorbet. Completely disappointing for someone who has been to Old Homestead, Delmonico's, Delfrisco's, Gallagher's, The Palm, and so on...
I have been here on 2 separate occasions. The first was to have a dining experience and to be honest I was not impressed at all. We had a reservation and ended up waiting an additional 30 minutes for our table. That drives me crazy and is usually a bad sign.. . It took a while to get our wine and place our order. I really don't feel that it was that busy. Here is a list of the items ordered:. . Apps: Calamari Chorizo, Polenta, Arugula, Hand-cut Wagyu Tartare* Crostini. . Salad: Italian Buffalo Mozzarella Hazelnuts, Warm Frisee* Farm Egg, Smoked Bacon. . Entrees: 8 oz. New York Strip, Japan, 24 hour Shortrib Cipollini Onion. . Sides: Braised Kale Bacon, White Beans, Bordelaise, Potato Gratin Roasted Garlic Cream. . Desserts: Peanut Butter Mousse and Clemence Pie. . It took a wile to get our food and the food was just okay. Nothing stood out at me as amazing. I was expecting a lot more from this place. . . My second visit was just for drinks. I was happy to just get to the bar. I ordered the Key Lime Martini and Cucumber Gin Martini. Both were really good and I would definitely return back for drinks, food probably not.
I have experienced better. . . Some stand out that didn't make our 665.00 bill for 4 a total disaster. But won't be back. Cept maybe for:. . Lobster bisque - when it was brought out warm, (we had to do a re-do) it was lovely! . . Cocktails - yum! And the bartender made an old timey drink my hubby loves and it was divine. . . Vegetable side dishes were cooked simply and well. . . Sadly, the steaks and starch sides were SO SALTY it was a true bummer. . . We wrote the restaurant and after 2 weeks. No reply. . . I kind of feel a little robbed. .  . . It was a very busy night over Memorial Day weekend so we must have had a run ofbad luck. :-( . . Oh and service was very pleasant, but a little late on clearing items. From the table. Probably because we didn't eat much. I had to call them over to take the salt licks away,
This is a hard review to score. . . Went twice in one week - once as a group of 6  and once as a romantic twosome.. . The group meal was fun - spent $4K on wine - had the tasting menu which was chaotic but pretty good.  Not GREAT tho. The sommelier was FANTASTIC.  Say 3 stars.. . The romantic birthday dinner was a puzzle. Again - The sommelier - another guy - was FANTASTIC.. . Our waiter was the pits. Bread, then menus, still on drinks when food starts to arrive, not a single "how is everything check in" and then the topper - walking quickly by our table - drops the cheque and continues on. NOT. ONE. WORD.. . If we were demanding loud jerks I wold sort of understand. BUt we are not. We are Canadians for heaven's sakes. :). . For about $350pp you expect better.
Each time i visit a new city, one of the first things that i check is if one of my favourite contestants from Top Chef has opened up a restaurant in that particular city.  Well, i thought it was about time to switch our focus from contestants to judges.  I will admit that when i first started watching Top Chef, i had never heard of Tom Colicchio, i blame part of it on being Canadian.  So on our recent trip to Vegas we made sure to make a reservation at Craftsteak.  We walked from the Trump hotel, and really underestimated how long the walk would take.  We were about 10 minutes late, but luckily and surprising the restaurant was behind schedule.  We ended up waiting an additional 15 minutes to be seated.  Upon walking into the restaurant it was grand, and the sheer size was impressive.  Our server shortly came over and we both placed a drink order for a pomegranate martini.  The drink had pomegranate, lime and tequila.  The drink wasn't memorable, it was very straightforward, i was expecting something different for $15.  I did appreciate though how each drink came in a mini shaker and was poured tableside.  For our mains, we both ordered a steak (sorry i dont remeber the cut), and 2 sides per person.  I had the sunchokes, and shiitakes, and my sis had the fingerling potatoes, and mushrooms.  We debated about how many sides we should order, they averaged about $15 each, i would've preferred one each but i was expecting the portion size to be miniscule.  This is my issue, a server works at a restaurant day in and day out, they are experts, and when we ordered our mains and four sides, he should have stepped in and and be honest and say that that would be enough for two linebackers, not too young ladies.  I have read Waiter Rant, i know that servers drive up the bill for a bigger tip, but if he was straight forward and suggested something lighter, for a similar price, i would have respected him.  Our food arrived to the table and the steak look great, but the only thing that i could look at were the sides, and how i just wasted so much of my hard earned money on food i knew that i couldn't finish.  Each side was good but at the end of the day it was roasted in fat, and served, that was it, it was very basic.  I was unimpressed with the entire concept of the restaurant.  I know that it is a steakhouse, so you order your meat and sides, but the whole meal was disjointed, it was simply meat, mushrooms, and starch.  I wish that there was a sauce to bring the entire meal together.  I wanted to eat at Toms and get his vision, i didn't get it, i was so disappointed.. Overall, i am going to use a line of Toms that i recently heard him recite on Top Chef, "you go to a restaurant for the food, and you return for the service", unfortunately i wont be going back for either.
I was so excited to try this place as our fancy spot during our Vegas trip.  The service was impeccable!  Pretty fast, attentive and friendly.  However the food wasn't, sorry servers :/. . The server said the ribeye was quite popular so we went with it, medium rare. Out of the seafood she recommended the halibut or scallops (should've went with the scallops).. . The ribeye was ookay.  It was pretty chewy and and parts of it were really difficult to cut with the knife. It seemed a tad over medium rare, but I could not understand why it felt kind of stringy.  They cut it for us so maybe they didn't let it rest enough? I have no idea.  For the price, we expected perfection and I could've easily made something more tasty and tender :/. Also no sides come with it.. . Halibut was overcooked.  I was so excited to see what perfect halibut tasted like. The buttery sauce was tasty, but couldn't really overlook the dry stringiness.  I was full after the steak and really should've just left it alone, it wasn't really enjoyable to eat.  I mean, it even -looked- overcooked when we got it.  . . We also got the arugula salad, which wasn't mindblowing. It was fresh, it was okaay. I had to have some grass to munch on.. . In hindsight I should've . a) sent back both dishes or at least the halibut (but we were running late so didn't want to wait for a new order, and the dinnermate had finished half the halibut already & we were pretty full already) and . b) ordered the 24 hr braised short ribs (because it would seriously take skill to get that wrong), but my dinner mate doesn't like ribs. (WHAT THE FK I cannot even comprehend and must rethink the relationship.  Infuriating. Anyway.). . Probably the best part of the meal was the bread (well, smelling it for me, as I have a gluten allergy). Warm, fresh, buttery, beauuutifully crispy on top with sea salt and so soft inside. Jesus, I have never missed bread more.. . Ah well, probably an off day/meal.
Oh Tom, how your restaurant disappointed me! And oh man what a wind bag I am with this single post!. . Was in Vegas for the 4th of July with some of my family and Craftsteak was picked for dinner one night. Now the wife and I are huge fans of the Top Chef series, so we naturally had high expectations for this restaurant. We were under no illusion that good 'ole Tom would be cooking for us,but with his brand stamped on the restaurant, it should have still been outstanding.. . The breakdown:. . First course-. 2 orders of the hand cut Wagyu Tartare - this was fairly tasty but it wasn't outstanding. I would have expected a bit more depth of flavor given it is at minimum a Wagyu/Angus blend.. . Arugula Salad - simple but very tasty - not the crappy Arugula I get from Trader Joe's. . Heirloom Tomato Salad- really just sliced heirloom tomato's, but they were good. . Buffalo Mozzarella Salad - I didn't eat this but the sister-in-law seemed pleased with it.. . Second Course-. . Porterhouse for two - My wife and I shared this meal (as designed) and we were wholly unimpressed. The meat did have the slight funky essence (a good thing) that comes from dry aging but man was this thing under seasoned. Also, beyond the slight pungency, there was really no other flavor there. I mean, if I can grill a non-prime cut t-bone in my backyard and get more flavor out of it, there is something wrong here. Who knows, maybe an off day or a bad cut, but at $96 that should not have happened.. . My bro and his wife order the same porterhouse, but ask that after grilling to a med-rare, take 2/3rds of the filet portion and grill to med-well for his wife. They seemed to like their steak (he picked the place so he wouldn't complain :-) but the server totally forgot their instructions and they had to ask them to take the filet portion back to be grilled further. At a place such as this, you should not have a forgetful server.. . Braised Short Ribs - My other bro ordered this and it was really a knockout. I am not a huge braised meat fan because usually the meat has such an intense wine flavor that it drowns out the meat flavor. This version really had the perfect balance and I can understand why it is a signature dish.. . Sides. . Baby Spinach - meh, it is baby spinach with garlic. No real finesse here but edible. . Baby Shitake - pretty good flavor, would order again. You really want the mushrooms to shine and I think they accomplished this.. . White Corn Grits - I love smoky bacon/pig flavor and this had it. The problem is that is all it had - the pork totally overwhelmed the dish..I mean really no balance whatsoever. . . Service. I mentioned the slip up earlier, but the service was really not up to par. It seemed like the servers got board of us and were not particularly attentive. I've eaten in some very suspect joints in my life, but in those cases I expect little or no service. Here, it should have been top notch and it was not. I don't want to feel like I was bothering the server, but that is what we all felt like at the end of the meal.. . I might consider going here again just to see if this was really an off night or if it was par for the course, but there are so many other options in Vegas I cannot really see that happening. Here's hoping you have better luck and that Tom stops in and teaches his chef's how to season properly!
I was hoping for the best but the Steaks were NOT worth the price!! Go to CUT instead!
Im a fan of Tom and suggested this place to our group of 6 but what a disappointment. The restaurant was uncomfortably cold. My beet salad had too many, esthetically pleasing, flavorless beets. My steak was not hot and my girlfriends was overcooked. (rare came out medium..) All the meat felt like it had been waiting too long to be served and the sides were also limp and only average. The service was slow and didnt have the professional touch I enjoy at other steakhouses. Maybe because we were seated at ten pm but its Vegas and at $125 per person for a table of 6 they could have treated us better! When the tip is included why does the service always suck?? We all agreed the food court would have made more sense..
In one word, Disappointed! I'm sure, wait, I know you can find a better meal in Vegas. Dined at Craft this past week for a friends bachelor party. It was a slow Monday night so I expected the best. I work in a 4 star steak house so my expectations were high. They were not met. Service was ok. The sommelier was friendly and knowledgeable. Two of our 7 steaks were grossly overcooked. The server tried very hard to sell me on my overcooked steak. I'm guessing the som was also the manager since he was the one to take my steak back, otherwise a manager never became involved. My recook came right out, however the other overcook didn't come out till the end of the meal. We boxed it to take with us. They comped my friends steak which is not what we were looking for, just a really good meal. Seven restaurant workers and nobody was impressed. This says volumes about an establishment. Save your money and try somewhere else.
Greats apps and wine. I got the ribeye and was disappointed. Too much fat and gristle.   Also another person I was with got a similar cut. . . The new york strip looked good. . . . Better experience at Delmonico's at the Venetian.
No. . . Steak is not great. . . Service is. That's the only thing that saved this review.
Everyone deserves a second chance, despite my previous review/comment about second chances at such exorbitant prices.. . I get it...I really do. The fancy dining sofa's, ass kissing service and iron skillets. It's all good. But what's the use of iron skillets if they don't provide heat? My $60 filet was cold...once again. I hate sending food back. I won't do it. I shouldn't have to.. . Sorry, I got ahead of myself. I jumped to the main course.. . The bread is very good. That particular iron skillet delivered. I'm reluctant to Yelp anything is good in a sentence because that may become a YELP restaurant highlight.. . CraftSteak's beet salad is bland. I don't necessarily like salty food, so that says a lot. Maybe add a chunk of goat cheese. Not daring to be different, but it's a classic pairing. But hey, beets are good for me, so I'll move on.... . The risotto was good, with all the tomatoes, bits and pieces, but was served CRUNCHY al dente. . . The filet...well you know about my filet. Other than it being coldededed, it was, yes, under seasoned and BLAND. Try a Ruth's Chris steak, so hot, moist and buttery.. . Oh, oh, oh....my Dark and Stormy, ginger and rum drink was great.. . The service was very good, but I sat at the bar. That's my thing when I want great service. That's a no brainer.. . No dessert tonight, even though the Monkey Bread is fan-fuckin-tastic! YELP highlight that!. . Lucky to be alone tonight. Only $146 for one.
Our first meal in Vegas was here, with our group of 8. Nice ambiance, the staff was pleasant, and we loved to open kitchen concept. We started with the carpaccio. Completely underwhelmed. And the meal just got more expensive and more mediocre after that...the grilled salad was disliked and sent back by two out of three diners, with the third feeling like since he didn't hate it, he'd eat it. The steaks were rated by our table as anywhere between "fine" and "not great". I had the short ribs...and thought they were okay. But not great...and by the end of the night, we left disappointed. And by the next day, we've dubbed this place the dog of our stay. Bummer.
Maybe we came here on the night the greeting ladies/waitresses were unhappy to be working but from walking up and being ignored until they were done talking about other people, to the fact they were frowning, ALL OF THEM, to the fact that they sat a couple that checked in after us that had a later reservation.....who cares what the food tastes like why do you want to step in door ?. . And on another note why are they tables so low set that you can't cross your legs?. . My recommendation skip this place, try a Morton's
My boyfriend and I were looking to eat something before we saw Ka, so we walked over to craftsteak and decided to try it out. He had had it once before, and I hadn't eaten here before but he got me excited for it. Unfortunately our whole situation was handled so poorly that I had to comment on it. . First off, it took close to 20 minutes after we sat down to order, which we weren't too worried about because we still had over an hour to eat and walk two minutes away to catch Ka. I ordered a lobster bisque, asparagus and the short rib, he ordered the Wagyu skirt steak (as suggested by our waitress). . The bisque came out almost immediately and was INCREDIBLE. so good. Scarfed it down and then waited for our entrees. And waited and waited and waited. . Close to 45 minutes after the bisque our waitress came back over and told us the food would be out shortly because she knew we had a show to catch, and then walked away- we weren't exactly sure what was going on but she was kind of rushing so we could tell something was up. . About an hour after we ordered (when we said we had to leave by) the food shows up. And by this time we knew that we only would have enough time to shovel it into our mouths and run. The food was so wonderful, I was honestly heartbroken to have to leave over half of it on the table so we wouldn't have to miss the show we just paid for. Our waitress came with the food to explain what had happened, I guess there was a glitch in the kitchen and they weren't able to cook for a while, which I totally understand-things happen, not a problem. Then right before we had to leave, the manager came over with two new drinks to take with us to the show as kind of a apology, which we did appreciate. We were just so frustrated that no one came over really to explain anything beforehand, and that we ended up paying over $200 for a meal which we only barely got to enjoy. It was a nice gesture to bring us two fresh drinks on the house, but I didn't go there for the drinks, I went for the food, and I didn't get to eat what I wanted. Had we known that all the grills were shut down, we would have paid for the soup and our drinks and left. Instead we were stuck paying for two beautiful cuts of meat that we just got the bare minimum of before we sprinted out the door. . . Really, really bummed.
