I couldn't believe when my husband booked us to stay here.  I hadn't heard good things, and my dearly beloved is a serious hotel snob, so I hoped for the best but prepared for the worst.  It is sincerely unpleasant.  The bathrooms obviously haven't been updated in years, and for some reason - whether it is the general hotel location, bad windows or just our room which faced south toward the airport - the sirens from the strip were constant at all hours.  For the price, you can do much better.
My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel and the only reason I stayed because of the price, it was cheap. I do not like this hotel and will never stay there again. There's nothing fun about this place ... there is nothing nice about the rooms. . . If I can make any advice stay at the Hard Rock, Bellagio or the Wynn. You'll have a much better time! :o) . . Happy travels.
will NOT be staying here again. Did NOT expect it to be sooo mediocre.... This hotel is for the loud, roudy, and uncouth...As if the constant screaming outside our window till late at night from the dinky overpriced rollercoaster that was stupidly placed waaayy tooo close to guests' rooms (like ours) wasn't BAD enough--We were startled awake at 3am by a LOUD, SHREAKING group of idiot girls and their blaring tv... Come to find out the next morning, my parents who were on a completely different floor than I was, were also awakened by some lunatic who banged on their door screamin' "security" "security" also in the wee hours of the night!! Wow. never again. You get what you pay for. Pay just a little bit more, and stay with a little more civilized group of folks.
Rooms are too close to the roller coaster. If you travel for business, do not stay here. The price is good but not worththe loss of sleep. Rooms are meh. I would expect more from an MGM property.
The casino is always crowded as ass and hard to maneuver through.  Rooms nice enough, pool sucks.. . I generally don't like to kick it here.
I come to Vegas 2 to 3 times a year.  This place has great customer service and nice rooms.  The American Cafe has the best breakfast and lunch.  I eat healthy and I can always find a fresh Turkey burger or healthy selection.  The pool how ever was a different story...they have a couple of waitress taking orders for those who sit in the chairs.  They totally igonored my friends and I...she saw us sitting there and we had to go too the outside bar ourselves and get our drinks while the waitress took orders from everyone around us and ignored our section.  Too bad she missed out on great tips.  This would be one of the reasons I will not stay here again but will eat at the New York New York.  They will give away tickets to ROK the night club but when I asked for tickets to the Piano bar I was refused.  If you are a guest of the hotel and you ask for passes to a place your going to spend money at... wouldnt you think that a $100 bar tab over rides a $10 entrance fee?  We are returning next month and we decided to go with Luxor which has great service all around!  They never ignore you anywhere at the Luxor!
Stayed here mainly because my friend was getting married at Excalibur and I thought it would be better than staying there.  Major Cons: . . 1: Shower clogged first time we used it. had to shower in 4 inches of standing water. We called the front desk and they did have someone come repair it while we were out. Problem was when we got back the shower was unclogged but completely disgusting. Covered with black specks of god knows what. Had to ask a maid in the hallway to come clean it. . . 2: On the topic of maids (and really this is probably not that big a deal but just irked me). We are in Vegas...why is housekeeping knocking on my door before 9am. I mean I should have put the stupid don't knock thing on my door but holy cow. We are checking out at 11 the same day. Why are you bugging us at 830?! . . 3: Everyone is right - the walls are paper thin. It's obnoxious. Also (and this is probably our fault for staying here) but the roller coaster was outside our window and sooooo loud (even though we were on the 24th floor). . . 4: The pizza sucked. My husband is a New Yorker and was looking forward to some good New York style pizza. Instead we got about 5 pounds of smooshy dough. Nothing New York about it. . . 5: While the room was clean and okay in style, the bedding sucked. The pillows were horrible. I usually love hotel pillows because they are so soft and nice. These ones were like Prison style. Super uncomfortable. . . 6: Last but not least, there is no way to change the temp in the room. We were pretty hot and uncomfortable. Would have been nice to have been able to kick the temp down a few degrees. . . So basically, yes it's a bit cheaper than staying more central to the strip but unless you can't afford better I would not recommend it at all. We are 100% we will never stay there again.  It's not a dump so to say but it's not the Vegas experience I look for.
Rooms look old, run downed, had vomit smell next to one of the beds. Hallways had weird smells too, saw lots of drunk young adults being loud, sitting outside the rooms, heard people partying in their rooms! Not very classy, if you are in your 20's and want to party and drink, bump into loud drunk young people  then this is the hotel for you :) Swimming pool area was not attractive at all, small and crowded!
I wanted to try this hotel because I thought the design was neat. I have never stayed here and the price was pretty good. . . I liked the gambling area and the restaurant area was cute. Looked like you were walking on a street through a neighborhood with trees and everything. . . We stayed in a Broadway room. You have to be careful when you book that you are not put in a room with pink windows. I was warned of this before we booked because apparently your whole room is pink all the time. . . The room was pretty spacious. Unfortunately it did have a big column in the room that blocked part of our view. You do get two big windows though. . . I know you don't go Vegas to watch t.v. but when it's late and you just want to fall asleep to it you want it to work. It's a small junky old t.v. Keep your little kids away from it because it's really loose on the little swivel thing that holds it. The remote had a mind of it's own. It didn't matter what you pressed on the remote it just went all over the place. Plus you had to use your muscles to even get it to work at all. Then, of course 50% of the channels rolled so your couldn't even see a picture. . . So I thought, heck with the t.v. let's listen to the ipod on the ipod dock. Nope. Volume didn't work. Finally, after ten minutes of poking at it with a pen I got the volume to work a little. . . When you stay at this hotel remember to bring your Draino. The bathroom sink drains slooooww. While washing my face I looked down and almost the whole sink was filled. . . I liked the shower though. There was a light in there for good leg shaves and it had plenty of shelves for all of our girly things. . . The room itself was pretty clean although I think they need to clean out the dusty vents. Lots of sneezing going on.. . Pool area was B-O-R-I-N-G. It was pretty small and the sun didn't hit it until about 12:30 or 1:00. So if you go out early to get a seat then prepare not to get any sun until then. Though that might be a good thing. We sort of enjoyed not being scorched. But if that is your goal then don't rush out there. Poolside seats are limited but people get so bored they leave so you could get a poolside seat if you wait it out a bit. . . So if you come to Vegas on the cheap this hotel isn't too bad. Just warning you of all the little pitfalls.
Stay at the Monte Carlo. The bars and casinos are better. The casino at NY NY is too busy, the layout of the hotel is confusing, and service is slow. The restaurants have great food though. . . I rarely take the time to write reviews, but I felt compelled to write about how terrible our room was. The sink had the smell of sewage in the pipes, the TV kept changing channels by itself, there was a cigarette burn in the bed spread, and they only gave us two flat pillows. I had to ask for them to bring more and that took 30 minutes! And, the concept of being "environmentally" friendly is a load of crap, like all hotels. . . Find a hotel where resort fees are included if you're not going to use any spa or fitness services. Paying extra money for things I didn't use was a waste. . . The food at all of the restaurants were great. I recommend staying at another MGM resort hotel and then go to New York-New York for food or drinks. Seriously, you'll see the difference in all of the hotels when you visit and you'll find the layout and gift shops are A LOT better.
I will NEVER go to this hotel ever again. I was promised a room with a view of the strip but when we arrived they said that it was changed to a pool but when we went to the room there was no view but a stupid wall and a piece of the sky. The service was bad they left the food in the hallway for more than 2 nights it was horrible. Seriously the spa suite that  smelled like a garbage dump. . . Next time go to Monte Carlo were they have better rooms and service for the price.
We stayed here this pass Friday night and Saturday. Rooms are nothing great, but seemed clean. Like that they have a safe available in the room free of charge.. . We decided to gamble there Friday night and I swear there was like one waitress working this big slot area. We moved to other machines and I flagged her down and she said she'll be right back when she dropped off the drinks to other customers. I waited and she never came back so I decided to go to another section and saw her and basically had to chase her down. Really NYNY......it's a Friday. Boo to them!. . Gambling here is ok as they have a good slot selection and it's not bad.
In the land of Vegas, New York looks beautiful but the casino inside is meh.. There's a decent food selection and the rooms are nice and clean. But I've stayed at several hotels in Vegas and I know this one is one I won't be going back to. . . The highlight of this place is the Piano Bar. Its located near big hotels, but its not even close to the central part of the strip. Everything is being build around Venetian and expanded out the opposite way, so to get to the Bellagio or Caesars requires a cab. And their sports betting area is just a huge disappointment.
We stayed here because my dad spends lots of money in the casinos so we get free rooms and comps. The Merriweather fight was on the weekend we went so we didn't get our first, second, or third hotel choice. We went with NYNY since we'd never stayed here and it looks cool.. . First, the parking was fine. It was quite a long walk from the garagedown the elevators, through the midway, down the escalators, then to registration...but at least we weren't carrying lots of bags (insert sarcastic mark). . The trouble began once we started dining. We had breakfast on Saturday at Il Fornaio (delicious!)...then when we tried to charge the meal to our room I was told (very politely, btw) that I wasn't authorized to room charge. I informed the waiter that I was on the room and also authorized, so he talked to his manager and it was fine.. . Nine Fine Irishmen, no problem. Then we go to the pool (they don't allow outside beverages - ridiculous) and get a couple of drinks. I'm told I can't charge to the room (again). Repeat earlier experience, except this time the incredibly rude pool bartender doesn't call his manager or the front desk and simply says NO. Ok fine. Here are the drinks back that you already poured, except you have to waste them. Definitely better than getting money for them (insert another sarcastic mark).. . We call the front desk and ask what's going on as we can use the room charge sometimes and sometimes not. They say that I am on the room charge, but whomever is running the bill has to call the front desk for authorization. Sounds like a broken system to me.. . The cherry on top was checkout. We go to checkout, and the rooms, room charges, etc. are all on the bill. My dad argues with the supposed casino host for about 15 minutes (reading off of printed email confirmations of offers of free room and food) and only gets 2/3 off of the bill.. . Overall, the good was good, but the bad was so bad. The people we encountered (except the pool bartender and casino host on the phone) were actually really cool people - you could tell they were hamstrung by the suits upstairs and actually cared about the customer (they were the only reason I didn't leave one star). Their system is so messed up that if you were less aware, you'd think the faces you see incompetent, but in actuality, they are in dire need of a system overhaul.. . Needless to say, we will NOT be staying here again, even if offered another free room, as apparently even that is not guaranteed.
We spent the weekend here on my last visit to Las Vegas.  The interior of the lobby is nice.  They've done a good job making you feel like you're walking down a street in New York.  However, the rooms were small and the hotel was generally kind of shabby.  Once you got past the glitzy bottom, the actual hallways and rooms felt out of date and on par with a Best Western.  Personally, I would never stay here again, especially considering the price.
Stayed here a few years ago. So this review may be very vague from what I remember. Ive both gambled here on other occacions, also caught the zumanity show. But I'll get to the point.. . There really is no wow factor to this hotel. Rooms are clean, yet small. Sheets are clean, but not very modern. Amenities, well I don't remember any. It's all pretty bland. Didn't get on the roller coaster, which I kinda regret. Pool is small. And theres a very strange odor that lingers every now and then around the pool area.. . I think the best part of the hotel is the lobby area. They have mock shops there, with restaurants. They have this one little pastry shop that is really cool. And sells great tarts. Right next to this gag magic gift shop. That carries a mock Shaun Connery mask. Its hilarious, other than that. I can't bring up anything memorable. Id say this is a good family hotel, or close to it here in Vegas anyway.
Casino review only.  So here I was, waiting for my hubby and friends to get back from the M and M store across the street.  I found my favorite Lord of the Rings slot, and sat down for 45 minutes or so.  The casino just feels SOOOOO dirty and grimy to me.  very dark...and awkwardly shaped and laid out.  very loud.  VERY LOUD.  i didn't lose on the slot, but due to the weirdness that was around me, I'd never go back.  the bathrooms are now really dated (and very dirty)...and hard to find.  upstairs was the arcade (completely empty) and Nathan's hotdogs (no one there).  the casino seemed busy, but not too busy on a weekday afternoon.  this place reminded me of the Luxor dark, dingy, and disgusting.  oh well.
I was disappointed with my room the last time I stayed here. It wasn't cleaned properly. I only stay here when I'm on a budget crunch. The restaurants at this hotel aren't good and are very pricey.
Didn't really fancy this casino.  Small and didn't have any slots that I wanted to play.  I really like the facade of this casino.  It is really swell.
First Time in Vegas and as with anywhere you need to stay in an area at least once to learn where to stay and what to do. I booked the hotel on a promo "Vegas Party Scape Package" which includes 'free' cover to four bars/clubs and some other minor 'perks'. . Well Rok, one of the bars was closed, Coyote Ugly was handing out free cover vouchers and the other two bars I believe didn't have a cover. Only thing we benefited from was a 15% reduced room rate of $68.  Some promotion.. . Our room has a stunning view of a wall and the backside of the roller coaster. I tried to get them to bump me to a Strip View room for free, which they would do, FOR $15. Oh well I tried. Maybe since I had the "Vegas Party Scape Package" they felt I was already getting a deal. . . $15 resort fee blows. Sort of like getting a haircut for $10 and then paying a mandatory $5 fee to sit in the chair. No way around the fee, outside of staying at a 'resort fee free' hotel. But let's be honest - if they aren't out right charging it to you, it is most likely packaged into the price somewhere. . . I was less than blown away from this hotel/casino. The location is on the South end of the strip. My wife was less than thrilled after the 1.5 hike down to the Venetian Casino. If I had to do it over I'd stay at a more centrally located hotel along the strip, then you can walk North or South and check things out. This is really my fault for not knowing the area. Lesson learned.. . Rooms are meh, ok, I guess. Only two pillows on the bed. Their upgraded strip view rooms get more pillows...seriously? Has the feel of a worn Westin Hotel room. Decent but not what I expected for "Vegas Baby".  I'm cheap, so paying a premium wasn't a priority for a premium room, but IF I ever come back I'm looking elsewhere. We didn't spend much time in the room anyway, but do want to feel that you are getting the most BANG for your buck. . . I'd take a 'gamble' on another Casino/Hotel if I was doing this again, took a gamble on New York New York and lost. Oh well that is Vegas and we all know the house always wins.
Casino is modern and nice but the worst thing about the hotel are the pillows! I would like a small rock better because my neck wouldn't hurt as much. They came with 6 more pillows after I requested a softer pillow and all with huge, bulky, and hard. You'd think they would have different pillows for a nice hotel.  In addition, I found a dead cockroach next to the bed...
The room itself was updated and comfy.  We had the spa suit which made it nice after walking around the strip all day.  However, I must say I was disappointed with the hotel from the time of check in until we left three days later.  Upon check in the line was extremely long and it took us over 20 minutes before we reached a person.  Then we come to find out in the fine print there is a $15 resort fee PER night. So we paid $45 more dollars then we expected.  They also charged my visa an extra $100 a night as a damage control fee.  They even ended up charging my card an extra $100 then they even needed to!  Yes I did get the $400 back after check out but it really put a damper on the spending money for our vacation. . . As we got up to our room, I noticed we did not have a fridge or coffee pot that both were advertised for in the room.  The fridge we were able to get free of charge only because I have a medical condition that requires my meds to be cold. Still NO coffee pot?  What kind of hotel now a days doesnt have a small coffee pot in the rooms?  We were told it was a fire hazard.  Really?  I think they just wanted us to get up and crawl downstairs to their in house starbucks to spend more money.. . The last day of our stay we did ride the roller coaster and I think that is the best thing this hotel had going for them.. . Considering it was my first time in Vegas and my birthday, I was sure the hotel would give us some sort of incentives for eating/ gaming in their casino but apparently I was wrong cause I couldn't even get as much as a cup of coffee.
the best thing about this place is the food options in the lobby.  Otherwise you can stay somewhere else and walk there lol.  Their customer service was horrible.  I've been to Vegas many time, in many casino's, they do not give you the Vegas experience you look to receive.
Oh New York New York, I am so glad we did not stay here, I am writing this review solely on the casino. . The casino gets SO confusing after the while because of the layout, there is a bar in the center and all the tables are around. Every time I went to the restroom, I would come back and have no idea where my friends were and I have a great sense of direction, seriously. It's just like New York City, so crowded. . One waitress was a BITCH, we were tipping her all night and I was getting change to give her a tip and she walked away Rolling Her Eyes at me, I guess I wasn't fast enough..effing wait a second!! My friends and I asked the dealer why she didn't like us and her reply was, "You didn't tip her", we've been tipping her all damn night!!! . The drinks were shit too, and the dealers had on gross t-shirts or something. . It's a cool atmosphere but the waitress and dealer just turned me off.. . The one thing I love about this place is cheap food and the MANHATTAN EXPRESS, if you haven't been on it, goooo, but not after drinking a lot. You might throw up.. . :)
2.5 Stars. . I've experienced so much better in so many other hotels. Three stars for the price, 2 stars for the overall quality. . . A lot of robotic treatment over the phone before arriving as well as once we arrived. There was also a lot of unlearned ignorance with the hotel operators who told us that it was available to visit other hotel's pools at a charge and the Bellagio told us that they never heard of anything like that, and the MGM Grand said out right - NO! . . At least the management were accommodating (though it wasn't easy). One of the manager's was nice but was more talk/schmooze than action (I guess she really didn't have a lot to work with here).. . Clean rooms some partially updated, some not. Our initial non smoking room smelled of smoke. Sinks and tubs way out dated & rusty parts.. . Overall OK, but only if you are not picky nor if you pay attention to details.
In all fairness I have not stayed in the hotel, so this review will be confined to the public areas. The casino is dark, cavernous and loud, making it seedier than the actual New York (no easy task). All that being said, they still have the nerve to have high table limits. The steak-house, however was good, as is Nine Fine Irishmen. All in all it is worth a look.
We stayed here during our visit to Las Vegas in March. Our reservations were for   three nights , after returning to the hotel after a long day at the races we get to our room just to find out we couldn't get in. We immediately go to the customer service desk to see what was going on, we were told they had checked us out , I was extremely upset because we had paid for three nights not two nights and all the lady could say was sorry. We had also signed up for their players card during our visit and was told you could use it at every restaurant and coffee shop there, well that wasn't true and with every associate we questioned about the card we got a different story . Everyone that was with our group all decided that we would never stay here again.
What was once 3 stars is now 2. It's the natural evolution of hotels I guess. New York New York Hotel and Casino is only 15 years old, but it looks 25 now with worn carpet, furniture, and matching down-trodden atmosphere. I've had some of my best casino wins at New York-New York, but don't feel drawn back despite generous player perks.. . Once you've stayed at a few of the nicer hotels in Las Vegas, it is hard to go back to normal-size rooms, motel furniture, and basic amenities. Even so, I don't hate New York New York Hotel. It is what is has become. A lower priced hotel option with plenty of $10 tables to work your gambling magic. It is convenient to MGM and most other places on the strip. . . . If you're looking for a "reasonable hotel with a cool theme" for a first visit to Vegas, then New York New York may be a great choice. It also is probably a decent option for families since kids can hit the arcade, food court, and roller coaster on their own. Otherwise, if you are a Vegas regular, foodie, or have the $$$ to spend on something nicer then you can find better hotels in LV than NY-NY.
Well it is a sad story. Girl likes casino, casino doesn't live up to her expectations anymore, girl moves on..... . NYNY is not the worst and not the best. It is mainly for families since it has the roller coaster and arcade area. . . They do have lots of restaurants that are sit down and fast food. . . Booked a non-smoking room but right when I walked into the room I was hit by an invisible wall of smoke smell. The bed mattress was very uncomfortable and the horrid scratchy sheets didn't make sleeping any better. We booked the hotel for three nights but after that first night we jumped ship and went to another hotel for the remainder of our trip.. . The fitness room is a joke. All of the cardio machines were ancient and half of them were not in service. Small free weight area and a water cooler. . . Had an hour wait at the box office picking up show tickets at will call. Two people working the windows but took their sweet time and later blamed their computer for having issues. . . Oh well, NYNY thanks for the fun while it lasted but I bid you goodbye.
This review is just on the lobby and the casino.. . It seems like this hotel was great during the 90's when Vegas was all about families.  It also looks like not much has been done to update the place and make it look a bit classier.  It looks like a theme park on the inside complete with a roller coaster.. . You can find cheaper table games here but it's more smokier in here than in other casinos.  We came in here to see if it had changed but it still looks and feels like it did when it opened.
The wife and I got a good deal for New York New York so here's how we did..... . This is gonna be a quick right up since there are already over 600 reviews for this hotel.  We pulled up to the front to unload our bags and to get checked in.  I'm handicap with a busted leg.  The security guard and the bell man were complete assholes about it.  They were all over us.  "What do you think you're doing?" and "You need to move your car right now!"  Both at the same time was a bit aggressive.  If I wasn't crippled I would of.....just kidding.  I'm not a fighter.  But they told me to go park on level 3 because it was "right next to check in."  We thought, ok great.  It was not right next to check in and i had to hit the escalator twice.  F U security and bell hop!  . . We got an upgraded room with a jacuzzi (pic) in it.  It was nice to use it at the end of the night and anytime I can see the wife in a 2 piece of a no piece I'm a happy man.  We only spent time in the room while we were getting ready and to sleep so it wasn't that bad.  Although the room had no view and everytime i dropped a hammer it would clog the toilet.  I don't really care because I'm with my wife but every time?  C'mon man!!!!!. . Will I again?..  Prob not, too many other options in Vegas.  Toot toot!
Not all that impressed with this establishment. . . Room was nice and clean, updated, warm showers, Nice TV, clean linens and all that. You really don't get a view with the windows being as narrow as they are, and not your usual floor to ceiling window I've had in other hotels on the strip. . . Restaurants are not all that. STAY away from The America. How do you burn an English Muffin? and when it comes back, it's not really warm. Options are burnt or just out of the bag with some brown spots. The BF had an omelet and had stomach issues for a few days after. . . They have a cool Statue of Liberty made purely out of jelly belly's, now that was cool. Casino is a bit small. Now on to the pool. many of us go to Vegas to party at night, and lounge at the pool during the day and get a little sun. Because of its location, the pool doesn't get much sun unless the sun is shining right above. (buidlings are on either side of the pool blocking the rays. I've been to Mandalay Bay, Excalibur, The Flamingo, and this pool looks like your basic pool. Not a fan.. . Rates are ok, but honestly, I'd rather pay a little more and stay closer to the heart of the strip than near the end. . . Would I stay here again? erm, It's not a terrible place, but honestly, I have experienced better.
I was not happy with my stay here at all and I'm still disappointed in the quality and service at this hotel. I'm not complaining about the price per se because I am well aware of the service fees and extra charges. I just think the quality received was extremely poor compared to the price payed. The room didn't even come with a fridge.. . I am also convinced that housekeeping stole a stuffed animal of mine. My friends thinks they thought it was cute and gave it to their kids. The item in question was never removed from the room by myself and several calls to the lost and found produced no results. It just seems odd.. . Would not stay again.. . EDIT: WAIT, THERE'S MORE! Say it in the Billy Mays voice. My ipod also never left the room and has mysteriously not turned up either. Change "would not stay again" to "would NEVER stay again."
Didn't think much of it to cramped inside cool outside though.
They took out their Sic Bo machine :(  I was really bummed out, it was my favorite game in Vegas and it was here less than 30 days prior. Could not find any help here or a Slots Manager to ask, but walked every inch of the casino and it was gone. In its place were slots and a similar craps game moved up (could have been the Sic Bo machine reprogrammed).
Staying on the strip again at just another huge strip themed hotel. I didn't find anything spectacular about staying here. And what I found to be a huge negative was where the pool is located. You don't get a lot of sun at the later part of the day. Because they have the parking garage build up right behind it. The only real benefit I found was in the resort daily fees they include Wi-Fi. When I come to visit Vegas again I will choose another hotel for sure.
Stinky dirty hotel
New York Hotel Las Vegas is not a 4 star hotel it is 3 star  hotel all the way... The bathroom was old and outdated. It looks like something you would see in the a motel.  I ask for champagne and got it in a glass instead of a flute.The Chinese restaurant food was grose, awlful and very nasty. We paid $60.00 for food wehad to throw away, my stomach still hurt . The service in the Italian restaurant was poor from the old man bartender.   Please pay the extra money to stay somewhere nice like Venetian or Bellagio
We made reservation through orbtiz. However, the when we reached NY- NY hotel they started charging us $20 extra for the resort fees and othe stuffs. As per the reservation, everything was included but the receptionist informed us NO it isn't because ususally they don't charge through ORTIBZ. Bummer to reach the place and have to pay additional fee.. . Overall the hotel was okay.
We stayed at NYNY over the Memorial Day holiday, so a crowd was certainly expected.  But, it seemed like the wait at the elevators (Century Tower) was longer than it needed to be.  There are only 4 elevators that service the very frustrating, you were already annoyed when you came downstairs in the morning because of the wait.. . The VIP check in area is very nice, and the women were fantastic.  Very quick process.  Same with the valet.  The room left a little to be desired.  We required a fridge due to some medical supplies, and when it was delivered the guy delivering it commented on how small our room was.  He had to put it by the door because it fit no where else in the room.  This meant it was bumped a couple of times on our way in/out of the room.. . When we arrived the safe did not work.  This caused us to have to wait in the room about 20 minutes for security to come.  The woman with security was very nice and solved the problem quickly, but it was an annoyance to deal with right when we arrived.  Also, the safe was on the floor of the room.  In other MGM properties I have stayed at (Bellagio, MGM Grand), the safe is inside the night table next to the beds, so you can sit on the bed and get into the safe.  At NYNY, I had to sit on the floor and lean over, which was also annoying.. . MLife employees were friendly.  There are lots of casual dining options in addition to a very good steakhouse in Gallagher's.  I think if the rooms were upgraded upstairs, it would help a lot.  Good location, with a quick walkway to MGM Grand and a very short walk to Monte Carlo.  They do need to remedy the elevator situation.
Came for a bachelor party.  The room was good but the rest of the casino was pretty 'meh'.  The line to check in was huge, I had to wait about 15 minutes. The elevators and corridors to get to the room are extremely confusing especially after a few drinks. I had to walk about 5 minutes (felt like forever) to get from the elevator to my room ... the whole place is confusingly designed to make it hard to find anything you're looking for. I got the impression that most of the surrounding casinos were much much nicer.
If NYC was this vacant, it'd be the beginning of a disaster movie. . . I feel like this is only fun when you've never been to NY and don't get what they're trying to replicate.  Or maybe it's not fun even then, I'm not sure.. . The restaurants are 'meh' for sure, the service is oddly lacking (hellooooo????) everywhere you go and the whole place seemed to have lost it's appeal a year after opening.. . Bathrooms were messy, bars close early (wha? in Vegas?) and food is scarce and bad after midnight.. . I don't think I'd go back in unless dragged.
We've stayed at NYNY before and always had a good time, but this trip has been the exception and so much so that I feel compelled to write this.  . Check in took 45 minutes - a huge line of people waiting for just 2 front desk employees working.  . Checked in on Thursday - no hot water.  Took 2 days to get it fixed. . WiFi was intermittent at best.. Room temp could not be regulated.   .  . The icing on the cake was stopping into the 'dueling pianos' bar tonight for a drink and being driven out by the blasting pianos and screeching piano players/singers that apparently thought screaming lyrics was a good way to overcome the fact they were so hopelessly off-key.  . . I gave NYNY two stars because we've had a good experience in the past, but it's obvious their services have gone down hill.
Meh.... The wait to check in was long and annoying. The spa was mediocre (facial was really great; massage seemed rushed and routine) . . The rooms decor was lousy. It was very old fashioned and desperately needed an upgrade.. . The food.... The MGM has much better offerings. The buffet, The District, etc. . . Find somewhere else to stay!
I love hotel rooms.  Seriously.  I could go on vacation and just hang out In a hotel, and what better place than Las Vegas where your hotel has a casino, several restaurants, bars, shops.. It's like, my ideal vacation spot. . . I've stayed at NYNY before when I was younger and was drunk over half the time I was here (who isn't?) but now I'm a little older and can't keep up as much and like to chill and relax.  The rooms are a decent size and decor is fine, bed is comfy BUT- the Internet is absolutely terrible.  You can't load ANYTHING. And my TV kept cutting in and out and was always broken and jumping like a satellite dish with interference.  It's a sunny, hot day right now too, not a drop of rain since we arrived.  . . I'm giving it 2 stars just because of how ridiculous it is that you have to pay 20 dollars a day for things included like the Internet and TV, which isn't worth 5 dollars a day.  If they want to say it's for all the other shops/restaurants/attractions here then they need to lower the prices of some of their items.   . . I doubt ill stay here again.  I prefer something like Paris or Planet Hollywood.
Stayed here one night onmy last trip as I extended my stay one night and couldn't extend the rate on my other reservation.  My wife and I have debated staying here but never did so it was a good chance for me to evaluate for 1 night to see if it was worth staying at on our next trip.. . While I do like the high ceilings of the casino I don't like the fact that checkin is basically in the casino and there is not a dedicated lobby like other places.  Other issues are I arrived to checkin at 12:40 and because it wasn't 1pm they charged me an extra $20 for early checkin.  I've stayed at 4 or 5 other properties in Vegas (mostly MGM ones) and always checked in in the morning and have never had to pay this extra fee.  In fact a week earlier I checked in at 9am at the Monte Carlo and it was not a problem.  That in itself will keep me from staying here again but beyond that this is just a very odd building.  My impression is that great strides were taken to focus on the exterior of the building despite what it would do to the interior.  What it resulted in is very long (even by Vegas standards) halways with countless crooks and turns and overall a very disconnected feel to the building when trying to get from point A (your room) to point B (anywhere else).. . Room was nice but the other things will keep me from staying there again.
ugh. not sure they've updated anything since they opened. compared to many others on the strip, this is tired and below standard. at least its cheap.
Just checked into a 16th floor, upgrade strip view room.... hallway to room is dirty and littered with trash and strip view is less than spectacular.  Not impressed, would go back to MGM
