I can't really say I like or dislike the club itself BUT I can say they really need to work on their management of their guest more.  I understand it's a new club and that Kaskade was performing that night and I didn't have a ticket and was in the general admission line.  . . I got there about 9pm and the line was fairly long as I expected.  There was also a line for invited guests/VIP and also a separate line for people who bought tickets before the event.  . . When I went into line some people were I talked to were telling me they were waiting downstairs for over an hour before someone from the hotel or club told them the actual line was upstairs on the 2nd floor.  Luckily I wasn't one of those people.  But I did end up waiting in line for 5 hours and I had to leave at 2am since my friends wanted to head home and they weren't with me to try and attend the event.  Anyways.  When I did finally leave I was about 5 feet away from the front.  I noticed that there was still people in the "Ticket" line and it was longer than the general admission line at that point.  I felt sad for those who payed already and they were still waiting in line at 2am to get in still.  I really hope they don't treat their future guests this way.. . Just make sure you come in really early if you want to get in this club unless you're an invited guest.  And make sure your on the 2nd floor and not the first cuz they may make you wait an hour or two before anyone tells you your on the wrong floor.
Not as great as I thought it would be.. It's a great idea to have three different rooms of different kinds of music....but. *extremely packed. -expect to get drinks split on u. -toes stepped on. -barely have room to walk. -and wait in ridiculously long ass lines, even if ur on the guest list. . *my favorite was the hip hop room*. . If they had less ppl there I'm sure it woulda been a better experience for me, but barely having any room to dance or breathe kinda hindering my chances of a good time.. . *great music selection. *sexy ass waitresses and bartenders . *good looking crew. -got kinda a snotty vibe from most ppl tho. -ppl all seemed kinda irritated due to the lack of breathing room . -would think this would b the type of club a lot of fights break out lol cuz like I said before a lot of ppl spilling drinks and all up in ur space. . If you can deal with waiting in lines for hours and having no space to urself then ull enjoy this club, my suggestions for these club owners would b to put more of a limit on how many ppl enter the club so it becomes a better experience for those who do get in.
Everyone says this club has a crazy long ridiculous line but we got there at 10:45pm and literally stood in line for 5 minutes tops! There's a main entrance to this club, but also a few other smaller entrances that not too many people know about-maybe that's why? Anyways, the ambiance of this place was so-so. The club has 3 floors-smoking is permitted at the bar area of the 1st or 2nd floor. I didn't like the way you had to walk up what looks like emergency stairwells to get from level to level--annoying! I would think that'd be a big liability for the hotel should any drunken people tumble down those insane stairs. Oh and be careful when ordering at the bar, they almost tried to charge me $86.00 for 6 drinks when I only ordered 3 shots and 3 backs! Not very impressed with this place at all.....
Ignore the glitz and glamor...this place is a waste of time.  The wait to get in is forever long.  We stood in line at 8 and didn't get to the door until 945.  Once you get in, there are 3 levels of disappointment to choose from and to get to each one, you have to walk up and down several flights of stairs.    . . The bottom floor...I didn't stay on this floor long, because people were just standing around.  I didn't come to a club to stand around and people watch, so on to the next one.. . The main floor was popping.  If you can't dance and want to get lucky this is the place to be.  I could barely walk to the dance floor without people brushing their sweat up against me.  When I finally got to the floor, the bouncers were telling people to move and walk the other way bc the floor was too packed.  "That's fine," I thought..."There's always the 3rd room. ". . The top floor had chairs and tables everywhere.  The room was smaller than my hotel room.  What's the point of having an area where you can barely move and to get out, you have to walk around in a circle?! . . At this point I was done with Marquee.  I just wanted to get out, but it's not going to be that easy.  I felt like I had to go through a maze of 6-7 flights of stairs, to get out of this house of horror.  For anyone that is heavily intoxicated, I will pray for you.  . . So why the extra star you may ask?  Well the bathroom line was real quick and I did get in the club for free.  However, I'm sure the line was short because people would rather pee on themselves before walking out in the cold and getting lost in the maze that is Marquee. . . I felt like Goldilocks and the three bears.  Except that I kept on hoping for the "just right" moment, but it never came and I would have rather been chased out by a bear.
Please....do yourself a favor and do NOT waste your time or money. This club is for the most part ridiculous (as in, BAD).. . I have been on 2 occasions: one for Kaskade and one for Above&Beyond. There are so many issues that they need to work on. Both times they had a hip hop opener on a house music night! WTF? The #4 DJ in the world and you open with lame ass hip hop (that's a bad DJ as it is)?? Way to drop the ball Marquee...... . Then, you probably pay off the fire marshall to WAY OVERPACK the club to levels where dangerous mobs of people will literally crush you between between. You can not walk anywhere... and everywhere you try and stand the bouncer says, "You have to move. You can't stand there. Sorry, you can't stand there either. You have to move." Move WHERE?! . . The dancefloor is *tiny*. Too bad they wasted all the space on the patio. The stage/light show set up is amazing and the sound system good, BUT, amidst all the bad stuff, please... stay far, far away. . . Side note: my girlfriend and her dude ordered 1 round of 2 drinks at the bar and the tab for those 2 drinks?? $55!!! Insane. Also, 80% of the club is asian so you better be OK with that too.
Club is completely over crouwded, they herd you like cattle,, even if you have bottle service, which for 10 people was 4k. They dont treat you oike anytihng special,, My husbands credit card had a problem with a hold because the fruad department fladded it from him using it so much,, even after the vip host talked ont he phone with his bank, she still did not let us get even 1 bottle to start our night.. we all just sat at out over crowded 4k table desperately needing a drink, We all finally got fed up and left, the next day his card had been swiped so many times by this place even after we left from the frustration. They could not of been less accomidating. Nightmare of a place,, the music was very nice and an awesome sound syste,m though. They need to filter the amount of people in there and work on the guest relations.
My friends and I came to Marquee the last Friday in February.  Located in the absolutely beautiful and stunning The Cosmopolitan, it made me wonder why Marquee wasn't as breathtaking as the hotel was.  Prior to Marquee's opening, I saw news articles stating $60 million was spent on the club, $4 million of that spent on the DJ booth alone.  . . Once I got back, I did something I never do: researched to find out who was responsible for the horrible design of the club.  David Rockwell of the Rockwell Group in NY designed the club as well as lobbies, the beautiful Chandelier bar, and guest rooms of The Cosmopolitan...obviously he wasn't consistent in designs.  Marquee was created and is operated by TAO Group.  If you've ever been to TAO, you've experienced the tons of stairs involved to maneuver throughout the club.  The stairs and design of Marquee is absolutely horrible and it's obvious that there wasn't any female involvement in the design because no female in her right mind to walk everywhere in 5 inch heels.. . COVER:. $20 girls/$30-50 guys (up to the manager's discretion). Security were RUDE and SHADY with us.  We had 5 girls and 2 guys.  The girls were on the guestlist, however one security guard told us that there was no way that the guys would get in themselves without 2 girls with them.  My friend and I happily stood in line with the guys to be surprised by a RUDE security guy that since we were standing in that line, my friend and I would have to pay cover.  We explained that we were standing there so our guy friends could get in but he wasn't trying to hear any of it and rudely cut us off  and said we had to pay since we were standing in that line. . . LINE:. Since it's a new club, we knew it would be crowded.  We arrived at 9:45pm.  There was probably about 40 or so people in the guy/girl guestlist line and the general admission line was completely empty.. . ROOMS:. *Library Room - Consisted of a pool table and a bar, more of a lounge area. *Main Room - Pop and House, lots of tables for bottle service however 80% or so was empty when we were there. *BoomBox - Hip-Hop and Top 40s (1 star, you don't have to worry about your favorite Hip-Hop songs mixed in with House). . BAR:. $16-17 per shot for Cognac. (1 star because they have Hennessy Black!). . EXIT:. Good luck trying to leave the club.  Seriously.  There are several sets of stairs, each one leading somewhere differently and rarely you ever find one that actually let's you out of the club.  My friend and I had to ask how to leave because the place was like a maze and we were led out a door.  Walking through that crappy exit made it seem like I was in the emergency exit of an industrial building, no reflection on the hotel at all.  What's worse is that we ended up on the opposite end of the exit that our friends went through.. . Do yourself a favor, go to XS.  Only because of a hip-hop only room and Hennessy Black, Marquee gets TWO stars for me.  Would I come back?  Maybe one more time and that's it, but because I want to see the pool.
eh, this place is sleek but i didn't loooove it. i got here around 2am on a friday night (well, saturday morning, technically). i was too drunk to attempt to try to find the library or hit up any of the other floors. not that many good places to dance. you may dance on some platforms but they are narrow and i was disinclined to try in my five inch heels. instead, they have one area by the dj that is like a five foot wide platform. since im scared of heights, i clung by the wall and danced up there just to avoid the sloppy throng of people below! lots of men spilling their drinks.. . the music wasn't my thing. i have no desire to return to marquee even though i am in love with the cosmo hotel! . . i wish i could write a more extensive review, but don't remember much more.
Angel: I actually give it a 4.5 here's why:. .  Although bouncers and security were originally created to protect patrons from harm (not harass them for blinking an eye or touching water) i have come to accept the inherent douchery that is the majority of  Las vegas nightlife (except for the like 6 security/host i have personally interacted with who happen to be quite friendly and willing to answer "insider" questions) The snoody Very Insulting Host who ask to check your I.D after having just checked your I.D. The bartender who holds your card after processing to see how much you are going to tip him, (in this case a short dark haired guy who works at the bar on the right placed just before the pool).. . This is Las Vegas, that's just how it is here, you can't change sin city. Sin City doesn't care what you think about it. With that said, I only rate my outtings on the experience itself.NUMBER 1: If you don't like house don't go to a club that plays house (NUMBER 2: Drinks in Vegas will ALWAYS BE $14 minimum @ MEGA clubs. NUMBER 3: Stairs are for YOUR benefit. If a fire breaks out I doubt I'd be taking my prescious time to squeeze into an elevator.. NUMBER 4: This club is HUGE and full of beautiful people having a great time!!! Strong drinks, three rooms for music, EXCEPTIONAL performers including ballerinas and headlining DJs. NUMBER 5: Go no later than 10:30 best to go at 9:30 or you will not get in.. . I loved it, and would go back!. . Alex: 1 star. Angel wanted to see Kaskade, so we went even though I try to avoid nightclubs now mostly for reasons mentioned above. I was not surprised. . . I have partied around the fucking globe. Belgium, Germany, Italy, Romania, the UK, UAE, and more. No nightclubs have impressed me less than Vegas nightclubs, and Marquee is the new king of over-hyped, spit-on-your-shoes, I'm-better-than-you shitty attitude that doesn't belong in a venue where you come to let loose from the work week. I was charged $50, couldn't get my male friend in, was constantly pestered by security dweebs, smushed in a human meat sandwich, and of course over-charged for drinks all night. Besides typical Vegas nightclub fair, the overall design of the club was impressive. I wish I could have relaxed like I am able to at Voodoo Lounge, because I would have enjoyed taking everything in. Marquee just made me hungry to wake back up and find more valuable things to do with my time.
Don't get me wrong, this is a beautiful club.. very nice, gorgeous pool area, huge dance floor... . . but.... i didn't enjoy myself @ all. . 1. you can use the elevator.. walking up the club by stairs i ain't talking about 2,3 levels like Tao.. I'm talking about 6,7 floors in my 5 inch heels. . . 2. I went there on a sat. night was extremely crowded.. i got pushed, stepped, hit on the face on the dance floor. People were rude, and the places is way to crowded, it smells bad too...  . I don't even wanna know whats coming next ... so i left, i wasn't enjoying myself @ all.. If you are into a club scene with a lot of Asians, this is the place to go.. I've been told XS and Tao are all Asians, I guess they haven't been to Marquee yet...
I have to climb how many flights of stairs in these heels?....uggggh...the club itself was very nice and drinks were stiff but all those stairs just really turned me off this place. Word to the wise, wear comfy shoes, which is pretty much impossible for us girls rockin five inch heels!
TOTAL DISAPPOINTMENT.. . maybe cuz we decided to go on a saturday when above and beyond were going to be there....i knew it'd be packed...but DAMNNN.. we had a guestlist pass thing....but omg, they had all the girls meet in an area and then we all walked up together...and seriously LOL it felt like they were showing us off to everyone around just to catch attention...kinda degrading we all thought....and then the line.....half of our group got in and then they stopped our line...to let other random lines in....and we waited like 30 more mins.....it was almost 12 and we swear if they were trying to hold us outside till after 12 to make us pay...forget it!. . after all that crazy waiting, we finally got in...and OMG again the STAIRS!! wtheckkk. lol its like a work out. then the craziness began, the trance room was packed and the hip hop was even crazier! trying to find your friends was sooo hard. i can usually deal with crowds and being packed like sardines, but this night i could not take it. i even felt claustrophobic and had to  give up and head on out. . . sorry marqueee maybe another time, but you were not the business
WAAAAAY to packed, not worth the TWO HOUR wait. Inside is nice as well as the outside area...but bottom line...unless you have bottle service, or are too drunk to care about the massive amount of people....dont waste your time!
Went here on a Saturday night April 4 to be exact.  I specifically asked for bottle service in the boom box room and my promoter delivered. DJ Eric Dlux was spinning that night, couldn't have asked for a better DJ.. . Now the reason why I only give the place 2 stars is because of the security game killers.  My table had a personal fat security bouncer name chad, chase whatever his stupid name was and he was the biggest cock blocker of the night.  The marquee rent a cops in suits need to take a lesson from the bouncers at Surrender or Tao where they actually bring dimes to your table and not block them.  Now my bill was $3000 plus and if I'm going to spend that kind of money somewhere I want bouncers bringing me ladies and not throwing them out of my table. Now I been to a lot of clubs with service in Vegas this by far is the most unpleasant one because of 1 stupid bouncer.. . The main reason why I'll probably go back here is because of the ratio. More girls than dudes is always a plus.
8 friends and I went to the Marquee and we paid the $$$ for a VIP table and bottle service.  The club is VERY NICE!  But, the two stars are due to the service of the bouncers and securtiy.  What a joke!  Our VIP area was being used to walk through and some drunk was hitting on my wife, and another tried to help himself to our bottles!!  When we brought it to the attention of security he shrugged his shoulders and stated "I can't do anything about it".  WOW...  After having the second drink spilled on me by people using our VIP lounge as a sidewalk.  I about lost it and I guess the sqeaky wheel gets the grease.  Players from the Dallas Cowboys were in the VIP area with us and were TOTAL SNOBS!!  There were several Pro basketball Players there too and were no different than the Cowboys.    . . I will never go there again.  I'm sad to say, it's a very nice club, but the security is a joke.
My girlfriends and I went to Marquee our first night in Vegas.  We had heard lots of great things about the club and had heard it was the place to be.  We were on a VIP list so we only had to wait about 15 minutes, and of course no cover charge.  Once we were through the doors we had to climb more stairs than I could ever count.  And not a nice fancy staircase, but an emergency exit white metal grate stairwell.  When we made it into the club we went straight to the first bar we saw.  We were served drinks fairly quickly at the first bar, but the second bar took us over 10 minutes to be served and we walked right up to the bar.  This club was dark, had zero character (there was so much "fog" that we couldn't even tell if the walls were painted, everything looked gray).  The dance floors were extremely crowded and we were pushed around more than anything.  I felt like I was back in my punk show days moshing in the pit - not fun in a dress and heels.  The music was just ok, and it was very difficult to get between floors to find better music.  We spent our second night at Haze and I had a 100% better time there.  I would recommend you skip Marquee and go straight to Haze
Here's the deal about this club: . . Ive been to vegas numerous times, just for the party scene. I expect places to be crowded and for the crowds to be mixed. Yes, this club is absolutely gorgeous but the crowd...not so much. With in minutes of getting into a club, I am asked right away to sit down at a table and have drinks. At marquee, the bounces kept trying to sit us down with these old men or guys skinnier then I am. We were over it really quickly and ended up leaving within 2 5 minutes (which Ive never done at a Vegas club). . . And for the stairs, when I read the previous reviews, I though "meh, how bad can it be?" Expect to walk up about 8 flights of stairs in a stairway that if I was alone, would not go into. . . This club is so new and luxuriously decorated, that everyone wants to go, and I mean EVERYONE. I just wish someone had mentioned this to me before I spent my time and put on heels for this club.
In theory, this club is very appealing. Apparently, it's coined as the "biggest nightclub in North America," or so said the promoter we spoke to, though he could very well have been lying up his @$$. There are various rooms that are designed differently and play varying styles of music. However, you're not allowed to take the elevator because the big security guys in suits and shades forbid you to. Therefore, everyone's required to haul their drunk @$$ up and down the stairs which makes for a bad combo. Also, since the club is so big, it seems quite empty and the crowds don't even show up until fairly late into the night. With all the rooms they have, my friends and I could not succeed in finding an appealing room to stay at. The "library" had a unique setup but the crowd just wasn't happening. The main dance floor had the biggest crowd but also played difficult-to-dance-to Euro-trance/house music. After bouncing from room to room, we finally settled in a mid-sized room with a few hot dancers that started playing pop and hip hop. . . The one good thing about this club is the cityscape night view from the top floor/balcony. Makes for good pictures. :-) Overall, it was a decent night with good clean fun, though the best part was passing by the baller chandeliers hanging outside the club and chowing down food afterwards.
I don't know why this is the "hottest club" in Vegas. I guess the only reason why is because it the newest one. Once the hype dies down, it won't be anymore.. . The place feels like a maze. People must get lost in there all the time and phone reception sucks. They have multiple dance floors with different DJs and some are indoors and some are outdoors. I personally liked the hip-hop dance floor but it was in the crappiest place. It was on one of the lower floors, really crowded, and it was HOT in there like they had no A/C. Even though this place was enormous, it didn't feel like a big club. It was more like a few small clubs connected together by hallways and stairs. . . My favorite Vegas clubs are still at Wynn and Encore. XS is at the top of the list.
Does this look like a luxury Vegas nightclub or the scarce-used exit of a run-down medical building? http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WUq8HJHIZU4uteB154XN7w?select=JvT5VYkd_3HHLnrljGKv7w. . I'm not big on clubs in general, but when in Vegas, I like to do my hair, put on a short dress, and go dance until my quads give out.  My first night of this same trip, I had a great time at XS - I'm not just an old lady grumbling about clubs.. . I am grumbling that this particular club, due to its status as Vegas's newest, is an unenjoyable clusterfuck, with people packed like rats onto strangely small dance floors.  We tried to maneuver our way onto the floor in the only area playing hip hop, and we couldn't even get our elbows in.  Elsewhere, the music was bad and weird, with lots of irritating house and techno.. . The best parts of the club were the outdoor areas, and Marquee gets that extra star because I liked the pool and the surrounding tables.  Of course, after a certain hour, you need to sign over your firstborn before you get to use a table, but I suppose if you're not too attached to your DNA the space is nice.  The outdoor areas arealso fairly breathable, and some of the views are wonderful.  It was a cold night when I went, so I suppose I didn't get to enjoy these things thoroughly.  I also didn't really mind a random balcony we found, where we were able to take off our shoes and observe the dance floor.  But it wasn't glamorous, and it wasn't really part of the designated club experience.  . . Probably also not a part of that experience?  Those ridiculous bleacher stairs.  Marquee is huge, like several stories high, and the night we went, the elevators were down.  From what I understand, even when they're operable, it's sometimes better to take the stairs.  To which I respond - what?  Then why does the stairwell look like the kind of shady back-of-the-building place where a girl in high heels might be murdered?  And more relevant to most - why am I expected to take these stairs in five inch heels, so that I almost eat shit by skidding off a step in front of the people in Marquee, who number in the thousands?. . Anyway, if you must check out the hottest new club in Vegas blah blah blah, go for it.  If you're a girl, you're still best off if you know someone, and if that someone likes you, you can get in free.  If you're a boy, that same someone will still charge you $45.  We had no hassle getting in, which makes it even more amazing that I didn't have the time of my life.  (I also spent $0 inside, having pre-gamed in the hotel room and at dinner.)  We went early, and if you are inclined to check this place out, do show up as soon as you can.  Get a stamp and go to dinner if you have to - they won't guarantee your reentry, but it worked fine for us.. . While I won't be surprised if I find myself back here, I can say with confidence that it will not be my choice.  Marquee's infestation of people and parking lot stairs really turned me off, and I will have to be plied with vodka before I'm willing to return.  I suppose in Vegas, though, that can easily be arranged.
This is for the Dayclub and nightclub-. Dayclub-  Friday as hotel guests were told we get in free, when I showed up they wanted to charge $20 each, there was no line at all and the place looked dead, I only stopped by because a friend was working and was going to say hi. I never went in and just left. Saturday we were walked in and after being ID'd and going up the elevators we had to wait in yet another line to be searched and let in, it just seemed disorganized. (everyone was looking around the with WTF looks on their faces) When we get up to the pool deck there is almost Nowhere to sit/stand.....there were so many daybeds and loungers empty for rent you could barely walk around. I'm all for selling out your daybeds and such, but when your guests are almost falling in the pool to more from point a to point b there is a problem. At WET you have room by the pool to sit on the edge, lay out a towel in some areas, etc...here the daybeds go all the way to the pool edge all around the pool, you can lay a towel behind a daybed, but in the walkway by the bar....I'd recommend taking out a few loungers so your guests can move. We stayed about 10 minutes and went down to the boulevard pool in the hotel (this would be a MUCH better set up for a pool party). . Nightclub- We went on a Saturday night around 11:30-12:30 with a big name DJ playing....the line wrapped all the way around the club into the hotel walk way (over by the tall shoe installations), must have been a few thousand in line...we had a about 8 girls and 3 guys and were able to walk right in as hotel guests. When we get up the club is SUPER dark, more so than usual, the place is like a maze with all the different rooms and unless you have a table you really can lose your friends. It was also packed to the point it was hard to walk around. Our plan was to get early and get our stamps so we could come back in later through the readmission door. (some girls had to finish getting ready, and we wanted to go back to the room for a few drinks) To our surprise the exit and readmission is down these crazy back utility stairs almost 5 flights down! So all the girls in 5" heels and mini dresses were walking up and down the stairs just to leave/return....really ruins the ambiance of the club when you have to leave out of a back fire escape. Again I think this is due to the disorganization of management....club seemed like it would be ok with a comped table with friends, but if I have to walk down the stairs again to leave...no thanks!
I should have listened to everyone who told me to go to XS. I came to marquee for my birthday & it had to be the worst night I've ever had. The entire staff was rude, except the shot girls. They were too damn strict, its a club, let people have some fun & they stopped letting people on the dance floor, so if you left your friends there to go to the bathroom don't expect to go back to them. I decided to go to surrender the following Wednesday and had the best night. No matter what others club I've gone to, surrender has always topped them & their drinks are $13 at surrender & $20 at marquee. So take my advice, save your time & money & go to wynn/encore. Marquee is overrated!!! I will never go back there!
Overrated. I came during Memorial Day weekend so maybe my experience isn't typical but it still doesn't make it any better.. . 1. The line was unbearable, we were in line for 2 hours. And if you are a woman beware, security was watching people and telling them to put their heels back on if they were off. I don't expect for bouncers to be friendly but this was unreasonable for half of the girls there who feet were barking before they even got in the door. Ladies bring an extra pair of shoes to make the night bearable.. . 2. The cover was $50 for women and $100 for men. Maybe this isn't the norm but for my experience that was crap regardless of them not closing until 6.. . 3. Drink prices are ridiculous! The drinks were watered down and small with a $14 price tag.. . 4. The DJ was very unprofessional in the hip-hop room. I'm not expecting DJs to have the ethics of a saint but letting your friends crowd around you and screw up with the music of an already overpriced club doesn't make me happy. And they played the same songs over, and over, and over again.. . I will not put myself through the torment of Marquee again!
Stairs are a joke: Walking the stairs is fine.  Walking behind some slow moving drunk girls is not.  Especially when the hallway is so narrow and they look like they're learning to walk in heels for the first time.  It seemed like all the smart girls brought extra flip flops with them in their purses.. . Crowd is a joke: It's only been open for 6 months, but it already looks like AZN night at a club in Hollywood (see Saturdays at Exchange LA).  The crowd is NOT good looking.  I'm not the handsomest devil myself, but when you're in Vegas and you put a little effort into how you look, you can get a pass.  Half the people looked like they weren't even trying. . . Music and venue were pretty awesome, but let's face it.  When you're in Vegas, you're looking for a good vibing good looking crowd, which was lacking at Marquee (though it certainly wasn't when it first opened). 1 star for the outdoor/pool patio.  Reminds me of Pure before it went to s**t.. . The architects did a great job in terms of keeping people inside and not going back to their rooms to restock on alcohol and other things, because this place is impossible to get in and out of.  . . Second shining star: Experienced a friendly staff (bouncers/doormen) for the first time at a Vegas club when not buying a table.  . . I'd go again only if my friends were dying to check it out, but never on my own accord.
I really want to rate this bar better but there were just so many disappointments with our visit. I bought tickets for our group of 4 ladies to go and see Benny Benassi in May. My sister and I have wanted to see him for years and finally, there he was, in Vegas. And hello 'female presale' that meant tickets to get in and for the show were only $20.. . We showed up and the lineup system is a mess. Large groups of people are everywhere on the casino floor and it looked like it was going to take us a year to get in. We spoke with a bouncer and said we already had tickets and he directed us up the next set of escalators to the main doors. Without asking, there would have been no instructions on where to go. Organize!. . Up we went and joined a tiny lineup around the pool area. The dayclub area is beautiful and we loved the pool and the setup and the view! So nice! Though there were groups of people lying on the daybeds, napping, which probably should have clued us in that we were in for a long night. We waited in line for about 20 minutes before someone came by and asked if we already had tickets. Again, it was a yes and we were put in a line where we were at the front. In we went!. . The outdoor bar area is huge and is full of couches and benches to hang out on. There are outdoor bars but the entire area was packed. And a double highball cost me $24. Shudder. So we moved inside and again, there was no where for us to go. Any time we stood still, a bouncer was immediately on us, telling us we couldn't stand there. The dance floor was too packed and when you went on it, you couldn't move. 1:30am rolled around and still no Benny. Just a DJ who was spinning trance shit. Exhausted from being pushed around on the dance floor and by bouncers, we left. So while the bar was beautiful, we didn't get to see the main act and they really need to work on limiting how many people are allowed entry. I understand it's Vegas, but come on.
It kind of pains me to rate a Vegas club 2 stars and I'm being a little generous here.  I did not have a good time at all.  Not because of the crowd, not because of the music or the ambiance or the price of the drinks.  All of that is negligible with enough pre-game liquor.  But no, to me, this place sucked all because of the STAIRS.. . Yes, the STAIRS.. . First of all, to even get to the club, you have to go up maybe 4 flights of escalators to make it to the club entrance.  Alright, no big deal.. . Then, you'll have to wait in line.  If you're on the ladies' guestlist, it's maybe a 10-15 minute wait.  No problem.  . . Finally get your ID checked and your wrist stamped, and then you're led into this stark white corridor featuring what looks like a torturous flight to heaven.  Yes, stairs, stairs, and stairs.  And more stairs.  These are fire escape stairs too, so imagine the clack, clack, clack.  After the FOURTH flight, I started to get a little belligerent in my 5" heels.  But we finally got there.. . First floor.  Hip hop.  Douchey, sweaty people.. . MORE STAIRS. . Second floor.  House music. The elevators were blocked off by a burly man who wouldn't let anyone use it.  I'm surprised I didn't kickhim in the nuts.  Oh yeah.  It's probably because my feet were aching from the treacherous hike in 5" heels.  Outdoor pool area was pretty cool.  Okay, it was pretty breathtaking.  But, still:. . MORE STAIRS. . Third floor.  Harry Potter-type library setting where the cocktail waitresses dressed like slutty library nerds.  It was quite awesome if you ask me.  This was worth upping this review by 1 star.. . Time to exit the club.  Guess what?  . . MORE STAIRS (?!). . We had to climb UP more stairs only to go DOWN the stairs to the exit.  Was I being punked here?!. . I realize that maybe the stair scenario isn't the case every night.  But as a lady who's used to being treated like royalty in this city - never again (okay, unless we can actually use the elevators). I did not go to Vegas to ride a Stairmaster...
The place is cool on the inside, the outdoor area is by far my favorite part of the place. But oh, the customer service is awful. It seems like every person that works there hates you, and doesn't care if you're there or not. If I was a tourist, I wouldn't care because I would think that's normal, and I would stupidly spend my money here.  But I'm not a tourist, and when I want to go out, I want to have fun, and not be treated horribly. So, I will go other places, and I won't take my friends from out of town there.
This club is overrated but Im giving 2 stars because I had a really good time. The club has absolutely no where to sit. I mean come on, I know youre there to dance and have fun, but girls wear heels and we need to sit down sometimes! like seriously wthell? And what is up with the extremely small dance floor? The security kept telling us to leave the rooftop dance floor because there were too many people. Honestly if they want people to have a fun time, they should put a limit to the number of people that can come in instead of over packing the place.. . And the BIGGEST negative about this place is the stairs! WHATTTT THEEE HECK?!!! are the freaking kidding me?! Why dont they make elevators or escalators? People have to travel up and down on stairs to even get INTO the club! UGH I was so frustrated because I was wearing heels and my feet hurt before I even got into the club! They need to seriously get some escalators or elevators.
I just don't understand.... . Why anyone would stand in line for 3 hours to listen to HOUSE MUSIC! (I hate house music! To get a better understanding of how I feel about it, peep this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5T0DiYyYkYQ). Don't worry- this review will be based solely on the club and not its music preference.. . I'm a 702 veteran, and I know that boys have it real tough in Vegas. Most of the time, I have a heart of stone and make our group of boys figure out how to get in the club themselves while us girls skip the line :) Unfortunately, this was NOT an option at Marquee. In order for boys to even be allow entry into Marquee, they were REQUIRED to have a 1:1 ratio. (Security was literally walking up to guy groups and kicking them out of line.) So our group of 20+ girls waited in line with the 16(?) boys so that they could get into the club. We waited for 3 hours. I'd say we should get mad props because we could have gone to the girls only line and gotten in right away.. . Once we got inside, the club was SOOOO PACKED. UNBELIEVABLY packed. I felt like the entire club was as packed as the floor of a NKOTBSB concert. Marquee, how are you going to make me wait 3 hours to get into a club that I can't even dance around in? HM?. . Yes, the venue is beautiful. Yes, they have a great sound system. Blah blah, Kaskade was playing.... I don't care. Alls I know is that:. 1. All venues in Vegas are beautiful. 2. I don't have to wait in line at other clubs. 3. I actually have room to dance around at other clubs. So compared to regular clubs, Marquee is decent. But compared to other Vegas clubs, it's not worth it!. . Bottom line: I'm not coming back here until the hype dies down & they start playing some T-Pain and Lloyd on the regular.
They pack way too many people in this club and the crazy thing is that you have to climb like 10 flights of stairs to go up and down the place. In the club, you literally cannot move, let alone dance. I'm sure the club is nice, but the only place I was able to breathe was on the roof. NO thanks.
Its a big beautiful venue, but with so many rooms you'd figure they'd have more variety in the music they play. When I went it was ALL house. What's the point in making separate rooms and hiring separate DJs if they all play the same genre? The library room upstairs was the only place we found that played hip hop (and that chick was legit!), but its a lounge room, no dance floor... unfortunate. I've heard they've added a hip hop room though, just haven't found it.. . We got there very early and had a decent ratio so I didn't experience any problems getting in, but I can only imagine this line sucks if you don't know someone or get there late. Typical prices: expensive cover, expensive drinks.. . The pool area looks nice, makes me wonder what the dayclub is like. But the billion flights of stairs to exit the club wasn't the best design idea. I can't think of who would want to climb down that many stairs after a night of drinking and dancing (Maybe to keep the employees entertained watching sloppy drunks or girls in heels fall on the way out?). . I'm not as fascinated with this place like everyone else in Vegas seems to be. I'd only go back if we had a connection, or if we're in line super early to avoid the hassle. And I'd keep looking for that hip hop room.
This fuckery deserves nothing more than a list of reasons why it sucks. Here goes:. . 1. Line - Girl.Please. I am not trying to stand in a line 376 people deep only to get herded into another line with even more people. Either let customers in or don't. What's the hold up? Not to mention the line gets held up once again because you get crammed into an elevator to get to the actual club area. (Clubs that require elevators deserve their own rant. Such a mess).. . 2. The "Clientele" - So-Cal college kids on spring/summer break. i.e. Girls in cheap Wet Seal freakum dresses and tired "hidden pump" heels and douchey "bros" in whatever they think makes them look rich. Basically giant groups of people who have no business pretending to be wealthy cause we all know they're staying 6 to a room at the giant cigarette known as Circus Circus.. . 3. The Stairs - This place is where they should shoot the next P90X video cause you will burn at least half of your muffin top off while trying to maneuver the chaos that is the floorplan. There are a few different dance floors, each one playing a different genre of music, which is cool. However, you have to climb up and down flights of stairs to get to each different section of the club. Drunks in heels + stairs = liability insurance nightmare. Also, traffic jams and feet being stepped on by said drunks in heels.. . 4. The Vibe - People don't come here to dance, they come here to feel cool. If you enjoy walking in circles through a club that's too small and too crowded, this is your place. People just stand around and text and there's very few places to sit or stand without being pushed or knocked in to. It's a hot mess and you're ready to leave in 20 minutes because you are bored and exhausted already. . . Being a local and a girl, I got in for free. I can't imagine paying to get into this over-hyped catastrophe.
Maybe it was a REALLY busy night but it was hot, stuffy, crowded.. . Everyone was packed like sardines inside. . Dance, Dance, get pushed by people walking through, dance dance, get pushed by people walking through, Dance, Dance, get pushed by people walking through, dance dance, get pushed by people walking through, Dance, Dance, get pushed by people walking through, dance dance, get pushed by people walking through ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL NIGHT!. . TOTALLY NOT WORTH $45
***DAYCLUB REVIEW ONLY***. . If GTL is your lifestyle...then you would fit in perfectly at the Marquee Dayclub. Just saying.. . I really love Marquee as a nightclub because the pool area looks so classy and gorgeous at night, but during the day I wouldn't be able to tell this pool apart from a frat house pool.. Me & my friends LITERALLY stayed at the dayclub for less than 30 minutes. In fact, some of the poor guys in line said to us as we were leaving "That great, huh?". . . The pool area is just too small to fit that many people. Whats the point of going to a pool party if there's so many people you can't even get into the pool?. Maybe if you had a table the experience would be better because you'd actually have a place to sit & lounge.. . Its like a really crowded public pool filled with guys. Sound like fun?
There are night clubs and there is Marquee the night club. . . A really nice lobby and stuff but this night poor execution. We have table service but it like we have to wait over an hour just to talk to the man handling reservations.  . . So yeah after that it was time to jet!
Terrible music. The guys handling the line were ridiculous and were making everyone go around, upstairs, downstairs etc. Again, the DJ was just terrible.
Hottest club in vegas! Probably too hot. Literally. The hip hop room was so packed and sweaty you can't move.
Really amazing club, but a lot of grievances with the place.  Not that I had trouble getting in but I did see the line and felt bad for some of the people standing in the thousand person+ line.  Once inside as expected it blows you away.  Easily the biggest place I've ever been to nightclub wise.  Amazing music/Dj's and dancers and environment.. . My main problem was a little with the layout of the club.  It had a walkwaywhere they had these huge bouncers (i mean of course they were big otherwise what's the point of being a bouncer right?!) standing in the middle trying to direct traffic to keep moving.  I understand the idea there but it effectivly was like taking the 405 freeway in LA and leaving only one lane open.  Traffic backs up and then everyone starts to get agitated.. . The patio was where I spent most of my night which was amazing.  Very nicely decorated and there was enough room to breath and talk with the friends I went with.. . The other problem I had which I expected was the pricing.  But as it is the newest and hottest club in vegas (and most likely on the west coast and maybe even all of north america! I duno) the drinks and everything was very expensive.  I guess people come to vegas to blow lots of cash but as a local I gotta stay on a regular daily budget.. . I'd say well worth the experience, but it is a pain getting in so maybe try somewhere else unless you have a connection to jump the line.. . Oh and I have yet to experience the dayclub but it sounds like a good time!
Where do I start? Lets cut to the chase. What the hell is the point of making a reservation if you're just forced to wait in a line and be talked to by dismissive door guys. I understand people have to be processed and you have to put on the 'show' at the door, but come on, do you have to be a douchebag about it? And being a guest in the Cosmopolitan that experience reflects poorly. Door guy asked my friend to change his stylish T. Without incident he went upstairs and changed. Door guy said he'd get us right in. We get back door guy takes us to a point and drops us off and those guys tell us to go to the end of the line. At this point, I'm done. Had my co-worker not been with me, I would have gone back downstairs and gambled til I fell out of my chair drunk. We finally get to the door and the guy asks cover charge or table? I'm thinking go F%^k yourself! We pay the cover because I want to see what the hype is about. I get in the place is ok, DJ one room is pretty kick ass I will give him that. Thank god they had table games so I could keep myself entertained.. . To summarize, the place is nice but the experience at the door killed it for me. I was hoping to go there for a bachelor party, that won't be happening.
SO MANY STAIRS.  Ladies, especially if you are in heels.. . If you are a hard core club-goer this very well might be right up your alley.  On my most recent trip to Vegas I decided I am no longer a club-goer but I prefer the lounges and bars with dance floors (such as Toby Keith Bar, Margaritaville and Cleopatra's Lounge).  As such, the stairs made it even less worth it!. . But we did do the full lap around the club.  I must say had we decided to stay in the library (on the top floor) before they hit capacity I think I might have enjoyed it.  They were playing top 40 and their full capacity is perfect, still leaving room to move around and dance.. . In my opinion, worth the stair climb for a one-time experience!
Not my kind of music to dance to, and even if space permitted, good luck trying to find some (as with all other clubs in Vegas).. . I do like that there are different areas to the club, that layout was a nice change of pace. I ended up mostly in the outside area near the pool with the so called mermaids that I never quite got a glimpse of all night. It was a hot 105 summer night when I went but that didn't deter too much from the experience.. . All in all, I think I am getting too old to pay 40+ bucks to get into a club only to stand around like I am getting ready to get packed into a sardine can. The real fun in Vegas started after we left the club.. . OVER IT!
Crowded, chaos,  lines galore, people not knowing what how to enter or which line to go to.  Girls are walking barefoot because they cannot stand to stand another minute in their stilettos.  And I am only talking about the ENTRANCE to the club.  . . We were in a bachelorette party of 13 and had reservations for a table and bottle service in the Top 40 room.  However, we had to wait in one of the many confusing lines for almost an hour!!!!!!   The staff knew we were there waiting in line, but could not accommodate us even though we had a reservation.   We waited, waited, and then found out that they could only stick our big group in the House/techno music room on a small couch that only fit 5 girls.  The rest of us had to stand.  I can't stand music that sounds the same.  do-do-do-do-do-do-do.  Boooo!  The bride was so disappointed.  . . I'm giving this two stars because I was impressed by the outdoor patio/pool section. It had a nice ambiance, but of course, we had to leave our table reservation with bottle service to get there.. . The hop-hop room was so crowded, stuffy, and sweaty.  To top it all off, there are endless stairs!. . This club is overrated!
When my friend told me that she got the hook-up to Marquee, I was ecstatic. I was thinking to myself, I am going to the hottest club in town! I am so lucky!. . Contrary, to my belief, this club is just not that. Sure, it is located in the newest casino, yes, we were able to bypass the long lines and go straight in w/o waiting. However, once we're inside the club, things went downhill.... . The flights of stairs! . I believe we had spent more time walking up and down the stairs than on the dance floor. . . The small dance space! . Couldn't even dance at all as everyone was packed in there like sardines.. . The female bartender in the hip hop room was a total b*tch!. Held up 3 fingers asking for 3 shots of Remy and broad came back with only 2. Told her that she forgot one and she told me to wait.. . We were there for a total duration of maybe an hour max and we took ourselves to Drai's.
There's no doubt in my mind that this is a pretty club with an excessive amount of pretty people. It's obviously the hottest club in vegas because it is the newest. The layout isn't really the best because it can be hard to navigate in and out of the club (esp when inebriated). The two stars is for the ambiance, good music, and awesome promoters.. . The reason for my negative experience was Lilli. Blonde bimbo bartender w/fake D cups working the bar on Saturday, Sept 18, when Kaskade was playing.  At 11:26 (I still have the receipt), I wanted a round of Henn shots for me and my 5 girls. I asked her nicely and noticed she poured up some Henn Privilege. (I ordered the same round of 6 shots from Gabrielle earlier and was charged $84). I was curious why the Priv but sometimes they run out of the regular Henn and give you the Priv. No problem. She rings me up--$102. I said "wait, I just ordered it and it was $84. Why is it 102?" With a whole bunch of attitude, she says "It's 102." Lilli didn't bother to explain that she poured up the Priv. Obviously, this felt to me like a dishonest way of overcharging her customers. . . THEN, I asked for some iced water for a drunk friend. Lilli pulls a Voss water and starts ringing it up. I said "wait, i just want tap water." She doesn't look too happy and takes it back. She starts filling two cups of water, saying "Water back." And proceeds to only provide 3 cups of coke back. After throwing down my money, I couldn't even get her attention to get coke back for the other 3 girls. . . With her poor customer service and sneaky ways to overcharge, I left quite unhappy.  Look, I'm not stupid, I know how much shots are in Vegas. I definitely know the differences between regular Henn and Henn Priv. And if you don't serve water at the bar, effing say so.  Bars should serve water to rehydrate patrons so they can sober up and drink more. BTW, if you can't even smile, be nice, and be honest, don't expect a tip. . . Management, if you're listening, you should fire Lilli. Find another blonde with fake tits who can actually leave a positive impression on your customers.
3 floors, outside pool area, tons of stairs..... . COVER:. Friend's promoter hooked my girls and I up (bachelorette party) with VIP tickets so we didn't have to pay for cover or wait in line. Otherwise I'm sure cover is the regular Vegas price of $30 and beyond...  But you know girls can get in free nowadays.   So if you can find a connection, do it because it's not worth paying cover to get in here.  Drinks are the usual $15 bucks and up for a small glass.  Cups if you're outside.. . VENUE:. Like Miss Vanessa said, this place is like a maze getting from room to room.  There's tons of stairs.  Carpeted stairs inside and these metal stairs in the back you have to walk to get to the floors.  Um who designed this place?  Lawsuit and disaster waiting to happen,  I was just waiting for some wasted chick in her 20 inch stilettos to roll down the stairs and eat it.  Actually it would be like 10 girls since they were all holding each other walking down haha  I wish I took a picture!  Anyways, security let us use the elevators at the end of the night heading out....thank gawd.  I will admit the ambiance and decor is beautiful.. . ***Top Floor:  lounge area with pool tables.   Didn't get a chance to go up here.. ***Middle Floor:  Ok sized dance floor and a patio that opens to a small pool with swimming mermaids.  A bunch of VIP areas but not a lot of "free" seats.  Got stuck here since the bottom floor was so packed.  A**hole security kept telling me and my girls to stop leaning on the VIP chairs when it's so obvious other people were.  Also told us if we blew up one more condom we'd be kicked out.  First none of us were blowing up the condoms on our necklaces, it was the random guys who were grabbing it from us.......this is where I pull out the racist card.  Music was house/trance all night....dislike.. ***Bottom floor:  Tiny room playing hip hop beats.  Wanted to stay here bc of the music but the place is so small you're jammed up against all these bodies and can't move anywhere.  Sweat and smells everywhere. This is where fellas get their free grabs.  Dislike. . Pain in the butt finding the bathrooms and I wasn't even drunk yet.  Dislike.. . ATTIRE:. Dressy of course!. . If I had to pick the new IT club, I'd go with XS because the layout and music is much better.  Plus their security needs to get off his high horse.  Give me a break loser.
The club was alright, but I have a serious problem with the servers helping themselves to a 40 percent tip on the bottle service.  Use CAUTION when signing for anything as the servers cannot be trusted.
Waiting in line for 2 hours on the guestlist on a monday night is epic fail.  I am dumb.
If you are in Vegas to have a great time, then skip The Marquee Club and head out to one of the other "upscale" clubs.  If you are in Vegas to satisfy some checklist of stuff that you saw on the travel channel or celebrity gossip, then your purpose is obviously different, so proceed...but ye be warned.  Personally, I went in with no expectations but still came out utterly disappointed. . . Pros:. Packed with people. Excellent bottle/table service. Multiple dance floors with different music genres. Great view of the Strip. . Cons:. Packed with people. Rude bouncers, door people/security, and management. Very long lines for everything. . I went to The Marquee Club without knowing a thing about it.  We had VIP table reservations, so I figured everything was goingto run smoothly, until we got to the Club.  There were nearly 500-600 people waiting in one line and another 300 waiting in another - I thought it was because we were early and the doors weren't open, but it was actually because the Club was already full.  The longer line was for people without table reservations: they let you in when space opens up (slim chance) as "standing room only" for a hundred dollars cover.  The shorter line was for people with table reservations: they have limited number of tables so you have to wait until one opens up, but at least you're guaranteed to get in. . . The club was packed with people - sardine can tight.  It was impossible to find a place to dance on the dance floors, let alone walk through them, and a lot of people ended up dancing in walkways, near the fences, and other odd areas where they could find enough space to move around.  Some people danced near a chain link fence without even getting a sniff of the dance floors.  By the way, there is no place to sit if you don't get a table, and drinks are expensive.  Only when I'm on vacation will I think that spending four thousand dollars on a bunch of bottles is justified - just to have the convenience of couches and an area to dance.. . The best part about the Club was the young lady responsible for taking care of our table.  She poured our drinks, got new chasers for us, flirted with the guys, took a picture with me, was completely pleasant, and looked like a model.  She more than earned her thousand dollar tip because her customer service skills were off the chart.  . . The worst part about the Club, aside from it being completely packed, was the attitude and actions of the door people, bouncers/security, and management.  Considering the amount of money people pay and the expectations they have, you cannot hire thugs with no regard for customer service.  These guys wear suits, but they are little more than bullies on the Club's payroll.  In all my experiences, I have never dealt with a staff that was so rude and blatantly disrespectful to paying customers.  The bartenders are too busy running around getting drinks to even offer a smile... a shame considering the cost of a drink.. . I'll list some of my random observations.  There were about 2-3 times as many guys as women.  Most of the people drank before entering the club to save money and hardly any of the guys were trying to buy drinks for the ladies.  Ladies who came in a group, danced in their own group.  There were a lot of guys just dancing by themselves or sneaking up on unsuspecting ladies.  There was nothing "upscale" about the clientele or the club, but you do have a very nice view of the Strip.  The really attractive ladies ignored everyone and sort of walked through the place trying to be seen.  I stuffed bills into a girl's thong after she flashed me and gave me a little dance.  Women relieved themselves in odd corners because of the lines to the restroom.  There are more posers than actual "ballers" but most of the ladies can't tell the difference.. . There was an incident on our exit.  One of the bouncers grabbed a guy in our group and called management on him.  They said that he had to be detained because he was too drunk.  We tried to tell him that we were on our way out, but he refused to listen to us.  Without telling us a thing, they grab him and take him to a backroom.  When the women in our group started asking questions about our friend, their guys actually threatened us and challenged us to fights.  So that you understand, our group was composed of managers on a little team building vacation, not young thugs.  After 10-15 minutes, they report that our friend was too drunk and that we were all being kicked out of the Club.  . . You're only in Vegas for a handful of days, so go to a club where you won't waste your time in lines or have to deal with a less than professional staff.  You will find the same crowd and overpriced drinks at the other upscale clubs but with less fuss and hassle.  If you're ideal club experience involves a sea of posers and the pretentious, then go right ahead.  It really isn't my ideal club environment/vibe, but I have to admit, you will see some crazy stuff at The Marquee Club.
Yea so I've come back multiple times now.. The lines have gotten a little better.. General admission & VIP / table service on the main level of the club, guestlist and presale tickets on the 3rd floor.. . Still don't really like Marquee though. . . Trying to dance inside is Mission Impossible and the outdoor area has no real dance space. Even while sober, this place is a maze of a headache.
Great club size, except I gave it a low rating because for the size of this place, the Hip-hop room is too small.  I'm surprised considering how large everything else is.  This place gets way too packed and then you can't go anywhere.   I was here for Halloween.    If you don't get there early or staying at the Cosmopolitan, only other way of getting in is to buy bottle$$$.
Beautiful, huge nightclub with 3 rooms and a day club pool area, main room is huge, they play Trance and Techno music, big booth tables are around the dance floor, small tables are all over this room. Another small room is very small, booth tables around the dance floor, they play hip hop and top 40. Another library lounge with pool tables, we never found it. so I really don't know how it was, blame my 6 inches heels and this huge nightclub with ridiculous stairs at back entrance and the only way exit on Friday and Saturday nights. WTH??? Day club pool area with cabana bottle service, they play Trance too.  There are absolutely NO place to sit unless you have table reservations.. . Thursday night is slow, only one line, but don't sweat on it, there is not so many people, line goes fast. Free for ladies, $20 for guys. Take elevator up, but they only open that one level small hip hop and top 40 room, a small patio for smoking, a main bar and small dance floor, no seats unless you order bottles, not worth that $20 bucks, but bartenders were very friendly, and all the securities too. we left after 15 minutes, another elevator down exit on first level. One single drink is around $16.. . Friday and Saturday nights, here the crazy begins... 3 lines at main entrance on second floor, very short line for hotel guests, not too short line for table reservation, super long line for general admission, all the lines go to one small ticket window and one elevator. the result? there is no such thing as NO wait in line getting in Marquee nightclub! the table reservation line is even longer than most of the nightclubs at other hotels! hotel guests have the shortest line and the securities are very nice they let hotels guests in as soon as they can. . . 2 lines at third floor back entrance, 1 is front line pass ticket holders, 1 is for reentry. the ticket holders line is not too bad, they get in faster, but the painful thing is they have to climb up 3 levels of hard stairs to get into the nightclub, same thing for reentry people. Girls I don't have to tell you how much your feet will hurt...... . Once you are in the nightclub, amazing decorations, amazing sound systems, amazing DJS, amazing day club pool area, amazing looking people, and extremely extremely a million times extremely crowded! NO place to sit and dance, No rooms for everybody, people who had table booth around dance floor were dancing on their tables and seats, because there was NO room on dance floor!. . We climbed up 3 levels, walked around 15 minutes, didn't even dare to get a drink from the bars, and we left. . . We got stamps at the ticket window, it was free for hotel guests before 12, we got in very fast though. The key is to get there as early as possible, no later than 10:30, after that, it doesn't matter if you stay at the hotel or have table reservations, all the people go to ONE small elevator to go up to the nightclub. Imagine a nightclub is more than 62,000 sf, all the people within capacity go to ONE elevator  to get in the nightclub? LINES LINES LINES! . . $500 a bottle, small tables sell faster, only big tables with $1500 minimum left for add on tables. $30 for guys, $20 for ladies on most weekend nights. . . I would just order bottles if I wanted to stay at Marquee nightclub for a whole night, but still need to get there as early as you can for good tables, that's the only way do it! minus the horrible exit stairs still... otherwise, forget about it on Friday and Saturday nights. . . I would never wait in line for 2 hours to get into a nightclub with no seats and no room to dance!
The people at the door think they are the shit..but in reality they are useless and not as important as they think they are. . . Your only getting 2 stars cause of the decor. im done.
Marquee really...SEVERAL flights of stairs...no elevator?  I'm not a fan.  Place is nice inside but I'm not a fan of walking up and down 7 flights of stairs after I've been drinking...Liability somebody!  Only giving it 2 stars because the hip/hop room was nice.  Never made it to the other rooms because my thighs were burning from walking up the stairs in a fitted mini dress and 5 inch heels!  Not a fan.    Had a way better time a Tryst.
Marquee, y u so pretentious?!
I hate this place. I absolutely abhor this place.. . Dayclub:. -Food is good, expensive of course. Brought out promptly.. -Service is decent.. -Drinks are good.. -There's a girl bartender in the back bar that is incredibly slow. Wouldn't recommend getting drinks from the back.. -Pool is disgusting. Oh cool, clear blocks for chicks to dance on. Wonderful addition, Marquee, maybe you guys should try cleaning the pool because it's always the color of pale white.. -People are hot. Although recently, there have been way too many Asians.. -Music is good though. . -Size of the club is tiny.. -Elevators are nice.. . Nightclub:. OMASL;KFJL;ZJXCVLKJ THE NIGHT CLUB IS THE WORST THING EVER.. . Dear architect of Marquee, building a club that's 3 levels = worst idea ever. Oh, you think you're so clever & unique for coming up with such a fresh design, huh? This is completely absurd. What they should've done was either make these 3 levels 3 completely separate clubs, or just had one club on one floor completely.. . Marquee is a very "trendy" club these days so everyone crowds to get in. Even if the DJ that's spinning is a nobody, it's still crowded, which means the elevators are blocked off (WTF MARQUEE, SERIOUSLY.) & you're all forced to use the stairs.. . These stairs are not nice carpeted stairs, no, these are straight-up, "in-case of fire emergency, use the stairs" stairs. Industrial metal stairs. How tacky is it to force your club-goers to walk up 5+ flights of stairs to their destination while most of them are intoxicated & in heels? Yeahhhh brilliant. Up & down the stairs, no access to the elevators.. . The main floor isn't that big. The dance floor isn't that big, it's kind of awkwardly situated, the hip-hop room blows (hello high school prom music!!), & that other floor is unremarkable. . . Their drinks suck. Had the worst tasting AMF here ever. Come on, night shift, let's go.. . Highlight of Marquee happens to be the mermaids that swim in the pool. I only feel sorry for them because they're stuck swimming in that nasty thing.. . Hate this club, hate it hate it hate it. I avidly protest this club every time I'm in Vegas. It's just not worth it.
Amazing nightclub that everyone wants to be at to the point where you fill like a sardine packed into a can. Drinks are ridiculously expensive and it takes a hour just to get to the bartender. I do have to say that it's a beautiful venue that has multiple levels, but not the best if you just want to go and dance without worrying about being shoved, pushed, or getting into a fight with the girl in front of you.
I would give it three stars for being just average but because it is so ridiculously overpriced I had to step it down to 2 stars. . . The night we went there was a special event and I had even for once gotten presale tickets for $40 instead of the $70 dollars they charged at the door for girls and guys. We got in without any problem (4 girls and 3 guys) and once inside it was just ok until I found out they charged $20 for my whiskey which usually costs me $13 at other clubs.. . All in all, its not a bad club but its an overpriced average club. We went to XS the next night which was a lot more fun! Decorated much nicer, people were fun, DJ was great and drinks were just normally overpriced (14 for mine). Oh and the doormen were really chill and told us that ifwe don't like it inside they will refund our $30 entrance if we leave withing the first hour.
i went there on new years eve. We arrived at the club around 10:15 to pick up the tickets. We got into the club at 11:30. so people that got there at 11 rung in the new years waiting in line. The bouncers were on power trips. Everyone got so sloppy drunk.
YAY CLUB WHORING DAYS ARE BACK!. . Marquee is probably one of the more popular clubs on the Strip. Yes, it's gorgeous and lush and all things Vegas, but I was really surprised by how horribly it was designed. This quickly diluted my enjoyment of what is otherwise a beautiful club. . . #1. The line outside the door is long, and yes, it's long because there's a freaking mob inside, but also because to gain entry, you must enter an elevator to get to the upper floors leading to the club. What genius decided this?? Someone who surely loves to make everyone and his momma wait. . . #2. The bathrooms, the way to the bathrooms, the total nonexistent signs leading to the bathroom were horrid.  Hey, if I was a club-designer who didn't want the lovely floors to get puked/peed on, what would I do? Not what Marquee did, and that is make the restrooms completely invisible from the dance floor. No signs, no prominent entryway, no nothing. Just a darkened corridor that leads to a hallway (where the wind blew in and toppled you over nonetheless) with weird art. Once inside the bathroom, you're crammed inside, until some loud bathroom attendant literally orders you to a stall. I was sitting there, peeing, thinking the attendant would yell at me to stop peeing and get out! . . Also, some support for my argument - someone puked on the floors and we had to take a detour. . . #3.  The long haul back to exit the club. It was a looong trip to exit the club. You have to take around 3 flights of stairs through the ugliest part of the club. This is probably the worst for women in heels. And yet, if they can provide an elevator UP to the club, why not provide it down, when people are inebriated and tired? . . Marquee makes you work for your fun - which is not fun!!!!!! Though, I still had fun because it's Vegas, but really.....wth!
Packed like a sardine can. Difficult to move around = difficult to have fun.. . Contact a promoter (via facebook or twitter or texting) and they'll get you with ladies (free) and guys ($45 cover), contingent that you have a guy-girl ratio greater than one. Line is long so be sure you plan accordingly.. . But once inside Marquee, the world comes crashing down. It was a super windy night we went, so you couldn't go outside since it was blistering cold (and it really was) so everyone was jammed inside. . . I would've much preferred to go to a less crowded club and had some real fun.. . My friend yacked, and they kicked us out, but it was kinda nice actually since they helped clear the way for us to leave, and the bouncers had the decency to walk us back up to our room in Cosmo. Great service in that regard.
Overrated mainstream house club with recycled DJ's. Come here if you like to be seen and jumping on the bandwagon. This place really has no decor and is really plain and dull which surprised me since it's inside the bedazzled Cosmopolitan. Nothing but bitchy douche bags in this place. Also, to re-enter this club you need to climb four/five flights of stairs so keep that in mind.. . Came here for Kaskade NYE 2012 with complimentary tickets. I would not pay for this club.
Overly crowded club, we paid $50 to get in per person and we were not allowed on the dance floor because it was to crowded. So refund us please!! I'll go to somewhere else next time I'm in Vegas.
I'm not a club person but with family in town we decided to check this place out. Entry for our party of four was comped, although we had to tip the guy at the door. We entered at the third floor entrance and proceeded to walk up several flights of stairs. People aren't kidding when they say it's a long walk. We were following some... bigger folk... who had to take a few breaks to catch their breath. No joke.. . Once in the main part of the club, it was packed. Wall to wall people looking to get their dance on, but trapped like lab rats in some cruel experiment. The hip hop room was equally packed. Maybe I'm just too old, but it's no fun when you can't move an inch without some random dude grinding up against you.. . Seriously, if you don't get a table this place blows. Shell out the cash to get a table and over-priced bottles so you have a place to sit, dance, hang out, whatever.
With killer DJs, a sexy atmosphere, funny, friendly doormen and a positive vibe, you would think I'd be giving the Marquee a stellar review. Although these things are very important in a good nightclub, here's what made my recent visit to the Marquee a two-star experience:. . 1. The feeling of constantly being herded like cattle. Ladies and gents, be warned. If you're not signing up to drop several bills on bottle service, your options of where you're "allowed" to be drop significantly. I was at the club with four other girls celebrating my friend's upcoming wedding, and it seemed like if we weren't in line to buy drinks or in the main dance pit, we couldn't be anywhere else. At one point, three of us were on the second floor on a balcony overlooking the main DJ area. A few minutes later, I felt a tap on my shoulder and much to my surprise there was one of the staff members shining his little flashlight on the floor directing us to leave. Really? Why? It's not like we were intruding on a VIP area or blocking a walkway. Being the pacifist that I am, I complied, but I have to admit I was very confused. An hour later, we were invited to someone's bottle-service table, and even though we were within the seating area and not at all in the walkway, a staffer was telling us that we had to move in even further. Very weird, and although I understand in a place as packed as the Marquee they need to be strict with safety measures, it felt excessive.. . 2. Drink prices. A few of the gals in our group decided to buy rounds of drinks for us, and for five, non-top-shelf drinks the bill was $70. REALLY? The only other place I've been with drinks that expensive is the Ministry of Sound in London, and the Marquee is nowhere as iconic as that. Ladies and gents, do yourselves a favour and get your pre-drink on.. . 3. The layout. Given that at least half of the guests at the Marquee are ladies wearing (oftentimes) uncomfortable heels, I found the amount of stairs and slippery, sloped floors surprising. When it came time to leave, we had to make an epic trek down what looked to be an industrial staircase. Although my lady friends and I aren't sloppy drunks and therefore had no issues, it was painful for me to watch all the young ladies try to make their way downstairs in their sky-high heels on wobbly legs.. . 4. The available dance space. I'll admit -I love to bust a move when a good tune comes on, but given the limited areas in which you're allowed to stand and dance, the only dancing I could do was an awkward jiggle which I now call the "sausage dance" -because you feel like a sausage trapped in its casing.. . Overall, am I glad that I came to the Marquee? Yes, it was certainly an experience, but considering that I was part of a group of five intelligent, confident and beautiful ladies in their late-twenties, it felt strange to have our "fun" dictated to us. The crowd was filled with young, just-turned-21 year olds all hooched up and getting sauced, which didn't bother me as it was what I expected -as should you.
Too many stairs!  I can't believe they make girls in tight skirts and high heels walk up and down the fire escape stairs.   So dangerous.. . Huge club with three stories.  Hip hop floor was not big enough.  The electronica main stage was like a rave and not in a good way.
The decor was really nice and the music was amazing. But I have to say the bouncers there are terrible. A friend in my group got kicked out for swaying a little to sit down to text someone he couldn't find in our group. After that 5 bouncers swarmed him and he was sent down the stairs into a taxi. He wasn't harassing or causing a scene. It's a vegas nightclub!!!
Meh indeed, I've seen better. First of all - 7 flights of stairs?!?!?! Are you f*&king kidding me?? What kinda shoes do you think girls wear out in Vegas, hiking boots?? No, they wear ridiculous 5" heels and then have to tromp up and down 7 flights of stairs to enter and exit theclub because you don't let us use the elevator. That needs to change. Inside is fine, maybe it was just a weird crowd when we were there but it just didn't seem like it was going to be a fun night there. . . So we took our bachelorette party elsewhere, to Chateau Gardens where we were comped 2 bottles, and good thing we did because we ended up having an awesome, epic night at Paris!
I don't see how you can hate from outside of the club. You can't even get in...........Hahaha, leggo. . This club is seriously packed to the BRIM!!! . so if you cant even get inside the club, then dont hate! . long long long long long long long long long long long LINESSSSSSSSSS. ugh... did i mention long lines. . . The thing i love about vegas is vegas reality. Bit@h you a no body!. VIP who? yeah dude.. . VIP line is also a long line wait. Theres one thing marquee needs to . learn how to do is learn how to present a club better from the outside. . I will never go back again soley based on the fact of disorganization. . . .......................THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE LADIES!!!.................................... . Ladies... you know how you read all the reviews about all the stairs... Other reviews dont give you the low down on exactly what alot. of stairs entail.. . THE STAIRS........... 40 story building the elevators are broken cause their is an evacuation . in progress. please proceed to the stairs to exit the building. . So... imagine the stair way going down to escape a building except youre . going up the stairs to go to the club... NOT THE BUSINESS.... so now after that explaination you will be prepared for the marquee stairs . . . Tip: Ladies if you got a promoter. Do what your promoter says.        he is your life line to get inside of the club quickly. . . im a lady, and preferred to be treated like a lady, so i'll go to the club . that treats up like  a VIP with no wait for ladies. PASS!!
Extremely disappointed! Got a table and spent about $2k and I guess that's still not enough for decent treatment. I often get bottle service during my Vegas trips and typically know what to expect. I look forward to getting escorted to the bathroom, having personal security detail to get the drunkards away, and a personal host/hostess to make sure our drinks are taken care of and NONE of that happened; in fact, it was the complete opposite. I was quite surprised that the staff were not as attentive as they should be. I found myself having to look for someone to help me with something. . . The venue itself is pretty cool. I wasn't overly excited about it...just typical Vegas. We were given a table at the "Boom Box Room" (Hip Hop) and so we ventured off for a little bit and found that you have to climb multiple stories of stairs to navigate yourself around the establishment. I think I tripped a couple of times in my 5" heels. I'm sure I'm not the only one that was upset about the stairs. . . Some good things about our night: We took our bottles to-go! I've never had that option before when I get a table, and I really think we just got lucky cause I don't think that it's routine. My only rockstar moment was walking out and through the hotel/casino with bottles in hand. And I also enjoyed the music. I know that House is mainstream, but I like to dance to Hip Hop and so I was really feeling the DJ (I did notice though that they played a single song like 5-7 times). . . I guess the reason for my 2-star rating is because I really feel that I've experienced better. I don't see myself coming back to this place by choice. I was talking to a friend the day after my visit to Marquee and he said that he feels that this place is overrated and I couldn't think of a better description.
I once gave this place 4 stars. But with two occasions where my friends or I have been disrespected by the security is RIDICULOUS.. . First time, I was taunted by someone who worked there themselves. But that was easily forgiven. Second time was the last straw, a friend of mine was pulled to the side and told to give up her ID. I butted in and asked why, I'll provide privacy for the security individual but he said, " She is clearly intoxicated and stumbling." Which was a totally bogus reason. I asked the other security guards and had no idea either. The crowd I roll with never ever causes troubles, and usually buys a good amount of drinks providing business. But Marquee, you sure did mess up, and have lost a huge amount of customers. I suggest you review your security team, and stop getting muscle heads who have too much protein in their brains.. . Moving forward from my rant, the facilities here are good. It is clean and there are bars EVERYWHERE. There are different "rooms" here and it is nice to step into another area and have a different genre of music and a different crowd of people.. . Lastly what gives marquee such a low rating in my book is their poor poor layout. Seriously? Stairs? I know the ladies will have a hard time after a night of drunken dancing, safely walking down the stairs. Someone is bound to get hurt and probably sue.. . I had a great time here at Marquee, but unfortunately, I am always weary when it comes to their security.
I always wondered about this club and was excited to get tickets to see Kaskade for the second time here on St. Paddy's Day.  My cousin saw Kaskade here during his crazy set on NYE, he warned me to get bottle service next to the dance floor to make the best of the show, but I figured we could all just eventually get on the dance floor like other clubs, but boy was I freakin' wrong!. . First off, we got there around 1030 and got in right away, but the dance floor on the main floor was already ridiculously crowded and wouldn't let people into it already.  You can't stand around anywhere around the border of the main dance floor because all you can do is keep walking.  Outside of those walkways you can't really enjoy anywhere else inside because it isn't the dance floor and the main attraction effects don't even reach that area.  Basically, if you aren't set up for bottle service surrounding the dance floor your night is pretty much shot (unless you like standing around outside just listening to the music and watching the screen of the POV camera set up right behind the DJ). . The crowd that was there that night clearly didn't really know who they were listneing to because most of them seemed to be ignoring the music, and the few that did know the tracks being played or who the main DJ was for the night were outnumbered the vast amount that was just there for the scene.  What was hilarious was the amount of people who would run into our group looking for drugs or asked if we were looking to buy one of the escort girls they were pimpin' out to the random folks in the crowd.  Honestly, that was where I seriously found myself really close to walking out.  If it wasn't for the fact that I really enjoyed Kaskade's set, regardless of where I was standing at any given point of the night (since we were told to consistently keep moving). . The club is separated into three areas, a tiny ass Hip Hop room and a random spot called The Library, which I have no clue what its main purpose is.  Those other spots could be used in a different way since I feel that most people are on the main floor regardless.  Oh, and beware of all the stairs that you have to climb to get to the main club, and other floors.  It's going to be a journey!  However, the stairs are a great test of sobriety for those leaving the club at 4am.  I bet there are tons of photos and experiences of folks falling down them.. . It really would take me a ridiculous amount of convincing to come back here and try this place out again, and the only way that would happen is if our squad gets bottle service that night.   However, I definitely would try this spot out as a DayClub, I'm assuming the experiences are different.  However, as a nightclub, this place is freakin' bananas.  The bouncers here I give props to, since they definitely doing their best to do what has to be done amongst all the craziness, but I feel that some of their work can be cut down by letting people go in N out of the dance floor.  Closing the dance floor does not help with the capacity on the floor.  I can easily see someone getting trampled if an emergency just happened to occur (which i hope never does).  . . Like I said, I'm down to go back and try this place out with no reservations in the daytime, but at night, its gonna take some convincing.  Until then, the nightclub gets the ending my cousin gave it at the end of the night, "This Club is Whack!"
It's ok. $50 for guys/ $20 for women. Dance floor? Where? Crowded and you can't walk thru it. Not much to review. House music was fine.Drinks will run you $15 a piece. You can do better all the way around on the strip. This place kindof tourist trap.
Went back here on 3/24 and i'm sad to report that they are Waaaayyyyy overselling this club.  The place was ridiculously packed and I won't be taking groups of people here anymore.  I'm sad about it because the DJ lineup is great and the space is amazing.. . It's crowded to the point of where I was concerned for our safety in there.  When we finally made it to the dance floor you literally couldn't move and people were getting shoved around and no one was even shoving.  It was simply just way too crowded.. No one was having a good time in our group and we all left by 12:30.. . In the past there was security making sure people wouldn't crowd onto the dancefloor, this time I didn't see any security in the aisles to get to the dance floor.. . Is Marquee cutting corners and just trying to maximize their profit?  Seems like it will hurt them in the long run.
One word for Marquee: overrated.  . . There are two very distinct experiences you can have here, depending on your budget and/or hookups: VIP and what I like to call "steerage" (aka the masses).  And let's face it, if you don't have an in or don't have the budget to pay $500+ a bottle (or you just feel stupid wasting money on ridiculously marked-up liquor), most of us are going to have the steerage experience.  Therefore, you will have to deal with those stairs everyone keeps talking about (they're not so bad, but in those 4-inch heels every other girl seems to be wearing here, they're not fun.  But suck it up and do the walk and burn off all those empty calories from your pregaming cocktails).  Once you arrive, you'll get to enjoy the packed dance floor and bars, and the watered-down, pricey drinks.  The highlight of this place is that the space is actually quite beautiful, especially the outdoor poolside area.  . . On the night I went, I arrived with a giant group of girls and we found it quite odd that the crowd was mostly male.  Also, the majority of the male contingency was, um, short.  As in stature.  I'm 5'1".  I was shocked to see and be approached by men who were my height or shorter.   Was there a shorty convention taking place in Vegas that weekend?  . . There are far better ways to blow your cash in Vegas.  Save your money, avoid Marquee, and hit the blackjack tables instead.
BOTTOM LINE -- THIS PLACE IS TOO CROWDED, IT'S A BUZZKILL. . come here if you like TRYING to dance shoulder to shoulder with other people while constantly getting pushed around as people pass by. . i've been here a good number of times and i've always ended up leaving up/being burnt out because of the hoards of people here. . it's nice but, whatever, i'd rather have fun somewhere else. . SRSLY CAN THE HIP HOP/BOOMBOX ROOM BE ANY SMALLER OMFG
went on a THURSDAY night, right before 12am.. girls -free; guys -i believe it was $30.. id gladly go back, especially if i didnt have to pay.. . very short line, bouncers were nice. be prepared to dress up! i saw people trying to get in but were turned away cause they were wearing a polo. BUT, i donned a dress & gladiator sandals and was able to get in. drinks were expensive but its vegas! (two makers mark on the rocks, $28). i didnt stay for long, and only one floor was open (thursdays!), overall i had a good time but nothing amazing about the place. the outdoor area was simply a good breath of fresh air & i didnt explore the place much.. . id give it 3 stars but ive definitely experienced better in terms of club & decor. im going to attribute it to going on a thursday & re-do this when after i go back on a fri/sat.! nothing particularly wrong that night, i actually had tons of fun thanks to the company i was with!
Maybe it's me. Maybe at 32, I'm just "over" the club scene in Vegas. I don't know. All I DO know is that my experience at Marquee left me feeling a little let-down.. . But before I go all hater, let's explore the pros: I waited in line for less than 10 minutes and got in free. Yay. But it's Vegas, and being a woman, this is pretty standard. The Cosmopolitan itself is a nice hotel, and Marquee had a nice layout, with three floors and decent 'atmosphere.' On this particular night, ladies drank for free til midnight, I think, which is always nice. And the music in the hip hop room was great!. . And now... onto the cons: For starters, THE STAIRS. Ho-ly crap, I should've packed sneakers in my clutch, cause upon leaving the line to enter the club we were climbing stairs for what seemed like AGES, and in 4-inch heels, that is a killer!! From one set of stairs to the next to the next - seriously? By the time we got to the first floor I felt like I'd just spent 20 minutes on a Stairmaster. The drinks, while free, were nasty. WAY too strong; the bartender must've used an eyedropper to add the coke to my rum. But perhaps they want everyone to get buzzed quickly, I don't know.. . The hip hop room was JAM packed. I go to the club to dance, but how can you dance when the room is so full you can't even lift your arm without jabbing someone in the side? It was literally impossible to move. Given that, everyone trying to move through the crowd was pushing and shoving, it was literally a hot mess. The largest floor played all that techno/trance/house crap, music with no lyrics and a relentlessly annoying beat that made me feel like I was trying to dance inside a crack-addicts head. Who LISTENS to that? And how do you DANCE to it? No really... someone please tell me, cause I really don't know. . . I can see the appeal of Marquee for some people, truly. From the looks of things, the drunk 21-26 year olds LOVE this place, so good for them. For me though, this just wasn't the place to be. There were women and men who were clearly older than me who seemed to be having a decent time, standing around drinking. So maybe it's not my age, maybe it's just me. I just know when I go to club, I go to dance, and when I don't get to do that, I don't have a good time. So sorry Marquee - just 2 stars from me.
Ok, ok.  What's a guy likeme doing in a place like this?  Well, it was my brother's bachelor party and we needed to play into the Vegas scene for a great celebration.. . Sure, it came with a price to sit at a table.  It was expected in Vegas.  I mean, that's what makes this hell hole of a town thrive.  Money talks.  So, who gives a crap about statements like "giving you my word" and "fair business practices".  . . "Whoah whoa!"  you say.  "What's with all the hostility? It's Vegas!  Don't be angry!"  . .  I can't stand how utterly third world Marquee's front staff really is. . . So here is what occurred.  A member of the bachelor party had spoken with one of the employees of this fine establishment to discuss the amount needed to obtain a table.  We were quoted 4000 for a "tier 2" table.  The members of the bachelor party, (mind you, some did not have the income to splurge) had made a consensus to get the table.  . . When we showed up in the line for a table, the classic "bait and switch" technique occurred.  We were not honored such a deal, and for 3000 we were to get a tier 3 table as someone else had supposedly taken our previously negotiated table for a larger sum of cash.  . . You know, we were honestly "slighted".  "slighted" to the worst degree.  And by "slighted" I really mean the f bomb.  But, we didn't want to dampen the spirits of the group.  They were excited to go to a club to have some fun.  After a few grovels here and there, we just decided to take a look at the said tables.  They had the nerve to make us pay 500 more for a table that was just next to the table he showed.  . . The club itself was packed.  It was fun, but mainly because we were a cohesive group of buddies.   You know what, Marquee managers?  I would never stoop to your level.  If you came to me with a medical illness, I'd treat you like anyone else.  With respect and courtesy.  If you became my patient, I would look past this event and make sure that you were healed and happy.  It's just that no matter what I say will matter one iota in the big scheme that you have over there.  I just hope that this will warn people not to trust you guys.
The club itself is pretty remarkable.  We had a table on the "patio" (outside near the pool) and they were very accomidating and nice to the 13 of us girls there for a bachelorette party.  The staff was VERY cool and got us all pumped up when taking us over to the table.  You pay a pretty penny for a table but it's Vegas so it is what it is.. . Here is why I give them two stars ... it is what happen AFTER that night.  We paid in cash and the waitress held my ID till we paid.  Well there was a lot of back and forth with the cash and getting it counted correctly, getting our change back, etc.  So after that debacle (I suggest paying with a CC!!) the ID didn't even come to mind (and I hadn't event had a drink yet so I cannot blame it on it the booze).  . . The next morning I woke up and was like ohhhh crap, I didn't get my ID back and I had to hop on a plane later that afternoon.  I called the club SEVERAL times - I was given BS answers and "oh well let us take your information and we will call you back".  After the FOURTH call I was VERY mad and even though on call #3 I told them the waitress' name I was told "oh umm the manager has to call each person working that night".  . . I left SEVERAL vm's throughout this week and today finally somebody answered when I called.  "Oh yes, we have your ID"  Great ... thanks for the call back.  Now I am waiting on some "liability release form" ... we shall see if THAT ever comes through.  If it doesn't come through this afternoon I am going to call the Vegas police and report it as stolen.  Seriously ... this is a JOKE.  And for that I will not step into that nightclub again.  WORST customer service EVER.
We came here to see Kaskade. It was an awesome show until the power went out. Like what the hell?!. . Oh, and when we tried to pick up our tickets from will call, they demanded we have the credit card used for the purchase AND a photo ID. We had to go all the way back to the hotel to get the credit card. . . THEN once we got in we had to climb a ridiculous amount of stairs. That's so not cool in heels. No wonder they sell flip flops in their bathrooms. I bought an ugly flowered pair for $10. Ugh.. . The club was so crowded they wouldn't even allow us onto the dance floor. We had to cut through someone's bottle service area in order to find our way in.. . The drinks were also ridiculously expensive. But that's not unusual for Vegas.. . The only cool part about the night was the free foam glow sticks they generously showered the audience with. This didn't make up for anything though.
REVIEW FOR DAYCLUB:. . Pros: . -booking of great DJs. -friendly bartenders, generous pours. . Cons:. -what is up with the PUNY box of a pool?. -overcrowded and way too little space to walk and sit. -EXTREMELY RUDE pool nazi. . -expensive for the space, I would rather pay the same amount to be at Wet Republic.. . Would only come back if I paid an arm and leg for a daybed/cabana.
Honestly, with all the hype surrounding this club, I was expecting a lot more. This review is for the Marquee Nightclub.. . THE WAIT: Okay, the first time my friends and I tried to go here (we were staying at The Cosmopolitan, by the way), apparently (and I say apparently because I had not arrived yet)  the bouncer kicked our group out of the line because one of our tipsy friends had been drinking in line. I guess that's a policy we didn't know about but whatever. The next night we came back again and didn't have this problem.. . THE CLUB & DANCE FLOOR: I have to admit, I was impressed at how big Marquee is. However, all the stairs and passages made me really tired! It was more work out than dancing! Needless to say, because of Marquee's popularity, all the dance floors were packed and super hot. Ugh.. . THE MUSIC: Meh. I was pretty disappointed. Don't get me wrong, I love my fair share of electronic and house music, but I like a variety. The DJs just kept playing the same bleep-bleep-wom-wom sans-lyrics stuff that all the songs just started to mesh together, you know? I was dying to hear SOMETHING different, even if it's overplayed radio music. We went to all the dancefloors in Marquee and it was all the same.. . THE PEOPLE: Creepy and rude. I know I shouldn't generalize or anything, but this was how my experience at Marquee went down. There was a girl who grabbed me and tried to dance with my reluctant self and screamed "NOOO!" when her friends tried to drag her away. It's funny when I think back on it, but not so much when it was happening during that time. Then, when we were trying to leave one of the dance floors to go rest somewhere, this angry girl purposely splashed her entire drink on our "group train." I don't know what her problem was because all we were trying to do was get out. Because my friend and I were the first two in our train, my friend's shirt got soaked and my hair was wet with nasty alcohol.. . We ended up leaving at around 1 or 2AM because all of us just weren't feeling the vibe. I don't know if I would ever return to Marquee unless a celebrity DJ that I like is performing there.
This is a review for the nightclub. I should have listen to the girls leaving as we were going out-the place is a PASS. First off, the line to get in is ridiculous and you can't flirt your way into this one. $20 girls$30or$40 guys. The place has multiple floors but good luck taking the 3857392 stairs. This place is plainly way too crowded. Not only can you not move or dance, but you are being stepped on one second and elbowed in the face the next-people are constantly shoving and moving to get from one end of the club the the other. Horrible. I tried my best to put up with it and just smile but its honestly more than you can take. There is plenty of room outside to chat, smoke, and enjoy the Vegas skyline. Its kind of intimate outside and very beautiful. But honestly, just go elsewhere. The Cosmo is a gorgeous and sexy place with a unique ambiance about it but marquee does not live up to the same.
I think only drunk-twenty somethings appreciate the experience. . . You need to know a club promoter to get in (which SUCKS) because it's an . F%&*ing DANCE club, not a White House dinner. I was with nine girls (who BTW, are all Mexican) but I have no doubt that had we "looked" Mexican we would NOT have gone in (I look Malaysian, and the other girls look Flip, Persian, and Italian). ALL drinks are $15. So, if you got in for free, count the first drink as your cover. You have to take several escalators and stairs to get there, because that's how "awesome" this place is. Once you get to the first floor, you just stand there and wait your turn to TRY to get to the dance floor, because it is SOOOO packed and then, once you get there you feel like you're slowly being suffocated by Little Tokyo, yep, I went there. 85% are Asians, the other 10% are White and then there's the rest of us. We spent most of the night standing by the guardrail, by the service door, because it was either that or stand by the elevator. If you get bored, go to the second floor. If you can, that is, because you have to take the stairwell to get to the next two floors (not a good idea if you're drunk). On the second floor, there's slightly more room, but I think you need some other VIP tickets to get on the dance floor because the bouncers were blocking it off. The last floor in the club area is a tiny "lounge." The only worthwhile place was the balcony, and even that's tiny. There are no places to sit down. I mean with so many other clubs in Las Vegas, sure, come check it out and then hightail it back to your hotel room for more drinks and go somewhere else.
The only thing I like about Marquee Nightclub is the DJ lineup. Cats like DJs Vice & Eric Dlux create a great musical atmosphere! I also "appreciate" the Boom Box Room, but they need better DJs in there...classic guys like Chuck Chillout & DJ Jazzy Jeff who really know Hip-Hop...the "Taboo Music Genre" of Vegas, LOL!!! Overall, I love the pool area during the Dayclub. I had friends in town who got a bungalow, so it was like a party within a party! We didn't have to walk up & down all those stairs like some patrons do during the Nightclub hours to each room (Main Dance Floor Room, Boom Box Room & Library) searching for variety...it was right in our back yard! I wish everyone was economically fortunate enough to afford a bungalow experience ;-)
Kaskade 8/18/12.  . . As far as the layout, light show, dancers, performances, etc, Marquee definitely is an extremely solid 4.5.  The costumed dancers and the light show, man..what a great combo.  However in terms of managing the club itself, I had to bring it down to a 2.   To say you felt like a sardine in a can is an understatement.  You had girls crying, people throwing up because of the lack of air, literally being unable to move 10ft, etc.  Can't help but laugh about it , what a shit-show!. . Holding true to someone else's review, The biggest thing I would advise to everybody is to get a table.  Especially when the venue has a big DJ or other performer, Marquee Nightclub is best enjoyed when you have a table booked and have deep pockets to unload some cash.  You will be so happy with that decision as you see other people suffering the above mentioned.  Worth the money in exchange for the feelings of euphoria you'll get when those steam cannons, lights, glitz and glam start hitting you from all directions.  . . If on the other hand, you do not have deep pockets and still want to see that huge EDM dj at Marquee, get there early and stake your space on the dance floor.  But be prepared to camp there because if you leave that space to get a drink, you're not getting back.  . . To be clear, I'm not upset with the experience because it did demonstrate the superiority of XS and solidifying the decision to stay at the Encore moving forward. . . My final thoughts:. GUYS - Shell out the extra $$$ and get yourself a table by the floor, you will have a great time for sure.    . . Ladies - Get yourselves to a table
The Marquee is a complete and utter cluster-fuck. Like a big beautiful disaster where all rational goes out the window. . . *Nightclub*. . Instead of a logical system for entering the club (with signs or helpful personnel), there's a ridiculous swarm of people kinda sectioned off in twisting lines. We had to approach 3 different doormen  just to find the correct line. We opted to buy the All Access Weekend pass and that did seem to help by cutting the entry process down to about 10 minutes total.. . Now I'm a little torn on the rest of our experience because there were some genuinely enjoyable aspects.. . *The club is actually really beautiful. . *The views are fabulous. *The music was was legitimately good and exactly what you would expect it to be for a Vegas club. . Unfortunately all of the good stuff was nearly canceled out by:. . * The ridiculous herding system they have in place with staff constantly directing you with flashlights in big circles. They make it near impossible to just find a spot to hangout out in. If you want to sit, you're gonna have to pay for it.. *The dance floor is ridiculous. Well, the entire place is pretty ridiculous, but especially the dance floor. I'd read the reviews before hand so I expected it, but it was beyond what  I had imagined. You're literally packed into the most uncomfortable mass of people. As hard as you try, you just can't seem to enjoy yourself. . . **Dayclub***. . Basically the same as above. However, I found the Dayclub far more enjoyable. The people watching was pretty fantastic. Nearly everyone was good looking, half naked and either drunk or well on their way there. Whats not to love?!. My friend and I found a nice little spot to sit right by the pool which was filled to about capacity. This was EASILY the murkiest water I have ever seen in my life with about 1 foot visibility. I saw a woman drop her sunglasses in the water at one point and as she dove down to grab them was warned "Don't open your eyes! You might end up pregnant!". . Kinda skanky yet fun!  This is, after all, what you come to Vegas expecting.
Not impressed with the Marquee Nightclub.  A group of us were all excited to see Kaskade and have a great night out.  We paid $60 a ticket expecting to see a great show.  And Kaskade did an amazing job.  So everything would have been great if we could have seen him.  Instead, they overbooked the club big time.  They pack you in like sardines.  They had the doors open to outside where it's over 100 degrees out.  . . Getting close to the stage is next to impossible.  At one point we were dangerously packed in and my girlfriend was starting to get very claustrophobic.  We couldn't move at all.  And then one of the Marquee bouncers came barreling through, literally shoving people out of his way to make room for others.  My girlfriend was almost knocked down to the floor, where she could have been trampled.  . . We finally, made it out of that pack and off to the side when Kaskade went on.  Of course we couldn't see him from that angle, but at least we could breathe.  What we spent $60 on I don't even know.  I've been to much better concerts for $60.  . . I know Vegas is a different beast, but at some point there's a line to draw.  I have no desire to ever go back to this show.   I'd rather spend the money on a Cirque Du Soleil show.  We didn't even stay for the whole thing, we left utterly disappointed that we missed seeing an amazing DJ.. . If you are thinking about going to this, don't waste your money.  Perhaps get there hours early and stand by the stage, but I'd recommend another venue.  . . On top of all that, there was one bar that was impossibly hard to get to with all the people in there.  I can only assume they exceeded fire codes by a lot.
Okay, this place is totally overhyped. I didn't enjoy my experience here at all, and I don't think I'm that hard to please! Maybe it's because I came on one of the most crowded nights (Saturday) and had guys in my party, so I had to expect an experience like the one I had.. .  - Saturday nights always have a big name DJ playing at this club, so that means an even larger crowd than normal. Guarantee yourself entry by purchasing pre-sale tickets, or else you're going to have to stand in line for 2 hours waiting to get in. . . - If you want to go the promoter route (like I did) because you don't want to spend money on the entry fee (because HEY, you're a girl and should be able to get in for free!) hit up a promoter and ask for a hook-up. All girl groups = comped entry. If you're coming with guys, have at least a 1:1 ratio so that the girls can get in for free, and the guys will have to pay a cover. Reduced fees for guys are rare/never happen, unless you get lucky.. . -- Guestlist closes at 11, so get in line EARLY. Serious about this. Even if they cut the line off after you and say "Guestlist line ends here," keep in mind that the bouncers always overestimate the number of people who can get in so that they can fill up the club. But that's never going to be a problem, because the club is always full. If you're in line by 10:30PM and the line runs to the other side of the hotel, don't even bother. You're gonna end up paying $20+ to get in (girls) and guys will pay $50, and waste 2 hours of your life waiting in line. Had I known that I was going to have to pay at the end, I would've left and gone to another club where everybody would've gotten comped admission AND drink tickets!. . --  Nice design for a theatre, but a horrible place for a dance club. Bathrooms are all the way outside past the pool area, and you have to make it through the crowded main dance floor to get there. And to get to the other mini dance rooms, you have to go up 1-2 floors. No elevators to take you there, and you're walking in heels. NOT fun at all.. . -- The one deciding factor on whether I like a club: the music. I am not hip enough to jump on the Electronic Dance Music bandwagon, and this place is ALL about EDM! Man I just can't dance to it. The other area Library had better music, but it was more of a lounge area with pool tables and not really a dance floor, and the Boombox was too crowded and played boring booty grinding music. I was pretty bored the whole entire night.. . Overall, I'm glad I got to experience Marquee because it's supposed to be the #1 Vegas club, but unless you're willing to drop a couple thousand dollars to get a table and be treated like a queen/king, don't bother. If you just want something simpler, there are a bunch of different clubs that you can go to with WAY less of the hassle.
I have been to Marquee nightclub but that was forever ago and so this review is for the dayclub only. (But my memory is telling me that I wasn't too impressed with the nightclub either...). . Anyways, our promoter promised to get us in for free but we still had to stand awhile in line. We were originally planning to get a cabana but at $3,000 a pop, in addition to our tendency to sleep in, we decided table service at the nightclubsmade more sense. . . When we finally arrived at the pool we couldn't move. And neither could the people in the water. Please see my uploaded photo of the pool aka sardines in a can. . . Maybe the daylight puts things into perspective (I REALLY wouldn't want to see a nightclub with the lights on...scary) but everything just seemed dirty. You couldn't pay me to get in that water and the cabanas were all crammed together. I am super relieved we didn't waste our money. I would have been devastated. . . We stayed less than 5 minutes after standing in line for 20.
Marquee sucks. Extremely overated.. . Pro: New and beautiful place, more space to move around, nice outside view. . Con: overprice. Alot of older crowd, ugly people. rude service, very few attractive girls.. . Bottom line: Don't go there its not worth it, because of the ugly crowd. Also there promoters lie..Girls don't drink for free and all guys have to pay 50 dollar on saturday even if they bring girls.. . Marquee needs to stop telling guys if they bring girls and are on gueslist they can get in free. There are no free drinks for girls.
Don't love this place.. . Dayclub: the daybeds/cabana's are awesome, mojitos are DELICIOUS, and the food is decent.  HATE that you can't bypass the long line if you have your own table, HATE the greasy guysfrom the midwest, HATE the outrageous prices.. . NIghtclub: like the fact that girls get in for free, love the pool area where you can get away from the crowd.  like the fact that the bar has a water dispenser so you can grab it yourself.  The best room (the hip hop room) is poorly ventilated and OUTRAGEOUSLY hot.  I wish they could move the hop hop music into a larger room/area.. . LOVE that you can grab late night pizza as soon as you exit (near the escalators).
To all the people who tell me, "OMG, I LOVE MARQUEE," "IT'S THE BEST CLUB IN VEGAS," and "IT'S SO NICE AND SPACIOUS," what in the world are you smoking or did you get drunk to the point you blacked out and don't remember the venue??. . My problem with Marquee is with the staff for both the Dayclub and Nightclub.  Or maybe, my problem was that I just had way too high expectations and Marquee didn't deliver--yeah, that's it, too.. . Was in a long line for the dayclub on a Saturday afternoon.  For the douche bouncer who was rude and disrespectful to our party and those in line, I understand you need to be strict and adhere to your job title, but damn, you could do away with the dirty glares and attitude in your voice.  So our party ran into trouble as we were told we were put on the guestlist but turns out, we really weren't.  The bouncer we talked to was not willing to hear our story and merely dismissed us when our names weren't on the list.  Originally, we were looking at free for girls and $25 a guy.  He tells us it'd be $25 a girl and $45 a guy since we weren't on the guestlist.  We knew another party in Vegas that weekend and they later went to Marquee dayclub and got quoted free for girls, $30 a guy.  OH, I love the consistency, thanks for NOT trying to help us, Marquee.  Also, one of the guys in our party wasn't going to be let in because he didn't have on swimming shorts...?  "There are holes so they're basketball shorts, not swimming shorts."  BS, they're board shorts.  Somebody tell me when did Fox start manufacturing basketball shorts 'cause last time I checked, they were a racing and surfing clothes company. So we bounced because the bouncers were being unreasonable and ended up at the pool at our hotel, I'll save that $25/$45, THANK YOU VERY MUCH.. . . My most recent experience with Marquee was with Elisa C. for their nightclub on a night Avicii was playing.  I expected it to be packed and a fun night, and while Avicii was pretty damn good, the rest of my experience at Marquee is something I hope to never experience again.  It's super crowded when there is a big name playing, I understand that, but WTF WHY CAN'T I MOVE AND GO ANYWHERE?  I get reprimanded by security when I lean against railings, I get hustled to keep moving when I'm "blocking" the walkway but there's honestly NO WHERE to go (yeah, I'll just keep moving in damn CIRCLES around the club), and I can't even sit down anywhere because the only places you can find a seat if you don't have bottle service is on those giant flower pots that everybody and their moms are hogging because their feet are hurting from standing.. . The dancefloor is TINY and there are assholes who are shoving to get to the front and pouring their drinks all over me because they can't keep their damn hands still as they're moving through the crowd.  Yet again, there's NO WHERE to go because you're sandwiched between hoards of people who are too drunk to function or high off their minds.  That's Marquee on a busy night for you.  Even outside where the pool and cabanas are is PACKED.  The recurring question of "where can I go?" reappears and I'm left walking in circles around the club AGAIN.  Thanks Marquee, thanks.. . I'd probably be less annoyed and irritated at Marquee if I wasn't in tall heels and struggling to keep my feet painless throughout the night...but when people boast about this place being a great venue and one of the top clubs in Vegas and I didn't see that, that's a problem.. . I'll probably give the dayclub and nightclub another chance in the near future, but first retrain your staff and then I'll see whether it's worth going or not.
I'm a fan when it comes down to great music in an awesome atmosphere. Of course, Vegas always has something to offer in a lil' city. Great minds think alike when the words of: pool party, vegas, house music, and a combo of inebriated drunkards basking in the sun while sipping on endless amount of booze come into play!. . Marquee is deemed to be THE spot to pool party. However, I think Encore and WET Republic take the cake. Here are my gripes:. . Small pool to splash around and sparse accommodations to any of your belongings, yet alone, leave it with a large pile of other people's belongings. Hence, bottle service gives you a small space to party like a rockstar with your friends and soon-to-be friends and leave your stuff hanging around. The service is baffling!! My friend orders us bottle service and pitchers of more alcohol to go around with our group, but to our own dismay, the little monster shuffling her small frame and fake boobs in our faces was utterly rude! She wanted us to pay first before we got our drinks?! WOW!! My friend paid for everything, called his credit card company to cancel the transaction, voila!, we got our FREE booze in hand!! Boo-yah!. . The crowd was so-so. I've seen better eye candy at Encore and WR. A group of guys tried their best to fondle me and my girlfriends thinking I wouldn't say one word. I NEVER take that kind of advantage from ANYBODY! Security was shamefully nonchalant about the incident and scurried off thinking it was no big deal. Really?! After much avoidance and drinking plenty of vodka shots and AMFs, I was dancing like nuts to the filtering sounds of house music!. . I really want to give this place more than what it should be credited for but I find it disappointing when I receive lack of service from anybody. I enjoyed the hours of incredible music, my awesome set of company, and what was little to be known, an okay venue. Is it worth it to come back again? Depends. If they held any of my favorite house DJs, I'll be back or someone holds their birthday/bachelorette party here.
I absolutely love the cosmopolitan hotel so I had high expectations for this club. We called a day before and got on the VIP list. Girls were free, guys still had to pay $25. When we got up there I immediately fell in love with the atmosphere! It was so cool and big! We got drinks, expensive and not good. Tasted like cheap vodka. Then we all made our way to the dance floor. . . Security made it hard to hang out if you wanted to take a break. The only place you could stand around and talk with people was outside. They did have heat lamps which were a plus but it was still cold. Security was strict here. . . The dance floor was not that big at all and it was really had to move around. There is a giant screen showing like naked girls dancing, not really interested. I'm not sure how much a table would have been but I definitely suggest it. . . I'm not sure if it was because it was thanksgiving weekend but there were a lot of awkward foreign tourists there. The only thing going for this place is the atmosphere.
This review is for Marquee nightclub.  Maybe I'm getting too old for this stuff or maybe it's because Marquee makes you climb flights and flights of stairs in heels, but I'm starting to hate this place.  . . Love the electro & house music, especially the great djs that spin here, but the main dance floor is so small that it's nearly impossible to get on it and actually enjoy the music.  The club also gets super crowded that you can barely move and sometimes are forced outside and not let back in.  Half the time I'm trying to maneuver around people trying to find a place to stand or dance without getting bumped or stepped on, and the other half I'm climbing up and down the damn stairs, trying not to eat it.  . . The good thing about this place is that they have multi-level dance floors, so if you're not into the edm scene, there is a hiphop dance floor downstairs.  . . If you want to avoid the crazy long lines and paying 60-80 bucks for cover for guys, make sure you either buy presale tickets or go through a promoter.
Came here for my 21st birthday saturday night (11/11) and had to wait until 12am to get in but that was no big deal, the line was alright and my friend and i got in for free. This place is like a maze, you have no clue where you are and it's just meh. i expected way more with all the hype. The music was whatever, you can NOT go on the dance floor because it was too crowded and it was just a bad experience... . Why? YOUR BOUNCERS HAVE ISSUES. They kicked a few of my friends out just for asking a simple question of what happened. Seriously? calm the fck down. power tripping for no reason. SO disappointed with marquee. your bouncers are assholes, your place is crowded, the dance floor is unreachable, it's a MAZE in there and it is so hard to navigate in there. I had to walk down 6 flight of stairs to reach the exit. I was only able to stay for an hour and a half before my friends got kicked out.. . Thank you Marquee for ruining my birthday, which should have been a good night. You need to tell your bouncers to relax and remember everyone is there to have a good time so loosen up.
This place is stuck in the past. Came for a friends birthday and had two rooms. Each room (4 guys) wanted to check out Kaskade at the end of the night, and they denied their own hotel guests (not to mention that they were gay men who were a lot more attractive than the ugly bitches there). Grow up, Vegas.
I recently went to Marquee with a group from out of town. I'm not a real big clubber, I prefer going to bars with excellent mixology programs and where I don't have to stand in line for two hours and drink crappy, expensive drinks  BUT we were at the Cosmopolitan, it was 2 a.m. and the birthday girl wanted to party. I was relieved t see there was no line PLUS I didn't have to pay because I am a Vegas local. . . Anyway, I had read on Seven magazine that there is this area in the club called the Library where the head of Tao's beverage program had created a special cocktail menu since the Library was supposed to have more of a lounge feeling. So we stumbled across it finally and I headed to the bar thinking I'd peruse the menu to see what their house creations were (mind you, I had just been at Herbs and Rye and the Vesper bar downstairs) and the bartender told me they only had bottle service. So I asked him what he had. He pointed to the bar and told me they had everything. So I asked for a bramble, a mint julep, a negroni and he told me they didn't have any of those cocktails. So I went with a gin and pineapple juice for FIFTEEN DOLLARS! WHAT!? I can get a delicious hand-crafted cocktail for $12 bucks at the Chandelier bar!. . After getting over this shock, we headed to the dance floor. I had a good time, stayed until close. Probably won't be coming back since a club really isn't my scene.
We flew to Vegas from Portland, OR  to stay at the Cosmo and hear Gareth Emery as a celebration for our 8th wedding anniversary. We bought tickets for Gareth Emery online and stayed at the Cosmo (4 nights). We paid 50.00 for a guys ticket and 20.00 for mine. We are big fans of the DJ and planned our trip around this event. When we got to the club the guy said oh since you are a hotel guest, you get in free. So basically we wasted $70? Nobody told us that before. Anyways we get in and by 12 we werent allowed by security to get on the dance floor and aggressively told that we couldnt stand around but had to keep walking towards outside or another room. I told them that we are there for this dj and they didnt care. They eventually let us on the dance floor and it was dangerous...people pushing...way over the limit. We didnt stay for the entire set and we were so frustrated. There were several crowd control guys with flashlights constantly telling us to keep moving. How about telling the people to move who don't even know who the dj is? Its just not fair that fans of the dj cant even enjoy a show. We are very upset by this experience. We have been to Marquee in the past and heard ATB and others and had similar experiences but by far this was the worst.
Leaving Las Vegas.. . It was like running into someone you don't much care for who is better than you remember. Smokes less. Not as drunk and obnoxious. Tolerable.. . But you still want the experience over immediately.. . Such was Vegas, where I returned for my first (and likely only) visit to Marquee.. . So much hype. I guess when you live in the best city in the world with two of the best clubs in the world (http://www.yelp.com/biz/ruby-skye-san-francisco#hrid:ssUu4hCdIIjyHeqILya2JQ and http://www.yelp.com/biz/mighty-san-francisco#hrid:6JtZVbPB0HCMop8tzKzIQQ) you're not as easily impressed.. . Cool visuals. Plenty of confetti. Good sound. Nice staff. Outside area to lounge.. . In other words no better than home. And back home smoking is not allowed, drinks are half the price, the crowd energy is more positive and there isn't some stupid rule requiring guys to wear dress shoes.. . Love dress shoes. Just not when dancing. This isn't a wedding.. . Best part of the experience? Being reminded just how good we have it in the city by the bay.
Marquee is a good nightclub in Vegas. Great venue. It's new and trendy. But it's over crowded. Dance floor is small. I like how you can go outside and inside. The main room plays too much house music. Had a friend who was on the guestlist and still paid 80 dollars to get in. Its a great experience if you have a table and If you want a table you have to book months in advance. It's good to experience this type of environment once in awhile but it's not a place I would go to regularly.
Went back to my favorite Vegas club in the winter but I regret it. . . While I love how open this club is, they decided to shut down the outside area as we walked in. Just imagine, a regular marquee crowd...only half the space. It was PACKED and WAY too hot. After this experience, I cant really deny the looming reality of Marquee any longer. The dance floor is just way too small. Yes it's cool dancing shoulder to shoulder sometimes, but not here. It's just not fun. They HAVE to remodel the dance floor. You cannot have major headliners perform with such a small dance floor.. . Chuckie, one of my favorite club DJ's, was spinning which would lead some to assume that I would have a great night. But his set was...just awful. He wasn't even playing to the crowd. Bring me the Chuckie from 2 years ago!. The one saving grace was, believe it or not, the bartenders.  They were really friendly and very unlike a typical Vegas bartender.
I went to Marquee and did not enjoy my experience.  We had gone to XS, Surrender, Hyde, and Haze throughout our week in Vegas, and had bottles every night.  That being said, the issue with Marquee is that there is no air of exclusivity, in that, the line is very long, but it seems like by the end of the night every single person that was in line is packed into the club like a bunch of dying fish.  We went on the night Chuckie was performing, and it literally took 30 minutes to explore this massive club (due to the sardine factor).  Even with a bottle, we were not having a very good time.  Our bottle waitresses were rude, and they decided to close down our section (after paying nearly $800 for our single bottle of Belvedere).  They offered to move us but since we had a quarter of a bottle left, and we were nearly out, they basically said buy another one and we'll move you, and if not we'll just stare at you till you feel pressured enough to leave.  I very nicely approached them in their staring contest and let them know I did not appreciate their staring contest, to which they insisted it was not what it seemed and continued to stare at us.  .   I have had Skyboxes at LIV, have tables 2-3 times a week here in DC, have been to Vegas 3 times in the past year, gone to clubs in NYC (near where I grew up) constantly, and have never had a more pompous and underwhelming experience.  I am sure if you come here with $5k-10k to spend you will have a wonderful time, but for that money, I would hop a flight to Miami, and go to LIV, which I will continue to argue is the best nightclub in the world (especially their skyboxes), as there is an air to exclusivity and service that is simply incomparable to any other experience I have ever had.  All of my friends decided that Hyde @ Bellagio is the perfect place for us in Vegas, they are more reasonable, more exclusive, and the view can't be beat, inside and out.    Also people seem to be there to have a great time, not just say they went there.  Skip this place, not like you will, as everyone says it's the greatest club in the world, and inevitably you will make the same mistake we made...
Came her the first time, I wasn't impressed. Came here again last weekend, and I probably won't come again. For all the money you drop in this place, you think the service would be better. 1st time, 4 of us dropped $2000 on 3 bottles, because, that night was a "3-bottle minimum." girls dropped the bottles, at the same time, and never came back. No security keeping people from taking a seat at the table or stopping by and doing the things you'd expect at a high end club. It also took for ever just to get into VIP. This weekend, While the door douches decided whether admission was $30 or $50, I finally got in walked up to the bitchiest bartender I've ever met and got some no name Tequila. I didnt even think to ask for a specific brand, because usually high end clubs don,t even carry XXX tequila.  On the bright side, the music was cool and the crowd was chill. On this particular Friday it seemed to be an Asian night of sorts but that's neither here not there. It could be that people set the expectations for this place so high they're destined to be disappointed or the folks that run this place think its better than it is. If The money is going to be spent anyway, I'd spend it at the Wynn.
First of all, it's agreat venue with the best dancers and some of the best visuals and designs in all the nightclubs I've seen. For a nightclub, the drinks weren't too bad. What really grinds my gears is the crowdedness of the entire place. Get there at 11pm and the entire place is full and you can't even walk and you get yelled at by security because you're standing in the walkways. My bad, I can't walk because the place is far over the capacity but I get scolded because I'm a decent human being and I won't shove my way through? Whatever. The hip-hop floor wasn't really the best for dancing, more for relaxing which really bummed me out. The house floor was crazy crowded but it was more fun than the hip-hop floor. Marquee needs to lay off the crazy smoke machines. Go ahead, shoot carbon dioxide in a crowd of people in a small space; who the hell needs oxygen anyways...
$50 to climb 6 flights of stairs? Strike 1. Terrible use of space so I feel like a sardine. Strike 2. $18 for a well rum and coke??? Strike 3. At least the music was good. I will never be back here. XS is right next door and 10x better.
Came here over X-mas weekend with the lady friend. If you want to dance or even walk around don't even think about it. The only way to do that is to get a table. As other yelpers have stated be careful walking down the stairs.  When I was here SVD was playing a gig and we couldn't watch it on the main floor because there was a mosh pit of bodies blocking all paths. . . We left after 1 hour because the place is not safe and a bad vibe. The one positive I will give Marquee is that the bouncers are very friendly and courteous. I was impressed with their cool demeanor and they were nothing like the typical meat head bouncer that push their weight around. . . I think XS and Pure are better venues because they don't fill the club to fire hazard conditions.
Great music choices, however the club itself is set up horribly. For a dance music club the dance floor is way to small. I always feel like I am getting pushed everywhere I go in that club. Also, I know the security has to be 'hard' and 'tough' but they are just complete douchebags for no reason sometimes. Like fucking relax your job is not that important. I do like the outside part of the club though, I wish they would have expanded it.
$26 for a midori sour.  Are you kidding me?  Also too crowded for my tastes.
Came here with my fiance on a Saturday night. I was on the guest list so we came pretty early, around 10:30. The guestlist line looked pretty long but we were in the club by 20 min. Fiance had to pay $50 cover, mine was comped. For the first 20 minutes it was great--not too crowded, and the 1st DJ of the night was much, much better than the one we had at XS the night before.. . And then more people came in. It soon turned into the mosh pit that was XS the night before. Some guy came up to the couple dancing next to us groped the girl in front of her bf! The guy instantly shoved him backwards and the creeper bolted. At this point we got sick of the shoving and getting stepped on (girl in front of me kept rubbing her pit sweat on my arm, which I would then rub back on her dress--GROSS) and took a walk outside (there was this open pavilion area? I'm not sure what the actual name is). Outside we found a sea of Asian dudes. Almost no girls. Just a sea of Asian dudes. I was really confused.. . Overall Marquee was slightly better than XS, mostly due to the first 20 minutes where it wasn't disgustingly crowded. Also I found $20 on the floor, so that made it marginally better. Still, unless you get a table with a group, idk how you can have fun in this place.
2 stars because its Overrated.. overpriced for drinks.too many stairs to go through when your leaving.. definitely an accident waiting to happen..I hate that the rooms are so far and spread apart..and the hip hop room is sooo freaking tiny!!!!! the dance floor is so tiny.. everything is mainly outdoors which makes you feel like you are at a house party....Ladies - definitely wear comfy shoes because you'll be walking/dancing a lot here...
The bouncers are pwer tripping a$$holes. I know I need to "keep moving", but I am very obviously stuck behind a throng of people and can't move any further. I don't appreciate you yelling near my ear and waving your stupid ass flashlight. What's that going to do? Ooooh threaten me with a flashlight, dumbasses. . . and WTF stairs. High heels and tons of stairs and climbing six levels to reach the club is no bueno. . . Good points: . . -atb was playing. It's too bad crappy ass clubs like Marquee become the big thing and attract the big names, I'd much rather go to a nightclub where the bouncers aren't huge douchebags. . . -the guest list line was efficient. the promoter got me & my friends on the list without any issues and was very good at keeping up communication. Brian T, you were awesome. . . -could leave the club and eat pizza near by. . . No where to sit unless you have bottle service. Tiny dance floor.
It was hipster and crackhead central!. . I didn't realize why at the time, but at the line the crowd felt a bit... "Dramatic" to me. Like a casting call line for a Jersey Shore set. I had a strong urge to punch someone, in particular the weirdos with the neon glasses or one of the "bros" with Affliction shirts.. . I did not like the crowd AT ALL! I don't like how they talk, how they dress, how they look or their retarded conversation subjects. Who really wants to hear some "logical" debate about weed legalization for the 15th millionth fucking time? Their personalities rubbed off as a chronic liar. And drug addict.. . Inside the club, some random lady BODY-SLAMMED into one of my female friends ON PURPOSE! What the fuck? She will tear out your smooth lotion-ney throat with her damn teeth if you fucking cross her again!. . Now I wrote rave reviews of XS, because of their great production budgets, lineups, and most importantly, CIVILITY! But I can't say the same for Marquee, because its a lot of flash, money and big name DJs, but literally nothing about the quality of the people that come in here.. . When I went down the second level outside of the hip hop room for a smoke, these two spun out looking cougar ladies wouldn't stop poking me with those padded glow sticks. They tried starting conversations with me while failing pretty badly, and a lot of what they are saying they realized they were offending me (they came off as "rude"). Then the girls I came with found me and rescued me.. . There was a HUMUNGOUS and hot amazon lady that kept staring at me on the main level. Now, I like a lady I can piggy-back all the way to the bedroom (or in other cases, being carried all the way up there LOL), but as I approached her I immediately got intercepted by these seriously nasty looking meth head women that were really aggressive in "breaking the ice" with me.  In like... 40 seconds they asked me where I am from, what do I do, and whether or not I can take a picture with them. When they finally are gone, Xena was no where to be found :(. . But the WORST part of the club is THE STAIRS! . . We had a nice, calm, elevator ride IN the club. But to get out, and that goes for all of you, you must take THE STAIRS. It's EIGHT levels of not tripping over drunk bitches that can't walk in heels (and forgot their sandals). . . There were bitches that decided to sit and lounge at THE STAIRS!!! Get the fuck out the way, your holding up traffic! . . When I woke up today I thought over about what I experienced at Marquee the day before. Then it hit me. Half the people inside the club were HIGH! The flushed faces, bloodshot eyes, sunken Crypt Keeper like cheekbones, ridiculously stupid and creepy behavior, and seeing bouncers escorting people out the exit every 5 minutes. Apparently there is ALOT of dope flowing through this venue. . . On my way out to the parking garage elevators, this dumb midget motherfucker tried to block my way with his hand for "one of his bros" that was staggering around like an idiot. I blew right past him for being an ass, and he started stumbling. . . I fucking hate Cosmopolitan and the Marquee. This is the spot where scumbags hang out and get a quick stay at the Clark County Jail.
So I came here with a bunch of girl friends on a Saturday night which you MIGHT think would be a good idea. No no no, not to me at least. . . First, we were lookin' hot and my friend (who is from Vegas and has a Nevada ID) assured me that we could at least get discount for being "locals." Nope. . . $20 at the door for girls, $50 for guys. Thank goodness I do not have a penis. . . Next, the DJ was all right. That's probably what packs 'em in and makes the entrance expensive. I'm sure it was Kaskade or Avicii or one of those DJs that has the same dramatic musical lead-up followed by a bass drop repeated about 50 times throughout the evening. Good if you're drunk I suppose. The bartenders were okay too. . . Well drinks, $12. Or was it $14? Either way, I was outraged.. . Also, I got lost twice trying to find the bathroom. It's kind of a confusing circle layout thing.. . Now I know why people hate the strip. I am much more of a Fremont-Street-dive-bar type of gal. Next time I will definitely skip out.
Seems like when the hype moves around vegas theres no stopping it. Well the hype has most certainly moved to Marquee. This seems to be the place that everyone and their momma's want to party at. I've been twice and both times left feeling the same way...a bit unimpressed. I'd say go without too many expectations and maybe you'll have a better experience. It's worth checking out but I've had a much better time else where...
I had gotten in touch with the Guestlist manager a couple weeks before our visit and added to the guestlist.  We (a group of six ladies ages 27-33) showed up and got in the guest list line.  It went pretty fast but when we got to the front, my name was no where to be found on the list.  The guy was very nice about it though and still let us go through without paying cover.. . We got inside and were immediately impressed with the setup and decided to walk around a bit before we got a drink.  Everything was really cool.  We stepped out to the outside bar and all lined up waiting for a drink.  There were two women bartenders working and there wasn't a line, however, we were ignored for a good 10 minutes with not even an acknowledgement we were there.  Then, the bartender on our side actually left and a new one took over, all while we were standing there.   Finally the new girl came over and got our drink order.  I asked for a Red Bull and vodka and did not specify vodka.  She tells me it's $19!  What's funny is there were a couple other girls that ordered the same drink and there drinks were a couple dollars cheaper.  She wasn't friendly and obviously overcharged when she felt like it.. . Needless to say after that, we were kind of over it.  We found a cozy little room with some couches and pool tables with the kind of music we liked and danced a little, then a bouncer guy said we were in the way so we moved to another area and danced.  Again, we were pushed away saying we were in the way.  We figured out that unless we were buying bottle service, we needed to get out of there.  We then found the stairs everyone keeps referring to.  Crazy amount of stairs.  Finally got to the bumping hip hop music room.  It was jam packed with drunk girls that kept bumping into us so we finally decided to call it.  . . We were not impressed.  Terrible service and we felt like we were treated pretty badly by the bouncers.  Not cool.
Too big. Unorganized chaos even if you are on a guest/bottle list. Go from one line to another, then back because no one knows what they are doing. VIP host kept the D&G tag on his suit.... Dude that's supposed to come off when you get that shit tailored, ultra douchey. PS get that shit tailored.
I've only gone to Marquee @ night so I can't comment on the dayclub, but I can say that of all the clubs in Vegas, Marquee just isn't it for me. . . +++++++++. 1. Aesthetically pleasing- one of the nicest looking clubs in Vegas . 2. Great bottle service . 3. A ton of levels that suits everyone's different tastes in music. 4. Promoters for Marquee make it super easy to get in . 5. Big DJs - Kaskade the last time I was there . 6. Bouncers are all super nice . 7. Top floor is my fav! The library looking one? We had a table up there once and it was the perfect place to duck out and rest our feet since it doesn't get as packed as the other floors. . 8. Areas by the pool have plenty of places to sit and rest those throbbing feets. . . ----------------. 1. Way too crowded, small, and stuffy for the number of people they let in. Good luck dancing anywhere. You can manage shoulder movements, but that's about it. . 2. Stairs only to get to each level.... seriously?! Great marketing strategy, actually. Stairs in stilettos = painful feet = drink until it stops hurting = $$$ for Marquee! . 3. It feels like you're being herded in like cattle as a female . 4. Music is great on the hip hop level, but there is NO WHERE to dance! . 5. Did I say it was crowded?. 6. Crowded . 7. Uncomfortable. 8. People sweating on you all over the place . 9. So crowded it's no longer enjoyable . . So what I'm saying is, Marquee is cool but now it's so packed that unless you thoroughly enjoy leaving the club covered in someone else's sweat, I'd go elsewhere.
Overpriced and Bad bottle service!! My party of 12 spent $3,000 for bottle service.  This amounted to $250 per person.  They put us in a very small room with a tiny dance floor.  The server only came by twice to poor drinks.  After she collected her 20%($600) commission off of $3,000, she was out of sight and never to be seen again.  We went to the Marquee because there was a lot of hype about this being new.  (We went last summer but I finally got around to writing a review).  This place is totally not worth it.  I think XS is still one of the best clubs in Vegas.  For $3,000 we would have gotten a much better table and service.
There was a time when I use to love Marquee but recently my experiences here are getting worse and worse for both day and night.. . Admission: If you are a guy, always always buy presale tickets unless you don't mind waiting hours in line just to pay extra money.. . Bouncers: Typically I'm not the one to judge or criticize someone until I know them well enough but I can't help myself from believing that the bouncers here are mindless drones with little to no common sense. A friend and I went to the day club for Dash and were denied admission due to the dress code. The overweight, bald, uneducated douche informed us that we had to wear a proper "shirt" to get in. FYI, we were wearing swimming trunks and black wife-beaters. People with tank tops were walking in and when we questioned him, he told us that tanks were allowed but not wife-beaters. I don't understand what kind of logic goes through this drones non-existent brain but a wife-beater is simply a ribbed skin tight tank made from a different material. Plus, it's a freaking POOL PARTY I'm going to be shirtless the moment I get inside. . My friend and I walked over to the store next door and purchased an over priced tank top; walked back into Marquee shaking our heads in disgust of how ignorant some people can be.. . Drinks: It's Vegas so obviously drinks are going to be around $15.. . Venue: . DAY- Although a bit small, I always have a good time at the Marquee day party. The main pool is a public restroom but fun to splash nevertheless when the beat drops. The shallow pool with the waterfall is much cleaner and less disgusting. They have two bars you can order from and a few gambling tables. You can only sit if you bought a table.. NIGHT- Two different rooms and the outside (where they have the pool party). This place is PACKED to the point where it is almost impossible to move around. If you aren't on the dance floor by 11 or 12, chances are you'll never be able to go on it. Once you leave the dance floor, you won't be able to get back in. So at this point, you'll be forced to just chill outside if you don't have a table. This is the main reason why I don't like Marquee that much anymore. There are just too many people and you'll end up outside.. . Music: Music is always good, they always have good headliners that know how to please a crowd.. . TLDR: Come here for the DAY for a fun time, avoid NIGHT at all costs unless you enjoy not being able to move. . . To their management: Please screen all your employees especially your bouncers for a basic test of common sense before hiring.
Pretty can't make up for all the suck.. . -The line(s)  to get in were stupid. Baaaaaa, you feel like a sheep. . - It was waaaay over crowded. There was only room for the beautiful people to stand around beautifully. . -Don't go there to dance. The "dance" floors are standing room only. . -The music sucked. The DJ played the same dance song beat all effing night.. -Only the people that pay for bottle service get to set down. . - Drinks were Vegas priced (insane for no reason).. -It's a long way down when you are ready to GTFO. . . The club was pretty, the pool was pretty, the private bungalows were pretty. If you are going for pretty, this is the place. If you must go, get on the guest list. At least save yourself the 20-30 dollar cover. Use the internet to figure out how to do that.. . . Edit: . The place didn't smell like vomit, unlike several other Vegas establishments.
Saw W&W last Monday using my free vCard pass. It was an ok club. The wait to get in wasn't too long, but we were in the VIP line. . . The drinks were expensive and weak, which was expected because its Vegas. The type of people there were mixed, but I did notice a lot more older people than I thought there would be (like people pushing 50). . . My main problem was that their main dance floor was small. At one point, they weren't letting people go on the main dance floor because it was overcrowded, which was disappointing because I came there to dance, not to stand around with my overpriced drink. . . We left right when W&W were done because there was simply nothing that excited us about this club. Very over-hyped for sure. Don't pay full price and try to get on a guest list because its not worth paying that much money.
Went to Kaskade Summer Lovin 8/18 Dayclub. A tip if you bought prepaid tickets, get the tickets on floor 1 and the line is on floor 3. Be prepared for a few flights of stars going up. So why 2 stars for this club?? I hadbought 5 tickets weeks ago and the ticket booth had me marked for only 4. I had all my paperwork with confirmations. The ladies in the front were helpful but making me wait 30 mins+ for 1 ticket I already paid for was absurd! Manager shows up and gets my other ticket within two minutes. However, they wasted half an hour I could have been upstairs. Manager didn't offer anything complimentary but an apology. With the lack of poor management, i'd rather bother with a different place. Make sure you wear swim trunks! There's a dress code even for the day club believe it or not. Would have been a 1 star but Kaskade didn't disappoint!
So Marquee gets 2 stars for being pretty and for having 3 floors with different types of music. But here's where it loses 3 stars:. . - Even though we were on the guest list, we had to wait in line, just to wait in another line, just to wait in yet ANOTHER line...to be told to walk up 4 flights of stairs in 5-inch heels. One of our girls has a serious heart condition, so she cannot exert herself and we had expressed that to our promoter who told us that we were in line for the elevator. Either he was in idiot or that was a lie. Once we got to the stairs and told security our situation, they allowed us to use the elevator immediately, which is what they should have done in the first place. Took us an hour before we made it into the club.. - Standing room only, unless you're willing to pay $$$$ for bottles. (ladies, I would advise stashing flats/flip-flops in your clutches). - Having to precariously teeter down 4 flights of industrial stairs in heels (security won't allow you to take off your shoes for liability reasons, they would rather have you fall to your death in your pumps).. . We met some nice people who offered to buy us drinks, which I turned down because I was already exhausted from waiting in line in heels and not getting enough sleep after partying the night before. I was ready to head out at about 1am...I know, very early for Vegas. . . At some point, we were invited to sit at a table hosted by a bachelor party. I didn't drink, just grateful to rest my feet. The girls were polite, only drank what was offered, but mostly engaged in polite conversation. Then, out of nowhere, the groom's deranged brother flipped his lid and started spewing hate and profanities directed at our group and demanded that we vacate their table. Everyone was shocked, including the bottle service girl who shot me horrified and apologetic looks. Insulted, we quickly left. I saw her talking to him after we took off and, soon after, we noticed the table was vacant...guess they were kicked out for being offensive? The groom also ran into us later and apologized for his brother's actions. Eh, the damage was done, but we got over it quickly. I went back to our hotel room to sleep and the rest of the girls danced the night away and didn't stumble in until 5am. . . I think I would have enjoyed Marquee more if a) they would have had a more organized entry system b) if they had a safer exit system c) if I had worn more comfortable shoes d) if I could have avoided disastrous run-ins with douchey pricks with poor manners
If I would've reviewed Marquee when I visited last year, I would've easily given it 4-5 stars. This time around, I was incredibly disappointed.. . Yes, the venue is beautiful, the people are beautiful, and the main stage lighting setup is great. But what's the point of having a club when there's no room to dance? I came to see my favorite edm dj Kaskade this past Saturday, and I didn't even get to see him because security kept shuffling us around the main stage.. . Lines are too long, venue was too crowded, and the outdoor area didn't play the music loudly enough. All they had outside was a video of Kaskade spinning inside. NO ONE WAS DANCING! How could you dance without any room? Ugh. I've seen Kaskade over 10 times at venues around the world and this was by far the WORST.. . HOWEVER!!!!! One thing did save the night: THE HIP HOP ROOM! This room was AWESOME!!! It wasn't crowded, the music was great, everyone was actually dancing, and they even did a cool bottle service show with the servers dressed in referee outfits holding sparklers and champagne bottles.. . Lastly, I like how they have improved their method of letting pre-sale ticket holders into the club. No long lines if you've purchased your tickets ahead of time, so make sure you do so (if you even decide to spend your night at this club)!
$50 for guys to get in. $15 Grey Goose/Club Sodas. Super packed, they clearly squeeze in as many people/money as possible. Won't let you keep your event ticket after entry as they claim you can allow others to get in with it (no bar code or stamp). DJ Mag claims this is the best club in the US...nope.
I think I had high hopes for this club because my sister was raving how beautiful it is. It's actually quite small, people are extremely pushy.. . They had body guards that stood around "hall" and they always tell people to keep moving. I guess it's for safety reasons, but they wouldn't let us into the dance floor until my friend asked nicely.. . Overall the experience is okay. I didn't get to explore the whole club. Floors are a bit slippery. So be careful ladies! People got drunk by the time I went in and because the spacing is so tight, I accidentally knocked someone's drink onto the floor.. . Great thing is that they do offer free water, do-it-yourself, kind of thing. Ithink every club should have that!
This club is alright, nothing really to be impressed about. Very overrated and not as great when compared to the other amazing clubs is Vegas (i.e. XS, Hakkasan and Light). . . We went into the Boom Boom Room first for hip hop music and it was tiny!! Very crowded due to that fact people love to dance to hip hop and so it was crowded. Then we went upstairs to the House floor. It was decent, we had bottle service which was great. The decor inside the main room was not impressive since guys had to pay $50 to get in. . . Then when you are tired, drunk and exhausted from dancing, you have to take 6 stories  of stairs to get out. Luckily, I brought some flats in my purse, but my girlfriends' were less fortunate. They walked not only the 6 flights of stairs, but also walked to the Bellagio to get a cab since the Comsopolitan line was so long. But they wore their heels the whole time, of course.
Marquee Nightclub.  Overrated.. . I like the outdoor section at night.  There's even a few blackjack tables off to one side.  The club itself is very small and very broken up.  Unless you have a table (or you're outside watching from a tv) you're not going to see the DJ.  It seems like the club design was an afterthought of of the hotel.  Armin van Buren was playing the night I was there.. . If you're waiting to get in you'll never see people walking out b/c there is a separate and very ghetto metal staircase that you'll have to walk down do get out.  Not the ideal exit when you're wearing heels.. . Some nights you can get in for free as hotel guests.  Just show your hotel key and you can bring a +1 also.. . They do attract some of the top DJs.  I would still like to try the Dayclub and see Kaskade.
This review is for marquee day club. The people in charge of wristbands we're incredibly rude, there was a girl behind the counter and man standing outside of it. I had just gotten my wristband and was waiting for my bf to get his, so I had a water bottle in my bag and was taking a sip then the man grabs it out of my hand and throws it in the trash next to him and says rudely " water bottles are not allowed". Wtf?!  I could have paid for a locker to keep my stuff in before I entered the pool area... . . Anyways dayclub was mediocre. House music only, we'll drinks $11-$15 bucks,small cups, need 3-4 to feel a buzz (ladies please get wristband and don't pay for your drinks for 1 hr).need to get there by 12 to get a spot to sit in the pool if you don't reserve a table or cabana. Party doesn't really get going til about 130 or 2 thou. Needless to say very young crowd.. . Will not be coming back to this dayclub, not what I expected from The Cosmopolitan being a top rated Las Vegas hotel and casino
Overrated and definitely not worth the money.   Spent thousands and was still treated like crap.  With Light and Hakkasan now in play, this place is losing its luster.
