Not so much a fan of this airport.  Is it just me, or do you feel like you've landed in 1985 when you get off a plane here?  The furniture and decor need some serious updating.  And I'm not picky about my airport interior design, but it's just depressing here.  Everything seems so dim and dingy and worn-out.. . And despite free WiFi, there is a major dearth of outlets in this airport.  What outlets we could find were dead, too.  Awesome.. . And sure, the layout *makes sense,* but does everything have to be so spread out?  You'll be excited to fly into A12 and hear your connecting flight is leaving from A22 only to discover you have to walk a mile to get there.  . . There are some good food options, I'll give them that.  I had an excellent burrito at 10 am Phoenix-time, because I was on Eastern-time and starving for lunch, which made people stare at me like I had three heads.  And on the way back through, a bagel breakfast sammie I enjoyed.  You know you're a Yelper when you remember airports by meal.
Hate getting stuck here when I need to eat. There aren't very many choices and after you go through security the choices get even slimmer.  Bluck.  . . However, getting through security generally is better other airports, but that's primarily due to their size.  . . Off site car rental is a drag and adds a lot of extra time.  Always seem to be just missing a bus when I return the car and have to wait.
Not the worst airport and not the best.  I flew in on US Airways which they tend to cater to so it is also their largest terminal.  As luck would have it, I had a connecting flight that landed at the end of terminal B and my connecting flight was at the very end of terminal A.  To top it off, most of the people mover sidewalks were down.  Thankfully, I didn't mind the exercise and I had an hour in between connections.  Had my plane been late or the connection shorter, I would have been pissed at all of the maintenance.  The airport can use some updates and isn't the cleanest but, they at least have plenty of eatery choices.
PHX bills it self as "America's friendiest airport".  SO NOT TRUE.  America's friendliest airport took 3 of 4 moving sidewalks out of service instead of one at a time.  This is area is half of the concourse connector bewtween low A and low B (N2 and N3) in Terminal 4 north.. . Signage: poor to non existent.  If it's there, it's not placed well.. Years and years of poor planning.. . PHX Sky Harbor management would do well to tour other airports to see what ideas they might be able to borrow.  For instance, ditch all the carpet and go with tile.
Leave lots of time if you are using a rental car!  The rental car center is quite far from the airport and you have to wait for the shuttle.  No tram or alternate routes means at least 20 minute process.
I have never been to a more ridiculous airport. DFW seems sane when compared to this place. Don't ever get a connection flight here that switches airlines because I did and found out that all the terminals are separated and can only be reached by leaving the security zone and riding a bus. Now most modern airports would respond to this with a train or moving walkway between terminals so that passengers don't have to leave the secure zone but not here. . .  I will avoid flying here in the future. The one saving grace this place has is that the view of the mountains around is breath taking and even more amazing from the air.
If I ever wanted to feel like I was in a movie I'd rob a bank for the thrill or date a 15 year-old. . . Every time I've made a connection here I've sprinted, shoved my way and slid feet first to the next gate (TERMINAL). Whether I'm on time, late or early. Rieffendiculous! Who the hell is in charge of coordinating the connections?. . I suspect someone is on Colored Time and it pisses me off. . . Also, I 'd like to speak to the architect who designed this airport 'cause this cumulative time consumption is busting my balls. Thanks Shek S.
Yes, I'm spoiled.  I grew up in Denver and enjoyed DIA--the most pristine airport you will ever visit--for the majority of my life.  In comparison, Sky Harbor is just another run-of-the-mill airport.  . . The food sucks.  One time before a flight I had a teriyaki chicken bowl at one of the generic restaurants (I decided this would be one of the most healthy options aside from Quiznos--too many delicious dipping sauces...).  I must not have been thinking about the effects of eating a dish with an astronomical amount of sodium, because my feet swelled so much that I had to remove my shoes during the flight.  Lovely.  . . Parking is a nightmare.  There is no logic the parking garage.  It corkscrews you up and you're suddenly on level 6, without a hint as to the location of the terminal's entrance.  When I flew back home from my trip, I went out to the parking garage to find my car, only to realize that I was in the wrong terminal.  If you're flying on different airlines in and out of Sky Harbor, make note of the terminal where your car is parked!  . . One must take a shuttle between terminals to get between them.  Never fun after a day of traveling.. . I thought it would be relatively painless to simply pick someone up or drop them off here.  What a nightmare.  Especially when you have to reach terminal 2.  . . Beware: terminal 2 has no clearly marked signs for passenger drop off.  I had to circle around and almost ended up back on the 202, all while dodging the rude taxi and shuttle drivers that LOVE to cut me off.  Disastrous when your precious cargo is about to miss their flight.    . . The signs to get back on the 202 aren't very clear either.  I need arrows.  I need signs that say "left lane 202 E"  or "right lane 202 W" (disclaimer:  I have no clue if the right or left lane take you east or west).  How in the world they twist you around each side of every terminal and loop you through to the highway, I have no clue.  . . Obviously, I don't enjoy coming here.  But the hope of enjoying my destination city keeps me coming back.  Plus, I have no other choice.  Unless I buy my own jet.  Even then I will probably still have to deal with the crazy taxi drivers.
Upon further review, I have to update my review of Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport....I must have been lucky the first few times I went through here....either that or this place went downhill fast.  Here's some of my frustrations with this place:. . - The FREE WiFi sucks.....the past 4 times I've been through this airport, I have been unsuccessful in connecting to their WiFi.  I can get the connection on my laptop, but it won't load up any pages.....don't know what the problem is, when I land in Vegas or San Diego, it works just fine there.. . . - Car Rental return lanes through the airport is confusing.  I am willing to bet that 9 out of 10 people who try to find the car rental return lane have to attempt it at least 2 or 3 times to figure it out.....the directions and route is crazy confusing.  The rental center itself is convenient, and the process of returning your car is efficient, but driving there is a disaster.. . - Food options are limited once you go past security.  Not much going on there.. . - Gates have insufficient seating.  I don't get it....there's not enough seats at most of the gates.....it's very crowded and people are cramped all over the place.. . Hopefully, they can upgrade it soon....it needs it.. . Return Factor - 100%, but not by choice.
I strongly dislike this airport. I had to catch a connecting flight from Phoenix to Maui in another terminal. I had no idea I had to leave security, catch a bus, and then go through the TSA line again to get to the other terminal. I have an especially bitter taste in my mouth for Sky Harbor because this is where I lost my college class ring! In my mind the only redeeming part of Sky Harbor is Bar Fly, the coolest airport bar ever.
Definitely not my favorite airport..... . *Horrible food options, no good bars.. *Inefficient, long security lines nearly all the time. *UGLY. *no free wifi (Vegas has spoiled me!). *rental car place is FAR and takes awhile. You have to add an hour to your travel on either side to deal with the rental car pickup/return.. . I wish I could think of something remotely positive about this airport, but I can't !
Get your walking shoes on this airport is pretty spread out without the aid of people movers. Also compared to newer updated airports, there are no power ports and the WiFi never connected on my laptop but worked on my iPhone.. The airport needs some good upgrading in the near future.. Bonus for not loosing my luggage and pick up and drop off locations are convenient and there are a ton of stores and eating places where you could easily have a 24 hr layover and never run out of food options.. I noticed they had little museums scattered about the airport and it would have been fun to look at all of them if I had time.. Security was quick and prompt and this is the first time I had the full body scan... I made sure to suck in my gut and flex.
Terminal 2 is possibly the slowest security  I have ever been through, anywhere. Allow plenty of time especially in the morning.
Your basic airport. Nothing special to get excited about.
I despise this airport.. . I've breezed through check-in and security before, but enough times it's been the utter nightmare from hell so it forces you to arrive 2 hours early for a flight.. . Renting a car here is ridiculous.  It's the absolute longest ride on a shuttle to the "rental car center" that I've ever seen.  I'm not joking.  Add another 15-20 minutes to that 2 hour lead time, folks.  And there are no gas stations around it, probably because if there were it would get robbed daily.. . The fallout shelter design--the place is a concrete bunker, after all--while hardening the facility in the case of a direct nuclear strike, also prevents cell phone reception.  Don't count on being able to call people and say "i'm here, come get me." when you are in baggage claim.. . Phoenix has special place in US aviation.  Yes, it may be one of the only major hub airports that will shut down because it's too damn hot to fly.  Be warned.. . On the plus side, the concessions are fairly decent (if somewhat forgettable), and it's pretty easy to get a non-stop flight to/from here from most places in the country.  Free wi-fi, but that's starting to become the norm rather than the exception.. . Meh.
Really, the only redeeming quality of this garbage airport is the free wi-fi. It gets two stars for that, and that's it.. . The place is huge and it doesn't have any sort of rapid transit to navigate the place. There are just tons of long hallways and those stupid flat escalator things (their name is escaping me, and I'm really tired/pissed at airports right now). We arrived at 9pm and every damn restaurant in the place was closed, so I had to settle for a crappy bag of peanuts for dinner. BLASPHEMY!. . The entire time I was here (2 hours, maybe), I felt like I was in the coldest, most boring, deserted hallway where you could hear a pin drop from miles away; and the airport literally feels like it is miles long.
"It's grey with green and white plaid," I tell the lady at the customer service desk. "Thebrand is Burton.". . My bag. It was up in the air somewhere after they checked it in at the gate, said there weren't any more spaces in the overhead bin. Of course, when I get to my seat, there's a vacuum of space, and the flight attendant didn't check to see when my flight was landing in Cabo. I had a four hour lay-over.. . This gave me plenty of time to wander around Phoenix Sky Harbor. This airport is massive. Shaped like a giant rectangle with four gates connected by long corridors and automatic walkways, it's kind of amazing how much space there is. But take a peek outside the expanse of windows, through the sweltering 110+ degree midday glare you can see why--there's simply not a lot of stuff in Phoenix but desert, a few buildings, and a range of mountains.. . The food here isn't much to write home about, a lot of repeat offenders like Starbucks, Burger King, Cinnabon, and a few local eateries. There's also a few really sad California Pizza Kitchen ASAP kiosks here that are so small they don't even serve pizza, they've got just enough room for a fridge packed with salad. Strange.. . So I'm wandering around the baggage claim area, hoping they didn't lose my luggage. I look at my ticket my baggage re-routing order, "Grey with green and white plat." WTF. And later I find out that my bag was put on the next flight to Cabo, and got there three hours before I did. If there's anything like purgatory here on earth, this is it.
Insanity!  Overcrowding!  Being on one side of the Southwest terminal and then to run your ass to the otherside to make your connecting flight in what seems like a mile away at the otherside of the terminal.  (It is set up like a giant U.  So it is quite the jog).. . The food places in here stink, the bathrooms are cramped and there are not enough seats for everyone waiting for their flight.  . . In short, this airport stinks.  The only saving grace is the quality customer service from the employees.
Hmmm...Phoenix Airport.. . Let's see what we have. The one thing a hub should not do is make it difficult to get from Flight A to Flight B. A mandatory walk across the airport is not good. I bought spinners so I could get around airports on transfers. That carpet will not let you roll yours easily. The bathrooms are minimal in size. Screens you have to squint at to view arrivals and departures are another underwhelming feature there.. .  Oh well. Getting liquored up here at the many bars/restaurants is Ground Harbor's one redeeming feature. They do have some decent southwestern faire though.
Is messy and gates are everywhere! If your gate changes they don't tell you unless you ask, that would have been nice to know considering the fact that i almost missed my flight cause I was NEVER told my gate changed, not only did it change but it was clear on the other side of the freakin airport!!! The food lines are rediculous and the food is WWAAYY over priced!! The cashiers at the shops are more interested in "airport" drama than letting me buy my diet coke and peanuts
Not much to say about C 3 gate except yuk and gross.  Old looking and outdated carpeting and seating.  You better have some good shoes and good wheels on your suitcase.  The carpet was ripped up in places and it doesn't allow for efforlless pushing.  You must pull your bag if you need to get around quickly. . . Really?  You put a food vendor right next to the men's bathroom??  It's already tight enought trying to get in/out of the bathroom as it is with those small doorways.  You have to wait and let the other person pass or your either bang into each other or your luggage will get all caught up.  Stop building trams and restaurants and build better/bigger bathrooms.  . . Now for the coup de grace:   DISGUSTING - especially since I saw a number of men who came out of the stall and didn't wash their hands.  When I came out of the bathroom, two of them were standing in line to get food at California Pizza Kitchen.  Really?? all I could think about was their germ/bacteria laden hands toucing napkins/utensils. Even the money that might have been used to give me change.   CPK?  you need the location/money that bad? . . The seating areas (at least for this terminal) are few and cramped.  I've never seen such self righteous fliers who think their bag deserves a seat  when other people are standing or looking for seating.  Ugh.... SKY HARBOR - Epic #Fail!
This is just an okay airport - the layout is not great, although I do have to give props to them for easy car rental terminals.
The airport is clean and looks like its been recently renovated. I'm not really fond that the rental car location is 10  minutes away though. Also, i dislike how you have to do a full body scan and get your fingers swiped for bomb stuff.. its like... really? out of all the airports ive been to, this is the only one that made me do it. lastly, the US airways employee at the airport booked me the wrong flight.!!! she gave me a ticket but when she put us in teh system, it was to a different place. we ended up staying in phoenix another night since there were no more flights back to so.cal.. NOT COOL! AND, they wouldnt even cover the cost of the hotel. They only offered a discount.. suppppppper lame!
Fuck this airport. TPA represent!
This airport is old.  It feel weary, and wrinkly and sun beaten, much like those old women who look like gila monsters who stayed out in the sun too long during their youth.  The airport layout is confusing with the terminals all in a straight line and piers off those terminals at odd places.  . . In order to get from terminal to terminal, you need to walk.  They do have moving walkways, but people refuse to walk on them.  I hate these people.  Or worse, they don't walk, preferring to amble or perambulate their slow ass down the rubber highway.  I have a limited connection time usually and I don't want to get stuck here, so please move faster.  . . I fly US Airways, and this is their sorriest hub.  Inherited from the merge with America West, it doesn't even feel like a hub.  There are no flat screen monitors for flights waiting you when you deplane.  Instead there are a few monochromatic CRT displays that look like they went with my 386 computer back in the day, running DOS.  SimCity what???. . So I don't like it here.  I'm not sure what they can do to make me like it, but a better way to connect terminals would be a start.
My recommendation: Stay close to your gate because their loudspeakers aren't very...loud. . They have Free WiFi!. . I've been to a lot of airports and PHX is definitely not one of my favorite.  Food, drink, and amenities at this airport are seriously lacking.  These are all important factors to consider when you have a delay or layover and want something decent to eat.  Stay away from eating in the sports bars in this airport.. . But all of what I'm saying really probably doesn't really matter since who really has any choice in airport these days anyways!
99% of people traveling the SAN-SJC/SFO route go directly or through LAX. I decided to be a bit adventurous and span my reach out into the desert to explore PHX, to which I have never been before. Sure it cost me 3 extra hours, but it also solidified the notion in my mind that PHX is a piece of shit. During my 2 hour layover, this is what I discovered:. . - For some reason, one satellite of Terminal A is close to empty, while the other side is barely navigable. . . - There is absolutely no good food options. All you have to choose from is your typical Burger King-style fast food and other chains that seem like a normal option but turn out to be just as bad and tasteless.. . - Everything is just so plain and boring. The walls are a nasty sandy color. The people walking through all have this monotone "don't bother me" look on their face, or maybe that's just what flying does to people these days. The carpets have no life in them, and neither do the employees. It's basically one big shithole.. . - Toilets are complete crap. If I move for just a slight second, that doesn't mean you have to flush everything down and spray water everywhere. That's just disgusting.. . At least they have free Wi-Fi...
Don't believe your flight attendant when they say your connection gate is "just in the next hall over, don't worry, it's not a whole different terminal, you have plenty of time to catch it." Bah! The fail to mention you have to get off the plane, go alll the way to the end of your terminal, then cross the hallways connecting your terminal to the next, and go alll they way down the next lettered terminal. . . On your way on and off the planes it is hot as heck, but I guess we have to blame phoenix for that, not the airport themselves.. . Poor food selection, especially when you are limited to the one cart directly next to your gate since they are already halfway done boarding.
Terminal 2 is very basic and public wifi is a nofi. But I suppose it's not a major united hub, so I wouldn't expect their terminal to be top notch. However, who ever came up with the rental car facility solution should be buried in the middle of the Arizona desert! Not only is it way away from the terminals, it takes forever to get to when dropping the car off!
Takes "sprawl" to a whole new level.  By the time we walked all the way to our "in terminal" rental car, I had lost 5 pounds.
You know - I made my plane but the services here are lame.  The obligatory magazines & snacks shop is here.  A crappy eatery here and there.  A fancy gift shop where you can buy a $400 Navajo made Bolo Tie.  Fortunately there's WiFi so you can spend your time at the terminal surfing the Internets.
As a US Air guy with status I was expecting a lot more from this airport after not having visited for eight years.  It's not a dump but compared to the other US Air hub, Charlotte, it's a dump. . . The food is meh, the terminal layout is meh.. . It's easy to get to from downtown and Scottsdale which is a plus.. . The rental car facility requires a bus transfer but it's pretty quick.. . Maybe there's magic in terminals one and two but three and four are horribly average with minimal places to plug in electronics and the bathrooms are straight from 1981.  bleh
Bleh.  This isn't one of the better airports to fly into or depart from.  Not only is the interior in a serious need of a remodel, the eatery options are limited (with the exception of Terminal 4).  Couple that with the seasonal threat of thunderstorms and it adds up to an airport I try to avoid.  . . The most craptastic feature of this airport is the "U" shape of Terminal 4, with no direct connection between the A and D gates.  This isn't a big deal for people that connect on U.S. Air and Southwest since the airlines are clustered by carrier in the same or nearby gates, but if you have a multi-carrier trip (U.S. Air/Southwest combo for instance), have fun walking 20 minutes from the A to D gates.. . If Phoenix is your destination, note that the off-site rental car counter takes 15-20 minutes to get to with the shuttle bus.
In general Sky Harbor is lacking in almost every way.  It must be the most profitable major airport in the US because you can tell they don't spend any money making it a nice place.. . This review has sections: Food, Terminal spaces quality, Security. . Food.... Sky Harbor really needs to step up the game making each terminal section have equal choice/quality of food. I'm not saying they all need 5 star places, just make them equal. This is a busy airport - get some decent places. Airports like Seattle, Denver, etc put Phoenix to shame. . One gate area has only crappy hot dogs or burger king (barf king). I refuse to buy that swill.. . Terminals.... As Jasen F pointed out, the terminals are a dump. The ONLY exception is the Southwest spot in Terminal 4 which as been completely redone. Bravo to them... it is the only decent place in Sky Harbor.. . Security.... The one smart/good thing they did was put security at each terminal so there are more lanes overall and less bottlenecks. The bad thing is they use body scanners so this slows it down a ton... makes things 3 to 5 times longer per person.
This airport is fine. Gets the job done, but it is not an airport I would choose to spend an extended amount of time in.  There simply isn't much that is exciting to eat or buy here.  Most other good-sized airports that I have been in have much better dining and shopping options for those of us with layovers.
1. Who's idea was it to space out the terminals to point that there are only about 8 gates at each corner? which leads to.... 2. The food available at each corner is so limited and mundane that unless you have 2 hours to walk around, you're stuck eating at 1 of 3 options available. which leads to.... 3. I HAVE NO IDEA WHERE I AM!!! and.... 4. where are the seats? where are the outlets? where's the mofucking water fountain???. . You'll be saying "Where" a lot here.
I don't mind the airport itself butthe wait for baggage is ridiculous.  45 minute flight home from Vegas and 30+ minute wait on baggage. Insane!
This airport is HUGE! It offers great restaurants, gift shops a lot of options for drinks and food. The restrooms are ok but usually crowded. The airport itself is well maintained clean and the staff are friendly. The most frustrating part of this airport is the baggage claim process. Numerous times I have waited close to 30 to 40 minutes for my baggage. Over the years I thought this would improve but it hasn't.
Phoenix is not memorable and I've had some less desirable experiences here from what I do remember.  The food selections are limited (as others have stated), and the airport just looks so dated at the gates.  I hate hubs in general, and the fact that this is USAirways hub is even worse.  They even tried to stick me in some horror motel room because they oversold the flight...ugh.  The best part about the airport was leaving so I could enjoy my vacation at a Scottsdale resort.
As a forewarning this review may be slightly biased because my home airport is SFO.. . I was there for an emergency flight so I needed internet access and a plug for my tablet. First off, the seating area for Continental Airlines is really small. To charge my tablet I had to go in a little tiny corner where I spotted a an outlet. There were other outlets on the floor, but they were all taken up. Even worse, there were other people standing around until it was available.. . Overall, the feel of the airport was outdated and definitely needed more outlets!
It is so hard to come up for a rating for this airport because as a air traveler, it is really not that bad.  They have been making an effort in the last few years to make the place more comfortable.  Adding wi-fi, some better restaurants, etc.  And security lines are pretty short considering the volume of people they have going thru there on any given day.. . It is the outside of the airport that is a big problem.  Picking up and dropping off people is a nightmare.  The cell phone lots have made this a little easier but they are so hard to find.  The access roads for this place are like a freakin' maze and the signage is not helpful at all.  Once you do pick up your friend/family member, trying to get out of the place is so frustrating.  Even though I have driven to this airport at least 50 times, I always seem to have trouble finding my way back to I-10 and usually end up coming out the west exit instead of the east one where I want to be.  It is insanely frustrating.  If you are not picking up/dropping off then you are in even worse shape.  The rental car facilities and long term offsite parking options are fantastic but most people from out of town simply can't find them and even if you've been there before it is a real challenge.. . I know it would be a major overhaul to improve the airport access but at least improve your road signs, please!
It's an airport....... . The taxi guys were nice though.
So this airport is known as the nicest.. that is pretty cool and the employees are definitely nice but that doesn't matter when its a huge pain to get from one terminal to the other.. . I happened to make the mistake of getting on the wrong bus from the rental car area..along with two other people. We ended up at the wrong terminal to find out that busses dont drive around to all of them. grrr..so we had to walk through the terminal to the other side and take another bus that takes you between terminals. This took quite a while... luckily I had the time, but one of the other people had to sprint to make his flight.. . This is a bit surprising and annoying for what looks to be an airport with some newer renovations. They really should have some sort of terminal connect train.
Arrving at Sky Harbor at 1AM was not the issue (it was empty), but my departure back home was almost a complete wreck.. . So apparently this weekend, Nascar (among 1,000 other things) was in town.  I had a 12:40AM to ATL Monday morning.  Leaving Hohokam Park around 9PM (about 6-7 miles from SH), I didn't get to the f'n car rental center (a whole different story) until 10:30.  . . Who's genius idea was it to close the airport exit and re-direct traffic from a 4 lane to a one-lane bottleneck into the airport?  That could have been the dumbest, most inefficient thing I have seen since DC shut the interstate near RFK.  Traffic was unbelievable.  And I didn't realize it took another 15 minutes to get to the car rental "center".. . After finally getting to the terminal, check in was slow, considering the amount of people they should have been expecting (they had red-eyes going to CHI, JFK, and ATL, amongst other places).  Getting to security was ridiculous- I would have rather gotten a handy from TSA then the circus they were running.  Apparently, waving my sunscreen in the air "who's is this?"  I should have told them it was my buttplug.   I told them, they said I could check it, but I couldn't let it go.  Cya, sunscreen.  . . Another fascinating aspect was I had my cough syrup, hand sanitizer, and my lighter on me.  They could care less about the lighter.  The hand-gel - gone.  And my syrup, they made me take my stuff, and open it, they were testing it for God-only-knows. They didn't care about checking my ID to make sure the contents were mine though, just to make sure it wasn't on their list?  Is that not ass-backwards?. . Finally getting through, there wasn't shit open to eat or shop, a big no-no for people trying to get the hell home- I mean after taking 2 hours to go 6 miles that gets you hungry!. . The actual airport itself was dated in some parts, but it was clean, its only saving grace.. . IMO, this place has a long ways to go to be a well oiled machine, which is a huge disappoinment being a gateway to the west.
This is my regular stop coming from PHL to SFO/SJC. I wish I wouldn't stop here and either stop at O'Hare or Denver. However... from the time I have to leave, this is one of the cheaper flights available. . . With a 2 hour layover there's not much to eat here in terms of good restaurants. There's a sports bar, couple sandwich places, CPK, and a burrito bar. The layout of terminal 4 is frustrating. To get from one side to the other without going back through security, you would have to take 6 walking escalators to get to the other shops and gates. Eg. Going form US Airways to Southwest Gates.. . The whole airports needs an overhaul. With the brown looking carpets, and with the shops that are already closed for construction, it really does not feel modern. . . The only good thing is that they have LCD monitors with Basketball/Sports playing waiting at the gates.
"The friendliest airport in America..." God help us... Basically I view this airport in the same way that I view AZ as a whole... Fake, rude, and somewhere I only go out of necessity. Very excited to go back to beautiful, friendly, and delicious New Mexico!
My experience here is not one that has a lot to cover. I was pretty much in and out here so I can't really give a glowing report. Usual fashion the better restaurants are in the main terminal and if you head out to security you end up on one of the satelites and then you have limited selections. I do wish that there were more connections ports for power as many people were wainting in line to power their various mobile devices. I have been in many a better airport than this, nothing overly negative, just nothing to write home about.
Very confusing airport.  For an International Airport, I would have expected a more luxury feel.  Definitely not the airport you would want to get stuck for hours in.  I flew southwest and Gate C and D did not have great restaurant choices or stores to look in.  You have to walk what feel likes miles to buy a water or grab a magazine, and food.
This place used to be better, but lately, it's turning into a bus stop in the not so good section of town.. . I'm just referring to using PHX as a change planes location, not as a start/final destination.. . Services offered while waiting for your next flight?  Blah.  Nice that the seats don't have the arm rests on them, so if you can, there is the possibility of stretching out.  Don't do it if the gate is packed.. . Someone needs to offer the local restaurants an incentive to open up in the airport here, there are lots of great places to eat in and around PHX....just none at the airport.
This airport does not have many amenities, especially in terminal 2.  They have improve what is there but there is mostly just a bunch of wasted space because Alaska Airlines only has 6 or 7 flights per day in and out of here and if you have time to kill, bring a good book or a fully charged laptop so you will have something to occupy yourself with!!
it's not a very good airport they dot not have the  airlines listed next to the terminal signs when you enter the airport and you have to drive a couple miles if you wanted to rent a car. the inside is not all that in terminal 2,3 or 4.
As a frequent flier especially out of Phoenix i have to be honest that Sky Harbor is just a terrible Airport. Lately there has been a ton of construction that makes it impossible to get around and the signs for where the terminals are located just dont work. If your looking for which one of the 4 terminals your plane is leaving from you better know before you get there because your not going to find a sign that tells you. Luckily i know the airport well but its just a terrible system. THough they are now doing some construction to try and fix things (I hope).. . Parking is a mess with the spiral parking garages and getting in. The one nice thing is the cell phone waiting lots that are actually really useful and pretty accommodating for a large airport. Parking cheap is just a good distance away on washington and is worth it if you have the time and AAA discounts. . . Inside the airport needs updating but is still better than many of the other airport in the country. Overall the inside is one of the best part of the airport with a good amount of places to eat and drink and alright walking between the different gates. Overall Sky harbor is a low level to middle of the pack airport that is going through some hopefully necessary upgrades but a mess otherwise especially for out of town people.
PHX:. . Right now, the Phoenix airport is more of a 2 star airport, but it is undergoing a lot of renovations so I applaud the effort.  Sky Harbor International has an incredibly long way to go before it can be considered in the same class as some of the nicer international airports, let alone inside the U.S.  The terminals feel drab and dingy.  The old Southwestern-patterned carpets don't help, though there are eye-pleasing murals decorating the walls of some concourses.  Relatively low ceilings and limited window views of the outside coupled with dense passenger traffic can make some sections of this airport feel downright claustrophobic.. . Seriously though, entering this airport feels like taking a step back in time.  Remember the retro Taco Time theme of brown and burnt orange?  That's what Sky Harbor feels like.  Speaking of food, the restaurant selection here is abysmal.  Fortunately, the aforementioned renovations include the addition of several new eateries including local concepts.  There's currently a lot of on-going construction.. . At least the future is bright for Phoenicians.. . Free Wi-Fi.
A very meh airport. I recently had to make two layovers here and I've got to say, it's not a great layover airport. Horrible food options and very few of them within reasonable walking distance so if you don't have alot of time, you're screwed. One of the most miserable things here was the lack of seating and overall cramped atmosphere in the gate areas. They cramp a dozen gates in a small area and it's a mess. Lines for different flights intertwining and the like. . . The disorganization mixed with flight delays just made for a very stressful flight.
After my fourth visit here I no longer can give this airport a pass for a bad day. . . It's 7pm, not a shop or restaurant is open, this has been every trip. So much for eating on a layover. . . Gates and airport in general are dingy and unkempt, dirty carpets, full trash cans, funny smell.
As soon as you get off the plane you feel like you've landed in 1980s. Seriously, the furniture, decor, and the monitors are completely from "Back to the Future." I couldn't believe my eyes, it is not 2012?  " I'm not picky about my airport interior design, but it's just depressing here." -MacRae O. said it best  . . I didn't have a long layover so I can't comment on the phone options. There is WiFi and no hassle so that is why it gets two stars, but hopefully they will have more updates in the future.
B/C I can get to this airport using public transportation ill give it 4 stars, b/c i got a ticket from picking up my luggage for 5 seconds because it came in late and i got a ticket -2 and i was about to get towed in less than 5 mins i hate this place lol!!
This airport really sucks.  The layout for one is ridiculous.  I felt like we spent most of our two hour layover walking from one terminal to the next just to grab a quick meal.  The saving grace was Paradise Cafe.  It was the only high quality and decently priced place to get a meal that both my child and I would like.  If you're traveling alone I'm sure you can find other places but having a kid really limits the choices!  Also they have a complete lack of power outlets!  Most airports these days have a long row of nice leather chairs with outlets in the arm, but PHX is lacking this.  You just have to hope you can get a seat by one of the columns with an outlet in it, but then you get the death stare from ten other people when you plug in!
Not a fan of the airport being 10 miles away from car rental... Easy to get around but plan extra time for the shuttle ride.
PHX is truly one of the worst airports out there. It's outdated, too small for the crowd, and amenities are definitely lacking. It just doesn't get much worse than this airport.. . Also the security lines are just crazy abnormally long during odd hours of the days.... More so than other airports of similar size. So make sure you have enough time planned in advanced when getting through this airport.
NEEDS BETTER FOOD!!! Even Oakland upgraded... get with it Phoenix!!!
This has to be one of the worst airports ever!  If you get dropped off (or picked up), you get yelled at for taking too long. Then they have double "parking" on drop off so you get yelled out for not being able to move. Huh?  Once inside you're kind of on your own...not a lot of signs to direct you to the right place. If you ask for help, you will more than likely be "greeted" with an unfriendly "yeah".  The only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because they do have free wifi.
Great restaurants here, but can they get a flight out on time?  Leaving PHX for SFO was almost an hour late and returning to HNL from PHX was 40 minutes late.. . Geez...at least I was able to get there and didn't have other connecting flights.
Sky Harbor is one poor gateway to the city of Phoenix and the Valley of the Sun.  It is outdated, super crowded, it feels dirty and it is the home of US Airways, the biggest carrier in and out of this airport.. . Terminal 4 is configured rather poorly.  The terminal reminds me of a backwards E, like the second E in EMIN3M, except that there is another prong to the backwards E.  The concourses are not spacious at all, the seating limited, and consequently the crowds spill out into the walkway areas.. .  . To go from one end of Terminal 4 to the other necessitates using really narrow moving walkways which are on the spine of the E.  It is really hard to maneuver if you want to pass the throngs given the limited space.  The distances are long, the bruises will be many, either to you but most likely given by you as you negotiate your way between flights.. . The other thing that must be mentioned is that Sky Harbor is not a business person's airport but rather a tourist airport.  I think that contributes a lot to the chaos.  When an airport is full of amateurs, like Sky Harbor, there are bottlenecks of humanity in all the wrong places.  Further exacerbating the tourist nature of this airport are the snowbirds who flock here so that they can seek skin cancer in all months of the year, not just summer in their native habitats of the Upper Midwest.. . Get going on the remodel since it is long overdue and make sure you take in mind the tourists and the business traveler when updating this airport.
I expected more from Phoenix (I don't know why).  The terminals are SOOOOO far from each other and the skyshuttle isn't open yet so depending on the length of your layover you may get some exercise from running.  Flew on US Airways and didn't find many food options in a few terminals which was disappointing.  Not impressed.
Short Answer: Meh.. . Long Answer: Old.  Smelly.  Terminals that are absurdly far from each other. Yup, just about what I expected from Phoenix.. . I can't really HATE on the place: my flight wasn't delayed for example.  The AC didn't seem to be working well, but it's hot outside and that happens.. . But this is US Air's hub: I expected at least more than one restaurant every 200 ft.  The whole thing feels like it's slowly gotten bigger and bigger with no thought for central planning.  . . The free WiFi is cool but a lot of airports have that now too.  It's ok, jut not anything exciting.
Living in Yuma, AZ I pretty much fly out of Phoenix every time I travel.  The airport is huge.  If you are flying to or from Yuma put your running shoes on.  Connecting times in addition to delays will sometimes leave you with 10 minutes to get to the next gate that is like 1/4 mile away.  My suggestion is to flag down one of those speedy cart guys.  food options are decent.  there's a cool Tex-mex place in Terminal A.
Terminal 3 doesn't have the most intuitive signs especially when you need to exit to change terminals.  However, the airport tram is being built right now and parts should be open in the next year or so..   Internet is spotty most likely due to number of users.  If you desperately need to get work done, don't count on getting a stable signal in parts of this airport.  However WiFi is Free
Waited at the gate on the plane for a half hour because we arrived early. What? One concourse, 8pm, 50 hungry people, one eatery, on a Friday evening makes a grumpy traveler-plus, I had to search around for a bit to find a screen to find where my connecting flight was. -Not my favorite airport.
Dirty, grungy, 80s carpet with the matching smell. This airport is very old (or old looking) the food courts serve terrible food and the restaurant in there are not much better. I have seen better looking airports in develpoing countries
This airport is easy to navigate however their gate system for us air SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!  I came in at the end of the concourse at a rotunda at gate B12. I only had to go a few gates over, to gate B17 I was like kewl I won't have to walk far.  NOPE!!!!  I had to walk all the way back up the concourse to gate B1, and take the HUGE walkway to the other concourse where the rest of the B gates are. WHAT A BAD DESIGN
It's an airport, and you don't (ordinarily) spend a lot of time there, so why review? First, on the arrival, our baggage took an INORDINATELY long time to come out. It was just ridiculous. I am accustomed to long waits at DFW (where no one actually works in baggage retrieval). But here it was even worse. There was no organization and throngs of people stood around and then scurried to another carousel as changes were announced. We waited and waited and waited forever. The second gripe is that the TSA seems to be inconsistent with practices followed in every other airport I have used in the rest of the US. That may be the TSA and not the airport's fault, but why here? Overall, my experience was less than favorable.
I flew into the Phoenix airport on a Southwest flight. I had a connecting flight in another terminal but it was so frustrating to get to in this weird airport. Don't get me wrong, it's modern and very beautiful. There are gorgeous views of the red rocks and mountains of Phoenix. But all that beauty is overshadowed by the poorly organized airport. All of the information boards only provided flight information for that terminal. Which is great if you're staying in one terminal but when you have a connecting flight or you're switching carriers then it's really frustrating. There should be more information available. . . Also, there was no way for me to find a way to another terminal. There are no information booths and if there was then it was well hidden from me. I finally asked a TSA security guy if he could help me find my flight. He told me I'd have to take a shuttle to another terminal. I was surprised that in 2012 this airport that seems so modern did not have a train that connected all of the terminals. My surprise quickly turned to anger because if you are switching terminals then you must go through security again! I had purchased jam at the airport and presented my receipt showing that it was a purchase within the airport but it was still confiscated. Dumb.. . Phoenix, please embrace all parts of modernity and build a freaking tram between terminals.
A confusing airport to drive in and out of, but flying in is pretty easy and the baggage claim is all in one spot. I had an easy time getting in as well to check in for my flight, but be prepared to walk from one side to another if you have to switch gates. I like the free wifi and that there are food options if you need a quick bite.
While riding the moving walkway I wondered why Sky Harbor was built in such a way that it's always a far walk from gate to gate. Maybe there wasn't a lot of land to make longer rows of gates, or they couldn't use a curved or circular system instead of wing after wing after wing of gates.. . I landed in A Terminal and did the math in my head on board that there were maybe 10 gates between where I landed to where I was leaving from, but it turned out to be in a whole different wing which was probably 10 to 15 minutes away via two moving walkways and a pretty good walk down two corridors of gates.. . Once you arrive at your gate there are few chairs and fewer outlets to recharge your phone or iPod.  Some of the gates are jammed together so it's hard to tell which gate is which and which flight is departing.  It's the usual set of shops with some newer food choices none of which have so far been outstanding.  Even the club closes relatively early.. . So I always dread changing planes in Phoenix unless I check all my bags and have a very small carryon and have plenty of time to get from gate to gate and then my flight leaves almost right away.  My vision of hell is being loaded down with bags and trying to change planes in Phoenix with little time to spare and then once getting to the gate discovering my flight has been delayed... something to which anyone who has flown through Sky Harbor can certainly relate!
Probably my least favorite major west coast Airport because of its lack of amenities, long waits on the runway, always using US Airways here and I feel like this place has the most planes being shut down with service problems than any other airport around. (I understand heat is an issue)
This airport is one of the worst I've ever been to, in terms of layout. The only positive thing is that there are so many entry points into the four (FOUR) different terminals that the wait to get through TSA is decently short.. Did I mention that the four terminals are not connected in any way? Means that, if you have a connecting flight with a different airline, be sure you have at least two hours between flights so you can get from terminal to terminal.
Most confusing airport ever! I've been to quite a few airports and I've never seen an airport so difficult to navigate, that includes walking around inside and driving on the roads outside.  Just very poor signage.  Airport is nicely updated though...
Not a horrible place, but certainly not good.. . I landed in one concourse of the A terminal and flew out of another within the same terminal.  I walked through the first and saw several food options which gave me hope for my options near my departure gate.  Unfortunately after my long walk to the other concourse I found there to be very limited options.  This I cannot understand.  Both concourses had a similar number of gates, yet one was loaded with options and the other completely lacked them.  Of course by the time i walked to my departure gate I did not have time to wander back to the other concourse, so I settled for a lesser option near my gate.. . Just hope you do not have to change terminals or rent a car.  Either requires a bus trip.  That is a big pet peeve of mine.  At least you do not have to take a train like in Atlanta or Denver.. . The last issue I will cover in this review is the fact that Southwest and US Airways hold most of the spots at this airport.  That is enough reason not to fly here.
Unimpressed.  This airport is carpeted which simply grosses me out.  In addition, there are not that many food options passed security.  I know we won't starve but there is nothing healthy and at 8 AM, very limited options for something more savory than breakfast.. . The airport is also confusing.  There is no efficient way to navigate between major terminals.  To rent a car, you have to board a shuttle and ride for 20 minutes. It's obnoxious.  . . The USAir check in was also a cluster with three different sections offering three different services which made it MORE confusing than it needed to be to simply check in with luggage.  Annoying.. . My patience is never on point at an airport but in this case, they need to take some notes from IND.. . On the upside, Wi-Fi is free (which is rare).
I land in Terminal C and have to get to Terminal D.. Shouldn't be too hard.... . 3 MILES LATER I FINALLY ARRIVE.. . Why are the terminals so flipping far apart?! I have a 50 minute layover and I spent nearly 20 min dashing to my gate!. . Boo.
My recent experience at Phoenix wasn't the greatest.  I was connecting there and, as usual, we were behind schedule and they decided my connecting flight would be in another terminal WAY WAY WAY at the other end of the airport.  Gotta love these connecting itineraries.  Anyways, we were rushing and the one impression this airport left on me was that their moving walkways are way too small.. . The moving walkways are literally the width of 1.5 people without luggage.  Add luggage and there is no utility to the "stand right, walk left" display they always hang overhead.  People chose to stand on the walkway, talking on their cellphones while their luggage is taking up the whole space.  Obviously, running while on a moving walkway is a much faster way to make your connecting flight, but not if you are caught behind someone chatting up a storm on their "cool" bluetooth headset, not listening to you huffing and puffing right behind them.  . . Luckily, we made our flight, and I have yet to check out the restaurants and shops here, but my impression so far is this is the last place I want to connect.  Unless I have a 4 hour layover and have ample time to walk a mile or two, while talking and looking cool and ignoring others.  This would be the perfect airport to do that.
I don't like this airport very much in particular the US Airways terminals. They need updating, more power outlets, renovated bathrooms, etc. Terminal B is just horrendous.. I only gave them the two stars because of the Southwest terminals which are great or else it would only been the single star! If you travel through here try to avoid the US airways terminals if you can.
To me, this airport is way more complicated than it needs to be. Security sucks, they have it set up horribly with everyone shoved in a corner and the people are mean. I'm not a dumb traveller, i follow the rules and have everything opened and placed quickly so that I can go through security as fast as possible. They still, however, insist that I go through the full body scanner ("the violator"), and have even criticized my clothing choice (the zippers on the ankles of my skinny jeans should not cause alarm, seriously). . . The way that the terminals are separated, with specific restaurants in different areas, makes it so you have to walk forever through a maze of people, employees etc. It's just ridiculous. The have advertisements of being "America's friendliest airport"... but compared to Portland, that's a bad joke. I'd much rather fly to Tucson, at least they have more space and the people are nicer.
Horribly designed airport.  I have never been to an airport where I have to pass through security again when making connections to another airline (except international destinations).  Can any of your readers give another airport that requires this?  Dark, dirty, crowded concourses.  I try to go through Denver instead, but not always possible.  I fly 35-40 times/year.  Not a friendly airport, regardless what the signs promote.
Average airport. The layout of the place is pretty odd. Its spread out pretty far and wide (lots of walking). On-site rentals would be nice, but not here. Taking a shuttle to the 3 different terminals is a bit of pain as well, especially when your airline is different then what is printed on your ticket.
Most of this airport seems reallynice. The security wasn't bad, but it was late afternoon, so I think we caught a good time.. . I, however, got stuck in the Delta terminal, and it was the worst airport experience of my life. First of all, there was a Starbucks that closed at six pm, y'all. SIX. There was this little burrito place that my friend and I decided to eat at because our only other options were Wendy's or a gift/convenience shop. That food was just.. no. It was not the worst I've ever had, but I wish I'd have gotten Wendy's. We were told it was the oldest wing of the airport.. . The lady in the gift shop was really nice and told us our options, which was to go back out and then come back through security, or pick one of the two whole options inside. It was tiny, old, and definitely not built for the 21st century.
I've never been a fan of Phoenix's Sky Harbor. Seems liek I always have to switch concourses or at least the wing of the concourse and my flights usually get delayed.. . Not sure what the reasons are, but it makes me want to take measures to avoid this airport and I fly ALOT!
What a cluster this airport is! It is dark and drab and the people who work here are not very friendly (unlike they claim to be). My boyfriend and I recently had a layover here. When we arrived, we were informed that our flight would have am hour and a half delay. We were ok with this as it gave us time to get a bite to eat. 20 min before our flight was supposed to leave, they made an announcment that our gate was changed TO THE OPPOSITE SIDE OF THE AIRPORT! . . As we speed walked our way with the rest of the passengers on our 100% full flight, we realized that they changed two more flights to the section we were going to. Once we arrived, they announced that a flight was changed BACK to the original gate. The announcement was so unclear that many people on our flight started heading back when the airport personel finally clarified that it was one of the other flights that changed back.. . These people need to get it together.
Wish I could have avoided this airport not going to lie...  doing the 3 total hours I was here I heard over 5 different delays on arrivals and departures.  the pictures help out ALLOT....  it sums it up long hall ways with nothing to look at in them halls either...  it takes about 10-20 minutes to walk from 1 end to the other and during that walk, i'd like to at least listen to some music or something but they had nothing.... Maybe its because I'm so use to Denver International Airport "DIA" but this airport doesn't even compare.. Just Saying
Dave goes to New Mexico part 1.. . Well, I already reviewed my home airport - John Wayne, so I will say that I started my long travel day there after the quick drive from home. John Wayne was, as always, clean and pretty efficient.. . My plane landed at Phoenix Sky Harbor at about 10:00.  I was meeting my boss who was coming in from Ontario.  We were heading to New Mexico.  We had about 90 minutes to kill in Phoenix.. . The restaurants are pretty slim pickings inside security at Phoenix.  My boss needed a pair of sunglasses since she forgot hers.  There was no place to buy sunglasses inside security.  Neither of us wanted to leave the secure area because of the lines to get back to the gates.  We just decided to try to find some seats and wait out or layover.. . Not my favorite airport experience.
BLUH. Just...bluh. . . I had a layover in Phoenix when I was in the process of moving to ABQ and the airport was...gross. I really don't know how to describe it other than crusty and needing a massive scrub down. Then when it came to the overhead announcements, you couldn't understand what the staff were saying because the intercom kept going out and you'd catch particles of their message. That was pretty annoying since I had to SPRINT across the airport to reach my connecting flight and it wasn't displayed on the screens for some random reason. . . I'm just hoping I don't have to use them again any time soon as a connection point to visit family back in California!
Very confusing... North South 1,2,3 or 4 and where do I pick up the rent a car shttle.  I do like the close car waiting areas but pay attention or you'll be looping around alot.
If you're heading to Terminal 3, make sure to eat and get coffee BEFORE going through security. Food/shopping option in the terminal are terrible!
Crowded with overpriced food :(
An Ode to the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport TSA. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. . F*ck you PHX Airport TSA. F*ck you. . . I flew into PHX from Jacksonville, FL a few days ago. When I was in the security line at JAX, I realized I had forgotten my driver's license in my running shorts at home. I freaked and broke out in a cold sweat. I thought for sure I wasn't getting on the plane. Then I remembered I have a concealed weapons permit, took it out and hoped for the best. . . The TSA agent that checked my ID was very pleasant and said the ID was fine since I also had alternative means of proving that I was me. Those other items were my social security card, and believe it or not, a SAM's Club membership card which has my photo on it. They let me through, no problems. . . Fast forward to today when I'm at PHX and trying to head back to Jacksonville. . The TSA agent says that my concealed weapon permit won't work even though I also showed him the same pieces of ID that I showed the agent in JAX. He called a manager. The manager said I could go through but would have to be "escorted" by him as a +1. Let me explain to you what a plus one means.... . It means they make you go through the peek-a-boo - I see you - X-Ray machine, THEN you get pulled over to the side and thoroughly frisked like a prison inmate, THEN they thoroughly go through all your shit even after it too had just passed through an X-Ray machine. Due to this, I had to throw away my hair product because apparently it was slightly too many ounces. Not happy about this. That hair product has passed through a number of airports with no problems BUT NOT AT PHX! . . Anyway, I'm sitting here in the terminal waiting for my flight, writing this review, stewing. I know I should be happy that I got through but Im not. . . The TSA website says (I checked it before I ever came today):. .          'Adult passengers (18 and over) are required to show a U.S. federal or state-issued photo ID in order to be allowed to go through the checkpoint and onto their flight.'. . On What Planet is a Concealed Weapon Permit, issued by the STATE of FLORIDA Not a STATE ISSUED photo-ID? . .         - It has my photo on it, my name, DOB, sex and race..         - It's Issued by the state of Florida. . What am I missing here!? So it doesn't have my address on it... Big f*cking deal! Why do you have to know my address!? You're trying to identify me, not pick me up for a date! . . In addition, I had to go through an extensive background check to obtain that concealed weapon permit. ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS BREATHE AND KIND OF KNOW HOW TO DRIVE A CAR to get a driver's license. . . Look.... I know I'm the dumb ass for forgetting my driver's license but at what point did people lose the ability to use common sense? This was a ridiculous waste of everyone's time, in addition to being very frustrating. Have the terrorists won by default? Maybe they have.. . //end Ode. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. . So why 2 stars? Why not 1? Why not zero, half a star, a quarter of a star, negative stars? Well... because that isn't an option. Although, as anyone who has been through a shitty experience like this can attest, it would be phenomenal if it were possible.. . The other reason for two stars is because this listing is for the PHX Airport as a whole and not just the TSA. . . I look at airports like this:. . 1. Security is 60% of the review and what causes the most amount of anxiety                            for me so it weighs heavily on the total rating. .    . 2. Then there's 25% for dining and drinking options.  . 3. 15% Everything else.. . That said, PHX as a whole is decent. They have free WIFI which is always appreciated and they have a convenient bus system that runs on the regular to take you to the rental car building. . . I didn't get to peruse the dining options so I can't comment on that. Even if I had, I couldn't stomach dropping more than 2 stars after today. . . I know I'll be going back to PHX Airport. There's no way around it for me. I can certainly tell you that I won't forget my driver's license again. And with 100% assurity, I can also tell you... the PHX TSA WILL NOT be getting a Christmas card from me this year.
This is a very strange review for me because my entire experience at this airport was unbelievable. . . First point to note: none of the terminals are internally connected. This means that you have to exit the terminal, take the shuttle, the go through security check again in your second terminal. Not cool especially when you are traveling with a grandmother who needs wheelchair assistance.. . Second point: if you're flying united or transferring to united, you're in for a surprise seeing as the united terminal is the original terminal from the 60s. Food places close very early and are all located closer to the front of the terminal.. . Third point: if you're taking a flight with someone who needs wheelchair assistance, you'd better hope that your flight is earlier because once you get past maybe 11pm, anyone who might have been able to help you will have disappeared.. . I hope I never had a layover here again.
TSA just ignore when I had a question and told me to ask someone else....wow really. . I want to know where I can mail out a postcard and this card just push me aside.  Now the trip is ending and I am over the fact that yes i am a freak of nature cause im asian...yea thats how i felt and i said it.  So all i want is to get an answer on where i can mail out a postcard, no harm no foul no bad intent.. . Other than that...this airport is a little dull, I have to admit that there are some very nice people but I just felt overall, this airport is a bit racist...
This place smelled like old/overripe bananas immediately upon entering and the fountain water tasted wrong and was warm. Like, warmer than room temperature warm. Actively warm. . Even the fountain drink I got with my food tasted like the bad water, just fizzier and with flavoring. What the h, Phoenix?. . One star given because at least I got the heck out of there in one piece. And one other star because even though there is no normal (read: non-sit down/expensive) airport food within reasonable distance of pretty much allof the gates (I was flying Southwest, leaving out of gate D3), at least you can get a decent amount of exercise walking from your gate to the place you want to eat lunch before getting the heck out of here again. (In my case, a hike all the way to the A gates and back.). . This place frightens me for a lot of reasons (giant fake boobs, people whose skin looks like leather, and peroxide out the wazoo to name a few) and I have never intentionally ended up on a layover here. I accidentally did for the second time ever today, and from this point on I will be planning to actively avoid this airport in the future. . . Sorry, PHX. Even though it's only one letter different, you are wayyyy too different from PDX to make the cut. Hopefully we will not cross paths again. . If you end up here, good luck!
I'm just not a fan of this place.. . The airport is too big and too spread out, it's outdated, and no one is very friendly. I've flown into PHX four times in the past year, and I hate it more with every trip. . . It seems like the airport isn't well thought out; they just took advantage of all the space and spread everything out too much. And heaven forbid you have a rental car - enjoy that trip around the sun.
I do not like to wait in line.. I do not like the security grind.. I do not like the extra fees.. I do not like the knocking knees,. while floods of people swarm like bees,. around food reminiscent of Apple Bees.. I do not like the extreme crowds.. Or how all the announcements aren't very loud.. And when I want a juice - oh no,. the wait to pay is OHso slow.. . I do not like this, Can(adian) I am.. I do not like this traffic jam.
This review is specifically for the Security checkpoint for Southwest Airlines - I think it was terminal D. . . I am not sure if it was because of the government shut down but for whatever reason, TSA moved reallllly slow. I had gotten to the airport 1.5 hours ahead of my flight. No checked bags. Went straight to security and barely made my flight. . . NOT. OK. The line was not even that long when I got to security. Of course, by the time I put my bag on the conveyor belt and I looked back - the line had grown exponentially. . . PREPARE FOR SLOW SERVICE. the absolute worst when you're trying to get home. . . I would tell you about all the other places (ie. shops, restaurants, wifi) but I didn't get to experience it because of the the SLOW service.
I can honestly say that I dislike this airport. Actually,  I haven't left it yet, so that dislike might turn to hate by the time I leave.  Listen,  we get it. People hate smokers.  We know you hate us but we don't really care. Put us outside and make us huddle together like the criminals that you think we are and we'll do it. But what I won't do, is walk a couple of miles inside just to get to the outside, then walk allllllll the way to the end of the building. This is a huge airport, and it's hot here.  I made the as far as I could, and still had a ways to go before I got to the designated smoking area.  By the time I got there, I was sweating and my arms and back ached. But I had my one cigarette, and repeated the process all over again, this time adding the security checkpoint. Now I'm cranky and hungry, but everything is too expensive here. Can't wait to leave! One more thing, I am currently sitting next to a gentleman who was nice enough to let me plug into his laptop as there is one plug in the entire terminal.  Awesome.
Wow. I've been in this airport a lot, but only for connecting flights. I've never gone through security here before. I live in OKC and love our sweet little airport, but departing from Sky Harbor, I now appreciate how well-designed and thoughtfully considered our airport is. . . So, here are just a few things that I think need a serious overhaul:. . -They didn't check my ID as I went into the line for TSA. They only looked at my boarding pass. This is weird, because it seems to me this is the one place where you have enough control to make sure you check every single person's ID against the name on the boarding pass. . . -The lines for security are whack. You pick from one of three lines, which we will call A, B and C that feed to two people, who we will call right and left. Well, left is not only pulling from A, she's also pulling from D, the pre-approved frequent travelers who use a different line. Then you have right taking from C. No one is taking from B, which unfortunately was the line I was in. Other travelers clearly saw that we had been there for a while. When the third person who arrived after us breezed through without regard, I finally got pushy and spoke up. Why not have one line that feeds into the next available agent? . . -The bag scanning line is built around a 90-degree angle, so you have to move your bags several times. There is also not much room to line up so you can't work very far ahead of your exact turn to walk through, so you waste a lot of time standing in line when you could be prepping your bins. It also seems like it would be safer in general if the agents could look down a long line and see what's happening. A lady walked through the scanner before she had pushed her bag up onto the ramp, and I felt really weird. I didn't want to move it, because it's not mine and if there is something bad in there I don't want to be seen touching it. But the alternative is to risk watching someone leave a bag behind. I had to get an agent but that took some work. . . -I actually overheard the woman doing the body scan say, "I'm doing the bare minimum today." Somehow that is not comforting to me. . . - Finally, when you arrive at the crowded gate area to board your flight, they have rows 1-5 line up at the same time, with groups snaking over into each other's lines. It was at this point that someone came over to check my ID against my boarding pass. There's no way of knowing you really checked everyone at this point. Plus you're weaving your way through five lines of people, weighted down by bags, who have to find their IDs again. It's just weird. . . I'll keep OKC's streamlined, thoughtful procedures and nice staff any day.
NOTE TO PASSENGERS OF US AIRWAYS: Do not tell your driver that you are at US Airways. Who in the world built a sports venue next to the airport and conveniently named it US Airways Center? Genius, I tell you. Maybe I shouldn't have assumed my Lyft driver knew that I was at the airport, but still.... I'm sure many people have gotten this mixed up plenty of times. Before smart phones were as smart as they are today? Anyway, just keep that in mind when you fly US Airways... . Never have I been in such a panic to find the exit at an airport. I wasn't familiar with the airport or area at all and everything just looked so complex. Different airlines cannot be seen at the same terminal, and airport signs are also not a huge help. Luckily, we found a nice staff member that directed us to the nearest door to fresh air. Well, not so fresh air as people smoke like chimneys out here.. . The airport itself also wasn't an interesting site. It was exactly what you would imagine a generic airport would look like, no artwork, no funny decorations, no nice music. Just an airport like LAX.. I guess they get a plus for being specific on terminal number, airline, and door number... My next driver knew just exactly where I was.
One of my least favorite airports. The food options are quite limited (although slowly getting better) and the people are just not very friendly. (PDX has spoiled me.) It could just be my sensitive sniffer but there seems to be a faint stench in the air; probably from the old,worn carpet.Very few plugs to charge your devices in the gate areas. It is 2013, you can't spring for a few more outlets to accommodate the patrons? . . Also, the Wi-Fi took forever to connect. Why must I click on what seems like an insane amount of windows in order to get online?! I get you need advertising $ but c'mon!. . The rental car building is a long bus ride away. I do like that all companies are innone place but you have to factor in an extra (at least) 30 min before you can get to your car. . . I'm pretty sure that you land in New Mexico and then taxi to Arizona. It seems like forever to get to the gate.
Home of some of my biggest airport nightmares of all time. Airline check-in is a nightmare (unless you're flying Southwest, they seem to have their stuff together), Security is a nightmare. Home to a disproportionate number of entitled jerky airline passengers. Ugh. I just hate this place. . . Just do yourself a favor, and get there early. You might not need the time every time, but one of these times you will.
very large, very confusing,long walk in terminal 4 from gate D to C........long walk and no options.
Meh, it's functional I guess.  I'm usually only here for layovers and seem to have the same experience every time.  Walking long, endless hallways in search of more than one food option and never finding a place to sit down near the food options or near the gates.
I'm not really a fan of this Air Port for one reason only. The TSA Agents. Seriously they were super rude to me! Before I tell you my story I'm going to review the rest of the air port.. . The airport is super clean and well maintained. I feel like they update it alot because it doesn't look old like alot of the other air ports do. They also have many different places to eat in the air port that are not ridiculously expensive like every other air port. I've never had a problem flying in or out and all of my flights have been on time. My favorite thing about this airport is that you CANNOT get lost. The airport kind of just flows so you get where your supposed to be. One more cool thing about Sky Harbor is the ceiling when you go down into baggage claim. It's the coolest mosaic of colored glass. Its the one thing I remember about my childhood!!. . Now you would think that with my review this air port would get a higher rating. Well because I like the air port so much I won't give it one star. I'll give it two. This is why.. . I'm one of those people who has a really bad food allergy. So I have to travel everywhere with my epipen. Being the paranoid traveler I am, I called TSA and asked them what their policy was regarding an epipen. They told me that I could get it hand inspected and everything would be fine. So before I went on my trip I got a note from my doctor and had my prescription on it just in case I got hassled. . . So when I left Hawaii everything was cool. They hand inspected it and I was through security within five minutes. It was super easy and not a big deal. When I went through Sky Harbor I had it out and separate from my bags and I calmed explained the situation to the TSA agent. He then proceeded to tell me that they could not hand inspected it and it had to go through the X-ray.  I then told them that it couldn't be X-rayed and it needed to be hand inspected. He then called 3 other TSA agents to surround me. While this was happening I kept being told it could not and WOULD not be hand inspected. And if I didn't let my EPIPEN get X-Rayed I would get strip searched and my bags would be hand searched for weapons and I would miss my plane. . . I finally got tired of being bullied and harassed and let them X-ray my epipen. This whole situation took thirty minutes and by the time I was done dealing with the TSA agents I was scared and shaking. If I fly out of Arizona I will not be excited to fly out of here.
Hmm, I guess coming from LAX I expected a little more than what I got here. Sadly I have a 3 hour layover here and I still don't know what gate my next flight will be at?!?!  I knew what gate my LAX flight would be at the day before I got to the airport. Now I'm at PHX just wondering around looking for a wall charger, which is really hard to come by, unless your willing to pay for some coffee, which I am. Haha. So in my search for what gate to wait at I've found that a bunch of gates here don't actually have automatic electrical boards, rather they are still manual, like you put up the destination and time letter by letter.  Haha so sad for the works, they looked pretty stressed. What this airport does have is a nice view for the mountains and hill, if you find the time to take a breath, look outside at the panoramic view, might make your wait just that much shorter.
Flew out of Terminal 2 this morning and didn't have a great experience.. . Check in agents at United desks were overworked. Precheck wasn't open yet so I had to stand with the commoners. TSA agent had a chip on his shoulder. And there was nothing inside the terminal.. . I hear they're tearing this terminal down soon. Good.
