Really wanted to love this place according to the reviews.... . Once we got seated and finally got our food, a total of 2 hours...I was not that pleased.. . Ordered Combo Pan Roast and House Gumbo. The flavor was there but both were way too salty!!. . Might try again...but wouldn't go out of my way for it.
I consider my foray here to be a complete Yelp letdown.  I arrived at approximately 10 pm and still faced a 2 hour wait to be seated with approximately 10-15 people ahead of me in line.  The reason for the long waits is the limited bar seating.  There are approximately 16 seats and only 6 roasting pans so at any given time, half the bar is eating and half are waiting for the food with each turnover taking approximately 40 minutes.  . . Once seated, there is an additional 30 minute wait for food.  Math check: you've now invested 2.5 hours so it better be some mind-blowing food to overcome the interminable wait times.  Looking around the faces of my fellow diners, it was clear that Oyster Bar did not deliver.  We all looked sullen and grumpy - reasonable given it was past midnight and we were all starving. . . If you want faster sustenance, I recommend getting a bowl of clam chowder.  Even that took about 15 minutes to arrive.  It was nondescript in every way. . . I ordered the Palace Pan Roast, with Lobster Shrimp and Crab in a creamy tomato base.   The open cooking system, admittedly, is a decent show and I enjoyed watching the chef make our dishes.  There are steam pots and into them go, in this particular order and at designated times: 1) a pat of butter, 2) your seafood, 3) clam broth, 4) the tomato/cream soup, and 5) a scoop full of crab meat.  John's Gumbo was similar.  First the butter, then vegetables and seafood, clam broth, a dark roux, and a scoop of crab meat. . . The problem is that there is a haphazard timing system.  All the butter goes into all the pots at once.  Then, the chef comes back around for the seafood.  Once the broths and soups go in, he usually takes that opportunity to focus on shucking the bivalves.  It was a  new form of torture, watching your food bubble furiously away, while the chef man-handled a dozen oysters or prepare shrimp cocktail.  Literally, all you wanted to do was reach out and help yourself to the soup and instead the chef spent a quarter of an hour on each fruits de mer plate. . . The wait was certainly not worth it.  The Chef spent so much time on the shucking that I think our dishes over-reduced.   My pan roast was an inch lower in volume than the next item and I knew it was going to be salty.   You get a big soup bowl full of a creamy tomato soup, one scoop of rice, a few shrimps, and lots of crab pieces.  The proportions were so off.  I would have that much soup for a family of four and at least two scoops of rice apiece.  I don't know how anyone could have spooned so much salty soup without anything to soak it up.  John's Gumbo was similar except it tasted like liquified roux.  . . We also saw some unsanitary behavior going on.  The Chef washed the steam pots after emptying their stews into the bowls and left the bowls inches from the pots he was washing, certain to let dish water get into the food.  Not appetizing.
This place was kind of weird.. . On our trip to Vegas, my boyfriend and I decided that we are obsessed with oysters. We saw the sign for an oyster bar and walked in.. . I reallllly wanted a glass of Prosecco or Champagne. They listed about 5 different kinds. When I ordered what I wanted, our waiter said, "No, no, I give your something else". So he brought me a tasting of some REALLY sweet, cheap tasting sparkling crap. I told him that I wasn't interested in something sweet, but he seemed to not understand. I ended up ordering a beer, and feeling incredibly awkward.. . We ordered the dozen oysters, and the fried calamari. The oysters were ok, not great. We had better ones at Bouchon and Craftsteak. The calamari was atrocious. It was doughy, as though the breading didn't fry. It was inedible. Since we were having such issues communicating with our waiter, we just left it and tried to get out of there as soon as possible.. . We will not be back.
The food deserves 3-4 stars. What ruins the experience is the wait. 30 minutes in line, followed by an hour and a half waiting for our food.  People behind us waited nearly 3 hours to finally eat. . I understand that there's only 16 seats. But only staffing 1 cook and 1 server slows everything down that much more. . If this was any other restaurant, I would have walked out. I only stayed because I had family from out of town who wanted to try this place. . Save your time and find another place to eat. The Sunset Station has a similar restaurant with more seats. And it's probably the same recipes since they're the same chain of casinos. We won't be returning to the Oyster Bar.
I've read so many good reviews about this place, even a yelp friend (who is very cute) said this place was the bomb. So I tried it...I can't believe the hype. I waited almost two hours to eat here, but to my surprise the combo pan roast didn't live up to expectations. What it basically is a mix of seafood with creamy tomato soup. And what pissed me off was the seafood was so small in portion with the soup. Furthermore, the bowl of seafood tomato soup cost $22! Such a ripoff. Never again.
First, the good - the Pan Roast is amazingly good, and the service is friendly and efficient.. . Now the bad - the LONG wait, and the inability and unwillingness of the Palace Station to improve things.  I understand that this is a bar with limited seating, but several things can be done to make the customer experience better.  Do we (or our representatives) really need to stand in a line?  How about investing a few dollars in those electronic devices that buzz when its your turn, or if you don't want to spend the money, how about just writing the name down on a piece of paper?  If I don't have to stand in line, where do you think I'm going to go? Thats right, I'm going to be gambling at those slot machines that surround the bar and likely make the Palace Station some money.  But no, according to a Palace Station staff member, the management likes the lines and has no interest in improving things.. . And lastly, some tips:. 1. Call ahead to see how long you will have to wait. 2. Go during off-peak times, and remember 1 AM is not off-peak in Las Vegas. 3. If you get sick and tired of standing in line, likewe did, go to the Grand Cafe.. 4. Watch out for those pesky representatives - one person in line in front of you could actually be holding a spot for a large group of people.
I love oysters and when I seen the almost 5 stars it was a must try. We came on a Tuesday around 4 pm and got 2 seats right away. We sat for at least 10 minutes before getting service...they could have at least acknowledged us! We ordered raw oysters which were good, the pan roast and gumbo. Gumbo was awful and unbearably salty!!!!! Pretty much unedible. The pan roast was just ok....I don't get how this place has such great reviews????
Okay. So I really wanted to love the food from this place because. of all of the wonderful, raving reviews, but just didn't. Waited in line . for approximately an hour before being seated at the bar, but really. wasn't bothered by the wait because the majority of reviews said that the. food was worth it. Ordered a half dozen of oysters on the half shell,. and thought they were just mediocre- yes, they were very meaty, but I missed. the saltiness/brine of traditional east coast oysters. Ordered the combo pan. roast with shrimp, crab, and lobster, and it was just mediocre too. . While I found the food to be just, meh, the staff was lovely and. worked very hard to please their customers. Would I come back. to this oyster bar again on a return visit to vegas, no,. but I'm glad I tried it because I would have always wondered if I. was missing out otherwise. Now I know that I will not be missing out.. Save your time and money for something else.
This was totally a yelp find and based on the reviews we were encouraged to wander off the strip.  In short - excellent food (Combo Pan Roast!) and the staff behind the bar are great!. . What you need to know about waiting in line - there are only about 20 seats at the bar.  A single person standing in the line could potentially be holding seats for a total of 6 people - this is what we experienced.... . We had maybe 5 people a head of us, which I saw as a reasonable wait...  then the dude infront of us turns into 6 - five people casually walk up and step into the line.  Im not going to sugar coat it... I questioned what they thought they were doing and then generally lost my shit...  our dinner got completely bamboozled by some discourteous dicks and Palace Station allowed it to happen.  We ultimately all sat down at the same time  (because I raised hell), but we had to wait for every one of those clowns to be served before we got anything - dinner took forever.... . Manager explained that it is Palace Station policy to let people hold space in line for a total of 6 folks.  I understand for a larger restaurant, but the Oyster Bar has 20 freaking seats... I call bullshit!
Let me start by saying I grew up in Alabama, grew up making fresh gumbo from scratch, and still do..it is always nice to try someone elses..I was not impressed, especially after standing in line for over an hour.  The Caesar salad was better than the gumbo..They do give you a good portion and I suppose if you have never eaten true southern gumbo filled with with fresh shrimp, fresh okra, sausage, crab legs, chicken wings and just the right amount of spice...you might like this, and pay way to  much for it.
I was extremely excited to finallyeat here! in the end.. I was very disappointed.. . My boyfriend and I love oysters! Being an oyster bar we thought it must be fresh and delicious! Holy crap was the oysters shitty!  We could not believe how dirty the oysters were! They did not take the liberty to rinse or scrub the oysters shells before prying them open.  I do not think they were fresh! We bough a dozen and could barely finish half.. My boyfriend almost yacked up one of them because it was already bad.  It was already hard enough trying to eat the dirty oysters..after eating the bad one we noticed the couple others didn't look good.  The worker at the end never took our plate away until the end asking if we were going to finish it.. yeah we just said no.  There's something wrong there if we did not finish it buddy!  We watched them open the oysters after and saw how dirty the shells were and noticed that the shells had bands around them to keep the oysters from opening.  THIS PLACE IS NOT KNOWN FOR THE OYSTERS!. . We also had New England Clam Chowder and Chicken Gumbo.  These came out a lot better.  I've never had Gumbo but my boyfriend said it was decently good.  I am a fan of clam chowder, and it was good, nothing amazing.  So the rest of the food must be the talk of the joint.. . The service, it was mehhh.  I swear the cook in front of us looked miserable, took some time for us to have a server attend to us the couple times we needed something... . Definitely will not be back..
Good food, but not worth the price or the wait. If they would seat people in the restaurant behind the bar it would be cool. I don't like sitting on top of people either. 20$ for a dozen oysters not a deal in Vegas.
Something's fishy, and I don't mean the food. How can this place with limited menu, an insanely long line, cramped bar located within a smoky casino be rated THE best restaurant in Vegas according to Yelp?. . I've dined here 3 times now before I felt compelled to write about my informed opinion of this place. Here's what I've encountered all 3 times:  beginning stages of lung cancer while walking through the casino, continuing on with my early stages of lung cancer while waiting in line for 45 minutes to 1.5 hours, jammed into a bar top that seats about 20 people while dining on mediocre food still inhaling the aforementioned smoke.. . Service? Mediocre at best, all 3 times. Items are forgotten, timing is off and many workers don't seem happy to be there. The experience is rushed solely because you can constantly sense the stares and anguishing hunger from those waiting in line 5 paces behind you...stalking like wolves; waiting for their prey to fall off their chair in utter gluttony.. . The food?  I've had the gumbo twice and the pan roast once. Both were decent, barely bordering on good and I refuse to return again and wait that long in a line for decent food.  Knock my socks off with food and service in a nice atmosphere...maybe worth those waits, but not this place as it currently stands.  All 3 visits I ordered my food mild...all three times the following day was not a good day, stomach-wise. Yes, something is fishy.. . . Good news for the rest of you who decide to forge ahead with this place; there will be one less sucker waiting in line and taking up your coveted seat at the oyster bar. Enjoy!
Sometimes in life we do things just to say we did it. I guess one such event would be the oyster bar "experience" in Palace station. I can now be inducted into its int'l brotherhood of diners therebecause of the :. --2 hour wait in line , like cattle. --pervasive stale smoke stench(nicotine not bbq applwood) infusing every nook and crannie of the casino. --only to be serviced by smart ass wait staff and management who think your a ball bearing on the assembly line. the food was actually fairly good, even though i was tossing and turning all night from the heavy spices. I might go back only during non-busy hours when that hotel fixes the air filtration suystem, and limits the low lifes comin and goin, but wait. TIV this is Vegas and none of the above aint nevah gonna happen. Overrate, seriously,. Save your coins and do seafood at the Rio, or Orleans
