Sorry to all of the people who rave about this place, but it's exceedingly overhyped. . . I was actually really looking forward to this place and had high expectation for what was popular which was the adobada and carne asada. Since there was 2 lines to order, I told porky to wait in the asada line while I wait in the adobada line. I made the big mistake of trying to make an order to a wab without porky there. I asked for a big adobada fries without cilantro and he replied OK. I waited there for about 10 mins..... . My bf already got his order and finally, he asked the wab where my order was in spanish and he replied that I never made an order with him, putting the blame on me, and trying to make me look stupid.. gtfo -_- I finally got my fries and I went up to the cashier. Without realizing it, the cashier girl gave me an attitude and my bf had to defend me telling them that I'm paying for the fries and he's paying for the tacos since I don't know spanish and I didn't understand the situation. how RUDE! I do not appreciate the fact that I was being put down for not understanding any spanish when we are in a country that English is the primary language, especially from people who sound like they don't even have their citizenships!! *slam fists*. . In any case, on to the food. I looked at my food and I specifically asked for no cilantro, and of course they would fuck it up by leaving little pieces of it all over our food. I don't mind the cilantro but porky hates it. -1 point there for making me put the effort of playing hide and seek with the cilantros. The carne asada was ok. The meat was tender and juicy but bland. The only thing you could really taste in it was the guacamole since they slapped on a handful of it on the taco. The adobada tacos had no flavor whatsoever. I read that there was some pineapples sliced in it, the sauce was amazing but I did not taste anything on that taco. The best ones I have had was the stomach and the shoulder. I should have fought porky more for the brain, tongue, and head tacos since they were all cooked in the same way as the shoulder and stomach, but I gave in since porky was so adamant about not trying anything else. Never again will I let his closed mind affect my choices in food! Anyways, the fries were awesome! I love the sauce in it and the fries were the thin and crispy ones, not those disgusting steak fries. I just wish I got the carne asada instead because the adobada was flavorless and dry.. . Anyways, I really want to like this place because I want to come back and try the other tacos, quesadilla, and tostada but I wouldn't want to come back here by choice because of the rude workers and there's nothing really special about their popular stuff. 2 stars for their stomach and shoulder tacos and fries!
" the carne asada tacos and the adobada tacos are bomb here!" " those are the best tacos I've had" please....... . All I could hear from my friends is them talk about this place n San Diego.  How good the tacos are and what not.  They found a Las Vegas location and insisted we go when we got there on our Vegas trip this past weekend.. . Arriving at the restaurant, the employees wanted us to make two lines ( for the beef and the pork meat ).  My gf said lets split up in the lines so we could get our orders.  We decided to order:. . 1 taco of shoulder meat. 1 taco of stomach meat. 1 taco of carne asada. 1 taco of adobada meat. 1 order of adobada fries. . The employees gave me a bit of an attitude until they forced me to speak Spanish.  They gave me my orders and went to the GF to check on the fries.  She was still waiting for the order and said they were taking a bit long.  I talked to the cook there and he was like she didn't order anything and putting her down.  I switched back to Spanish mode and told him to make the order ( with an attitude ). If that wasn't enough, the cashier girls were giving my gf attitude when she was paying because they couldn't understand that she was paying for the fries and I was paying for the tacos.  Back to Spanish mode, put them down, explained to them in a way you explain a 5 year old how to do things because obviously these people came from Tijuana yesterday and think they can give customers attitude when they themselves can't understand English in the US.  Really pissed me off that these immigrants like to talk smack in Spanish when you don't speak Spanish.. . Going back to the food, I had my eyes set on the carne asada tacos and adobada ( since everyone is ranting about them). I couldn't be more disappointed in the flavor of the meat.  The asada taco's meat was tender, but really bland.  I guess cause its so bland, they smacked so much guacamole on the taco to make up for the flavor ( which made it worst).  The adobada taco meat was really dry and no flavor either!  What was the hype about??  Surprisingly when we were tasting the stomach and shoulder tacos, we were like OK that's pretty good.  The shoulder taco was kinda like carnitas style with some of the broth it was cooked in.  The stomach taco was not all chewy and nasty texture.  Had some of the broth that it was cooked in as well.  These two tacos were the best ones out of the others, how ironic ha ha.  I think the brain, stomach, head and shoulder meat is all cooked in the same broth.  The fries were pretty good too.  They were thin, crispy fries smothered in some salsa they make there.  Personally me, that salsa was OK but too much on it.  Again, the adobada meat did not help the fries.  You might want to eat the fries as soon as you can or else they will become soggy from the overload of salsa they put in.. . This place really did not live up to the hype.  Rude employees, flavorless meat and expensive tacos.  I would have given this place a 1 star, but the shoulder and stomach tacos managed to change my mind.  I would like to try the head tacos,brain tacos, tostadas and quesadillas next time, but I feel like it wont be for awhile since it would have to be because friends wanna go and has to be the San Diego location.  If the San Diego location is just as bad with the immigrant workers and attitudes they give, I will gladly say I'm done with this restaurant. Never again....
Plain and simple. The tacos were good, the lengua and sesos were comparable back home in LA.. Only issue is..one dollar sign does not mean $2 for a 2.5oz taco. Back home I can get FREESH corn tortillas for half the price with double the serving.
After getting out of the club Tao about 5: am we were very hungry decide it to go for some tacos it was crazy pack wrong move to go in there it was beyond insane after being in the line for about 20 minutes the security guy told me that I was on the wrong line he said to me " this line is only for the adobada tacos " move to the other line 35 minutes for me to be able to order my tacos they were super greasy the guy that made my tacos was super cool but the other guy that was making the alpastor Tacos I think he was the owner because I think the name el Gordo is cause of his size he was not cool at all I was talking to him ordering some tacos from him and he completely ignored me the orchata water was out of a fountain machine gross to end it all I think you can get better tacos at tacos pepes and they are cheaper
Tacos El Gordo is a late-night-drunk-eats kind of venue, located very conveniently in a strip mall near the Strip. Sorry Vegas people, but this place doesn't stand a chance against LAMexican food.. The carne asada fries were mediocre at best -- really bland. Had to go and ask for more sauce but it didn't help much. The adobado taco was actually pretty good.. I must hand it to the guys that run the place though. The restaurant is seriously a well-oiled machine. Runs super efficiently and the place is actually clean.
I seriously don't understand the hype about this place. I've been there twice and was not really impressed. First of all the tacos are tiny. The meat is decent but they are really small. The first time I was there I ordered 2, and the guy said "Thats it?!". They we're decent, not fantastic.. . Next time I tried the Fries with adobado. It's basically a pile of fries, topped with your choice of meat, guacomole, sour cream, some kind of mayo based sauce and unmelted shredded cheese. It's great if you're trying to consume 2000 calories in 1 meal.... I didn't really like them to be honest. They should melt the cheese. . . Nothing about this place stands out, I seriously think the Mexican food in LV is lacking... and this place is no different.
This place is BUSY!!!! Smells amazing in there, but I'm super picky about my carne asada. It was way to chewy for me, my husband and I barely picked at the carne asada fries because they meat was soo fatty. Ugh! Grosses me out just typing about it. On the bright side, the adobada (pork) tacos were pretty delicious, so it wasn't a wasted trip.
Go with someone who speaks spanish. Food was good but had no idea what the heck was going on. I didn't even know where to stand. What the hell did i  even order. Greasy greasy greasy food. I love greasy fries and burgers, but this was extreme. I mean your mouth gets a grease coat every time you bite into the carnitas. Gnar man... super gnar.. . Expect Stomach problems if you don't eat a lot of greasy food.
Not impressed. I had 4 tacos.. 2 spicy pork.. 2 tongue.. so disappointing. I think most reviewer's must recall these on the tail end of a Vegas Strip drunk. Probably the bomb after all nit w your drunk on. Sober.. I seriously prefer Taco Bell. Wow! That's ugly..lol..
We ate here for lunch this week while in Vegas.  I was inspired to go here by the great reviews but we have had much better here in Atlanta.  The ordering process was so disorganized.  You go in and the cooks ask you what you want.  Then, you have to go to the cashier in a separate area and tell her what you ordered.  The people behind the counter forgot a couple of things we asked for. We ordered steak quesadillas and an assortment of tacos. The meat itself was good.  However, I could not taste any cheese in the quesadillas.  Also, you have to ask for salsa instead of it being included in the salsa bar most mexican fast food places have.  The salsas also were not very good.  No heat and lacked flavor.  Almost any mexican will tell you that it's the salsas that make or break a taco. Also, the cooks were openly cursing which is not good when you have kids with you.
i had such high hopes for Tacos El Gordo and i left extremely underwhelmed after my recent late night/early morning meal here :( with such high ratings and raves from friends, i knew that when we were at encore for nighttime festivities that a stop at tacos el gordo was a must! its a short walk from the encore and the strip mall is so brightly lit that you wont miss the place haha. came around 130ish and it was already packed with people! i wasnt feeling too adventurous so i didnt want to try any of the 'crazy' stuff like tongue haha...so i went with one of my all-time fave dishes - carne asada fries ($10)! these fries just didnt live up to the hype and i've definitely had better in OC and SD :( the carne asada tasted bland and the guacamole didnt seem fresh like it just came out of a package. i tried a bite of my friend's adobada taco and did enjoy that better since the spicy pork had more flavor. overall though i just left here disappointed...maybe i should give it another try when im drunker haha
What a disappointment. I can't believe this place has 4.5 stars??!? I feel like I've missed something. Came here on a Friday evening with high expectations as I was in the mood for some good old Mexican food. I guess I can say I'm lucky to have had AMAZING Mexican food from LA, OC, to San Diego and this by far cannot compare. The ONLY item that I would recommend here is Adobada. The other items I tried: carne asada fries (bland, totally NOT WORTH IT), and carne asada taco. However, I'm not that adventurous and they did have cabeza and lengua on the menu. If your into that then maybe those are worth a try! Simple menu. DIRT cheap and fairly clean. There are several lines for you to put your order. Once you've received your food you go back to the register to purchase the items.  After such a disappointment I probably would not go out of my way to return.
It was ok. Kinda pricey for what you get. Its at the end of the strip so if your faded its good!
The tacos are really good, 5 stars but I am only giving it two stars because of the way you have to order your tacos. Three separate lines for every meat.. I don't see how this makes things go smoother or faster.  We were in line for 45 mins and had to stick with one kind of meat because we were not going to be back in line again.  I'd like to go back next time I'm in Vegas but I'll have to go during the day with hopes that the lines are not as bad as wednesday night.  I wanted to try the Al pastor.. It looked real good..maybe next time.
I had heard amazing things about this place. In all fairness the group I was with said the food was alright. However, they did not offer ANY chicken or vegetarian options which are more my style so I did not eat here even though I'd been dying to try it. Additionally, the lines were insanely long. For me certainly not worth it and my party agreed, there are a million other taco places where I have at least one option.
Ok, so I think I had really high expectations for this place because my friends hyped it up. We planned out all the food places to try and this place was up there.. . So the first night we were in Vegas we were planning to come after a night at Hakkasan. We drove and got there about 4:40 and Yelp said it was still open but when we got there it was closed. Disappointment. So we tried again the next night to a VERY packed restaurant with multiple lines. The way everything is formatted is ridiculous! I have to wait in multiple lines to get different types of meat. So there is a line for carne asada and you can have anything from tacos to sopas to nachos but you can only order carne asada in that line. If you want other meats you will have to order in one line and then go to the next. . . After waiting in the long line you take your tray of food and go to the register to pay and then take a seat anywhere. The only good thing was that the drink was all you can drink of horchata and orange bang.. . The guac was probably the best part of the meal because they put so much on the taco but the taco itself was only ok. Nothing special at least not for the way and how everything is formatted.. . I don't think I would come back here again unless my friends wanted to.
Two stars.  Go to your local taco truck instead.
If a mixture of boiled meats in one pot is your thing, this is the place for you. I did not like the lack of options, would have liked some grilled meat options
I do not understand the rating this place gets. Although you get your food quickly, everything was cold within minutes. The asada is decent, but nothing great. Being from SoCal, this place has nothing on King Taco. The tortillas are fresh, so that is the reason for the 2 stars. I will not pay this place another visit. Maybe I got a bad batch of tacos. The guy that took my order also forgot two of the tacos, but after taking one bite, I was actually glad he did.
Tacos El Gordo is a bit of a zoo, even at 2 am. I took the time to skim the Yelp reviews before walking in which helped. I knew about the individual lines for the various kinds of tacos and i knew there would be a language barrier if I didn't speak Spanish. So be it, I can point and smile and I came out with actually more tacos than I wanted...but oh well. The drink station is not very well thought out or placed, you get your cups after you pay . And the cashiers were nice and friendly and the horchata wasn't that bad.  . . But it's a taco place..and the tacos...really aint all that. Lengua....not impressed, as it was actually kinda cold when I got to try it...I ended up not eating all of it. Al pastor...was nothing special either. But I really looked forward to the Adobada...and it was the only taco that saved me from going home hungry. If I go back it's the only thing I'll buy again. . . That being said Taco y Taco's adobaba blows El Gordo out of the water...it's not even close. . . Recommendation: If you're stuck on the strip and don't want to pay strip prices it will shut your stomach up. But if it's not late and you can drive a bit, there are much better choices available.
I don't understand all the hype on yelp. Obviously people on this have not tried good tacos. Not even because I was drunk I thought they were good
Not too crowded on a Wednesday night, but wasn't too impressed with the carne asada here. It looks like it has potential as the guy was chopping and dicing right in front of you before he assembles your small tacos for $2. Did not expect guac on the tacos, but it was there in a dominating fashion over the meat. The meat itself was good in two of the three tacos, but number three took a dive and was unedible. The meat was undercooked, fatty and chewy all at the same time. All the other meats at this place belong on Bizzarre foods and the carne asada looks like it is very hit and miss.
Seriously, all tacos!? Don't come looking for a burrito now... Unless, you speak the lingo and ask for Mulas (which is not burrito, but you get the double wrap)! ^___*. . But the service was so so painfully slow! And the fact that you have to line up to different lines to get different meats, it really didn't help my dinner time to be any faster. It was so ridiculous that I timed my waiting in lines... it took 1.5 hrs to get all the orders in and by the time I sat down to eat? The first order of carne asada tacos was stone cold. . . I've had comparable if not better meats in NorCal. I am not risking losing 2 hours of my vacay time in line. So, the next time I am in town, if I am inclined for cheap meats, I will look at the rate of line getting shorter before I jump.
Prepare yourself for an uncomfortable time!. . The food here is really good, but the restaurant itself leaves a lot to be desired.  First off, they have a chaotic system of ordering food on one side, then paying on the other side of the room.  It's not a common setup, and it seems you have to be a bit pushy to order your food.  People here seem to ignore you, or people cut in front of you.  It seems either people have bad manners or this restaurant has employees who only respond positively to other spanish speakers.  It could also be that my friend isn't the pushy rude type, but the people taking orders wouldn't acknowledge him.  . . I think it's tragic that even though the food is pretty good, but the organization really sucks!  If you want one type of meat, you stand in one line, if you want another, then you have to stand in a different line.  They had 4 different lines!  I wish they would just handle orders in the back.  It's as if they think their employees are too dumb to handle orders of different types of meat.  He might mix up the carne asada with the adobada!  They look totally different, but who cares, my employees are too stupid to tell the difference!. .  I really don't get it.  I might expect this sort of chaos at a food truck or an outdoor swap meet, but in a restaurant there's a much better way of running things.  It's not like the way they have things setup makes things faster or easier.  In fact, I could see someone easily ordering food and just walking out without paying because it would be impossible to tell who's paid and who hasn't especially when it is busy which it seems to be  during lunch and dinner hours.. . I also found the prices to be a bit high in light of how terrible the service runs.  I'd understand paying more for food in a restaurant that is organized and nice, but with all the chaos and terrible service, I don't know why I"d pay any more than any taco truck.  Overall I'd say stay away unless you find the place mostly empty, then it wouldn't take you forever to order your food.. . Also your choices are pretty much taco, tostada, sopa, and carne fries.
I've never really been a big fan of this Tacos El Gordo, preferred the one on Charleston if anything but still not a big fan of Tacos El Gordo.  I don't know why but somehow I seem to always find myself coming here once in awhile; people do flock over to this location because its on the Strip.  Go to the Charleston location if it's busy here it's not that far away.  Honestly I like their food only when I'm either drunk or recovering  but I could probably get the same effect from a Roberto's which is probably more convenient. Any other time I just can't enjoy them.. . When it's slow, which is when they're usually still busy but manageable, you can find a parking spot easily, you walk into the building, open the door and shut the door, you wait in a decent line, and you can enjoy your meal maybe on a table inside or outside.  However when it's busy, mainly weekend, forget about coming here, unless you're willing to wait. The line usually spills out the door and it's hard to find a seat.  You'll likely find yourself joining others eating their food on the curb or at your car. . . Food-wise it's alright 3 star maybe 3.5 tops which isn't that bad.  You probably heard about their carne asada and adobada fries, and their various street tacos they are a must if you never had it but personally I don't think they have enough flavor to my liking and seemed a little pricey, especially for the fries. I think I only liked them the first time I've had street tacos.  It kind of has phased out of my system, I do prefer a few other businesses more. . . Overall they are probably a 2 star maybe 3  mainly because of the inconvenience and madness that goes on. Yea it's busy because a lot of people want them but they could do something better to manage the crowd besides making the food faster, I don't know maybe it's just me being picky but definitely not a fan of the atmosphere. You can say it lacks good customer service but they do make things fast.. . Most recently I brought some out of state family here it lasted only a few mins. We ended up going to a pretty good regular Mexican restaurant where it was fast, excellent customer service, served good food, and accomedating for a large group wiith kids, Taco Bell joking.
This place is cool but I've had better Mexican food. The carne asada tacos are good, not a fan of there guacamole. I've also had better. My family liked it. I can go without coming here again. I loved the different varieties of meat and the spicy pork is the best taco here and of course I love my Horchata..can't go wrong with that. It's always overcrowded and you have to go on a hunt just to get a seat. Good thing is it's open late a good place for a quick grub or after the club hunger in Vegas.
