Eh I wasn't impressed. I enjoy the atmosphere in Orlando better. We sat in the bar and the server seemed disinterested in serving us. We arrived an hour before they closed which was really early for Vegas and he told us three times within the hour that they closed soon. It was like Dude we get the message we will leave your table in time for you to go home. The drinks we got were great but not proportioned to the price.
ONLY went here since we were crunched for time and had to find something close and quick. NEVER again. LOUD, too much hustle and bustle walking around. Not bad food, just your typical chain style fare.. . Again, as I said,,,,never again.
After walking up and down the strip for hours, a friend and I decided to stop in and have lunch.  The service was pretty lousy for a Thursday afternoon, and the food was worse.  I ordered a simple cheeseburger and by the time I finally got it, my friend has finished his entire meal.  The burger was extremely bland as were the fries, and pretty costly considering there are a million other restaurants just seconds away.. . The only thing I enjoyed there was a frozen drink or two, but those were so overpriced that it killed the enjoyment.  If you're in Vegas, there are several places that are better and worthier of your money.
I must admit i had high exspectations for this place when i went. Unfortunetly i left this place hungry and dissapointed. I ordered there Fajitas w/ beef, not a wise choice. After waiting a good while i was starving! when the food came the meat was real fatty and chewy and not alot of flavor. I never send food back but in this case i had to and not to mention it wasn't very hot. By the time my waitress figured everything out w/ her manager my best friend was all ready done w/ her plate of food (coconut prawns that were delicious to be fair). I will eat here again i do believe i just had a miss instead of a hit.
Go for the drinks, go for the atmosphere, maybe even for the music, but skip the food.  The food I ordered smelled like dirty dishes, and the waiter took so long to come back to check on me that it wasn't even worth asking him to bring me something better/that didn't smell like dirty dishes.  THe margaritas were awesome though.
We were there the previous weekend for a 21st Birthday party, drinks & burgers were good. Not a place to celebrate birthdays, Waitress didn't  acknowledge the birthday girl..hum!.  . This time, we thought we would try their  overpriced Fish Tacos, "big disappointment " thick tortillas, tasteless fish. I should have returned the 2 fish dinners we ordered but didn't want to ruin the atmosphere.
Ok, so I feel I am being a tad bit generous with the 2 stars...anyways here goes.... . I feel my review is pretty valuable as I have dined at this restaurant once last year and once this year. . . Was not impressed the first visit in 2010 as I had high hopes. Was really hoping the whole "Cheeseburger in paradise" thing would be something real and not just a mirage. . . The location is great, business is always booming which they owe to the Tourist big time, and Flamingo hotel and casino as well since they have a direct corridor to access the restaurant. I thank you myself Flamingo for parking :). . Heads up...this place is ALWAYS busy from opening til closing so if you are looking for a peaceful sanctuary for a first date or some under the table romance, uh uh ain't happening, simply not an option here!. . First visit-. Busy, service was very bad this particular day, the waitress as I call these "types" was a threesome, and not the good kind either. Meaning 3 visits to our table, 1. take order, 2 drop food, 3 drop check. Not the service you expect and deserve when dining out. When you are forced to flag down other waiters and bussers to get a refill, it's just bad.. Food was overpriced and mediocre at best! Burger, dry, flavorless, bun was hard as if had been sitting in the sun for a bit. My friend ordered the chicken sandwich which was dry, overcooked, another bad hard crusty bun. The fries, not impressive, won't even say what they tasted like or had the consistency of. Bad fries, come on, no excuse. . . Second visit-. Margaritas good yes considering that is the name of this establishment. Food again, bad, this time my meal was cold and I am not talking about my tossed salad either. I decided to order the salmon this time, ok did not have a good experience with the burger last time let's try seafood... I left just as hungry as when I had walked in the door also. Ugh, bland food and again bad service another threesome waitress, wtf? Is this policy? I give up, another large bill paid after being bent over and stuffed with a whole giant frozen pickle. . . Never again...I am beyond dissapointed...the feeling of leaving unsatisfied is simply cruel.. . The atmosphere and drinks are cool...the food and service...not so much!
So disappointing. I love the other Margaritaville I've visited and always had a blast there. . . Maybe, it's Vegas that ruined the Margaritaville experience for me! The wait is bs! We stopped by on Thursday around 2pm and there were open tables but there was an hour wait. Huh? I could clearly see that there were open tables....HMMMM....Maybe this location is trying to hype itself up by making their guests wait and make it appear that they have a wait list. . . We definitely passed and won't ever come back to this location.
(Disclaimer: I was dragged here by a friend and I think Jimmy Buffet SUCKS.). . The atmosphere was decent. The server was a pretty cool guy -- talkative and fun. The food was a bit mediocre -- the volcano nachos really hit the spot with that huge margarita tower thing they got, but afterward I felt pretty bad, like I was gonna hurl, though I managed to recover. Unfortunately one of my friends had to go back to her hotel right afterward and go on a date with bathroom =\. . We had a booth with some lame TV playing some sort of lame stuff. I would've liked it better without the TV.. . For what we got (nachos and a tower of margarita), it was kind of expensive.
It pains me to write this review as I really wanted to like this place. I'm a Jimmy Buffett fan from when I was in college. I had to stop in here to check it out. So when we were hungry one night, we went in here. I now wish we hadn't. . . We were seated at a table, it was kind of dark, but that's okay. There was a band playing... loudly and it wasn't the type of music I figured would be in Margaritaville. I came here hoping for something Jimmy. I understand that they can't play all Jimmy all the time, but I was hoping as it was a weeknight to hear some, even if it was a cover band. . . Of course being the fan boy that I am, I had to get the Cheeseburger in Paradise. My wife got the filet. (I love a woman that eats steak!). Neither one of us was impressed with our meal. I thought the burger was kind of plain, even with the Heinz 57 on it (I admitted I was a fan boy!).  The burger was kind of dry and not very appetizing. It could have used... something.  My wife said her filet was the same, just kind of eh, okay. Definitely not worth the price we paid for it. . . The part that really killed this place for me was the service. We had the worst server of our vacation here. He was slow, didn't check up on us. Our drinks would go empty and we couldn't get refills. Even when we were finished we had to flag him down to come over to get a check, and then we had to wait to get that even longer. . . Jimmy, I'm still a fan... but I'm not going back to this Margaritaville again.
I think this is one of those tourist places to see while in Vegas center-strip.  Live music in the back, a small patio out front where people stand and watch the crowds go-by.  This place is probably enjoyed better in groups (at least I had a better time because there were 4 of us).  If you have a group of at least 4 (or 2 and you want to get buzzed quickly) then you can opt for the famous giant yard glass bong-style Margarita to be shared.  It is $50 and serves ~8 glasses of margaritas.  The margarita was good - not bad not great.  We also ordered the nachos with half chicken/half beef.  I think it was ~$16.  It is huge.  If I had to do it over again I would not order them again.  I just wasn't wowed by them.
So I've been living in Vegas for 8 months now and hadn't checked this place out so I figured it was a must. I dropped in on a Wednesday night.. Margaritas were good.. not too crazy expensive.. I was expecting more. We got the volcano nachos.. they were def good buuut way too much for two people. There wasn't really much going on inside. We had to wait like 20 minutes. There was a band that looked like they were getting ready but we left before they started. Overall, ok experience but won't be going again.
Have eaten there twice now. Lunch took over an hour to be served food. Breakfast this weekend was fast, but the omelets were dry, as if they were precooked, microwaved or reheated. Clean patio upstairs, just poor food.
When I turned 21, my friends sadly left LA very late and didn't make it out to vgeas by midnight. Fortunately (or not, depends how you look at it) I had been in town for a few days prior with my family. They thought it would be a good idea to take me here at midnight to check it out. An hour later, both my parents had passed out and my brother and I were chatting over a bucket of beers. Older crowd, but decent drinks
The food is bad!!!! Drinks were good, so was the service, but I have never had a worse mushroom cheeseburger in my life. My boyfriend got a chicken sandwhich and couldn't finish it. How do u mess up basics like that?? Gross :(
No conch fritters - no crab sandwich (they took them off the menu) and no Buffet music - Jimmy what the hell? Extremely disappointed on this trip, sure we'll be back, but come on Jimmy!
Some friends invited me and the hubs to Margaritaville on our first night on his most recent trip to Vegas. I'd never been, so I thought we would check it out since it is a Vegas institution.. . What a rip off! We ordered one of those really huge margarita pitchers for everyone in our group to drink. I had about 4 or 5 glasses from it and instead of being drunk or even just BUZZED, all I had was a sore throat from the sweet and sour mix. . . I will say the volcano nachos were good, I shared with a friend of mine. My husband ordered the Buffalo wings but wasn't impressed. I was pretty disappointed that a place known for their margaritas served such bad ones, however. My husband and I  headed straight to Fat Tuesday to rectify the drink situation and were pretty happy after that.. . Probably won't be back if I can help it!
Seating at late evening was poorly done as no hastiest was there to seat you.  We were told sit where you want;  after 10 min, the waiter for that area said he was getting off and we needed to move.  Pricy for what you get, will look elsewhere next time I'm in town.
I came here twice while I was in Vegas for an event.  Since it was right across the street from the hotel I was staying at, it was convenient.  Drinks were good, but could have been stronger.  I love fruity drinks but I didn't even leave with a buzz and usually I do after one drink.  The food took forever.  I mean like 40 minutes.  Some people from our table went to another bar to drink and when they came back, our food was still not there yet.  Our waiter never came back to check on us after he took our order.  We couldn't even get his attention.  He forgot a couple drink orders completely and messed up on one of our food orders.  It took an additional 10 more minutes to get that fixed.  . . After our meal we had to wait awhile to find our waiter so we could pay.  When we finally did, he never came back to get the money.  Another 10 minutes go by and we had to stop him to come to our table.Just glad gratuity wasn't already added since we had a group of 6.  . . Horrible service and watered down drinks.
Blurg. . . First of all, after a hard afternoon of walking up and down the strip, we decide we want a snack and a margarita. It's Vegas, so who can blame us? . . But oh no. You want an appetizer and drinks only? You have to argue to get a seat. . . This, of course, annoyed the waiter in whose section we were seated. Question: "Can we get the guacamole without cilantro (I hate cilantro!)?" He stares at us for a couple of seconds for effect, and says, flatly, "no." No "oh, sorry, no," or "no, it's made in big batches," but "no (subscript: why the hell are you asking?)" Regardless, the waiter made it really clear that an estimated $33 tab wasn't worth his trouble. . . Anyway, we got the queso and two margaritas. The margaritas were honestly pretty good. But we ate a cup of queso and a basket of tortilla chips, and both the BF and I felt pretty darned sick for awhile after. I'm not sure why. Maybe it was the flight to Vegas? But doubtful. Neither of us are strangers to the occasional (OK, more than occasional) indulgence in fried food. . . The bad service continued, with the waiter alternating between inattention and b*tchiness. But the margaritas were good, so I'll give it two stars. Just come, order your margaritas to go, and save yourself the hassle.
Went there for aearly dinner with the family before our flight. I cant tell you how close in seconds I was to paying for the ice tea my husband ordered and just leaving. Yikes! the prices were out of this world! $14 for a burger and fries, seriously?! I decided to give the benefit of the doubt and order anyways, dumb choice. The food is just mediocre and the prices on the high side for sure. . I ordered a chicken burger with onion rings. You get 4 onion rings exactly because they are large ones. And my chicken tasted like it had been taken out of the freezer, boiled and slapped on a bun. So not impressed, and not enough food on the plate for the price. . My husband had a mushroom burger ($14) with fries. Cold fries and a very slim portion, come on people thats the cheapest part of the meal! Burger was very average. . Decor is kind of intersting and was seated quickly. Also the drinks are just as over priced as the food. You are clearly paying for the brand name of this establishment when you pay your check. There are other and better values in Vegas. I will not be eating there again next time Im in town.
Half way decent food for an alright price considering it has ourdoor dining mid-strip. Their nachos could feed a small army.. Service was half ass and took a while to receive our food. It was like they were short a couple servers. The margaritas looked like they were served in dixie cups.. I didn't like that I was charged for their crappy souvenir glass ($8) when I ordered my draft beer. The server didn't take it off the bill when I mentioned it to him I didn't want it and there for he ended up paying for it out of his tip.. I'll probably never come back, but I doubt it will still be around by the time I'm back in Las Vegas.
Stopped by the outdoor bar so the wife could get a foo-foo drink while we were walking down the street. While I don't necessarily mind paying $10 for a drink in a small plastic cup, it better have some booze in it at that price; this one, according to my wife, did not pass mustard in that department.
Overpriced and nothing special. . My $15 margarita came in a small cafeteria-style glass with barely any liquor, definitely not enough to get me lit. The $10 beer helped a little. One bite of my $20 burger made me regret even getting food. . Next time I get the option to go to Margaritaville, I'm choosing AA instead.
it was okkay nothing spectacular.  I had the shrimp fajitas they were not that good.  Honestly if you have ever eaten at Chevy's and had their fajitas you know that they are just okkay, nothing special and even this place was worse then that!  But its a convenient location and its kind of a fun atmosphere. I did however try the Mac N Cheese and it was pretty decent so maybe i just picked the wrong plate. Don't know if I'd come back and try this place again.
French fries, good. Veggie burger, horrible. I live in L.A. do we just know how to make a veggie burger and the rest of the country doesn't? Take it off the menu then! . . It's a decent looking place, apparently the highest grossing restaurant in the country from what I hear. Very loud, so if you want to come here to eat and then dance it's a decent spot. Just not to talk.
We were in Vegas for a wedding and we made a reservation for 40 people at 6:30 on a Saturday night.  Now, if that was hard for the restaurant to accommodate, they should have said so.  But instead, they took our reservation and we showed up on time.  Unfortunately, they told us they only had room for half of us upstairs and half downstairs.  Not because there was not enough room for 40 but because they hadn't set aside enough tables in one location for 40.  We seated as many people as we could together and as tables near us opened up we kept adding them to our group, one by one.  Very disappointing.  . . I ordered the steak & shrimp fajitas and received steak & chicken.  They told me to keep the chicken and brought me out the shrimp, which was supposed to be "grilled" (according to their menu) but looked as if it had merely been heated up, not grilled.  These are probably the worst fajitas I've ever had.. . But I will give it to them - they make great margaritas.
I had a nice time here but wont be back too often unless we have someone visiting from out of town who wants to go.. The drink prices are too high for what you get. I paid $10 for a tiny cup of margarita. My friend paid $18 for a bigger one but you still didn't get enough for the price compared to a lot of other places around here. 2 of our friends decided to wait outside and not purchase anything after seeing the prices and size of drinks. I wanted to order at least 1 to try it.  I did think it tasted good just not good enough for the price. It was kind of dead in there too but maybe it was the hour we were there. We sat at the bar and just got a drink menu so I don't know about the food and might have to try that out someday. The staff was friendly and the place was clean inside. After 1 drink we decided to head to another place where we could get more drink for our buck.  I really had high hopes for this place and wish I could write a  better review but I have to be honest based on my experience.
Service was great.  Food on the other hand sucked really bad.  The only good thing was the shrimp appetizer.  I ordered a steak and my wife got a margarita and the nachos.  Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.  No flavor and if you like shoe leather I would recommend it but if you are like me pass on the steak.  Nachos were cold and the margarita was bland.  She had one in Nashville's margaritaville and loved it but the Vegas one was horrible.  We even said maybe it was a bad batch and went back to give it a second chance.  Same result.  There are much better places to go in Vegas to  eat.
Well, last week my Vegas bucket list contained the simple (yet somehow elusive, for me) task of going to JB's Margaritaville and having a margarita (I love margaritas and have had my share). I can half-way cross this off, but not really. . . After a long night, I was dying. Ya know, that "Vegas-did-you-well" kind of dying. But whatever, we had to power through. Our party of 6 was determined to go to M-ville, and that we did. On a Wednesday afternoon, we walked over from Cosmo and strolled into here from the sewer-smelling hell known as the Flamingo casino. We were seated right away, and seen right away. . . TIPPITY-TIP-TIP: Request Ryan L. as your waiter! Seriously, this guy is the only reason that I am giving ANY stars (the food was HORRIBLE, as I will get into a little later). Management, if you read this, please recognize Ryan. He was nothing short of fantastic! He would probably remember our table, we were probably his only entertainment for the day. . Everyone at the table was going to get a margarita (except me, I cringed at the thought), and he recommended that by the time they all got the specialty margaritas, it would be about the same price as their "Tower of Margaritas:" a tap-operated, 5-foot tall tube loaded with ice and their traditional margarita that would serve everyone 2 margaritas...of course my friends opted for that. Not only this, but he brought out a few flavors when two of my friends didn't like the taste of the regular margarita. . . For food, we all know I needed food. Something. The only redemption was the fact that the corn soup I ordered was brought out right away. This dish just didn't taste that great, but I still knew I needed to eat it. So I did. . . However, when all the main dishes came out, I had just ordered the boneless buffalo wings. How hard is this? Really? These came out and it was like they had them frozen, but then the kitchen had them being cooked in the microwave for the entire duration since when Jimmy Buffet was born. I have never had more dry, tasteless, disgusting chicken in my entire life. I could barely chew it-- not to mention that they were room temperature. I ate about maybe 2-3 out of 12 and let the rest sit there. Absolutely pathetic. The rest of our party ended up with nachos-- a massive heap of tortilla chips with room temperature toppings that tasted old. Shame on you, Margaritaville. . . And, enter Ryan to the rescue (kind of). We didn't want to complain-- we had places to go-- but he craftily split everything at the table on the checks before we even asked; he split the massive margarita into 6, the nachos into 3, a last-minute pitcher of margz into 2, and another entree into 2 or 3. So easy. . . As miserable as I felt, I felt somewhat better towards the end (thank you, soup and water). So, I forced myself to have at least two drinks of the margarita. Unfortunately, I was once again not impressed. Sigh. . . Bottom Line: Three stars for service. Negative 1 for food. Gross.
This place is alright. Friend had the el diablo burger which was pretty good. Everything else was very average-tasting Mexican/American food, though the portions were sufficiently large and filling. Do NOT get the fish and chips, might be the worst fish and chips I've ever had. It looks and tastes more like a giant chicken nugget.. . On the plus side, there are people walking around with stilts which are very entertaining. Also, once in a while this girl dressed up as a mermaid dances in a volcano and does a sort of pole dance in a giant blender. So +.5 stars for entertainment, though I would still round down to 2.
We stopped here while walking the strip for an early lunch (11:30amish) as family on trip had been before and wanted to try again. This place probably was in its heyday back in the 80's, but it could use about 50 gallons of botox treatment if you catch my drift. . . The service was slow and far from friendly. I would guestimate that 50% of the food served wasn't eaten by the 8 people at the table - you be the judge.and let it be known that you were forewarned!
I've been to Margaritaville in Key West. I've been to Margaritaville in Jamaica. . . Hell, I had the distinct honor to do a shot with Jimmy Buffett once. Damn right I'm going to hit this Margaritaville while in Vegas.. . I ordered a burger, it was alright. I had two island lagers, they were fine. The bill was a little stupid. There was a cover band playing for about 5 minutes when we sat down for dinner. Because of that, it added another 10% "entertainment" tax to my bill, on top of the regular sales tax. I asked my server that if we had waited 5 minutes, would we still have been charged. She laughed, and shook her head.. . Right on. Would have been nice to know that before we sat down. To add insult to injury, they didn't even play any Buffett while we were there. . . If your coming to Margaritaville to break your Buffett cherry for the first time, skip the Las Vegas destination.
I really, really wanted to love it here. It was only okay. We went in on a Friday night at about 10 with a group of 8. The server took forever to take our orders, bring our food, refills, etc. The food was only okay, just warm not hot, when it came to the table. The music was great and it had a terrific vibe. Maybe it was just not our night there.
We walked the strip for what seemed like hours (only about 10 minutes) and needed something refreshing. He happened upon Margaritaville when a girl handed us and card with drink specials outside so we thought, why not?. We sat in the back and ordered up a few margaritas and pina coladas. Everything was definitely tasty and if I was ever to set foot in here again, I'd want to be sitting in one of those cute little boat tables. . . We came back the next night night to have a few more tasty bevies and my only complaint is, my boyfriend had left his phone on the bar (there was nobody else sitting at or around the bar but us and a bartender behind the bar) we were in deep conversation so he didn't notice till we were about to leave, that his phone was gone. He spoke to the bartender who refused to be any help whatsoever. He wouldn't check the cameras or do anything to help the situation. We were not impressed with this at all and the're only a few directions to point at since the only people in close vicinity was us and the bartender. . . This incident kinda soured me toward these kinds of Vegas establishments.
Disappointing. Service not too bad but the "signature" cheeseburger was the disappointment. It wasn't bad, just wasn't good. No taste to it. The waitress wasn't overly concerned, just the usual "Sorry". Not a terrible experience but not a place worth returning to.
Really not that good. Strong doesn't equal Perfect (Margarita).  Jambalaya okay, not great.  Wait staff going through motions.  Spend your Vegas dollars elsewhere .
My Aunt and Uncle were visiting from out of town and we were thinking of a fun place to take them to. I have been to Margaritaville a few times but it has been about 3 years ago. I thought they would enjoy the atmosphere and the floor show they have with the volcano and the girl sliding down into the big margarita pitcher. Here is a list of my total experience there:. 1. Called ahead and got priority seating which worked out good- highly recommend I did ask about the balcony outside but it was closed that night. No problem I thought they will enjoy the floor show. . 2. Ordered Chicken Caesar Salad- Not very big- soggy crouton and some soggy lettuce chicken was good but not very much.. . 3. Waited all through dinner to see the floor show(see above).after dinner the lights dimmed the margarita pitcher started to change color and bubble. The volcano started to steam- oh the anticipation!!! Then it stopped- that was it!!!! Asked our waiter who said that the water was bad! What? Very disappointing after talking it up to the relatives!!! . . I don't know when we will be back but I won't order that salad and I will call and ask about the show!
We are locals and this used to be our favorite restaurant. We had the locals card and would get a discount when we ate at the restaurant. The last time we dined there, I gave my locals card to the waiter when we ordered. At the end of the meal when we got our check I asked for my locals card back. I also noticed we did not receive a discount on the check. The waiter brought the card back CUT UP and told me they no longer accepted it, and that I needed to join the fins up club for special offers through email.  I didn't appreciate that he cut up my card -I would have liked to saved it as a souvenir. I thought that was pretty rude. We haven't gone back And don't plan to.
Huge disappointment.  I've been going to Margaritaville since it opened, taking friends out for the amazing mountain of nachos. Parrot Heads Beware, at 9 PM the extremely loud obnoxious bam bam bam dance music starts, and there is no more conversation. Taking some lawyer friends out for drinks and conversation, it was over when the music started.  You couldn't hear the server, and were yelling across the table to communicate.  Nothing like the terrific bands they had in the past. If the management thinks putting in this obnoxious music will increase business, they need to go out a look at their client demographic.  I will not go back as long as they continue to ruin the Jimmy Buffett atmosphere.  In my view, a horrible business decision.  Dozens of guest around us were all upset at the volume and music choice in this once clearly themed venue.
