This used to be my favorite airport in the country.  They have free wi-fi and plenty of places to eat, after all, which a lot of airports don't have.  But i found out tonight you cannot walk from C to D concourse without going through security.  And i tried!  It's not like i don't know my way around airports by now.  There is a is a glass door connecting C's tram stop to D's tram stop; it's just locked.  So it's not like access is impossible because of physical separation; instead, the airport planners made a conscious decision to throw up a glass wall with a locked door JUST to separate parts of the airport that don't need to be separated.  What is this, Kansas City?!?
How can such a small airport handle such large swarming crowds of sometimes drunk people? Very poorly. It's a highly traveled airport, always with tons of delays, long lines, cranky crabby people (workers and travelers) a severe shortage of seats while waiting for your flight....my head hurts just thinking of it. I dread coming to Vegas thinking of having to deal with anyone at McCarren. My suggestion is to carry-on your luggage-avoid the baggage claim and anything that would require you to spend an extra minute here. They do a decent job of herding people into the right gates but they stink as far as customer service...cracking a smile or a squeezing a hello from these peeps is like beating the house....nearly impossible in Vegas, apparently.
There is no other place on earth like the Las Vegas airport.  Everyone arriving is happy and trying to take everything in like it's their first day out in the real world.  How full of hope they are.  Landing in the Las Vegas airport gives a sense of expansiveness even though the place is dangerously full of people.  Leaving the Las Vegas airport is another story.  People tend to stare at their shoes in shame from whatever event is never to spoken again.  Or people are way too happy because they won fifteen bucks on video slots and scored a free drink.  Winner and loser alike are crammed into winding line where TSA are more handsy than homecoming dates.. . While waiting at the gate there are more slot and video poker machines incase you have any spare cash you'd love to piss away.  To be honest if it came down to putting money in an airport slot machine or getting an airport quesadilla, the slot machine wins every time.  At lease the slot machine won't give me diarrhea.  . . I'm always glad to go to Vegas to meet up with old friends and I'm always happy to leave the neon nightmare.
Would rate it a 3, but they happen to have a local posse of TSA humanoids that are the mouthiest I've seen. . . Also, amazed at the amount of fucktards playing slots. Wake up. These are worse odds than Keno or the Big Wheel when you walk into a casino. . . Still gets stars for amenities, Starbucks, food, all the stuff you'd expect.
Eeeeesh. I think I've been spoiled with San Diego & San Jose. . . The bathrooms here are nasty! There was this brown rust/goop trail from the hole in the sinks. Not enough seating. It looks so groddy!!!. . You'd think they'd give the place an upgrade with it being so busy. Wouldn't the monies from the slot machines help?! I KNOW I LOST 14 BUCKS ON THE STAR WARS SLOTS :(
This has to be one of my least favorite airports. First off, the terminal is super far from the entrance of the airport. Ok if you are flying Southwest, but United or Continental, be prepare to hike.. . Second, the passengers at this airport at the worst going through the security line. It is like they have never flown before. Maybe the bright lights got to them, or they are trying to figure out how to pay their mortgage after loosing big, but they are space cadets. No clue how to get through security. What this airport needs is one of those family/casual/expert traveler lanes, especially for this airport.. . The food choices in Terminal D suck. Just awful. And $3.09 for a bottled soda, you are kidding me. $5 for a bottle of water, is that even possible?. . What got to me was that their slots, the max credits is 15. That is right 15 credits on a $0.25 machine. So that means that you are playing $3.75 a spin, and with $20 it doesn't last that long all! I'll stick to the casinos where the max bet is 3 credits.
The building quite nice, but everything is ridiculously over priced. Six dollars for a price of pizza, four for a bag of candy. There aren't many places to recharge electronics, other than a few recharge stations tucked away; trivial compared to other airports.. . They do have lots of slot machines, so hey, if that's your thing, you may be able to actually afford food.
Not a fan. Dirty and so busy and if you ever fly out on a sunday give yourself a min of 2 hours to get to your flight.
This airport is a work of art. It was carefully crafted and constructed to embody the entire Las Vegas experience. And of course, resemble a Vegas style hook up. Remember, whatever happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, unless it's herpes. That's the gift that keeps on giving.. . When you arrive, the airport is a full fledged casino that is bubbling with energy and features plenty of space, slick and shiny slot machines, decent restaurants, an upbeat crowd that looks fresh and beautiful and put together, and a smiling staff ready to welcome you to the party. It all makes the quite the impression and you fall quickly for the superficial charms.. . But when leave, the airport is a full fledged dump that is lathered in depression and features tight quarters, outdated slot machines, less than desirable fast food joints, an exhausted crowd is falling apart at the seams and running on fumes, and a grumpy staff that is quick to show you the door. It all leaves quite the impression and you grow to hate the superficial charms you once fell for.. . It is reminiscent of a Las Vegas style hook up where someone uses you for the night and then kicks you out before you can pass out in their room. You end up enduring the walk of the shame at 6 A.M., hungover, tired, and with the desert sun beating down on you. You feel like a dying vampire and the sun makes you want to kill yourself before your face melts off. Oh wait. That last part happens when you take the drug called "Charlie Sheen.". . Anyway, that pretty much is a Vegas style hook up. Well, at least that's what my friend told me from his hook up experiences in Vegas. But he doesn't have herpes. No really, I swear.
Absolutely the WORST security people ever!  The line for security was ridiculous and the people working it were even worse.  The held up the whole line for a tiny thing of toothpaste that wasn't in a plastic bag.  Seriously?  I understand you need liquids in a plastic bag - and I don't have any issues going through security because I follow the rules - but to hold up the line for over 45 minutes for a simple little thing of toothpaste is absolutely ridiculous. . Throw it out and move on.. . Incredibly slow and power hungry employees make for a horrible experience.  I'm just glad I didn't miss my flight.
i think the most disappointing thing about this airport is when you re leaving or if you ve been to vegas before. its a pretty typical airport (and ive honestly been in over 20) but when you see how much money and how nice most hotels in vegas are you get back into McCarren and you re just disappointed. the food selection there REALLY sucks, oh and outlets to charge laptops, cell phones, or ipods, are very few and far between. if you re looking for one, look for the small clusters of people together on the floor outside the bathrooms, or at the pay phones. . but there is free wifi, that is a plus.
This place ... has its own type of charm -- only if you define charm as dilapidated, dark, and a bit haunting.. . The airport is ridden with slot machines (like any other commercial building in Las Vegas), so go wild if that's your thing.. . The people here are quite the atypical bunch. You normally do run into some strange people whenever you're in any airport terminal, but those strangers seem to come in much higher concentrations here. I dared not look at anyone during my 1:18 layover on the way back to sunny San Diego.. . The choices for food here were very very limited. When Wendy's literally becomes the most appetizing of all eateries at an airport, you know you're in trouble.. . Anyway, I'd avoid flying through here unless you're actually traveling TO Vegas. It's kind of a dump and you should want to minimize your time spent here.
Pros: Fast taxi service, a people-watching mecca, decent amount of food/drink choices, and slot machines (although I've never heard about anyone winning big here).. . Cons: I don't know why but many of my flights through here have been delayed, baggage claim always is slow and super packed.
If you're traveling through McCarran International, make sure you allow time.  When you're leaving Las Vegas -- you MUST allow 1 hour to get checked in, through security and to your gate (and that's when I'm a Premier member with the airline I fly most often).  Good luck....arrive early.
Granted, I do not fear Las Vegas. I loathe it so, though. And... the airport takes everything I don't like about the place and smooshes it into one place -- making me that much further away from all the things I love about Las Vegas. . . *The only airport that always, always, always offers a shot after you order a beer (I inquired and it gets about a 30% return rate). . . *Pitiful food options (Chili's To Go is about all there is other than pre-made sandwiches). . . *If you gamble, you'll love it. If you don't, you wonder why the slot machine space isn't taken up with bean bags and foot massage parlors. . . *There's giant chicks in bikinis toting guns on posters (not cool). . . They do have life size tile wall displays of each sex for each bathroom rather than small door signs. That's all that stands out to me. . . Oh, and the always bumpy landing. . . Oh, and their departure screens aren't big enough to display every flight, so you break out in sweats wondering why your flight isn't on the board! . . Yes, this review is one big *harrumph.*
What a cruddy airport. It's ugly and uncomfortable.  The food choices in the southwest terminal are awful.  At least it has free Internet.
This airport requires a tram ride between ticketing/baggage claim and the terminals.  I hate tram rides in airports.  Most of the time I'd just rather walk.. . Also, the rental car center is a shuttle ride away.  I realize this is becoming more and more common with the bigger airports, but I don't like paying all of the "airport recovery fees" on my car rental and still having to take a shuttle bus to get the car!. . The passenger pickup area is also really confusing and McCarran is always packed and seems difficult to navigate.. . Bonus points for the slot machines, though!
Airport isn't bad, tsa is rude and liars.
It's Vegas and I would expect a more classy airport.  But it does what it is suppose to do.
I thought the flight attendant was joking about slot machines in front of the gate- connection flight to SJC.  Well, it was sad to see that this place is basically a casino with terminals and gates- tacky 70's interior of beige carpeting and swivel seats for slot machine players.  Flight into Vegas was just as alarming like a scene out of "Bridesmaid".  The whole back section of our Southwest flight was drunk and loud on our morning flight.  Everyone was turning there heads to see a bunch of unruly college kids under the influence.  Dining options are a bit spotty but gate service was fine.  Great view of the mountains from here.  I just think this place needs to be renovated since it looks really tacky on the inside.
Although this airport looks good for a place that is used by thousands of people on a daily basis, there are still things that are odd. Some parts of the airport do not have air conditioning which is weird since its in the middle of the desert. The food court near "C" gates smelled bad and had food and trash all over the place. Just a weird place to be in. Other than that, decent and fast security lines and service.
OMG, almost got into a physical fight with a woman here. The line for check in was REALLY long, mind you we were an hour early. Some flights were delayed and 30 minutes before take-off, the line did not get any shorter. So workers decided to let people "cut" whoevers flight was taking off first. This is understandable, because it would be worst if we missed our flight but they handled it the wrong way. . . This was "sprit" airlines btw.
You mean I get to gamble while waiting for my flight??. . This airport is seriously lacking food options.  Eat before (or after) you come here.. . The security line moved pretty quick.  You know what doesn't?  The taxi line.  Prepare to wait out in the hot desert heat a while.. . Free wifi is a plus!
Meh. Its confusing to try and find where to be picked up by a private party, I felt like I walked 4 miles to get from y gate to the parking garage despite the ease of the moving walkways. I rather fly into Vegas than drive from my home in SoCal, but I wish the Airport was a little more user-friendly.
I like the free WiFi and easy security lines, but otherwise this airport is completely unremarkable. It's Vegas, right, so the airport is basically a means to an end. Blah food options and low-end airport amenities make McCarran a bore.
L'aeroport de Las Vegas est en pleine ville. Donc a l'atterrissage ou au decollage, il est astucieux d'etre pres d'un hublot.. . L'aeroport en lui-meme n'est vraiment pas terrible. Quelques machines a sous, un fast food et un pizza hut se battent en duel. La aussi, le Duty free n'est pas exceptionnel : bref, pour une ville comme Vegas, il y a des progres a faire !
Inefficient gateways. Need to shuttle everywhere. Slow security checkpoint lines.
Its an airport so there isnt much difference from one to another but I am writing one short little two star review cause this airport does not post which airlines are at which terminals. So if you dont check ahead of time (which I never remember to do) you just end up riding around looking for your airline terminal. Thats LAME!
You would think that the major casino corporations would have poured some money into this place to make it not a shit hole.. . They have a Nascar themed bar that is a special slice of hell.
This place reminds me of Fear and Loathing...
Slot machines in the waiting areas...need I say more.  I was waiting at the airport for a few friends to arrive and could not find a bathroom that easily, an outlet to charge my phone, or a place to get away from posters displaying the shows on the strip.  I know its Vegas, but can't I wait to get out of the airport before the insanity begins?
Prince to pauper and pauper to prince. That is the way you can describe any Las Vegas arrival or departure at the McCarran International Airport. Considering how much money flows through Las Vegas you'd think that they'd spend a little coin on making this place a little nicer but I guess it's all gone into the slot machines like everything else in town. Maybe keeping it ugly is part of their plan so that you leave a little happier?. . Ugh that stripper stole all my money. What? She was a he? Great. I'm so happy I'm leaving this ugly airport.. . Ugh what was I thinking when I married that girl last night? What? She was a he? I'm so happy I'm leaving this ugly airport.. . Ugh I'm so hung over, I can't wait to sleep on the plane and go home to Hawaii. I'm totally getting an annulment from my she-man wife. I'm so happy I'm leaving this ugly airport.. . Yup...totally left ugly on purpose!. . Yelp 365 Challenge: #31/365 (The Ugh!)
You would think for being in Vegas that this airport would be as the same as the strip.. Has horrible areas to eat at while waiting for your flight and please, please turn on some air freaking humid...
Ok why does the gate have to be like a million miles away?  I swear that tram ride gets longer every time I go.  When you get there, it seems ok.  I guess the anticipating of getting to the strip has you distracted from the fact that it is a long way to get out of the airport.. . On the way home, everything is miserable.  The long walk to security.  The horrible long lines, even when I flash my badge to go through the express lane.  The ride on the tram seems like you gone a mile to get to this 3-story escalator.  When you get to the top you are greeted by restaurants that makes your hangover worse from all the greasy smell in the air.  The only good experience I had was getting bored from a delayed flight and slipping a $5 bill into the slot machine and winning $87.00, 10-minutes later.
I travel plenty and have had the opportunity to experience many an airports. I hate McCarran, and it's not just because I'm leaving the greatest city on earth. I judge airports heavily on the quality of their TSA agents and McCarran has some of the worst. I'm wearing skinny jeans and a fitted t and you still think I'm smuggling a bomb in my bra?! Maybe instead of investing in the full body scanners ya'll could have bought some better TSA staff. . . I'll be back, but only for vegas.
I wasn't here very long, just long enough to half kill myself walking five miles, loaded down with carry ons, from my arrival gate to the departure gate.  Ugh.  If you're gonna make people walk halfway across the city for a connecting flight, at least provide some sort of shuttle or something.  NOT an airport I care to go through again.
I've been here before without problems, but recently I was very confused and displeased. For some reason, they couldn't figure out how to make the ramp work, so we had to stay on the plane for an extra 20+ minutes. Then after waiting at our baggage claim for a bit (to be expected), we were told they were unable to get the baggage compartment on the plane open... another 1.5 hr wait! . . This could be a string of isolated experiences, but it was no bueno nonetheless.
This airport is terrible for an international one.. They seriously need some remodeling done. It's nearly impossible to find an electrical outlet to charge your items anywhere near your gate. . The WiFi is spotty too.... . and get used to the taxi line of doom!
Security line is extremely unpredictable. It may take 15 or 75 minutes to clear....
Ugggghh, I travel quite a bit and this airport is annoying as hell to get out of.  There is no issue arriving there but people and workers are annoying.  I couldn't wait to get on the plane and get the hell out of there.   The layout is annoying and the food selection was the worst I've experienced at an airport.
This airport is only coveted for the destination that it leads its fliers too... the view of the Strip is the only thing that redeems this hotel. The tacky slot machines in the center of the terminal is one thing, but they dont even have a smoker's lounge (its vegas for god's sake!) There are not that many options for food at the airport. Also, it is a TINY airport with a lot of traffic and THE TRAFFIC LINE OF DOOM in itself is a catastrpohe. To its defense, you can drink while you are in line, which i saw many people doing.
If you only flew in and out of the beautifully modern D concourse, you would never know the hassle of trekking through the carpeted & outdated A, B or C concourses.  Free WiFi is spotty and finding electrical outlets near a seat is a challenge.  Food choices are limited near most gates.  If you are connecting to different airlines here, do allow yourself at least one hour between flights, as different(or in some cases, the same airline) may be in different concourses, far far away...
As soon as you get off the plane, the sound of slot machines warmly welcome you to the City of Sin where all bets are off, no rules, all fun.  Welcome to the place where an adult can be a kid.  Make your way through the glitzy airport, grab your bags, and do... whatever you please in Las Vegas.  The city is your oyster!. . But when you head back to catch your flight back home (most likely broke) make sure you keep your eyes away from the slots to avoid being tempted to spend your last $1 on a broken dream.  . . IMHO, they could really do a nice renovation of Terminal 2... Us Hawaiians need some snazzy, impressive displays of Vegas glam, too!  Just sayin'...
This airport is dirty, ridiculous, and not user friendly. What I mean by user friendly is... they need more outlets around the airport, so folks traveling for business can plug their lap tops and cell phones into for charging.  If you have a lay over here... good luck! I hope you're not late! You'll be walking a good mile before you reach your destination. As if traveling isn't already stressful. This airport adds to the stress... not to mention, you have slots machines every where- lose money quickly if you dare.
For being in Vegas, the people working at this place are major buzzkills!  . . Flying out here we packed up our luggage nice and tight.  Clothes and toiletries in one checked bag and booze in the other... don't judge me, it's VEGAS!  So, we're heading back to Orlando and the woman asks me if I had anything fragile inside my luggage and I said yes, glass.  She goes on to ask if I had alcohol and me, being the honest (and half drunk) person I am, say yes.  She halfway scowls and gripes about needing a certain pouch to put the bottles in, not ladylike or nice at all!  I was fine to go ahead and pay to get said pouches, but when she unzips and finds an open bottle nestled tight in a towel she says this terrible phrase, "you have to get rid of this."  WHAT?!  It was awful and my friend flying with would not have it and started offering free shots for everyone!  . . Reading over this I see the problem... haha.  So glad TSA let us through the gates and we made it on home.. . It's also a quite dated airport with few options for food and bev while waiting around, just sayin.
The airport itself is pretty standard. . . The cab line can be ridiculously long. Even though the strip is literally a mile away from your gate as the crow flies it can take 45 minutes to an hour to get there.. . The security lines always seem longer than most, especially for the legacy carriers.. . The food choices past security are pretty lame.
An average airport with an attempt at Vegas glitz that is actually annoying more than interesting.. . Coming into McCarran is fairly easy, but the taxi time is usually substantial and the walk to the baggage area can be long. Signage is mediocre and sometimes hard to follow...especially when trying to find the taxi stand.. . Speaking of the taxi stand, it is massively long, but well-run and quick for the amount of people being shuffled through. There are little-to-no smoking restrictions outside of the airport, so persons waiting for a taxi are often subjected to second hand smoke. The people watching is amusing, though, so maybe it's worth it. Watch out for cabbies that take you the long way to the Strip, though. Vegas needs to get control of that.. . The food offered at McCarran is chain-based and underwhelming. Bathrooms are surprising large and relatively clean. There are charging stations in a few places, so that's nice, but the chairs are uncomfortable. The chairs are fine, but you are subjected to the noise from the many slot machines in just about all areas of the airport. I have never liked this.. . If I am not going to Vegas, I try to avoid connections through McCarran. There are definitely better airports in the U.S. and definitely on the West Coast.
Always slow, always overloaded. I have flown through here many times, and normally it takes 40-60 minutes to get through security. That in itself makes this airport annoying enough.. . The slot machines are always funny, and there is a decent selection of food. This is the reason for the additional star.
For a city that embodies glitz and glamor, you would think the airport would be a little bit nicer.  Out of all the places I have flown in and out of, I think the Vegas airport is one of my least favorite airports.  . . Dismal food choices, cramped conditions, and an abundance of slot machines makes this place a horrible spot to be stuck in.  Looking out the windows during my layover to CA, I remembered the food I had on my last trip.  Wonderful, over the top and memorable, my mouth began to water.  Here I looked around the airport and what did I end up settling for....Sabarro.  Ick.  The charging stations were packed so I had to find a outlet on the wall and sit on the floor and the inside of the airport is just a poor reflection of what Las Vegas is.  When you fly into Nashville, you get the feeling of Country Music or even Providence you are greeted with ocean feelings.  You get nothing at the Vegas airport.. . The only thing that I do like about this airport is maybe Ethels....if I want chocolate and that Southwest has a hub here.
It is time for a major overhaul of this airport. It was great in the early 80's, and I am sure was quite modern. Now, it looks it's age and is in need of a major renovation. It would also be much better if it was more clear as to where you were going, and how you will get there. Unless you know that you need to take the tram to the main terminal you will not know that you need to do so to get your bags. If you have done it more than once, then no big deal. The baggage claim is very spacious and plenty of room, however it would be better if there was more information for you to know where to get your bags from rather than following all the same people from your flight and see where they go. I also wish the food shops were a little nicer as well, but again a major renovation will take care of a lot of that.
One of my least favorite airports in the country. Stay away from those slots!
This airport is funny. Once you enter when getting off the flight, you immediately see and hear slot machines.. . I'd figure that since Vegas is such a high end city that they should definitely have a fancier airport. This airport is just like any other airport if not worse. They do not have outlets near the waiting area, instead there is a designated "Recharge" area to charge cellphones/laptops, etc. It isn't very convenient and there's only a couple chairs there to wait.. . Bathroom is pretty nice though and everything else is pretty neat.
Huge. Overpriced everything. $9 subs. Very sparse food selection.
If you don't want to wait nearly an hour for your luggage, pack light and carry on, because you will be at baggage claim LONG before your luggage arrives there.  Compared to LAX, O'Hare and even Miami (which is terrible), LAS has to be filled with the rudest, most self-centered people. You literally could be limping on a sprained ankle, carrying a purse and carry on bag and between you and your husband, have another 3 suitcases to maneuver, and still you should not expect anyone to be courteous enough to move for you.  What you can expect is to walk 100 miles to baggage claim, wait for 30 minutes or more for the 1st piece of luggage (which will not be yours) to drop onto the carousel, fight mean stares and rude people to get out to the Taxi line, just to round the corner and see you will be getting a taxi just about in time to catch your flight home, in three days.. . Here's a tip:  Either schedule a car service to meet you at the airport (yes, it will cost you $65 and YES, it is worth not having to wait in a taxi line) or look for a dude in a suit, pushing a luggage cart around, who you can tip $1 per bag and he will help you cut in line to get a taxi. Do not, in an circumstance, rent a car in this "traffic from you-know-where" city.  I lived outside of Philly for two years and cannot imagine driving in this place.
I love traveling to Vegas, but their airport here sucks. I've been stopped multiple times here where some of the TSA's were just doing wayyyyy too much. Anyways, the airport is older, not modern at all. I admit to be spoiled by the beautiful SFO, but I wish they would do something to spruce up McCarran. Aside from the environment here, I always make it through and make it on time to my flight so I can't complain about that. I will be returning to LAS again, so I have no choice but to travel through McCarran.
+'s:. Close to the Strip. Transportation To and From is a snap. Security lines while sometimes long, they run smoothly. . -'s:. Holy Moley OUTDATED. Everything is as over priced as in the Strip. Not a good first impression overall
This airport is like old Vegas, you know its there, but you just kinda go there to walk through it to get someplace else. . . It's a very awesome feeling getting off the plane and then immediately be greeted by slot machines. As for everything else at this airport, it's your basic runabout airport with no frills, just a workhorse for the people coming in and out of Vegas for conventions, meetings,  21st bdays, and "crazy" bachelor/ette parties. . . Be prepared to run into some characters when you roll up in here... Don't be scared, just enjoy it, you see much more when you get into Vegas. I guess this does give this airport some personality and some "charm". So just enjoy your stay!
This is probably one of the ugliest airports I have ever been to.  The whole place looks dirty and smells like an ashtray. It is so haggard that if you turned the airport into a human, it would look like one of those hung over frat boys doing the walk of shame after a night of debauchery.  The toilets do not flush well.  Some signs posted to tell you where you're headed are a bit confusing. The slot machines scattered around the area are basically slots to dump your left over money (because Vegas wouldn't let you leave with a penny left in your pocket). It makes you wonder where they spend the money on the revenue collected by the slots because it sure as hell not going towards "beautifying" the airport.  The restaurant/food choices are atrocious and they do not provide any quality choices.  When full, the taxi queue moves incredibly slow. . . I think it's disappointing to see that this city, where glitz and glamour are idealized, has an airport that states otherwise.  I at least expect them to be as nice as San Francisco Airport....but nooooo!  This one makes me feel like I landed in Reno, Nevada. They definitely need to step their game up.
I may be biased since I'm not a huge fan of Vegas, but this airport is obnoxious, slow, and inefficient. I avoid it whenever possible.
It's no wonder why people drive to Vegas from Phoenix. From having to get to your airport an hour before your flight to waiting for your bags at McCarran it is just as fast to drive. I have flown into McCarran about 100 times and whenever I can I don't check in my bags. They have a very slow baggage claim and it is total chaos to get your bag. Must be all the people trying to get to the tables as fast as they can.
Typical airport with slot machines. At first I thought it would be a fun way to pass time, so I played for a little bit. When I finally ended my game and went off to read, I realized that the machine's volume needed to be turned way down. Outside of the volume issue it was a typical airport.
Pretty cool airport. I love the tram that connects one side of the airport to the other. TSA lady I got was a total b! She yelled at me for not pushing my items through when I HAD pushed my items through! She thought the stuff belonging to the guy behind me was mine. Pay attention lady! She made me take off my bracelet and earrings when CDG and LAX didn't. Whatever lady! The TSA guy guy who checked my ticket and ID was really nice though. There are slot machines conveniently located in the airport so Vegas can take any last penny you may still have left over from your visit.
Accessibility:This airport is actually quite close to the Las Vegas Strip (i.e. 10-15 minutes ride for most hotels) Several options for shuttle service and if you are traveling light I would even recommend taking the Public Transport (a trick I learned after travelling here for the umpteenth time) . Location:Towards the South and East end of the strip I would day its about 5 KM from the main drag. Hotel: not that I know off. Food: Quite a few options though I haven't tried many except the main chain offerings.. Shops: Duty Free is tiny in the terminal AC flies out (terminal 2) . I didn't have time to check the one in the main terminal (terminal 1) . Car Rental: Now this is the most ridiculous part of this airport the car rental depot is way way far from the airport and actually it takes the same time to get to the car rental terminal by free bus that it takes to get to the South end of the strip!. Tip: If you are not renting a car (advisable for small group) share a cab with someone as almost everyone is heading to the strip (I even bypassed the line when some called out the name of the hotel I was staying in and jumped the line) One can get here from the local bus service during certain times but off peak one can get here South Strip Transfer Terminal . I was regular at this airport for a while then the trips became less frequent but I somehow still manage to come here every once in a while.. Terminal 2 is the one I used quite a bit as Air Canada flies here directly. Not a good place to be if you ask me the place is just rotting with old and uncomfortable chair and carpet everywhere. Not much in term of food options or stuff to do to kill time but I guess most direct international flight arrive here. Its also hard to find a shuttle from here though getting a cab or limo is easier as there isn't much of a line up as there aren't many passengers in terms of volume.. Terminal 1 fares better as it is much larger. It is starting to show its age though as garish colors and decor makes you want to spend little time here. The bars here push a lot to up sell you a shot or get a bigger glass. . Overall this place has strange vibe, you see the energy when people are coming in as they have dreams of winning big or having a blast of time. While the people departing have a subdued sadness (perhaps getting over the hangover or mistakes made) and then there are people who are just doing the math in their head on how much they have lost in terms of gambling money :)
flew in an out of international terminal or terminal 2. Very sub par, they need to finish the new international terminal very soon cause this one does not have much to offer accept a shorter wait for a cab.
The people that work here are rude! SFO definitely way better.
So-so.  The things I like about this airport:  good transportation options that are easy to find; security lines are usually not too bad even when there are a ton of people; free wi-fi; slot machines!   But there are so many things that are poor/gross about this place:  everything looks/feels grimy; smells like cigarette smoke; poor food options; overcrowded gates with too little seating.
This place isn't terrible, but it's a bit of a mess.. . Checking in is a breeze, which is nice. There are check in computers that serve all airlines, which makes it easy. That's kind of where the niceness stops.. . Despite a long security line, they only had two x-ray machines open, which meant I waited in long line to show my boarding pass, and then an equally long line to go through the metal detector. They weren't short staffed, so why make it so hard?. . The terminal felt a little dingy-not necessarily dirty, but it felt a little decrepit. . . I guess the key is to make it you can try to spend the least amount of time possible here.
For being such an airport with so much traffic, this one is very lacking.  Out of all of my stops at McCarran, I've yet to find even a place worth eating at.  It's dark and dirty and has an air of sadness.  Maybe because the travelers are headed home with much lighter wallets.  . . Either way, Las Vegas needs to make some changes here.
Being the airport of Las Vegas I guess I expected a little bit more from this arport. I love the idea of having slots in the terminals for that last ditch effort to cash in a big win, but really there is not much else to this airport.. . One good thing is that the airport offers free wifi. That's pretty much it.. . Food is pretty sparse from my experience. A lot of the service desks were shut down and people were just kind of huddled everywhere because there wasn't much room. It's just kind of a dank room you're in. I know airports aren't glitzy, but this place could use a good scrub down.. . Maybe they want the airport to be as seedy as the reputation of it's strip has? If that's the case then they sure are doing a great job.
1.5 stars, rounded up because one star reviews make me so sad.. . Foolish me was not paying attention while planning a trip and ended up here with a five hour layover beginning at 9pm.  We were headed home to Hawaii, and thought it would be fine.  Land, grab some food, catch some sleep, hop on the plane, continue our sleep, and be home in time for breakfast with friends.  I did not count on the airport not being ready to help me with my plans.. . Why, oh why, in an airport with flights at all hours of the day and night, would all of the restaurants close at 9pm?  Why would the only things open be the news stand and a pizza hut serving whatever had been under the heat lamp for the past few hours?  . . Why, oh why, would there be no signs telling people how to get from the main terminal to the itty bitty terminal one needs to find to check into Hawaiian Airlines?  And why when you find your way to the itty bitty terminal would there be nothing warning you that you won't get to check in until an hour before your flight, no matter that the pre-security waiting area is nothing more than a line of empty counters and a few scattered seating areas?  No food, hidden restrooms, and no space for the plane-full of people who assembled, waiting for the check-in process to begin.  Most of my layover was spent standing, waiting for someone to fire up the computer.  I've never cursed having checked luggage more than for this flight, not even the time I moved from Germany to Korea with a 6 year old and 9 bags all weighing 70 pounds each.  . . Because the flight was not available for check in ahead of time, I had to stay ahead of the high school group which filled the entire coach section of the plane.  There were a few hundred teenagers, their adult handlers, and a few scattered families and other late night travelers. We were easy to pick out, as we were the only ones not wearing the school colors (maroon and white) and we were the ones battling to be first in line so we could find places to sit once we made it past security.. . At some point during my endless purgatory, a friendly worker asked me if I had enjoyed my time in Vegas.  I explained that  I had been to Vegas before, and enjoyed it very much, but that this was just a layover.  I also told him that this was quite possibly the worst airport experience I'd had in 40 years of air travel, and that if I never returned to Vegas it was simply because I wanted to avoid this airport.. . Obviously, I have realized that the on-the-spot review might have been a bit harsh, so I've settled on rounding up to two stars instead of down to one. The rounding up has everything to do with the staff, almost all of whom were friendly and as helpful as they could be, considering the constraints of the actual airport.
Every time I fly into this airport, I dislike it more. Of all the places to connect, you think this would be the one of the nicest...it most certainly isn't. It's always crowded and filled with hung-over-hipsters. All the food I've had is awful and this place feels like purgatory. Avoid it if you can.
As if losing all your money on the strip from gambling, expensive restaurants, and pricey shopping didn't hurt enough...you leave Las Vegas through a neglected airport with filthy bathrooms, poor dining options and limited seating. I know it is just a port of entry/departure but dang, couldn't the hotels chip in a tiny bit to make a good impression for travelers?  I added one bonus star for their no - smoking enforcement.
Oh LV Airport, you scare me. No, your security line up people scare me. The yelling. WHY MUST YOU YELL? See, that's not nice. It makes people not want to listen to you when you yell. Next time, be nice.. . The airport itself is fine, but the gates get too packed, and you find yourself STANDING without a seat, and that sucks, especially when you're tired. Oh well.
Disgusting.  Going to this airport is like going to the shittiest casino ever.  It smells, looks and acts like a shitty casino.  The good news is that if you're in Vegas for the first time the airport gets you ready for what you're in for.  Lots of smoke, lots of slot machines, lots of badly dressed people and lots of bad tattoo choices.  If I could upgrade this review by a half star for the awesome people watching, I would.
Pretty outdated airport and not "TECH" friendly .. I enjoyed the FREE Wi-fi but only good for web surfing, InstaGram or FB'ing and definitely NOT streaming. Tip for McCarran International Airport: #1 "MUST" for travelers .. OUTLETS!!!
This is a crappy airport especially considering its freaking Vegas. Can't the mega fancy resorts throw a couple bucks at this place and actually make it nice. It is functional and right on the strip, but other than that I can't name one good thing about it.
Airports suck and this one is no exception.
Oddly smells like popcorn..but in that "covering up a smell" bad way.
Not one of my favorite airports.. . For a place that always seems busy, the terminals seem undersized and the signage seems lacking.  Food choices are limited behind security.. . I will say this though - the folks who run the stores really seem to know their business and have been quite helpful and very friendly.
Have flown out of this airport twice recently, and all I can say is that it's supposed to be an airport- not a mall. It seems like there was way too much thought and consideration given to retail placement and options rather than, I don't know, travelers. I don't even mind the slot machines, but when I have to wind my way past ten stores to get from C16 to C23, that's a little ridiculous. . . I don't know if it's the constant construction this airport seems to be under, or just that it's a deceptively large airport, but I've barely been able to make connecting flights before and there was no delay. And this is within the same terminal, too, with timing allotted for such a thing. Maybe it was just a bad day or something.. . That being said, there are several shopping and dining options available in terminal C, if you didn't get enough of that on your actual vacation. There's a NY Bagel place that is pretty tasty- I prefer warm food rather than cold prepackaged sandwiches/salads, and this was one of the options that wasn't as "smelly" for disturbing other people on my flight when I got hungry.. . I have found that the employees here are pretty efficient- security was backed up but not as bad as I'd expected. Flights leave on time if not slightly early and boarding started sooner than I expected. There was very little wait time or time spent on the tarmac, which is always a plus in my book. For those of you running late to your flight though, this might not be so great.
Seems like I am always on Southwest when going through LAS, and that terminal is the worst.  The food options range from awful to disgusting.  The security lines are long (but do seem to be improving). I try to avoid this airport like the plague - but alas have another trip to LV upcoming...ugh.
As someone who fearlessly uses public transit to get to/from airports when I can, I fully expected the Vegas Monorail to connect to the airport. Shame on me for not researching that further, but shame on Vegas for pandering to the cabbies. The Monorail comes so close, but not quite because the airport is setup to be a boon for the cab drivers. Isn't there enough demand on the Strip? Sigh...$40 spent round trip to get to/from an airport so close was frustrating. But what else should expect for Vegas.. . Also frustrating was the hike to get to the D gates. A bit rough for a 6am flight, or any other flight for that matter. I will say that the airport was surprisingly clean, and signs were informative. It was also nice that some restaurants were open at 4:30am on a Monday, and I recommend Burke in the Box if you're in the D gate area.. . Overall not a terrible airport, but am certainly "Meh. I've experienced better."
Trams back and forth are not fun.  Not enough security to run people through efficiently. LAX, and SLC are much better.  And the Delta check in here is freaking ridiculous I mean seriously they have flights stacked every ten minutes and nowhere near enough help. even when we checked in online the night before.  Seriously only two people to check in luggage. Could use restrooms closer to trams.
McCarran Intl Airport has become a cluster--too crowded, always 'renovating' but that's really code for more slot machines and less food options. Glad my plane wasn't more than 15 minutes late or I would have starved to death...or lost my mortgage payment hoping for one more spin on Wheel of Fortune. Great people watching but no compliment to the Vegas clientele.
Reviewing airports? Guess I was compelled to after being yelled at by the annoying, power tripping, airport staff lady who thought it was okay to bark at anyone trying to avoid her escalator line control on the way up to the TSA security line. For a city dependent on people dumping their money on the strip, you'd think they'd up their efforts to provide a better gateway and experience to their patrons.. . Then again, the airport is okay at best most of the time especially when you think about the trainwreck that JFK & LAX can be. McCarran doesn't seem that bad anymore. Talk about low standards.. . Arriving at McCarran is usually a smooth affair, the walk to the heavily advertised, spam filled baggage claim can be pretty fast even in the narrow corridors throughout the airport. Getting a taxi or shuttle is straightforward and the airport shuttle to the car rental center is a breeze & really convenient.. . Leaving is bit more difficult. Crowded check in terminals with not much space to move, long TSA lines, and not enough seating at the gates which are probably too close to one another. However, these complaints are all pretty trivial since it could be far worse in my past experience.
Dingdingdingdingdingdingding whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop tinkadinkatinkadinkatinkadinka.. . The noise and flashy lights don't stop 'til you get on the plane, folks. I'm surprised there aren't slots actually on the jetway. My friggin' head...
Flew in here again for Utah trip.  Same memories again.  Layout is confusing to figure out where you get picked up by friends/family.  Tiny little exit for this and other exits for buses and taxis.  Police actually whistle for you to cross from baggage claim to pick-up/drop-off area.  Only highlight was to find a Wells Fargo conveniently located for me to pick up some cash at the ATM.
Crowded, noisy, and expensive.
Ugh. Do you like extremely busy not-so-clean airport terminals? Then McCarran's is the place for you!. . Let's just say- it gets the job done. But security lines can be a nightmare. And the restaurant options are downright depressing.
The only other worse airport I have been than this one is Miami, this place is the pits.. . Hopefully, with the new terminals that should be open very very soon will make this much better.  The bars [imagine this] are ALWAYS full and there's never seating. The food choices suck, the restrooms-- I'd rather hold it. Breakfast choices here stink too, if you have a really early flight, it's Popeye's or the 500 people deep line at Starbucks, so pick your poison!. . Baggage claim is a nightmare and for the love of good the TSA security checks.  Ok here's the thing w/ TSA please make a 65+ line, if we do that, this process might go so much smoother. I'm OK with retirees having their very own line.  And the blue carpet that smells like your high school gym...ugh. . . There is free wifi....when it works.
Picked up a friend at the airport.  The signs were confusing and downright contradictory in some cases, and we got routed to the international terminal instead of the domestic one.  Im sure my experience on the inside of the airport will be better next time, but they need to fix the signs so Im not driving around like a idiot.  Also, Im an idiot.
As if the airport wasn't ugly enough and the layout both annoying and tedious, McCarran had to assault our eardrums the entire time we were waiting at our gate with loud pop-twang country dog crap.  And they chose the worst of it too.  I had to reattach my ears when I got back to Portland, because they pretty much quit on me and walked away with a suitcase after being subjected to that torture.  The passenger clearly on a ton of meth (don't ask me how the TSA didn't notice) following us around with her tongue out didn't help either.. . At least the security was nearly empty and quick as a beat.  That was about the only good thing.
The worst gate connections on southwest flights.  We had 10 minutes to go across the airport and almost misses our flight. They need to do a better job of getting people to the correct gates.
The ONLY thing good about this airport is the fact that it is in VEGAS!!!!. . They tried to prevent me from getting on my plane because I was tipsy and they thought I was drunk.  I mean SERIOUSLY!!!  I'm in Vegas, you cannot expect me to be sober, even if I'm heading back home to L.A.
The airport feels pretty run down. It's always busy and it's difficult to find where you're going.. . Downsides. - There are big gates that prevent you from walking across streets to the rental car areas. You get herded like cattle because there are so many taxi cabs there.. - Security can take upwards of 40 minutes for Delta.. - It's a long walk towards the actual gates and you have to take a tram to get there.. - No free wifi.
Well.. I can understand a place being so run down in such an financially drained city... but... this place was pretty gross.  Huge, nasty stains on the carpeting.  The bathrooms left me feeling like I should've waited till I was on the plane (seriously) and of course... our fellow passengers were pretty run down too.  . They had super speedy and friendly security service but the signs leading you to gates pointed you back out to security..  And it wasn't an obvious mistake.. we had to walk quite a while lugging our carry ons at 5am after a long, crazy Vegas stay... purposeful confusion??? I hope not. . We were welcomed to our gate by the blinding rising sun to seats of utter discomfort.  More huge stains on the floor.. nasty, toothless, mouth agape women... and... the worst of it... horrible LOUD music.  We had to sit at our gate for over an hour (thanks awesome speedy security) listening to this terrible stuff.   I'd rather listen to MUZAK or elevator tunes over this horrid, depressing pop-country. . . Anyway.. Thanks for hosting my Southwest flight so I could get back home McCarran..  But you should really lower your bottled water price from $4.
This is my least favorite airport to fly into. It is usually crowded (Vegas, duh!) and I never seem to have any luck with connecting flights being anywhere close to each other.
Depending on your terminal, your experience at this airport may vary quite a bit. The Southwest terminal is very old and always has a ridiculously long line for security. The newer terminal is much nicer atheistically speaking, with a nice selection of restaurants, stores and slots (it is Vegas after all). The main reason they are getting two stars is due to the cluster of trying to get a cab. It's really a nightmare and can take up to an hour.
*This is purely for T1 and passenger pick up*. . Why add fuel to the fire? Because I can....**. . What does that have to do with the review though?. . I am one of those guys that love airports, and to have to give such a bad review based on what I experienced the other day, my god. Maybe there is something wrong with me lately, everything has been annoying me half to death... but then that's a personal problem.. . Anyways to why I despise picking someone up from this airport. See most of the time there are signs to direct you to terminal X for said airlines to pick up your person, and yes it exists... for Terminal 3. Now I know its easy to assume if it doesn't show up on the sign you go to the other terminal, but as I checked the flight my relatives was on, it said Terminal 2.. . Now this is one of the things that really irked me. No sign for airline Southwest at the passenger pick up, and no Terminal 2 sign... what the f..... . Where the hell do I go then? Turns out they do come out of the passenger pick up area, Thanks McCarran Airport for telling me where they are going to be.. . Also you have to pay very careful attention on where to go for passenger pickup. I swear I wasn't drunk, and I still ended up near the roof of the parking lot because I missed one of the exits for the passenger pick up...just great. Least I didn't have to pay for short-term parking.. . Maybe I'll fly into the airport and give it a better review then, but for now if your going to pick someone up, if the airline isn't Terminal 3, it's the passenger pick up area... and follow the signage carefully, or else you'll end up in ... China and have to find your way back.. . **Wait I know why now. So people know what's up.
Ahhhh this damn airport is so long!!! It was never ending walk to our gate. -_- haha, FML.
Whoa...... International???   This tiny, efficient airport does not have much more to offer than that.   No restaurants, a few cheap shops.  I guess they know all the action is on the outside, so why try???  :)  But, it does have slot machines in the middle of the airport - now there's something you don't see every day!
Way too efficient if you ask me... Lines move slow and people are just plain old grumpy. . Its Vegas after all
Someone turn on the air-conditioning in here already!. . I really liked arriving at McCarran--at 11pm at night. But having to be there in the mid afternoon was a hot mess.  Hot. Mess. . . The Good:. Slot machines every where you turn.. The Big marquee signs in the baggage claim area adds to the fun "I'm in Vegas!" atmosphere.. Short wait times for luggage. Nice shops for souvenirs, candy, snacks, drinks.. Quick and efficient security line (for us anyway because we had a baby in stroller with us--it seemed everyone else had a pretty damn long line). . The Bad:. Traffic in the airport circle.  Now I always thought O'hare was bad, but at least ORD has traffic "cops" directing motorists. McCarran was so difficult to navigate with people swerving, stopping and unloading where they weren't supposed to.  Ugh.. Cramped concourses.  The last thing I want to do is smell someone else's hangover.  Turn up the air, build wider concourses, do something please! I might as well been at a street fest it was so crowded everywhere.. Less than helpful directions in baggage claim. There are at least 4 different exits--one for taxi, one for limo, one for buses and one for the common folk like me getting picked up by a family member. . . The Ick: The bathrooms were horrendous. Moldy smell, stale, humid air,  fans blowing because there's water on the floor.  I overheard one lady tell her friend that "it's like butt in there" when referring to the ladies loo. Yep, she got that right.
Terminal c needs new carpet and more electric outlets. Not as bad as LaGuardia, but with all of the airport fees it should be spiffed up once in a while.
Not my favorite airport.  Part of this is my dislike of this airport is the crowd I have to fly with.  My home airport is Ontario so I sometimes come through Vegas on layover.  This means I'm either dropping off the party people of picking them up.  As a business flyer, I just want to sleep, read, or watch my movie.  Not smell the alcohol on the person I just picked up or the obnoxiously loud group getting primed for Sin City.  I do like Vegas and usually come several times a year so don't think it's because I done like the city.. . The airport itself is a bit small and lines for everything move pretty slow.  Good and bad thing if you have a long layover is McCarran has slot machines to pass the time.
Pretty lame and it's annoying they've made transportation a racket. Bus, train anyone? Since when is a ride share MORE expensive than a taxi? Only in Vegas.... . No good food options to boot. Ugh.
Simply, I hate this airport.
The main terminal, Terminal 1 is easy to get around and navigate. The new terminal, Terminal 3 is ridiculous. My parents were arriving at gate D40. Living here in Vegas, I know that is part of Terminal 1, so that's where I parked to pick themup and help them with baggage. Wrong.  Apparently, Any airlines listed on the billboards around the airport, arrive into Terminal 1, yet their bags are claimed at Terminal 3.  As a person picking up passengers, there is no way to get to Terminal 3 unless you get back into your car and drive over there.  There are no messages on the arrivals screen indicating which Terminal passengers are claiming their bags at.  Upon leaving last night, the United website indicated departing Terminal - concourse D....well that would mean Terminal 1 because there are no D gates in Terminal 3.  Wrong again. I had to drop them off at Terminal 3 to check their bags in with United, and after going thru security there at Terminal 3, they took the tram over to Terminal 1 to depart. Is this confusing yet?
It's been two years since our last trip to Vegas.  This time we flew in on United.  Discovered later on our departure that United is now located in the new Terminal 3.. . We checked in our bags and was told by the United ticket agent we needed to go downstairs to security checkpoint and then take the tram to our gate.. . We went downstairs and kept walking. There is a security checkpoint but the entire thing was barricaded.  We kept walking and walking.  Then we decided to go upstairs and kept walking and walking.  Then we went back downstairs and kept walking and walking. And upstairs and kept walking and walking.. . Finally we saw a huge massive queue and figured that was the line for security checkpoint for Gate D.  We stood in line and walked  in a maze back and forth for 45 minutes until we finally passed through security.. . Did we end up going downstairs or upstairs?  We don't know.  We were turned around. And the signs posted didn't help us.  We just ended up where we needed to be.
If you are flying out of terminal 3, give yourself extra time. I found the signs confusing and couldn't figure out where to go. The one security checkpoint was barricaded and closed. Maybe it wa because I didn't have my coffee that morning but it was quite a long walk to the find security. It was also an early morning flight and I was beginning to wonder if I was in the right place because I saw NOBODY in the terminal until I hit security. Oh and don't forget the bread crumbs because you will need them to find your way back out of that place :)
Well the sign wasn't working properly and I had no idea my flight was going out of terminal three and not terminal one. I will take some blame because I should have checked. I parked at terminal one and had to take a tram from terminal one to terminal three. When arriving back home I got disoriented in this airport and finally had to ask someone how to get back to terminal one. When coming into terminal one, you need to go to floor zero and walk out door 5. There will be a sign on the left that says inter terminal shuttle. The parking lot shuttle picks up here so don't get on the wrong one!  The terminal shuttle is a bus and plan on 10 minutes to get to terminal 1. Security took a while, they need to learn how to get people through quicker like Denver does. I saw several TSA agents just standing around, no idea what that was about but they could have used the help!  Like I said before, confirm where you will be flying out of because the digital sign when you come into the airport was incorrect. I was flying Frontier and the only airlines on the sign were United and Sun Country. I believe Spirit, Hawaiian and Frontier are all over at terminal three now.
Vegas hates me.  She really does.  I've been wheelchaired to my hotel room in the past (I was young and reckless when I was 22), she drains my wallet, she takes my dignity, and she is like a bad dream (when recalling my trips, I can only remember fuzzy snippets).  With that being said, I stay far far far away from Vegas.  I prefer NYC over Vegas as my destination of "escape".  Although I haven't partied in Vegas for the past 4 years, I have been stuck in this specific airport due to layovers.  Here's the deal, there is without a doubt ALWAYS a delay whenever I try to fly to SFO.  I have no idea but it always seems like the case for me.  . . I was stuck here for 3 hours during Halloween night  Long story short, I had nothing better to do so I ended up pretty much "donating" a wad of cash to the slot machines strategically placed in front of my boarding gate.  I couldn't believe I lost so hard in a matter of minutes.  I even ran to the Wells Fargo ATM machine to get more cash to burn.  I wanted to undo my impulsive act of stupidity after realizing I wasted my money gambling, of all places, in an airport!  Who truly wins in an airport?  My opinion, there's probably only 1 big winner a year and it's more than likely an old person flying back to Florida who checked in 7 hours before his/her flight with an extra 6 rolls of quarters inside his/her fanny pack. That's my bitter visual.  Either that, a fat guy with an unlit cigar and a Hawaiian shirt also waiting for his flight to Florida.  . . +2, lack of outlets, dirty restrooms, outdated waiting areas, lame slot machines, and delays for days..... . I would have given a better review if there was a Sex and the City slot machine.  I once played it for 5 minutes and without even knowing what buttons to press, I won $998.  Make sure to add that machine if you ever plan on upgrading the entire place.
Outside of the novelty of slot machines in the terminal, LAS is really not all that impressive.  Entering and exiting is fair enough with one of the larger taxi queues, but the interior security lines are a nightmare.  Because this is a tourist town, just like Orlando, security is a real bottle neck here and you have to take a shuttle train to your terminal afterwards which just adds to the time.  In general, it is clean, bright and modern, but far from one of the better airports in the US.
Not enough moving sidewalks. Not enough "wow". This is Vegas! And who did Southwest Airlines piss off to get the gates a half-mile from the security entrance? The nicer hotels in town should chip in and spruce this place up.
Crowded...loud...few amenities..what's to like?
What a crappy airport. . . You would think with the amount of money that rolls through those doors they would take some time to invest in some better amenities... . . Poor food selection for when you are hungover/waiting for your flight. The whole place is just drabby. BUT, they are always fast with their security line which is the best after a long weekend of going hard. . . Word to the wise: If you are flying into or out of SFO don't be on the last flight, they are ALWAYS delayed.
McCarran needs better signs for where airlines are!!! Terminal 3 is for international flights I think. . . **Go to terminal 1 if you're looking for Southwest. Good to know when you and your friends are hungover from a crazy night trying to get you to your flight on time! . . 2 stars only because they seemed thorough at security ;). . . . . *GET THOSE SIGNS UP McCARRAN!!!
The airport is in need of an update.  It is very lack luster, there are very few healthy options for food (although this is common for airports) and there are still random Oxygen bars (do people still use these?).  The bathrooms are pretty dirty.  They have some corporate sponsored "charging stations" but they are typically crowded and you can see people up and down the terminals either sitting on the floor or hustling to grab spots when they open.  Unless you are coming to or leaving LV, there are much better spots to have to lay over.
Now that then new Terminal 3 is complete, perhaps this older section could get the renovations it badly needs.. . Every time I fly into Las Vegas it seems I'm in a different terminal.  Most recently, flying back to Kansas City, I was in Terminal 1 out at the A gates. . . The round piers of gates clustered together would have a cool retro vibe, if it wasn't so dark because a lot of the fluorescent light fixtures are burnt out.  The carpet looks old as do the chairs and not in a cool way.  It's as if the A gates of Terminal 1 are an afterthought of the rest of the airport. Badly in need of renovation.  It's a shame too because there's a great view of the strip and it looks as if the windows were recently replaced.  The center area is dominated by slot machines and there's a gift shop adjacent.  Fortunately, I didn't have to spend too much time before my flight or serious boredom would have set in.  With so many airports being destinations themselves, it's a bit surprising how uninspired and uninteresting this area of the terminal turns out to be. Not much of a welcome or farewell from Las Vegas.
The new terminal is awesome, and if you arrive in the morning, the taxi line is nonexistant.  It still smells of desperation and shame when you step off the plane and see all the last minute gamblers pulling away at the one-armed bandit.
Security is always quick.  The taxis try and rip you off, tell them how to get somewhere don't fall for the "I'll take you the scenic way."  At least the taxi line goes quickly.  The baggage claim is pretty fast.  The starbucks is slow as hell.  People are either happy or depressed, but that's Vegas.
An airport is an airport is an airport, right?  Yes.  But there are things that can make airports better and McCarran could use some improvements.  The PA system is pretty impossible to hear and it can be incredibly difficult to get from Point A to Point B which is a significant problem if Point B is your departing plane's gate and Point A is the entrance.  Also just in need of some updating - from carpet to shops, seems a little dingy.
Wow, but McCarran is a weird airport. If you are stuck in the C terminal, you are in a crowded area with oxygen bars, cranky travelers, and limited food and shopping options. If you are in the newly rebuilt terminal 3, you are in a light airy vaulted ceiling commerce-o-plex with shops and restaurants galore in vast open spaces. Between you sits a TSA checkpoint, that you either have to exit and re-enter to go between terminals, or get friendly with one of the TSA officers and beg them to walk you through.
Well it's Vegas so it has this going for it.  Southwest terminal is a$$ if you have to wait for a flight though as most restaraunts assume that your just going to hop on a plane and not need to wait around.  It felt like the whole terminal was unprepared for the crowd they had and I was returning on Wednesday so I was surprised.  Maybe its Southwest to blame and not Mccarran but you could learn a lot from airports like BOS and DFW.
I've been to Vegas a few times now, and with every time I learn or experience something new (i.e. : not good) with the airport.  . . The last time my husband and I were out there, we learned there are just some things you take for granted - like cleanliness. Bring a lot of hand sanitizer to bathe in, because you'll feel gross after your time in this place.  Plan on spending a lot of time in line, since no one appears to be in any hurry, even if you flight is leaving in 20 minutes and you've been in line for the past hour.  Also, if your hotel offers a shuttle (like a lot of them do), take it.  Every time we've been here I was worried we were going to be abducted by a weird, wayward cab driver.. . The tram is ok, it's no too hard to navigate, but everything else is a big ol' mess. It never fails : attempting to find a place to eat soon turns into a major quandary.. . Also : stay away from the California Kitchen or Baja Grill if you want to get a quick bite to eat.  The workers could care less about food safety and keeping things, shall we say, "sanitary."  Gross.
The fact that this airport absolutely sucks is a blessing in disguise. I love Vegas, and this POS airport is one of the only things that keeps me from visiting the strip on a monthly basis. . . It's old, it smells, the security lines are longer than Space Mountain on a Sunday. No matter what day or time you fly in, it always takes forever to get a taxi.. . I just want to get off the plane, start pounding booze and get to my hotel without having to fight lines, crowds, and washed up hookers... but apparently that's asking too much. . . But if you want to enjoy the bright lights of Vegas, you have to suck it up and venture through this awful airport.
Ugh, coming from the beautifully renovated Sacramento airport this place looks like a dump.  However, it is just an airport that you need to get through to go have some fun in Vegas.  It's not the worst of places, but it definitely doesn't get you pumped as you are about to start your trip.. . It is old, smokey, and in dire need of some TLC.  The food sucks too, which is also a big downside.. . I guess I'm now spoiled having Jack's Urban Eats in the SAC airport!
This is easily my least favorite airport I have ever been to. It was so crowded and loud! Not enough seating, unless you sat at one of the bajillion slot machines.. . Food was WAY overpriced. 10 bucks for a freaking breakfast combo at Burger King...too bad I was hungry.. . The carpet looks like it came from 1983, and the people arriving look like they are stuck in that year too.. . Next time I'll avoid this airport like the plague!
Dirty bathroom, NO plugs for my MacBook that fit. All floor plugs have a metal frame that blocks my charger. Chairs have no plug. Terminals are separated too far so they can fit slots
Sunday red-eye on 5/12/13.  The initial security check line was okay, but the security screen was a nightmare. Multiple lines merging into one with no order, running out of plastic trays, so scans, etc.  For a city that thrives on tourism, I expected things to run a lot more smoothly.  When I landed on 5/10, I got lost amongst the slot machines trying to take the tram or walk to get to baggage claim.  Last visit was in 2003, and things don't seem to have improved.
Flying here is great. It's vegas. You arrive and you're excited to have fun.... . Then you lose all your money gambling, can't afford dinner, you can't get into the clubs, you feel terrible, and you decide you need to go home.. . So you arrive at the airport greeted by the longest line you have ever seen in your life. Hundreds of people line up back to walls that typically would be a vacant part of the airport. After an hour or two of this madness you get through security... whew that's over with..... . Then you realize you need to get to the D gates. But wait! You need to take the tram to the D gates. What's that? The tram is broken? Well, crap. Start walking a mile to the D gates with 100 lbs of luggage that wouldn't fit the 50 lb maximum for a checked bag (of course you brought WAY too much stuff back from vegas). . . Ah, yes you arrived at your gate! 2 hour delay?! Sh*T!. . . Bottom line: . Worst security line I have ever seen. Tram was down and required about a mile walk. The only thing redeeming this place is the free wi-fi which allowed me to write this review.
The TSA can, if they choose, treat people with basic respect. . . At this Airport these flashlight cops make you hate flying. It does not have to be this way. SFO and OAK are friendly and efficient with out being mean.
Got here early -- too early -- for my departing flight home.  . . Pros:. . -- The Xpres Spa.  If you are going to be  too early to catch your flight, might as well do a pedi and mini massage.. . -- On arrival to Vegas, saw taxi line and about spit my teeth out.  Fortunately, they got this game down good.  Only took a few minutes to get a taxi to our hotel.. . Cons:. . -- Really TSA? Do you have to shout and scream at everyone?  I know the TSA agents at our podunk hometown airport don't do that, they are kind and even attempt to joke.  And don't assume that everyone going through line travels often.  If you want me to move into the scanning machine and lift my arms instead of the walkthrough scanner, kindly ask me.  Don't scream at me.  Jackass.  Kiss my butt.. . -- Food choices appeared pathetic for an airport. . . I don't travel often, but I've had better airport experiences.
Oh the humanity. The taxi line is why I always rent a car.
Slots in the airport - amazing - NOT! I am not a gambler because there are so many other things my wife wants me to spend money on!. . The airport seemed small and very noisy and I was delayed. Oh wait - delayed again and again! Though the delays had nothing to do with the airport itself - they should offer better seating choices knowing that travelers will be spending time sitting somewhere during a delay.. . I found it easy to move from gate to gate for connections and gate changes and there was plenty to do here as far as loosing money, but it's another airport I wish I didn't have to use.. . The bathrooms seems dirtier then most airports and the people at this airport seemed very unfriendly.
In all my air travels, this airport ranks as 1 of the worse.  In the era of portable electronic devices, I had a terrible time finding an outlet to charge my phone while I'm waiting to board my plane.  After roaming the terminals I finally noticed a discreet sign that reads "charging station" pointing to a bank of 5 outlets next to a vending machine, & of course, they were all full.  How annoying is that?  5 bloody outlets for the hoard of compressed humanity stuck between terminal 5 & 6.  Damn the bloody management team!
The new wing seems like it should be designed better from a Transportation Engineering and Logical point of View. makes me wonder if they had a lack of space to work with.
Not sure about the others, but apparently there are 11 airlines in the D gate security entrance? MASSIVE amount of people packed in the line. At one point it just stopped. There was a total of ONE woman checking every single person, it wasn't even a line anymore, just a cluster. And about 15 security people just standing there with nothing to do as one by one folks trickled through. Definitely make sure and get here two hours early. Needless to say, we missed our flight.
Crowded and compact.. . The only thing that makes this airport cool is... you guessed it: slots in the terminal! lol! . . Other than that, I a feeling of being almost "closed in" here with all the people and the narrowness of the hall space. It's a high traffic airport as well, which means a lot of messiness and some areas just seem downright unclean - especially the bathroom (see my pic).  Not really my favorite airport, but at least it gets me into a great city.
Airport is Ok, but if you are catching a connecting flight, you can literally have a 20 minute, brisk walk to get to the gate.  And this is when connecting to a flight from the same carrier.  There are some moving walkways, but not nearly enough.  The rental car counters are way off premises, and it takes a while to be shuttled there.  Then, it's kind of a mess, too!  Further, the local government won't allow the hotels to have their own shuttles because, I heard this from a taxi driver, if visitors are forced to take cabs, it creates an entire pool of jobs and increased taxes for the county.  So, count on $15-$20 cab ride anywhere near the strip, or other resort destinations.  Your reward for contributing to the local economy is LONG lines to wait for your cab.  We have waited as long as 45 minutes for a cab.  Naturally, it was 100+ degrees that day (a week day).  Unless we are combining business with pleasure, we avoid flying into Vegas, or changing planes there.  Gotta love the slot machines, though, if you have a lengthy layover!
-Long taxi lines (nobody likes to wait). -No where to charge your phone (I mean, I did see one charging station, with four plugs - four plugs for the millions of travelers that pass through). -Spotty Wifi (enough said...). -Too many annoying casino games that are way too loud (especially when your trying to fly home and have had enough of the casino!). Only good thing... tons of food options.
Arriving was perfect but departing was a nightmare.. . I wish there was another airport besides this one. My bff was flying with Delta out of Terminal 3 and I was with Southwest out of Terminal 1, we had to part ways super early to wait for both of our delayed flights :-( C gates sucked because there just wasn't enough room for everyone. As exhausted as I was from the weekend, I wouldn't allow myself to fall asleep with all these strangers around me. Ugh, so uncomfortable. And charging stations are packed, I think I only saw one and it was in a weird hallway, I wish they had plug located through out the airport, not a few in one location. Food options are bad too, so if you're hungry, eat before you come in, I ended up getting a bag of chips and a bottle of water when I really wanted a sit down restaurant where I could relax for a bit by myself. . . We finally boarded and since weather was spotty on mini storms passing through, we were on the taxi way for ~30 mins, not too long but long enough to annoy me. Got home at 1am only to get up for work 4 hours later... Ugh. TIP: travel early in the day, the weather could mess up your flight schedule and eat outside of the airport before coming in. I absolutely HATE that I couldn't spend more time with my bff while we waited for our flights together, it's why I paid extra to change my flight to a later one. So inconvenient and yeah, you could take the trams but it requires you to go outside and go through security multiple times. Outside the airport, they have shuttle buses to go from terminal to terminal.
What's the reason for 2 star for this airport? Too much slot machines. I don't like their noisy sound. What about divide this airport facilities for casino lovers and business travelers?
I've been told that casinos in Las Vegas are designed to make you disoriented and confused, starved of sunlight and the natural rhythms of time so as to keep you wandering  without aim or even awareness of the world outside. Well, leave it to the fine people of Las Vegas to bring those very same design principles to McCarran International Airport. . . Yes, this place is disorienting, noisy, dank, and run-through with a mild seediness that reminds you of the city it serves. The hallways are dark and carpeted in a pattern reminiscent of Superfly's tie or Edith Bunker's chair. The airport is now smoke-free, but the air (somehow) isn't yet so. And, of course, the noise of slot machines fills the hallways, even if half of them seem to be out of order. . . But the high rolling unpleasantness of the airport was to be found in the "Directory", which was just as disorienting as the ambiance. I tried to find a place to get a beer and pass the time. But a few of the bars and restaurants listed in the directory were no where to be found, neither on the map associated with the directory or in the airport itself. And then there were at least a few venues that actually did exist, but that didn't appear in the directory. (See my two photos, one of which shows a sports bar ("Home Team Sports") with the directory in the foreground, and the other of which shows the listing on that very same directory, where the bar is nowhere to be found.) Sure, things like this are hard to keep up-to-date. But this particular bar proudly proclaims that it was established in 2010! . . McCarran needs a makeover.
Don't expect to use wifi (not available when I was there) or be able to charge any of your portable devices (they have "recharging areas that are always full---only 5 seats pers station and I only say 1 station).  This airport needs a little updating for modern travelers.
Confusing, stinky, old, and in need of a serious redesign, with random-seeming design choices (let's put half of the airlines in this brand new sparkling concourse, but let's put the major airlines like Delta in this stinky concourse with long lines and angry people that had to take a 10 minute bus ride from the nice concourse.). . The new part is actually pretty nice, but I got to see both due to the Korea Airlines crash and resultant chaos. My review may be tinged with bitterness due to having to overpay on a different airline to get home.... . But you can play the slots one last time before you go!
I used to live in Vegas for 10 years and haven't used the rental car at airport service. I was unpleasantly surprised to see how bad the advice is, while I was running to catch the open bus (I had less than hour to checkin and go through security gate), this boy blocked my way and said there is no open spots in the buss are left. I couldn't believe he was doing this, I managed to pass him by because I would miss my flight and guess what the bus had 5 empty spots... Behind my back he was screaming and making fun of me. Las Vegas, are you hiring people to mess with customers or to help them?. Please, install more charging stations for electonics.
As famous as Vegas is, and as many people as I know come here yearly, this is such a tiny and unimpressive airport. . . Outside of the slot machines in the airport, I don't see too much that makes me go wow, but then again I guess that's why you leave. . . I saw all this because I have noticed that many airports are noticing that frequent fliers are loving and using all the extra perks that airports are coming up with: the nail salons in JFK, nap rooms in Tokyo, etc. . But to each his own...
Old, dirty and disorganized!  The security lines and baggage claim areas are horribly overcrowded.  Service is slow.  Tear it down and start over!
It can get pretty confusing finding your gate or getting out of your gate. And it's definitely a mad house during peak times.. . Although it's pretty cool to have the slot machines available at your convenience while you wait.. . They offer a shuttle service that'll take you to the hotels on the Strip or Downtown. The line outside could be a little more organized and could probably move a little faster especially on a Friday when everyone is flying in. I found out the hard way that I'm better off taking a cab out of the airport than waiting in line for at least an hour to buy my ticket, wait for the shuttle to come, load up, and take off. It was just so inconvenient. Would definitely not recommend this.
Never in my life have I seen, or rather waited in, a 50+ line deep for a taxi!! Granted, they are organized about it....but it was over an hour wait to get out of the damn place! . . The airport is small, smoky and confusing. And who wants to play slots after losing at their hotel casino? I didn't see anyone playing anything when I arrived at the airport, nor when I left 3 days later.....
Clean airport full of debauchery: drinking, gambling, and I'm sure strippers are next. There's a lot of food choices, it's always tidy and getting around is easy. So, all in all I'd give 5 stars ---- if it weren't for the mile-long taxi line. I find this unacceptable and I'm surprised the casinos haven't found a way to speed this up to get people losing money in their houses more quickly. The cab line needs to improve!!
Great on a Friday night when everyone's flying in ready to get NUTS. Terrible on Sunday evening when hungover people are not good at following TSA instructions. NEEDS MORE POWER...plugs.
It's really bad. I get it, it's Vegas so you need to be all show but forgetting everything else while bells and whistles are going off everywhere else? Not cool.. . The signage is pretty much non-existent especially if you are looking to pick up your luggage. You are just in one huge auditorium but lights, videos and loud sounds just kinda circling praying for your baggage to show up. . . The taxi line is insane but it does seem to move pretty quickly, they just really pack 'em in everywhere in this airport. Overall thought, it def does the job of welcoming you to Sin City.
Don't know where some of you were in the airport but I feel like I've pretty much seen it and I think it sucks. Nowhere to eat breakfast when you have a layover! Dirty and noisy. Never again. Sky Harbor in Phoenix is much, much nicer. . . Giving Vegas 2 stars only because they have reliable wi fi. Otherwise I would have lost my mind by now.
Uh...why do I feel so dirty when I arrive and when I leave this airport?  I'm not sure if it's because it's the gateway to the City of Sin but man it is pretty gross here.  I just came back from a trip and the bathrooms were partitioned off (people were going under the yellow roped off areas to use the stalls) and they smelled not so great.  Toilet paper (used?  unused?  not so sure...) everywhere!  I know ladies are gross, but geebers, SJC isn't this bad.. . The weirdest thing about this airport has to be getting to where you can get picked up by normal people, not just cabs or hotel buses.  You have to literally wait at the gate and be herded through to walk across the road.  It's a few minutes walk but weird when normal airports allow you to exit the baggage claim and meet your ride.  I didn't get it until I walked out of three different doors to finally get to where I'm going.. . Still, celebrity sightings are pretty high (saw Donald Faison tromping around in the airport), there are slot machines in the terminals and I HEARD that there was a gym somewhere around.  Not myfavorite airport (hi SJC!) but a necessary evil to get to the heart of Vegas I suppose.
I'm not sure if it was just the day, maybe there were a lot of flight delays or something, but the last time I connected here, this airport was a disaster. It was outright dirty, trash everywhere.. not enough seating so people were sprawled all over the place. . . I think this airport should definitely be a lot bigger, Vegas is super busy and isn't going anywhere..
This airport should be better..
As one of the top destinations in the world this airport is dismal. Not very good places to eat. Dirty bathrooms as well. Not what you would expect for a top destination airport. Just seems that there is not enough staff or very inefficient staff to keep the airport clean.
My favorite part of this airport is flying in and flying out at night. The lights if Vegas from above are beautiful. . . You can smell Vegas in the air here -Cigarettes, bad decisions, and broken dreams. . . This is one if the dirtiest airports in the country, or maybe it's just the shame. . . Good luck if you need to charge your phone. You and everyone else will be battling for a spit in "the charge zone." . . Best part is the people watching. Grab a beer sit back and observe.
I was supremely irritated by the airport security chick who nearly ran us over with the metal gate to stop pedestrian traffic for the taxis! I hate to be that conspiracy person, but are there kickbacks involved? Why the rush to push more cabs in the already full cab line while nearly mauling civilians???
Every time I go to Vegas, I do my best to get out of the airport as quickly as possible.  And for good reason (other than my overwhelming desire to go gamble away my life savings).  There is NOTHING to do in this airport other than play slot machines and catch flights.  There are no good restaurants; nowhere to comfortably sit and enjoy and adult beverage; no good shops.  One time I got trapped in McCarran for over 5 hours during a monsoon storm.  I wanted to gouge my eyes out I was so bored.  I get it--the powers that be want you to go to the Strip and spend your money as fast as possible.  But God help you if you get stuck there like I did.
I don't understand the layout of this place. With all the revenue coming into this city you'd think their airport would be more upscale and clean. I've seen bus stations that are cleaner. I fly Southwest a lot and it's pure chaos in the C terminal. People are lined up to get on in the same small place people are getting off. The main artery is a huge mess only further complied by the fact they put slot machines in the way. I'm constantly being bumped into and pushed coming and going. The TSA, as always isn't very efficient and as mush as they think they have line control... they don't. There is a a general lack of seating at the food courts as well.. . Pro Tip: If you have a flight out of the B gates, use the upstairs C and D gate TSA and cross over. The B and A gate lines are always longer.
This airport (the Southwest terminal at least) is so old and outdated. It smells like an old basement. Food choices are seriously lacking though there is a new Pei Wei. . The B gates have seriously not been updated since the 50's. . Time for a revamp!
I have been to this airport so many times the past year not because I am an party animal or a gambler. I just happen to be Southwest frequent flyer, and Southwest just happens to put me here waiting for my connecting flight so many times. . . This airport is Small and OLD. It is really really old. I am more used to it now, but the first time I got there. I was scared for a second. The restrooms are old, too. I hope they renovate this airport soon. The city should spend some tax money from all the Casino on this airport!!!!. . There are slot machines everywhere, but I don't see that many people actually play. I never did, so I have no feelings towards that. I'm neither bothered by it. They do have few food options like Nathan's burger or sandwiches and hot dog. There is, by the way, a good chocolate store in the middle of the airport if you want to get some gifts or just get your chocolate fix here. It's not cheap. But good chocolate is never cheap anyway. . . Even it's very old, but everything is pretty well organized. All the signs are clear. And the line for getting a cab is long but super fast and super organized. No need to bump into anyone to fight for taxi, just get in line, the staff will tell you exactly what to do and where to go. Thumbs up!. . There's also shuttles to most of the hotels. I believe it is $7 per person. It's very convenient.
This airport (the Southwest terminal at least) is so old and outdated. It smells like an old basement. Food choices are seriously lacking though there is a new Pei Wei. . The B gates have seriously not been updated since the 50's. . Time for a revamp!
Really confusing airport.  We were just picking up a buddy adn... well... it was really confusing.. . LAX seems more organized than this place.. . That's not good.
