The reason I rated this so low is because I can never just get a table here.  It's always busy, it's cramped, and loud.  Sure the beer is great, and the food too... but it's never just easy to eat here.  Parking on the street stinks, and then waiting a half hour for a table is frustrating when there is no room for you to stand anywhere.  Otherwise, sure it's a fine bar.. but there are other bars in Tempe.
I finally got to this place. The people who took me there raved about the place and are regulars.  Very interesting building-check it out if you go. Nice crowd but not to busy.  Interesting menu. Food was good but nothing exceptional.  The most noticeable thing about eating there was the complete lack of enthusiasm/interest on our server's part.  I thought being on a college campus, the person serving us might been upbeat and cheerful?  Not so. Even when I asked for a take out box, the server sat it down by my plate and walked off without a word.  . . Maybe if I'd had more than a few beers, I'd have appreciated this place more. There is a real variety of places to go to in Tempe so why go back.  Going back to Four Peaks kind of reminds me of the old expression-buy me another drink,  your still ugly.  The server wasn't buying.
I will definitely be back for a review update.. . I was just upset that their kitchen is currently under construction and there were only four things on their menu, all that I did not want. I mean I would not have been as upset, but I did call the night before and asked about whether they were opened and mentioned I was excited because driving from Flagstaff. Who I talked to did not even mention that the kitchen was under construction. Such a disappointment after a long drive and we really got our hopes up. . . The oatmeal stout however, was outstanding.
I may make a few enemies in writing this review, and I may even get kicked out of Tempe completely, but seriously, Four Peaks is not the loveof my life. Granted, I don't care for beer, so this is more or less a review of the food, atmosphere, and non-beer-like drinks. I have been here a few times with the husband (he loves it here) and I just don't get the hype. The food is bar food. Straight up bar food. I like the outdoor seating much better than indoor. Inside the place feels a little dreary, much like many bars I have encountered. The servers are friendly enough, although sometimes the service is a little slow. I get something different to eat every time, which if you know me, is not a good thing. When I like something, I get it every visit, but here, I am just searching for something - anything - that I like enough to order next time. Sigh. I know I'll be back, and I can't say I dread coming here - I usually have fun. I just feel like there are many places I'd rather spend my money on.
The night was dark and hazy, a midwinter's eve that started with promise. A quick trip to the Yelp site quickly revealed the #1 restaurant in Tempe to be, in fact, a brewery. This delighted my boyfriend, a beer connoisseur, and me too, being a fan of highly rated restaurants and anything that makes my man happy. So we headed to the Four Peaks with high expectations and high spirits. Alas, our hopes were dashed almost from the beginning. . The hostesses greeted us from the curb. They were extremely young and scantily clad in low, low, LOW slung jeans that did not cover their clearly illegal behinds. The place was crowded so we took a beacon and hit the bar for our first round. The bartender, despite a packed house, noticed us almost immediately and took our orders... the only quick service we received all night. The beers, well, the Kilt Lifter was a fine example of a 80 shilling Scottish ale... but the Raj IPA was heavy in diacetyls and but otherwise a reasonable attempt at an English IPA. Hopknot IPA was above average IPA with pleasing grapefruit aroma.. By the time we were seated we were happily woozy from the beers. Unfortunately, it took the bitch waitress nearly 20 minutes to take our orders and another 20 before our meals arrived. Food was decent, although side orders were botched... we DID notice the very nice disposable napkins, which were durable yet soft. Some of the nicest napkins I've ever seen of a disposable nature. . Overall, a good people watching experience, very loud and crowded, with terrible service, adequate beer, and generic yet palatable cuisine. Would we go back? Not unless invited by good friends. Overrated.
This rating is tough because the beer is stellar but Im not a huge fan of the food. I feel its average bar food. Most everything is just ok, and there is just one really good item(beer battered fries). I would recommend getting a growler or two and drinking it with some friends at home.
so i have been enjoying four peak for over a decade now. historically the food has been great, the service has been friendly and the beer has been cold. I dont expect life altering things from 4peaks, just these simple things. ..... . . Lately, just simply awful lazy servers, cold fries 6 of ten visits. and the beer keeps arriving warm!! . . wtf!!!! why? please can someone who runs/owns the joint ask the cooks to serve fries hot, ask whoever cares for the glycol system on their draft beers to fix it, and fire Amanda S???. .  the busboy was the first person to stop at our table because ha had walked by us so many times and noticed we didnt have anything that he finally asked if we needed help. during the same time our server walked by us on several occasions looking the other way like a dog that shit on the rug and didnt want to look at it.  when she finally greeted us she asked if we were doing ok? again, wtf? Im doing spectacular sitting at an empty table with no food, no drink , and no menu.... what reason would i be sitting here other than to have something to eat or drink?. . here's the worst part... I will go back, im like a crack head chasing the first high. I just keep hoping that I will get decent service again, or hot french fries, or a cold beer. but I know i wont ever get all three.. . Im begging you four peaks, spend some of the $$$$ I have blown getting drunk there in the last 10 years on training employees who have a vague idea what they are doing, or at least act like it.. PLEASE!!!
I'm not sure how this place has a 4.5 star average rating.  The beer is solid.  The brewery atmosphere is standard.  The night I was there it had a lot of screaming kids running around.  The food is not a reason to go there.  We ordered their most popular items and they were nothing special.
Best microbrew in AZ I've tried so far. I only had the Hop knot IPA however:. Insanely packed (at least 200 people) loud atmosphere, no parking, a bathroom with 2 toilets- minus a star. Menu limited to about 5 food items by sitting near the bar-minus 2 stars. That said the food and service was pretty respectable.. If I go back it will be at off peak hours and/or just to get a growler
Normally I don't have a bad thing to say about Four Peaks (aside from the parking) but after spending over $80 on Mother's Day brunch for low-quality food, I'm very disappointed. We went in for the special menu and found the buffet to LOOK very nice but to fall short of an actual delivery. For $32 per person, we got Eggs Benedict, whose English muffin couldn't be cut with a standard knife (trust me, I tried, and I worked at it so hard I almost knocked the table over), undercooked but okay prime rib (should have had an option for cuts that were cooked more and less fatty - looked like a quality starter cut to begin with). The bacon and sausage tasted bulk-made and the waffles came with a Knotts Breakfast Syrup to-go packet. The salmon enchiladas were the only saving grace on the buffet spread; even the turkey pot pie raised eyebrows since it didn't even have a pie crust?. . Not the worst breakfast I've ever had, but for $32? I could have gone to Caffe Boa or Golden Corral (seriously, that disappointed with Four Peaks) or somewhere with much better food for cheaper! Now, if there were the option to choose something other than the "Mother's Day Brunch" for 32 bucks a pop, then I could at least say this was my fault, but we were told that was the only option (though later, before 2pm when brunch was supposed to end, I saw "regular" food on other tables). . . The mimosas were okay, but small and difficult to mess up anyway.. . The highlight of breakfast was the baked goods - From Chompies. Sorely disappointed in Four Peaks' Brunch. I will definitely be back for beer and bar food, but steer clear of this place for special occasions or buffet brunches. I wish I had anticipated this but I never expect bad things from Four Peaks.
I am not a bar person at all. But I heard the food here was really good, so we decided to try it out. We arrived and stood in the doorway, waiting for someone to seat us for like 5 mins while at least 6 girls who obviously worked there just stood around staring at us. Not knowing what to do, we decided to seat ourselves (there was no "Seat Yourselves" sign out btw). We sat towards the back in the quieter section and waited...and waited...and waited! Finally aserver saw us and asked us what we wanted to drink and brought us menus. It was while before she came back around to take our order.. . I ordered the Margherita Pizza well done, and my guy ordered the Green Chili Chicken Enchiladas. Well, when my pizza arrived it was obvious that is was not well done as the cheese was still goopy and white, and not browned and bubbly. My guy liked his plate, but admitted that the rice was par boiled cheapo rice and not as good as many enchiladas he's had in the past. I took my pizza back and asked for Fish and Chips instead, which came out quickly enough, but were just okay, nothing special. When I took my pizza back our server assured us that the Manager would come over to apologize, but he never did!. . Overall, not impressed! I would never come back.
This place is very over priced and no AC not my idea of eating comfortable . The service was good but I was a bit more concerned about sweating my butt off .
Stopped in for lunch on Sunday.  I had never been to Four Peaks before but have driven by it and seen how busy and opted to go somewhere else due to lack of parking.  We were lucky to have found a spot about a block away so we decided to check out the place.  It was a hot muggy day and we thought some nice cold beers would hit the spot.  We arrived at the front of the place to see about five people standing around at the hostess spot, not one of them said Hi.  I had to say two please and interrupt their conversation.  We got seated in the back and right away the heat just hit me when I sat down.  I started sweating.  No ac, really?  We are in phoenix and people still use swamp coolers?  Anyways I was uncomfortable and noticed everyone was sweating, like beast. I looked around and saw a lot of college students sitting about and thought to myself... geez this isn't where I would go to pick up on someone, everyone is sweating and looks gross.  . I know this place has some good reviews but nothing stuck out to me.  I love four peaks beers normally, but when my server came with my beer it was warm, not refreshing when sitting and sweating.  Food was average, typical bar food.. Our server was ok for it being so busy, but I didn't get the warm and fuzzies with her attitude. Wonder if this review will be axed by yelp?? hmm..
I used to like this place but today it was a big fiasco. . . I asked for a table inside but I didn't know that they have a section that looks like a pizza parlor in the middle of Idaho. I was expecting to be seated in the main room but that didn't happened. So we moved to the patio. The weather was hot and I didn't notice anything that could help (idk if there were misters but it wasn't that great).. . I had a heffeweizer and it got warm pretty quick, but oh well.. . The edamame was good, crispy and tasteful (I always order edamame without salt).. . But the spinach salad was bad. Lack of taste, the spinach was flavorless, the dressing was boring, all in all a bad salad.. . My friend ordered enchiladas that were ok if you overlooked the presentation (it looks gross, pools of grease, it could look like dog food and the metal dish doesn't help at all).. . Anyways, bad salad, bad experience and kind of price for what I got.
If you like beer (I'm more of a mixed drink guy) and drunk college students (mostly dudes), this place rocks.  Otherwise it is incredibly humid and sticky inside the warehouse that they have converted into a bar and grill, and the prices are a bit steep.
Beer was fantastic! The music was so loud that I could not enjoy the conversation with my friends. I will not return as my idea of a pub is one where you talk, not shout at your friends. Makes it tough to enjoy the beer.
I used to love four peaks up until my last visit and my boyfriends visit as of yesterday. We have been loyal customers for the past 3+years and we feel as though they are slowly making their way down the drain. .          Let me get into detail here; my last visit the waitress didn't even know she picked up a larger section then she expected so of course we were over looked for a solid 15-25 minutes when  my boyfriend decided to say something to someone. So our waitress came up and apologized LATER with a half ass apology. Excuse my French. We ordered right away, and it took forever to get anything. So my boyfriend decided at the end of our meal and drinks with our friends to pick up everyone's tab since the snooty waitress didn't split the check.  . . My boyfriends visit tops the cake to where I severely don't want to go back. So my boyfriend had ordered a beer and then came to realize a friends bday was that day so they ordered under 3 shots for the group. After 3 shots they were cut off and they weren't even belligerent, weird. Okay, the thing that pissed me off the most is they accused my boyfriend that he received his pretzel when he sure as hell didn't get it and they charged him for it! Nice!!!! Not. Supposedly they messed up our friends nachos as well. Lastly the waiter was a manager in the end since the first waiter kept messing up, when he cut off my boyfriend and his friends he said even though he has seen us there a lot he had to cut him off because what reason we will never know. But what I can tell you now is that the new staff they have on board isn't the same and makes me not want to go ever again.
We asked to be sat inside because it was cold that night so we got sat next to an open air door with no heater.  My girlfriend ordered nachos which got cold and hard in minutes and my medium well burger was well done.  This experience was frustrating because we've had good times here but prob won't be going back for a while now.  Basically don't go there on a cold night unless you want to freeze and eat Luke warm food.  Quality has gone down lately.
i was visiting from out of town with a group of friends. i'm not a big drinker and i'm mostly vegan. i just had dinner before coming, but was still hungry and there was not much of anything healthy on the menu. i asked the waitress if they might be able to accomodate a special request of a bowl of greens only with olive oil and vinegar. she asked me if i wanted a small or large and i stated a "large side salad". . . it came out and was a nice portion. but then the bill came and it was for $9 - the cost of a regular entree-sized salad with toppings. i asked the waitress if anything could be done about the price. she hadn't been carrying around the best attitude in the world, but it got even worse when i tried to reason with her on a price for a bowl of lettuce - LITERALLY. she told me that's the price. made it clear she wasn't interested in talking to or helping me any further,  and got the manager. that's when things got weirder.. . the manager came over and asked me very aggressively if "there was a problem." i explained the situation and that i thought there was a miscommunication. don't get me wrong - i was completely willing to pay a reasonable amount for a bowl of lettuce (LITERALLY!), but i felt that $9 was not very accomodating. he puffed about it and said he would just make it a side salad - which was actually less than i was willing to pay, but he didn't seem open to discussion so i didn't extend the conversation.. . after the bill was dropped off and paid for, he came back - this time to the side of me in a very aggressive and intrusive way - and LECTURED ME on how to order next time and that they can't take special requests like that. it was incredibly bizarre and clearly this big man child has some anger issues/lack of social awareness. i didn't even bother to look at him or respond. the whole table was weirded out - way to cause unnecessary friction between your establishment and eight patrons DUDE! . . i realize this is arizona, but this is also 2013. a lot of people have dietary restrictions and find their place at your restaurant for some reason (in my case, social reasons). from time to time, special meal requests are going to come up. my suggestion? try to be politely accommodating instead of acting like a bunch of irritated, angry babies. it's not that difficult. and if you can't do it, don't serve or manage a restaurant.
Service is iffy. Sometimes I get a great waitress, sometimes a terrible one. The beer is great but the food is overpriced and some dishes are really not good. My friend had to spit out the calamari. I thought the quesadilla was gross (had the taste of processed cheese). . . Some dishes are good though. Burgers are good, the beer bread is great. Their pork and bean dish is very good (but the beans are bland).. . And the parking situation, oh lord, don't get me started. Prepare to park 1/2 a mile away on the street. Seriously. And turn in your side view mirror or some drunk college student will break it off.
Maybe it's because I live in the excellent beer city of San Diego, but I was definitely underwhelmed by the Four Peaks brewing company. The beer isn't bad, but the food was less than desirable. The "beer bread" is basically a thick flour tortilla. It is nothing special. The pasta salad looked like somebody regurgitated it into my plate. I took one (small) bite and almost vomited. Needless to say, we won't be returning here anytime soon. On a positive note: our server was excellent.
For all the talk I've heard about this place, I expected something amazing.  Perhaps it was oversold.  . The boyfriend and I found ourselves with a free lunch hour driving around Tempe when it hit me that we should try out a place that's been talked up to me for ages.  So, we headed right over.. First of all, parking is non-existent.  We drove around the block and still never could find anything that indicated we were allowed to park there without risk of being towed.  We finally settled on parking on the street out front, but had it been anything other than 11 am, there probably wouldn't have been a spot.  . We were greeted and seated immediately, and service was fine.  It's a rather cavernous room with an old warehouse feel to it.  I'm fine with that.  It doesn't seem to be air conditioned, though, and we were relying on heavy duty fans that kept blowing away the napkins to keep us cool on a hot AZ July day.  Probably not the best choice for summer.  . The menu options looked so good when I checked out the website on the way over, but both of the sandwiches we ordered were less than spectacular.  . We ordered the Tap Room Tenderloin and the Salmon BLT and split them.  The combination of bleu cheese, onion straws and garlic-jalapeno aioli sure sounded like it'd be bursting with flavor, but it was undeniably bland.  Neither one of us could even taste the tang of the bleu cheese and there was not even a little kick from the aioli.  The blt was just as sorry.  Where the tenderloin was lacking in flavor, the salmon made up for it and then some.  Someone was a bit heavy-handed with the cajun seasoning and the salmon just came off overly salty.  I don't remember tasting any pesto in the mayo.  . As we were there so early in the day, we did not have a drink, but it might be betterto go back with our bellies already full and give them a shot.
I'm qualifying my review on these grounds: if you like Four Peaks brews, then go - you'll obviously love the place.  If you are looking for a variety of beers with good food, then - as I have experienced - this is not your place. . . Positives: . . 1. Service.  Very good: the servers and bartenders are very affable.. . 2. Environment.  The place overall has a great look and feel to it, in respect to being a brewery.  TVs are on and people are chatting.  A very happening place. . . 3. Specialty beers.  Their Pumpkin Ale is AWESOME. . . Negatives: . . 1. Food.  Maybe its me, but I do not find the plates very appetizing.  In fact, if and when I go, I purposely do not eat.   I've tried the burgers and many breakfast items in the past; although I don't recall the specifics about each plate, I do know that they left no positive impression on me. . . 2. Parking.  Horrendous. Period.. . 3. Climate. BEWARE: if you go in the summer months prepare to sweat.  Fans (NOT AC) are not on.  It is truly miserable experience; winter, on the other hand, is comfortable. . . 4. Variety.  As stated in the opening paragraph, don't expect a wide selection of beers.  They have less than ten, albeit their own.. . Overall, I would rather drink a Four Peaks beer at a brewery with a wider selection of beers and much better food.
Went in on a Friday night with some friends.. . Food and beer were good, but the service that night was awful.. . My initial experience was with 2 hosts, one of which must of had a pretty bad day because she had her head on both of her hands the whole time, not even speaking to us when we entered or left. . . I paid for my food, and put my food in a take out box. Then I left for the bathroom. When I returned, my table had been busted, and my food was gone and tossed. Feels so wasteful.... . I usually don't ask too much in terms of service, and focus more on food, but they really dropped the ball.. . 2/5
