This is basically a mini-copy of the Cheesecake Factory. In fact, they are somehow affiliated, because the menu is really just a subset of the most common things at Cheesecake Factory. Regardless, it's not a great copy. It satisfies the late-night cravings extremely well, but the dishes aren't quite as well put together as you'd find at their big brother.
Absolutely terrible service! . Very average food! . . Coffee machine been broken for weeks and no signs of being repaired. . Tea water comes out totally cold. Twice.
The atmosphere was nice and impressive. I myself ordered the Chicken Meatloaf which was very tasty. My partner on the other hand had the Chicken Royale which was very unsatisfying. It had no flavor and to be honest the green beans and carrots that were the side dishes had lots more flavor and were more pleasing. . . My waiter was attentive once the food came out, but before hand he was out of sight. . . I probably will not be back.
We were craving pho after Tao but too lazy to head off the strip so we came here instead.  Surprisingly, they had their own version of pho called Zen Noodles.  It was like a "fancy looking" pho, the broth was served separately on the side and it had more noodles than meat but it was good enough to satisfy our craving, although really not worth $14.. . The primary reason I'm only giving two stars is because the wait time was horrible.  We got there around 3 AM, which was well before the club crowd so we were seated immediately.  After we gave our order though, we had to wait an eternity to get our food.  It was like that for all the tables next to us too.  Our waitress was apologetic and kept reassuring each table our food would be out in a couple minutes but a couple minutes ended up turning into an hour.  I get that it's busy but I can't imagine how long the wait would be for the people that came after us who actually had to wait in line for a table.  In total we were there for 2 hours but only 15 - 30 minutes of that was actually spent eating while all the rest was spent waiting (for our food, for the bill, for them to take our credit card...).. . If you're looking for a place to grub after clubbing, I'd recommend going someplace else like Earl of Sandwich instead.  You can get a great tasting meal in a few minutes and for half the price.
This review is for their breakfast buffet. Frankly it was TINY. Just an omelet station and some fresh fruit, definitely not what I was expecting. The omelet station had lots of choices of what to add in but I wish we would have gone elsewhere for breakfast.
Their breakfast buffet is nothing special, you can get this anywhere you go.  The typical hash browns, omelet, watery eggs, fruits, yogurt, cereal, make your own toasts, bacon, sausage...which also includes a beverage.  It was only around $15 for this or you could choose something from the menu which I did another day.  Their corned beef hash was the worst I could have possibly tasted, we were hoping it would taste the ones similar to Bellagio's room service or the one at The Cafe at TheHotel at Mandalay Bay.  . We only came here because it is located in the Venetian Hotel where we had stayed.  I probably wouldn't go back, only if it were the last resort.
WHOMP WHOMP.. . My family and I came here for breakfast two days in a row, and both days we had encountered a few bloopidy-bloopers.. . The first day, the service was alright -- a little slow, but not bad. Everything was going well until my boyfriend found something nice and crispy in his nachos... Green onion? Nope. Charred meat? I guess not. Oh, what was this -- a TOOTHPICK?! Holy moly, that could have been lodged into his throat if he didn't catch that sooner. We complained, got the dish taken off the bill. All was well.. . Day two. Now, this was crazy. We got some slightly creepy server named Valerie(?), who took forever to get us water. We must have waited 15 minutes maybe, and then we asked again for water, and she tried to blame it on the bus boy. Um, girl, he's a bus boy, not your water wench, so please, after several years of experience in the restaurant industry, if I was that waitress, I would have gotten my table water right away. That's pretty much a given in any restaurant. Even horrible-service Chinese restaurants give you water faster. And then my blueberry pancakes were blueberry-less... so I had to ask for blueberries, which came on the side. BAH. . . The food here is just okay... I was just reading that review before mine that says that thisis Cheesecake Factory's sister restaurant... and I believe it. The Cheesecake Factory is not too great, and neither is this place. It's just well-priced with decently large portions, but it tries to cater to a variety of palates, and I think it tried a little too hard. If you're coming here during a stay at the Venetian, I will say one thing -- it's convenient, and if you're not that hungry and willing to wait a million years for just alright food, then it's all good.
Sooooo I've never been here and had just went and picked up the old man from work. It was almost 1am so he suggested here, I shoulda been against it (since his picks ALWAYS suck) but was like ok! So we get there and theres hella ppl! I was thinking to myself, this place has to be yummy!. . Boy o boy, I opened the menu and was like "WTF!" ok, lemme tell you... I'm a cheap date! I think its absurd to spend more than 10$ on a meal! Even though my bf was paying I was just irritated. I really wanted a club sandwich and seen one listed.. for 12$!!!! I scanned the menu and seen that everything was pretty much 12$+ and also everything they had on the "late night" menu didnt sound yummy. So I got the club.. . We both got it and it came to our table... OK, when I think of a club I think of a double decker sandwich... not a plain 2 pieces of bread sandwich! This thing was 2 pieces of bread, arugula, turkey, and bacon. Uhmmmm LAME! The fries were good, but I wasnt pleased with my sandwich. I left irritated and will probably not go back!! The server was nice, and the place itself is very beautiful, but like I said I'm a cheap bastard. I didnt think the quality of the food was worth it.
Shoot. This place is owned by Cheesecake Factory.. . I try not to eat there when I'm in any big city. There's few late night choices in the Venetian so I found myself here a couple times. I got a very expensive seafood salad and ate every bite of it to get my money's worth. My jaw hurt afterward from chewing so many greens. Wasn't impressed with the service here in comparison to the ultra friendly service everywhere else in Vegas.
Um, I didn't get the hype of this place. I ordered their lunch special where it came with fettucine pasta and a salad. My boyfriend had the chicken waffles. I think they make the pasta themselves and it was all stuck together; when this happens, the pasta becomes undercooked in some parts (gross) and there's nothing special about the salad. My boyfriend's waffle was soggy when it should have been warm and crispy.. . Service was good though, but the food was subpar.
What I ate: Rustic lasagna. Visit date: September 24, 2011. First time? Yes.. . I did like their bread; I'll give them credit for that. And, I guess if you're going in a big group, there is a good variety on the menu. But I should have known to stick to simple things (like fries) because Grand Lux is from the makers of Cheesecake Factory (of which I'm not a huge fan). . . I tried the Rustic Lasagna with Chicken. First of all, lasagna with chicken just sounds weird, but I thought, why not? It looked good when it came out, but it wasn't lasagna. It was cannelloni. Why not just call it what it is? It had the potential of being great -- meat, cheese (how can you go wrong with cheese?), spinach and mushroom. But, it lacked flavor!. . Other dishes I sampled:. Salmon Three Ways -- It was dry and salty.. Crispy Sesame Tofu -- The tofu and snap peas were good, but the Szechuan orange sauce was pure salt. Also, I'm not sure where the "crispy" plays a role.
Didn't wait very long to be seated. Very large restaurant.  Felt like a large cafeteria type dinning establishment more than a restaurant.. . Service was good. . . We ordered the chicken, basil, tomato, mozzarella pasta.. Decent flavors. I thought it could have been more potent.  Four small pieces of chicken with a little mozzarella melted on it.  Some heirloom tomatoes.  A lot of pasta but again not much chicken for 16.00. . I was disappointed with the product quality and would not order this again.
Vegas' Cheesecake Factory, which itself isn't that great. . . Pizza was pretty good and sustained the 4 of us, but only an 1/8 of the 3 pasta dishes were consumed. . . Meh.
I was so excited about eating here for my half-birthday dinner.  What a disappointment!  Someone told me the calamari was awesome...  The calamari was mostly shrimp... Had  a texas tea to drink $10, didnt even give me a buzz. . . The other disappointment I had was that I went in person to make a reservation.  They told me "We will hold your reservation for 5 minutes" which I thought was pretty rude, but when I got there they didnt even have my reservation in the system! WTF?. . After all was done I felt sick the rest of the night and couldnt even enjoy myself @ the club.  Wont eat here again.
Service SUCKED.  We had to flag down random waiters all the time for re-fills or utensils which is a pet peeve of mine.  I would understand if you're slow because it's busy but when I look around and see empty tables/empty booths....i now think you're just lazy & stupid.. . My friend got a sandwich and the bottom bread was soggy (not semi-soggy), it was inedible.  I am a huge fan of chicken and waffles so anywhere and anytime I can get it, I will so that's the only reason we stopped by this place.. . My review for the chicken and waffles: They need to use real waffle batter (i'm sure they can afford it).  The chicken was also super dry.. . Would I come back?  If I was drunk and it was the only place open....yes....
DON'T COME HERE SOBER!  That is all.
My sisters said that Grand Lux Cafe at the Palazzo was super yummy so right after checking into the Venetian, we went straight to Grand Lux in the Venetian. . . The food was okay but nothing to write home about. Home salad dressing was pretty good. HOWEVER, we did NOT get complimentary bread. Is it only for certain foods? or did I get cheated of some free stuff? I was also quite peeved that we waited 35 minutes for our food. My parents only got the sandwich/salad/soup special which doesnt take 30 min to make! No one came to check up on us until I was obviously upset, crossing my arms and made the grumpiest face ever.
This place is all right.. . Asian Pear Martini: delicious. Calamari: I found this interesting, because the pieces I ate were the most unchewy calamari I've ever had. However, most everyone else had difficulty chewing theirs off the same plate. I'm suspecting some mixing of fresh and not-quite-so-fresh product.... Asian Nachos (I think??): Very tasty, and had sesame seeds! (YAY!). Maui Marinated Ribeye: Bad cut of meat. Cut too thin to easily cook medium-rare, so it didn't have the right texture. Marinade was overpowering (Yeah, I get that it's marinated, but yuck.) The mashed potatoes were good, but nothing out of this world.. . Decent prices. Service was great if you were drinking. Switching to water meant no refills. Blam.
I usually go to the Grand Lux Cafe in the Palazzo, but since I was with a different group of friends this time, we went to the Venetian.  I can honestly say that I did not really enjoy my seared ahi salad.  :[  (Sad to say).  It might have been how it was presented on the plate as it wasn't at all how I would have pictured it to be.  . . I should have just stuck to breakfast food that day since they were having a breakfast buffet until noon or 1 pm.  The service was still good, but I wasn't impressed by the food.  . . I'm going to stick to the one at the Palazzo from now on.
Went to the Grand Lux Cafe around 3AM after a great night of partying in Vegas. Walked in and noticed greasy and slippery floors. Out of curiosity, noted this to the staff and they acknowledged that it was a problem. Dinner - nothing to write home about. It was OK. Not very flavorful - bland. As were leaving, we made a friendly and light-hearted comment to a gentleman, who appeared to be the manager, regarding the slippery and greasy floors. The irate and condescending response was not something I was expecting. Apparently the grease makes it way from the kitchen on the serves shoes. I have NEVER seen this before. If you go there, out of desperation for food late night, please don't ask any questions regarding the place - or risk the wrath of some irate manager.
I'm a fan of Cheesecake Factory but I don't think this place is that good... If you are a fan of Cheesecake Factory, go there instead.
I thought this was the upscale Cheesecake factory?  The menu is underwhelming and the food is mediocre diner quality.  The need to redo the menu at this place and hire new cooks.  They are better off just putting a cheesecake factory in here.
I've eaten at 2 different locations now (Las Vegas and Colorado) and both times have not been impressed. Both locations they messed up my food and it came out late. Our server at the Las Vegas location was not very quick / attentive with our table. When our drink glasses were empty, they were taken away and not once did anyone ask if any one of us wanted anything more to drink (very, very weird). Food was good, but the whole experience is what makes the restaurant. And the fact that my dinner, again, was messed up and they didn't even offer a drink or nothing for the inconvenience really annoyed me. Not sure if I will return since this happened twice already...
Oh Grand Lux, you're exactly what I expected you to be.  Massive portions to satisfy the hunger of 40-inch waistline Texans visiting Vegas.  Prices $3-5 more expensive than Cheesecake Factory despite only marginally better food.  Service that is at the best of times absent and the worst downright rude.  And yet, because of your location to the Palazzo suites and the lack of other reasonably priced restaurants, I must've eaten your food 3-4 times in a weekend.  I don't know whether to blame you or myself.  Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me.
Came here for an early breakfast with a couple of friends.  We came to Vegas too early where we couldn't check into our room yet.  . . We have heard some good things about this place but needless to say it was horrible.  We had breakfast food and did not experience it very well.  I got eggs, sausage, and hash browns.  My friends gotten the breakfast steak with hashbrowns as well.  Their food was plain and the hashbrowns were over cooked.  All our hashbrowns were hard.  No, it was not crispy, it was hard where it was hard to eat... My friends believe their meal was not worth what they paid, it was close to $20 for their dish and their steak was BLAH.  . . I hate going to Dennys but Denny's is better than this place.. . Oh yea, and our server sucked! Freaking disappeared for over 20 minutes, never refilled our waters, and took 10 minutes to get our check, and 10 minutes to get it back.  Service was horrible there too.  We will more than likely not come here again.. . Maybe it was a bad day where both service and food sucked but who knows.  I had my experience there and won't be back.
We heard this was a great buffet breakfast place and it wasn't.  Very limited selection and the only selling point is that you can have made-to-order omelet. . . Very disappointing buffet and on top of that it's 37 bucks for 2 peeps.  . . TOO OVERPRICED for so little.
The customer service here is good but I was not impressed with my miso salmon with brown rice. The presentation was ugly and tasted ugly too. I had plenty of leftovers and left unfulfilled. The chicken broth soup it came with was at least good. I didn't see anything on the menu that stood out so I won't be returnig here ever.
I'm shocked that there are so many 4-5-star ratings for this restaurant. Perhaps our server just hated my table. He was really rushing us for our order even though it wasn't very busy. It was Sunday, July 8, 2012 around 7:30pm. We were seated quickly, but our table didn't even have place settings for all 7 of us. Our server took the order and was pleasant enough, but that's where the service ended. It's like he disappeared for 45 minutes and our food was nowhere in sight. Our order consisted of 3 breakfast entrees, enchiladas,1 burger, 1 salad and one hot entree, nothing out of the ordinary or difficult. . . Once the food finally arrived, it was just ok. Not bad, but nothing memorable. I felt like the food should have been outstanding for howlong we waited, but it was just so-so. . . I won't be going back to this place for long waits on mediocre food. . . Our server never even acknowledged that our food took over 45 minutes. Rude!. . The (only) upside: the prices were reasonable.
You know, everyone raves about this place, and I can't see it. It's annoyingly loud, the seats are pretty uncomfortable and the food quality just isn't there. I just finished having lunch with a gf who loves Grand Lux and is in from out of town, so politely agreed to join at Palazzo. I ordered something different from the Asian Nachos which is the only thing that I have had there that I thought was extra good at one time, but the last time I got them thought they had gone downhill, so decided to switch today to the Rachel (sister to a Ruben). The meat was so greasy and bad tasting that I literally had to pull it from the sandwich and eat the slaw and bread alone which too was overly greased and dripping. I stopped eating at about half because I thought it would make my stomach upset if I ate more. Trust me, I don't usually walk away from a Ruben sandwich. With so many great places to eat in Vegas why bother?
Wow I expected much more from one of the Venetian's flagship eateries..   http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=I4InWGszg4yUFN2ReYq_Ig&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. . I stepped up to the plate as I was debating between the Grand Lux & the new burger joint Rattlecan. I opted for the tried and true and struck out several times. . . I had no wait to be seated and as I was guided to my table I almost wiped out as I slipped on the greasy floor in front of one of the kitchen door. STRIKE ONE!.. . After studying hard to read the menu in the very dimly lit back of the resturant I decided on several items for dinner.. . FOOD ORDERED:. Salisbury Chopped Kobe Steak . House Green Salad . . A guy (manager?) came to me about 10 min after I ordered and told me that the chef did not like the look of the kobe beef, and would not serve it customers. This tells me that they didn't have any kobe beef. Regaudless, I had to pick another choice now almost 20 min into the trip.  STRIKE TWO!. . FOOD Re-ORDERED:. Chicken Royale and Shrimp Scampi. House Green Salad . . WHAT I GOT:. House Green Salad ...  my salad and it was very good the blue cheese dressing was exceptional (although they charged me extra for it)  4****Stars. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=VRVeFAfNVQtqdjvAZ23rQQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. Chicken Royale and Shrimp Scampi ... I was pretty suprised by the entree it had lightly breaded shrimp in a citrius tasting cream sauce, masted potatoes grilled green beans and a thin piece of fried chicken with scallions. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=tvJj23joNXjio7SdhYC5QA&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. This was not like any scampi I'd ever eaten nor was the chicken although tender very "royal".  Both tasted ok but I was not thrilled with what I got. The Mashed potatoes wer good as were the beans even though they were cold.. . I finished my meal, the buss lady took away my plates and I waited for my check. And waited, and waited until I finally flagged down another waitress who said she'd inform my waitress, and I waited some more. Finally after 15 min I got a check then had to wait 5 more min for her to run my card. STRIKE THREE! . . Grand Lux Cafe YOU're OUT!. . The Grand Lux Cafe is is a very nice place with great atmosphere, maybe a tad too dark but it needs to really work on the service.. . I will not return to Grand Lux Cafe.
I recently went here because I heard it was almost like Cheesecake Factory. However, what started off as good service (being seated fairly quickly for a large group) was a plus until we realize how absolutely LONG we had to wait for our food. Our server forgot about us or something? While everybody else around us was getting their meals, we were wondering what happened to ours?? We had to ask a person who was not even our server for BREAD. We were seriously all famished and were getting extremely grumpy. I guess the manager realized we waited long and as a kind deed, he gave us free orange juice. . . After waiting what seemed like hours, we got our food. I got the combination of the salad/fetucini alfredo and I was extremely eager to eat. Once I took my first bite into my pasta, I was disgusted with the amount of salt in it. I never taste such a salty pasta dish in my life! I thought I was the only one, but my friends tried and agreed it was extremely salty. My other friends ordered pasta/salad combo and it was super salty as well! I do NOT recommend the nasty salty fetuccini alfredo. It was so salty I didn't eat it anymore. I do not recommend this place, nor would I ever go back. I am sure other dishes were better, but I just had a terrible experience due to the long wait, our server who forgot about us, and the salty meals. Definitely NOT worth it.
Most places in Vegas are overpriced. This one especially so.. . Ordered a burger medium rare. I don't know if the grind is especially fatty or if they cook their patties in clarified butter, but it wasn't good. I just can't understand how someone could let a burger leave the kitchen in the falling apart, bizarrely cooked fashion in which it arrived on my plate.. . Not a fan.
I had the gnocchi here. it was just plain and very oily. And I'll be honest, I was pissed that there's no prices for their beverages. I paid $12 for my pasta and $5.50 for a tiny orange juice. That's just ridiculous. Why not charge $20 while you're at it? . . The service was fine. I'm sure there are better items on the menu, but to have the balls to charge me half my meal for a few ounces of liquid and not show anywhere the prices, you guys get a rare 2 stars from me.
Food was good but the wait was way too long to get in. My wife ordered a hamburger well done and the waitress said well doe takes an additional 15 minutes. Are the now using sunlight with a magnifying glass to cook. Why an additional 15. I don't know but it took 30 minutes to get our food.
It's basically a cheesecake factory.. . The portions are huge which is nice and the price is appropriate.. . I was feeling steak so I asked our host how their steak was and about the aging process. He proceeded to tell me that the steaks are really good and that the steak is not old but fresh. I should have taken that as a bad sign and ordered something else.. . But no, I had to get steak and I hated myself for it.. . I think they completely forgot to season the steak. It was just meat without any sort of flavor. It was also overcooked.. . Not very impressed.
I always liked this place over the years until last weekend,when our entire meal was horrible. and it took 15 minutes before our server even came to our table.. . I've always ordered the pot roast in here but thie time it was dry and pretty much burnt.I sent it back and they admitted they were having "issues" with it.The salad I ordered in it's place had  soggy tomatoes that just ruined it.. . The others in my party were not impressed with their food either.The worst part is we specificly went to the Venitian to eat there on my recomendation and nobody left happy.. . The manager did come out and  try to smooth things over but the bad taste was already in our mouths!. . Also while seated in the bar in a low booth we had a birds eye view of a overweight 40 ish woman in booty shorts,whose legs were spead eagle at  one the high tables across from us.When she wasnt showing everyone her goods she was rubbing her companions crotch with her bare foot! If I'd of been able to actually eat my food ,I'd of probably of thrown up!. . I wish I could still love this place but I can't anymore.
You don't get to take chicken strips from the lunch menu, put them on a very average waffle and call it Chicken and Waffles!!!!  Thesse were by far the worst Chicken and Waffles I've ever had.  They weren't even good chicken strips.  Please please please go find someone's grandmother's fried chicken recipe and start over again.  You should immediately take these things off your menu.  They were HORRIBLE!!!!. . Wow!  Ok!  Now that I've got that out of my system, The Grand Lux Cafe has always been a "Go to" spot whenever we've stayed at the Venetian.  It's the affordable dining establishment.  Overall the food has always been pretty good and they're open 24 hours.  I'm sure I'll stumble in again some time.......
Horrible wait for food. Literally 40+ min after ordering and still no food on July 4th weekend. Food itself was pretty good but horrible service and wait makes it a 2 star.
Stayed at the Venetian this time around and heard about this place from other yelpers over the years. . . For those who don't know Grand Lux Cafe is created by the founder of Cheesecake Factory. That being said the quality is the same. Your pretty much paying for the ambiance. . . Came here around 3:30 in the morning. Had a terrible server. She look like she didn't want to be there. Never introduce herself and didn't refill our water glasses. The manager i believe at that time came by however often to check up on us told her to refill our water glasses but still nothing. . . Food Ordered:. Rib Eye Steak- Close to $30. Terrible piece of steak. Told them medium rare but it came out medium well. I've had better steak at even Norms for goodness sake. The sides was nothing to write home about either. . . Probably won't ever eat here again. Terribly over hyped. Go for Secret Pizza or Earl's Sand Whiches after the clubs.
Worst Sunday brunch experience. Nothing special with the food and waaaay over priced. Def expected better. In honesty I would have enjoyed my food better at Norms.
In my opinion, this place is way too overhyped. Reminds me of a sad version of the Cheesecake Factory. Since my party was so large, gratuity was already included which probably explains the unenthusiastic service. The carbonara lacked flavor and my friends all agreed that it tasted like bland noodles. Not sure how thisplace has such a good yelp reputation, definitely not up to my standards!
ok so usually I love this place...I go there every time I go to Vegas but this time was horrible and made my turn up tturn down. I had about 10 ppl with me and the service was slow as hell. They brought out the apps and then literally took about an hour to bring 6 plates...took another 30 minutes to bring the other 4 which by the way were all shrimp scampi plates..being a somewhat of a chef myself I KNOW it doesnt take that long to cook shrimp...I dont know what the problem was...also felt like our table to kinda close to the back of the place..hmmmmm but I digress. I really wanted to go party after but once we finally ate I was soooo damn tired and pissed off..just went back to the room and hung out there with friends. Annoyed much???? YEP the only thing that made it okay was that we all had separate checks and we each got half off but damn I had to even ask the manager for that....he should have offered it up front!!!
Have eaten here before and it was really good.  This morning less than average. Husbands home fries dried out and tasteless.  Sliced tomatoes I got instead of potatoes equally poor.  Both our omelette's just ok.  I ordered an egg white with asparagus and crab, with the holendase on the side. I think there were tomatoes in there, but not sure what they were?  Also one of the asparagus end you snap off made it into my omelette - yuck.  Service slow and it wasn't very crowded.  We will eat somewhere else tomorrow
Passed by this place for a family dinner about a week ago. We came because when we tried it several years ago, it was pretty good. boy, has it changed over the years, and only for the worse. . . From what I remember, we ordered the chicken pot pie, pasta telephono, and chicken Alfredo. Though I don't remember what the other two ordered, I do remember that all of us left that place unsatisfied and quite disappointed. --Chicken pot pie had a great flaky crust, but the filling was boring, bland, and watery. . -Pasta telephono was extremely cheesy (too much for my taste) and had an extremely weird and unexplainable taste. Definitely not recommended. . -Chicken Alfredo was just an average chicken Alfredo, nothing exciting.. . Service was pretty average and the place was decently crowded, considering the fact that it was a pretty big place. We dined at around 8 on a Tuesday night. But overall, this place was a last minute decision for us since it was located in our hotel and we are definitely not coming back. my advice: don't bother wasting a night here; try mon ami gabi at the Paris hotel, it has excellent food!
