before i get into it, i agree the building is nice, artsy fartsy, modern blah blah blah...but i'm not a fan of their casino.  i'm not an avid gambler by ANY means, but i do know how texas holdem is played.  granted, it was 3AM, i'm probably pooped and sleepy looking, but it's my money, right?  . . i sat down at a holdem table where there were three other players and the dealer (duh).  first of all, she wasn't friendly at all, but that didn't bother me. what irked me was her lack of professionalism.  we all placed our blinds/bets, flop came out.  i realized right away i had two pairs.  i'm first up to bet or check, so i checked.  this looney dealer PICKS UP MY CARDS, looks at them, and says "it's a good hand, play them".  so of course EVERYONE ELSE folded!  i was so confused by what she did that i just got up and left.  now that i think about it, that was totally not okay!. . so yeah, the rest of the places i went to like haze, the deuce, and some other club with a name i can't remember were fine.  cute shops too.  but everytime i talk about the aria, i can't help but only recall that crappy gambling experience.
I'm with Barry W.  Housekeeping: you need to get your act together because when I checked into my suite today, I was mortified.  You should be too.. . Refer to my pics.  I  called for the Executive Manager of Housekeeping, who arrived with two other staff members.  It took no fewer than seven phone calls because apparently there was also a technical difficulty with my telephone.  Read:  my phone was busted.  . . Upon their arrival, I showed them the disaster zone and  they agreed that the wet bar was filthy and in a whispered conference in the bedroom made the decision to change my room.  . . Brilliant.  . . I then had to wait around for Bell Service to transfer my luggage (and by now, the germaphobia and revulsion for the state of my room was joined by frust-arvation).  . . Housekeeping professionals tsk-tsked and continued their hushed conference in the bedroom area, while I paced.  They advised that had I any further concerns, I should contact Casino Services.  Which I did.. . FD:  "Front Desk, how may I be of service?". KD:  "Hi.  I have to change rooms because of unsanitary conditions and I would like to know what your protocol is to accommodate guests for the inconvenience.". FD:  "We change you to another room.". KD:  "Okaaay... My particular situation was extreme, and I'm just following up as Housekeeping suggested-". FD:  "Ma'am, are you looking for compensation?". KD:  "What?". FD:  "I can offer you a $50 food credit.". KD:  "Uh, I'm pretty sure there was more than $50 worth of food scattered about my wet bar when I checked in.  If this is how you keep the rooms, where I can see everything, what makes you think I want to eat in your restaurants?". FD:  "Ma'am, I can give you the $50 food credit, take it or leave it.". KD:  "Alrighteee, then.  Thanks.". . I did speak to Ms. Shum, Assistant Front Desk Manager who was attentive, gracious, and glanced at the pictures I'd taken before settling on a more appropriate gesture for the inconvenience caused by the negligent Housekeeping Staff.. . She gave me her card and was rather professional about the incident.. . I continue to have requests to engineering get "lost in the ether" for an hour... my follow up call resulted in me holding in excess of five minutes and then being asked to hold again.  I told the Front Desk Rep that 90 seconds is the ceiling in a Hospitality Setting where you can respectfully ask for your guest to wait.  Beyond that, you get back on the line, inform them that you will track down the answer and contact them.  . . I'm stranded on Incompetence Island in a 950 sqft Suite of Despair.  . . Send help.
I'm actually still here, so the Aria still has about 13 hours to redeem itself in my eyes...but that seems unlikely.. . I'm in a corner suite on the 25th floor which boasts an absolutely gorgeous view of the strip, especially at night. However, the view is only possible because the suite is surrounded on three sides by glass...which is unfortunately very ineffective at blocking noise from outside. I'm writing this review at 3:05 AM as the bass-heavy music from a nearby nightclub threatens to shatter every window in the room. I called the front desk to ask if they knew what the noise was and if so, when I might expect it to stop. The answer was, "Uhhhh...well it's Wednesday night...could be The Cosmopolitan? Maybe it will stop around 3 or 4?". . Look, I know I'm in "VEGAS, BABY!!!" and some noise is to be expected. But I didn't ask for a 24-hour club experience, and I think guests booked on this side of the hotel should be warned that that's what they're getting. Also, guests who have a complaint (even when it's about something over which the staff has no control) should at least be offered an apology or some minor compensation, not just "Uhhhh..." Bad form.. . Another noise problem: The jets in our bathroom jacuzzi tub came on randomly three times throughout our stay. That was a bit unsettling.. . As for the rest of the hotel, it's not terrible - the casino is fun and easy to navigate, there are a number of restaurants offering a variety of food options, the buffet is good, and the housekeeping thus far has been decent (had a couple of dirty-looking drinking glasses when we walked in, but otherwise the room was spotless). Also, I ordered breakfast from room service and was quite impressed with the efficiency of service and overall presentation. The food is lacking in quality for as much as it costs, though - the same is true in the 24-hour cafe downstairs (Cafe Vettro). . . In fact, I think that's a fine summary for my stay here: Lacking in quality for as much as it costs. I won't be staying here again.. . (Update: The music finally stopped at 3:30 AM. Sweet, sweet relief.). . (Update #2: We needed a late checkout and were informed we'd have to pay $150 to stay in the room an extra four hours. I explained that I'd spent most of the night awake involuntarily listening to loud, thumping music and was planning to spend that four hours catching up on sleep before flying home. A nice young lady at the front desk named Tahlia got me a late checkout for no extra charge. . . Then when we checked out, an employee named Dana argued that we probably weren't hearing what we thought we were hearing and it couldn't have been that bad because they'd have heard it at the front desk. Again, bad form.)
What's with the Vegas Strip these days, all the new hotel/casinos are all "velvet ropes and posturing". This place is style with some substance, and interesting architecture, however I enjoy the casinos in Vegas that give me a theme. . Average size rooms with a big bathroom, bathtub with a connected shower. The toilet is separated by a glass door for a quiet release. I've stayed at a lot of places in Vegas and this is the best room I've been in by a little bit, but I did have to pay for it. I have not stayed at the Wynn yet though, I will be there in May 2011 for a wedding, so I may have to update this review. The buffet is average, definitely no 'Rio Buffet', but their unlimited Mimosa can be worth it.. I did enjoy the British bar (with a good draught selection) and the open bar in the casino area is decent. However, I do have a major beef that you get no break to get into their nightclub Haze for staying here like other hotels on the strip.. Overall, this place lacks personality and doesn't feel 'fun'. I don't have any good reason for you to stay here.
I stayed here in Sept 2010. I wasn't impressed. The casino host assigned to me, Randy Hedland, made a mistake on my reservation and caused me a lot of frustration. Throughout the weekend, he was difficult to get in touch with and had terrible customer service. I'm sorry but he's simply a terrible host! Luckily, I was assigned someone else and things turned out better. But, Randy is probably the worst hosting experience I've had in Vegas.. . The cafe is empty, yet you still have to wait 15 mins to be seated and this is in the VIP line haha! P.S. This is not an exaggeration when I say that the Eggs Benedict I ordered here at Cafe Vettro was the worst breakfast I have had in my lifetime! In my entire lifetime! The ham tasted like air with the texture of rubber. The eggs were sour and runny.  The hashbrowns were cardboard.. . The room functions/buttons/remotes etc are just so damn confusing. The sky tower suites were okay, but actually smaller than I anticipated.The VIP lounge was always out of stock of sparkling waters and only provided some cookies?! Late night I went down there to grab some waters, and they lady said there is a min 2 per person. You're jokingright? I wanted 4 for the girls in my room. . . Overall, the resort is over indulgent with no real substance or customer service. Overbuilt, over hyped with designs leading to nowhere. I prefer to stay at the Bellagio.. . Aria has another 5 years or so before they really can work out all the kinks.
I really wanted to like this hotel. The architecture is beautiful and the rooms are nicely high tech. Unfortunately, my stay there was less than optimal and it all comes down to poor customer service. . . First impression:. . The fountain outside is pretty cool and the casino smells good when you walk in. Many casinos have that nasty smoke smell, but the Aria does not. This was a major plus since I hate the smell of smoke.  . . Check in:. . Although quick and efficient, the front desk host was lacking in social skills needed for hospitality. I've worked for years in the business and I know when someone can be more helpful and chooses not to be. There wasn't a line and the host could have chosen to be friendlier and more informative. Instead, he didn't engage in conversation and seemed reluctant to give us the room we had reserved. . . The Room:. . I liked the remote that allowed us to control the TV, Radio, Lights and curtains. The room was a nice size, but not the biggest I've seen in Vegas. There are buttons that control the lighting on the sides of the bed. One says sleep and that turns off everything in the room. My friend decided to take a nap while I was in the shower and it turned off the lights in the bathroom. I was a little tipsy and it scared the ish out of me. . . The Scam Artist:. . On the first night the guys in the group decided to go to a strip club. A bellman in the lobby told them that he could get them a free limo ride and comp access to the Hustler if they gave him a sizeable tip. They paid the guy and hopped into the limo. When they got to the club, the limo guy asked for his fee. The guys had been told it would be a free ride, but paid him anyway. When they got to the door and asked about their comp access, the security at the club said that they had no affiliation with anyone at the Aria Hotel. . . So my overall impression of the Aria is that it could have been much better. Customer service wasn't what it should have been at such a nice hotel and nothing about the room really wowed me. I wouldn't stay here again and for that reason, I can't recommend it to anyone else.
I came here for a medical convention that was off site. I was excited, the website made the place look really nice. So I was hoping for the best. Ultimately, the service here sucks. I think I could have had a seizure in the middle of the foyer and no one would have noticed. It's a shame, because they place had potential... but sadly you cannot polish a turd. . . The general smell of the lobby is nice. It doesn't smell like an ash tray. But the concierge desk closes at 9pm on weekends.. in Vegas. REALLY? . . There was no line for check in and the girl was fast. But she was a bitch. Really. I had called to request a city view and the person had never made that reservation note... so when I checked in the girl was like, "You've been upgraded to a city view.." At which point I replied, "You upgraded me to what I am paying for..." Let's just say, even though I indicated to her it was my 30th birthday, she was SO unpleasant and unhelpful, I almost left the hotel to go to the Cosmopolitan. Also, she neglected to give us a bunch of stuff at check in.. it was just... bad. She was a bitch. . . The room itself was pretty.. and the automation is swell.. But seriously if you press the wrong button, you're screwed. Also, I imagine that the bathroom was designed to torture their house cleaning staff as the tub is behind the shower with no separation. Therefore, even if you don't take a bath, the huge tub is getting your shower spray all over it. The beds were nice enough, comfortable.. but it was not the Four Seasons.. . Also, reservations for things were a headache... Everything was a headache. The spa was unaccommodating...  when they finally answered the phone, which had to be routed through the front desk. And one of the hostesses at Sage was a complete asshole about making our reservation 5 people instead of 4.. because they were SO BUSY that night. And yet when we got there, the place was not that busy at all. . . Honestly, I think about Vegas and I think about customer service. Maybe I am not gambling away hundreds of thousands of dollars here, but I'd still like to get my ass kissed a little bit if they expect me to return. Which I shan't.
a 5-star price for a 2-star hotel. . where shud i start?  shud i start with the long lines at check-in?  the un-informative front desk person?  the non-working tv-remote? the 300 watts bright touch pad?. . the room we got was soooo far from the elevator, it's a good 2-3 minute walk.  i guess that's ok when it's in the am after a good nite sleep but the walk will seem like an hr when you've already been walking for a long time.  when we got to the hotel on late sat (prez day wknd), we noticed:. . 1.  there was already a long line at the front desk.  the person who checked us in wasn't very informative.  she didn't tell us what floor we're on or what the room # was.  she just gave us a key and sent us on our way. . 2.  that there was no luggage rack to put our luggage so . we had to put it on the floor.. 3.  no slippers.  i thought all hotels provide slippers in the room.  i had to call later that nite to have the slippers brought to our room. 4.  the tv remote doesn't work.  i told them at the same time when i called for the slippers and they said it could be the batteries and would bring them over.  however, when they brought the slippers, guess what, the person didn't even know about the batteries.  the person said she would follow up and that was the last time i heard from her.. 5.  the master off/on lite switch doesn't work.  it's the 1st time in my life i had to call the front desk to ask how to turn off the lites.  the lady said, "oh, you can use the tv remote".  yea, right...but the remote DOESN'T WORK!  she then said use the touch pad.  ok, at least the touch pad worked.  also, there's no clear instruction in the room to use the touch pad to control everything.  i just thought it was a clock. . 6.  oh, the touch pad.  the backlite of the touch pad is way too bright.  i had to turn it face down to sleep.. 7.  i wrote a note to housekeeping to replace the batteries the next day (sun).  i don't know whether it was replaced or not but it still didn't work when we came back.  if they were replaced, it would only take 2 secs to check but obviously they didn't check.  that's attention to details a 5-star hotel should have.. 8.  the curtains have openings at top that let the sunlight in so it doesn't completely black out the room.  an easy fix for that is a valence at top. again, that's attention to details.. 9.  the buffet is NOT good at all.  not much variety and nothing stands out as really good.  the lobster was overcooked and the shrimp was soggy.. . this is the condensed version of my review.  :P
Definitely not the 5 star that I was expecting to experience.   The air/ventilation is just not what you would expect for a nice hotel, it was smokier then most other hotels.  The sheets were rough, the Hilton Las Vegas has softer sheets.   I won't be back to the Aria, there are just so many other hotels that offer better customer service and comfort.
I stayed here last weekend and I had an okay experience. The room was fine; we got a room that was in a shape of a wedge.  Due to the shape of the room furniture was oddly placed.  . . We stayed at the hotel for two nights and three days.. . Getting into the room is kind of cool, window curtains open, television turns on and music plays. Having a wired remote is a great idea but, when it comes to using it, it is gimmicky. Slow response time when trying to watch the television. It was also difficult to get the lights in the room to dim or even turn off. . . On the first day we left our room at 11am and when we got back at 5 pm. Our room was not clean. I have stayed at other hotels were the rooms are cleaned, towels are changed, and the beds are made up for night.  It is sad since this place has a five star rating.  . . When walked down the hallway a lot of other rooms had service signs on. When we left for dinner and when we got back they were still on and when we got up the next day to go home they still were not made. . . On the day of check out, we could not get on to the check out screen, so we could check out through the room.  There was something wrong with their check out service. We finally did it by texting. . . Our friends tried to call the front desk to check out, after being placed on hold for 15 minutes they went down. The person at the front desk made it sound like it was an incident problem. . . Aria get your act together you are loosing people left and right.
Eh.. . The rack room is nothing special, although the gizmo remote control is nice.  The room is so small, if you have a room service table in the room, there is no room to walk (or even sit at the table).. . The breakfast is an absolute CRAP feast.  It makes college dorm food look good.  The Buffet was part of the room package, and it was less than zero.  Run, don't walk away from that.
Style over substance.. . The Aria is nice... gorgeous building. Fantastic view. High tech amenities. Beautiful and classy rooms.. . So why the 2 star review? Well... it's a 4 star building with 3 star treatment, a 2 star buffet and a 1 star nightclub. . . The room was gorgeous - though I think that after the first night, they "cleaned" our room but hung our dirty towels on the towel bars and didn't give us replacements. So I'm sharing a room in Vegas with my buddy and we have to play "who's balls touched this" on the second night at an upscale hotel?! Can't tell you how rad it is to dry off after a shower with a damp dirty towel that may or may not have been used by your friend and his balls and butt. . . The snack cabinet charges your room even if you so much as touch something or open the door. . . The bed was retarded comfortable, but I think this place had bedbugs or something because I was eaten alive.. . Being a guest of the hotel gets you a healthy "go fuck yourself" attitude from the bouncers at Haze. . . Every time we tried to talk to someone who worked there to get some sort of service, we were met with anything but 4 or 5 star treatment. I'm easy to please, and I managed to have a good time here in spite of their best efforts to make me miserable. It was bizarre.. . Their poker room was lively, but the chips were disgusting. They were so filthy and broken I didn't want to touch them. How much could a new set of chips cost? This is pretty common though. . . The worst buffet I've been to in Vegas. . . This is a beautiful hotel and I would consider staying here again if I didn't have to pay for it. Their casino is a drag and I'm not impressed by the food. Their nightclub is reason enough to avoid this entire hotel.
So it started with the crazy long check in process. The people in line before us were trying be up sold on a bed frame. I kid you not. So after we get through and go up on to the room and there were two dirty glasses by the door. So no big deal until 72 hrs later and they were still there. So being the true Bostonian that I am, I moved them to the middle of the hallway so they would trip over them and take them away. 8 hours later they were gone. I guess the main thing about Aria was there was not much going on in the hotel itself. I have stayed at Cesar's on previous trips and just the liveliness there is second to none. I know it seems kind of picky but they state themselves as a five star hotel and just did see it. One major gripe was when you go into most hotels there is a newsstand right near front of the hotel. I could not find one in Aria nor was I informed where such a store would be located. After complaining to a cab driver he told me that it was in the back of the Aria Men's store. Really.. So I found it and much better then walking the 20 mins to CVS for a water or anything else I mat have forgotten.
Aria has a lot of great things going for it, it's shiny, new, perfectly pleasant.  But at the end of the day it's kind of like the Tin man in the Wizard of Oz...it really needs a heart.  . . First the good: The rooms have very nice, good sized amenities, robes in all rooms, good closet space.  The beds are comfy, if you like those types of bed that are very plush, it felt almost like sleeping on a cloud.  . . The Casino is very...uncasino as it lacks the constant ding, ding, ding of machines with bright gaudy lights and smells like Vanilla.  The decor is richly colored and textured with fabulous artwork.  There is almost no wait time for elevators, and it is situated well on the strip.  . . The bad:  Customer service is sorely lacking.  The casino is large so for those of you who don't put service as an important factor then this should not be a problem as there aren't many instances where you will come in contact with guest services.  . . We arrived on a Thursday night, the lines were shallow, and there were plenty guest agents ready to check-in guests.  The line we picked was a bad choice.  We were probably fourth in line and it took about 20 mins to reach the check in counter.  When it became our turn to check-in there was no greeting, no smile, no warmth to our GSA.  The GSA had told me that I had booked a room with one bed, when I needed two.  She asked if I wanted a rollaway bed to be put in the one bed room for no extra charge, otherwise, it would be a $30.00 per day fee to get a room with two beds.  Now. Working in hospitality myself I knew this was complete bullshit.  I told her that the extra fees made me feel like I was being nickled and dimed in what is suppose to be a 5 star luxury hotel and casino.  Her stare was blank and she then again asked me if I wanted a rollaway bed.  Frustrated with the slow, blank stare of this GSA I asked to speak to the manager.  . When I spoke with the manager, I again was met with resistance.  I told him that I was disappointed that a hotel so large and upscale would try to nickel and dime guest.  He sternly informed me that charging more for two rooms was the Aria's business model, and that this will be a trend most hotel companies take.  I then told him that I work for a hotel company, and that this is the last thing we would do to guests.  At this point the manager knew I was not going to cave.  Begrudgingly the manager told me he would waive the fee as if he was doing me some sort of tremendous favor.  . Also, while the remote controlled everything in the room is very cool and novel, things are slow to work (like a 3 second delay even when going through a tv guide), and there is a distinct clicking made by the lights as they start to cool or reset themselves, which is annoying as you are trying to fall asleep.. . Also we needed to call engineering as half of our bathroom controllers and outlets did not work.  This however was quickly rectified. . . Resort fees were $20.00 a day plus tax.. . All in all, the hotel was shiny and pretty, but don't expect anything below the surface.   Until they can provide a better customer service experience I probably would not go back.
This is an ok hotel. I like the Wynn properties much better. Be forewarned! Despite being a newer hotel the walls of the rooms are paper thin. If you want to actually sleep uninterrupted at night stay somewhere else. If you're here on business this is really a problem. Only my tv turned up to full volume blocks out loud music and talking from the room next door.. . Also, the room ventilation system is very ineffective. I had a room on the 24th floor which was non smoking but just above the smoking 23rd floor. My bathroom smelled like 10 people were chain smoking right inside. I changed rooms because it was so disgusting. Make sure you question where all the smoking floors are relative to your room.
I was really excited about staying in the new city center.  I've been to Vegas several times and normally opt to stay off the strip due to fact that most of the reasonably priced hotels on the strip are extremely old so when I found a under $200 rate at a new modern hotel I was geeked!!!.  . Unfortunately that ended fairly soon. . . ROOM: Great looking, very modern & spacious, yet there is no real direction as to how everything works. Took me 15-20 minutes to get things working properly and even then I had several lights that I could not get to turn on. also the only outlets are at the front of the room by the tv. No night stand outlets so if you are like me and like having you phone close to you at all times, charge it during the day else be forced to get up out of bed in the middle of the night to answer it.. . FRONT DESK: Very friendly yet sometimes inefficient.  Had to call several times about getting my lights fixed. Internet wouldn't work properly and they kept transferring me to the wrong people to fix it. Called for an extension cord so that I could work comfortably in my bed b/c the outlet is soooooo far away and she talked to me as if it was the silliest thing they've ever heard.  Let how odd is it that I would want an outlet near me so I could work from my bed or answer my phone!. . CONCIERGE: They just seemed confused. The last time I visited Vegas I used the monorail to get around the strip. Being that the city center is so new and I asked about trains, buses, monorails to get back and forth.  Th e1st concierge told me about the free shuttle to get to Bellagio. The 2nd told me about the RTC bus. The 3rd told me to walk to MGM grand and get the monorail. None of them actually got me to where I was trying to go.  I just ended up taking a taxi because they confused me even more.. . ELEMENTS: This is their 24 hour one stop shop although looking from the outside you would never know this.  When walking by it looks like a clothing shop advertising the Elvis show but they have everything. I loved it until I went to pay and couldn't find a register that was open.  When I finally saw an employee standing by a register I sat my items on the counter and she pointed at a closed sign that was closer to another register. Didn't even speak or try to get me some help.  I was flabbergasted! . . PROS: Great vibe. Not at all casino-y lol Has a upscale feel. Nice location. Great food although lacks a cost variety. Cheapest cup of coffee in this place was $8.  . CONS: Room has hair everywhere. I have no clue where it came from because my housekeeper was bald. My towels were noticeably dirty and one reeked of smoked.. . I like the feel of the City Center but I won't stay here again.  May try Planet Hollywood or the Cosmopolitan next time.
As others have said, this hotel favors form over function.  The property was beautiful but the rooms were fairly average.  I travel regionally for work and often find myself staying at mid priced hotels in remote areas, such as Holiday/Comfort Inns.  The room at the Aria was worse than almost all of the hotels I've stayed at that were far cheaper.  The personell were OK, most were polite but there were no real services.  For the right price I would have stayed here again but for two major flaws with the room.  No coffee maker in the room and no power outlets near the bed.  I was constantly switching phones, computer and cameras in the outlets to keep them charged.  I brought my laptop to watch my local ondemand and a couple of DVDs in bed so that I wouldn't be stuck with hotel cable.  Unfortunatly my cord would not reach the bed, which meant I had a dead laptop after a few hours, and as I stated, most of the time there were other things plugged in to the outlets.  Also, without a coffee maker I had to go to the casino/lobby pre shower to get a cup of coffee which incidently cost $4.27.  Lastly they don't allow you to choose which type of room until you check in.  We checked in after midnight and being a smoker, I wanted a smoking room.  This resulted in a switch from a King to a room with two very small queens, so I had a choice, smoke or sleep with my wife.  I won't tell you which I chose.  One last compaint was the touch panel next to the bed. The time and date were way off and I couldn't figure out how to fix it, therefore everytime I tried to set an alarm I had to do math and I couldn't use the alarm in my phone because it was usually plugged into the outlet across the room.  I called the front desk twice to see if they could fix the time, but neither time did they pick up.  On the positive side, the casino is nice, the food was decent but way overpriced for what you got.  The buffet had a great breakfast which was reasonably priced, but the dinner was $30.00/pp and was average or just above. The pool area was great, plenty of shade, the waitresses were polite and efficient, but again, if you get a drink at the pool its going to cost you at least $8.00 and most likely $12.00.  My wife and I spent almost $60.00 on drinks at the pool in about 3-4 hours.  . . Other than the lack of a King/Smoking room, check in was good and the desk clerk was very polite.  The concierge was very helpful on a few occasions, except they need to learn the taxi prices, was told a taxi to someplace would be about $12, it was $25, this happened twice.  The 24 hour cafe was good, but if you order the nachos, beware, there is no salsa, which made them very dry.  . . Summary, everything was very pretty, but fairly useless.  I will not stay at the Aria again.
Pros:  Location.  I stayed in the Sky Suites- the two bedroom suite was awesome.. . Cons:  Bar service stinks.  The valet crashed my truck, damaging my mirror.  Two months later their solution is that I take time from work to get two written estimates, notarize a release, and then they will compensate me the exact cost of the repair.  Not once did management apologize or do anything to try to make this right.. . I'll stay away in the future.
One of my Uncles got a free hotel room here and gave it to me since he had to go back to CA and wouldn't be able to use the room. I was pretty excited since it's such a new hotel and I haven't stayed in it yet.. . Needless to say, I didn't end up staying the night here because I wasn't in the mood to drive to the strip that night. However, I did drive over to the hotel at 7am, so i had until 12pm to checkout. I had my boyfriend meet me there, so we could have breakfast before he went to work at 8am, but that didn't end up happening because we passed out on the comfy bed. It must've been very comfortable because we ended up sleeping through our phone alarms and waking up at 8:15am (15 minutes after he was suppose to be at work). He actually woke up right before me and said, "okay, I gotta get ready" and I said, "well you better hurry, it's 8:15." Then he literally jumped out of the bed like a kangaroo on crack and was ready within 30 seconds. . . After he ran out of the room, I went back to sleep for about an hour on the marshmallow-like bed. I really like that the curtain covers up the entire window because it keeps the room cool and it almost looks like nighttime when the whole thing is blocked off. . . When I woke up around 9:30, I decided to relax and take a bath in the awesome tub. I was in the tub for about 5 minutes and I was completely under the water when I heard a knock at the door. Since my whole head was underwater, I wasn't sure if it was actually at my door, so I sat up and listened. That's when I heard another knock at the door, but this time the door was unlocked and OPENED at the same time as the knock! WTF! I didn't want to jump out of the bathtub and run over to the door all naked, so I just kind of hid myself behind the wall of the bathtub and yelled, I'M IN HERE!" and the lady was like, "Oh, I'm sorry, I'll come back later" and she closed the door behind her.  I understand that I didn't have the "do not disturb" sign up, but still, that doesn't mean I should be busted in on more than TWO HOURS before checkout time.. . I was pretty pissed after the incident, so I just got all of my stuff together and headed out after trying to checkout through the tv, which was not working at the time. . . To sum it all up, I've definitely experienced better, which is why I'm giving Aria 2 stars. The only things I really liked about this place were the bed and the beautiful view from the hotel room. Other than that, the ambiance and decor of the place is pretty "blah," the towels are like worn out sandpaper, the tv checkout service wasn't even working, and I was almost violated by a housekeeper.
I got this room for free so there was no expectations for me if anything it started off great with aria since i got it for free so i was thinking this place has to something wrong in order for me to not give it a great review right?. . i read up on all the reviews here before i left for aria and i had my doubts from the average reviews it got, but went ahead and stayted her anywayz.  . . First impression on the room (regular room no suite) was dam its small for a regular room other hotels offer larger space for there regular rooms for the same price.  Also, the automatic blinds didnt work we had to have somebody come up and take a look at it and that took over an hr.  Room was HOT we turned it down to 65 still was warm u have to turn it down to like 61 there is no medium point.  Bed was soft i give them that.. . For the pool it was nothing special u have to pay and arm and a leg to go into Liquid lounge to have fun, but liquid is small.  Nothing special and the vibe outside in the regular pool was for like OLD grandma and grandpas.  Some music would of been nice.  Waitresses were average looking nothing special.  Nothing about the pool had a WOW factor.. . The floor lighting is dark both durin day and night on the floor.  No special bar that had a WOW factor to it on the floor.  Dealers and pit bosses were not fun.  Not enough baccarat tables.  Only hot waitress i saw was blonde russian lady WOW that was the only WOW factor i had at aria.  . . Club Haze was ok again no WOW factor to the club it was too big for the amount of ppl were there wasnt too packed.  Girl talent was average.  The pics i saw on the website after i came back i said to myself "where were these girls cause their hot and i didnt see them there!" ahaha.  We went on a sat night so maybe wrong night?. . lemon grass thai there was good!  bartenders were cool!  . . Hope that helps bye bye aria see u prbly never.  sorry.  next.
This place was pretty bad...I stayed here a few months ago but the stay will forever be burned into my head. We had some really high expectations for this place because of all the hype! We were majorly let down. Now to begin: . When we first arrived my friends parents(who were paying for the trip) asked the front desk to change our room from a two night stay to a 3 night and they acted like he was asking them to like close down the whole hotel! I understand if someone else had already reserved our room for the day after we were scheduled to leave, but they totally didn't have to be so rude to him especially when we were trying to give them money. Whatever they let us do it.. THEN the AC is one of the rooms broke and it took them FOREVER to come fix it. When they finally did they sprayed some gross smelling stuff in the vent and it stank up the whole room, the hallway and even the elevator. It was sooo bad. We expected them to offer letting us get a new room but nope not even an apology for the wretched smell. They just sprayed some other stuff to mask it. Whatever we let it go.... THEN we were doing our hair in our room getting ready to go out and our power blows out! We called the front desk to report it and they tell us they'll send someone to fix it...30 minutes later a guy comes up to our room with a new blow dryer...WTF?! Luckily the power came back on Its own so we didn't bother saying anything..and LASTLY, we were  walking to our room in the morning coming back from the pool and I happen to glance in a room that they're doing maid service in and I see the housekeeper pick up a Cosmo from the desk, plop on the bed, and startreading it! OK although this last thing didn't happen go us, it was still super unprofessional.... . All in all, I really didn't think it was worth the money spent there. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere they believe in real customer service and appreciate your money..
I experienced ARIA last year and was very dissapointed...Yes its a nice hotel from the outside...the inside is Meh...the smell is awful...the perfume is way to strong as you walk in to the hotel lobby...the staff checking people in is rude and this place is Bouji! So we just didnt get a good vibe from this place...as soon as my girl and I walked in hand in hand everyone was looking at us like we were aliens...def. not gay friendly...and alot of older people who think they are the sh#$ because they have money...soyea...not going back..
How disappointing.  This was my second stay at the 2 bedroom Aria Sky Suites and this experience was not nearly as good as my first.. . We flew in and got to the hotel at 3PM.  They checked us into a room and when we got there, it was still being cleaned!  I went back down to tell them to reassign us and there was not one apology for the mistake that they made.  They checked other 2 bedroom suites and it turned out that there was only one smoking suite available at that time and all of the other ones were being serviced.  I never stay in smoking rooms so that was obviously not an option.  They supposedly couldn't do anything for us ie put us in another comparable or better room so the only choice was to wait around.  They told us to go eat with a $100 credit towards food or beverages in the casino.  Once our room was done, we were checked in.  When we got there, everything was clean and in order.  Great quality decor.  We found that the TVs in the bathrooms didn't work which was annoying because we usually have the TV running while getting ready.  Also, in addition, when we got back to our hotel room at around 3AM on Sunday morning, there was no water because there was an accident somewhere on the strip.  Shouldn't hotels have some sort of reserve for cases like these?  When we called the front desk to find out what was going on, they were not apologetic at all and didn't seem to really care that we were dissatisfied with what was going on.   This time around, most of their front desk staff had major attitudes and were not accommodating.  All in all, it was a bad experience.  Too bad I already have reservations at Aria in August that I made before this trip.  We'll see how they do next time.
I can't understand all these people that seems to praise Aria?  Have they never stayed in a luxury hotel?  is this the best they have ever stayed in?  They can't tell the difference between the real 4 and 5 star hotels vs the make elieve.. . High tech gadgets they have at Aria is few years behind.  Venetian and Wynn had them ever since they opened few years ago.  So, what Aria have is nothing new.  What a dinky shower tub combo they have.  Such as compact room compare to other newer casinos.  Half the light doesn't seems to wor leavig it dark.  Such a dark hallway to get to your room.. . Worst of all, I thought was the security crew that supposedly guards the entrance to enter guest elevators.  What is ARAI thinking of?  Yes, it's good that they should be guarded, however, they shouldn't hire some thugs that think they could intimidate you.  What, do they believe that if you have some big (FAT) dude guarding them would make the guests feel safer.  I was there on the weekend of mother's day.  They seems to pick on Asians more so than others  Don't those big fat #%@$ know that over 50% of their guests are Asians.    Since they are so much smaller than you big fat asses that they can push them around.  . . ARIA, watch out, you have already lost some of the bigger whales as I've been told by a good source/  Pretty soon, you will loose more with this lack of service or I should say poor service and having hired ex-mafix that couldn't hack it in a real world so they became a security of a casino guarding doors.  Thye couldn't intimidate other gangs so they are here to intimidate the guests/  Ver smart move, ARIA.
Sorry Aria. Won't be coming back here even with a fairly good M Life Player deal.  I have stayed at almost a dozen 4 to 5 star Vegas hotels and I just don't see how they earned the 5 diamond award. Check in and check out were the worst of any hotel.  We were trying to get adjoining rooms rooms with another  family member who also had a reservation. He said that we could wait for one to open and he could text us. He also mentioned that there were currently 2 adjoining rooms on the 4th floor but if we wanted a higher up room, we should wait. No problem  - we'll wait.  Almost 3 1/2 hours later at approximately 3:45pm we were texted that our rooms were ready.  Turns out the only proximity of our rooms was that they were on the 20th floor.  Both rooms were on different wings at the furthest end of each wing.  I have stayed at the Signature at MGM Grand and felt it was faster to walk to MGM grand from the signature than it was from our room at the far wing.  We contacted reservations regarding the problem and they said they didn't have any adjoining rooms.  Sorry.. . 2nd issue....power went out on Saturday night for at least 4 hours.  We contacted guest services and waited on hold for about 10 minutes...likely due to other guests calling to report the problem.  We were told that they were working on it but didn't know when it would be fixed.  Guest services should have followed up with each person who complained or reported a problem and offered some sort of compensation for having to brush their teeth in complete darkness and not being able to shower.  Also, that day it was close to 90 degrees so sleeping with no A/C is unacceptable in a AAA 5 diamond hotel. We weren't asked if there were any problems at check out. I decided it didn't matter as I wouldn't be returning anyway.. . Only reason this wasn't a 1 star review was that the hotel is clean and the casino is decent.  We didn't like the vanilla smell at all.  It was way overpowering as others have mentioned. Come to think of it this should have been a 1 1/2 star review.
I had some expectations for this hotel since it was the newest and the hippest on the strip, it was certainly very modern and flashy compared to one of my favs (wynn). Upon arriving for check-in, there was no line or any sense of direction at the counters for checking in, it was like a first come first serve thing. The customer serivce was quite rude as if she didn't even wanna help us. We had some bad experience from phone reservations already for this place so I'm guessing in-person customer service is as bad. The food was ok, a bit over priced? I decided to just have a yogurt parfeit which was like $8 o.0. The last night of my stay the power went off! The power didn't come back on til like 20 min later, its somewhat odd that there is power outage in such a new hotel.
Staying here for my friend's 30th birthday party turned out to be a bitter/sweet experience. The sweet parts were that they have cool technology, an all-in-one touch screen remote for everything in the room (including blinds and TV), a modern and classy look. But, don't try moving any items, including items in the refrigerator as they have a censor underneath it. I did that and placed them back, but they couldn't clear the record when I checked out 2 days later, even after the staff went to my room and confirmed that everything was in place. . . The hotel was fully reserved when I arrived, so we had to wait 30 minutes to check in and check out, plus they didn't greet us warmly, not even a good morning or goodbye or a smile. So, don't expect too much from them. On the day we were about to check out, the cleaning lady knocked on our door at about 10 a.m. to confirm that we were checking out. I can't believe they did that in such a fancy hotel.
Not good at all go to the Wynn buffet instead. . . Save your money
Rooms are modern and beautiful, but nothing you also can't find at the Wynn or Venetian. I might be biased because I paid half the price of this room on Sat night at the Palazzo (which was much better).. . Cell phone service is the worst of any hotel I've stayed at on Strip.. . Staff are nice and friendly, and say hi to you in halls. . . Beware when checking in-- metal "clams" underneath desk will cut you. Happened to me- drew blood. Response from desk was: "oh, yeah.. It's worse when it happens to kids...." um, thanks.. . Pool is subpar (again compared to venetian/ palazzo/ mandalay). Food options are subpar. Spa "pool" available to customers does not have sun. Gym is ++. As is the Irish pub. . . Hotel and casino both under-delivered and under-whelmed to my expectations.
We just got back to Seattle from our four day stay in Vegas for my birthday. The Aria, while pretty, definitely deserves a 'meh' rating based on what we experienced during our stay.. . To start, we arrived around 12:30 with two of our friends and my father. Check in went quickly and smoothly for them. However, they did not have a room ready for us. We had paid extra for the 'deluxe city view' room and they simply did not have any clean yet. They told us that it could take up to three hours to have a room ready and that they'd call our cell phone when one was. So, we went and had lunch and beer at Todd English while waiting. Three o'clock comes around and we go back to the desk to ask if any rooms are ready yet as we have not received a call. We're told that none are ready and it could take an ADDITIONAL two to three hours before one is. At this point I was developing a terrible migraine and just wanted to lay down. The guy at the desk magically finds a room but explains that it's a 'wedge room'. He says that this means that the windows are just a little bit smaller then in the normal rooms but everything else is the same. Seems fine except that when we get up to the room we discover that just a 'little bit smaller' means that the windows are only about two feet wide. Also, the privacy button on the door was stuck on the 'privacy' setting (meaning that until it was fixed the room wouldn't get serviced). At that point I didn't even care and just needed a nap.. . They definitely get a star for the beds and the rooms in general. The beds are the most comfortable I've EVER slept on. Even the pillows are great. I enjoy being able to control everything remotely and the bathrooms are very nice.. . Later that night we stopped at the desk and asked if it would be possible for us to get the room style that we had booked (and paid for) the next day. They assured us that it was no problem and that they'd call us the next day between 6am and noon to let us know when the room was ready. Of course we never received a call so we had to stop at the desk AGAIN on our way out to explore the strip. We were told that they'd call our cell phone to let us know when it was ready and that if we didn't take the new room between 8 and 9 we'd lose it. During this time we had brunch at the Cafe Vettro. We were seated immediately but the service was TERRIBLE. Our waiter would walk by us and look right through us when we said his name and waved. The food itself was fairly bland. We also frequented the Moderna bar and had almost the same problem. The waitresses were EXTREMELY unfriendly and you practically had to tackle one to get her attention. . . Fast forward to 6pm and the hotel STILL hadn't called us to tell us that our new room was ready. My husband called them to see what was up and was on the phone for over a half hour trying to work it out. He had to fight with them to get them to hold the room till 11 since they hadn't called us earlier. At least when we FINALLY got the right room it was wonderful and everything was working.. . My husband's parents experienced a similar situation. They didn't even HAVE the room that they booked. The manager at the desk informed them that it didn't MATTER if they had paid for an upgraded room because nothing was guaranteed. Even when they finally did get a room almost none of the lights or electronics worked. Eventually they got the room they wanted but it took a lot of complaining to various levels of management.. . All in all the Aria is a very pretty and fun hotel. However, their customer service is absolute crap. Good luck finding an employee that will even smile at you. They just want your money and could care less about you as a person. We'll definitely not be coming back.
A beautiful modern hotel, marred by unjustifiably poor customer service. . . The rooms are great: incredibly comfortable beds, modern marble bathrooms, and electronic automation for everything. The corner suite was simply breathtaking. However, of the four rooms our party rented, every single one had something minor wrong with it - eg. one room had the 'privacy' light stuck on, preventing any cleaning service (which they never did fix, despite multiple requests), another with a safe that 'glitched' stuck with wallets inside, and every room we saw had at least some lights burned out. . . "City View" doesn't mean much with giant condo skyscrapers in front of your hotel. Even the best views in the place, you'll be lucky to see a little glow from the MGM or Monte Carlo. . . What really turned us off this place was the abysmal customer service, particularly from the front desk. Being put on a "waiting list" for a reserved room was a new and unpleasant experience - doubly so at check-in time on a Tuesday (wow, I'd hate to arrive Friday night!). Even worse was the subsequent downgrade for a night. The next day they promised to fix it, but again, we "had to wait", and they promised call us. Well they never did call us; I had to call them twelve hours later (an arduous process in itself given their equipment dropped more calls than it completed), and only then did they even *begin* to process the request.. . Similar experience at the restaurants and bars - you'd get the occasional charming waitress, but most times, you'll be waiting 30 minutes or more before your existence is acknowledged.
Nothing special...probably the worst 5-star I've stayed at, and I usually stay at 5-stars. We stayed in Aria and Palazzo on this trip, so maybe I'm slightly biased because we had a much better experience at Palazzo.. . First, there were lines for -everything-...call me spoiled, but when I'm paying for a five-star hotel, I don't expect to have to wait in an airport-style 20-minute line to check in. The same applied for check-out, but it was even longer. Yes, you can do express checkout, but I've had bad experiences being charged for minibar stuff that I didn't actually eat/use, so I wanted to view my bill/summary before checking out. Had to wait at least half an hour to check out, and sure enough, there was a charge for chocolate poker chips (or something like that) that we hadn't eaten.. . Second, two of the lights in the room were burnt out. Not a huge deal...called it in and someone came to fix it a few hours later. Still, I think I'm allowed to be picky when I'm paying for a five-star hotel.. . The glasses on the table weren't the cleanest (I cleaned them before using them). A card they had on the nightstand (it explained that they won't change your towels unless you request it - wtf?) had writing on the back of it from the previous occupant. Not huge deal-breaker-type things, but not things I'd expect of a five-star hotel.. . Third, the room was fairly small. It was nice (more on that in a minute), but our view was pretty ugly during the day (a little better at night), and it felt more like a room I'd get in a three-star hotel.. . We went to HAZE nightclub, which I'm posting a separate review about. Suffice it to say, also negative.. . Now, the good stuff: everything is in a very "modern" style, which I'm a big fan of. They have some cool technology (an iPad-type thing that controls everything in the room from temperature to lighting to music), but it's kind of hit-or-miss in whether it works how you'd like it to, and it's pretty laggy (takes like 3-4 seconds to just scroll through to the next available option).. . We had to walk through Cosmopolitan several times to get to where we were going on the Strip and it's about a million times nicer than Aria. It's like $50 or $60 a night more expensive for the basic room (and granted we haven't seen the rooms), but next time we'll -definitely- be staying there instead. It's gorgeous inside and they seem to pull the five-star-hotel thing off way better than Aria does.
Terrible first stay here. And we've been here no longer than two hours.. . The first room we had, 15270, was dirty unbeknownst to us. Had housekeeping not come to our room, we would never have known. Could have fooled us though, it gave us a great illusion that it was perfectly clean until we paid attention to the details. Apparently the room was marked dirty in their records so they sent someone to double check. We sent them away thinking it was a mistake but I'm kind of a nut about these things when it concerns lodging so we all looked around. There was hair all over the mattress and some smudge debris on a few of the pillow cases. I even took pictures of it. One strand on a pillow looked like it was pubic hair. NOT cool. Onto the restroom, not pretty. There was what looked to be like dry urine on the floor in front of the toilet. Yuck. Lifted the toilet seat and there was brownish/yellowish muck all over it. Disgusting. The soap dishes, stained and obviously not cleaned prior. My mom decided to give the front desk a call but even the phone was not working... She had to call from her cell phone. A total mess.. . Off we went, to room 18109. First thing we did was check the room's hygiene, didn't even bother to get comfortable this time. Similar shit. A soiled towel behind the door, dried make up (lipstick?) on the bathroom counter, and urine sprayed all over the toilet seat, which my boyfriend spotted, that housekeeping failed to wipe off. Gave the front desk another ring.. . Finally, here we are, in our third room. The walk here wasn't pleasant as we were all beginning to bitch about the hotel's housekeeping. We were greeted by hotel personnel, Dennis (was extremely nice and accommodating), who walked us in and inspected the room and made sure it met our expectations then comped us $150 for hotel wining/dining for our troubles.. . The all-in-one remote that controls the room, impressive, but it's been done before. Pretty standard for luxury hotels.. . Thank God it was free because of this three days stay offer my mom received. I would have been PISSED if I spent my money on rooms and had gone through this much trouble.. . Anyways, I'm still optimistic about the rest of our stay. Let's hope it's pleasant from here on.
I have to say that I expected a lot more for a 5 star in Vegas.  The others on the strip put this place to shame.  The steakhouse was great, but that was about it.  Their 24 hour cafe was a huge disappointment with only premade meals that they heat up.  Even with my discounted VIP rate, I will probably stay elsewhere.
My husband and I stayed here during the Memorial Day weekend.  Overall, the hotel is very nice--rooms are well appointed, nice big shower with a bench, dark wood cabinetry, plenty of space to hang and store your clothes.  Also a cool thing in the room was digital, from opening the curtains to turning on the AC to turning off the bathroom lights, even turning on the light for housekeeping!. . The room is small and so is the bathroom.  It's nice there is a separate area for the toilet, but it's separated by frosted glass, which by the way, you can still see through.  It was a good thing it was just me and the hubby.  I would not recommend this room for a group of people.. . However, this hotel (like all the other hotels in City Center) is very far from the other casinos like Caesar's Palace or Venetian.  Even if you want to walk to Planet Hollywood, you would have to walk out of the hotel, down the stairs, then upstairs again, then downstairs again.. . Another downside to this hotel was that on our 2nd night staying there, housekeeping never made up the room.  We left the room around 11 a.m. on the 2nd day we were there, came back around 3 p.m. and found the room was not made (even though the light for housekeeping was on the whole time).  I figured, it's only 3 p.m., and we're leaving in a couple of minutes so no big deal--our room will get serviced later when we get back.  Around 7 when we returned, still nothing.  I finally had to call the front desk and let them know.  They immediately asked if I had the service light on, and I said yes, "All Day."  She said she would let housekeeping know right away.  My room was eventually serviced, but you would never expect something like this at the other hotels (like Palazzo or Bellagio).. . Overall, it's nice to stay at the new hotels but there are nicer hotels with better service on the strip.
Look wonderful but needs better customer service.  This place is all about nickel and diming you!  For example if you get a room @ $80 a night, they have a mandatory $20 resort fee, and if you request 2 beds (free at most places) they charge $30.  So your advertised $80 room is now $130.  BS!  If you want the best in Vegas go to the Wynn.
We have stayed at Aria three (3) times. Our favorite property in LV used to be Bellagio, then Aria was fast becoming the chosen one. But Aria screwed it up. Why? Poor service and very un-empowered staff. . . THE GOOD: new property, eco features, nice and comfortable rooms, interesting design, good air.. . THE BAD: Aria's marketing solicited us to come and offered 2 for 1 Elvis show. So we came but the show was cancelled due to crew's vacation (??). We got pretty ticked off and asked Aria's staff to give us some simple comps. Instead, they said we should go around and look for another show at another property (Aria has only the Elvis show, which went black for a couple of weeks). . . As a part of our package, we also got some free play. Machines were not accepting it or showing used up credit, where in fact it was not used. Staff admitted computer problems, but didn't do anything to make us happy.. . We called the managers - no help. They were repeating the same thing like little parrots. We travel a lot and I have NEVER seen such un-empowered staff. They have zero (0) authority to make any decisions to make the guests happy. Sad and disappointing.. . The property has nice and modern design but its functionality is questionable. Examples: Bathroom sinks splash water. Barely any place to hang the towel. Bathroom's sliding door is too heavy and difficult to close without noise. . . Your room can be far, far away from the centrally located elevators (which are fast and quiet). All these casino/hotel open areas feel more like a modern railway station in Europe or Asia than a casino. The place feels cold (not cool) and empty. It is completely different feel and touch than Bellagio or Wynn, which have warm colors and very artistic design.. . However, all these  design/functionality issues  would have been forgiven, if Aria had an excellent or at least decent service, but it doesn't.  We liked Aria but they blew it. We won't stay there again.
The GOOD: Beautiful newer building that does not small like smoke as most casinos over 5 years do. Nice lobby, atmosphere. Feels more like a luxury hotel than a casino. Great rooms with high end fixtures and gizmos. Very nice pool area. Large enough that it was not a problem finding lounge chairs for the family. Great fitness facility. Very nice equipment and nice layout.The Spa looked nice although I had no services this time. I upgraded from a standard room to a suite at check-in. Glad I did as the suites were great. The suites also offer an area with free bottled water, sodas, coffee, light breakfast, fruit, muffins, afternoon wine, etc. This area can actually save you about $50.00 /day + if you have kids.. . The BAD: Too far off the stirp for my liking. Takes 20 min to get from the hotel to the actual strip and then further to get to the Forum Shops, etc. Easiest method was to go through the Bellagio entrance, not easy. The attached mall is all ultra high-end. The best shops but as a reult, was absolutely dead on a Friday and Saturday. Must be a reflection of the current economy. Dining options were a little too high end for my liking as well. The buffet did look fabulous however but I had no time to try it out. Casino had high limits and very little play. Often say empty tables with dealers waiting for customers. Advice - have a few $5- to $10- minimum tables and  you will have aq full casino. $25- minimum tables empty never made sense to me.. . The UGLY: I realized on my drive to L.A. that I left some items in a bedroom dresser drawer. Several shirts, shorts, etc. No big loss, probably $200- total. My fault completely. I called the Aria to ask if housekeeping had turned this in so I could arrange to pick it up. Hotel rep said they would check and call me. No return call from the Aria. I called again the next day to see if anyone had found my clothes. Again, they said they would check with housekeeping and/or lost and found and call me back, felt a bit of an attitude or imposition on their part.. Again.......no return call at all. I found this suprising. So, next day, I called one last time and asked to talk with the suites concierge as they would have more clout suposedly. I asked if someone could simply go to the room and look in the drawer to see if the clothes were still there. ( I would think they could have offered this quick service for me but I actually had to ask ). They said they would see what they could do and would definitely call me either way. Well, you guessed it..... no call back at all. No email, nothing. Not that at that point I really expected anything. This leaves a bad taste in my mouth.. . For what it is worth, I only deducted 1 star because of the lack of service on the last issue alone. They still have some customer service issues to work out it seems but overall, this is a very nice high end casino/hotel in Las Vegas.. . I however, will stay in the Mirage, Ceasars, Venetian, Bellagio, etc. next time I come to town as I prefer the closer proximity to the strip.
This place is beautiful.  I love the location and the places around it.  The hotel is huge too.  I think we had a room that was in the direct middle of the hotel, so we walked and walked and walked from the elevators to the room.  Since it's one of the newest hotels, it's definitely has a modern and elegant feeling to it.. . I hate the casino itself though.  You have to be on serious baller status to get comped here.  I spent a few G's my first night alone and all I got was $8 in comps.  Terrible.  Just terrible.  I know I'm not a high roller, but at least give me a free buffet.  I could have bought 200 buffets with the money I dropped.  Try to make me feel important so I'd want to come back you jerks.
Do not visit the GOLD LOUNGE for OPEN BaR!!!!! What false advertising, cheap drinks come with a $50.00 door fee! Ridiculous, NOT TO mention the most unpolite doorman ever!!!!! . Beautiful hotel that needs to pay more attention to the customer service areas!!!! . Will only recommend this hotel as a site seeing spot- not a hotel to stay..... Boo on bad customer service!!!!
So I Recently Stayed At The Aria For 5 Days While Attending A Conference There, and I Had HIGH Hopes...and Was Totally Looking Forward To Some Well Deserved Luxury!!  I Wanted To Kill The Uber-Technology In The Room!!  Everything Seemed To Be Touch Screen Off This Super Cool Hugh Hefner Remote...Which Sadly Did Not Work......So Turning The Lights, TV, AC and Curtains Was Kind Of A Pain.  B/C We Never Knew If The Bedside Remote Was Gonna Work...Or If The TV Was Gonna (Neither Was Reliable)!  But By The End Of Our Stay There...I Just Had To Laugh It Off!  If You Wanted To Turn The TV Off...Everything Turned Off...Lights Curtains, A/C.....If You Opened The Curtains, The Bathroom Lights Turned On.....The Bathroom Lock Didn't Work...But That Was Not Really A Big Deal.  The Thing That Made It OK...Was That On Our Last Day There...There Was A Huge Sign In The Elevator Bank, Which Said That The 11th Floor Was Gonna Be Closed For Maintenance......Clearly They Needed It!!!  . . Hmmm...Should I Keep Going...OK...I Literally Could Not Use My Phone Anywhere In The Aria...Nor Could I Go On The Internet, Yet, I Paid A $20 A Day Resort Fee For These Services? Odd.  . . The Curtains Didn't Really BLACK OUT....The Kind Of Dimmed Out...Which Is Kinda Lame.  . . That's The Bad....Some Of It Ended Up Funny...The Good ...The Service Was Pretty Ok....Although, There Was A HUGE Pile Of Puke In The Entry When We Checked In, And It Took Like An Hour... The Coffee Rocked My World.....It Smelled Like Freesia and Baking Cookies Every Time You Enter The Lobby......And Lets Just Face It, City Center Is Just Plain Gorgeous.  Other Then Our Mechanical Problems, The Room Rocked My World.....LARGE....SPACIOUS....Amazing Bathroom and Shower.....Bed Was SOOOO Comfy ( I Was Actually Bummed To Come Home To My European Pillow Top Bed). . I Would Recommend Staying There.....But Really If Your Remote Doesn't Work......Call Someone...Don't Do What I Did...and Make Your Bestie Brush His Teeth In The Dark, B/C You Turned The TV Off!!!
I stayed at the Aria last week for 3 nights, four days.  The hotel is pretty cosmopolitan, sleek looking.  Our flight got in very late at night.  We checked in with no problem, but once in our room, there were no electrical outlets bedside and I use a machine to help me breathe at night.  When we called the front desk, they said they would come right up with an extension cord.  Well, that was 45 minutes later and by now it was 3am and we were very tired.  Finally, the service person came in but the extension cord was too short and hung 3 feet in the air next to the bed.  He apologized and said he would get a longer cord in the morning.  Ok, so if I got up in the middle of the night, I could easily have fallen on the extension cord and hurt myself, but they didn't seem to care about that.  Oh, and when I told the front desk, she said I should have "asked in advance for an extension cord."  Really?  Even a Motel 6 has an electrical outlet next to the bed!  Then, the light was out in the shower.  We called about that and they did have it fixed by the evening.  Honestly, the people working there were pretty cold.  Everything in this room is on a computer, so if you are not a techo-savvy person, don't stay here.  What was REALLY frustrating is after eating out one evening, we had a doggy bag and moved around some cans and snacks to make room in the mini-frig.  Unfortunately, I when I got home, I had a bill for $94.75 from the mini-frig!  We didn't eat a thing!  Apparently, if you move anything or lift anything at all, it charges the room.  . I won't be staying here again.  I would rather stay at the Monte Carlo or New York, New York where the hotel is user friendly and people friendly.
I haven't stayed at ARIA, but as a local it's never been on my list of properties to staycation at. With all of the hype surrounding City Center when it opened, I guess I expected more out of ARIA, but was absolutely underwhelmed when I visited. It offers nothing new, unique or special and for a property of the MGM Resort Int'l I expected better, but I guess it's easy to get complacent when you already have five diamond award wining properties. . . Things I like about Aria:. - Collection of restaurants-I've only been to American Fish, but they appear to have a nice selection of fine dining restaurants that I'm interested to try out. -Quick access to rest of City Center: housed in City Center is a cool little art gallery called CENTERpiece, definitely worth a look as well as a Chihuly gallery. . . Things I don't like about ARIA:. - Wacky entrances: this place could not be more confusing to access. - Poor parking situation: the garage is tiny and you're better off parking valet. - Haze: if you've been, you know. The place is terrible which seems to be a recurring theme with Light Group restaurants/nightclubs. - Boring, unidentifiable design: Look, it's no secret a lot of money was dumped into the place, the least they could've done was made the inside of the casino identifiable in some way.. -Legionnaire's Disease: oh didn't hear about that one? Go google it. Apparently the property was harboring strains of it. . . Overall, this place might as well be just another off-strip property that cheap locals and bargain-hunting tourists go to. Except it's not. It sits on prime real estate in competition with other luxury properties and is in no way actually in competition with these other properties.
Positive:  Atmosphere is clean and updated.  Quality restaurants.  Bad:  Terrible service at every turn.  From the Liquid pool to the phone operators...people do not care about the guests.  Definitely wouldn't stay there again with all the other great choices.
Its too modern, slightly cold for me and what I love about Vegas.. Its missing character/gimicky/showy over the top that Vegas should exude. Room was gorgeous though. Very open feel to the casino. I liked the pool here better than the Encore
Nice and pretty hotel and casino.. . We didn't stay here, but we visited the casino. It was nice, airy, and smells wonderful. However, the security guard at the front entrance was a jerk. It wasn't a busy night, he stood right at the entrance, we were kinda lost. We asked how to get back to Las Vegas strip without circling around the building and his answered was "GO OUTSIDE AND WALK ON THE SIDEWALK." Yeah...thanks, Aria. For future trips, I will spend my money elsewhere.
I mean, the decor is pretty, but I can't help but think that it will be sadly out of date in about 5 years. . . Our time on the floor at the Aria was a waste. There was nothing going on and service was non-existant. As our friend who lives in Las Vegas said: What the hell are you doing gambling at the Aria? . . Next!
We stayed at the Aria for a long weekend.  . The rooms are clean and all the electronics are remote controlled...not awesome when someone in the bedroom turns the lights off on you while you are in the bathroom :). On one night of our stay there was practically an episode of COPS being filmed on our floor outside of our room.  We were unable to get to our room at 1am because of this drunk guy's shenanigans.  The hotel security asked that we remove ourselves from the hallway and we did.. I was tired and wanted to sleep.  I went to the front desk to see if anything could be done for our troubles.  They said they would let a manager know so I assumed we would hear something the next day.. I was never contacted by a manager.  I went back to the front desk around 6pm the following day.  I was offered a free buffet (which was included when we booked our rooms).  They then said they could waive the resort fee for the night ($20).  By this point I was a little annoyed.  I was finally able to speak with a manager who offered us $75 in food and beverages.  . I am not one to complain but I paid good money to stay at this hotel and I wanted to go to sleep.  I understood why they asked us to leave and had no problem doing do....they had to regain control of the situation.. If a manager would have contacted me, I would have let it go.  I didn't want anything to begin with...I was tired and getting cranky.
The hotel is not that pretty as Wynn , room is not that big enough too. There is no coffee machine in hotel room. Front desk is really hard to reach in the morning. Even it provides a lot electronics interface to use its "monitor" (it is not a tv), we have to bug VGA cable. I really do not want to buy a cable just for one day stay here. And they charge 20$ as must when we check in, which is waived in other hotels. Btw glasses in room are dirty. I have to wash it by myself.
The Good- It is a new, clean, and attractive resort.  Very nice rooms with state of the art technology and services.  Location is also great as it is right in the center of the action of the LV Strip.. . The Bad- Terrible food and restaurants.  Expensive compared to other new casinos/resorts that are in the same category.  Customer service is poor, they do not listen to you at all.  No reason to stay here when other 4/5 star hotels like The Cosmo, Bellagio, Palazzo, Venetian, Wynn, and Encore are much better overall.
First and last time staying at Aria.. . Pro:. - cool electronic control system. . Cons:. - sometimes the control to turn light on-off doesn't work well. - horrible heater system.  I set the temperature to 72 and fan to low (for 2 days and night) and the temperature in the room cannot heat up past 68.  However, once I shut down the climate control system totaly, then the room temperature went up to 72.  In other words, turning on the heater actually cool down the room.. - room felt dark and gloomy with the color scheme and lights (depressing). - vanity in bathroom is smaller compared to venetian or belagio (wife complained doesn't have enough space for her make up etc)
We got a great deal on hotels dot com to stay in a deluxe room.  Walked up to the room but called the front desk after 2 minutes to see if they can offer anything better.  The next bigger sized room was a corner suite.  So we paid a lot more for the upgrade.  Why the upgrade?. . The king deluxe room was small.  Their shower is in the same space as the tub.  Not a lot of walking room around the bed.  You can find all-suites hotels on the strip for a little bit more than what Aria charges for their deluxe rooms.. . Also the rooms are dark.  The brown on brown with brown hallways do not work.  The wood paneling in the halls are beaten up.
Definitely a failure. Premium pricing and Motel 6 service. The place is nice enough inside. The rooms are clean and modern. The towels were HORRIBLE motel six scratchy (VERY) and thin. Where Bellagio and other premium hotels have ice waiting for you, Aria is "self service". . . The service is abysmal. The card key did not work. It took the floor manager (who we happened to see while trying to get into our room) 20 minutes to get approval to let us in with his pass key. Then because we were running late we called down and asked for the key to be sent up. It took 5 minutes for them to answer the phone, then the actually ASKED US TO COME DOWN AND GET THE KEY. First class my x$%&-! As a matter of fact, EVERY call took forever to get answered (room service, housekeeping, and front desk). . We've stayed at many similarly priced hotels in Vegas. Bellagio, Venetian, and TI are better. Go there.
Nice looking hotel but terrible customer service. We booked a city view room during the holidays but go a room with a  view of the valet area and the casino roof. The strobe lights from the fountain outside lit up the room every 30 seconds and was quite annoying. The hotel front desk  refused to offer us a solution when asked. Also the vanity mirror in the room was broken. It was fixed  after contacting front desk.  We were placed on hold for quite while before being able to talk to anyone. Will not be staying her again. the headache is not worth it.
review for casino floor ONLY.  dark dark dark.  i remember reading when it opened, how light and bright it was inside the casino floor.  NO it's not.  very dark throughout.  again, oddly shaped -- just one long corridor with slots and tables.  more dark than Red Rock...and Red Rock is pretty dark inside.  spacing just seems off and thrown together.  i don't know.
Aria is definitely one of the nicest casinos on the strip interior design wise, but looks can be deceiving! Since it is built to be modern and mostly run technologically it has A LOT of small ticks that occur from time to time, example remote control blinds often don't respond and since the remote controls virtually everything in your room, if it fails you're in a pickle! . . I stayed here when the hotel first opened and during that time it had a SEVERE amount of technical problems so I never dared to venture back stay in theirsuites again. I do like the shopping area and the table games area but aside from that I personally would not recommend investing your money unless you're willing to take a risk.
I was at the pool. It's windy as hell. Something flew in my eye. Stung really bad, still in my eye.  I asked the life guard for help because I was in pain. She just said you'll be fine and brushed it off. I asked for emt. But she did not do anything.  I was very upset.  No help, no service, nothing.
I stayed here with a group of around 10 in a Corner King Suite.. . You'd expect a big suite there to have everything perfect right? NOPE! All the batteries from our remotes were missing, we had no speaker system to hook up our phones into, and the hotel service was extremely slow in responding to our issues despite our multiple reminders.. . The upside is that its a nice modern hotel and its in the center of the vegas strip, so you can easily walk anywhere you want on the strip or if you taxi it won't cost too much. If only Haze was a nightclub worth hitting up while staying there though..
Kind of a hassle. Stayed here for my buddy's bachelor party and when we checked in we got a single king bed instead of a double bed room which is what we really wanted. . . It's a beautiful place to look at and the tech in the room is cool.
Stayed here in the past, the rooms are okay, pretty cool features that make the room seem state of the art, i did miss that stuff when i stayed at the other hotels in vegas. but the hotel itself is very bland, nothing exciting going on, nothing special to eat or visit or do.. and it's KINDA off the strip, for it's price I would have expected something better..I think i can only justify it's higher prices for now because it's new.
As a caveat, I'm only writing about my experience checking in. . . Reserved a king size non smoking room for my birthday weekend and when I arrived they told me they were all out. Instead, the jerk at the front desk (Brian Clark) tried to put me in a 3rd floor room with two queen beds. How romantic. Mind you, I've had this reservation for more than a month. . . When I asked for a supervisor he called one on the phone, and she said she was too busy to come out and talk to me. . . Not much for a first impression. This may be a nice hotel but they obviously don't care much about the guest experience. I would never stay here again.
Very stylish place, but too bad their customer service can't keep up with their decor.  When I reserved my room,   I specifically asked for a room above the 25th floor.  They were very nice to me and they told me that I'd be taken cared of.  When I checked in, they were rude to me and they told me that only the 12th floor was available.    When I went to my room, the first thing I noticed was it smelled like weed.  Then I sat on the bed and couldn't help but notice that the comforter had someone else's hairs on it.  The furniture was dirty and I quickly found that you can't even use the fridge in the room because it's full of snacks that are charged to you after 30 secs of being picked up.  The place looks nice and upscale, but the service doesn't match.  I'm going somewhere else next time.
I wanted to love this place... . . Alas, the reality of being in a thousand room hotel still working out its kinks sets in.. . Pros:. Beautiful lobby. Friendly staff. Buffet is outstanding (seriously, AND its not in a casino basement. This is near the pool with giant floor to ceiling windows!). Bedsheets are so incredibly soft. Bed is very comfortable. Big flat screen tv (expected). Nice bathroom. Great fitness center. 3 pools, easy to find a chair. "Free" wi-fi as part of the $29 daily resort fee. . Cons:. THE BLACKOUT SHADES DO NOT WORK!!!. I REPEAT--. THE BLACKOUT SHADES DO NOT WORK!!. It wasn't just my room. Everyone was complaining that the gap in the curtains where the L shape comes to an end was wide open and the sunlight goes directly onto the head of the bed! Nice 7am wakeup call both days after being out most of the night.. There was a bag of pills-- yes PILLS-- in my bathroom upon arrival, left from a previous guest. Some of you may have enjoyed that extra amenity but I did not enjoy the discovery.. My room was full of crumbs and coffee / drink stains on the flat surfaces (bed stand, desk, area between the closets). Do much cleaning?. There was black mold in the shower. For a hotel only a few years old, that says a lot about their housekeeping standards. Ever use a scrubbrush in there? Guess not.. Smoky casino. I expected the air to be more filtered in there, being a new hotel, but it was more smoky than Caesar's or Bellagio.. The "home" remote control touchscreen that controlled the electronics in the room didn't work. Very frustrating.. . Would I go back, probably not. I have had better stays at Four Seasons, Venetian, Pallazzo, etc. There are simply more than enough hotels to choose from that have better housekeeping and full blackout shades.
horrible horrible horrible. first thing, the WORST HOSPITALITY. staff is very unfriendly, unprofessional, and show a lack of care. secondly very unorganized. I arrived during EDC weekend early only to find out the hotel doesnt allow early check in. fine. so i wait around for my check in time (3pm) when check in time rolls around, i come back to the desk only to see a line almost out the door! The system is down they say and nobody can check in until 5. Great, i had plans for 6 pm. The staff was absolutley rude and didnt even bother to acknowledge any questions or conerns. Too bad this is just the start.
Usually our stays at Aria have been most enjoyable,  but this time changed my views  of Aria completly. Not only did we wait in line for 3 hours to check in but then they didnt even have the room we had already paid for. They downgraded our room. And to top things off they refused to credit us the difference. Then we requested a mini fridge be brough to our room. After agreeing to the $25 a day rental fee they then took 40 minutes to bring the fridge after we were promised it would be there in 10.  When the fridge finally showed up we realized an hour later it was not even working. We then called and requested another one be brought and switched out as we had perishable foods that needed to be refridgerated  immediatly. When we left an hour later the fridge had still not been brought. Now we have to pay another cab ride to repurchase the groceries.
This is supposed to be a AAA 5 Diamond resort. I received no baggage service, and a room that still had all of the trash from the previous guest. Multiple light bulbs were burnt out, dust and the short and curly hairs everywhere! . Add insult to injury they stack on a $25 a day bait and switch charge for wifi and phone with a dial tone. What's next, a pay toilet?. At their SkyBox bar their waitress call my companion a slob for sharing two pitchers of beer while gambling at their sports book.. Their director of food and beverage, Rob Bigelow had words for the server that aren't for this forum, and the meal was comped. Yet the damage was done, as the experience was ruined.. On the casino floor, you're lucky to get drink service once an hour, even when you tip a green chip out of the gate ($25). Approximately half of the table employees were more interested in gripping about personal problems or how happy they'll be when they are "of my shift in 45 minutes". . I play craps and The Aria pit bosses use all the old tricks when they realize that you're a shooter: they switch out the dice for 5 light weight ones, bring in a cooler to bark in your ear, force you to roll the way they set the dice or forfeit your wagers and turn!. If you want a REAL 5 star hotel and casino, you know which one's they are... This isn't one of them, not even close!
Et tu, Aria?. . Seems like this hotel has joined the long list of other resorts that have thrown away customer service, simple common sense AND appreciation for their paying customers customers. I was there for EDC Weekend (June 8-11) and, I have to agree with my fellow yelpers there, that the check-in fiasco has left a bitter taste even a week after the trip. The first thing you expect to do when arriving at your vacation destination is check-in, drop off your luggage, and relax! All of this could not be done because our arrival was met with a 2.5 hour long line of disgruntled travelers standing static and clueless to a computer system failure. I understand that technical issues happen and they can be beyond the control of any employees. But I ask, where was the foresight in attempting a massive computer system overhaul prior to one of the busiest weekend of the season?? Being an EDC sponsored hotel with and incoming of +300,000 guests to Vegas, a Manny Pacquiao Fight, Stanley Cup Finals, and NBA Playoffs? Aria did little, and by little I mean nothing, to compensate for the wait, computer meltdown, and inconvenience other than putting out some stanchions  to make it feel like a ride and handing out bottles of water. We aren't thirsty we are tired from a 4 hour drive or a plane trip. We got things to do and nowhere on a person's weekend plans should it include standing in line for hours with little information on the status of the situation.. . We were 10 minutes away from booking a room at the Paris down the way that boasted no lines and a rapidcheck-in as we were on a tight schedule when FINALLY they opened the check-in counters and started the process. We were near the front luckily and got through surprisingly fast from that point on. I'll give the hotel that, their staff handled it like an all-hands-on-deck black friday sale. By the end of the trip our promises of compensation seemed to be unfamiliar to the front desk upon check out. After ten minutes back and forth we got the resort fees removed from our room and oddly enough our total still came out higher than what we allegedly booked for through ARIA and EDC's "Great Deal". At the end of the day this was Aria's second chance to impress me. It was my return visit there. And even the first time, on a friday night, mid January, with no line at all, it took us a 45 minutes to check-in after the front desk couldn't find our reservation.... . This hotel looks great, something straight out of the future and it's a real testament to modern architecture. It's luxurious to the pinnacle of definition all the way down to the perfume adorned air to the auto curtains that slide open upon entering your room. But aside from all the aesthetic oooh's and aaah's this place soils itself when it comes down to the brass tax and the fundamental functions of any good business, that is of course, customer service. For the amount of money you spend here, it would behoove you to spend it at some place just as nice and with service that far surpasses this place. Cosmo, Venitian, or Encore are fine choices.
- stayed in standard room june 30 to july 2 (2 nights).. $400 with $110 resort credit.. offer from facebook. - room is nice but the little things irked me. - headboard was dusty. - the snacks u can't touch were also dusty.. wonder how long they've been there. - i kept forgetting and stepping onto a wet spot on the carpet in front off the bed. - there is this weird redish tint on the tile floor and in the shower/tub. it made me think i was on my period, but i wasnt.. - glass door to toilet doesn't close right. - towel is so hard it hurts :(. - gadgets were cool but the ac was pissing me off.. i want 70F not 79.. why does it keep doing that... - the bathroom vent sucks... - left faucet had low running water.. coukd only use the right which didnt shoot out in one stream but two.. ugh.. - one of the lights when u enter flickers when turned on. . aria, maintenance needed in room 12111!
I give the Aria 2 stars.  The relative newness and cleanliness is a plus, but it seemed kind of in the middle between the Four Seasons (classic and nice) and one of the big theme hotels on the strip (NY or Paris or whatever).  They have a gambling floor but it doesn't seem as big as some of the other hotels.  The Aria is connected to the Cosmopolitan and City Center which is nice, but the City Center shopping is kind of over the top.  Aria has a clean modern feel which I normally would like but for some reason it just didn't come together for me.  I think I like the MGM or the Four Seasons better for a non over the top theme place or maybe the Venetian for an over the top theme place.
Really not impressed.  . . The first time I visited, it was when City Centre just opened.  There were few people gambling, and the cavernous space made it look totally gloomy, and not even a bit auspicious. . . The second time, we stayed at the Mandarin Oriental, so, Aria became the home away from home, being one of the few walking distance casinos.  Still, wasn't impressed, although it was more crowded so didn't feel so gloomy.. . The third time, girlfriends wanted to stay here.  We had heard really good things about the hotel, so, why not.  Turns out the whole weekend people told us we overpaid for a hotel that quality.  Also, the controls for the curtains and lights were just not intuitive.  Every time I looked at the clock the tv would turn on (to try to wake us with soothing sounds)... ARGH!  . . And, to add to that, although I didn't have to deal with it, both check in and check out were extremely slow.  We were super late to brunch because of the checking out too.
This hotel has stunning facilities, and nearly brain dead employees.  The technology blows you away, the bed is the most comfortable I have ever slept in, the views from our 52nd floor room were stunning.  . . From the entry to the hotel, to the exit process after checkout, the service level was severely inferior.  Allow me to list a few of the issues encountered over a 2 night stay.. . If you come in via shuttle, no one greets you and takes you to your room.  Most hotels of this caliber INSIST a bellman show you to your room.  Not here, you are given a map and are on your own.  Thus, forced learning about the high level of technology on your own.  Daunting at first but eventually you get it.  No one in the hotel can intelligently explain it, either.. . Eventually our bags arrived separately, and this guy didn't know anything but how to carry a bag.. . When you arrive at your room, it has the normal key less entry, but it also include a number of electronic indicators for "Privacy" and "Service" on the outside.. . The housekeeping staff thinks the "Service Light" is ONLY to used make the bed in the morning.  That included the manager of housekeeping on the 52nd floor.  We allowed the service light to burn (without response) for 12 hours at a time, to refresh towels and other items used during mid day/evening showers.  We NEVER got them replaced, except during the morning bed making.  It was 114 degrees, so multiple showers daily, were mandatory.  The staff either ignored the light, or . looked at the room, did nothing, and left the light on.. . Upon arrival all the lights didn't work in the room, and it took 2 trips by maintenance to rectify manual switches that over ride the computerized controls.  Apparently not on the housekeeping list.  We also had to call for soap, discovered after the need arose during a midday shower.. . Got charged for a "birthday comp" and probably wouldn't have caught it, if our room charges were more active the second day. BEWARE, the billings are very hard to understand and evaluate.. . The computer system that controls everything  crashed twice, causing the room to be "dead" and uncontrollable for 10 minutes at a time.  No lights, phones, movable drapes, nothing.. . The automated Check Out system also crashes.  We always saw long lines at check out and couldn't understand WHY the systems wasn't being used.  We couldn't check out via telephone, Internet or the in-room TV and tried for 50 minutes, almost missing our shuttle to the airport.  It took the bellman at the pickup point to finally get us checked us out, and I never received a detailed billing via email as promised.. . My wife was literally "run over" by the large gent seating us at the breakfast buffet, because he was too busy texting, while leading others to their table to notice her in his path.  No comment or apology, it was like she didn't exist.. . The food service staff in the buffet doesn't understand the need to clear dishes, glass plates from the table, or refilling fluids like coffee or water.  We finally had to "bus" our own table.. . The cocktail service in the bar is abysmal.  They are more concerned about clearing glasses from empty tables  (and there we a lot of empty tables), and replacing dead candles on them, then getting drinks to new customers.  From the time we sat don't until we received our CORRECTED drink orders was over 20 minutes.  . . I spoke to the beverage manager, and while he was polite, he was nonplussed by our comments.  You don't need to worry about getting drunk, the incredible wait between drinks will eliminate that fear.  We watched other tables and they had the same issues as us.  . . BTW, our own "dead candle" was finally replaced 50 minutes after our entry, during the servers 5th trip to our table, to give us the bill.  I think 2 Crown Royals for $46.08 (without tip) is a bit much.. . This is a wonderful property, marred by incredibly inept management and execution of services.  We've spent most of our travel in high end properties, and frankly if this one is rated 5 diamonds, its more because of the facilities, not the service...  I gave it 2 stars because of the same reason, it deserved only one.
Well, our stay got off to a rocky start - the check-in process was abysmal.  Completely understaffed with unreasonably long wait times.  The staff was pleasant enough though.. . The room was impressive upon entering - spacious and posh.  High point: the bed is amazingly comfortable.  The mechanical sliding curtains are great, but you'd think they could figure out a way to have the curtain open all the way so that 3 feet of your view isn't blocked.  Low points: bedside phone wasn't working.  The lighting is terrible - the "reading" light (it is labeled as such) is so dim as to cause eye strain if you actually try to read by it.  I called housekeeping to request a sleep mask - not offered.  A 5-star hotel can't provide a sleep mask? OK. . . It was impossible to find a convenient outlet in the room - the only ones provided are inconveniently located at the desk. The shower had almost no water pressure.  I wasn't going to mention the crapy shampoo/ conditioner but I just read another reviewers comments on this and I completely agree - my hair felt dirtier after using this stuff.  Room service took 15 minutes to answer the phone, and had an hour wait time.  Yes, I realize Saturday night may be the hotel's busiest night, but they should anticipate this and staff accordingly.  The apple pie I ordered was a joke - instead a a nice slice of pie, they delivered this little individual tarlette thing that  was just disappointing.  We also tried The Buffet restaurant in the hotel.  The food was so globally bad (one of the two lobsters they delivered to the table was completely empty - no meat; we overheard the table next to us call the manager over to complain about the same thing; shrimp underseasoned, lamb was like rubber, fish overcooked, corn drenched in butter, prime rib flavorless) that we didn't even bother to talk to the manager about it.. . Overall, a very disappointing experience.  This is NOT A FIVE STAR HOTEL.
We had such high hopes for the Aria.  It started off badly with a nearly 30 minute wait for the check in. I suppose it's not completely the fault of the Aria, but it certainly colored our experience from the get go. We were suppose to get a hundred dollar dining credit which we didn't get.  So strike two before we ever get into the room. The much talked about welcome to the room where the curtains open didn't happen instead we fumbled around for the light switch for a minute and spent another minute trying to open the curtains, for some reason the "open curtains" button didn't want to work on the first few attempts. . The room is not bad looking. Rather modern looking with floor to ceiling windows and the control panel for the room is kind of cool once you get the handle of it, even though it's not very responsive to touch.. In room is a pressure sensitive minibar making so you  can't use the fridge unless you pay a ridiculous 50 dollar "restocking fee". . The room offers separate shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and body lotion which is nice. The water pressure is not too great but its manageable. I liked the separate bath and shower. The tub is a decent size but not a jacuzzi tub. . We stayed for three nights and only had the room serviced once even though we had the "service" light on from 10 am to 11 pm. So we had no clean towels for our last day. . We had breakfast at Jean Philipe bakery, which was nice, but we were over charged.  This happens and I understand that, but when I asked for the difference back one lady grabbed my ticket and left for 5 minutes, then another lady came back looked at me then left, then 5 minutes later came back with someone who I assume is the manager. Neither one of them looked at me or said a single word to me. After a few minutes of playing with the register they put the difference on the counter and leave. No "sorry for the mistake" "I apologize" or "fuck you".  That really shows me a lack of service at a place revolves around service.. . The moral of the story is that there are other hotels in Vegas that are just as nice and nicer for comparable prices and amenities why would I ever stay here again?
I have to go to Las Vegas for a work convention once a year.  In the past we've stayed at the Venetian, but this year it was at the Aria.  We got to the hotel at 1:30, clerk said our room wasn't ready but to check back at 3pm which was actually check-in time. Went to Todd English's pub and paid $30.00  for a pitcher of some watered-down sangria.  Unless you go at happy hour, expect to pay $9.00 for a budweiser!!  . . Stood back in line at 2:45 until 4:30.  Our room was finally ready. Our view was overlooking a rooftop and the side of the Cosmopolitan, no mountains or strip whatsoever, boo hiss. Ok, can't complain too much since the room was paid for by the company.  . . We called down to have our bags brought up and was on hold for a good 10 min before we got to speak to someone.  Got the bags up quick, and the guy was super nice (we were on the 4th floor). Found out the TV didn't work.  Again called to try and get help was on hold for another 10 min.  They said that a tech could come up to fix it, I asked if we could just switch rooms.  No way, the hotel was OVER booked??  By this time,  we all needed a stiff cocktail.. Also, we had horrible phone reception!! Had to stand in the bathroom to text!! (I have AT&T). . There are so many better properties to choose from in Las Vegas...The Venetian/Palazzo, Caeser's, Paris, The Platinum and even TI!
My dad reserved this place through Priceline. I guess we got what we paid for. If you're looking for a place to stay in Vegas, I suggest staying at one of the more well established hotels. Aria is relatively new with it's doors opening in 2009. Everything about Aria is new. Aria is comparable to a tract home: no character. And you have to walk pretty far to get to the center of the action. I think Aria had poor planning to it with regards to the developers. If I were to return to Vegas, I would not stay here again. Blehh.. . Pro:. - Clean. - Lots of pools. . Cons:. - No character. - Strong, headache inducing, perfume smell throughout the casino floor. - Far from the action
My review is for my time spent specifically in the convention center. It was clean, the staff was very helpful the entire time. I enjoyed the little things like lotion and mouthwash in the bathrooms. My on,y complaint is that it seemed like so many people got sick from the food and different times over the 8 days there. The girl sitting next to me actually cut into a pink piece of chicken one of the days! By the end of my time there all we trusted was the bread. There definitely needs to be some kind of review done of the kitchens back there.
Atmosphere was ok.  Service all around was pretty sad.  Rooms were average.  Overall disappointed in the hotel.
Really, really good looking hotel. Besides that, I would not make this my regular go-to spot in Vegas.. . We were staying in a smoking room and I felt that the attention to detail may have been lacking just because of that factor. The headboard, while pretty, was covered in dust which created a cloud as soon as we hopped into bed. The corners of carpet by the nightstand needed a vacuum.  The glass doors of the toilet enclosure didn't align property so going to the loo was announced with a loud Klang every time. But the bed was comfy and the housecoats were a treat to wear.. . Getting food and drinks in the hotel was pretty pricy, even Skybar which is the burger bar type thing was a little on the high side. DO NOT buy drinks at the pool bar, bring your own from elsewhere as the margaritas we bought were $19 EACH. Ouch. Do not bother with the hotel buffet either. It was certainly not the culinary highlight of the weekend. Most items were odd, soggy, and cold. If I had been hung-over, I would have felt really gross afterwards. . . Lastly, whatever you do, DO NOT MOVE ANYTHING IN THE MINIBAR. They have this ridiculous scammy fee that if you put anything of your own into the minibar, they charge you a $50 fee. I had put in a water bottle before my boyfriend noticed this, and even though everything had been put back, they still tried to charge us for the most expensive item in there, even though nothing had been consumed. We had to do the whole speak to the manager thing when we checked out, and while he did remove the fee, it was time consuming when we just wanted to get out and catch our flight. I got the impression that the whole M.O. was to nickel and dime and sneak in fees. Fine if you like arguing, but I don't and hate the dishonesty of the whole attitude. . . Location wise, it's also kinda tucked away from the strip. Fine if you want to stay exclusively at the hotel and casino, but if you want to get out and explore, it's quite a convoluted walk to get out.
While its price defintely reflects that it doesn't provide the best and brightest that Las Vegas has to offer, it is already starting to show its age and disarray.. . While the room was very spacious, the dated Control 4 system wasnt really working and it took almost 45 minutes to get an engineer to come up and allow for use of the television.  In addition, the bed was kind of misshapen and way too soft (not in a good way).  The one bright side was that they did provide free WiFi!. . All in all, its a mediocre room for a reasonable price.  While I guess that would cut it in most towns, given the service and quantity of better nearby options, I wouldn't return back to Aria next time I am in Las Vegas.
I would have rated my stay at a 5 rating, if for not the one hour wait line during check in and the double billing on my credit card bill, in the amount of $738.  Beware of making a reservation through a discount Dot Com business like Priceline.com, Aria had been paid in advance, through Priceline, but recharged the full prepaid amount on the credit card after my departure.  I had to spend time handling the double billing issue.  :(   Also beware of $25 nightly "resort fee" added onto your bill.  This charge is not stated upon making the reservation through Priceline.
From the 1hr25min check in to the dirty room...would I go back, when hell freezes over.
Very disappointed in Aria.. . - $28 for any non-refundable charge. - Overly engineered room. There are about 30 buttons to control the room. But, I cannot find the only one that matters : the lamp. - The bed is too soft.
My husband and I honeymooned in Vegas and stayed at theAria for four evenings. We were not impressed and won't stay there again. Upon check-in, they couldn't find our reservation and when they did locate what they needed, only had smoking rooms available when we specifically said no smoking. The clerk needed to find out what she could do and brought over a manager which at time this time, both ladies turned their backs to us while "discussing" the rooms. Eventually they sorted out the issue, whatever it was.  One compliment that I will give Aria is that they did upgrade us to the 50th floor with a fabulous view, due to the inconvenience.   . During the rest of our stay, my poor husband kept being called by my last name each time he had to call for service, and on our honeymoon, that is a bummer, especially when this was the first trip as man and wife and I'm taking his name. We corrected them at each opportunity but it was never corrected in their system.  Biggest oops of Aria was no room service after our first evening.  Hubby and I went on a LONG Grand Canyon tour.  We left the hotel at seven in the morning and returned close to ten in the evening and the room was exactly as we left it.  This was the biggest let down of all, in all my years traveling and staying in all types of hotels I have never came back to a "messy" room. . I will give Aria 2 stars due to the beautiful rooms, awesome (roomy) baths and incredible view.  The casino is beautiful, has a sweet aroma which is much different than usal casino smell and the city center is fun.  . I hope that maybe since the Aria is fairly new the customer service will be fine tuned and the little details worked out because it is too pretty a hotel to miss out on, but with the nightly rate, the bar must be raised.
I stayed here for a work thing, and was only in my room to sleep and in the conference center for meetings..  . The conference center was fine - at least they had climate control and internet access.  Not much to say there..  . The room itself... meh.   The hallway to get there was incredibly l...o...n...g...   and had recently had the carpets clean, so the hallway smelled musty.  The room itself was lovely to look at, and had a fancy device to control the curtains, lighting, music, and I think the tv.   The annoying thing though is that it's wired, and has a short wire, so it's like the really old days of having to sit on the edge of the bed to make a land-line call.  That side of the bed was seriously indented from people sitting there and presumably playing with the gadget.  Bleh..  . It's not a bad hotel, it's just too big and overwhelming, and yet lacking in redeeming qualities for my tastes..  . On the upside, certain suites have fancy Japanese toilets, if that's your thing.  (We had an informal meeting in the suite of the person at our office who organized it, and thus she got the perks.).  . Also, the mouthwash is fantastic.  I wasn't a connoisseur of mouthwash before, but this didn't sting like the medicine-y stuff, and didn't taste like it had artificial sweetener, since it had organic spearmint oil.  Sadly, the bottle didn't say who made it for thehotel, so I am not sure how to buy my own.
My girl friend and I stayed at Aria for 5 days over Christmas in a Corner Suite. We have previously stayed at the Bellagio which we would give 5 stars if not for all the transient people visiting and walking through the hotel....for which it deserves a 3.5 though I do respect that the Bellagio cannot exactly restrict traffic through their main lobby to those who are guests and those who have money to burn....but they should...I digress. We chose to stay at the Aria to continue to accumulate MLife points with the hope that it would be less busy.. . Overall review:. . 1) Clean lobby, helpful staff, we requested the $30 fee for early check-in as our flight arrived at 10:30 am. Apparently this was missed but after a quick phone call they found us a room and chose not to charge us the fee, least they could do.. . 2) Hotel is very appealing asthetically, very modern but does not have some of the crowd appeal that the Bellagio has. However, this does lend to lower traffic in the otherwise high traffic areas and fewer stragglers from other hotels visiting for a picture.. . 3) The room was great. Well appointed, great technology, she loved the bath, bath towels, robes, shower, and many ammenities offered within the room such as a separate fridge and seating area, plus the heated toilet seat in the main bathroom.. . 4) Restaurants were decent though I would not consider them top of the shelf. Service was okay, food good, and of course the restaurants themselves were structurally very appealing.. . 5) I think they either did or attempted to clean our room at least 3-4 times a day. If we were out for longer than two hours we always arrived to a clean room with all of the ammenities replaced. When we slept or spent slightly more than 3 hours in the room at a time the comment card on our door made it clear that they intended to clean our room once again however do to its occupancy they could not. Very nice.. . CONS:. . 1) Pillow chocolates....Jean Philippe Patissererie is right next to the main elevators. We bought many of the chocolates and enjoyed a couple crepes on separate occasions. However, unlike the Bellagio the simple pleasure of a chocolate waiting for you on your pillow when you get back to your room was not possible at Aria. Strange...to Aria Management you are a 5 star hotel with a deluxe chocolatier in your main casino and yet you choose not to offer a single chocolate to your guests and in particular to my amazing girlfriend who loves the simple pleasure of a single small chocolate. For Shame,. . With the exception of the single CON I am certain this hotel deserves at least 4.5 and possibly 5 stars. However, the small insigificant details should not be overlooked if one is willing to pay a significant price for said accomodations, and expects 5 star service.. . We will likely attempt a visit at the Cosmopolitan next door in April or June...if details were not important we would risk our lives and stay at the Excalibur.
casino floor was like any other, expensive table games $15 min roulette the bellagio wasn't even high. did not like the slot selection. i wouldn't stay here or gamble here ever again.
Underwhelmed by this hotel. Casino area is nice but hotel rooms were not as clean as I would have preferred. Found other peoples' hair on the bathroom floor when I first checked in. Ventilation was also not great in the bathroom area, perhaps because the giant fans were being used to suck the smoky smells out of the hallways/casino area. I appreciated the high security maintained by the hotel staff--room keys were checked at any entrance to elevators. Learning to use the automated lights, TV and curtains was a bit challenging and I would have liked more outlets near the beds for charging computers/cell phones. Pools were clean and nice (though shallow), but as I visited in the winter, only one was open. Not too crowded though so I couldn't complain. Exercise room was large and busy but clean and buffet breakfast was huge (but only recommended if it's free). Many of the buffet dishes were cold and not super tasty, but the quality of the seafood and meats used were quite high.
I hate focusing on the negative and remembering the low points of the vacation, but the people has the right to know!  So here's what I think of Aria:. . Check in - slow but expected and understandable - 30min. . Room gorgeous - tasteful and modern.  The alarm clock, curtains, lights, TV and music were all controlled by an iPad type device beside the bed.  You are supposively able to check out with this pad as well, but the servies were down while we were there so we couldn't try it out.. . Housekeeping - poor, Upon check in, was hoping to lay down and rest, however there was a big white starchy stain on the comforter, stain was dead center in plain sight.  Disgusted, called Front desk to remove that and left to play a few games.  Came back, bed was remade but the same stain was still there.  Called again and had it redone.  We went to buy a few beers before returning to the room experience. .  . Service - poor, there is no bottle opener in the room, so I called to have one brought up.  Great.  Next day, room service removed the bottle opener, not sure why as I clearly had a few more beers on the counter.  Call for a new one.  20min pass, called back and room service saidno record of one being requested.  10min later the bottle opener arrives.  40 min later, another knock on the door and a second bottle opener is delivered. . In room dining service - poor, I preemptively ordered a fruit platter and chocolate covered strawberries to surprise my parents in another room.  2 weeks before our flight into vegas I called back to confirm that everyone was set up.  I was told there is no record of my order.  So, I reordered.  Upon arrival, there was nothing in my parent's room.  2 hours later the fruit platter and strawberries were delivered, but to MY room.  Went to the concierge to complain but she was not helpful.  Called front desk from my room to have this delivered to my parents room instead, in spite of ruining the surprise.. . Checkout - good, did it on the phone.
Casino review (not hotel/rooms) -- the dealers at this casino are some of the most uptight who won't indulge in conversation, won't even smile, in fact, we kept getting ID'ed even though we were much older which got really annoying..
Beautiful place but poor casino service, in addition they charge resort fee.
It's a beautiful hotel yes. . Is it an expensive hotel for what you get YES. . Did I have a good time, well hell it's Vegas. YES. . Did I feel a little ripped off, YES.. Would I stay there again,  NOOOOO , unless I want  to burn money like a crazy person .......... . Pros :. Location. Jean-Philippe Patisserie in the lobby, makes it all better. Julian Serrano - Tapas . We asked for towels, and razors,  since house cleaning missed us one day, and they came up immediately.  They were very good about that. . . . Cons. 1- 45 min wait for check - in on a Thursday morning at 9:30AM (UGH)  . 2-High Tech rooms? PUH LEASE  Not impress.... I had to buy a $10 cord to use my Spotify on my iphone.   I was a bit annoyed.  They should just provide those. . 3-House Cleaning was missed one day, and we called and we called no one came. . 4-They authorized some money on my CC and I am still calling them to get the money back..... . 5-The night life is a bit slow at Aria for Vegas
I can sum up my current feelings about the Aria in one word: Decline. . I just returned from my 3rd stay at the Aria in the past 2 years. This was my favorite hotel in Vegas until recently. I loved staying there and had not really given much thought to staying somewhere else. My previous trips were all excellent. . . Most people on here write a negative review that generally stems from an event or two that leaves a bad taste in their mouth .. like a broken lamp, a noisy neighboring room, housekeeping forgets to re-stock shampoo, etc ... . However, I am disappointed in the overall decline in service at the Aria. During my last trip (5 days, 4 nights) the hotel just felt seriously understaffed at ever corner. Everything was a wait, everything. It feels like, and this may be true for all I know, that the hotel needed to cut costs and just laid off 30% of their staff. The hotel is still immensely popular, but at every turn it feels like they are running on a skeleton crew. . . I gambled at the tables for over 45 minutes before a waitress came by.  I waited at check-in for over 30 minutes. Every day I waited at least 20 minutes for breakfast at Cafe Vettro - and I went at various times .. 8:30, 9:30, 10:30 .. and every time I waited, and every time the restaurant was only half full. . . Anyways, I want to love this hotel again, but I don't think I'll be booking there in the future. It is a great facility, and a great location .. but I'vebeen getting better service at hotels that I am not staying in. . . It's too bad they had such a fall from grace. I thought they were an exceptional hotel, but they could not keep it up.
Although the hotel itself is beautiful, the problem is they put too much attention to the look and not enough in the service, and there are of course hidden fees.. . We were charged a resort fee on top of already paying for the hotel room. . The toilet pipe actually broke!!!! That was a HUGE con. We have been to many gorgeous hotels, and even less than 5 star hotels and never has something like that happened to us. . Housekeeping skipped our room one day, and came much later when we called. . When it finally came time to check out... we were unable to do it through the TV. So we called from our room to check out, only to be placed on hold for 10 minutes. Finally when the staff returns, they say not only can we not check out over the phone, but that, we are 10 minutes late in checking out and may have been charged for the next day!. . Why were we not told to that checking out over the phone is not possible in the first place!!! . . So we go downstairs to check out like everyone else, and of course there is a LONG line...mind you this is a random middle of the week Wednesday we checked out.. . In the end there was no way we were going to let them charge us an extra day. . . All in all...aria is all hype!
Meh.. Aria is a big casino/hotel in Vegas. We had reserved a 3 night stay with them in an average 'Po folks" room on the 19th floor. Checking in was fine, it didn't take more than 20 minutes.. . We got to the room and it was what you'd expect - a king sized bed, carpeting, a large bathroom with a full deep tub and separate shower, a toilet in a fuzzy glass separated area, and a vanity with a pull out mirror for the women who like to stare at their pores. Seeing as how I was sharing the room with my husband, I noticed right away that there was no fan/vent system in the bathroom. Great.. . We left the room for a bit the first day, came back that evening after eating at the buffet, and were preparing to hop into bed. We performed a check of the mattress for insects, and though we were thrilled not to find any of those, we DID find numerous large stains on the mattress top. Gross!!! However, since it was late, we put the sheets back on, spread out a couple towels on top, and went to sleep. We were awaken by a noise a couple hours later.. . Was it Santa on the roof with his eight tiny reindeer???? No! It was a police siren zipping by directly under our window, Okay, that's fine. Back to sleep. NO! Another siren 30 minutes later. Then another an hour later, then another 20 minutes later. Speckled in between were ambulance noises and someones loud car alarm that seemed to have been planted directly outside our room's window and took 20 minutes to get turned off. We did not sleep well that night.. . The next morning, we went to speak with the front desk to request a room change. They first wanted to get us a new mattress due to the stains, but then we also brought up the noise, admitting that it was NOT the hotels fault and that they cannot control that type of thing. A maid supervisor came to the room and acted appalled at seeing the gross mattress. They decided to honor our request and switched us to another room... directly beneath the room we were already in. Actually, it was 3 floors lower than the previous room, even closer to the nighttime traffic. Ugh!! Luckily, once in the new room, they called us and said the change didn't make sense, and they asked us to cross the hallway to a third room. Fine, done. Stupendous.. . Of course, once outside the newest room, our keycards wouldn't work. So we stood in the hallway like dolts (waiting for the keys to switch over) for about 10 minutes until the cleaning ladies became suspicious of us. Soon after, the floor manager appeared asking us what we were doing. We explained and he used his master key card to let us into the room.. . Once inside, we were going to nap and watch some cable (we only have antennae TV at home, so cable is exciting to us). We flipped on the TV and.... nothing. PHILLIPS flashed on the screens briefly and then everything went black. We took deep breaths, said prayers, crossed fingers, and tried again. Same result. Soooo, feeling horrible about being whiny guests, we called the front desk. Again. So they sent someone up. Again.. . The tech guy came in, re-plugged in a cable, and left. Great! TV worked, super! The front desk gave us a food credit for our troubles.. . Shortly thereafter, my husband found a nice gift sitting outside our door. It was a dessert plate of chocolate covered macaroons and strawberries. Being a chocolate lover and feeling warm and fuzzy at this kind gesture, I poured the entire plate onto my face. Kidding. But I did begin to eat the chocolate covered strawberries. I noticed instantly that they tasted fermented, but my husband convinced me it must a be a 'liquor' they were soaked in. I ate 2 of the 3 strawberries before noticing the mold growing on the tops. I froze and dropped the plate on the bed, feeling shameful for being such a Hoover and not noticing the mold beforehand. Disgusting!. . My hubby went downstairs to notify the front desk. He didn't want to complain again, but he thought it should be noted that they were giving away moldy food. They acted surprised, but who knows. . . That night, we got into room pretty late after seeing a show. It was around 11p.m., and I was hungry since we hadn't had dinner. I called room service to order a plain cheese pizza. 20 minutes past midnight, it still hadn't arrived and I was getting tired instead of hungry. I had tried to give them the benefit of the doubt, but ended up calling them again to inquire about the food, since I'm sure I was charged for it immediately. They said it was on its way. 10 minutes later, it arrived and the delivery guy said he had no explanation, but that it was simply their fault, and he apologized. They did not charge for the pizza, which was gross anyway. I barely touched it, it was so sub-par.. . At the buffet, while our waitress was polite, she neglected our water orders a total of 3 times, despite acknowledging that she kept forgetting it. That's all I have to say about that.
My wife and i stayed at Aria March 31-April 5 for our anniversary. Check in was fine, and we looked forward to the experience that we heard so much about....opening your door and having the lights and music coming on along with the curtains opening....didn\t happen....we walked into a dark room trying to find a light switch. .The  room is nothing special at all....nothing like we expected.The hype by the hotel and other guests on review sites make me wonder if they have been to other nice hotels at all. The connectivity panel didn't work and calling the desk didn't provide a solution. We came back to our room about 1:00 AM to find the curtains stuck open and with all the light from the surrounding buildings and the sunlight in the morning, this was going to be a problem. I called the front desk and they said it would looked after promptly. After an hour wait I called again and was connected to the maintenance people who told me they were never told of our problem by the front desk. Half an our later our curtains were fixed. For us it was all in all a poor experience for 5 days. there are better places to stay in Vegas. We spent 5 nights at the Cosmopolitan in Spetember and they have Aria beat in all aspects....value, location on the strip, rooms, value and attitude. Don't believe all the hype this place gets.....it's a 3 dressed up as a 9.
The Aria is really impressive to look at but it just feels like they don't trust me!. . The rooms are pretty nice.  I was impressed when on opening the door the window blinds automatically opened up and the TV turned itself on.  That was pretty snazzy.. . What I didn't like was that when I checked into the room they basically hit you with a bunch of bullshit fees and warnings.  Like a bunch of hotels in Vegas they hit you with a 'resort' fee of $25/day.  For this fee you get wireless in your room and to use the gym.  Please don't bullshit me Aria, just put the stupid fee in the price of the room.. . The other thing that I really loved when I was checking in was the 3 minute long warning that I got about the mini bar.  Apparently everything in the mini bar is weighted and the bar itself has a built in scale.  I was warned that as soon as a mini bar item was picked up the room would be charged.  So pick up a bottle of water and you just bought it.  Pretty classic.. . I was also warned that if you put something into the mini bar to store it you get charged a $50 per day 'storage' charge.  The receptionist added that the bar itself isn't cold enough to preserve anything and that people will put yogurt in there but the yogurt goes bad because the bar isn't cold enough so the mini bar should not be used to keep things cold BUT if it was used they would charge $50 per day for storage.  She added that if cold storage was needed they could rent me a refrigerator for $25 per day.  These guys have really got the art of bullshit charges down to a science - but that is expected as it is Vegas!  I am really impressed by how much thought went into the whole mini bar system - they have more computer power running the mini bars than went into the rockets that went TO THE MOON!. . I probably wouldn't stay here again just because of all of the stupid fees that they try and hit you with but given that The Aria is owned by the MGM and they own about half of the strip, I expect most of the MGM properties are about the same.
My pet peeve is people who don't listen or learn from other people. In this case that person is me. My previous reviews have not been gushing about this place; still I return. My greed, taking a very good rate caused it.  Must be genetic. Amazingly "The Aria" has the best valet parking of the "luxury hotels" I've been to on the strip. That being said let me count the ways the Aria is frustratingly not a contender.1- Check in lines too long-2-very little shower pressure-3-housekeeping, with many calls sporadic, certainly not 4 or 5 star.-4-Check out a horror,A-can not check out on TV even though they say you can-B-20 minute WAIT TO REACH FRONT DESK FOR CHECKOUT and finally had to call a managers office to check out-C- Person checking us out never apologized-5-Buffet is as mediocre as it gets. Lots of food but.  all that we ate was mediocre or less-6- Concierge casual, not helpful but very full of themselves. Tried to get the menus for a few hotel restaurants. "They don"t do that". Either does Motel 6. Ended up getting $150 in food credits. $50 of which I was never told of. Would have much preferred the service and attitude portrayed in Aria's ads. Next trip I'm back to Encore; my current favorite. Bellagio is not to be denied either. I am going to try and listen to me next time.
Meh. I've experienced better.. . Yup, I don't think this is a 5-star hotel. I was unimpressed, and here's why:. . 1) Took almost an hour to check-in. . . 2) Requested a non-smoking room, but instead received a smoking room (11th floor) when the front desk told me they the non-smoking rooms were all unavailable. After leaving the lobby, I spoke with my co-worker, who waited behind me in line to check-in that went to another front desk representative, actually received a non-smoking room (30th floor). My front desk representative did offer me that they would switch me to a non-smoking room the next day because Housekeeping clean the room around the clock, and that they would leave me a message on my room phone with the new room # the next morning and I can just pack up my belongings and move effortlessly. That never happen.  .  . 3) I saw a bug crawled up on the left side of the bedsheet the first night I was there. Eek..  . 4) Two lamps in my room did not work.. . I completed an online survey shortly after my stay (in March '13), and let the Guest Relations personnel know of my experience. They've offered me an upgrade to a Corner Suite. . . How thoughtful of them. It would work if I decide to stay with them in the future. However, I really don't see myself returning to Aria. It's just not my cup of tea.
I stayed at Aria this last weekend because I have tried to stay someplace new each time I'm in Vegas--I don't want to stick with the tried and true--but honestly, I was so disappointed.  Like a reviewer mentioned, the casino IS dark and is uninviting at best.  The hotel itself is on the junkiest part of the Strip, and just walking outside is so depressing.  The pool was okay but attacted a lot of frat paries when we were there.  The rooms were fine--bed was comfy--but nothing special.  The best thing was the fantastic service we got at View Bar, so we might go back THERE, but we won't stay at this hotel again. Check out your other options--there are better ones out there, I promise.
Front door staff person Laticia says to us. "if you don't like our staff, go.  someplace else." Fair enough advice however rude it might be. Great hotel bad to moderate service.
Stayed in 39105 from 6/7 through 6/9.. . Huge, huge let-down. I had such high expectations. When I went to Vegas in 2011, it was my first time since I was 11. I saw the magnificent Aria & Cosmopolitan and told my GF when I made more money I would take her there. We stayed at the Hilton off the strip at the time through a deal seen on SlickDeals.. . Came back in 2012 for the Yelp event and stayed at the Platinum. The Platinum really wowed us. Basically was a fully furnished, modern condo. Through some business conventions and a bachelors' party throughout the rest of 2012, I stayed at the Stratosphere, Mandalay, & Venetian. . . Fast forward to 2013. Cosmopolitan was booked, but I was just as happy to reserve a room with Aria. I would say Aria is a bit more casual, hip, modern. Cosmopolitan is a bit more refined and upscale. As for me, I was dgaf with my exercise shorts, New Balance sandals, and an oversized shirt. GF was embarrassed walking next to me. But hey, I come here to be relaxed and eat the buffets. No gambling or night life for me.. . The staff at check-in were extremely courteous and friendly. All staff were courteous and friendly in fact. However, the room was just terrible.. . After the initial oooh and ahhh of the automated blinds when we first walked in...the flaws became apparent. The Wifi was incredibly slow. The majority of outlets & plugins centered around Aria's Audio/Visual Panel near the TV. Not enough outlets for multiple devices; with my GF, we had 2 iPads, 3 phones, and one laptop so we had to charge one of the phones and iPads in the bathroom. I really wished there were some bedside outlets. There was also no refrigerator...although one could be provided for a daily fee.. . Ventilation very poor. It was very hot throughout my stay--temperatures were at an all time high of 113 outside. The room was 77 degrees when we went in and with the A/C struggling and constantly on, it managed to bring it down to 75 by the time we left. Both of us tossed and turned the entire night without good night's rest due to the heat and possibly uncomfortably soft bed.. . I complained to front desk. To their credit, a technician came by within 15 minutes. he flushed the coils and replaced the filter. Unfortunately it did not resolve our problem. Checkout was willing to waive the resort fee but nothing further.. . The view was very nice. I felt at the center of the hustle & bustle.. . All in all I felt restricted and I didn't enjoy my stay. I would have preferred to pay for a suite at Platinum off the strip or a suite at the Venetian for a comparable price to a regular King room here. I don't mind paying for the experience, but there was just no experience to be had here. I live in a fairly modern home, and I kept wishing I just stayed home, which after a 4-5 hour drive to Vegas as an "escape", is not something I would have liked to feel.
Warning: I've stayed at the Aria twice, and both times have been over charged! Check your bill!!. . Due to my June 2011 Aria experience with computer issues, which rendered them unable to check anyone in for a couple of days & left hundreds of vacationers stranded in the hotel lobby line, I was mailed a letter which offered a free night for later use. In order to make a reservation using my free night's stay, I had to talk to several people before someone could verify that the promo code I had been mailed even existed in their system. When I checked in, I was sure to verify that they had me down for a free night.. . Don't get me wrong, the Aria is beautiful. I love how it's not overly tacky like a lot of other places. However, once again, when I went to check out I was billed full room price and not given my free night. It's like they intentionally overcharge customers, seeing if they can get away with it. Two stays at the Aria, and two billing mistakes (in their favor) in a row. Shame on you, Aria.
Bad Hotel, especially for the price. . My girlfriend and I arrived on Friday night and there were long lines in the check in.  The check in staff was not courteous and even stuck us in a smoking room despite my request otherwise.  She told me that there were no non-smoking rooms and called this one "smoking optional".  Anyway we went up to the room and, on the way to the room in the hallway, smelled fried fish, heavy cigarette smoke, and MARIJUANA.  Upon arriving to the room we discovered that it REEKED of cigarette smoke.. . Then I call the front desk to complain and the manager said that they have non-smoking rooms and got one for us.  Well the non-smoking room was a downgrade in the room i had paid for but it was 11pm and we were too exhausted to fight anymore with the hotel.. . The sushi restaurant looks like a cateteria.. . This hotel blows.  Go stay at Wynn for the same price.
Aria used to be in our top 3 Vegas resorts. Sadly, it's no longer ranked. For the record, we have stayed at Aria many times before this and usually have enjoyed most of our stay. . . Check-in: I noticed the addition of  velvet ropes in the lobby check-in area. There was never a needfor these before. I never stood in line to check-in in the past; just walked up to an available desk. The wait wasn't long the day I checked in (maybe 7 minutes) but it was unusual for what I was accustomed to. The lady who checked me in was unfriendly, spoke barely loud enough for me to hear her, didn't smile, didn't seem to enjoy her job, and her attire was about as "unfitting" as could be for working the desk. She wasn't rude, but it was hardly a pleasant, welcoming experience. . . Room: Generally speaking, Aria rooms are the upper echelon of elegance, comfort, and design. I've never seen this particular side of the hotel. We were given a room on the 3rd floor (the first floor with guest rooms) which sits immediately over the air conditioning system and the roof of something.  Interesting.  My sister noticed a large ball of tangled up red hair on her bedspread. And the edges of both our sheets were ripped. Also, the tissue dispenser in the restroom was empty...not empty, as in the box had run out, but empty as in, the box had run out, someone threw it away and no one replaced it with a new box. The bathrobe had green (toothpaste colored) stains on the sleeve and brown stains across the front.  I'm also pretty sure our mini bar was not turned on at all. Other than that, yes, the Aria rooms are the upper echelon of elegance, comfort, and design. The room greets me by name (via the TV) and seems to warmly welcome me where the humans didn't. . . Concierge: Always helpful. Always smiling. Does exactly as they should be...helping make the guest experience easier, better, and milk a client for more money into the MGM system while doing so.  One day I saw a looooong line there so I opted not to pick up my Blue Man Group tix that day. The next day when I passed by, there was no line so I was in and out in a jiffy. Also very helpful with dining res over the phone. . . Valet: The valet driveway is a clusterfck. I swear there are two, maybe three lanes that say Valet. Maybe it's because I'm a short Asian, but the tall white people ALWAYS get serviced before me. I think its ridiculous to have to sit in the driveway for more than 5 minutes to wait for someone to acknowledge me and give me my ticket, but its a regular occurrence here...and that's just the drop off side of things. The pick up end is just as bad.  To pick up your car, you have to walk a few feet shy of the self park garage to a window to hand your ticket over. And then wait. Another 5 to 15 minutes. The amount of walking and waiting time just doesn't justify using the valet service AT ALL here especially since all but one valet attendant that I encountered had the personality of a pencil. . . Bell Desk: The highlight of my trip. I called the bell desk at 6:39 the morning of my departure and asked how long it would be for a pick up. Denise said "7 to 10 minutes." I was in a bit of a rush but had a couple of heavy suitcases and several carry ons so I could use the help.  I wanted to be out of the hotel BY 7, no later, so her 7 to 10 minutes should be fine.  I asked her if Valet could also pull my car up at the same time and gave her the ticket number.  Fast forward 20 minutes later: stressed out, I call again.  Isabel answers and I ask if the assistance I requested had left yet.  "Yes, he is on his way, it will be 7 to 10 minutes." Ahem. Excuse moi? "I was told "seven to ten minutes" 20 minutes ago." . "Well, I just got here, so I don't know what to tell you but he is on his way and it will be 7 to 10 minutes. You can leave if you want but if you leave, he won't be able to get your bags." . "If I leave, you're right, he won't be able to get my bags because I'm taking them myself!". ...and then I left. Screw waiting for the bell man.  I waited enough and she seriously just made my blood boil with her shit attitude.  I'm over it, Aria. . . Your snobby employees can deal with drunken frat kids and spoiled rich kids. I'll stick to Bellagio or the California hotel downtown, which might be a dive but they're actually kind to people and if I find ripped sheet edges, at least I wasn't paying for a 5-star hotel and getting a 2-star experience.
The Aria is a decent hotel with a great poker room. I've stayed at many other places in Las Vegas and experienced much better and much worse than the Aria. . . The good: no bed bugs, great view overlooking Cosmopolitan Pool out onto the Strip, free-parking and really nice room service staff. Furthermore, they run the best poker room in town as far as I've experienced. Lots of action at all blind levels including daily tournaments. Additionally, if you want to play the best Ben Lamb, Greg Merson and Eli Elezra were all in last night boning up before Main Event.. . The bad: Hotels.com and Tripadvisor might tell of a 4 1/2 star experience while there, but actually....it ain't. Waiting in line for 20 minutes at check-in, having 4 drunks in the hall screaming obscenities into their phone on my way to the room, crabby front desk personal when I went back to switch rooms, someone else's leftovers and half drunk OJ in the fridge, chocolate-carmel sauce ( I hope) on the vanity above the fridge, 3 foot diameter wet spot next to the bed, 18" long black hairs wrapped around the feet of the scale, mattress warped and listing to the left, swimsuit made four shades lighter and bracelets severely marred by massive amount of chlorine in the pool, and no one answering the front desk phone because they're too busy.....none of the above lead to even a 3-star experience, let alone 4.5. Obviously the facilities are nicer than thousands of hotels lining the Interstate highway system around the US, but just because I-15 runs right behind the Aria doesn't mean they're competing with Super 8. Las Vegas doesn't lack for good rooms and you should probably go stay at one of those instead.
The good: Aria has AWESOME rooms.  As close to the comfort of my own bed that I've ever had! . Poker room was also great! . . BUT. . The bad: The casino and restaurants were VERY disappointing! . . No cheaper gambling tables at night. . But above the casino, the food was a MAJOR disappointment.  I asked one of the security guys where I could get a good hamburger being as I was a little hung over and had a spa appt that I wanted to make and just wanted a good burger fast. He told me accross Las Vegas blvd at fat burger??!!!!  WTH????  So I had to eat a crappy sandwich in the Starbucks. . . The buffet....average at best. Also disappointing!! . . I love high end food when it's good....theirs? Not good.. . Overall even though I loved my room, the casino and restaurants were enough to make me NOT want to stay again.
The room was great. It was large, clean an modern. However I am very disappointed by hidden fee I was charged on my reservation. I reserved the hotel viaExpedia. The website offered a very good deal that brought the price below the price of other competitors. When I went there they told me there was a resort fee in addition to my reservation price. The final invoice ended up 20% above the original fare.
For the same room rate, I prefer Vdara.. Vdara 's room is twice bigger than Aria.. Check-in at Aria takes about 45 min in line, long line and slow service.. Aria has no Business Center to fax or print boarding pass. Vdara has. but close at 5pm.. Aria room is half the size of Vdara for the same price.. Aria has no fridge, no dinning table, no 2 TVs, . Aria has better pool area than Vdara, Vdara pools are crowded.. Aria has buffet , its pretty good, they have crab legs for lunch. Vdara has no restaurant.. . However, Vdara has no casino, no restaurant, but its is just next to Aria ( connected ). I take Vdara anytime.
Meh I was under wooed. I lived in Vegas for nearly 2 years, was probably there 30 times before I made the move, and have been back twice since I've moved. I know a thing or two about a thing or two and this hotel didn't really do it for me. . . The Good: . -Room itself was fine, the shower and tub were pretty awesome, view was pretty good.. -Rate they offered me was very reasonable, cheaper than some of the other hotels. -Staff at the Casino bar by the elevators to get to you're room. Same guys were working all weekend long. Awesome group of guys made hanging out there fun, you should commend them.. --Great dinner spots here, not really much for breakfast or lunch, but dinner they are covered on. . The Bad:. --There's no place to get food by the pool. I mean they have a menu but it's extremely limited and you have to go inside to find something decent. PS- the casino is like 10 degrees below zero. So when you are partially wet outside by the pool and it's 115 outside, your implants basically freeze and you become a Popsicle this is not the look you are going for...trust me.. --It took us almost 30 mins to check into our room. Now granted it was ready, and it was like 1 pm, we actually walked by the line earlier say around 12 but the line was really long then too. So, we went and had lunch then came back and indeed it was slightly shorter, but not really. . --Loosing, loosing money is bad we all lost money. #boo. . The Ugly: . --Coffee-I need it, I want it, I got to have it. There are only 2 places to get coffee here, you MUST go downstairs, and both are going to have lines that are at least 15 mins (no joke 20 people deep).  I can barely walk w/out coffee in the morning and I also hate lines. I also was too late to do room service b/c I'm out having fun . --Couldn't get a late checkout, had a knock at the door at 11 am to make sure we were checking out, I hate this. I was offered a rate of $49 if I wanted to extend the room to 6 pm. My flight was at 420, Just needed the room to like 2 pm. Got a big no go on that one. Had to then go check my bags w/ the bellmen, go to another casino for lunch, come back and then head to the airport. They made this alot more difficult then it really needed to be. And lost me to another casino. . --Table minimums are freaking STEEP here!  It's 4th of July weekend, I get it, but $100 mins at 7 pm for Black Jack?  The other mins were $200 and $300.  We had to go to another casino to gamble...now does that make sense at all to you?  The tables were not busy at all. Not surprising.. . . WOULD I STAY HERE AGAIN- No-unless they gave me free rooms or something, but this would be a NO for me. Would I go here again, YES but not actively.
To sum this up quick, i was sadly disappointing. Hotel Aria is just simply over rated. There is nothing special about this hotel, nothing that has made it stand out amongst the other numerous hotels in Las Vegas. considering what i paid for the room i was expecting to be blown away, i wasn't. The staff was friendly, however the service was just mediocre. Just one of the many issues that i experienced to support my two star rating: i called and asked for a mini fridge. I have medication that required refrigeration, AND they never delivered it! I considered placing in their mini fridge with all their food and drinks, don't worry i didn't, however let me tell you that cleaning service must not open these refrigerators because i found the previous guests leftover food in it. How gross is this? I would say that this place is over rated and over priced. Consider another hotel.
This review reflects only the check-in:. Usually we get a great experience at the Aria, as we come back every year. This year we were greated by a very unpleasant check-in clerk. She was very cold and condescending. Luckily the supervisor (Andy), was as always very pleasant and straightened out an issue we had with our buffet offer.
For the money spent (and lost) it simply didn't live up to my expectations.
Had an Ok experience. Got a good price for the room so allowed us to stay at a higher end hotel for a price closer to some of the less convenient "bargain" casinos. Minus 1 star for housekeeping. Our room was not completely clean upon check in (fingerprints on the mirrors, used q-tip on the floor in the bathroom, something grimey on the closet doors) and was entirely too obtrusive. They moved some of our things from the bathroom counter into drawers in the bathroom. I understand needing to move stuff to clean but this wasn't it, and it's strange to have a complete stranger handle your tooth brush when there really isn't a need to do so. Creeped me out. All the restaurants are expensive (even for Vegas) and the pool is lackluster compared to other properties. Stay was Ok but probably won't be back.
The service wasn't good for the quality of place it is.  They were unhelpful and seemed to forget that they should take care of their guests.  It's Vegas, and this place is one of the nicer, more expensive hotels.. . I gave 2 stars b/c the hotel is nice and the casino was decent
Super nice room in terms of looks.  Bed is not nearly as comfortable as the Wynn's.  Overly complex panels every place you turn that make it hard to customize the experience you want for lighting and entertainment.  ("I just want to watch TV in the dark with my shades drawn!")  So frustrating.  Also annoying was the $50 charge to use the refrigerator or if you bump the in-room snacks.  So, $50 + the cost of the snack to consume, $50 to use the fridge or to bump something.  Thankfully, free and easy-to-use wi-fi in the rooms.. . Decent for attending a convention at convention rates ($190/nt.). . Meh food.. . Smelled relatively clean any place aside from the common floors where people walk around smoking.
Didn't seem particularly high end compared to others on the strip. Looked more like a conference center in the midwest than a hyped new Vegas hotel. They were going for a 'minimalist' theme, but it just came across as cheap. Cheesy cream-colored vinyl wallcoverings in the elevator lobbies was all peeling off. At check-in, all they did was talk about how the room 'welcomes' you - playing music and opening the curtains and everything. We had two separate rooms during our stay and neither did this...I really didn't care, but this seems to be their biggest selling point...it being a "smart room" complete with an ipaddy thing to control all of the lights, curtains, tv etc. But the system was tempermental and they probably would have been better served  putting that money into something else - like the finishes.. . Also touted as "cool and innovative" at check-in was the "Indiana Jones-style" minibar, whereby if you lift something off the pressure-sensitive pad, you have something like 30 seconds to put it back or you will be charged for it, regardless of whether you actually consume it or not. Bad for people who want to check out what they might be paying for. And sort of obnoxious, imho.. . Other miscellaneous things: There was vomit in the corner of the elevator the first night. For several hours nobody cleaned it up. Concierge closes at 8pm on a Sat night? Staff only recommended the hotel's Thai place to eat (Lemongrass). They must be instructed to do so be because nobody is going there otherwise. Crappy chain-restaurant food. Sweet and sour chicken with neon red corn syrup? How is that even Thai? Also, pretty sub-par toiletries in tiny disposable containers when they are touting how 'green' they are in all of their literature? Why not (as many other luxury hotels have done) have truly great toiletries in regular sized containers that can't be stolen? I got way better toiletries at a Courtyard Marriott in Hagerstown, MD. . . Pool area was nice, but didn't order food or drinks.  And very nice gym. Otherwise, ridiculously underwhelmed.. . Totally agree with the other reviewer here who said the "luxury factor" was just missing. DEFINITELY. Not worth the price at all. Stay somewhere else, walk through Aria and be happy you aren't staying there.
Looks great from the outside but everything inside was extremely lacking from the room down to the service.  Stayed here over the weekend for two nights.  On the first night, we noticed the remote control wasn't working and called down for a replacement.  Never received a replacement.  Then we called the next morning.  After 45 minutes of no service, we called again.  Finally someone came to look at the batteries and said that the batteries were from years ago.  Made sense because the hotel barely seemed crowded the whole weekend so perhaps not that many people stay here.  That said, they could have easily upgraded the three parties that were staying here but nope, we were all spread out among lower levels with very boring views.. . The room was decent.  The bed comfy and pillows soft.  The comforter wasn't especially fluffy or comfortable.  The towels were downright scratchy and hard and uncomfortable.  I was really shocked about that.  The shower and bathtubs are nice but they could have put a little more effort into making the rest of the hotel room nicer too.. . Checking in was sort of a pain because the guy helping us took forever and mumbled everything.  We never really were greeted warmly or made to feel like the hotel/casino valued our patronage.  We've stayed at fun, swanky places like the Cosmo and the more affordable Bally & Caesar's Palace and the whole time we were at Aria, I wished we were at one of the other places.
The Aria is pretty on the outside.. Stay outside.. The whole hotel is convoluted and confusing due to the strange half-circle shape of the building. This includes the restaurants, shops, and hotel hallways and rooms.. The (thankfully free) Self-Park is clear across the entire Casino from the Lobby- you have to push yourself through hordes of trussed-up gamblers, through the Casino, lugging your bags the whole way, just to check in.. The real fun for us started before we even checked in. If you stay at this place, COME WITH A CREDIT CARD. Otherwise they will put a $475 (for a three-day stay) HOLD on your debit card, for 'incidentals' (i.e, the absurdly-priced mini-bar. Seriously, $3.50 for a Snickers bar? GTFO). And this charge stays active on your card for THREE DAYS after you leave the hotel! Totally ridiculous. I have NEVER experienced something so stupid at ANY hotel before, not even at ritzier places in Vegas!. I'm actually shocked at the number of people that say this place is 'less crazy' than other Vegas hotels. And even more shocked when they say its location is 'convenient.' If you want to tour overpriced shops, sure, it's convenient. If you want to actually SEE Vegas? Maybe get to a show or something? Make sure to include AT LEAST half an hour for travel time in all of your plans, if you don't intend to cab everywhere and you don't plan on using the valet. Getting out onto the Strip requires way too much work- the tram takes you to the Bellagio, which you then have to wind through to get outside.. The Aria prides itself on the room 'welcoming' you when you enter your room. This, for us, was a bit lackluster, considering the curtains opened out onto... a rooftop and half-obscured signage. If you are a masochist and decide you must stay here, try to get a room above the 10th floor. Then maybe you'll actually have a view.. The room comes with a touch tablet that controls all the tweakable aspects: television, music, lights (in the bathroom and bed area), curtains, and services. Trying to watch television using either the remote or the tablet was a nightmare, but why bother when you're in Vegas? The music channel options seemed a tad limited, and the options given on the tablet did not match the channels on the television. Their 'relaxation' station was already playing only Christmas music (the absolute opposite of relaxing, imo), the '60s station was a '90s station, etc. The tablet had four raised buttons on the bottom, with no labels. Of course. One controlled the brightness of the tablet screen, and the other three...? Also, if you happen to have long nails, good luck getting the tablet to do ANYTHING you want it to.. I will admit that the bed was very comfortable, and the (very large) tub was located inside the shower stall- an actual nice use of limited space (for once). But this just wasn't worth the incredible headache that comprised the rest of the hotel.
My fiancee and I were very much looking forward to our stay at the Aria.. . I paid ahead of time for an upgraded room.  The room was tiny with an ok view, we were dead smack in front of another building.. . Air conditioning didn't work properly, cannot use the fridge because they use it for the hotels overpriced goods that they overcharge you for, and say it is a fee if you store anything in fridge.  . . Was double charged for the room as we'll and pool closed at 4pm.. . The only saving grace was Sage restaurant, we had a phenomenal dinner but it was a $300 dinner.. . Would NOT stay here again but will be back for Sage, the service there was incredible.
I've never stayed at the Aria, so this review is basically for the casino/property.  I like that the property is new and I like that they have the newest games.  I like the patisserie and that my husband found a betting ticket here once that hooked us up with some cash, but other than that, I'm just not a fan.  I've tried to be, but it's dark and it's usually hot, often perfumey and the ceiling is too low - like an old casino.. . Zarkana plays here and it is not my favorite show.. . It's connected to Crystals which is kind of fun to see... once, but it's so pricey that its not like I can really shop there.. . I was not impressed by Five 50, which we visited for our free pizza and beer offer from My Vegas.  Cheap crappy beer does not really entice me to return, so as advertising that offer was a fail.. . And, the worst thing.  I always lose when I gamble here.  I know, it's gambling.  We usually lose, right?  But, here I have had the very worst luck EVER.  It's plain brutal.  I just don't really want to go here.  . . Maybe someday I'll try the hotel and that might change my mind, but I'm not holding out a lot of hope.  I'm just not a fan.
We stayed at Vdara last time visiting Las Vegas and would want to try Aria. I wouldn't say that we have a horrible or bad experience; however, it definitely did not meet the high expectation.. . At first, I was impressed by the grand casina, lobby, the level of customer service of the staff, the arts pieces around the resort, etc. Oh, what was really amazing is we got a $100 gift card for Crystal by booking the package via Expedia.. . I think all of these are kind of expected with all the ridiculous Las Vegas hotels on the stripe. In fact, Vdara was kind of boring comparing to Aria in terms of all these.. . Now, it's time for the negative.. -I was very impressed by the centralized computer control room where there's a picture frame by your night stand, connected to the room and supposedly control the lights, TV, music, curtain, temperature of the room. However, it doesn't work well. It has a big delay, so you don't even know if what you are trying to do doesn't work, or it's just slow. -The first day we were here, three of the lights in the room didn't work (floor lamp and the two reading lamp by the bed). . -The towels feel too thin, I don't know it's just me, but it just doesn't feel normal, it feels thin! enough said.. -We went out the whole day yesterday, coming back last night and found out that the used glasses was not washed! Really?!?!. -There is no safe. Unless it's so safe that it's hiding somewhere in the room that I couldn't find it. I guess if that's the case, it's a good safe! lol... -So, if we are paying 25 bucks daily for the 'resort fee', I am pretty unhappy about the slow internet speed. They would want to charge even more for faster speed internet, ridiculous. Also, that wonderful resort fee always includes daily newspaper, which you will have to pick up yourself. I am not even going to continue, I just feel like the fee is a  insane, but I guess that's what every hotel is doing on the stripe?. -The room is loud! We are staying at 27th floor and we are almost hear everything going on on the street. The motorcycle, the police cars, etc. Besides that, we can hear the water pipe, people talking/walking on the hallway, it feels like the wall are almost too thin??. -The room is almost too dark even with all the lights turned on (this is after they fixed the floor lamp and reading lamp) Opening all the curtain helps, but isn't that what's lights are for?. . anyway, that's about it, and I think it's a pretty big list given the standard and expectation. I will probably won't come back next time, given that other choices given
Overrated !!! Beautiful hotel. Great view. Awesome Services. However, the room where we stayed were lousy. We can hear conversations from the both side our room wall. Noises comes and go making hard to settle down to sleep. Although this hotel is fairly new, I can visibly see the wears and tears. Wifi was spotty at best. Had to pay for extra juice. For the price, I would prefer MGM or Venetian over Aria any days. Never again Aria.
