Stopped in at Lo-Lo's after Disney on Ice about a week ago. We arrived on a Saturday night about 6 and to our surprise the place wasn't crowded..actually got a parking place right in front. When we walked in a woman yelled sit any where..then someone else yelled..y'all have to wait. so we waited..and waited. Mind you that several tables in plain view were available. After we were seated..without menus, we waited another 10 minutes before someone came back to the table with our menus..we didn't really need the menus for we have been to Lo-Lo's several times. Waited another 15 minutes for someone to take our order..a Betty Boop, a Tre Tre, a plain waffle for the child, 1 sweet tea, 1 unsweeted tea, 1 red kool-aid. Took another 10 minutes to get our drinks.  Again..not busy. The waitress brought out the Tre Tre and Betty Boop but not the waffle for our son..had to wait another 10 minutes to flag someone down to bring his waffle..long story short, the chicken and waffles were amazing as always, but the unsweeted tea was on the verge of souring..and the service was just plain awful. Lo-Lo's gets extremely buzy, especially on Sunday mornings and we have never had a problem, maybe it was an off night..but for the life of me I don't understand why it took us almost 2 hours for 3 pieces of fried chicken and 3 waffles.
Apparently, someone was fired from Roscoes Chicken N Waffles in LA, moved to Phoenix, opened their own restaurant, changed the name and a few recipes (not the waffles) and BOOM! Lo Los Chicken N Waffles. Here's my review.. . Location: SUCKS. I thought my GPS was malfunctioning when it told me I had arrived at my destination. Hole in the wall shack on the corner of a busy street across from a fenced up empty lot. There goes the ambiance.  . . Actual Restaurant: Too small and cramped. Very mediocre looking. Lots of signage written in Ebonics, menu items had ghetto names, Kool Aid flavors (Who puts Kool Aid on a menu and charges $2 for some colored sugar water?!) were Blue Raspberry, Tropical Punch, and Red....WTF is RED?!  . . Employees: Cordial. Wouldn't say friendly. One copped an attitude when I told her this place was just like Roscoes.. . The Food: I had the Sheedahs Special (1 breast 1 wing 1 waffle) and a side of Mac and cheese. The chicken was very salty. Salt does not equal flavor. The waffle was DELICIOUS. Just like Roscoes. The macaroni and cheese I was appalled by. How dare someone use cream of mushroom soup to make Mac and cheese with! That's a cheap way to make it creamy. I was sickened. 2 bites and I was done.. . Maybe I'm just spoiled by Sistahs Soul Food in Long Beach or the REAL chicken and waffles joint who've I've named several times already but I couldn't see what all the hype was about. Lo Los is for people who have Lo Lo standards for soul food apparently. Don't think I'll make the visit again
This is no Roscoe's chicken and waffles. They also do not have AC inside this place. You are warned if you come here during the summer. I ate here in 115 degree weather and it literally destroyed my meal. All I did was down fruit punch. I couldn't enjoy my chicken and waffles. The food isn't bad here it's just bad to eat here in the heat. Please ADD some AC and I'll return here.
I had higher hopes for this place, the chicken wasn't well seasoned there was no kick to it. Corn bread was too sweet, the only thing I did enjoy from this joint was the rice with gravy. Overrated! I give it a 2.5.
It's sad when the best part of a meal isn't even what a restaurant is known for,  I'll keep it short and SWEET.. . The chicken was mediocre.. The waffles were good.. The grits were ok, as best as I could tell, given it was my first time eating grits.. The ambiance wasn't great, but about what I expected, given the location.. The location was scary.. The service was functional.. The best part of the meal was the SWEET tea served in a mason jar...and I do mean SWEET!. . I can't say I'd want to go back, but might if others wanted to.  I would offer some other restaurant choices, if asked.
Nothing special, expensive 3-piece chicken dinner $20, OUCH!!!! Atmosphere ok, hole in the wall with limited menu.. . . You gotta be kidding.......I will not go back.
I gave this place 2 stars only because it's the best tasting chicken waffles in town...wait it's the ONLY one in town! Food is actually good. Tastes just like it sounds. But don't expect much in the service department. . . Also what kind of breakfast places doesn't open until 9am?!? Laziness or stupidity? I would think if you wanted to survive this economy, it may be wise to not only cater to the unemployed and retirees that have the luxury of enjoying breakfast after 9am. ? Don't most of us need to get to work by then?!? . . Oh well, I'm sure a chicken and waffles spot will have plenty of success in SCOTTSDALE!
This place is not all the hype! . . Chicken was a little greasy. Sides were bland. Really the "eggo"-ish waffles were not great either. The grape kool-aid was all sugarfied! . . Tip: Go to Church's chicken and make your own waffle.
This place is ok. Being from the south, I know what real soul food tastes like, and this is the commerical version of that. I have the opportunity to sample the chicken wings, mac and cheese, collards and yams. It was just ok. The mac and cheese was bland, the yams were decent. The fried chicken is hit or miss. Once my chicken was finger looking good; but then it tasted reheated.  The place is always packed with a diverse customer base; which is great. I would go back to eat; but its certaintly not a place that I drool over like I do Grandma's Sunday dinner.
I don't see why everyone is raving about this place. I have had better chicken and waffles at Caferteria 15L. The chicken here reminded me of KFC chicken, aside from being crispy I didn't see very spectacular. Also when I got the waffle it wasn't as crispy and delicious as I wanted. It came with plenty of syrup and butter but that didn't mask my disappointment. I think this place is just overrated and I would not be back again.
This place is OVERRATED in my opinion. The best thing there was the $2.00 glass of Kool-aid. I expected the chicken to be amazing and it was just "ok". The waffle was horrible and cold once it made it to my table.. . The worst part of my experience was the service. It completely sucked. I'm not sure if the assign a server to your table or not because they had different people "helping" us. At the end of the night I wasn't sure who I was tipping.. . With the overrated food and the awful service, it only makes sense that it would be over priced as well.. . Don't fall for the hype.
Not a big fan of the chicken and waffles idea, but the waffles and fruit punch were good!
it saddens my heart to type this review!!!  sorry lo lo's but the truth needs to be told.. . my family of 8 adults and 2 children arrived at the restaurant at 1:30 pm on 1/2/13.  we were told the wait was going to be 25 minutes.  we didn't mind because we have always had an awesome experience in the past.  well, 30 minutes goes by and i check in with the hostess desk.  i asked what the hold was.  zoe, the hostess said that we have a large party so it will take longer.  totally understandable.  the hostess was not trying to accommodate for our large party by saving single tables in an area to be combined together.  so smaller party's were being seated before us.  so finally,  zoe the hostess, caught on and started saving tables to accommodate our party.  50 minutes later we were finally sitting down.. . we ordered our drinks and meals at the same time.  it took 20 minutes to get our drinks.  it took an additional 25 minutes to get our meals.  the food was great!. . i'm not bitching for bitching sake.  the expanded building is nice and we are happy for the business owners but something was lost.  we didn't have that hometown feel.  we miss all the signatures and pictures.  we miss sitting by the fountain drink machine and bathrooms all in the same room.  lol.  our server didn't make us feel welcomed.  our family members have been in the food business and they were up in arms with what we experienced.  it seemed like the servers don't have the experience to handle a larger restaurant experience.. . WARNING:  IF YOU HAVE A LARGE PARTY, YOU WILL PROBABLY HAVE A HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!
I don't understand the hype about this place, other than its theonly place in Phoenix with this type of food. I've been here with my family a couple of times when my father in law is craving the food, and I've always been disappointed. Chicken is nothing special, waffles are soggy, and the service is sub par.
Boo on the Food! This place is way over hyped. They tried to charge $7 for a little waffle and 2 cold, greasy chicken thighs. Not impressed at all. The only reason it gets 2 stars is because the waiter was nice and the place looked cool. . . First impressions are everything, so they say, and in this instance I would agree. Since moving here over a year ago I have heard people go on and on about Lolo's chicken and waffles, especially when they find out I moved from the south. "Oh it is the best soul food", "They have the best fried chicken I have had anywhere.." are some of the things people have said. We live in Mesa and there is not a location near us but this morning  we were running errands in Phoenix and drove about 15 minutes out of our way so I could finally try this place that so many people have raved about. The place was decorated nice, it was not too long after they opened and it was not busy, we were seated right away. Took about 10 minutes before we saw a server, our drinks were brought out fairly quick and our order taken. Our food came out pretty quick but what difference does quick service make when the food is cold? The skin on the chicken was not even crisp on the edges, they had obviously been sitting around for a while. I tried a bite anyway, good fried chicken is good hot or cold and this was not good. It had the overwhelming taste of flour and I think the cook forgot to put seasoning on it at all. When the waiter came over to check on us I told him the chicken was cold and I didn't want it, at first he took the plate back and didn't say anything at all, when he brought the check he apologized. I have heard people say how good it is and maybe my experience is isolated but if it really was an uncommon experience then why didn't the waiter seemed surprised when I returned it? Why didn't he offer to get me a fresh plate? Why didn't a manager come over to see what they problem was or to apologize? Maybe they are used to serving sub-standard food, that is the only thing I can think of. This place reminds me of a lot of places that were really good until they got popular, quality of food and service goes down, prices go up and the only reason they stay in business is because they are "cool" or trendy. . . Bottom line - Don't think I will try this place again, there are so many really good restaurants to try in the Phoenix area and when you are going to spend an average of $10+  per person to sit down & eat somewhere, the food should at least be fresh. . . Oh yeah, one more thing, a glass jar of kool-aid should never cost $3, unless you get to take the jar with you.
Food is good the waiting staff sucks! They guys were better than the women by far but there is some real room for improvement.
The food here is really good and I hate having to give it a poor review, but today, my husband and I waited for well over an hour after we gave our order to get our food.  They told us that it was because of a catering order, but as customers with their rear end in seats at tables languished for over an hour -- we weren't alone, other tables full of people left without eating -- they made NO effort to even offer us anything.  I'm diabetic, so I finally asked them to get me something, but I had to ask.  No accomodation was made for the long wait.  I hope that catering business takes off, because they won't have me as a customer ever again.  The wait staff will likely have suffered from the lack of table turnover, and I left a tip for our wait person even though they were less attentive than usual.  On top of everything, my catfish was overcooked and leathery.  Hardly worth that long wait.
I was very excited to finally get to try this Lo Lo's chicken and waffles only to be let down by the lack of seasoning in the chicken, the almost "eggo" low quality of the waffles and the unbelievable amount of sugar in the red koolaid type drink. As I ate it I could almost feel myself getting fatter. When I got back to work I felt the after effects as my body began to crash like I was going into a coma. The three women I ate there with loved it though but they all were very used to this type of food having gone there weekly for some time. The three women I was with were also obese and not health conscious at all. The quantities were big but the taste and quality were not and I doubt I'll be back any time soon.
Good for groups was a big NO for us. We went after a graduation and they told us different wait times than what we experienced and fumbled around with the tables and then their excuse was that they had ANOTHER group of 13 who came after us and they needed to seat them as well...The food was good but not amazing as I expected it to be from all the hype.
Based on the positive Yelp reviews we decided to give this place a try and were really disappointed.. . First, I let my wife out on the curb to inquire how long the wait was, we were told 20 minutes so I found a place to park across the street and decided to wait the 20 minutes since we had came all the way from Goodyear. Stood waiting for 45 minutes and noticed people that came after us being seated so went up and looked at the waiting list and they had skipped us and been seating people after us with parties of 3 and 4 at tables with four chairs and left us waiting for one of the couple tables of only 2 chairs since there was only two of us. I got upset at the gal running the waiting list and she said "you're next" then proceeded to sit 4 more parties before us before we were finally seated at a table with 4 chairs since a table for 2 never opened up.. . That was strike one.. . Next, with the name "Chicken and Waffles" I expected to have some good waffles and figured they would be BIG. I ordered 3 chicken wings and 1 waffle for $10.50 and was very disappointed when this little thin waffle came out with 3 little tiny chicken wings. I get bigger wings when be buy fried chicken at the deli counter of Fry's grocery stores. I thought about ordering another waffle but seen they wanted $4 for just a tiny waffle and said screw that. I walked away still hungry.. . The chicken had good flavor but the waffle was tiny and soggy and a frozen waffle out of box would have been just as impressive as this waffle.. . We were at the place for nearly 2.5 hours and the bill for two of us was right at $30 for lunch and both of us were still hungry when we left. Not worth the price or the wasted time to eat here. Our waitress gave us our drinks and took our order and we never seen her again until she brought me the check as a runner brought the food from the kitchen.
This was my fourth time and last going here. I liked their food but their customer service was HORRIBLE! Everyone, the greeter, the cashier and even the owner were rude. I dk if it was b/c I had carry out or what it was but that was the last time they'll see me. I started this review on 3/9/2012. Sorry for the delay.
Ihave to admit that I have a love-hate relationship with Lo-Lo's.  The chicken is incredible, the waffles are okay, but the service always drives me nuts!  I'm okay with the sticky menus, the soggy mac and cheese can be overlooked as well, but don't disrespect me or make us wait 30 minutes for a plate of chicken.  . . If you're not in a hurry, you will probably love this place, but be prepared for some southern style mosy-like service.  . . Here are some tips worth the read:  the chicken is great, but if you really want to taste some soul food, you've got to get the dark meat and collard greens with waffles.  When you order your drink, you've got to try the Kool-aid.  Yes, I'm serious!. . Lo-Lo's you've got me all worked up again.  If you could just have some friendly, fast service, I'd be regular and you'd be a bit richer.
Still good food, but boy did they reduce the portions BUT NOT THEIR PRICES.  So, small piece of Chicken Chicken, but same BIG BIG price.  I guess you are paying for their new building.  Slow food service and wait staff only filled drinks twice.  Probably won't go back, I can make the same chicken at my house for 1/3 the price.  I was just so disappointed this time by the very small portion, the minimal service  and wait for the food, that I won't be back.  When I went the times that it was in the small building, portions were consistent with price, but now...was like a small chicken tender for $15 and food was served quickly, over 35 minute wait is a bit outrageous.  Overall experience in new building has gone downhill.  I am sad, I LOVED this place.
KOOLAID KID reminded me of home...nice touch..i know I know..this is suppose to be about the chicken & waffles, but I must say quenching my thirst is very important to me..so back to the food..it was just that chicken(no flavor) & waffles(nothing special)..mac & cheese was very nice...and the new building was very very nice..okay that's all
My fiance and I ate here while vacationing in the Phoenix area. It is in the "hood" but the inside is really nice. There were multiple tvs showing football games on this busy Sunday afternoon.  It was very crowded and the wait was about 40 minutes.  When our name was called, the hostess (speaking a mile a minute) said we had to sit at a "two-fer" or outside.  Mind you it was about 90 degrees.  I had to ask several times what a "two-fer" was before she finally responded and said a table for two. We took that table and it was TINY! I would have liked to have been asked from the beginning if we were ok with sitting outside rather than almost being threatened (which is what it sounded . and felt like). Her tone was totally unprofessional. . . Ok so the food....I had chicken and waffles.  The good: the chicken wasn't by Banquet.  You could tell it was the kind your mother chopped up and fried fresh. The bad: The chicken lacked flavor. The waffle was small and just blah. Not bad...not good. My fiance had chicken, catfish, fries and mac n cheese. His fries were undercooked and it was visible. He said the fish was good but also a tad undercooked. He said the mac n cheese tasted like it was missing something.  Overall, I'd give the food a C. I think it is very overrated or maybe there just aren't many options in Phoenix. . . The service...two different ladies served us but once our food came, they forgot about us. A man I'm assuming is the manager walked by and offered us drink refills after our glasses sat empty for 10-15 minutes.. . Overall...a so-so experience. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again but I wouldn't throw a tantrum if this is where a friend wanted  to dine.
