The room was just okay, not really that clean. The front desk staff were just flat-out rude! I mean, I know it's not a 5-star resort with bellhops and all that, but it's not exactly cheap, either. I expect mid-level service from a mid-level hotel, and they couldn't even meet that substantially lowered bar.. . Give this one a pass. There are too many other perfectly nice hotels that cost the same to bother with the Hard Rock.
First let me start with the positive:. 1.  The rooms in the HRH Tower were AMAZING..AMAZING. Be sure to ask for a higher floor though because we were on the 7th floor and we could hear and feel the thumping of Vanity Nightclub, nothing crazy but if you were on a lower floor it would be a problem.. 2.  Out of all of the casinos we went to the cocktail waitresses at the Hardrock were the best and most efficient.  We were never without a drink.. . Problems:. 1.  On New Years Eve we went to the Bell Desk to arrange for a limo to take us to dinner that night.  We really weren't sure if it would be possible due to the time we made the request and the fact that it was NYE.  However, we were assured it wouldn't be a problem and to come down at 5:30 and our limo would be waiting.  We come down at 5:30...no limo.  The bell staff present had no clue about our limo.  Lucky enough (or so we thought) a limo pulled up to the HRH entrance to let guests off.  The Bell Staff was kind enough to arrange for us to take that limo.  We should have know we were in for an interesting ride when the limo driver started driving off when our party was still getting into the limo.  Nevertheless, we all got in and on our way we went.  About 5 minutes after we left the Hard Rock our limo driver informed us that he would need to drop us off at the Flamingo Hotel instead of Ceasars because he had an emergency.  Trying to be understanding, we agreed.  However, as we approached the limo driver got nervous because they started shutting down the Strip and he pulled off into a side street/alley and made us get out..  So we walked in our party dresses and heals (it was freezing cold that night).. . While I understand that the what the Limo Company does is not the problem of the Hard Rock, the whole problem started because the Bell Person didn't make the arrangements.. . When I complained the next day the desk clerk looked at me with sheer horror on her face.  She was very kind and helpful and directed me to the right people for my complaint.  I got a call from the Head of the Bell Desk telling me that the person I spoke with wasn't actually a Bellman, but rather a limo concierge service (from my understanding not really employed by the Hard Rock) and thus I should call those people.  At this point I would like to point out that the person I spoke to was standing behind the Bell Desk, doing Bellman type things, was dressed EXACTLY LIKE A BELLMAN...but apparently, I should have known that he wasn't a Bellman.  Frankly, if you dress like a bellman, act like a bellman, and stand where a bellman stands (and the hotel knows this and condones this) your a freaking bellman and thus, the Hard Rock is responsible for your actions.  However, the Manager of the Bellmen simply passed the buck.  Thankfully, the manager of the front desk got back to me and gave us a $50 credit to our room, didn't offer one to the rest of our party even though they got stranded too.. . 2.  When we arrived at the Hard Rock it was still very early in terms of checking in, which we fully understood.  So they told us they would text us when our room was ready. Great, that is awesome...or so I thought.  We made ourselves busy, gambling and exploring.  Several hours later around 2pm we decided to check on the status of our room, no not ready yet and assured us we would get a text.  Finally 3:15 came around (check-in starts at 3pm) we decided to just double check on our room as we were really tired from traveling.  Sure enough our room was ready.  Thank god we asked about our room because we got a text at about 8:30 p.m. telling us our room was ready...oiee...thank god we didn't wait for that text to come (5 hours after check-in was supposed to start).. . 3.  When we originally booked the rooms, we put both room deposits on my card to make things a little easier.  We were assured that we could move one of the deposits to another card when everyone arrived at the hotel.  And so we did just that.  The front desk clerk assured us that the deposit I had made would be credited back to my credit card within 2 weeks, and the other person would be charged for the room deposit.  GREAT, easy enough.  Well, we got out final bill and everything seemed fine.  The other party got a bill for $550 with no explanation as to why it was so high...it was just that way.  2 weeks came and went...no credit.  Finally, I called and was told they had no record of our request and that the other party was charged only $354 instead of $550.  So after arguing with the person, they finally agreed to put the charges in the right card and credit me.  We shall see if this actually happens.  We are still confused why the Hard Rock's invoice said the other party would be charged $550...considering even now with the $133 charge put on their card they will now pay $484 (the correct amount for the rooms).. . The Hotel looks nice and the rooms are great, but they have major Customer Service problems.
As many previous Yelpers mentioned Hard Rock Hotel (HRH) didn't live up to my expectations either.. . - lopsided bed, $15 hidden resort fee, no free wifi, smokey in hallways (should separate nonsmoking area from smoking), Starbucks cost 2x as much, Mr. Lucky's restaurant promotions don't work on holidays even though they promoted it that way, dimly lit bathrooms, poor electrical wiring (light switches didn't always turn on lights and some turned off all), fan blew directly towards bed and not able to be changed direction, insulation not well because we could hear our loud neighbors, direction of check-in is terrible (didn't realize there were several towers with different check-ins and parking garages).. . + TV wasn't blasting loudly when you first turn it on, comforters were extremely comfortable, rock and roll decoration and photos.. . Targeted towards a specific crowd, tattooed, 20s & 30s. Across the street, you can get really good German food! It's actually not that close to the Strip as you think it is. It's at least 2 miles. (I measured it when I drove). So it would be not recommended to walk, unless you don't mind the distance and have time to spare.. . I will not stay here again nor recommend it.
This place used to be the sh*t. Now it's as cool as TGI Fridays. I rented a room at the hrh towers and had security came by twice because our sound system (which they provide) was too loud. Over it. This place is done-ville.
Oops, I forgot...I hate casinos and this one is no different than any other.  I was talked into going.
So when did I turn into a curmudgeon lol?? I was sooooo excited about staying here. I've partied in the casino circle bar before and had a blast but.... Overall, hotel looks cool, new, fun and plush in pics and I loved that it was off the strip (closer to LVCC for me) but.....I didn't like it. As my friends all know now the hotel stressed me out LOL. Too much black and white, no soothing colors. I was here for 6 days for work (2 for fun) and short of the food (was amazing!) nothing about this place relaxed me or said "home" to me while I'm staying there. Nothing against the place but its all old and smokey now. People are loud in the hallways most nights. The party should stay on the casino floor no??? . . The beds were hard, the pillows too soft. It took 4 to feel anything lol. I have to quote my friend when she said that the hotel is called Hard Rock because the beds are hard as rocks hahaha. I did LOVE the tub though. I stayed in the Paradise tower (by starbucks) and the tubs were like jacuzzi's! A big perk for me after being on my feet all day at a show. I felt save in the rooms because the doors are so heavy I didn't feel anybody being able to push the doors down to get in haha. Feels kinda like being in a bank vault (my friends quote again :) ). . . I also liked that the overall hotel was small so it was fast and easy to get to/from garage to my car daily. No time wasted on valet this time :) My bf also loves the gambling on the floor. He loved the tables (although the tables did not love him lol) and the machines. Drinks were expensive $10 at the bar or wait for waitress, while gambling on the tables and tip $5 each time or more if you want to see her often. I'm used to penny slots with frequent waitress visits with couple dollar tips! Economy hard for them too right??? . . I'd recommend staying here only if you are in fraternity/sorority here on spring break, if you are having a singles/bachelorette/bachelor weekend, on a kinky weekend away trying to save your relationship or if you are cougar/sugar daddy hunting lol. Otherwise, I would only come here to party and be on my way :)
The only reason my friends want to stay at the Hard Rock is because of Rehab. . I like the restaurants: Rare 120 & Nobu. . The hotel isn't bad, but it isn't that good either.. Even though I didn't pay for the room or even for the trip, . I don't plan on staying here again.
When I booked this hotel through Southwest Vacations, it was my understanding that it included all associated costs.  Upon check-in the agent told us there would be a resort fee of $15/day for use of the hotel gym so we decided not to use it for that reason alone.   Upon check-out, we were told I was charged an additional $50 for resort fees which are mandatory.  When I communicated what we were told upon check-in,  there was no apology or willingness to compromise or admit any kind of blame.  On top of that, we asked for a late check-out  time for Sunday.  We were told we'd have to call back the morning of so we did and were then informed that there's no late check-outs allowed.  They did give us an option of paying $40 to stay until 6 p.m. that day.  I felt like they were trying to get money from us anyway they could and everything was an add on.  Lastly, Rehab (the pool) was consistently a pain to get into.  The bouncer actually told me I couldn't take my pack of gum in so I asked if we could leave it on the table and grab it on the way out.  We were only at the pool for 10 minutes tops and when we went to pick up the gum, most of it was gone.  I'm not sure if the bouncer chewed it or just allowed randoms to take it but we thought that was all really weird.  I know it's a silly thing but it was unreal.  Be prepared for added costs and issues at the Hard Rock.
My fiancee and I stayed at HRH last May. We were pretty stoked since we were coming from a fresh, long winter in Montana and were looking forward to some R&R. However, customer service here does not allow for R&R. For some reason the phone became this insane issue on their part, the pools were randomly closed at the discretion of whomever. The people working in HRH are clearly annoyed by the people who frequent the resort because getting help was an issue. Overall, we will give it a 2 star because we liked the rooms and the pools (that were open). However at this point in our life, saving a few bucks is not worth the commute back and forth to the Strip, customer service was hardly good, plus the crowd is much better at several spots we found during our trip - clearly, our next time will be best spent elsewhere and this June we are headed to the Cosmopolitan. HRH failed to live up to the hype and we recognize this.
I chose to stay at the Hard Rock in Vegas because it was the cheapest rate for the days I needed for a business trip. . . It is way off the strip so that is to be noted.. . The Hard Rock will always be the hard rock. It is catered to a younger crowd and loud music plays non-stop. There's no shortage of groups of males walking around scoping out the ladies. . . The room itself:. . I was put in the Paradise Tower and told at check-in that a King wasn't available so I'd get a queen. There was also a mention of a $15 resort fee. I asked if it included wifi as other hotels on the strip include that as part of the fee. I was told that it did not and wifi was additional. When pressed what the resort fee covered, I was told "amenities, such as free parking and the gym". So basically, the 'cheap' room rate just skyrocketed.. . The rooms are quite a bit back from the actual 'lobby'. Just be warned that if you have lots of luggage, you will be walking quite a ways. . . My room was on the 14th floor and overlooked the parking lot. The first thing I noticed is the scruff marks on the door as well as on the walls. The room also smelled musty and the AC wasn't on. The halls have a smoky smell lingering from all the other guests. . . The bed itself seems very comfortable and the toiletries don't seem so bad. The lights by the bed won't work though which is interesting. There is one lamp by the TV which seems to work. . . Other reviewers mentioned the pool being restrictive and it definitely is. They have a security guard who stands out front of it and big signs enforcing their "rules". They also have signs in the lobby noting their dress code after 8pm. Seems a bit much for me and way off the strip.
This is the perfect Vegas hotel for a 21-year-old who is broke.  For business travelers, not so much.  As a reference, I stayed at Casino Tower.. . First, let's start  off with the good things:. 1) Room was very spacious and clean. 2) Bed was comfortable. 3) Center bar was never too crowded, and it was very easy to get a bartender. 4) Taxi line was very efficient. . Now the bad:. 1) $13.99 per day for Internet. 2) Hotel constantly reeked of smoke and whatever air spritzer they put in to try to cover up the smoke.  Even my non-smoking room smelled of smoke. 3) Restaurants were awful. 4) If there was a "younger crowd," I didn't see it, unless that's what they call the "trashy 40-50-year-old set."  Although I was entertained for a good two hours watching some guys with mullets hit on some 55-year-old blondes in miniskirts. . 5) Hot water took FOREVER (I mean, more than 10 minutes) to get to the showers. 6) The hotel is about a $15 cab ride (tip included) to anywhere you would really want to go
We went here for the Mr Lucky's $4.99 steak and egg special, which was a decent breakfast on the cheap.  It was in line with Denny's and the like, but for $4.99 it was pretty much the best breakfast deal I could find.  . . We also walked around in the hotel for a bit after breakfast.  This place appeals to a very specific demographic.  The people watching was pretty entertaining.  I felt like I had wandered into an episode of Jersey Shore or MTV Spring Break.  . . I would never stay here overnight or for any length of time, but breakfast was alright and the people watching was kinda fun.
The accommodations were nice but it has a confusing layout with no signs to explain where you are or where to go. The human element of the staff is Severely Lacking: not enough people at the front desk for check in so it was a long wait, valet parking said our vehicle would go in the underground garage and instead it was left outside, the Rockstar Club staff gave misinformation on signup and the attitude was very ghetto and indignant when questioned. "I never told you that!" I know; you weren't the one I talked to, honey. The greeters at the Lucky 24/7 cafe didn't even say a word except "follow me", and although the waitress was very functional, she didn't offer to refill our coffee and was very impersonal. For the mistakes that were made, not once did we hear even an "I'm sorry", instead they couldn't have cared less ~ we were cattle just like the rest of the tourist. All in all, very unimpressive and surprising how poor the overall customer service was. For the money, there's better.
Went Memorial Day weekend and they gave away our rooms twice. Absolutely unacceptable. We checked in the first day and had to get a room with one bed instead if the two we booked for. They gave away our room but promised us a suite the next day and assured us that the room was reserved and locked in for us. we called in the morning and they said they were cleaning it and they would call us. We checked the registration desk and they gave it away again. . . Horrible experience and will never stay here again. Definitely avoid on holidays. You might end up with a room nothing like you booked and they will just say sorry, nothing we can do. I will say that the bell staff and other staff are very friendly and were the only reason why I gave it two stars instead of one.
I will give HRH a few points as I believe that the decor was out of this world for anyone who just loves rock and roll. That's unfortunately not me. Moreover, the dimness and darkness of the hotel lobby bothered me greatly. The pool, on the other hand, was PHENOMENAL. Just AMAZING. Sadly, I would not go out of my way off-strip for a place I find unsettling that comes with poor gaming. I lost non-stop on the slots. :(
Second time staying at the HRH. Our "non-smoking" room had the strongest smoke scent when we entered. The room never felt CLEAN, the entire stay I was never confident as to how clean the room/floors were. The TV remote didn't work and there were no controls on the actual TV. Housekeeping would come in after knocking ONCE. Both times it happened, I told the lady that we would be leaving in 10 minutes and asked her to come back later -- both times, never happened.. . I received an email about the $45 rate for the Wiz Khalifa concert. After changing my hotel accommodations to utilize this special, I was sorely disappointed upon check out and having $70 extra in "resort fees and room revenue." Ruined my entire experience. Truly...everything I have listed about the cleanliness of the room, etc. I was fine ignoring because EDC had just passed and I figured everyone was slammed with crazy guests and a lot of mess. But when I had to check out and found out the extra charges had occurred (and you're not even allowed to use the REFRIGERATOR for free! What is that?!), it definitely took all the little annoyances and made my stay regrettable. Won't be returning.. . I did give it an extra star because the pool was nice, free and not too crowded with some music in the background.
The one good thing this place has going for it is the beds - super comfy, made it hard to get up from a nap and go out!  Oh, and the rock memorabilia was very cool as well. The room could have been cleaner.  Everything was really dusty, including the items on the snack tray.  We arrived just after 8am on Saturday morning of Fourth of July weekend, and we were pleasantly surprised to get a room right away.  However, the staff wasn't particularly friendly.  Not rude, but just not friendly.  We had breakfast at Mr. Lucky's, then hit the pool.  We went to the Rehab pool first, where we would've had to purchase $100 in food and drinks each to use a lounge chair.  So we wandered to the "family pool" where we could occupy lounge chairs without a food/drink minimum.  It was frustrating that they don't allow any outside food or drinks, not even water or gum!  So when we went to the bar to get a beer we would get a cup of ice too, and either let it melt down or fill it at the water fountain near the bathrooms.  Since we weren't staying Sunday night, we weren't given free admission to Rehab on Sunday, which was fine because we didn't really think that would be our scene anyway. . . I'll miss their beds next time I'm in Vegas, but I probably won't stay here again.
Before all the renovations and stints on reality TV this place was the party hotel that wanted you to have a great time and did everything in their power to make your stay memorable. Now it's a hotel with very pretty rooms and a pretentious staff. Front desk sent us on a wild goose chase for our room. Vanity was a ghost town that reeked of fresh vomit. :/. Bartender said $24 for the 3 drinks, we paid on card vs.cash and price went up to $38? Pool is a fiasco for guests who visit you. They need to go through a separate line and pay $40. It's a good one night hotel, but there are so many better options in Vegas.
First vacation trip for me and my wife after having our baby. Thought we could do a 3 night Vegas trip since we both love to party, get dressed up and do it big! We looked at a lot of places, but at the last minute found a great deal online for an upgraded suite at the HRH towers and booked it. (Wish I could go back knowing what I know now). We paid extra to get a pool view and a larger King and upon arrival we were greeted by a very nice brunette girl who was very helpful. . .  As soon as we got into the room we were completly blown away! We thouhgt it was a great room, fully upgraded, white on grey and black funiture -very modern with two back-to-back tvs, ipod docking station, super comfortable-plush bed, huge bath with rain shower and 3 ft deep tub!. .  At this point, you are probably wondering why the two stars (ill get to that). We noticed right off the bat that since we were on the fourth floor we didnt have much of a view, we got over that quick but come to find out later it would be worse than we initially thought (ill explain a lil later). First time out of our room we were still on our Vegas high.On the way out we noticed that there was an unusal amount of housekeeping activity going on our floor but thought it was normal being the weekend was starting and lots of people coming in. Nearly 8 carts and what appeared to be at least 10 maids.. . After a great dinner, music and checking out the new hotels we headed back early so we can get up in time to do breakfast and get to the pool early. Woke up, breakfast at Mr Luckys (pretty good actually) and hit the pool. Overpaid for drinks but enjoyed the pool where rehab takes place. We get back to our floor to find out there was still an unusual amount of housekeeping activity going on. Strange because we had been gone for at least 5 hours. . . We chilled for a couple hours, then showered, changed and left but made one crucial mistake...I left my wedding ring in my suitcase along with a dog tag chain. I hid it  since my finger swels sometimes when I drink. My wife had hung up her bikini up on the hook to dry. We left for the strip and made sure to put up the no maid service sign on our door. Ahh...mistake.. . Sure enough, roughly three hours later, we get back and of course, our room has been cleaned. Cleaned out was more like it! My ring was gone and so was my wifes bottoms to her bikini!! Seriously people? Ya! Really strange considering I hid my ring in my suitcase. Although I was pi**ed off at my ring being gone, I was more mad at myself for trusting the staff. The one thing that bothered us most, was the fact the bikini bottom was gone!! Like WTF??! Some perv came in here and took it? Luckly my ring although really nice wasnt super expensive but more sentimental, naturally.. . The next day we get back from exploring to find our door is open and the maid inside, who greeted us with a blank stare and guilty look on her face, so she says,  sorry - so sorry and ran out before we could even say hi to her- really strange!!! So I catch up to her and told her in Spanish, hey by any chance you see my wedding ring? Of course she says no. I asked her if she does find it to please put it on the nightstand. She says OK but quickly walks off.. . The Next day we get back from doing our thing, roughly three hours, only to find out that my wedding ring was sitting on top of my clothes inside my suitcase like it was there the whole time!! I had torn the room and my luggage apart when I noticed it was missing and all of a sudden its sitting right there as soon as I open it?!! NO F'n WAY!! Clearly, it was put back. Still no sign of the bottoms though. . . In conclussion, the room service was incredible, try the Seared Ahi Salad- Ah-may-zing!! We had a great time, but just really f***ing creepy that someone came in to our room to take my ring and the bottoms to a bikini?! It was an expensive bikini so I know if it was a girl, she knew what she was doing but what if it was some perv guy that works there? Creepy creepy creepy! I dont know bout you, but that s**t is scary. God only knows what else they did that went unnoticed. One thing I CAN tell you after doing research about this after, speaking to my brother in law whos best friend turns out is the resort manager at the COSMO- none of the older hotels do criminal or background checks on their staff!!! Do you believe that s***?! Its only the newer and more pricy hotels that make it mandatory. Needless to say, although there were some great things we enjoyed about it, the cons completly outweighed the stay. Cabs are 12-15 a pop to get to the strip everytime, small casino, the night club was awfull, and just didnt have that vibe we were looking for. IMO, its better to stay on the stip at a newer hotel but PLEASE lock up everything when you go!!! The only reason I got my ring back is because I confronted the maid who we caught in our room (luckily)- she knew I got a good look at her after it was gone.
As a past guest over 3 years ago, I was attracted to the HRH's lower rates for this particular (Summer) weekend, and the convenient location for REHAB on Sunday, so I booked a 3-Night stay (Fri-Mon). However, during our stay, my friend and I realized why the rates are so low compared to the other, newer hotels in Vegas.  . . First of all, I was surprised to see that the cleanliness and maitenance of the rooms have deteriorated since my prior visits, and nothing has been done to upgrade or match other nicer hotels.  The rooms and bathrooms are dirtier than I remember, and our particular room smelled like smoke.  Furthermore, none of our shampoo/conditioner/lotion convenience items were replaced at all on 2 of the 3 days during our stay.  . . I used to come here in the past to hang at the 'Circle Bar' located in the center of the casino area....and it used to be a great 'meet' spot for women, however, women are hanging out at other hotels (esp. Cosmopolitan and Encore) now, even when not going to clubs, etc.  HRH is a "sword-fight" now for simply hanging out.  REHAB is pretty much the same from what I remember, definitely NOT better or improved, and I've come to realize that the actual pool iteself sucks compared to the other newer hotels and their pool-party options now.  After spending time at the pool parties outside REHAB, you will get the same thing at the Palms, Wet Republic, Encore, Cosmopolitan's Marquis, etc., with a contemporary and hip scene, as well as state-of-the-art stereo and almost concert-like experiences.  REHAB used to be THE place, but is mediocre at best now.  If you've been in the past, try another spot from what I hear, you're better off.  We only went to REHAB because we thought as a guest we would possibly receive preferential treatment compared to Non-Guests. NOT!!!  I realize being a guy I would have to wait in line, but girls staying at the hotel also had to wait in line and pay $75 cover just to use the pool on Sunday.  It's $60 before noon I think.  There is NO benefit to you at all as a guest at HRH in getting into REHAB.  No special line or rates, etc.  . . Finally, during our automated ('Quick') checkout via the room tv, we discovered there was a $20/day "Resort Fee" added to our weekend hotel bill.  Upon calling the front desk, it was explained to me that this is a MANDATORY extra charge given to every room for WiFi/Internet access, etc., even if you don't use it, or didn't bring a laptop in the first place!!!    Staff on phone stated that this was explained to me in detail upon check-in, and since I was the one checking us in that weekend (sober I might add), I assure you that it was NOT explained at all.  . . These are the little EXTRA 'bend over' charges that were hidden upon booking room at HRH, and I will NOT be staying here in the future.  There are better options in Vegas now elsewhere, you will see if you don't already know...
I just got back from a two day stay.   I won't be back to the hotel but  I won't tell you that you shouldn't or discourage you from going.. . Aesthetically, there is a very nice feel throughout the entire property, and the rooms were top notch for the price.  I felt comfortable and the bed was among the most comfortable I've slept in.  Granted, sleeping is about the only thing that I did within the walls of the resort.. . The things that make me hesitant to stay again are that... while I don't mind paying a resort fee for things that I use, I don't like paying a resort fee for things that I don't or get denied use. I'll elaborate.. . 1)  We paid the $17.00 fee for valet, shuttle and fitness center, but were denied use of the valet service because they were "too backed up".. twice.. . 2) We didn't need the shuttle due to driving our own car.. . 3) We didn't use the fitness center because.... we just didn't.. . . Aside from that.. the only other tidbit of annoyance stemmed from being interrupted by the IT service man because there is a router in every three rooms, and mine happened to be the one in which the router was malfunctioning. . . Take from this what you will.   The service was good.  The attitude was professional and courteous and it is it's own bubbled paradise. . . Infamous one sentence review of Hard Rock Hotel: . . "It may be the most rad place that you'll stay in Vegas, but it just wasn't for me"
I stayed here in their HRH Suites on August 15, 2011. I rented two suites, both of which were dirty!! .  The front desk staff was very incompetent. Other guests were pretty irate and yelling! One angry man demanded a manager and the front desk girl in a very childish voice calls the manager on the phone Stating "I need you" What in the world? I was angry but I chose not to yell even though they didn't have their stuff together at all.  We had to wait until late evening until we were even able to get into our 2nd room!!! They "compensated" us with a late checkout. This wasn't enough based on all the crap we had to deal with. When we finally got our dirty second room, (which we supposedly had to wait for so they could clean it HA!!!) the key didn't even work!! I had to make about 5 trips down to the front desk trying to get everything taken care of. HORRIBLE!!!.  I stayed in the suites with the 2 queen beds. The sitting area, though separate from the bedroom, was pretty cramped. It was basically a normal sized bedroom with doors and a wall put up..  The sound system wasn't very loud. The sound comes through the TV, or a little bedside radio. It did give you a variety of different stations and songs that you could play. You could also play your iPhone through it, so that I liked. .     They had 2 of the 42" flat screen TVS. One was in the "living room" and the other in the bedroom, but only one remote??! "Hey honey can you run on in here and change the channel for me! Thanks!!!".  The bathtubs looked nice but after seeing how housekeeping cleaned the rest of the suite I opted to not take a soak.. The beds were big fluffy and comfy. However in the 2nd Suite we could only sleep on one of the beds because the other had hairs on it! Guess that's why we had to wait till evening, so they could sprinkle dirt and crumbs on the couches and leave a helping of hairs on the beds. Oh they also thought it best not to wipe the brown stuff off of the walls in the toilet area. That was a lovely touch!! Couple that with the clumps of hair and dirt on the carpets and you have an award winning stay!!!. In the morning we ordered room service. There were 6 of us and our bill came to about $164.00. We paid for stale pastries and croissants, watery orange juice, cold bacon, cold pancakes, salt with a little bit of hash browns, sunny side up eggs instead of the scrambled eggs we asked for, sausage that looked like it was barely cooked, yogurt parfait, and chicken fried steak. They forgot our order of tea and the extra side of scrambled eggs we asked for. The coffee was however hot so yay for getting that one right!! The best part of it all is that we had to wait about an hour and half for our cold and disgusting breakfast!!!. They do have a great pool area though!. I would never want to stay there again. . . Resort Fee was about $20.00 and included wi-fi
Seems to be losing it's luster and cool factor.  Now it's just a dark, dreary looking casino with only a few odd shops sprinkled inside.  Don't think I'd stay here as it seems overrun with aging douchebags and their golden-pussy girlfriends.
I have stayed here twice in as many years around an event my company puts on, and this review will be an amalgam of both experiences.. . What sticks out in my mind about my first visit was the check-in.  I pulled up front, and followed the signs to self-parking (I refuse to valet, it's just ludicrous).  It was quite a trek from the parking to the front desk, and after 3 1/2 hours of driving and having been up for 28 hours at this point, I was not feeling that.  . . So, we checked in and were told we were in the Paradise tower - though the other half of our team was in the HRH tower.  We had a bellhop come and help us with our considerable luggage and set off on the 9-mile hike from the front desk to our room in the Paradise tower.  Of course, it was the very last room on the floor, and since the self parking I was directed to was adjacent to the HRH tower, I was as far as humanly possible from my car while still being on the same property.  . . At the room at last, we go in and are greeted by an oppressive heat, and a single King sized bed.  Being on a business trip with a fellow heterosexual male, this was simply not going to work.  We called down to the front desk to get it all sorted.  We asked at that time, since we were going to have to switch rooms anyway, could we relocate to the HRH tower to be nearer to our coworkers and were told there was nothing available in that tower, but we would get another room in this same tower, and they would send the bellhop with the keys and luggage cart.. . 30 minutes later (a wait yes, but remember the distance from the front desk is ridiculous), we were on our way to our new room.  When we arrived I noticed an 'All tied up' sign on the door (I later learned this is their DND sign), still we opened the door only to discover a young couple mid-coitus.  Yes, they had assigned us to an occupied room.  . . By this time we were extremely frustrated and exhausted.  We went all the way BACK to the front desk, raised a little hell, and eventually got a room in the HRH tower (yes the one with no availability) right across the hall from our co-workers.  Ok cool, though why we were lied to earlier, I still don't know.. . The room itself had a cool aesthetic, but it was all just a veneer.  The appointments were cheap and kind of tacky, and you could see some things were already falling apart.  . . That brings us to the second trip.  This time around, the check-in was much smoother, and we got the right room on the first try, again in the Paradise tower.  A fairly average room, our one big complaint was that the beds are just waaaaaaaaaaaaaayyy too soft.  I know there are some people who like that, but I really think they should cater to the middle.  Also, the closet in which they place the toilet and shower is joke.  Additionally, on the first night, I was so dehydrated that I splunked down for a $7.50 1L bottle of Smart Water.  I still had a bout a third of it left sitting on the nightstand the next morning.  When we came back to the room, the maid had removed it!  WTF?!?!  There was still like $3 worth of water in there.  Bad form, very very bad form. . . . The rating overall reflects my frustration with the service on our first stay, the overall lack of attention to detail, the inconvenient location with respect to the strip, and the 'we are trying too hard to be cool' vibe that permeates the place.. . I think you can do better.
After convincing my friends to reserve at HRH vs. Cosmopolitan, had a lackluster experience at HRH.  Pushed my friends hard to stay here as it was a smaller and easier to navigate hotel - NOBU is fantastic.  Unfortunately, that was it.  Due to HRH assigning my room to someone else, we weren't able to check in for multiple hours, forcing us to re-arrange as well as miss some parts of our plans.  After multiple fiascos with re-keying the wrong room, giving our room to another group NOT in our party, and locking us out of room where we were already checked-in, the final straw came when manager came to fix issue, offered a $50 credit WHICH WAS LEFT OFF WHEN I CHECKED OUT - I had to call back and remind the manager of the situation - she promptly credited me the amount. Prior to her entrance into the process, had a hostile check-in agent (verifiable by 2 others in my party) who wouldn't help us and arguably told us that there was nothing we could do to get into OUR room, even tho it was their hotel check-in system that was preventing this.  As for the room, wiring was confusing - in order to keep bathroom light on, needed to turn on a switch in the bedroom.  BEWARE, one of our party had a "room check" where hotel staff came into the room UNANNOUNCED. As we were in the room, we asked what this was - they said it was standard policy.  We're a group of 40 yr old dads in corporate management - why check our rooms without permission?  completely unacceptable and shady.  Whole experience made me look bad as I had pushed for this - multiple comments from my party.  I had let the hotel know about my experience and was informed 3 TIMES that a manager would contact me - still no response, so posted my review.
The hard rock hotel use to be the one and only hotel where I stayed at in Las Vegas.  I would stay at the resort without leaving to any other place.  I partied at the pool parties and nightclubs, ate at Mr. Lucky's, Nabu, or pink tacos, and gambled at the establishment.. . Recently, I went and I forgot to bring my promo code, well I got treated like a cheap skate... I told the gentleman at the counter  if he would still honor the promo since I left it at home and he said... NOPE, that I would need to call some casino number.  So he gave me the number and I spoke to this woman which she basically said .."you no bring, you pay full price" . . I think I deserve better from all the money I have thrown their way over the years. . Oh well, recently I booked a room at Paris hotel and it was awesome.  Now, I'm exploring new places because I left my promo code at home.  Thanks HRH!
I stayed here this weekend and am so not the demographic that this hotel is geared for ( 38 yrs old) but it had the best price so we booked it. . . Good: . Multiple overpriced stores where you could get snacks and beverages. Very soft and nice beds and pillows. Concert venue very nice (got free Don Henley tics). Was able to get an early check in. . Bad: . Dark rooms- screwy lights. Shower fixture fell off in my hand. Cheap with towels- had to ask to get more as they only left 2 big ones and some pathetic small ones, . LOUD. Paradise tower may have well been in eqypt. . If I was going to a concert here again I'd stay but if not THE HOTEL at Mandalay is my hotel of choice.
Hard rock is an okay place, if you plan on staying in the hotel for your whole entire trip. There's $18 resort fee per day and they also put $50 on hold per day on your card.. . We spent $65 per day on cabs, going back and forth to the strip and to the hotel. We were on a budget, but ended up spending more money at the end of our trip. . . Also if you think about walking it to the strip, good luck to you. You'll have to walk by a busy high way street with bums hanging out on the side street.  It was just really hard to get around and have fun because everything was too far.. . My advice is to spent that extra $50 and stay in the middle of the strip. You will thank me later.
I recently stayed at the Hardrock Hotel & Casino in Vegas.  My wife and I don't get a lot of opportunity to vacation.  So we decided to make it a bit more special by upgrading to a jr suite.  I booked and paid for the room in advance.  When we showed up to check in there was an added $20 a day hidden resort fee.  I wasn't too thrilled about paying it but I was tired and just wanted to head up to our room.  After gettingto our room I wasn't really impressed.  The lights in the room are overly complicated to use.  Very poor design in my oppinion.  After figuring out how to shut down all of the lights I realized I couldn't shut off the light directly over my bed.  So I called the front desk and they sent a person up to repair the light.  Then I woke up early in the morning and realized the toilet doesn't flush.  So I called the front desk again.  They said an engineer would be up to fix it soon.  I left to go check out the strip and returned several hours later to find the toilet still did not work.  So I called the front desk again.  They sent somone up to bring us a key for another room.  After my 2 night stay at the Hardrock I was now ready to check out.  The front desk asked me how my stay was?  I told them it wasn't that great and explained my frustrations.  He apalogized and waived one night of the hidden $20 added resort charges.  I can understand rooms are not always perfect but they really didn't live up to my expectations.  The biggest bummer is seeing how little they care when there is a problem.  Hardrock will not have another opportunity for my business.
meh. Came here for the AEE and was disappointed. I haven't been in the actual rooms here so take my review lightly if you're planning on booking a stay here. . . Hard Rock is about a 5 minute cab ride from the strip. Not too bad. The casino area is so yuck. Dim lights create that concert type feel which I don't have a problem with. However, the AIR... OMG. The cigarette smoke is the equivalent to LA smog during rush hour cramped into this itty bitty space. If I were ever to die from second hand I would blame it on my visit here. If everyone was smoking weed I'd have a contact high in like 3 seconds.. . That was a huge turn off. They have a Pink Taco here, pretty cool, along with a starbucks and some cool little shops. Nothing really stands out if you're just planning to stop by and see what's going on.
Stayed at HRH recently since the conference I was attending was held at the hotel.  Bottom line: it's dim, stuffy, noisy and chaotic.  Rooms were OK, but a bit dinged up.  Pluses: rock memorabilia, nice staff, and comfortable beds.  Be aware that the popular-priced eating options (Pink Taco and Mr. Lucky's) are especially crowded at lunch and breakfast and you'll be standing in a line.  If you want to escape to an area with more choices (the Strip), you'll be standing in a taxi line or taking a 1.1 mile hike.  Not my cup of tea, but if you're in LV for a 20-something bachelor party I guess it would be great fun.
Hard Rock Hotel was a major disappointment for my weekend stay. First, booked a room with a king-sized bed and then was promptly told at check-in that they only had two doubles available. Second, after arriving in the room (on the 3rd floor) I noticed that half of the lights were broken and dirty (dust everywhere) and the floors and bathroom were also dirty. . . Next, no one mentioned that apparently if you are on a lower level you will feel and hear the bass from the casino music until all hours of the night. Finally, around 2am I called the front desk because it was impossible to sleep with the noise and the front desk moved us to the 2nd floor because of course 'nothing else was available' but farther away from the casino and over Starbucks instead of the casino. Fortunately, the room was a bit quieter but unfortunately, a hell of a lot uglier and dirtier (half of the items in the mini bar were missing...dear God please don't let me get charged) with pistachio shells sprinkled about the entire room. Also, just as an FYI for you late sleepers, if your room faces the pool (even though it's winter and empty) they start blaring music from the loudspeakers at about 8am until God knows when at night. Really? I know this is Hard Rock Hotel but please respect your guest a bit better! I could really do without listening to Katy Perry yodeling over the loud speakers at 9am that are 3 inches from the room window. . . Overall, I was completely unimpressed with the hotel, the room, and the service. I will never stay at this hotel again. If you are unlucky enough to have to stay at the hotel, I highly recommend checking in early and demanding a room on a higher level (although I hear the top levels have a lot of airplane noise).. . On a last note, refrain from ordering room service. I ordered room service for breakfast and I have never in my life been charged $26 (because of course all orders charge for a delivery fee and 20% gratuity) for 2 eggs, 2 pieces of toast, a clump of hashbrowns, and nasty bacon. Almost $30 for a meal that surely cost about $2 to make...painful!!
This place is horrible. Drinks are good but few things they forgot..that he remote control and blow dryer does not work, the mirrors in the bathroom are moldy, security are douche bags and charged us with things we didn't use!!!
Dark, loud and definitely not an ideal location. Mediocre dining options and an overall less than mediocre atmosphere. Went on a groupon deal and the front desk was great...got an upgraded room which was very nice. However, will not be returning to this hotel/casino again.
Least favorite hotel in Vegas (Cosmo, Mirage, Encore). Unbeatable rates (i.e.: $69/room) if you need a deal but off the Strip location makes Hard Rock rather inconvenient. Loud, smoky lobby/bar. Would be fine to come party here but not to stay. . . Casino Tower - AVOID. Co-worker had a plumbing disaster, which flooded his bathroom. Another co-worker was prematurely checked out by accident, ALL her belongings were MOVED TO LOST AND FOUND, she was room-less until 4am on a Thursday. Unacceptable.. . Was originally checked into a smoking room in Paradise Tower despite clearly requesting non-smoking on my original reservation. Staff swiftly upgraded to HRH Suites.. . HRH Suites is nice and quiet. Stunning bathroom with smoked glass doors, fantastic lighting controls. Living room furniture appeared a bit worn, unfortunately. Bedroom suite doors essentially soundproof the bedroom, which is awesome.  Has separate entrance, which is very convenient for hailing cabs.
I was surprised at the quality of the Hard Rock. The halls to the restaurants and stores give off an old, need-a-makeover vibe.  Where is their money going? The casino and area immediately surrounding the casino look nice and kept up, and the "beautiful people" add to the dressed-up appearance. But elsewhere I felt the place looked run-down. . . We went to the pool for the recent reggae event.  My friend told me that when celebs perform at the pool and you see the area on TV, it looks very nice.  In person, I was underwhelmed. The pool itself looked fine, but the water isn't heated so the swimmers were freeeeezing, which was pretty amusing.  . . The extra-sized "chaises" looked cheap and worn, though they were comfortable enough to relax on for the couple of hours we were there.  The cabanas were pretty simple with very cheap-looking seating. They are wired and contained a flatscreen TV on some wooden furniture. Some people turned on their TV and had it playing loudly during part of the concert, and they weren't even in the cabana. RUDE.. . Outside the cabanas were overhead misters- at least in front of some of them.  I would not have spent the extra money for a cabana- they were absolutely nothing special.   Sprucing up the seating areas and updating the colors and fabrics would do a lot for this area because design-wise, it's not a horrible space. The view is better after dark, when floodlights of changing colors highlight the hotel, and a roving spotlight livens up the place. After dark you can't see the worn out, uninspired furnishings.  . . The people there for the concert leaned towards young, so there was some roughhousing and, shall we say, "poor etiquette" amongst some of the crowd, but nothing ever got out of hand or particularly unpleasant, outside the strange TV incident. The sound system was great and the stage was easily viewable past the standing crowed, even from the cabana area across the pool.. . Security could stand to learn how to treat customers. Some of them looked sloppy, and did not come across as professional.  We were allowed to enter the pool area after showing our tickets, but then another security guard rudely (with a condescending smile) told us that if we didn't have wristbands, we  needed to "go right back out those doors".  We didn't need wristbands. I don't mind mistakes, but don't be a jerk.. . I wasn't impressed enough to want to come back to the Hard Rock.
Ehh, it was alright. Much better choices closer to the strip.
I'm probably between a 2-3 star rating on this one.  GET OFF THE FENCE AND CHOOSE A STAR SCHMMAMIT.... So, I settled on a 2.. Keep in mind, I think anyone that spends time in their hotel room in Vegas other than the Triple S (shave, shit, shower) combo is beyond words.. . The Pros - . Decor is top of the line.  Everything in the place is interesting to look at.  Even the elevators have interesting song lyrics on the railing type thing - "Take me down to the paradise city...", etc.. The beds are like sleeping on a cloud.  They have so much fluff, you almost hate going back to your bed - I said ALMOST.... There are tons of snacks and drinks in the room that, if you don't mind whoring yourself out to pay the extreme costs for, you can enjoy....yeesh!. The view is really cool.  We scoped out the pool scene before heading down so that we could find a spot.. . The Cons - . This is the biggest one - Pay Attention..... You are a mile from the strip.  Forget about walking anywhere.  You're going to have to have/rent a car, or pay a cab, etc.  This is a huge....I said HUGE pain in the rear.  You pay a lot for the hotel, the flight out there, the food, etc.  Instead of putting the money into a rental or cabs, just pay a few bucks more and stay on the strip.  You'll thank me later.. Honestly, the rest of the cons don't matter.  In my opinion, being so far away from everything was it., but if you're really interested in things that don't matter...here they are:. There is literally a sign in the mini fridge that reads if you put your personal belongings in there, they won't stay cold.  WHAAAA?  How the hell does that shit work?  So the crap that's in there is cold, but if you put something in, it doesn'tget cold?  How does that work?  WTF?  Is there like a heat seeking laser in the back  that seeks foreign warmth and destroys?  . The shower, while interesting to look at, has cracks in the door.  READ - After your shower there is water Effin everywhere!  Think it's fun to drop anchor while you're feet are in water?  Me neither.  Disgusting.. . All in all, that stuff doesn't mean a thing.  The main thing is to find a hotel to crash at so that you can go everywhere else.  Hard Rock is great for the stuff there, but if you want to leave, it's like a major project.  That's not even taking into account if you're a dumb ass like me who forgets shit like it's a bodily function.  . . My tip is to find a place on the strip and go nuts.
This place has gotten dilapidated since it's opening.  My bathroom was moldy, a used condom was on my bed when I walked into the 2nd room they gave me.  I couldn't sleep well in the place and the staff was a little rude.  They lost my clothing at the bell desk, never found it and I left Vegas with a bad taste in my mouth.
No seating at the pool. Lots of young kids shouting and cursing in the hallways all night and morning long.   Check service was very slow and with service at Fuel. Pink taco was better than expected.
Not a big fan of Vegas, but was on the way back from picking up a car in Salt Lake City and tried Hotel Tonight and got a deal on the room...  I ignored my friends that recommended different hotels.  Not being a regular at Vegas, I trusted Hotel Tonight's categorization that said it was on the Strip (It's well off the Strip I found). . Check in was convoluted, had to walk through the casino from parking lot to check in,. . Atmosphere was like a frat house.. . Room- no coffee maker, everything cost $, the safe wasn't cleared, so I couldn't use it, the ironing board was missing, so I ironed my shirt on the floor, the TV was an OLD LCD that had jacked up aspect ratios that didn't auto sync, so the picture was horrible.... . Not a good experience, and definitely not worth even the discounted rate.
I used to love staying at the Hard Rock but now it's just worn out. The beds were comfortable and nice but the rest of the room was blahh.. The whole hotel seems to be real "tired". That hotel is due for a remodel or atleast put some new carpet in there. . . I was pretty disappointed to see it burnt out like it was.
AAAHHHHH!!! Stay away!! If you are on a budget, OK, I get it but before you sit your ass down or lay on a bed... lift up the sheets and check for "remnants" of those that come before you.  I found tons of long black hairs in between my pillows and under my blankets, I also found pubic hair!! Under my sheets AND on the toilet... Seriously, who even has pubic hair that long anymore!?  The manager DID give us a new room but finding the crumbs on the sofa along with the hairs will make me never make a reservation here again.
I'm a huge music fan and Vegas is always a good time, so when I saw a groupon deal my fiancee and I decided this would make a fun excursion. When we arrived for check-in, the attendant was friendly right up until the point where we mentioned we had the groupon. She then explained all the things it didn't cover and that we'd have to pay a resort fee even though all the pools and additional amenities were closed for renovation. The room itself was nice, but about the same as most hotels in this range in Vegas. The two stars comes from the sub par customer service. You know the douchebag bouncer types you have to deal with at a popular club? Well that's how pretty much every employee of this hotel acts. It's a shame because seeing all the memorabilia is a lot of fun. And I've visited countless Hard Rock Cafe restaurants over the years, and always had very good experiences with their customer service. We went to Mandalay Bay for our next Vegas trip and everything about the stay was superior.
The hotel is pretty nice.  My room was clean, and my stay was fine.. . However, my room was missing its "do not disturb" sign (I imagine the previous visitors took it as a souvenir since they say "All tied up" instead of DND), I was unable to keep a connection to the internet, and my TV's volume only worked for one channel.... . When I asked that the resort fee to be taken off for my 2 night stay, I was refused, stating that I HAD used the wifi (I tried, I did... but wasn't able to actually do anything), and that I hadn't asked maintenance to come fix the TV.... . I was gone almost all day both days, and didn't want someone rummaging around in the room while I wasn't there, so I didn't ask for it to be fixed... I shouldn't have to, it should work without request.  . . I was there during CES, so there was no pool use, the internet didn't work, I didn't use the fitness center, and my TV didn't work properly... they STILL wouldn't remove the resort fee ($50 for my 2 night stay).. . Disappointed.   I would have come back again next year when I was in for CES, but I'll be searching elsewhere because of this.
Stay here if it is the summer and you want to use the pool or are going for a specific concert.  Do not stay here if you want to gamble or have options outside of your hotel.  We stayed in the HRH all suites tower which is a good amount of space for the price & the beds were comfortable, other than that there is nothing to recommend about the room.  I have no idea how this is a new tower.  The couches were badly stained, some light switches do nothing, the iPod dock took a full day to load the information from my iPod, the TVs were so bad that we could not see anything when the back ground was dark (we had a movie refunded because of this), they charge $20 a day for refrigerator, in a suite.  In the poker room you were lucky to find one table running, yet for some reason they think they should run 1-3 games as if they are a popular destination.  The famed bar in the middle of the casino was empty and certainly has lost any reason to be considered a good place to meet women, the whole place was dead on super bowl weekend.  One last positive, the food is really good here.  Culinary drop out is great & the 24 hour diner is also very good.
I purchased a Groupon for two nights at HRH. The reservation process easy-peasy and I thought I got a steal with only paying $240 for two nights (Thursday/Friday; Feb 7-9). When I arrived to check in the front desk staff was rude and the attendant reprimanded me for not having my Groupon printed out. I showed her the purchased Groupon on my phone and it CLEARLY stated 'No Voucher Necessary'.. . Once we were finally checked in, we went to our room on the 11th floor in the Casino Tower. Although we requested a non-smoking room, we opened the door and our senses were bombarded with the fumes of paint with hints of smoke. Apparently they had been working on repairs in the rooms, because the smell of paint was evident throughout the entire floor. Upon further appraisal of the room the decor was fitting for the room, but the cleanliness was appalling and down right disgusting!! The bathroom was filthy, there was still remnants in the shower from the last guest and the sink and countertops still had heavy soap residue all over it. The toilet looked dirty, especially the back of the toilet (gross) and there were some questionable stains on the walls. I walked into the room and the beds looked clean, but there was stains on the night tables and vanity (clearly not wiped down at all). The floors looked like they hadn't seen a vacuum in a while! I called down to the "friendly" front desk staff asked for another room and I was told the hotel was booked due to an event and nothing else was available...that`s it! No apology, no offering to call housekeeping, nothing! I walked out of the room and tracked down a housekeeping attendant and asked her to freshen up the room. She was very annoyed, but got down to business.. . Pros:. Decor is fitting for the hotel concept. Decent variety of eateries. . Cons:. Resort fee..REALLY!?!?! Why isn't this included in the room costs??? This fee is unnecessary and the "perks" for paying it is NOT worth it!. Rude/lackluster customer service from the point of contact personnel (front desk staff). Run down..at least in the Casino Towers, and a bit unsanitary (based on the room they were going to allow me to stay in). . I`ll go elsewhere next time.
We stayed in the HRH tower, and i would NOT recommend this room if you staying with more than your significant other (unless you're a swinger).. . No locks on the bathroom door, and see through everything.. . Minimal staff - tried calling the front desk and they picked up 33% of the time.. . This location is good because you don't run into the huge crowds.. Easier to get taxi cabs and limo service.. . Free shuttle to the Fashion Show Mall from 10am-5pm everyday.. . Not a fan of their table games and their rude floor managers.. . Watch out for the "cooling" trick they play on the craps players:. If you have a hot shooter, they will turn off all the lights over that section and close down the game for 30 minutes. 30 minutes later, the shooter is cooled off.. I think this is illegal, but i guess anything goes in Vegas...
Paid in full for a 3 night stay in advance for my son's birthday. When he arrived, the hotel was "oversold" and his reserved suite was not available. I left a message & sent an email asking for an explanation. No response. I've never stayed here but it appears they need to work on customer service
Tv connection in all the rooms is a joke. Dirty bathroom, over priced room service food and average casino. Look elsewhere for this price range.
I'd give the hotel one star but they have a great gym and pool area.  . . Casino area is unremarkable.  . . The first room they put us in, our patio door opened to a noisy ac fan running on top of another building, the faucet dripped and the tv didn't work, so we asked to switch rooms.. . The second room they put us in the toilet flushedslow, the sink was clogged and once again the tv didn't work.  . . Lastly, it's way off the main strip and the casino area is unremarkable.  Also, they slide discount fliers under your door which makes the experience feel cheap.
Wow!  What a cluster "f" this was!  Purchased the Def Lepperd concert/room package for my son and his g/f for his birthday.  Through Hard Rock site mind you!  Paid with my card.  They arrive yesterday - panic!  My credit card and authorization was needed for them to check in.  I get emailed the authorization form - copy my id and card - fax it to the number on the email.  Call from my son 20 minutes later - they didn't receive it!  Fax'd again to number on the form - again - not received!  WTF!  Now my credit card & license is floating around that god forsaken town somewhere!  Ended up scanning & emailing everything.  Took my son over an hour to get checked in!  Ridiculous!
Wow!  What a cluster "f" this was!  Purchased the Def Lepperd concert/room package for my son and his g/f for his birthday.  Through Hard Rock site mind you!  Paid with my card.  They arrive yesterday - panic!  My credit card and authorization was needed for them to check in.  I get emailed the authorization form - copy my id and card - fax it to the number on the email.  Call from my son 20 minutes later - they didn't receive it!  Fax'd again to number on the form - again - not received!  WTF!  Now my credit card & license is floating around that god forsaken town somewhere!  Ended up scanning & emailing everything.  Took my son over an hour to get checked in!  Ridiculous!. This was posted earlier this week and hmmmm.....somehow disappeared!
I wouldn't recommend this hotel and casino unless you are under 30 years old and don't put much emphasis on customer service.  $50-$80 per person to get into one of the four pools and the free pool for guests will cost $500 for a 2 person bed as there are no lounge chairs anywhere.  Mr. Lucky's had to "re-fire" 3 of 4 breakfast's after waiting 30 min and then another 15 min for them to microwave it.  They were kind in not making us pay for the 4th meal, which was the only food eaten but were not very apologetic.  . . The rooms were nice and beds comfortable.  However, with the hundreds if not thousands of places to choose from in Las Vegas, the Hard Rock makes it very easy to look elsewhere for a place that wants you to come back.
I've stayed here quite a few times and always really liked it, but my how things have changed this time around! Customer service has been terrible, can't get hot water in room and while leaving the water running, hoping to have it warm up, the sink/tub fills. We brought it to the hotel's attention several times and met with nothing! And to top it off, cockroaches in the room!!!! And again, no help or offer of concern from hotel management. That's fkn disgusting!!!! Make sure you check your luggage beforeyou leave so you don't take home any pests and cause an infestation of your own. And ps.. service at Mr. Lucky's sucked too. But that's a whole other story...
The only reason my friends and I stayed here was for the pool (rehab). Hotel guests get priority with lines to get in and stuff so that's cool. The pool is soooo fun. This is definitely a party hotel. But we had an interesting experience. When we checked in, almost nothing was stocked in the room (towels, toilet paper, toiletries, mini bar, etc). We had to call and let them know. Then, the ac is mediocre. We never felt comfortable with the temperature in the room. It felt stuffy and warm. I'd wake up in the middle of the night to throw the bed sheets off me because I'd be sweating. Our tv didnt work til the last night. The food from room service was pretty close to terrible. We had to send it back twice because they'd either get the order wrong or it was just plain disgusting. Definitely more cons than pros with this stay. Don't think I will be back.
First they charge you a resort fee of 22.00 per night up front as well as 50.00 a day deposit so right off I was charged on my "prepaid" hotel another 223.00 upon checking in. Staff is cold and not very friendly. No real help to their guests, treated us as an inconvenience and interruption to their personal socializing. No coffee maker in the rooms, but that is so they can charge you 4.75 for a large drip coffee in the hotel coffee shop. Our room was a king deluxe, which was adequate. Nice bed and linens  but no table to sit at if u eat in your room. Nice big flat screen tv. Bathroom sink was slow draining and funky sewer smell any time u flushed the toilet. Hotel is overrun with 20 something and younger. Pool would of been nice to lay out by but forget it cause that is completely overrun as well and there is no room unless you reserve a poolside cabana for 250. My husband loved all the "reproduced" music memorabilia but I am largely unimpressed. Our view was horrible looking out at the air conditioning units in top of the casino lobby. Casino gambling cards don't work half the time and no welcome comps unless you are playing table games with a 20 dollar match play.
I get that this hotel isn't designed with me in mind, so I'll not go ahead with how seriously dorky most stuff here is. If you have watched Girls Gone Wild and thought to yourself, "I want to go to there" then, this is your jam. If you're an older dude that is looking to get the band back together, hey, party on. . . We came here because someone else was paying/picking. Had we been paying, I would have been super cranky. Everything here is somewhat over-priced but the real kicker is the fine print add-ons with everything. We weren't planning on buying anything and we certainly didn't once we got there but we couldn't help but notice that there were added fees on almost everything this place offered. If bottle service to your room is something you think is great enough to pay $80 for, just know that it's another $3 delivery fee, a 21% gratuity and an additional 8.1% sales tax. I mean, they could just say, Jack Daniels, $105 but you know, they want you to think it's more reasonable? Also, when we tried to ask for a late check out the night before we were told that we would have to call back in the morning to see what availability was like and we might be able to extend checkout until noon for free. When we asked what the charge to stay a little later might be we were told that too must wait until tomorrow. Now, the hotel seemed less than half full to us so maybe they thought 400 people were going to magically show up demanding rooms. I don't know, I do not work in the middle aged rock n roll vampire hotel bikini business, so I won't speak out of place. . . The bed was incredibly comfortable, but seeing as how it looks like something out an episode of True Blood, be aware that the lights are super dim. Our room was a little dimmer than most on account a few of the bulbs being burnt out. The shower looks cool but isn't the most functional thing I've ever seen, I mean, in the way that the water should stay in the shower? Also, while the hallway didn't seem noisy, there was an adjoining room door that was pretty thin. I think the people next to us were having some sort of domestic issue that might have involved some sort of infidelity between friends. We're not sure because we couldn't completely make out what was being said because the door wasn't that thin. . . The waitstaff in the restaurant was super great, no complaints about house keeping but staff walking around seemed kind of, I dunno, cranky? Maybe because we are fat and over 30 but not fat and over 45 and a group of dads we weren't supposed to be there or something, I dunno. Our Midwestern hipster sensibility must have been detected and not appreciated.
This hotel is off the strip about 1/2 mile. The hotel caters to a very young crowd who are looking to party.. . They have a couple of pool areas, but the Rehab beach is the place to be. Be aware that if you choose to sit in a chair at Rehab, you will be charged for it (like $50?). There is lots of security, especially on the weekends. I saw a couple fights break out.. . The rooms are nice. The beds are extremely comfortable.. . Be aware that they charge you a "resort fee", even if you have a Groupon or some other rate. This covers all the facilities and internet.. . There are several restaurants on premise. Be prepared to pay. We were staying 3 nights and by day 2 I had found several great eateries in the shopping square across the street (especially the Kazen sushi place).. . I am 44 and my body is not out of a magazine, so I felt extremely uncomfortable at this resort. I saw they had a dress code in the evening for the casino - which to me means dress nicer. In the case of the Hard Rock Hotel, it means you have to go change out of your swimsuit.. . This would have been an amazing place to go when I was 30. Now, not so much.
The hotel had the date of our reservation wrong.  30 minutes later we finally got our room key.  The room was ok. Carpet was filthy!!! Hair, sand, and who knows what else was all on the carpet. Water pressure was awful in the shower! It literally was sprinkling out of the shower head.  At the pool...the waitress brought us 2 large drinks instead of small...then charged us $78 for 2 drinks and a small fruit plate.. . Only good part...their Chinese restaurant FU!  Absolutely delicious!
I did not stay here but saw a show and gambled. The casino is very dirty and the bathrooms are disgusting.  The bathroom looked liked a bus terminal bathroom, it was gross! I would not visit this establishment again. so disappointed..
Summary: even though this hotel is located off the strip it's very easy to find, just look for the big crappy building that says "Hard Rock" on it.   The rooms aren't that great when you factor in the price.   . . The only reason to consider staying at the Hard Rock Hotel is if you're seeing a concert at The Joint. Otherwise, avoid it.
It just was not clean. Not fun
Unless you are 23 and don't give a shit- Don't stay here. It's a mob scene check in, and virtually no service is offered to the guest because they are s busy and understaffed... .  In a two day stay I went through 8 keys unable to get into my room. It took 3 hours for someone to come and change the battery in my door so I could actually get into my room.. . I left my room the first day at 10:30AM - I returned at 4:15PM and it still wasn't cleaned.. . WIFI in the room is virtually unusable.
The review is for the Casino Tower, which may make a difference since my room was probably one of the least expensive.. . The furniture was kind of like ikea quality, which is not a big deal for me, but the bathroom was looking rough, just kind of like maintenance was not a priority. The walls were painted white but had foot prints on them, like someone had been kicking the wall.. . The room was a good size and the beds were super comfortable, but unless you are in your early 20's I wouldn't recommend this hotel. You could hear drunk people running down the hall and acting crazy at all times.. . My room was in the 4th floor and overlooking the pool. From 10 AM to 7PM they have the loudest music playing in the pool, I had the TV really loud and I still couldn't hear it, I was going CRAZY! I called the reception and they said they couldn't move me because they were at full capacity, so I pretty much had to put up with super loud music all day.. . The actual casino was nice and not as crowded and trashy as other casinos, in fact since there are not as many people there, is much easier to gamble and get drinks from the waitresses. . . Parking was never a problem and I never had any issues with anyone from the staff.. . The hotel is also very close to the strip (NOT ACTUALLY ON IT) but it was a 5 minute drive. Also not staying on the strip was a plus to me since I didn't want to deal with the traffic. . . This hotel is fine if you are young, wild and broke, otherwise I wouldn't recommend.
This review is for the rooms in the CASINO TOWER only (I've heard the Paradise tower is awesome). One big plus: the front desk people we dealt with through the entire trip were wonderful! Super helpful and friendly, great job there. . . When we walked into our room (on the third floor with a lovely view of the parking lot) it was pretty nice looking and decently sized for the price. The first big issue we ran into was the AC; after about an hour with it cranked up as high as it could go, it was still hot. Mind you, this is August in Vegas with outside temps over 110, so a good AC is a necessity, not a luxury. We called to have it serviced and the guy came up and removed some fan and cleaned it and said it would work, well, it didn't. The guy said it was motion activated, so when we went to sleep, the room turned into a sauna. Our friends in the room next door had the same issue, so I think this is just a crappy old building. Also, the only fridge they had was for the mini-bar, which I think is a little ridiculous. . . Next issue was the hot water, or lack thereof. You had to leave the shower on for 10 minutes just to get warm enough to step into! Also, on several occasions our key cards mysteriously stopped working and we had to walk down to the front desk to get new ones.
We just stayed at the Hard Rock over Labor Day weekend. I love the scene at the Hard Rock. Loud music, young crowd etc. but I was so disappointed in our last stay. When I booked with them we asked for a pool view. Upon checking in the gave us a "mountain side" view. No mountains just the back of an ugly building and roof. We asked to be moved so they upgraded us to a pool side room. They did not inform us however this would be an additional $25 a night. I thought I had already booked a room with a pool view?!? We get to our new room and the view of the stage is amazing we are so excited, only to get changed to go party and notice puke all over the room (lamp shade, floor, even ceiling). They made us wait there for a housekeeping manager to come inspect it. She apologized, but didn't really care. They moved us for the 3rd time in an hour to the last room at the hall with no pool view again. It was so frustrating!! The manager told us she would give us a $50 food and drink comp and wave our resort fees. We said great, thank you!! Upon checkout there was no manager to be found and we had to fight with the checkout host to get about 10 random charges taken off of our bill. We were charged for Jack Daniels that apparently was set off by the motion detector, upgrading to different rooms, the resort fees and food and beverage that they said they would comp. We tried to explain to him what had happened, but he said because there was no manager he could only wave one resort fee. I find it hard to believe that there is not one manager in the building to speak with. We ended up paying a huge bill and I had to deal with the whole mess when we got back. The hotel is very fun, but the Hard Rock's level of customer service was disappointing. We came to have fun, spend money in their casino and any chance they got, they tried to rip us off upon checkout. As much as I enjoyed my stay the first time at the Hard Rock, we will not be going back again. What a headache!!
More unexpected charges and more terrible customer service resumed on the last leg of our stay at the Hard Rock.. . We got the bill for our two teeny tiny mimosas, tortilla chips, and Mediterranean platter: $80... Wow.... . Before leaving the hotel, we decided to check out their beautiful pool area. We swung by the bar and ordered a couple of drinks. One 12 ounce can of Shock Top: $8.00. One 12 ounce pina colada: $16.00. Bloody outrageous.... . We thought we were in luck when we found any empty hot tub. Yey! Unfortunately, the hot tub didn't get more than Luke warm, but that was fine by me. It kept everyone else who came by out of it after a few minutes. . . After about forty minutes in the tub and having watched a handful of security guards walk by without issues, a police academy drop out douchebag security guard walks up and rudely tells us we can't be in here. Naturally, since there are no signs posted anywhere, I ask him why. He says this is the VIP section in an obvious degrading tone. He then stood to the side and watched us while we dried off and left the area, as if we would go on strike or vandalize things. Nonetheless, I mentioned to him that there might be something wrong with the tub as the temperature is off. He looked at me with pursed lips and shook his head. What the hell??. . We jammed, being able to change in the restrooms without a security escort, and won't be back.
Probably one of my worst hotel stays in Vegas and I travel monthly here for work.  My company paid for a non smoking room in the paradise tower, non smoking rooms were not available in this tower when I checked in.  They offered an upgrade for one night in a suite but I would have to move for my second night or a non smoking room in their older tower for both nights.  I opted for the older tower, moving mid stay is ridiculous.. . Second, room service was awful.  I ordered the French dip, the sandwich wS reheated, partially burned, and the fries were stale.  On top of this, they didn't include a glass of water, I ended up paying $7.50 for the water in the room bar.. . I left this review at 2 stars since the room wasstill clean and the service workers were not rude, not spectacular either, more luke warm, 2 star quality.
I just stayed three nights at this hotel but after being here one day I realized a hotel with a better location like on the strip would have saved us so much in taxi fair. The hotel does offer a shuttle service once an hour  to the strip but only up to 5:00pm. The shuttle driver had attitude but everyone else at the hotel was very friendly & accommodating. The room we stayed in had a nice modern look to it. The cleanliness of the room looked good except on the back of the bathroom door there were what looked like dry buggers. The house keeping also left some type of cleaning agent on the toilet one day & a phone charger went missing another day.
My rating of HRH is somewhere between Mehh and Down-Right-Rude. The place is empty on a Saturday afternoon and you would think they would try harder to please guests and players. But instead security barked at patrons that no outside food and alcohol was allowed in rooms. Come again? Isn't this Las Vegas where we party in and out of the hotel rooms. I tried to show my friends at an empty table how to play craps, we all threw down $100 each and we got nothing but attitude from the grouppier and pit boss. Maybe that's why the place is empty - I am happy to lose my money some other place.
the rooms look ok i guess... but the ipod docks really didn't work in the room. not that many asian people here. this place caters to people who like rock music.
I went to the hard rock through orbitz. They had trouble finding my reservation. After a very long call with orbitz it was solved I thought. Well I wanted two rooms. The hard rock only showed one. After dealing with that and it was resolved. I found out my low rate was not so great after a hidden spa fee was added. Plus throughout the night I found several more hidden fees. Also the 730 wake up call of the leaf blower at the pool and the shop vac in the hallway added to the whole thing. I wouldn't stay here again or suggest it.
Customer service is hit or miss here. The bell hops and maids are great but that's about it. In room dining sucks and messed up my order 2 out 3 mornings. The beds in the casino towers are awful! The newer towers are nicer but still have crappy bedding. My friends got stuck underneath the bowling alley suite so make sure to ask to be away from it, its super loud! Oh and internet connection blows. At least 35 is a pretty decent restaurant.  Nobu is overpriced and underwhelming. Culinary dropout is a nice new addition but service is hit or miss here as well. I was at the hotel for 6 days much to my dismay. I caught myself saying I miss the Cosmo at least twice a day if not more, especially in the mornings waking up in those awful beds. I had friends in the hrh and paradise towers rooms look cooler and newer but I have zero desire to ever stay at this place again. Plus its so damn far from everything!
Hmmm rock theme and modern looking.. I booked a king bed but they said they ran out and put us in a two queens room and called it a upgrade. Meh I don't want that upgrade. I wanted a king bed when I stay in Vegas. So disappointing.. Plus the room doesn't have a bath but only shower, another meh. . Pillow and quilt/cover are of good quality tho. Fast internet and you can connect as many devices as you want.. For bathing, the shampoo and conditioner are ok quality.. I prolly won't stay again, it's nothing looked like their photo.. And at express checkout, they don't have pens around and expect us fill out a form. Plus, no pen in the room either, I just wanted to write a postcard.. Inshort, like the bedding, decoration and wifi. Baths are small and I still don't like the fact they forced me to change a room type. Just show it when I was booking, I can pick another resort!
