Important note - we are both vegetarian.. . I mention this because the focus is obviously on meat, which may be great, but any good restaurant can cook their veggies.  We go to four and five diamond restaurants often and are overall pretty easy.. . While they were accomodating to us, what we got was a mediocre salad, a platter of roasted vegetables, and a veggie pasta.  These are the most obvious items, which unfortunately were only poorly executed.  . . The ambiance is beautiful, but very casual.    Great for kids - not the best for a romantic dinner.  It felt like a very high end Olive Garden to us.  Loud, many large tables, good decor - overall solid.. . At the end of the day, I am more critical here because of how many amazing Vegas restaurants there are.  The convenience to shopping is wonderful, as well as the decor, but the creativity and overall execution was poor.
Even though everyone raves about this place, I was not that impressed.. . The decor was beautiful, it sits next to the Bellagio fountains, so every ten minutes or so you were able to see the fountain show. . . The staff was semi-friendly. Our waitress seemed a little taken back by some of the questions we had. I'm sorry, if I don't know what something is, I am going to ask, not just order and hope for the best. . . When it comes to food, we started off with the legendary bread and olive spreads. Both were delicious! I couldn't decide what I liked better, the chocolate rolls or the different oil spreads. Um!. . We then moved on to appetizers. My tuna carpaccio was very good. The tuna tasted fresh and the glaze that was on top had a sweet soy glaze to it (it was special that night). . . As far as the main meal is concerned I was deeply disappointed. I had the salmon tri which was basically, three salmons (duh) one seared salmon filet, one salmon tabouli, and one salmon cake. The only one that I liked was the seared salmon. Everything else had a strange after taste to it; so strange that I had one bite and put it aside. I didn't eat the meal. When my semi-friendly waitress noticed that I didn't eat my meal, she inquired why. I explained that I didn't like it and she offered me a dessert instead. No, she didn't ask me if I would like something else, no she didn't offer to take it off the bill or even half of it off the bill, she asked me if I wanted dessert. I couldn't have dessert that day (stupid dietI'm on) so I told her no thank you. I then thought, maybe she would take it off the bill at the end. Nope. I just spent $36 on a salmon tri that I took 3 or 4 bites of and then threw away. What a waste of money!!
I have to admit that I was disappointed in the food Olives. Service was great and they were very understanding when we were an hour late for our reservation (we called twice). . . I really liked the bread they serve in the beginning with the olive tapenade. The warm walnut bread with honey was AMAZING and we even requested more.. . Started the meal with the beet salad and crab beignets and it was just meh. Really didn't have any flavor and wasn't impressed. The crab beignets also were like deep fried crab cakes and not beignets. It didn't do much for me in terms of flavor or taste.. . The main dishes were the portabello mushrooms flatbread and the salmon trio. The flatbread was probably the best thing we ate (except the warm walnut bread rolls...drool...) and you could taste the truffle oil on it too. If you're going to eat there, I'd highly recommend that you order a flat bread.. . The salmon trio was a seared salmon, salmon cake, and salmon tabouli. The seared salmon wasn't anything special but i did appreciate they didn't overcook it. I thought the salmon cake was interesting and probably my favorite of the three. The tabouli wasn't memorable. Not worth $36.. . Ended the meal with a vanilla souffle and taste-wise it was fine but the consistency was off. My expectations of a souffle at a Mediterranean restaurant were also not high.. . Overall it was a pleasant atmosphere and our waitress was great. I just didn't think the food was really worth the prices and I would not go back again if I was in Vegas.
I really wanted to love this place and was looking forward to it.  The food was ok, but not memorable,  Roasted beet salad was good but not amazing.  The peppercorn crusted beef tenderloin was cooked perfectly but everything else on the plate was meh.  The ribeye au gratin was not good.  The desserts saved the whole thing - Chocolate collapsing cake and the strawberry shortcake.  Nothing could excuse the coffee however....brown hot water - nasty.  The view was nice and the waitstaff was excellent.  The food was completely disappointing.
My wife and 2 of our friends ate here on 9/19/11, the last night of our Vegas vacay.  We had patio seating, and while the view of the water show was great, the food was a huge disappointment.  We started with the calamari and mushroom flatbread.  Came out promptly and tasted good but both could've used a little less salt.  My wife and one of our friends had with the butternut squash tortelli.  Neither tasted good (sauce seemed to taste of beef stock) and both were sent back.  I had the short ribs which were extremely dry and tough as if they had been sitting in the window for a while (which they likely did considering it took our entrees close to an hour to come out).  The fourth member of our group was the only one happy with his entree.  He ordered the steak special, which according to him and his wife was great.  Overall an extremely disappointing meal...at least the view was good and our server took both tortelli's off the bill.  Will not be back on our next Vegas vacay.
No bueno. Esp in Vegas I've had better.
Disappointing to say the least. As a vegetarian, I had some seriously limited options. Chose the butternut squash ravioli, and could barely eat it. It was so sweet it tasted like dessert, not an entree. And the congealed, obviously-sat-under-a-heatlamp sauce was completely unappetizing.. . The servers appeared fussy but were actually rather inattentive. For the name, price and location, I expected a LOT more.
Decor is nice. The food looks nice but it was only ok. Our waitress was unhappy but she did switch an order for us when the goat cheese dumplings tasted like a Marie calendars tv dinner. I had the scallops with an unimpressive salty sauce. The table is too Small for anything so you have a big clutter of things in front of you. The prices are too high. This place is in between all your Chanel and armani stores so it's great for tourists who don't know much about food but came to spend money. I would not come here again it was only ok. The hostess in the front had a snobby demeanor she could of fooled me and made me think we were going into a Michelin star restaurant. Quite the contrary...
I was quite unimpressed with the fare. For over 30$ a plate, i expected more than breaded fish sticks when i ordered halibut cheek. I expected my daughter's spinach not to make my gag reflex twitch with memories of frozen spinach mush from my youth. I also wanted some good olives, and although the bread was top notch, as was the olive tepenade, the actual olives tasted worse than the ones i buy from Trader Joes.  At least the service was decent if unenthusiastic. Seems like some servers think because i do not drink i don't know how to tip. Too bad for them.
I really wanted to like this place. I heard so much about it. I also went there for the view of the fountain of course (that part was great). But the food man... my goodness the food! I expected so much more. More flavors and creativeness. It did not impress me at all.
Olives didn't fancy me one bit.. call me unsophisticated, but I would have rather wined and dined at the other Olive.. the one with the "Garden" n' all.  The beef carpaccio was good, but I've had better.. The Sirloin Sandwhich tastes like ol' soggy McD's.. The Ricotta Ravioli was flavorless and the Ahi Tuna Block was bland.  Maybe I just came on one of their bad days.. or maybe I still have yet to develop a palate for the finer things in life.  Until then, Chef Boyardee... mmm mmm good!
Definitely over rated and over seasoned. And what I mean by that is EVERY item we received was seriously over-salted. We had the falafel & hummus app. Seriously over-salted. The butternut squash tortelli would have been good if smaller for an appetizer, but as a main course the taste and consistency were too much. The filling was exactly the consistency and taste of a soggy amaretto cookie, which was the main flavor. The flavor was overwhelming after 3 torts. . . I had a special which I don't remember what it was called but it was chicken, pancetta, a cream type sauce and a fine, almost clear pasta. Again it was overwhelmed with salt. I know pancetta can add that saltiness, but not to this extreme. And the pasta was all stuck together. They weren't individual strands, but stuck clumps. Funny thing (not really) is, the couple right next to us had the same issue with saltiness with their meal and had one taken off of their check. . . The one positive was that they continued to fill our water glasses as we needed that to get through the meal.
After dining at a few places last week in Vegas I wasn't too impressed with this place. The waiter was not on his game. We ordered wine to start. Never received it until we asked for it ,he never checked on us and we sat in front of our finished dinner plates for 20 min before they were removed. Ordered the sausage ravioli which was meh..ok. The caesar salad was huge, big enough for two. That was really good. Ordered the hazelnut souffle which was very underdone ..it deflated immediately . For prices like that I expected to at least be treated much better than that. I will not recommend or return.
On a recent trip to Vegas my husband and I wanted to treat ourselves to one really nice dinner and decided on Olives.  We specifically wanted to eat outside on the patio overlooking the fountains, but unfortunately you cannot reserve a table there - you must request at check in.  We made a reservation for 8pm and arrived a few minutes early to request a table outside.  We were told we could come back at 9pm and sit outside, so we did. . . We were seated all the way at the back of the patio, which has a very obscured view of the fountains because of large overhead umbrellas, but we still enjoyed the ambiance (fountain shows every 15 minutes).  We did not, however, enjoy the service.  Our waiter seemed very frazzled and like he had too many tables.  Also, when we first arrived someone had spilled a drink on a neighboring tables Prada purse - cleaning up the purse and then sucking up to that table seemed to be a priority for the rest of the night.  Our waiter did not greet us or welcome us at all, his opening line was "can I get you a cocktail?"  We really expected more from what is supposed to be a fine dining restaurant.  We heard "I'll be right back" three times from our waiter before he *finally* took our order 25 minutes after we sat down.  We were not even brought bread until after our order was taken, 30 minutes later.  After waiting so long to simply order our food, we were really frustrated and asked to speak to the manager.  The manager did not offer any apology or explanation at all, he basically thanked us for letting him know.. . I order Todd's Caesar Salad ($15) as a starter, nothing special.  My husband ordered the grilled squid and octopus ($16), which he said was just okay.  For entrees I had the Brick Oven Roasted Free Range Chicken ($29), again, nothing special - the best part was the grilled onions.  My husband had the Duck Two Ways ($34) which he thought was just okay as well.  We skipped dessert - though after we refused twice and turned down coffee and cocktails, the waiter tried to entice us with "it's on me" to make up for the bad service, but we declined.  Nothing was taken off our bill.. . Overall, the food was average, and the service was really terrible.  The ambiance was romantic, though sitting closer to the water would have been much nicer to see the fountains clearly (though you will be misted!).
Olives at the Bellagio overlooking the fountains we sat inside 8 tonight and after our standard have a drink at the bar moment we proceeded to the table after getting a quick fountain show which is of course a don't miss anytime at the Bellagio especially when It is in tune to Sinatra. . . Had lunch here sometime ago and I remember it being good, but the menu was recently changed and not really for the better.  Sommelier was very good and our waitress was excellent.  Breads presented followed by multiple appetizers including. .  .  Beef Carpaccio* . gorgonzola polenta, balsamic reduction, parmesan, cipollini onions, scallion cream, garlic aioli.....19 Best I've ever had. . .  Tuna Tartare* . spun cucumber salad, crispy rock shrimp, sesame dressing, scallion cream, whitefish caviar.....18 I didn't partake but was told it was OK nothing special.. . .  Todd's Caesar Salad . eggless roquefort Caesar dressing, olive oil brioche croutons, tomatoes, shaved parmesan.....15 . w/ anchovy fillets.....17 Traditional and large to split but dressing taste lacking . .  Fiery Chicken Sausage . herbed ricotta cheese, balsamic onions, roasted tomato sauce.....18 OUTSTANDING!. .  Meatball & Eggplant . spicy tomato sauce, caramelized onions, imported buffalo mozzarella, hazelnut basil pesto.....18  Very good.. . Entrees: Butternut Squash Tortelli . brown butter, amaretto cookies, sage, parmesan cheese.....24 their signature dish was outrageous and Don't like Squash.. Ricotta Ravioli . roasted tomato basil sauce, sweet Italian sausage, garlic bread crumbs.....25  EL PASSO nothing special here.. . Hawaiian Mahi Mahi . lime & cilantro basmati rice, ginger bok choy, miso butter sauce, crispy leeks.....39 Another nothing special dish.. Prime Beef Tenderloin . Lyonnaise potatoes, garlic braised greens, black pepper demi, truffle brie, crispy onions.....51 Small piece of beef for the price but very tasty.. . Two Lobster Fra Diablo specials $54.00 over pasta were both extremely weak, sauce lacking in any taste or substance and lobster one small little tail.. . Although our waitress was excellent extreme amount of time between appetizers and entrees to the point of where is our food?  . . Some dishes great some hit or miss some downright over priced and lacking.  A generous 2 star as 2.5 would be more accurate. Much better dining options in Vegas I'd pass on a repeat here. Fountain show good though go have a drink catch the show then eat elsewhere.
If you can sit outside on the tiny patio, do it! You'll enjoy great views of the water show and a cute atmosphere.. . HOWEVER, the food sucks. The chicken gnocchi tasted sweet and super gummy. The halibut was over cooked. I'm all about big spending for a great, authentic, delicious Italian meal, but this wasn't it. The bread before dinner was the best part of the meal. . . Go here for a drink/appetizer and to enjoy views of the fountain, but skip dinner and head somewhere else.
I will be very careful and selective with what i say because I have only eaten here  once  and very rarely will i review a place unless i have 3 experiences. I don't think I will ever eat there again so I decided that I will review it now based on my experience. Here my run down:. . I think I set my expectations too high because I enjoy Todd's other restaurants so much (Kingfish and Tuscany) But after having an amazing meal the night before at Scarpetta i realized that Todd English cannot shake a stick at Scott Conant and maybe that makes me biased. . . Service-. From hostess and waiter; TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE. You should be ashamed of yourselves, your water guy/ busser out shined you by far. I wish I could remember your name but man oh man get your head out of your ass and serve the people!. . Food-. Bread and olive tempanade was terrific. But that's where the meal fizzled. The scallops and risotto was over ambitious and the Diver scallops we FAR from fresh.. The waiter only said 3 words the whole night and two of them were Tuna Tar tare. Well i have 2 words for you buddy: TRY AGAIN. It was lacking texture, flavor and complexity you would expect from a $30 appetizer. That's all I have to say about that.. . Ambiance- Ehh romantic efforts with obnoxious tourist loudness. . Overall- Wont be back, Todd sorry you didn't win my heart over this time.
I had a very high hopes for Olives. It is a beautiful place and the fountains certainly add a lot of drama. The Bellagio is a lovely if somewhat dated hotel. . . I'm not sure why I tried the free range chicken but it was as extremely dry with very little flavor.  Michael had some kind of steak but it looked frightening to me so I decided against trying it. . . They were busy and maybe it was an off night. Not on my list of places to revisit. . . For the price of this meal, I expected something wonderful. Palatable would also have been acceptable.
Olives definitely suffers from the standard Vegas markup for mediocre food. Yet another disappointing Vegas dining experience that makes me think I should stick to Chipotle when I go to Vegas. . . * Beef carpaccio - $20. The server deterred us from ordering beef tartare and suggested we order beef carpaccio. He said that people had been coming to Olives for 15 years just to eat the carpaccio. No offense to those people, but they probably haven't had good carpaccio. This was really just below average carpaccio. . . * Fig and prosciutto flatbread - $19. The crust was a bit too hard, and the toppings didn't taste that good to me.. . * Grilled squid and octopus - $16. Barely any squid or octopus but a lot of chickpeas. This dish might as well have been named chickpea curry. . . * Manila clams pasta - $35. The pasta tasted fine, but the noodles were a bit clumpy. The portion was satisfactory. . . Nobody in the group seemed dtoo happy with the meal. A couple of people ordered steak (both the Porterhouse and sirloin) and said it was horrible. . . Most of the girls at my table ordered sangria ($14/glass). The menu described it as being made with fresh strawberries, but there were no strawberries in the glasses. It was very light in color and apparently flavorless. A tableful of lushes (just kidding!) in Vegas, and none of them even finished their first cocktail.
I love Todd English and his food. That wasn't the problem .It's the service. Our waiter was horrible, forgot our salad and then made an excuse. If you forget something you should just apologize and go get it.  We just cancelled it because it took so long. It took 40 minutes to get a bottle of wine. He told us to hurry up and order because the kitchen was closing soon. I have worked in fine dining before, even chain restaurants, and you can never tell the customer to hurry up and order, you have to take someone even if they walk in 1 minute before closing.
Like most of the outposts of famous restaurants in Las Vegas, Olives only shares the name in common with the real deal in Charlestown (Boston).  I've had several superb meals at Olive's in Charlestown, so my expectations were high, but man what a travesty.  Flatbread was undercooked (not crispy) and tomatoes were flavorless cardboard variety--not heirloom as advertised.  I ordered beef tenderloin (medium rare) it took forever and when it finally arrived it was overcooked and cold.  I don't mean warm, I mean COLD.  Waiter offered to "warm it up" for me.  Seriously, $55 and you are going to warm it up for me.  Didn't have time for a redux so I picked at my son's Gnocchi which was gummy/pasty and truly flavorless.  Tasted like a bad leftover    creation.  I just feel sorry for everyone who think they are getting the best of Todd English.
Because of their restaurant policy, I give it two stars because of the bartender. . . I came here to do the bar menu and have a few drinks for my BIRTHDAY..I thought the bar menu was from 4:00-6:00pm but it was 3:00-5:00pm. We had arrived at 4:15pm and ALL seats at the bar were taken but there were small tables next to the bar that were EMPTY.  . . I asked the host if we could sit at one of the small tables and he informed us that ALL tables are for DINNER ONLY and it starts at 5:00 pm. ( he wasn't the most friendly) Well there goes that plan. No one would be leaving the BAR and then the menu would be over. I have never heard of a restaurant that ONLY provides seats at the "literal" bar when they are serving their bar menu. Maybe they do things differently in CA.. . Plan B: Go to the Bellagio fountain show..which was wonderful as they had the show to the tune Lady Luck by Frank Sinatra..ahh...classic Vegas..on the way back, we walked past OLives and I thought well I have to at least get a birthday drink and they had 2 seats open. The bartender poured well ..got our money's worth, not watered down like most restaurants ( that is why I make my own most of the time). Didn't have dinner, too expensive and needed a reservation though the seating was practically empty for the tables..went to see the Monet exhibit and get dessert elsewhere..
The Flatbread was burnt; I really cannot believe the waiter served it.  The Beef Tartar was good, but served on top of cold mashed potatoes (gross, I had to scrape it off to enjoy).  I ordered beef tenderloin rare, but was served medium and was tasteless.  The caramel and pear creme brulee, was too many flavors, but after scraping off the fruit it was much better.  On the good side, the Beef Carpaccio was awesome. I might go back for a nice wine and Beef Carpaccio on the patio, but there are so many other great places here in Vegas I am not sure.
Food was good, but the hostess was a piece of work and the bus boy had an attitude.  The flatbread pizza and cheeseburger was good, this is the third time I have been there over the past year.  I have never been disappointed with the food.  . . I am not sure I'd go back based on the level of customer service that I received while I dined there, Vegas has too many other good restaurants with employees that want your business.
Disappointing.  Don't waste your money here. It is nothing like the Olives in Boston. This is a pretty tacky place.  Poorly trained servers and cooks. The pork chop was so overcooked it was dry. I told the waitress and she had it redone. And guess what it was partially completely uncooked. definitely the two worse versions of pork chops I have ever been served ----and at the same restaurant.  The busboy was one of the least professional busboys I have ever encountered.  He would reach in front of you with a big water pitcher and almost clobber you with his arm whenever he serviced the table. It didn't help that we had to hear him sing to himself either. The restaurant obviously suffers from poorly trained staff, no quality control and a lack of good management.  Plenty of better places to spend $200.
I was not impressed with Olives.  It was very high priced and the food was nothing special.  We shared a open faced Muffaletta, which was good, but not for $20.  I got the Butternut Squash Tortelli, it was horrible, nothing like the menu described.  I ended up having them box it and then gave it to a homeless man on our way back to our hotel.  I felt bad because I paid so much for it I didn't want to see them just throw it away and I was definitely not going to eat it then or later.  I only ate three bites of the whole thing, it was that bad, I couldn't choke it down.  The waiter was snobby also, only good service we had was from the busser.  I'm sure there are plenty of better places to eat in Vegas for that price range.
I had high hopes for my return visit to Olives. Several years ago I had a lovely meal at the restaurant while staying at the Bellagio, but was disappointed with my most recent dinner. . . Service was both rushed and inattentive, with a sense of urgency to turn the tables coupled with an attitude that more than suggested "Why bother, we'll never see these people again." Staff wanted to take our meal order even before presenting the menu.. . The foie gras served with my meal was delicate and properly seared. I wish I could say the same for the filet, which - ordered rare - was served over-cooked, dry, and completely unseasoned. Staff were nowhere to be found after dropping off the dishes, so there was no one to run interference with the kitchen.. . Todd English, your staff at this outpost can and should do better with both service and cuisine. The Bellagio Hotel & Resort positions itself as a 5 star establishment and purports to have restaurants of the same caliber. Sadly, this spot is letting them down.
I've been dining at Olive's in the Bellagio since it first opened when the environment was much brighter in yellow & green ceramic tile. While the new look is a complete dramatic change of the original I can live with it. What I miss the the most, however, is the original friendly crew that always recognized their regular customers starting with the hostesses, the bartenders to the servers and the managers that had always welcomed in a engaging and courteous manner.. . I've tried most everything on the menu and seem to always come back to my ultimate favorites:. . *fig, prosciutto flat bread. *boston bib salad. *butternut squash tortelli. . I've always started and ordered the White Chocolate Martini. There was an original recipe of this served when it first opened that many(including myself) came back to time aftertime. It was simple, yet decadent made of vanilla stoli, clear cream de cacao and a splash of something else. Then they would garnish it with a white & milk chocolate swizzle stick.. . Today, if you ask for "White Chocolate Martini" they automatically give you a liquidy, creamy white concoction. When I've asked the bartenders I'd like it the original way..countless times the bartenders(that are no longer the originals) would argue with me saying they "only" do it in the white creamy way. However, I always seemed to get my special cocktail when I have to order more specifically for the original "clear" chocolate martini then amazingly these bartenders seem to know the exact recipe, though initially act as if they've never heard of such a cocktail. And after they finally make the cocktail(after wasting minutes in arguing) they wimp out on the chocolate garnish...unlike the decadent original way when the restaurant first opened.. . Reservations:  This is probably the most challenged comment I could make of this place. When calling in for earlier dinners (that need to be followed by a show), they always say that 6-8p.m. is all booked up and the earliest would be 10:30. However, I can count on my hand where I've brought groups of 4-6 to walk in with no reservations between 6 & 8p.m. where we were able to get a table immediately and get served.  The hostesses are not the friendliest of the bunch, unlike when the restaurant first opened.  And forget asking politely for a table on the balcony to watch the fountain show, they are extremely protective and act as if it is "off limits". Perhaps they reserve it for their favorite high roller guests or as long as they get a decent side tip in order to fulfill the request.. . I'd say the more accurate defined ratings would be:. . Food, Beverage:  five stars. Environment:  three stars (five if you can actually get a table on the balcony. I miss the original friendlier esthetics). Service: two stars (due to the argumentative bartenders & the pompous hostesses)
inside the bellagio hotel and if you have the time, sit outside on the patio so you can see the water show. had lunch here. started with cesar salad with anchovies.this was one of the best cesar salads. scallops were cooked well. veal chops were cooked well however covered in tomato sauce which was not appetizing. cheese burger were done well with their signature fries. had the crab special spaghetti. came out luke warm and the spaghetti was over cooked so it was really gummy. returned that and ordered the  short rib parpadelle. again the dish came out luke warm with zero seasoning and the pasta over coked. just left the dish, had a plane to catch. will not go back
I had been dreaming about a meal at Olives for my first trip to Vegas. We were hoping for a seat on the patio to get a prime view of the fountains at night. No luck - the place was absolutely packed, and even though we made a reservation 2 MONTHS in advance, we were seated in a spot that was cramped next to two other tables and near the waiter station.. . The food had its ups and downs. I loved the appriopriate bread and olives that were served, and our tuna tartar was seriously amazing. Then,I ordered the fish thinking it would be cooked perfectly in such a fine dining environment. Instead, it was an overcooked and completely underseasoned piece of rubber - I couldn't believe it. Okay, okay, maybe I should have ordered something safer, but this is Olives for goodness' sake! Everything should be safe, especially at $40 an entree. I was extremely disappointed and we mentioned something to our waiter at the end of the meal. I left in a sour mood after wasting that money on what I thought was a guaranteed to be perfect meal.
We were very disappointed with this place. We had an 8:30 reservation and the hostess said she'd be right with us while helping people who didn't have a reservation for 10 minutes. We were informed we'd have to wait until 10:15 to be sat outside, but could sit us at a table next to the window (with two fat people immediately in front of outside blocking the view). Oh well, the interior was super nice, dark and very romantic feeling. . . Our awesome busser quickly brought us three great kinds of bread, some olive tapenade and Pellegrino quickly. Our pretentious sommelier was quick to assist us, but looked down at my selection (a $125 bottle of Stag's Leap Cabernet). I got the very distinct feeling for some reason, because Im young they thought I didn't have money or something ridiculous.. . Our waiter dropped off our menu and then seemed to completely forget about us. We finally waved him down and ordered the tuna tartar as non-spicy as possible, the sweet potato gnocchi and the grilled sirloin. . . The tuna tartar came out pretty quick and was very good. A little too spicy and raw for my date, but I loved it. After that, it took what seemed like forever for our food to arrive. My date loved the sweet potato gnocchi. My steak was cooked to the correct doneness, but per the usual for steakhouses, needed more salt. This, and I had no idea what it was that accompanied my steak. Server was nowhere to be found. I finally flag him down and he explains what was on my plate, but I'm not sure what this was. HAHA... I asked him for salt, but it never came. After 15 minutes or so, I flagged down the busser who hooked it up. . . We finally got the bill and got our food wrapped up. Place was incredibly overpriced for the service and quality of food is not worth it. Its the same price as Bouchon, so I would recommend anyone in Vegas to go there instead. . . Oh, all this AND they double charged me. Im still disputing that as we speak...
Place has gone down hill.  Total tourist trap for deep wallets and/or suckers.  The ones in NY and Boston are fantastic.  To be fair, service was excellent.  That's about it.  Food was bland at best.
Went for anniversary with wife. Apps were great...octopus and beef carpaccio...great flavor and great portions. Rest of the meal was bland and lacked punch. It was like all of commonly ordered items...flatbreads, pastas and steaks...were dumbed down for the tourist masses. Not the bold flavors expected of a celebrity chef. Service lacked focus...they were too focused on turning tables and paced the courses accordingly.
I wouldn't recommend a carryout order from here. I live apx. 7 miles from Bellagio & that's plenty of time for freshness to hold true. Unfortunately, the proteins were severely undercooked & I felt robbed because there is nothing one can do about there order once they get home. The Salad was good with an abundance of all ingredients. The flat bread was undercooked and soggy. The octopus & squid was disgusting and should have never been sent out of the kitchen. . Such a shame... I was so looking forward to my $60 carryout meal & it turned into a $60 salad. I feel taken advantage of. I would like a refund of 2 of 3 dishes.
Honestly it disappoints me to have to write yet another blah review for a restaurant in Bellagio....We already had a horrible meal at the buffet but because Jasmine was so amazing I figured the other private restaurants would be better as well..... So, first, we ordered. Me: The flatbread with mushrooms and truffle oil, crab stuffed shrimp and green beans with mashed potatoes. My husband: hamburger medium rare. Caesar salad. His Caesar was excellent. They never brought me the felt bread and admitted to forgetting the order.... so we just ordered onion rings with the shrimp. His burger came WELL DONE.... and wasn't that great. My shrimp was overcooked and frankly tasteless. I am from Boston so I know fresh seafood. The onion rings were VERY greasy. The green beans were excellent ( actually haricot vertes) and the mashed potatoes tasteless. The manager actually came over and asked how the food was. I said," Do you REALLY want to know?" She said ,"Yes, absolutely" We told her all the complaints and she was SO incredibly nice. She brought me the flat bread but by the time it came my appetite was already ruined. It didn't have a very truffle oil taste to it either. The replaced onion rings were much better. It turns out the shrimp were not fresh but previously frozen as I suspected....I wish I could separate the food from the waitstaff as they were incredibly gracious and helpful...they actually only charged us for the burger. We tipped on 100 dollars though since the waiter still needs their tips!.If you do go make sure you ask for a seat on the patio since the water show ( after 3) is AMAZING. We see it every 15 minutes from  our room on the 18th floor...
