The property is nice.  It's located about 3 miles from the MGM, at least it felt like thats how far you had to hike to get from Tower 3 to the actual MGM.  Whatever you do try and get in Tower 1, its the best location, trust me I know, I stayed in Tower 3 and it was a long journey to get to the pool and everything else.  The room is nice. Big bathroom, it had a balcony which was cool, but the bed, fuck the bed.  What a piece of shit, and the sheets, fuck the sheets.  Nasty sheets.  I asked other guests in the elevator and they said their sheets were shit also.   Overall fuck this place.
The service at the Signature seems to vary from day to evening. We arrived around 5pm and the check in girl at tower two was rude & the check out lady in the a.m. was really nice. The valets were nicer in the day as well. We had been at the Signature for three days & both the security guard at the gate & valet rudely asked us where our pass was even after I showed them my room card with room number pamphlet, why would I have a room key if I wasn't staying there? Apparantly, they forget to give me a weekend parking pass when I checked in, probably was the rude check in girl that didn't give one to me.. . And Tower three is so far from the strip. The best way to go if you are going to walk to the strip is to walk from Tower three out on to the street and walk across to Planet Hollywood Westgate and walk through the valet parking and into their lobby to the Miracle Mile Shops and then onto the strip. Yeah that's the closest walk to the strip... Lol. . The pool wasn't crowded and the service out on the pool was good. I wanted to go to the lazy pool at the MGM but it was closed till next week. Who closes the lazy river on the third weekend of nice warm weather? And why don't they do the maintenance during the winter?. . It's an ok place but you can probably find better hotels out there!
Initially walking into this place I was like alright, this is awesome, no smoke in the air, which gets kinda annoying in Vegas casinos, and it smells soooo good. . . Wasn't impressed with the front desk, the lady was pretty unhelpful and even though it was my sister's Bachelorette party, she didn't help us out to get our suites moved next to one another. . . ON top of that, when we went outside to get a cab, one of the guys that worked there told us limos would be cheaper than getting a cab because he said cabs to the Palms  would be 30 each and a limo, $65. Turns out, cabs are like $9 to the Palms.... super annoying. . . The balcony view was beautiful, the bathtub really big, and the room was clean, but the customer service there was subpar and the suite wasn't that amazing.
Don't get me wrong my room was nice but it isn't the best I've had in Vegas. The upside to getting a room at The Signature @ MGM grand is that it is quieter than staying in any of the rooms at MGM. It's more private... the Signature suites have 3 different towers and they have their own valet & private entrances. It's nice if you want something low key and avoid the craziness in front of MGM. These rooms would be a really great option for families or if you have kids with you ...not really bothered with smoke.  Suite was spacious enough and kitchen & living room area are cool. You have option of bath or shower. Bed is okay. . . My main complaint is that it was a 20min walk to casino floor. Not a good idea if you are drinking/partying and need to make that walk back to rooms. I had rather stayed in the MGM rooms and not deal with the mission to get to my room. To make matters worse we stayed in the last tower...not good. We were with a large group but they were staying @ MGM so we had to meet others on Main floor each time...it was a hassle. . . If everyone is staying at Signature maybe it would be a different story...that way everybody could get cab in private valet area...that would be awesome and faster than taxi line in front of MGM. . . The lobby's were the nicest part of the hotel rooms were good but not amazing.  . . Like I said for low key folks or families this would be a great choice but not so much for me. Sorry MGM :( that walk back and forth killed me !!!
While the hotel was beautiful, we had a suite on the top floor with a full kitchen and separate bedroom, the service was very poor. Myself and the three other guest in our room were young and dressed quite casually an it was apparent from the moment we checked in that we were unwelcome. Despite us renting one of their most expensive suites, myself and friends felt an unmistakable coldness from the front desk. A few of the bell hops were extremely polite and conversational. The lead bell hop however was extremely rude, and we tipped him 5 Dollars after parking our car. He seemed displeased with our tip and expected more, because when he picked up our luggage at check out he had a sullen look on his face ad left our cart, heavy with bags, sitting in front  of the hotel for me and my mother to push to our car ourselves! .      Also we were suppose to receive 50 dollars in drink credits at the hotel which we were not explained about or informed of until check out. At which point we were already irritated by the awful service and complained until the desk obliged us with 1 HOUR to spend the credit. So kind....       In conclusion while this hotel is lovely, the staff only treats those guests that dress wealthy and tip heavily in advanced with the customer service a room that costs 350 a night deserve. If you want to be treated well and enjoy your Vegas experience at a luxury hotel, don't go here. No one likes to pay high prices to be treated like they are at Circus Circus.
So originally I got a special deal via travelzoo for $512.92 including resort fees and taxes in July for a 3-night stay at the Signature in October. Oh and did I mention, it was a penthouse suite? Well I ended up cancelling my reservation and booked another deal (I KNOW, I KNOW. BAD CHOICE) for the same nights but no PH...for about $530... the only difference is (besides no PH and the minor increase in price) was that it was a fashion outlets shopping package. I don't even remember exactly what was in the package except I do remember there was some neiman marcus gc if you spent this much $. Which is lame 'cause it's basically a coupon. And some other lame shenanigans... totally regret cancelling the PH and booking this deal 'cause I didn't even use the shopping package... . . The Signature is located a little off the strip but honestly, it's not as far as you think it is. The walking distance to MGM itself, is about 20 minutes through the hotel... so that's the only downside if you hate walking far in Vegas. But it's a pretty exclusive, non-smoking hotel. No casino so if you wanna gamble, walk on over to MGM or take a cab to Harrah's or wherever you'd like. The hotel itself is nice and well maintained, but once checking into our room, it was no bueno... it reeked of chlorine as if they JUST cleaned the room. And the small sofa in front of the bed was WET/DAMP from god knows what. The view was shitty and the room was stuffy. I decided to complain about it and I was hoping maybe they'd have a PH suite available but no luck; we just switched rooms with a better view of the strip instead of the...desert. .  . Our new room was definitely better scented, not stuffy, had a better view... but our TV was on. And there was no way to turn it off. The remote for the TV didn't work. The button for the TV didn't work. I was like.. WOW. Is there something wrong with EVERY room?? I decided to call the front desk to have someone repair the TV instead of complaining and changing rooms, again. Since it's really not a big deal... but c'mon, we're PAYING to stay in a nice hotel, the least you could do, is accommodate us with what we need and a nice room to stay in. Not have us change rooms, or have us call the front desk for problems. But of course, $hit happens. And it is what it is. Got the TV fixed, tipped the guy 2 bucks and decided to finally enjoy the room to ourselves... . . My experience wasn't HORRIBLE as some yelpers had gone through... but it has definitely made me think twice about staying here the next time I come to Vegas. Probably won't stay here again... It was my first time in Vegas since I turned 21, too! So I wanted it to start out AMAZING. But it's all gooood. Lesson learned. NEVER CANCEL YOUR PH SUITE BOOKING. But then again, problems could occur like double bookings, or your room isn't ready, etc etc. Gotta expect the worst but hope for the best =P . . The good thing about my 3 night stay there was that overall, it wasn't bad. The bed was comfy and the bathroom was big. And the little balcony area was nice too. . . 2/5 stars for The Signature. Sorry, wished I could have liked it more.
Got a deal through Jetsetter so it was $75 total including resort fee (the "we can charge this fee because we can and everyone else does it" fee) and taxes. Wifi is included. Very nice place overall, and pleasantly one block off-strip. Nice jacuzzi tub and the whole room is well-equipped for a long stay, furnished with all suite accouterments (blender, toaster, microwave, stove, cookware, etc). . . Only real complaint may seem petty but it was enough to put me off: I am 99% certain something (of $1 value) was taken from the car while in valet (it is valet only). I had just come from a wild night of bingo and I left two dobbers (bingo instruments) prominently in the cup holder. When I dropped the car off, the valet guy looked at me funny because I didn't tip him (I assumed it was alright to tip only when picking up the car, not both when picking up and dropping off...and I'm just a student). I didn't think anything of it, and the next morning one of two dobbers was missing. The other was just where we left it. We checked everywhere. Everywhere. The GPS, in the glove box, was untouched, but I'm almost certain he took his tip in the form of a $1 dobber. Not something to call the police over (or even the management), but I'm almost certain of what happened, and it's pretty uncool if true. . . One other annoyance: the property is actually a residential hotel, some units of which are leased by their owners and managed by Jet Luxury (see http://www.yelp.com/biz/jet-luxury-at-the-signature-mgm-las-vegas). So odds are good if you rent a room, you're actually renting from them. This means that when you need stuff (e.g. toiletries) you need to go through them (they give you a thorough explanation at check-in). Tissue and toilet paper was low quality considering the vintage of hotel. Bed and shower were great. TV had HD cable which was nice. Hotel charges for printing.
My man and I had a mediocre experience at best with The Signature.. . Firstly, the service was fine. The front desk staff was nice but kind of gave us the run-around. We arrived a bit early for our check-in and they said our room would be ready in 30 min. Great! We took a seat and 30 min later, they said it was going to be a bit longer. Another 20 min goes by... We inquire again and they tell us it's going to be a couple more hours!!! Nearly 1 hour of our time wasted! I wouldn't have minded had they just told us the room wasn't going to be ready for a few hours.. . The real kicker was the room -  the whirlpool in our room was GRIMEY! It had a build up of dead skin cells that left a rough feel around the edge - ick!!! Shower please~!! When we asked the desk for more towels, they told us they couldn't restock our room because the PH Suite we booked was managed by another cleaning company - WTF.. . The morning of our check-out the third party cleaning company kept knocking on our door every 10 minutes despite the do not disturb tag well before our check out time.. . For an upscale branch of the MGM this was unacceptable. I've had much better service and overall cleanliness in off-road motels.. . Another drawback is that The Signature is so remote off the strip. You have to walk through the whole of the MGM then down a long stretch of hallways to get to The Signature.
I'll start with something that explains the low rating. On the last day of stay, I found a bed bug crawling on my pillow. Yes, none others were found, and no harm was done (read: no bites, and no infestation brought home). However, the handling of the incident was piss-poor (the hotel was quick to get me out of the room, and did not offer anything at all to make up for this).. . Now on to the good stuff. The bed was great, the bathroom was well equipped with a  nice shower and a whirlpool bath. The kitchenette had all the necessary equipment and the tv worked. The closet was nice and roomy. . . The mediocre. Tower 3 faces another tower from Planet Hollywood, so you get no view whatsoever. The walk to the strip is either through the side gate and then another 10 mins through a poorly lit street, or through a long connecting walkway and then through the entire shopping mall of MGM.. . Overall - the price point was good ($90/night), the bed bug was unacceptable, the location was ho-hum, and the room was well equipped. I think that 2 stars is warranted, given the abundance of suites on the market right now in LV.
I go to Vegas all of the time and have stayed in most of the hotels. I wanted to stay at the Signature because I heard their suites were pretty good. . . I was very disappointed. I totally agree with another reviewer who said that the room felt like an empty condo that we rented, not a nice hotel room. The room was big, but it was sparse, in terms of it wasn't nicely decorated at all. A lot of amenities were missing, including a hair dryer, sheets for the pull out bed, etc. Sure, they have a kitchen, but you don't go to Vegas to cook yourself dinner. . . Also the walk to the MGM is VERY far. VERY far. And then once you get to the MGM hotel proper, you need to walk pretty far to get to the gaming floor.  . . The adults only pool at the Signature is fine, but tiny and you can't get shade unless you pay for a cabana. . . Also, I did not like the service at the MGM Signature at all. The front desk people were pretty surly and no one seemed happy to be there, or happy to have me as a guest there. I won't be returning. For my money, the suite at THEhotel was much, much nicer.
VERY DISAPPOINTING!!. Nice room, good location.. Desk and Restaurant Staff sucked. Tried to renig on credits.. Food poor, Starbucks good and close.
The hotel was not bad but there were several disappointments.. . The good and best part was the MGM pool! We love a good pool and enjoyed a wonderful day. Huge lazy river and the bar service was fantastic.. . Another good part was the room and bathroom size. We normally stay at the Vdara and we prefer the separate, kitchen, living room and bedroom with walls but the Signature room was okay too. Always love having a fridge and kitchen area. The Jacuzzi tube and large separate shower was a plus as well.. . Now to the bad parts:. . - When first walking into our "non-smoking" room, it was extremely smoky. The room smelled awful.. - We went to the smaller pool the first day because the security guard incorrectly told us that the MGM pool cost 25$. Which was fine, but the pool hours were closing within little over an hour so we chose to wait until the next day. We later found out that the adult pool charged the price and not the regular pool. We would've preferred to have enjoyed the larger pool twice if given the correct information.. - Housekeeping was horrible. There was melted candy bar on coffee table and couch and a huge 3 foot rounded stain in the middle of the room floor. When we left early morning to go to the pool, the housekeeping light was turned on and we were gone all day arriving close to 4. The room was not cleaned when we arrived. We decided to take a nap and 15 minutes after arriving to the room, housekeeping arrived. They were very irritated that we were in the room even though they had all morning and afternoon to clean. They then started pressuring me for an answer asking if they can come back in 30 minutes. I said no and told them the light will be hit once again when we leave for dinner. Apparently that was the wrong answer because we never saw them again. Our room was never cleaned for 2 days! When packing to leave I found a nice crusted drip of sauce on the bed skirt too. It was disgusting. They obviously do not clean very often or well.. -Lastly, when checking out, we were surprised with several charges to our room that we did not make. Several hundred for cabana rentals, couch rentals and a bar tab at the pool. It took awhile but they did take off the charges which was good. That has never happened to us before. I guess someone picked our room number and went to town. . . I really wanted to love this hotel because the pool was a big plus and it's been a long time since staying on this side of the strip. I would stay at the MGM but we prefer suite style rooms.. . They need to spend more time on the details if they want to claim being a high end hotel and to justify the rate. . . It would take a lot to get me to come back. It's unfortunate because we travel to Vegas at least once a month to visit family. Sad that this hotel is no longer on our list. Back to the Vdara!
Okay here goes: Let's start with the good stuff - always the best way to start.. . *Free Valet Parking. *Every Room has a balcony (see below). *Fast elevators - very efficient. *Windows coated with gold reflective surface so the sun was kept at bay and you don't need to use your curtains to keep out prying eyes. You still need to close your curtains at night to keep out the light though.. *Very spacious bathroom, kitchenette and desk (although the desk was sticky/greasy) - really a spacious room overall.. *Halls and common areas were well decorated.. *A separate Pool for every tower and access to the MGM Grand Pools as well.. *Could not hear the patrons in the floor above or below or next door - very sound proof.. . SO WHY THE TWO STAR RATING YOU ASK? WELL HERE'S WHY:. . I had booked under my name - Christopher Travers - and my friend with whom I was traveling watched as I did the check-in. The check-in clerk asked that my friend's name be added to the reservation - we did that - and throughout the rest of the stay I was called by his name instead of my own - by everyone! If the person is "added" to the reservation - that person is NOT the person who made the reservation and NOT the person who is paying for the room - most likely. I was not called by my name again during the stay. The hotel takes pride in calling their patrons by name. But every time I picked up the phone for something I was greeted with "How can I help you Mr. Parker?" . . The first night - 10/19/12 - a person tried to get into my room ten or fifteen times at 3:00 am or 4:00 am - repeatedly putting his key into my lock and causing the bleeping to occur each time. I was awakened, of course, and could not sleep again. I waited about 20 minutes then decided to see if the person had gone  - nope - he was still there - he was asleep lying face-down on the carpet outside my door. I called the front desk and was told by the clerk that this sort of thing happens "QUITE FREQUENTLY" and that since there are three identical towers at The Signature people who have had a few too many drinks mistakenly choose the wrong tower and disturb the guests accordingly. The front desk clerk sent for security and the man was awakened and taken away. I wish I had known this because I would have booked another hotel with better security on the elevator banks at 3:00/4:00 am and saved myself the disturbances. (The Signature cannot distinguish the tower/keys with different colors or some similar thing??? Really? You allow this sort of thing to happen QUITE FREQUENTLY?) . . I booked the room originally because of the non-smoking policy as it's so rare to find a non-smoking hotel in Las Vegas - it appears to be the only non-smoking hotel - and for the $75.00 MGM Dining Incentive. We had a meal at THE PEARL and charged it to the room after having been told that the $75.00 would be deducted automatically when we did this. It was not. I had checked out entirely and was in may car exiting the property when *I* remembered the dining credit - checked the "final" bill and saw that NO, the dining credit had not been applied. So I had to go back, park, get back in the check-out line - after having initially waited for 10 minutes in the line to check-out the first time - it was 11:00 am Sunday morning after all - the official check-out time - I then had to wait again to have the matter resolved. If I book a room with a specific dining credit - I expect that credit to be applied automatically and that the credit is not dependant on my memory of the incentive - computers can be programmed to work for the client rather than the hotel - they really can! . . Another thing was the room safe. It was locked when we got in the room. We called the front desk and they said they would send a person to open it. They never did. We stayed for two nights and three days and at no time was the safe opened and at no time were we able to use it. . . On to the issue of "non-smoking rooms" - On Saturday morning our room was filled with smoke, from poor ventilation I suspect. It was not a whiff of smoke but filled with the smell of smoke. I went to the hall to see if someone might be smoking there. No. The halls were completely clear of smoke. So it can only have been the ventilation system drawing smoke in to my room from other rooms where smoking was occuring against the rules or from the "fresh" air intake from outside. Every time I went onto the balcony on the 30th Floor (!) the pungent smell of cigarette smoke filled the air. Every time. So perhaps it was the smoke from the smokers on the balconies that was drawn in and filling my room. You like to call yourself  a non-smoking hotel, but are you really? Really? Our room was FILLED with smoke. So that is not the case. (We did not have a repeat of the situation Sunday morning - no smoke then at all - which makes the Saturday incident even stranger.) . . More: The carpet in 30-705 in Tower Two is greatly worn and the sofa is snagged and ragged from so much use.
After staying at the cosmopolitan, this place was the pits.  There were a bunch of signs everywhere saying that service was their signature but it was probably on the worst to low end of service I received at a hotel.  First of all, the room key machine wasn't working and they said they'd bring them right up.  They never came and I had to call and request them.  I was also starving when I checked in and tried to order room service but I was on hold for over 30 minutes so I gave up.  I had to take a conference call and was stranded without food!. . No real amenities at this hotel versus others on the strip.  Just a bare bones place to stay that is pretty nice.  I wouldn't come back here given the choice.
I've been staying at the signature every year for the past 5 years when we attend our conventions I usually LOVE it and tell everyone who is going to the convention to stay there. The rooms are gorgeous  very spacious will a full kitchen. Beds are comfortable, bathrooms are great with whirlpool bathtub (my favorite). I had a two bedroom suite and stayed for 2 nights. I flew so i took a taxi in. I'm allowed one vehicle per room each night that I am a guest in their hotel. the second night my friend visited me and I was watching his kids leaving me with his car. The valet attendant wouldn't let my friends car park there and when I asked for a pass they said I had to go to security to obtain one. When I went with my friend to get the pass security laughed at me and states he was told SPECIFICALLY NOT TO GIVE ME ONE. I went back to the valet and asked to speak to the manager at that time I was furious WTF i have 2 rooms staying for 2 nights and i cant park a car that i am borrowing. I go now to the front desk and they said we will park car now but if we come back they wont park it. At this time I'm FURIOUS  I ask for the manager who never came down. So now I call him which he finally answers at this time I am just filled with ANGER. How the hell do you treat your registered guest who is staying 2 nights with 2 rooms and I just want to park one car for one night. Is this how you treat your guest laughing in their face! By the time I actually spoke with the manager I'm in tears and after he heard me crying was when they compensated me with food credit to my room but then again from that experience I don't want to stay at the signature again. TREAT YOUR GUESTS WITH RESPECT!!!! SHAME ON THE VALET SERVICE AND THE SECURITY BOOTH AT THE SIGNATURE!!!
My grandfather loves Vegas, and so does the rest of my family.  I've visited Las Vegas at least three times a year every year since I was five.  We often stayed at the MGM growing up, and so as an adult I continued to stay there.  The MGM was like a second home when we visited the strip.  In the past couple of years I started staying at the Signature, because of the room size.  My first two experiences with the hotel were great.  When my little sister was about to turn 21 I convinced her to fly to Las Vegas from New Jersey to celebrate.  They spent a lot of money to fly out, and it was her boyfriend's first trip since coming home from serving three terms in Afghanistan.  I wanted this trip to be perfect as you can imagine, but when they checked into the hotel they found vomit in the bath tub.  Vomit? Are you serious.  How we can we believe the hotel is clean and bed bug free if they can't even clean up vomit from a bathroom.  I felt awful that this was their first Vegas experience.  Very disappointed.  We even let the hotel know that we were celebrating two special occasions and they offered them a room with no balcony and no view, even though we paid for a balcony.  I'll never stay here again.
Ended up with Bedbug bites - yikes!  Stayed only at the Signature Hotel during our trip to Vegas and ended up with bedbug bites.  I wrote to the hotel and sent pictures.  To their credit, I received a followup call.. They stating the room was checked professionally and was clean. When I replied I only stayed at the Signature... I was told it was probably a heat rash - what???  I replied the 123 123 pattern down my leg is not a heat rash and confirmed by a professional in the exterminating business, as bedbugs.  Next reason offered: it probably came from a restaurant.....what??? Majority of my time was spent in the MGM Casino/restaurants/pool and room..... . Hotel: Very nice modern rooms, stove top, microwave, mini fridge, jacuzzi . Location:  bit far off the strip (yet quiet and non-smokey). Pool: wasn't the cleanest - strong chlorine smell . View: Got a balcony room with a great view!!!. Parking:  Valet only
We stayed at the Signature for three nights this past week.. Having been to Vegas many times, and stayed at many different properties, I think I have enough experience to really compare this hotel to others. And really, it didn't come out on top.. First, the location. I love to walk. I'm really athletic and not one of those complainers who take the escalator everywhere because they're too lazy. . That being said, I hated the Signature's location. It's far from the strip, and really - just getting to the strip is a chore. If you want to get to the middle of the action, it's hard to walk that far in heels. Ladies take note.. Also, the food was disgusting. Truly - we had food once at the pool and once from room service. I'm the sort of person who will pick a hair out of my food and keep eating, but even I was really disappointed at the quality of the food at this hotel. When I order nachos I don't want that easy cheese topping from 7-Eleven..seriously that is what we got. Salad drenched in dressing. Poor. . Starbucks ran out of Blonde roast the entire time we were there. . Pool service was crap - waitress having a personal conversation with another guest for literally 20 minutes while I had to wait for my drink. . Room was really nice but I could hear the people in the room next door. That always drives me nuts. Our TV remote didn't work properly and the channel selection was definitely poor. . . Pros:. The bathroom was huge and gorgeous..I couldn't find the toilet at first lol!. Staff were nice.. Fitness centre was clean and good selection of machines.. Pools were really nice and sheltered so even though it was a bit windy, it was still hot enough to lay out.. . All in all, we're staying at the Cosmopolitan next time.
I would love to rate this higher but three strikes and your out in my book. We used to stay here in the past however due too poor service we stopped coming to MGM. We have been going to the Wynn ever since very nice hotel however the crowd was a bit too old for our taste. We decided to give Signature a try three weeks ago, on the second day my wife's phone was stolen by the pool. The security dropped the ball and missed the chance to catch the person who they have on video. That cost us $199.00 to replace. We came back to Signature this week for a convention, they over charged for the room would not extend our stay and In fact when I told them we could book the room on Expedia for $120 per night they could care less. Instead we checked out moved to the Cosmopolitan we now have a room on the 37 floor over looking the Bellagio with a balcony and a tub that over looks the fountains. They could care less they lost us as clients. We will never return to MGM. Lousy service at the front desk in the morningcost them money. Much deserved credit goes to David and Serge in Tower 2 who checked us in, they no how to treat a guest, I look forward to seeing them over here at the Cosmo as for the front desk girls in the am, you would be fired if you worked for me.
The valet service is good but flawed, Sunday wait for your car after checkout was around 30min(as I was told), I waited over an hour because they lost my car and brought it to a different tower
Unfortunately I didnt have the best experience at this establishment. After driving 4 hours into Vegas, my boyfriend and I were anticipating a great couple of days at this suite hotel. When we walked in the receptionist went right to asking us our last name (no hello, or asking how we are) we were then given a key and told to enjoy our stay. while the woman next to us was getting a full on explanation as to where the EVERYTHING in and near the hotel was located. We were tired, so i let that slide. We went upstairs and the toilet was broke, there were toenail or fingernails on the floor and the phone didnt work to call downstairs. Yikes...so I went downstairs and was told i would have to wait on maintenance. I requested a different room (from a different attendant) and she said before doing that we would need to see what was wrong with the room? not sure why...but we waited.(mind you we wanted to shower,change, use the bathroom etc) No one was being apathetic what-so-ever.. . We ended up being put in another room. Which then led to me going downstairs to request a manager (from the first attendant that was rude) I explained that my boyfriend and I have experienced bad customer service thus far and would like to notify him of the employees they have. how quickly that changed everything and we were given 100 dollars to spend in the nearby restaurants and a discount. Interesting...now the rooms ARE nice but I dont know if i can say well kept considering all that we experienced with such bad customer service.
If you are a night person in Vegas and want to sleep during the day this is not the place for you. we were on the 25th floor and below us was reverberating club music coming up from the pool. So loud! Looked like everyone at it were enjoying themselves but those of us that need to sleep did not enjoy. We asked for another room but they were unable given we had booked the room through another site. 2 stars for the music and 2 stars for the customer service.
To purchase a place is actually a LOT of headache! . We stayed at my gf's place here at the MGM signature and they charge her for everything -even as a "guest" of her mother's we still had to put out $65 for the stay! . On top of all this the HOA fees are over $700 per month! . Fees FEEs FEeesss! . . pretty much you are banking that property value will go up and that is about it.
We stayed this past weekend at the Signature suites.  Candidly, I really found it hit and miss.  We booked through Luxury Suites International, and you had to call them instead of the front desk for housekeeping and any issues.  Kind of a pain.  I will say that they did respond quickly to requests.. . The rooms were fine and come with toiletries -- but don't look for any extras (like shower caps, swabs or cotton balls).  We left our rooms at 9am and when we came back at 3:00 pm they had not even been serviced and had to call down to get someone to come and do it (and yes, we did have the housekeeping light on).. . Also, they do hold a strict 3pm arrival --- be aware of this.  We were told we could ask for an early arrival and pay a small fee -- but no dice on this.. I will say that the staff were friendly and helpful, esp the guys by the bell desk and doing the valet parking, taxis. Also many thanks for recommending their own car service to the airport -- roomy trunk and inside, and the driver was great!  I totally recommend this -- about the same price as a cab -- but sooooo much nicer. . I will say that you don't get the smokiness in the hotel that a lot of the others (with casino attached) have.. . Having said all this -- not sure that I would go back though.  It is a bit off the beaten path and some of the other Vegas hotels look interesting.
Just spent 2 night here for the long holiday weekend.  I understand from other reviews and from the hotel website itself that experiences may vary based in the third party management company.  We had heard a lot of great things from others and booked our hotel on an online booking site.  Unfortunately, our experience of the weekend's theme from MGM was "Not our problem." . . The good - the kitchenette was a nice feature.  It was fully stocked with various utensils that were easily accessible (unlike the Vdara where you need to get things unlocked if you want to use them).. . The bad - The front desk staff was less than helpful.  We kind of wondered what their role even was.  Our coffee maker and bathtub were both broken, and when we tried to get these addressed no one was willing to take responsibility.   We left to go out for several hours and housekeeping didn't come until apparently we were in our room changing for later (around 4) and only left us a note saying their hours were 10-4 and to call some external company for fresh towels or anything.  They didn't even bother to knock to see if we needed anything.  . . This is our first experience with MGM Grand and won't be staying again.  I don't mind the condo part, but feel that if MGM is going to put their name on it then they should be more invested in its success.
