I don't know, kinda felt the pool was a little gimmicky. Of course its Cirque so the performers are amazingly talented, that's a given, and you almost feel like an uncultured twit if you don't glow over it but..... I just thought it was awkwardly constructed and left feeling it somewhere short of both a really good performance and a really good story. Glad I saw it though and probably still worth the money . . P.S. the zebra clowns suits are really creepy
Really. Really. Booooring. Beautiful to look at, but i wanted more acrobatics and entertainment. Too artsy for my taste.
4.5 stars?  Every person I know that has seen this show concurs that it works better than prescription sleeping pills.  I no longer have faith in Yelp as statements like "Money Well spent" is a JOKE.  Caveat emptor with these pricey vegas tickets.  After watching Le Reve then this the first thing that popped in my mind was "tourist trap".  Go to the RedBox, its much more entertaining.
So i'm the only person who hated this show?. . Hear me out.... . I have seen MANY Cirque shows. Therein lay the main problem.. . After seeing all of them I was able to see most of their previous shows mashed into this one... with the addition of a swimming pool. Which is used for some of the show, but not all.. . This is touted as a water show... correct?. . Too bad the pool is covered a majority of the time.. . There's no central theme. I'm not 90 years old, so synchronized swimming doesn't work me into a tizzy. It's a 'circus,' yes, but what's with the EXCESS amount of clown interludes... yes -- clowns, clowns and more clowns. Usually at cirque shows you deal with them as the stage is altered. WRONG.. . They should call "0" the clown show with some short water acts and all the other acrobatics and gymnasts you've seen in every other cirque show.. . Skip this and see a Cirque show when it comes close to you.
This is my first yelp review, but I felt so passionately that this show is a waste of money that I felt the need to share my thoughts. I am not one of those people that are difficult to please, or a debbie downer all the time.. . I have seen almost every cirque show in Vegas. Zumanity (twice), La Reve (twice), Love, and now "O." I like Cirque shows. However, all the hype led to higher expectations than what you actually see in "O." I was very impressed with the guy on fire (he burns throughout an entire scene)--but other than that, La Reve was much more impressive. . . La Reve has a much more intimate theater, no seat is poor. At O, the theater is jam packed and the seats uncomfortable. I was bored and very  uncomfortable the whole show!. . The clowns weren't funny, and were on stage for way too long. I would have been happier if the clown scenes were shorter, making the entire show a bit shorter. . . Our tickets were 25% off, still 393 for three people (after taxes and fees), at some of the best seats in the house. Row K, seats in the center, right on the edge of the middle section. Not worth it at all. I would not pay twenty bucks to see this again.. . Like all cirque shows, there wasn't really a theme... which usually doesn't bother me, but this one flowed even more awkwardly than the rest.  I recommend La Reve. It is passionate, and remarkably entertaining, although no true theme, I was able to connect with it. I had no emotional connection with O... Kind of just made me feel like I was having a bad dream... or hallucinating? Not good. Definitely too scary for kids, don't bring em.
I had always wanted to see the mother of all Cirque De Soleil shows, presumably "O" at the Bellagio, but tickets were always sold out while I was in Vegas. Somehow this past July 4 weekend, I was able to get tickets only a couple days before I left home.. . I had seen all other Cirque de Soleil shows in Vegas, such as: "KA", "Zumanity", "Mystere", "Le Reve", so my expectation for this O show was very high. . . The stage for O was the most elaborate and beautiful. I give it a 5-star. But the show itself was boring. It was nothing but a bunch of acrobatic performances. I've seen them all already at the Circus Circus Hotel and Casino(minus the water) in Vegas and the shows there were free, I didn't have to pay a dime for it. Somehow they perform the same stunts at the O and they charge you $200 to see it.. . There were a lot of things going on around the stage while the main act is undergoing. Actors were running around, yelling, singing, dancing but it's just to give you an impression that the show is big and the acts are grand but in reality they know the acts are boring so basically they have a bunch of people running around so the audience doesnt fall asleep.. . Basically it's nothing but a bunch of boring acrobatic performances in a beautiful theater. That's all there is to it.
I had very high expectations for O. For years, I have been dying to see this because everyone raves about it. It fell short of my expectation.. . I have to admit the stage itself deserves 5 stars. Since it was a water-based show, the stage consisted of a pool and diving boards. It was extremely unique, BUT the show was rather boring. While the main act was going on, there were a lot of other things happening as well. Other scenes within with performers running around screaming and I believe this takes away from the main show.. . My favorite part of the show would be near the end when all the divers begin to perform their diving tricks. I also really enjoy the two comedians on top of the house. Other than that, I thought it was pretty boring.
hmmm... I know this show has such high remarks , but i have to say, i found it boring. I was struggling to not fall asleep. The performers were diving down into a stage filled with water and I give credit to the performers b/c it was very high up. but the show itself is just boring. I have seen better shows from cirque du soleil.
Two stars because honestly, meh, I've experienced better. . . For what I paid for, I expected more. Saw some shows in Asia before that did what O does and paid more than half the prices. I choose Zumanity over O. The details are great, but only if you truly know what's going on in the storyline. . . The set is beautiful and very glamorous. . . If this is your fist time seeing a show like this, then maybe it's worth it. If this is not your first one and you seen something similar, then chances are the other ones are better.
Bad show? Or did a series of unfortunate events skew my judgement?. . First, we were seated in the balcony which is so far away it is impossible to enjoy the show. I have perfect vision and if i can't see from there the seats should not exist [or should cost less]. I was so disconnected from the performance it felt like i was watching TV. We booked 3 weeks before and those were the only seats.  Still cost me over $110 for a ticket. . . The show had some slow parts which were coupled with 0 audience interaction at my level. . . I fell asleep for a brief moment...yes i was tired going into this already and i had a large alcoholic drink to my face beforehand :) :). . I have to say, i appreciate these people 100%, the acrobatics are great, the performance was crazy but i really was not feeling this one at all. I go on entrainment factor and i was just not entertained. . . I learned my lesson, book early and sped the few extra dollars for the better seats. . . I WILL make it a point to go back one day and sit closer.
Did anyone else see the 1-800 number on the sign during the performance? 2/3 of the way through...one of the characters carried a sign across the furthest point back on the stage. The sign read 1-800-724-HOTT (or something similar). . . Really? I just paid $250 for tickets and spotted a very subtle ad for a sex hotline in the middle of the show. I don't know, I was shocked, but I certainly wasn't the only one who saw it. It just seems sickening to think of how much tickets cost, and yet the company is still seeking out ad revenue.. . And just as reference, the sign was the exact same size, style and print as the "Applaud" sign that shows up near the end of the show. And carried by the same character, only on the front part of the stage, not the back.. . Otherwise, the performance was spectacular. . . The "limited view" seating does save you a good chunk of money. I chose this option. The seats we sat in were just barely, BARELY blocked by a hand railing. You can see the view from the seat on the Bellagio website, but I guarantee you will be happy having saved the money, still sitting closer to the front, and seeing a bit of guard rail on the stage. It's worth the savings by far.
I watched the "O" show a few years ago and absolutely loved it. It was my first time watching a Cirque Du Soleil and what a spectacular show. It's truly one of the top shows in Vegas and I always recommended people to see it. Last Saturday my family had a mini vacation in Vegas and a few relatives wanted to watch a show. My best friend and I immediately recommended the "O" show. We believe everyone should see it once. . . The show was almost sold out, so we broke up in a group of 6 and 4. We got the upstairs seats, fourth rolls from the back. We paid $137 each ticket. It was too far for the price. As for the show, I don't know how to begin. It was boring and many acts were repetitive (swings back and forth). What happen to the former performers? I know they revised the show/story once a couple years, but it was lousy. The comedy was stupid.. . A few of us fell asleep and my cousin left the theater. There's absolutely no excitement. The best parts of the shows were the people jumping in the water and the stage itself. We were all disappointed. I felt bad for recommending this show. We should have seen Mystere or Ka or even Le Reve, which I've also seen a couple of times. Sorry but O can't hold up to its standard or being one of the best shows in Vegas anymore! I will not watch or recommend it again. :(
I was very highly recommended to see this show by many people.  While in Vegas I saw KA and O.  I really loved Ka, but I have to say I was very disappointed by O.  The diving and choreography were awesome and beautiful, but as a show, I found it to be confusing, disjointed, strange, and kind of... underwhelming.  For the money I was severely disappointed.  I will have to see other shows to see what else is out there, but I definitely prefered Ka to O.
I've seen many Cirque du Soleil.  According to many individuals, O is considered one of the best.  However, I would like to disagree.  I expected a lot more from O considering that the cost compared to other cirque du soleil shows.  Don't get me wrong.  I was impressed by some of the acts, but what I was most impressed was the stage (how it transitions seamlessly from water to stage and vice-versa).  The show can be slow at times (the intermission with the clowns is quite boring).  I didn't buy my tickets in advanced, so I had to buy tickets with "limited" view.  My advice is DON'T.  You're not saving much money if any, and the view is terrible especially when the lights on stage shined right at you (upper session).   Not only can you not see the acts but you're blinded by the lights.  They should have designed the seating better.  I went to see "Le Reve", which is a similar show, and every seats is a great seat.  I actually believe that Le Reve is a better show than O.
I wish I could've discovered Yelp 10 years ago and wrote how much I enjoyed watching "O" and how it had become my most favorite Cirque show of all time. And then write an update on how disappointed I am 10 years later. . . Don't get me wrong, if you haven't watched a Cirque show, I'd still recommend it. Definitely a very awe-spiring show to incorporate water into their acts, but personally. this is not one of my favorite Cirque productions. . . Ten years ago, I was 15, sitting smack in the middle only few rows from the stage. It was seriously the best seats I've ever gotten in a Cirque show, which already had set the tone as 'this will be my favorite'. Just a few months ago I came to Vegas with a friend who has never seen a Cirque production, so I was ecstatic on bringing him to see 'the best Cirque showin Vegas'. This time, it was so hard to stay awake, and it's not because I was drinking and partying all day (well..). Anyway the way I see it, it's like Swan Lake on actual water with some cool circus tricks. Everything just seemed really slow and boring. I don't think it portrays Cirque's unique talents, special effects, and overall production to its' highest potential. . . If this show existed by itself, I would applaude them for everything they have accomplished creating this show. I still do think they deserve a lot of credit because none of it is easy. I just know that there are a lot of other Cirque productions that have seriously left me (O.O) walking out of the theatre, that I can't praise this one with such a high review. . . I would highly recommend this show to an older crowd looking for a romantic, elegant evening. That's how they portray this show as anyway, right? If you're looking for something for the kids, or with more energy and excitement, I say look into Ka or Mystere.
This show was slow, boring, and expensive. . . I can't believe the amount of 5 stars this show gets. I only saw probably 3 things that really amazed me. The contortionists, the mid-air boat thing, and the woman standing on her head really impressed me. Everything else seemed like fluff or a repeat of what other Cirque shows had. KA was my first Cirque show and that seemed a lot more interesting with the stage. I wished they did more diving from high up. They only dived like 3 times and they didn't really do much tricks. I felt like when i watched the water show on the Oasis of the Seas those divers did a heck of a lot more, and that was with the boat moving! . . Those clowns on that house and dancing with two dudes was boring. I was trying so hard to stay awake. I understand that they need to change the stage and the performers need a break but come on... there has got to be more entertaining ways to do this.. . We got seats below the balcony for $160 which I thought had great views.200 levels. I think the price was a little higher since it was Columbus Day holiday, not sure what normal price was. Great thing about those seats were that we didn't have to walk through rows because we got individual seats not next to each other. The drinks were pricey and you could bring your own drinks in but we didn't have time to do it. . . If this is your first Cirque show, you will be amazed. If not, you'll feel like you've seen most of it already.
Hint to the people interested in seeing the most expensive Cirque show in Vegas. If you pay for the limited view seating in the middle section there's barely anything obstructing your view and you sit next to people who paid $80 more per tix.. . Because this show was massively hyped, I couldn't wait to see this. This show was extremely slow and didn't have that many acrobatics. I can understand why people like this show if it was the first Cirque show they've ever seen but at one point I was hoping this would end. . . There were a few interesting scenes with the divers and the floating boat (which I wished they would do more daring acrobatics). Everything else wasn't that interesting at all. This was not worth the hype and if you had to choose a cirque to watch I'd take Ka. . . We've seen a lot of shows in Vegas and so far this is my ranking for the more expensive ones:. . Absinthe (Caesars, hands down best show if you like crude humor) . Ka (Cirque, action and actually has a story). Blue Man Group (Monte Carlo). O (Cirque). Le Reve . Zarkana (Cirque). Zumanity (Cirque). Jubilee. Jabbawockeez
Boy what a stage scenery and mise-en-scene BRAVO on that.. With everything else I wasn't impressed at all,a lot was going on but nothing caught my eyereally.. The circus acts reminded me of the same acrobatic acts I'd seen before and the water choreographies   appeared rather messy. Definitely not $200 worthy and certainly not a deserved standing ovation (C'mon people have a certain standard)!. My hubby next to me had really the I-fall-aslepp kinda look on his face. and I can't blame him.. . I expect way more for this kind of money.. . Definitely not for kids, it's a creepy kind of show.
Feel a bit let down on this show.  After skimming through a few reviews.  I have to agree with nearly everything all of what the 3 star and below reviewers say.  Kind of too much going on, no real storyline that I could follow, just a bunch of random stuff, and nothing to really make you go WOW.. . The underwater pool lift thing was already spoiled by my trip on the Oasis of the Seas cruise ship.  They have a show in the back of the ship that is similar to O.  In retrospect, that show was actually a bit more impressive because it had the same pool lift tricks, underwater entry points, guys underwater with scuba gear to supply performers with oxygen.  Oh and divers jumping from 30+ feet into a  22'x52' 17-foot deep pool on a MOVING ship.
The staff let people in late to the show, so you get people walking in your field of view for the first 20 minutes. . Do NOT get seats in row O, 9 and 10.  They are partially obstructed view seats, but sold as full price tickets. You have the stairs railing obstructing the lower part of the stage, and worse, when people walk up and down the stairs, they walk right in front of you, blocking the show. . Ushers are of no help, as they walk there also.
Dull, dull, dull. There was no story, which might have been okay if the show didn't move so slowly and they didn't used boring clown bits to fill transition times that seemed to go on forever. The acrobatics and diving were impressive, as was the scenery, but it was confusing from beginning to end. Perhaps I am biased because I love character development etc., but they made it seem like there was a story to follow and then just never built upon it. Overpriced for what it was. Save your money. Wish we had gone to see the pet circus instead.
MEHHHHH! I would have given this 3 stars probably, but seeing as I paid $238 for 2 LIMITED VIEW seats, here's 2 little stinking stars, you assholes.. . CONS:. -SLOWWWW - I was literally falling asleep in the beginning. The soft music was lulling me to bed, and it was hard to really see what the synchronized swimmers were doing. . - Stupid clown act. Literally every time the clowns came out, a little piece inside of me started fuming for having dished out the cash for this show. I paid for breath-taking choreography and death-defying stunts, not a clown/mime act that my neighbor's little kids could have performed. I guess these two clowns were supposed to be funny and charming and serve as a break for the real performers to rest, but all they did was piss me off.. - Absolutely nonsensical story-line. Did the plot just progress? IS there a plot? Shit, are the damn clowns coming back?. . PROS:. - Show ended better than it started, as the music picked up and the focus shifted from boring synchronized swimming to trapeze and fire-dancers and contortionist acts.. - Music was live and it was fun to see the guys in the studio windows jamming on keyboards and stuff. . - Special water stage set-up was cool . . After reading all these rave yelp reviews, the show was pretty disappointing. "O" didn't even come CLOSE to the Cirque "LOVE" show, so go see that one instead!!! It's faster-paced, has better stunts and music, the stage arena is positioned better so that ALL seats are good, and it's more affordable!
IMHO O is overrated. . . The clowns are mind numbingly boring. The acts are excellent but repetitive. If you don't have top priced tickets a lot of the water action is hard to see. . . Mystere or LOVE are much more interesting methinks.
