I had been here before and loved it, but if my recent trip was any indication it has gone downhill severely.  My wife and I went for lunch around noon and the restaurant was about half full.  We ordered our drinks/meals and everything was fine at that point.  That is when the trouble started.. . First off, any Joe's veteran knows about the crack-crack-crack method for easily eatable crab when done correctly.  However, my order of stone crabs appeared to be just CRUSHED with a sledgehammer.  I spent almost my entire time removing teeny tiny bits of shell from each bite I took.  It was terrible.  Secondly, about the time our food arrived, the restaurant was completely filled.  Not sure if they understaffed on purpose or not, but that was the result.  Drinks went unfilled, napkins could not be obtained, and the check took forever.. . Having been to Joe's enough to know the potential, this was a severely dissatisfying experience.  As a general rule, when I am paying a premium (and at Joe's, you WILL pay a premium) for my seafood, I expect a quality meal that simply put, was not delivered for many reasons.  I will probably try them again and see if this was an anomaly or not.
We had a business dinner with 8 people. The staff is good. Very professional and well trained. The food.....Egh, not so good. We had seafood and steaks. To be honest, the seafood was tasteless. I mean no taste, I mean just bland! for that price it should have some flavor. I had the potato encrusted fish and my colleague had fish as well (cannot remember what it was). We both commented on how tasteless it was. Anyway, lunch the day before was good but dinner, not so much. Will not return next time in town.
The strip gave me crabs......... . What's all the hoopla about?? I'm really shocked to see so many of my favorite yelpers give this place a five stars. Have you guys eaten dungeness crabs before?? The sweetness of fresh dungeness crabs kills these wimpy flavorless stone crabs. I know my crabs too. I prefer crabs over lobster any day of the week. But for the price of $54 for the large order, I don't get it! I should have went for the typical Alaskan King crab or a nice lobster tail. I guess I'm mad at the fact that stone crabs are the most tasteless member of the crustaceans.. . Maybe the steak will save the day? not a chance! I like my steaks thick, crisp searing, and piping hot on a sizzling plate.  That is my criteria and I will not take anything less than that when I pay $50 for a hunk of meat. Sadly, this was more like a mediocre steak, thick sliced, juicy but served warm on a cold plate. I call this a typical ski lodge steak. Except,  the ski lodge steaks are better because I'm sore and hungry from the mountains beating me up.. . Add in poor service and you have the stars definitely NOT aligned for me on this day.
In short: poor service, average food and premium prices.. I understand busy.  But if you are going to charge $60 for a steak, please at least stop by the table and ask me if it is cooked correctly.  If we have to ask three times for a simple condiment, we will probably finish without needing it at the end of the meal.. There are probably 50 steak restaurants on the strip - I will try the other 49 before I were to eat here again.
food: totally overrated.  yes, the quality might be good, but everything is so awfully bland!. . service: very very stuffy and condescending. . final thoughts: ehhhh
2 stars, I was not impressed...... . On my last trip out I went here. I had such high hopes for this place but found it to be lacking in every single area. The seafood was sub par at best, I found that I have had much better crab out east. The service was average, I think our waiter filled up our water glass twice and was much busier with his other tables.. . I dined here with my Mother and Wife and they felt the same way. They spent some money on the place because the decor was nice. This is a major tourist trap though. They need to do a better job with the food!. . I won't make a return trip to Joes :(
I was looking forward to finally trying Joe's Stone Crab. I have seen on it TV shows, heard great things from others who have been there, and thought I was going to be in for a treat. Unfortunately I was sadly mistaken. I went with the big crab legs and we had the creamed spinach, pan roasted sweet corn, mashed potatoes, lyonnaise with some oysters on the half shell. The oysters and sides were good and so was the wine (rioja) but the stone crab was a flop. Now maybe it was because they weren't in season and if that was the case I will research and try them again when they are in season. What will make me seek out a different restaurant to try them in was the service. We had two tables with a total of 15 people. For the two tables we were given one waitress who was VERY slow. Forget about the fact it took forever for us to get a drink order in, it took even longer for the drinks to finally arrive. Overall it was a disappointing experience at what should have been an excellent restaurant. My company is in Vegas twice a year and I was hoping this would be a restaurant that would be on our annual list, but it was so bad we skipped dessert and had cigars and after dinner drinks somewhere else instead.
Went here on a whim. Have to say I was not impressed. The food was OK, but nothing to write home about. The Chocolate/Peanut butter Cheesecake was pretty awesome thoughI've been to better and less expensive Steak & Seafood houses. When in Las Vegas I would skip this restaurant. If you have to go there, just have some drinks at the bar.
We booked a table for 8pm and by 9pm we were told real estate was expensive in Las Vegas, and we had had the fastest expensive meal ever. So if you want fast food at top money ok, but if you want to make the meal an evening forget it. Just after as much money as fast as possible!
i am far from a steak and/or seafood connoisseur but as a food fanatic - i know a good steak and a good seafood joint when i eat at one. despite all the great reviews Joe's received i'd have to say i'm rather disappointed. i'd rather give joe's 2.5 stars if i could but it was a touch below a-okay and i indeed have experienced better. but the prices were rather fair (steak and lobster wise). . . ambiance was rather lively and loud. i would recommend this place more so for a fun date or a night out with the boys but not for romance due to noise levels. the host stand was very professional but gave a bit of a condescending presence as they tower over you and look down at you when being assisted. . the wait staff was full and plenty as we sat by what seemed to be the kitchen door. like worker ants they would file out of one door with food and in another door with empty plates. i don't recall our servers name but when we sat right around 7 o'clock service was top notch. there was other tables around us and we all seemed to have the proper amount of attention. food was brought out in a timely manner as were drinks. but the minute a large group sat next to us - we were no longer top priority. i understand this concept as i used to be a waiter myself - but it doesn't justify the action. after our main courses were dropped off - we ate. but with the larger group near by - we no longer got service. no one checked to see if we needed anything else. or if everything even tasted okay. we finished off our wine and our water and no refills were offered either. instead we ate our food and waited. when my brother asked for tabasco or steak sauce - we were told it was coming. but no one came. he asked a second time but again we were no longer a priority. . . the food itself was mediocre. coming from seattle we have an abundance of steak houses and seafood so my standard is set high. the filet mignon i had was good. but far from great. tender and juicy and a very basic seasoning (i'm guessing just salt and pepper) nothing about it to set it above the rest. could have made the same dish buying a package of prime grade beef at costco. the lobster tail was a little under cooked for my taste. a little bit of a slimy texture in the center. and it was served in the tail (cut in half) on my plate which made it a little harder to eat as i'm used to (steak houses i go to), the waiter usually removes the tail from the shell before i consume it. i had no extra plate to place the shell on and i didn't find it appropriate to leave it on the table. so i worked around it. but i will say for $59.95 it was a fairly priced meal. my brother on the other hand had the filet mignon and King Crab Legs. we were "sold" that they were HUGE legs and delicious. fresh and great! when they came out... there was a measley (maybe) one leg cut into three pieces. not much bigger than snow crab. not huge, barely delicious... and if it wasn't for the melted butter - i wouldn't consider it very great.. given that i have had true alaskan king crab legs before - a single leg about 2 feet in length and about 3 inches in diameter with claws the size of my hand... so yes my idea is skewed. but can i be blamed for expecting the best at a restaurant that self proclaims itself as the best in vegas?. . as we finished our meal - we had to waive a busser down to find our waiter to close our tab out. in the end... after rockerfeller oysters, kumoto oysters, stone crabs, filet mignon with lobster and king crab, and two glasses of wine. i can say... meh - i've experienced better.
If it were last week i would have given joe's a 5 star. Just had a terrible waiter named Brandon serving us for lunch yesterday. He seemed to forgot a lot of stuff specifically in our table. First ,it took him a long time to ask me what drink i want . He did not offer us any bread ( Tables next tous are getting theirs and we ordered 4 adults menu. )Then, he forgot to give my 5 year old niece her apple juice and her ice cream that she is been looking forward to that is supposed to be included in her kids meal. The poor kid is very thirsty ! My sister asked him twice before he finally gave it to her. He forgot to give us towels   after our meal .... one reason I love coming to joe's is because of this nice little extra that they give you warm towels after you order alaskan crab or stone crabs. It makes your hand feel clean and not stinky. Again, he gave towels to the tables next to us that he is serving. I ordered $ 150.00 of to go meals and he was happy to automatically charge me 18 % gratuity  on that as well. The nerve when his service sucked ! He is lucky i was still nice enough to give him a 20 % tip for our $ 100 lunch . . We usually get excellent service -  when I am with my husband that is Caucasian. My sister actually pointed this out. Not trying to pull the Racial stuff but it sure does seems like it. Did he think we are ignorant Asians ?. For Las Vegas that is a thriving tourist economy , those that in the tourist industry should be more mindful in catering to individuals and should not look  at the color of their skins. Tourists or not, We are the reason why you have jobs !  You get better service at IHOP ! . . Joe's should also consider putting a more friendlier matre d for lunch . He is not very helpful .  The girl that answers the phone is also very rude to me because I have an accent. This happened yesterday, April 9,2012. . . Other that that food is excellent !
Not really worth it. Just paying for location
Not sure why this place gets such great reviews. The service was good but the food just ok and the location/atmosphere ok.. I found the price very expensive as well.. Not worth it.
OK,. . I have eaten at Joe's several times in Miami and Phyllis who lived most of her life in Miami was a regular.. . She dragged me to Joe's in Vegas as a non negotiable demand!. . It was very disappointing. . . It lacked the ambiance of old school elegance that Joe's portrays inMiami, the decor was similar but the service was not. Although good the Vegas servers did not carry off the spirit of "old school" as expected.. The worse part was the stone crabs, why we where there. They where not great. Not really bad but not up to the Joe's name.. . All in all the meal and experience where not worth it. If you are a Joe's Miami fan you will not be happy.. . Finally this is not a value for the money and it is not hard to do much better in Vegas.
Don't waste your money on this place.  Go to Del Frisco's instead.  Way better quality.. . Joe's has a nice ambience; it is conveniently located in Caesar's and the after-dinner coffee was tasty but the positives end there.  I can't believe this place gets so many 4* reviews.. . Although a variety of bread is presented in the basket, the bread lacks freshness and isn't served warm.  The butter was hard too.. . My husband and I order calamari everywhere we go and this was pretty poor- small skinny pieces, chewy and nothing special or tasty about it at all.  The breading wasn't hot and crispy like one would expect.  The mashed potatoes tasted like instant potatoes from a box.  My husband got the dover, which was deboned tableside, but it was relatively tasteless.  He also had oysters and they were "meh" according to a guy who eats them often.  . . I had scallops and shrimp as my main course and both were overcooked which really impacts the flavor and texture of those foods.  I let my husband try some and he concurred that they were overcooked.  It's pretty bad to get that wrong when you are a steak and SEAFOOD restaurant.. . The service was good although our table remained covered in crumbs and even though I brushed the table off in front of the waitress, she never scraped the crumbs between courses or when clearing the table like they do in a lot of "better" restaurants.  For the money I really expected better food and slightly more from the service.
I really don't get the hype of the stone crabs. The taste like any other crab I can get for a fraction of the price elsewhere. The lobster bisque also underhwelmed me. They put this slaw/veggie mixture at the bottom, put LOBSTER! When they use veggies it just gives me the impression they are trying to add filler without the cost to a dish. I also ordered the lamb chops, those had to be taken back. While it was juicy, it was so heavily salted (and I love my salt) I was still tasting the sodium minutes after having a bite. The seafood chopped salad was like the rest of the meal, Meh. I would not come back here, nothing impressed me enough to want to try it again.
Unremarkable.. . One star for atmosphere, one more for the food. There really is nothing outstanding here and it's expensive. Perhaps upwards of $60 for a ribeye is standard these days, but to me that's a freakin' ripoff.. . One of my dining companions, who lived in FL for many years and had regularly been to original branch of Joe's in Miami, said this did not stack up. . . The claws were decently prepared and the mustard sauce for dipping was tasty, but I've been to other similar restaurants that are far better. For $100 per person, including tip with an average of one drink and a dessert split by the entire table of 6, it felt overpriced for what we received.. . While perhaps a few years ago, before the economy went south, it would seem that the prices being charged were symptomatic of a worthwhile premium for eating at a certain caliber of restaurant here in Las Vegas and simply having to pay the freight in order to do so, it now seems more like desperation borne of a need to squeeze every dollar out of customers in a city that has no real gravitas. . . Turn up the heat, Las Vegas, you can't be a world class city unless you mind the details and stop charging for the sake of charging. It's just not that cool here.
OK, this is a review for their seafood - as I've never eaten steaks there before.. . I used to love this restaurant. The last time I was in Vegas, I stayed for 3 month - I take a long vacation every year,,, about 2 years ago. I went to Joe's probably 5 times to eat king/stone crabs and shrimps and such. It was amazing. 5 stars back then.. . This time I have been staying in Vegas for over 2 month already, eating out everyday and night - spending a lot of $$$$. Sadly enough, I have found quality of Vegas restaurant business has gone pretty bad. Maybe it's because of the depression. Maybe they've found easier way to get more money - like night club. Well, whatever the reason was, I decided to go to Joe's to refresh myself,,,, hopefully not to waste money anymore.. . Service - Outstanding. They are the professionals.. . Atmosphere - 3 stars as always. Not so special but it is all ok with me.. . Food - . . Crabs - Not good anymore. They are pretty much tasteless. I don't know what happened to them. Simply tasteless. Not worth eating it even if it's $5.. . Ceviche - Terrible. It was amazing last time, tho, this time it was like stuffing out of a cheap seafood taco made by hole in the wall type of place in LA. They don't even use cilantro and red onion. They made it with some sort of salsa. Shrimps and scallops didn't have any flavor. They were just chewy thing without any taste. TERRIBLE.. . Lobsters - flavorless again. It doesn't even smell like a lobster. . . Oysters - It is OK. 2 years ago, it was MUCH BETTER, tho.. . We have to walk away as soon as we finished drinking wines. All we order was just appetizer - ended up paying more than $100 for these small items. . . I was gonna rate it 3 stars for the service, but no,,,, I have to be honest because I don't want you to be disappointed. Don't get crabs and shrimps this year (they were saying it was very seasonal, fresh, and good. Turned out to be pretty crappy). Maybe next year, they may able to find good seafood. . . . I was looking forward to eating here for a while - so it was VERY disappointing.
We made a reservation through Open table at 8:30pm on 12/24, and we arrived there early around 7pm hoping they have cancelled booking and can change our reservation sooner.. . We went in and asked them nicely if they have anything available sooner than 8:30pm.  And that guy responded in a very bad attitude and say no.  So I repeated to ask again and say that is there any chance?  And he suggested "YOU CAN CHOOSE NOT TO COME" . . What kind of service is that?  And what kind of attitude is that.  . . After we walked around and my husband suggested to go ask another guy and pretend it's walk-in and they seat us right away.. . So no tables for people who made reservation and tables for people right away??? I really don't understand.... . . But the food is very good tho, that's why even after the bad attitude we still ate there
Came here because of the reviews. Had high expectation and we waited about 20 mins to be seated. But honestly the red lobster cooked better seafood. The grilled shrimps were very dry. Our server disappeared after we got our food. Took FOREVER to ask for our bill.
I don't see how this place is 4 stars.. . I started off with the stone crab bisque. It was quite tasty, so I expected everything else to be good as well, but it wasn't.. . I had the grilled fisherman's platter. Getting a dish like this tells you alot about the quality of their seafood. There's no sauces, seasonings, or extra flavors to hide behind. Just cooked fish and maybe a little butter and lemon. Well, it wasn't good, the seafood wasn't fresh, and it wasn't properly cooked either.. . Onto the roasted chicken. Yeah I know it's a seafood place, but hey, a good restaurant should have good dishes all around. It wasn't a good dish and this is not a good restaurant. Somehow it was dry and greasy at the same time.. . Service was pretty excellent, but the food was a letdown.
Stale bread, bland sword fish, slow service. On the up side, the crabs were nice. Our best dish of the night was the brocolini. Which isn't saying much about the restaurant.
Food: good. Burnt corn and potatoes are stars.. . Service: Make sure to pack a 5 hr energy cuz you need it to stay awake at the rate the service is here.
Food was 3 stars, service was 1 star; so 2 stars it is! . . Terrible service courtesy of our server Monica. If I am at a "nice" restaurant, I expect to be treated "nicely." We thought our server was just having a bad day, until we watched her interact with other tables. She was very chipper and helpful to everyone else. She didn't ask us if we had any questions, she never brought the straw we asked for, she did not bring us hot towels and lemon after we had stone crab. I don't know if she treated us this way because we looked kind of scrubby and young? That doesn't mean we don't know how to tip, lady... In fact, we still tipped 11%, which is much lower than we usually do, but much higher than I thought she deserved. . . Food was meh. Has anyone that has given this place over 3 stars BEEN to the original Joes in Miami?? . . Why would they even try to tell you it's almost the same thing as the one in Miami. Not even close. I had the best restaurant experience I've ever had in my life at Joes in Miami. Best service, best food, best everything! . . They didn't have the large stone crabs. From some other low star reviews I'm understanding they often don't have them. Don't even put them on the menu then... Also the lobster bisque was oddly sweet. I wanted the lobster hash I got in Miami but the only thing they had that was similar was the big daddy hash (not on the menu - hash with onions bacon and cheese). It was okay. The fried chicken was also alright, but not worth twenty dollars. It's only seven dollars in Miami and way better. . . Didn't get drinks because we were about to drive to LA and kind of hungover. The only thing I like about Joes Vegas vs Joes Miami is that Vegas has cocktails and liquor - Miami only has wine. . . I wouldn't recommend this place. There are PLENTY of other better restaurants on the strip to blow your money at. But definitely check out the Joes in Miami if you ever can. My favorite restaurant ever
I had dinner last month at Joe's in Miami, and dinner at Joe's in Vegas a week ago.. . Miami Joe's is still very good, but Vegas Joe's is going downhill. . Food was dull and uninspired.. Plus my dinner companion's seabass entree came out halibut.. . The waiter did his best to make up for the mix-up, but something like that just shouldn't happen at a restaurant with Joe's history and pedigree.. . Say it ain't so, Joe.
This place is okay...i am giving it a 2.5 only because my friends I was with enjoyed their meal.  Maybe a 3 since they really liked it.  I had the oysters on the half shell and the large stone crab.  The oysters were good but DO NOT get the stone crab....it's expensive and it's nothing special.  I have been to this chain in Miami and the stone crab there was much fresher- even then i would not recommend.  The ones here came out partially thawing...just blah!!!  You get 6 for $45 or so...go get yourself a good seafood buffet and you would enjoy it a whole lot more.  Like I said, I have good taste- and this is surly not it.  . My friend really liked the steak and seafood bisque on the other hand so hence the 3 star.  I didn't taste either though.
We chose Joe's for my husbands birthday dinner last weekend.  Appetizers and drinks were okay, they served a Moscow Mule in a glass versus a copper cup, forgivable.  Dinner is where it all went wrong.  Our dinner companions asked several times if the ahi was lightly seared and was assured it would come out sushi grade.  When the food came out I could see from across the table the ahi was completely cooked through.  My husband had to send his lobster back to the kitchen because it was undercooked.  My mahi mahi had to be cut with a knife it was so overcooked.   This was the most disappointing meal we had in Vegas.  I will be sure to advise my friends to stay away - too many great restaurants in Vegas to waste your time.
Went here while on vacation with a group of friends.  I was expecting to have a nice steak dinner.  The service was nice, the atmosphere was nice, but the food was less than average.  Prices were reasonable, but the food was nothing to write home about.  I have had much better at other steakhouse.  I ordered the filet and mac and cheese.  The filet was good, but nothing special...I could do better.  The mac and cheese had no flavor and was very basic.  Being that this is in the Caesars Palace shops, I would expect a lot more from this restaurant.  They are also known for their crab, which I did not have.  With all of the steak houses in Vegas, I will not return here.
Blah!  I had such an average meal here last night.  I remember it being much better when we ate here a few years ago. However, I was totally unimpressed last night.  We ordered the bisque and I couldn't even finish it.  Not that great.  The halibut reminded me of a cafeteria.  All in all, complete waste of money.  If I want good seafood, I'll head to Mastro's.  Oh, and our waiter never noticed that I didn't eat my bisque, because he never came to check on us.  Average food and below average service. I won't be back.  There are so many better places to eat in Vegas.
The Stone Crab and Joe's is fantastic if you catch it on the right day.  Sunday afternoon I sat at the bar and enjoyed great service and a terrific meal.  That 1st visit was a recon mission for a future date with the wife.  My honey & I went on a Thursday night.  The crab was horribly spoiled, the texture was odd and it tasted like ammonia.  The waiter was a clod hopping oaf.  I should have flipped my plate on the floor, spit in the face of the idiot and walked out without paying!  Caesars can be like this, hit-or-miss... Caveat emptor!
We (8 friends) have been coming to this restaurant for several years during our annual Vegas trip. The service and food are always great. Not anymore. We reserved a specific table 3 months in advance. When we got to the maitre 10 mins before reservation time he said he would not seat us until the whole party was here and by the way "you need to be aware that we need to sell the table again so don't take too long". Incredible. He would not sit 4 of us (the rest were shopping for a few minutes) AND he had the gall to tell us to hurry up once we sat. This at a place that typically sets us back at least $150 per person. So our table sat empty while the rest of the party arrived (15 mins). Of course we had told the maitre that if he sat us before the rest arrived we would start drinking and eating. He still refused. When he finally sat us, I politely thanked him and asked his name. His answer? "What is YOUR name?"  I gave it him and he just looked at me, refused to say anything and left. This is truly apalling service for any price level. Clearly these guys feel like their full house (and mostly tourists) justifies them giving unacceptably bad service. Spend your money somewhere else, where they will actually appreciate it.. . Post-meal update: The stone crab legs were ok and the King crab was amazing. Mac and cheese always great and two people said they would come back just for the banana cream pie. Our server, JJ, was funny, nice and professional. As usual, after countless crabs legs and bottles of a really nice white, we paid ~$150 per person and would be well worth it except for the maitre'd interaction, which really soured us on the place (I upped it to two stars because of JJ and the great food). The owner has contacted me, which is always a good sign of managers actually caring.
They got rid of the maui sandwich which was excellent.  The crab bisque was basically soup with very little crab sprinkled on top.  Fish tacos lacked flavor.  They forgot the side I ordered, put the order in late, brought it at the end of the meal, and charged it to us.
