Food is good (not amazing or anything) but just like any other hole in the wall Thai place. This place became trendy and it totally worth going but you will leave thinking that was good but nothing special, then you may be robbed and possibly raped do to the neighborhood this place is in. The service is super slow, they seat way more tables then they can handle per server.
Our lunch group of 16 visited 1 PM March 2011 w/1-2 days advance warning so tables would be ready. Those deciding on the buffet were sorely disappointed as pans were pretty empty, even Pad Thai noodles not refilled despite complaint to waiter and then mngr and there was little solid food in the pans which looked like mostly soup or sauce. I ordered a prepared to order beef dish. Tasty but only about 3 oz of beef for $16 and insuffient amt of food unless you love small Lean Cruisine size portions. Don't know what it is but the decor.. total LACK OF..in these places puts me off. May give it another try but I liked or 4-7-2011 visit to Namaste much better and it is only a couple doors down. This is an older seedy area at N end of Strip in Commercial Center. After overkill glitz-glamour on strip it may be the place suffers big time by comparison but I would say not updated since it opened. Also despite advance requests our waiter had a tough time giving us separate cks and the kitchen seemed unprepared to put out 10-18 individual orders. Will give it another chance but with so many really good restaurants it will be 2012.
I don't get it.. Average food at best.  Insanely large menu and confusing,. . I am not sure where all of the five star reviews come from.  . . We introduced ourselves to the hostess/waitress for a party of two and we were told thirty minutes.  That's ok, I understand, but after waiting in the tiny lobby in the way off all incoming and outgoing traffic we were seated.  While walking to our table i noticed a large bar area that we could have enjoyed a drink while waiting.  She never mentioned it to us and we could not see it from where we were waiting.. . The first turn off was the size of the menu. (over 100 items) Any time I see menus with multiple pages I know there is no way any kitchen can keep that many items in house, fresh and cooked properly.. . We ordered fried won tons and tom kha gai soup for starters.  The won tons were nice but the soup was thin, broken and separated oil lie on the surface.  not sure if it were overheated or on a steam table too long???. . Our entrees were pineapple duck curry and seared scallops.  After 10 minutes the waiter (nice guy) informed me the kitchen was out of scallops.  I ordered red curry as a substitute. Both dishes were ok,  nothing memorable but hot and served with steamed rice.  I have no negatives about the entrees but considering all of the reviews i was hoping for WOW.  . . to sum up the negatives; . hostess process. buss tubs being used at the tables. buss carts and dirty dishes line the tight hallway to the restrooms.. pan handlers in the parking lot.. . All together I would try it again, maybe for lunch, but if it is a repeat of our dinner i do not see a reason to go back.  There are a lot of Thai restaurants without all the hype and with equal or better food
My sister and I wanted to try this restaurant because we saw it at an episode of the "best thing I ever ate" at the Food Network channel. There was a wait with people lining up. In about 20 minutes we were seated. I don't understand--What is all the hype about this restaurant? The food is nothing to rave about! The bbq chicken- ok- Ive had better ones! ; chow mein -alright; pork larb- disgusting! The only salvation was the Nam Prik Ong which is really delicious. The servings are not very generous. The prices appear cheap but don't be fooled for you get very little for what you pay. The staff are very nice and friendly, which is about the best I can say about this restaurant. All the following on this Thai restaurant  situated off the Strip did not live up to my expectations! Sorry.
My friends and I heard lots of great reviews about this place so we decided to come here for dinner. . . Had called in to make a reservation of 15 but ended up waiting for 30 mins. Our server was great. She had a monkey clip in her hair which made us laugh. The food came out super slow. Not surprised because the place was packed! . . Everything was really tasty (or maybe i was really hungry)! Left the place with a happy belly.. . Three days later I had this awful stomach flu. Found out most of my friends had caught the stomach flu that night! It was horrible! . . I'm super sad because I was planning to go back. Papaya salad was spicy but addicting. Beef salad was yummy. Fried rice was soo good. The crispy duck was to die for. Tom yum & chicken curry was average. Fried fish was fresh.. . Maybe we were being too loud and they had added an extra flavor to our foods. Eh, not coming back anytime soon though.
I have one word to really sum up Lotus of Siam, disorganized. Getting served by more servers than people in your party, having dishes from different tables taken to your table, and having to wait half an hour to be noticed is not what I was expected for a place held in such high regard. It was a mess.. . I will give it to Lotus of Siam for having delicious pad thai and one of the best fried rice dishes (the crab fried rice is ridonkulous) I've ever had. The other dishes we ordered were..... interesting. Different styles of sausage, what I believed to be some sort of beef with vegetable dish, and meekrob, definitely new flavors to my palate. While not bad I can't say that they were up my alley with every dish aside from the pad thai and fried rice having a very strong, unique flavor. Maybe I just haven't given the dishes enough of a chance to grow on me but after that circus of an experience I will not be coming back any time soon.. . Side note: Stay away from the red and green drink. Seriously.
Came here to try the Chili Dip but I ordered the wrong one instead :(. Everything was too salty for my taste. Service was very attentive. . . Nam Kao Tod - salty. need more acidy. . Beef soup - very good and flavorful but a little over season . . Northern Curry - salty also. I had this curry better somewhere else.
So dissapointed!  I get Phad Thai anywhere I can, and of course with this place comes up as the "best Thai" in Vegas, I couldn't wait.  It was rubbery, and not very flavorful.  Not terrible, but... Not even close to the best I've had.  The list is long before Lotus.  Maybe it was just a bad visit, but it was lacking so much that I haven't even tempted a second one.  I'll stick to places that make excellent Phad Thai...
Thought I should give this restaurant another try. Yep, it still tastes like chinese food (Greasy, salty, and lots of MSG).
Sadly, after 10 years of eating at Lotus, I have to give a negative review.  The crispy rice ordered at an 8 of 10 spice level was tepid, tasted premade with  a few chile pods tossed in for "spice".  The portions are smaller than they used to be and the attention to detail is just not there.  I came for two meals in three days with family and we all left disappointed.  In the past, I felt like food was cooked to order and to preference of spice.  No longer, plus the waiter dissed us when we said we really didn't think the food was to the quality we expected.  Oh Lotus, you used to be awesome.  Next time I will cheat on you with Komol.
I took a group of 12 friends there based on the recommendation of a friend.... It was some of the blandest Thai food I have ever had. . . The Panag Nua was tough and lacking in flavor. It was a true Panag curry but it just seemed watered down. The meat had been just sliced and tossed in. Normally good Thai places have nice chunks of beef that they let stew in it all day so the sauce permeates it and the meat just falls apart. . . The Yum Yai salad had almost no sauce and what litte sauce it did have lacked in any flavor.. . The Tom Ka Guy soup was watery and heavily lacking in taste. The chicken in it was dry and huge chunks that were just not right for a soup. It also lacked a decent amount of mushrooms.. . The Kow Pat Moo was totally flavorless for a Thai fried rice. It was more like over priced panda express Chinese fast food rice.  This is a huge failure. I mean how hard is it to toss nam plaud and sugar into some rice? . . The Phad Thai was soggy and had more the consistency of spagetti with marinara then a thai fried noodle dish. . . The saving grace was the moo sautee. It was nice and small like you would get on the streets of bangkok. It did taste good but then again that's the staple of Thai places and you would have to go out of your way to screw this one up.. . All this being said my friends liked it BUT none of them have ever tried Thai food before much less GOOD Thai food. I think this must be the case for a lot of the positive reviews here. An other negative reviewer pointed out that there simply no Thai people in there this does tend to be a good indicator as to if a Thai place is good.
So, after seeing so many reviews/articles saying this was the best Thai restaurant in the U.S. I think it's hard to live up to the designation, because I really didn't think the place was anything special.. . The customer service was awful and the food was pretty bland, given that, I think 2 stars is pretty generous.
Seriously people! I live in the Bay Area so I understand my benchmark is higher but this place was just ok. Super expensive. They can't cook Thai but they try. Good German wines tho.
I give this place an overall 2.5 stars:. . The Pros:  Great customer service.  Large dining area that can accommodate lots of customers.  Delicious, juicy pork satay. Garlic pepper chicken was wonderful and they used all white meat!  . . The Cons:  Prices are a bit inflated (expect to pay $2+ on all dishes), portions are tiny for the inflated price you pay.  Location is in a run down strip mall in a ghetto, shady part of Vegas.  . . My hubby and I came to the conclusion that this place is overly hyped. We had better pad thai from The Thai Noodle House on Spring Mountain (Chinatown) for a few dollars less and double the portion size.  It was a good thing that we were not too hungry as the portions they served us were comparably smaller to what other Thai restaurants may serve you.
I should start by mentioning that this place won the James Beard Foundation Award this year for Best Chef within it's region. With accolades like that, I tend to have high expectations.... Expectations that were not met.. . When you arrive at Lotus of Siam, it looks just like every other Thai restaurant found in any old town. It appears to be made up of several converted spaces that makes it feel like a Bingo hall. There are water damage stains on the ceiling where crystal chandeliers from the early 80's hang under fluorescent lights. Dusty framed pieces of art depicting elephants drawn with sequins adorn the walls. It really couldn't be any more of a cliche. Then there was the menu. Inundated with over 150 items, I was enormously overwhelmed by the task at hand. Luckily, the website lists a number of recommendations within each course. So we went with the Koong Sarong or "Prawn in Blanket." This dish featured marinated prawns wrapped with bacon and wonton wraps, deep fried, and served with homemade sweet and sour sauce. Was it good? Of course! It was amazing! But what isn't when wrapped in bacon and deep fried. The prawns were done just right and the sauce balanced out the heaviness of the wonton nicely.. . They say that the true test of a brilliant chef is to order the simplest menu item and see how they are able to make it their own. It seemed like a reasonable challenge, but not so much that night. I went with my old standby Pad Thai and couldn't wait to see what Chef Saipin Chutima would do. Unfortunately, I was sadly underwhelmed. The dish tasted okay, but I had seen this dozens of times before. It was by no means a revelation. In fact, it was overly oily and too sweet. My companions ordered Charbroiled Beef which was very grisly, and while the Sweet and Sour Chicken was nice and fresh, the use of cilantro was overpowering and just too much. It could very well be that we just did not order the right menu items. But in my opinion, any item coming out of such a heralded kitchen should be cooked to perfection. . . My advice: save up and splurge at a "Strip" restaurant such as Shibuya at the MGM Grand Hotel & Casino. It will cost a bit more but the experience will be worth it. My lesson learned: every dining experience and plate is different. Critically acclaimed restaurants do not always deliver as you would like them to.
I heard from multiple people that this place was the best so I gave it a try. To be completely honest, its still some what Americanized Thai food. I got the seared scallops and again, not that great. Still haven't found a great Thai place in Vegas that compares to the east coast. Pricing on the food is a little high for a hole in the wall restaurant. You'd expect this type of food pricing to be in a better neighborhood. You have homeless people waiting by your car asking for change lol.
We ordered the tom kha, tom yum, red snapper, red duck curry, and Thai steak salad. It was all ok. The Tom kha and salad were awesome. The rest was very tiny, for dinner portions. And just about everything came to us cold. I've been there before and it was awesome. My brother, swears by this place. But I wasn't so impressed.
Went a little earlier and tried the buffet.  It's nothing special.  Dishes tended to be very oily and/or boring and/or over-spiced.. . LOS is located in what must be one of the strangest outdoor shopping centers, or whatever you call it, in the country.  Mostly down and out and closed, but the far end seems to be populated with pervert joints, and odd Asian places are scattered around, as well as a bail bond and lawyer office and a jewelry store or two with many guards, and miscellaneous other strange flotsam and jetsam..
We had beef pad thai and their special, #68 (difficult to remember spelling, kaag omm?), for 20.. . - Hidden gem fail. You'd think this place would be great: delicious food at a ridiculously cheap price, bc its in some ghetto plaza, but it was far from a diamond in the roof.. - YES! when  you go inside, its beautiful. Pretty pictures, nice tables, and huge selection of wines. They even have a bar. . - This place needs to be in downtown! Deceiving!. - I ADMIT! pad thai tasted great. but if you can finish it in literally 5 big bites for $10, NO WAY. Filler FAIL!. - 68: inedible. They put so many different spices to get the right flavor, that at when you're almost finished with it, you can't eat it bc the curry has too much spices and crap. . - The bowl is CURRY (which to me, honestly is soup, lol, but really not bc its just without coconut milk) is about the size of a bowl of cereal or as much as you get when you make maruchan. haha. - This place should be called TAPAS of Siam!!!
A long time customer of Lotus. This past Friday I went for the lunch buffet by myself. A 20 minute wait no problem.  My disappointment was the wait staff.  No water or beverage was offered.  I finally got up and took a glass from a water station and helped myself.  The buffer while ok was not monitored and refilled timely.  I made two separate trip 15 min apart for the green chicken curry. Neither time was it refilled. Just a few sad pieces of zucchini floating in sauce.  The same applied to the tempera.  Staff did not acknowledge me or two other tables.  When I went to pay I told the cashier and she said with no concern we are busy.  I said hire more help. You can afford it.  I'll be skipping lunch at Lotus of Siam.
Honestly.... just ok... . the thai that i have at my building makes the same food.. 1st they had some attitude because we came with 2 less people. the server was not nice at all! . the fried prawn with salt and pepper are very good, as well as the crispy rice... everything else was exactly the same than most of thai restaurants.... i wish they had better staff and better management.... . good thai, but we payed 80 each at the end...
Their most recent exposure on Top Chef: Masters had an out-of-town friend wanting to check this place out.  After our first visit  many years ago, I figured it would be a nice treat to go back.. . After making reservations for a Thursday evening, they told us they would only hold the reservation for 5 minutes because they are that busy.  Okay.. . We were a party of six - four adults and two kids.  . . * Chicken Dumplings ($6.95) -   Basic deep fried wontons with chicken and vegetables and served with a sweet chili sauce.  This order was mostly to satisfy the kiddies.. . * Our friend recently had a Crispy Catfish Pieces Salad ($13.95) at another Thai place and wanted to try their version.  When he saw the presentation, he was immediately disappointed.  The pieces were a bit larger than he would have hoped and it was just an okay salad taste-wise.. . * The Husband was certain about one dish in particular - the Crispy Duck Curry.  (He loved it before and that's all he could remember.)  When the waiter heard this, he insisted we order the Crispy Panang Curry instead and assured us we would LOVE it.  (It also cost $20.95.)  I asked him if he was certain we really would and he said yes.  We thought it was just alright...and not really worth the $21 cost of it especially.  Sure, it was tasty but I've had better panang curry in Vegas for a fraction of the price.. . * We also opted for something from the Chef Specials - the Red Snapper.  Sure, it was a whole snapper at market price, which ended up being $35.  Our friend couldn't believe it when he discovered how much they charged for it.. . When the waiter initially took our order, he asked what our spice level choice was.  We wanted the salad and curry mild since the kids would be eating it.  However, it was far from mild and we were unable to serve it to the children.  As we neared the conclusion of our meal, we wanted to add another dish.  We asked the waiter for some suggestion and he mostly focused on things from the Chef Specials that were market price or didn't appeal to us.  We ultimately decided we were done with the meal.  . . I did take a quick peek at the dessert menu hoping for a saving grace but there was nothing exciting on there and our visiting friends were done with their Lotus experience at this point.. . Overall, it was a disappointing visit.  Sure, they have all the fame they could ever want but it just leaves us wanting more. Maybe we ordered all the wrong dishes?  We probably won't be coming back here anytime soon.
Is it Lotus of Shame? . . I have been going to this place for over 10 years. I used to love it. Food was tasty and unique - and the service was great (tho, I hadn't been there for the last 2 years or so). . . Recently, my local friends stopped going to this restaurant, saying Le Thai in downtown was better - also, heard that two of my friends got food poisoning eating shrimp here. Well, I didnt take their words and went back with my clients who were staying here for a convention. . . However,,. . 1. Service quality has dropped to the bottom line. . . Waitress were fine. But the real problem was these young waiters.. . (after writing what happened here, I was disgusted - I needed to erase all that. I need to forget. That was how they behaved bad...). . 2. Food quality didn't meet 5 stars,,, maybe 3.5. Used to be 5, tho.. . You know, it is a bad example of a restaurant that goes bad when it become super popular. When you get tons of people, you have to cook fast and easy - waiters might forget about service - but then where is the quality that Lotus of Siam used to have? . . Don't get fooled by Yelp ratings. Trust your taste, because they treat you like a tourist who never go back and drop $$ anymore. Vegas quality. . . No, I will never go back. As a local, I rather wanna go to Le Thai and Weera Thai.. . Oh and yes, they were talking bad shit about me when I told all the things above. Rude. Very rude. I could rate as no star or one star for this, but I am a nice guy, haha.
Lotus of Siam was a disappointment for my wife and I on our recent visit there. My wife had been to Lotus several times and enjoyed her experiences. This was my first visit.. . The food was average. The service was average. The atmosphere seemed in need of a remodel. . . Neither of us anticipate a return to Lotus of Siam, unless there are some steps taken to refresh or renew the restaurant, as well as improved customer service. . . We are locals.
After eating here the first time in Oct, I was really looking forward to the meal.   . . I came for lunch and the waiter talked me into trying their buffet lunch.     It had salad, Tom Yum Cabbage Soup, egg soup, egg rolls, tofu and veg, green curry chicken, white and fried rice, tempura veg, pad thai, pad see ew, fried banana, and fruit.      All the delicious thai flavors were dumbed down and muted.   . . 2nd chance.  Failed!   Went back for dinner to have the Garlic Shrimp that blew my mind last time.   The first time shells were crunchy like shrimp chips, meat was lightly fried, moist, and delicious.   This time dried out and tough, it was so bad I sent it back.   The waiter brought it back out and said it was supposed to be that way.  (Gross!). On a good note the steak tartare was very tasty and delicious!
Came in for lunch during the week and it was packed. Was seated after 10 minutes in the newer dinning room with the bar.. . I ordered the beef combo soup since I opted out of the AYCE buffet for $10.99 The soup took half an hour to receive after ordering and was disappointing. I ordered 4 on the spice level and the taste was flat and the temperature was lukewarm. In addition, the menu stated it contained flat noodles which wasn't served and the portion was small. For the price they charge, the soup wasn't worth $8.95. . I would avoid Lotus of Siam for lunch in the future, it's just too busy and not worth the hassle.
I was going to rate Lotus of Siam 4 even 4-1/2 stars but caught one of the waiters (black button earrings) leaving the toilet without washing his hands. I confronted him but he acted as if he did not understand English. The other waiters were vacuuming while customers were still eating. Brought it up to owner's attention.. . The crispy chicken was very good along with the panang curry, but cannot seriously recommend after that incident. Good Luck. . . Try Kung Fu on Spring Mountain/Valley View. Great selection, tasty, and cheaper.
Maybe I came there on an "off-day"... or maybe it's just not as good as it seemed by the reviews. . . I wish I could take back the 2 hours we spent there.  I'm very thankful we didn't have to wait outside for a table.... . Honestly, I've experienced better.  There are so many places to eat in Las Vegas, and I would make this one of the last places I would ever want to go back to.  The place looks like a gem, compared to everything else in that strip mall.  Perhaps their going for a "hole in the wall" effect. But overall, their prices and taste don't match up, in my opinion.  . . The service was not so good.  The table next us complained numerous times about the waitress not getting their food right. I wasn't happy about seeing an automatic charge of 18% gratuity being automatically added to our bill.  -- There were only 3 of us.  I know we were pleasant guests since we had a very simple order and didn't demand anything of the staff. . . What did we order?. Beef Penang - it was ok. Pad Thai - ok. Crispy Prawns - or whatever that expensive appetizer was called - ok. . I am a person that likes to Instagram good food from places I like to eat.  I seriously didn't have the heart to do so for this place... I just couldn't do it it my friends. I wouldn't want them to waste time here either. . . I hate writing bad reviews.  But I seriously am still not happy with the time and dollars I spent there. The money  I can always replace, but the time wasted during our vacation I'll never get back.
There is a part of me that feels sad writing this review.  Why?  Because I used to love this place so much.  It had been a while since I was last here and I was really looking forward to a great LOS experience.  Several years ago, I ate here so often and brought in so many people that the staff even gave me a free shirt.. . Alas, those glory days are over.  Their portion sizes have shrunk, the prices have gone up, and the service leaves something to be desired.  . . I arrived early for dinner to beat the wait and when my party of 4 was seated, they only gave us 2 menus and no wine list.  After a little while, the server came over to take our drink order.  When we let him know that we wanted to order wine, but we still weren't offered a wine list.  I decided not to push the issue and went with just a glass of his choosing instead of a bottle and then placed our dinner order.. . Our appetizer was stuffed chicken wings.  2 chicken wings for $11.   They're good chicken wings, but not $11 good.  With a party of 4 people, I'm surprised our server didn't advise us that there would only be two.  Try putting 4 on the plate and then the pricing might make sense.  . . The combination beef noodle soup was very good. I'll admit - I'm an Asian soup noodle guy.  Love the pho, wonton soup, beef stew, and ramen.  This is a nice dish that holds its own with the greats.  Beef, meatballs, noodles, fragrant broth, and garnished with fried pork skin.  Good portion at a very reasonable price.  . . Our Pad Thai tasted great, but the portion size was about half of what I remember them serving in the past.  Since we were all sharing dishes, it wasn't a huge deal, but it would take at least 2 of these orders to equal what you would get at most other Thai restaurants in town.     . . The whole Thai BBQ chicken was meh.  Seasoning was okay, but I'm guessing it had been left over from lunch (or earlier), as it came out of the kitchen at room temperature only 3-4 minutes after ordering it together with the duck (and before our appetizer).  It had that "stale chicken" texture that old supermarket rotisserie chicken has towards the end of the night when it's sat under the heat lamps for too many hours and becomes mealy.  Although it's cut into pieces, the chicken is somewhat small.  Not humanely raised tasty farm chicken small though.  The parts look like they came from a 22-24oz Cornish game hen.. . My biggest disappointment of the evening came to the table in the form of panang crispy duck.  This used to be my favorite dish and I was really looking forward to it.  When the entree came out, it was a fraction of the size of its former self.  The duck was not fried to order and the panang did not have the same richness and depth that it used to.  Was it horrible?  No.  Would I order it again?  Absolutely not.  I asked the server about the portion size of not only this dish, but the rest of them as well and he replied that they all appeared to be fine.  I asked why the duck portion had shrunk so much and he informed me that the portion was only supposed to be 1/4 of a duck.  He said that he hadn't worked there very long but it's been that way as long as he'd worked there.  1/4 of a duck with totally unremarkable panang for $25?  Yikes!  It used to be a whole roasted duck, butterflied, de-boned, and then flash fried to order for that price.. . The verdict?  Completely average food, small portions, and big prices.  From now on, I'll be heading over to Spring Mt to get my Thai food fix when I'm in Las Vegas.  I have to wonder what sort of horrible Thai food that the other reviewers on here are eating which causes them to give LOS 5 stars?  Oh, how I yearn for the days when LOS was a small hole in the wall and there was still a wig shop next door.. . The good news out of all of this?  The gay bar at the entrance of the Commercial Center called Spotlight (which has always been and is still very straight friendly) received a full remodel inside and out recently.  Service is fantastic and well drinks and beer are still 2 for $4 during happy hour.  So, if your heart's set on overhyped mediocre Thai food, you can still grab a drink next door while waiting for your table.
I was so excited because of all the good reviews but I was very disappointed.. . Overall, the food was very expensive and the portions were tiny.  I didn't think it tasted better than the other Thai restaurants I've been to.. . Maybe I came on an off day too because the service was extremely slow and a little rude.
2.5 Stars for this place.. . So when I think of Thai food, I think of flavorful food.  However, this place didn't tickle my taste bud or even satisfy my Thai food craving.. . Found this place on yelp and wanted to try this place since it has 4-stars and over 1200 reviews.  I thought to myself...wow this place must be authentic and good.. . Got there at about 5:15pm (they open at 5:30pm for dinner) after reading some reviews saying that this place has a long wait and I didn't want to wait in line.  There were a few people waiting in line already and more people came after we got in line.  . . The place is fairly big and has a pretty impressive wine cellar... but sorry to say that was the one thing that was impressive.  They also had a big staff if waiters/waitress waiting to serve you.  We got seated and the place filled up pretty quickly.. . So when you walk into an Asian restaurant and see that 90% of the customers there were American...what would you think?  Not trying to offend anyone, but I think this place is catered to the American's taste buds.. . Food we tried:. . Thai Ice Tea - Pretty good smooth tea but it was a little on the sweeter side.  . . Spicy Chicken Wings - I think this should be called sweet and sour chicken wings instead.  This dish was okay and was very saucy and sweet...not spicy at all (it looks like it has sweet and sour sauce on it).. . Nau Dad Deaw (Beef Jerky) - As you can say... beef jerky...its pretty tough and not as flavorful.... . Som Thum (Papaya Salad) - Very toned down.  I mean very very toned down and bland.  They papaya was coarsely cut and is not the thinly strands as you see in other papaya salad.  Not authentic at all.. . Crispy Duck Panang Curry - This is probably the best food dish of all that we ordered.  Still not as tasty as the ones I've had back in NorCal. Again, this dish is also tone down.. . Sea Bass Drunken Noodles - How can you go wrong with a noodle dish??? but somehow they manage to make it bad.  The taste of it was bland and the noodles were hard.  I guess the noodles are probably old.  The sea bass was deep fried and was decent in taste. . . Mango Sticky Rice Dessert - I would say this is the best tasting dish of our meal.  Come on.. how can you go wrong with mango and sticky rice right.  I love mangoes so this dish is definitely yummy to me.. . I would have to say we did over order for the two of us, but because of the reviews I read, I wanted to try different items.  The portions are smaller than other Thai restaurants and the prices are a bit marked up.  With all the dishes we ordered, we thought our check will come out to about $70, but I was wrong...our bill was almost $100.  We could of gone somewhere else and have better tasting food with the amount we paid.  Pretty disappointed in this place.
I recently visited Las Vegas for a week and was told by multiple sources that this was the place to go.  . . We called at around 7pm on a Tuesday to make a reservation for the same night and was told that they do not take same day reservations and it fully booked for the night but if we were to do a walk-in the wait was 20 minutes. I am from New York, a 20 minute wait for ANY type of food is considered fast. When we arrived there was no one in the waiting area except my friends and I. We were told there would be a 10 minute wait by the lady at the register until a waitress walked by and told us to follow her. I am pretty confident I know what a fully booked restaurant looks like because when I looked around, it sure wasn't it. There were literally 5 tables out of say 30 that were occupied. Rule #1: Don't lie, it just makes you look really bad.. . As for the food: We ordered Pad se-ew, drunken noodles with crispy duck, green curry with chicken, seafood chili and basil leaves, and two orders of sticky rice. The sticky rice was lukewarm, hard, and not the usual glutinous texture. The noodles for the pad se-ew were good but the dish was fairly bland. The flavor of the green curry with chicken was great but it left us wondering where the chicken was. The "slices" were almost as if they were minced. The seafood chili and basil leaves was, for the lack of a better word, awkward. The flavor of the dish did not penetrate the seafood. Besides the initial flavor upon biting, the rest of the seafood tasted as if it was boiled in plain water. The best tasting of our dishes was the drunken noodles with the crispy duck but even this had issues. There were approximately 4 pieces of duck and enough noodles to feed 1.5 people. Eventhough it was advertised as "crispy" the skin of the duck was soggy. . . Overall, with this being our last meal in Vegas, we were sorely disappointed. As great as our vacation was, we wanted to end it on a high note by going to a place that others have claimed to have a "cult following." I am sorry to say that for my friends and I, Lotus of Siam does not belong on the pedestal everyone has placed it on.
I double checked to make sure we went to the right restaurant. I would rate the food as edible but not good. Very disappointing after reading all of the reviews. Wasted money on the cab ride in addition to the bill.
Ordered:. -drunken noodles w beef . -rad na w beef. -lunch buffet. . Came in around 1:30pm on a fri and got seated right away... Unlike last time where came in the evening and waited an hour and eventually had to take to-go. . . First, it took them 15 mins for them to take our order. Then I was waiting for my food. Everyone finished their food before they brought out my dish. And when they did, they got the order wrong. After waiting another 20 mins, they got the order wrong a second time, so I asked for them to take it off the check. Considering that it wasn't that busy, I'm not sure why service is so bad.. . Also, the lunch buffet doesn't really get refilled much after 2.. . Food's good. Service was terrible, and they didn't seem to give a shit. If we ever choose to come back, we'll probably just order to-go next time!
Don't go the buffet route! After reading multiple reviews on yelp I elected to take my family there for lunch -- we decided on the buffet and OMG -- where was all the hype?? I would rather have china star.. Every dish was typical and boring.. Fried rice, beef broccoli, chow mein, blah, blah, blah.. Sorry -- no exceptional dishes to boast about..
No trip to Vegas was ever complete without visiting Lotus of Siam. My fiance and I have been going to Lotus of Siam every time we have gone on a Vegas trip. However, I have to say this might have been the lady trip to Lotus. The lunch buffet selection looked totally different with more Chinese food than usual and the Pad Thai, which was the one thing that I always looked forward too wasn't the same. The Pad Thai was light in color and bland. Usually, the Pad Thai is very orange and the flavorful, so flavorful that sometimes when I'm back in CA I contemplate on going to Vegas just so I can eat the Pad Thai at Lotus of Siam. Also, besides the Pad Thai being bland all the other food just didn't taste the same and was a little off. I don't know if the little Thai lady isn't cooking the food anymore because I didn't see her or maybe they sold it? But, whatever you changed Lotus of Siam, PLEASE change it back to what it use to be, it's just not the same. I'll probably try it one more time on a different Vegas trip because that's just how much I loved lotus of Siam and I hope they just had a temporary cook for the day.
Heard a lot of great things about this place and finally decided to check it out. It's located in an odd spot in one of Vegas's older strip malls... if you're dining here at night you're in for an adventure, there's definitely a lot of unique neighbors. I came here on a Thursday night at 8:45pm with two of my friends. They were pretty busy but not packed and we were able to get seated immediately.. . It was an interesting place; in the middle of the restaurant they had a huge wine selection concealed behind a glass wall. Additionally like a lot of popular asian restaurants there always seems to be more Americans than asian patrons. . . Anyways... after we were seated our server Jim, (I don't think that was his real name), was a phenomenal guy. He must have been working there for a while because he knew everything and anything about the menu! Jim made some great recommendations from the menu and always checked back to see if we were doing fine. . . We ended up ordering quite a bit of food, but my favorites were #14. Nam Kao Tod, which was rice flavored with lemon, it was very savory and #13B Moo Dad Dew, which was the best beef jerky I've ever had.. . Overall it wasn't a bad experience. I would rate this place 3/5 but we ended up finding hair in the drunken rice and that was an immediate red flag. Especially the way the server had handled the issue. Our other server, (not Jim), wasn't even sure how to go about it. His first response was to bring us a new plate; we pretty much had to send back the entire dish until they removed it from our check.. . We ended up spending $44 for 3 people. (That was after the drunken rice was taken off of our bill).. . Lotus of Siam is definitely your typical mom & pop shop, there were handwritten "out of order signs" on paper place mats near the restrooms and you could clearly see the cleaning supplies in the restroom. Also the seating in the restaurant is a bit crowded, there's tables randomly scattered everywhere. You can literally place your arm on someone else's table if your not careful!. . Tips: This place is a bit overhyped, the food isn't bad but it's like any other traditional Thai restaurant just with more reviews.
I've heard so much about this place being "THE BEST" Thai food ever so we were very eager to go try it.  I have to say I'm disappointed.  Not sure if it's what we ordered but we tried the top 3 yelped items.. . Location:. It's located slightly off the strip so very convenient to get to however the strip mall is old and ghetto.  When we came at 5p it looked dark and abandoned however by 5:30p when they open for dinner there was a huge line waiting to get in.. . Service:. Good and FAST, we got our food a few minutes after ordering it surprisingly.. . Food:. Nam kao tod - The first bite of this salad was amazing.  The crispy rice is crispy and is packed with flavor.  However by the second and third bite, it was way too salty.  Would not order this again. . Tom Yum soup- Salty but standard. . Crispy duck and drunken noodles- The duck was very crispy and good.  However the duck to noodle ratio seemed off.  There was like 80% duck and 20% noodles which I guess most people would feel is worth it but I like having more noodles.  After a few bites we were out of noodles and were just eating duck alone. . Overall:. Good but not the best Thai food I've ever had and it's a bit pricey.  I feel like you can have the same type of Thai food at other restaurants for cheaper.. . Tip:. Long lines sometime but the restaurant is HUGE so it goes very quickly.
Excited to try this place because of its reputation being "the BEST" Thai food in Vegas and having a James Beard award.. . Unfortunately, the experience fell short for us. I encourage everyone to really LOOK at the food photos and the presentation. The food is OK. It's OK/average but not great.. . What we had:. 1. Meatless shrimp rolls (fried). OK, nothing to write home about.. 2. Wonton Soup (cup) - very nice chicken dumplings nice light flavor. Veggies in soup were disappointing.. 3. Crab Salad - crab was battered and deep fried but it was not melt in your mouth, perfectly soft yet crunchy as a good crab salad should be. The accompanying vegetables were perfect and a beautiful combination. It saved this dish.. 4. Sweet and sour chicken (for my kids) - Awful. Sauce was too sweet, pineapples looked like they were canned, white meat chicken were morsels not slices. Disaster.. 5. Red Tofu Curry - Flavor was again just OK, not amazing. We've had much better.. 6. Fried Banana, Cocunut ice cream, sticky rice - The fried banana was like an egg roll with banana inside. Very typical but good. The coconut ice cream was a disappointment. The sticky rice tasted old and consistency was not sticky. it felt like frozen sticky rice that was thawed. Completely awful.. . To me this restaurant is like "Americanized" Thai food.. . Overall, I would not recommend this place. Plus it's pricey for what you get.
I had high expectations for this place based on it's "fame" and high reviews. I have been here a handful of times and never impressed. I tried to give it multiple chances but never has excellent food or service. Probably won't return, as there are too many fabulous choices in Vegas!
Review of Buffet:. . UGH!  It was very very underwhelming. . . Maybe regular menu is great, but do not get the buffet IMHO.  About half the restaurant was eating the buffet... unfortunately I was in the idiot half of the crowd.
Ive never written a review before but i just had to for this place! Would've been a 4 stars if their service was better!  I had really really high hope for this place due to the high ratings! The green curry was really good but the soup and appetizer were both cold as if they have been sitting at the kitchen for awhile... they took forever to bring us our food... we ordered pad thai and got pad see eww... our appetizer didnt come till the very end and we had to ask multiple times... no one came to bring us our bills... we waited and asked twice after 15 mins of waiting... we just walked up to the cashier ourselves!  Horrible service!!!
I wasn't impressed at all with this place. It didn't seem very authentic to me, nor was the food as good as people say. This is not the kind of Thai food I grew up eating, and my family is from Thailand and Laos. . . We got 6 dishes which we were to share amongst each other. Specifically: Chicken Kao Soi, the Crispy Duck in Chili Mint Leaves, Beef Pad See-ew, Spicy Chicken Wings, Papaya Salad, and Pork Larb. . . We started out with the Papaya Salad and Larb. Holy crap, were the portions tiny. I make papaya salad and also cucumber salad (same concept but with cucumber) every week, at home, in huge portions and it's a very inexpensive dish to make. There's no reason why it was served in such a small portion and at that price. It does come with sticky rice, but still, more would've been nice. Especially between 6 people. The Larb was tiny too. Each of us had a tbsp full on our plates. lol. It was cute, but also quite sad. Both dishes were gross to me, personally. Since when do you put sesame oil in either of those dishes? It must be a regional thing. I don't know. Either way, it was gross. I don't make it that way, nor do any of my family or friends whom are from Thailand and Laos. The Papaya salad had very unbalanced flavors too, which is Papaya salad blasphemy. It tasted sweet and spicy, but no salt or tartness. Weird. The Larb would have been ok if it wasn't drenched in sesame oil. I liked the spices, which were different, but good. . . The Entrees were also very tiny and mediocre. For a place with so much hype, I expected to be amazed. I wasn't. At least with most of the entrees. I didn't actually get to eat the duck or chicken wings, but I heard they were fantastic. My brother is a piggy, so he ate most of it. I pretty much sacrificed my food so everyone else could eat. Needless to say, I went to bed hungry that night. :(. . As for the service, it was ok. Waiter didn't yell or throw stuff at us, so that was good. :P
My family and I decided to give this place a try, especially seeing what great reviews were said on yelp. We got there during the lunch hour, for a table of 8 we had to wait 45 minutes which was understandable. When we were waiting inside, we noticed the buffet option but opted to order from the menu since the lunch buffet looked basic. When the food arrived, we all agreed that the food was delicious but many other Thai restaurants down the street offer the same great taste for half the price and double the size. Food may be great but their service was horrendous. For a restaurant with such great reviews, I was surprised we had to wait 30 mins for water and made many, many attempts to gather a waiter's attention for our check. Our party left unsatisfied and made a quick stop at Mcdonalds because we were still hungry. Based on price, portion, and service...I wouldn't return or recommend this place which is why I give two stars.
I was so excited for this authentic Thai restaurant and was sorely disappointed. The only good thing we had was the Thai beef jerky. Everything else was unmemorable as I literally can't remember what else we ordered.  Very greatly disappointed =(
