I never thought I'd fine the words "Cirgue du Soleil", "sex" and "boring" in the same sentence. We've seen many CdS shows in the past and adored "Love" playing just down the street. Zumanity, however, was unlike any show I've seen in the past. This had a far greater emphasis on bawdy comedy than the sublime acrobatics we're accustomed to. The show had it's moments...the man rolling in the ring...the flying little man...but there were far more downs than ups. The comedy bit with the scotch filled falsies was silly. The acrobatic bondage scene had me reaching to check email. The plentiful bare breasts were, in this context, not particularly exciting or even appealing. The plentiful interactions with the up-front audience were painful to watch.. . If you find Ringling Brothers meets Benny Hill an interesting idea, this might be for you. I had trouble staying awake.. . 1.5 stars.
Not my favorite Cirque (which is O by the way).. . Things I liked: talent of dancers/actors, favorite scene is the water scene because it was well choreographed.  The jokes were pretty funny.  . . Things I didn't like as much: comedy scenes were interjected throughout, seemed like embarrassing the audience participants was supposed to be entertaining, a lot of acrobatics and contortionist, randomly strung together acts (not much connection or story)
Actually it is like every Cirque show - only with a sexy edge to it.  Too few of the acts were original - most seemed like rehashed Cirque talent - only the talent has aged - and tops off is supposed to make a difference.  The "host" is good - not great - and not not silent - as they usually are - a bit too speechy - If you have to be told something is sensual - it's no longer.  Both my GF and I agreed - it's not special - not close to an O .  . . Use the bar upstairs if you go - the one downstairs can be a long wait.
Beyond the erotic appeal, those who have seen their share of acrobatic shows will probably not be impressed. The cast had great energy and the host was a doll but besides one or two acts, most of what you will see has been done before and stands out only because well.. they're naked. . . And I'm saying this as a girl who got center stage, front row tickets comped. I can only imagine how disappointed I would feel if I had paid the $150 or whatever to actually witness the event. There was a lack of sophistication to make you feel like you were attending a Vegas-level show. . . However, if you are trying to seduce your date, it may be worth the investment to set the evening right haha.
My friend really liked this show but I didn't like it . No offense , but I found this show boring . I almost fell asleep ! It was mostly just acrobatics , dancing , and jokes which wasn't really funny . The only part I really liked about the show was when they called audience members up to the stage because that part was actually funny .
We got free tickets to this show due to booking a room at NYNY and I'm glad we didn't pay.  This was the first Cirque show I've been to and I'm assuming the others would have been a better choice.. . They have a lot of crowd interaction and so if you're sitting on the main floor (especially the front row), get ready to participate. The crowd members who were brought up on the stage did a very good job and were willing to play along with what they were asked to do. Some was a little awkward but being a viewer and not a participant, we found it quite entertaining.. . Acts featured a lot of female nudity and a couple of fully dressed men. Basically you see a lot of boobs. A lot. Really not what I was expecting or looking to see. A ballerina without her top on? Probably not what her parents imagined... . . Overall, I wasn't wow'd and wouldn't go again. The gift shop features some fun gifts that range from Cirque souvenirs to sex shop treats. We didn't find that the shop was open unless a show had just ended though.
If you like traditional Cirque shows, this is not for you. There is very little acrobatic or "strong man" performance in this one. I absolutely expected the nudity and "racy" script but I just didn't care for the shows' sense of humor or acts. Neither my husband or I found it terribly entertaining. Just a bummer that we expected more action like a typical Cirque de Soleil. = (. Bummer
The show is supposed to capture sensuality! Well the performance isn't up to the mark. It didn't seem like a good fit to have acrobats mix with supposed erotica. The funny bits are so predictable you could see them from a mile. There is some audience participation but mainly from front rows. The venue is nice but that's just about it. I wouldn't mind seeing it if I have seen all other shows or am being comped :)
Maybe I'm just a Cirque Du Soleil snob, but... what the hell was this??. . I mean, I knew the show was different, but that was way too far from the other side of the spectrum. I saw this show two years ago, so I've seen many other Cirque Du Soleil shows in between to compare.. . I guess this was their attempt at a "sexy" show like some other burlesque type shows on the strip. They should really stick to what they're good at though. . . The tempo of the show was very slow. There was more talking than there were acrobatics. . . At least tickets for the show were cheap (about $50 each). Definitely good if you're on a budget. I wish I didn't spend my money on this show though. . . If you're looking for a more traditional Cirque Du Soleil show, avoid this one. Go see "O" or "Ka".
Well, seeing the other reviews I guess I'm in the minority here, but my husband and I walked out of this in spite of the stunningly overpriced $350 loveseat ticket. This was just godawful. There were a few highlights--the chick with the hula hoops, the African dancers and the Asian mermaid girls in the giant water bowl--but the acrobatics were very few and far between and it was mostly a collection of unfunny, lame jokes by the dozen, awful songs, an attempt to be "risque" with no sense of subtlety or innuendo--mostly just in-your-face dick jokes. I expected much more from people who do this twice a night seven days a week all year long. . . Also, what's the point of making it topless when none of the ladies have a rack to speak of? Which I get, they're acrobats and dancers with zero body fat, but an entire cast full of flat chested girls do not make for sexy in my opinion, nor in my husband's if you want a guy's take. It would be one thing if SOME of the girls had a chest, but nope, nothing over an A-cup in sight. . . I'm happy to see from other reviews that this is sub-par among the Cirque shows, because maybe there's a chance I could convince my husband to try another one. As it is this has put him off from ever seeing another Vegas show and I'm going to have to work overtime to convince him they're not all this bad.
All people are entitled to what their belief of sexy is, but this is not my belief of sexy.  At the risk of being vanilla or a square, this show leaves very little to the imagination, and I thought it unromantic and surly.  Sorry guys, the rope and choking scene, the pom pom dance, lame scotch baggies and lousy lines by the drag queen host, are not for me.  The water scene and tribal dances were good but overshadowed by the rest of the performance.. .  I did not know there was a yelp review for this, else I would have checked first and not gone.  This is a 2 star review, because the singers had good costumes and the live music was good.  Also just about any seat in the house is a good seat here.
This show was disappointing. . . I saw this about 6 years ago and all I remember is this feeling of dissatisfaction. . . Cirque du Soleil is a brand name, it's a label. I've seen some good Cirque shows but this is definitely my least favorite. It was boring, slow, and unimpressive.. . Some of the acrobatics were entertaining but most of it felt like 'waiting for something to happen.'. . I would advise going to any other show. If you've seen all the other shows in Vegas, then sure, why not.
Bottomline: I stayed at the NYNY hotel so received my tickets %40 discounted and still dont think I received my moneys worth. The seats were great, only third aisle from the front.. . There was simply too many jokes included in theshow that were not funny. It definitely took away from the acrobatics and music which was not overly impressive. The last thirty minutes or so of the show were jokes with no acrobatics. If you are looking for a comedy show with some acrobatics then this might be for you. If you are looking for a acrobatics show with some humor, this is NOT for you.
Zumanity is weak on comedy and mediocre as a Cirque acrobatic performance. Advertised as an "adult-oriented" Cirque du Soleil show, it too often sputters and misfires.  . . Highlights: The 'schoolgirl' who spins multiple hula hoops and flies through the air was graceful and skilled. The African dancers were electric and artistic. Finally the topless girls swimming in the giant martini glass were elegant and sensual. These exceptions were few and far between. . . The low-lights were the other 80% of the show. Countless unfunny jokes and forced attempts at being 'risque'. The master of ceremonies spoke with an accent so I guess we were supposed to accept his unfunny dick jokes as 'European sensibility'. I found the MC's dumb-blonde girlfriend character simply a depressing caricature.. . We were four rows back and thankfully not close enough to be part of the show. The MC grabbing the hand of an audience member and pressing it against his thrust-out crotch was 'over the line' for me. Or holding a banana like an erect dick and yelling at a sitting (male) audience member to bite it (until he finally did) was a bit much. The audience would nervously laugh out of thankfulness that it was not them being humiliated.. . All would have been acceptable if well-executed and funny. . . There were a lot of boobs which was fine. The theater was amazing. Lots of beautiful bodies. So what was wrong? I think the producers just tried too hard to 'push social convention' and focused too little attention on basics, like presenting like-able characters.  . . My wife and I had great seats that cost us nothing. Would not go again, even for free. . . Went straight home and showered.
I had worked in the entertainment business in Vegas for many years  and seen every show in town , i only give this show a 2 stars since i found the least of my favorites shows from Cirque Du soleil,   I didn't find it sexy and or funny nether less entertaining , i didn't find sexy two guys kissing ....not my cup of of tea, i didn't find the 2 humongous girls yoking around  funny, the acrobatic part of the show was non existing , the only part that i found sexy unique and beautiful was an Asian woman bathing inside of giant  Martini glass that why i give this show a 2 star instead of one if you are in to stupid jokes drag-queens and so  on this is the place for you !!
Maybe it was an off night, but it seemed Cirque, short-cirqueted the storyline since partial nudity and glitz were more important than a well-thought out story.  I have such high expectations of cirque productions, I was sadly disappointed.  The performers were great, but the storyline itself was so boring I dozed off twice.  Guess I am just not that enthralled with nudity.. Definitely a meh in my opinion.
I am still trying to figure out how this Cirque Du Soleil got "4" stars. My husband and I have seen 7 Cirque shows; including Iris, Ova, Le Reve, KA, etc... We give all of them a 4 1/2 stars and above, except Zumanity. We were sorely disappointed! We were celebrating our anniversary and decided to go to the adult themed show. OK, first the pros...the comedians were great, funny, quick witted adult humor, and spontaneous. The contortionist was great, I don't think he had one joint that he could not twist another way. The girls that did tricks in the glass were good synchronized swimmers...perfect timing and erotic. Now...for the cons..Most Cirque shows have things going on simultaneously..Zumanity does not. The stage is small compared to their other shows. It is mostly one act at at time. My husband states that it seems like it is the Cirque training grounds. We did not like the guy with the devil horns and fur, growling like the devil and running around the stage and audience. There are several parts that if you are into sadomasochism, you would enjoy. They come out with whips. One girl is blindfolded, whisked into the air writhing about with candles on the ground. We did not find that erotic or sexy. There is another part where two men are fighting over a woman; they put them in a cage, then they discover they like each other and begin kissing...We love erotica, but this show was not it! I wished we could have gotten tickets for "O".
This was my 9th Cirque show. If you are looking for fit partially nude people and none of what you have come to expect as Cirque's standards of entertainment, than go ahead and spend your money on this one. I am still kicking myself for choosing this over O and  the Chris Angel Believe show. Actually, I would have rather seen Mystere again over this. My husband and I almost left early which we NEVER do and we just kept looking at each other like "REALLY??". Not in a prudish way at all - more like an "I can't believe we spent our $ on this!" way. Giant disappointment :(
Wow - what an experience my wife and I had - . . First, we weren't planning on seeing a show, but happened to be in the casino when they were handing out discount passes to Zumanity, so we said, why not? The line at the box office was painfully slow, we had 3 people in front of us and it still took an hour...AN HOUR! Once we did make it to the clerk, she informed us the discount passes were not good for the show time we were able to make. Figures, isn't that how it goes! . . So, I must say, the show itself is pretty impressive - very funny, amazing and entertaining. This review reflects nothing about the show itself - the performers were incredible.. . Here is the problem - the theatre staff/management. We were seated in front a group of drunken idiots who didn't speak english and apparently didnt understand what was happening around them. They were completely out of control. THEATRE STAFF DID NOTHING! We complained and were told it was our own fault, we should have asked to be reseated elsewhere! ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!!! We then asked for the manager, and she couldn't have been less helpful - she didnt care either, she told us they 'tried' to ask them to be quiet! ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!! YOU ASKED THEM TO BE QUIET?. . We go no where with the theatre staff, so we went to hotel management. They couldn't care less. There are plenty of choices in Vegas - no need to ever step foot into New York New York again.. . My apologies to the performers of Zumanity, you were amazing! You are the only reason this review doesn't get one star. It is unfortunate that your theatre staff don't care enough about other patrons - our experience was completely ruined.
One of my least favorite Cirque shows. Saw this in 2009 and at the time being the first Cirque show I had seen, I was impressed. Now, having seen 4 Cirque shows since then, it's whatever. Unless you want to see (little) boobies, I would say your money is better spent on one of the other shows on the strip, such as Love or Mystere (haven't seen O and I though KA was rather boring).
I was very unimpressed and disappointed with this Cirque show. I've O, KA, Mystere, and Viva Elvis and I enjoyed all of those more than this show. Never again!
This show had the glitz , glamour and bling, of the other Cirque du Soleil shows, but lacked the real complicated acrobatics and stunts of the other ones I had seen in the past.  I can see naked boobs and butts at strip joints if I wanted and many of the pole dancers are very talented as well, and do not cost me around $100 for 1.5 hrs to watch them.  . . I didn't find this show raunchy or offensive, but it rather bored me to death with the repetitive light core contortion stunts done by so many of the acts.  To me, the best parts were the comedic scenes that involved audience participation. . .  If you're looking for a performance that portrays the talents of what the human body can achieve rather than just half-naked ( not  even full nude) people prancing around in costumes, then spend your time watching some other Cirque du Soleil show in Vegas.
My love suprised me by taking me here for our (night after) Valentines night together.  I had wanted to see this for so long and super excited to see it.  I have to say with all the hype there was alot to be desired.  The slapstick comedy was great and entertaining but as far as everything else it was a stretch.  Weird and awkward at times.  I guess I've seen alot of Cirque shows and it was really "just another Cirque show".. . Please dont get me wrong there was alot of talent here. The little guy doing the acrobatic part was one of our favorite parts.  The 2 guy tease back and forth you could have taken out...pretty tacky-and who really does that no matter who you are?  Like in other posts the audience interaction was funny but a little too much of that.. . We ran into some friends while we were there and their thought of the show was just as ours was "EH".  It was weird and entertaining to say the least.  Good to at least say I've seen it.
Well..my fiance put it best as we were walking out.  It was like a very expensive freak show.  I love Cirque's and really liked the idea of one that would push the envelope a little.  But for the money...it really falls flat.. . We made the mistake of going to Le Reve first...and that was so unbelievably amazing..that it probably soured us a little here.
Not my type of show.... . It's a sex theme with no clear direction or storyline.. . Funny at times, acrobatics were not the greatest.. I guess i was expecting something more over-the-top for the price we paid.. . You can bring in outside drinks, as long as it's not glass.. . This theatre is small, so go ahead and buy the cheap seats.. . Mystere is better than Zumanity.
I am a huge Cirque du Soleil fan. I have seen O twice, Ovo, Mystere, Quidam, Zarkana and Dralion. The concept of Zumanity intrigued me because going to Vegas for the first time since turning 21, the idea of "the sensual side to Cirque" was one I thought would encompass the adult theme of Vegas. Don't get me wrong, it did, but with a sacrifice. I did not think the stunts were as difficult as many of the other Cirque shows. Moreover, the dancing and soundtrack did not stand out as well. However, with that being said, if you're there for a fun time, the "clown" hosts of Zumanity will definitely make you laugh, especially with crowd interaction. The Zumanity experience is very different from that of other Cirque shows - it is a lot more intimate. For example, the theater was small and the performers of Cirque greet you when you head into the theater when doors open.. . Front row seats are going to get you a good amount of interaction so keep that in mind when booking Zumanity!
I hated it. . . I get that this particular Cirque de Soleil is for adults but most of the time some of the nudity made no sense to me. It's like boobs were exposed just because that seems like an "adult content" thing to do. It was just very, very odd and I didn't understand it.. . I will say that the two ladies doing tricks in the huge martini glass was pretty cool. That's about it.
Sexy Vegas show - Yes.. Cirque quality - No!. . When I go to a Cirque show, I expect to see a lot of impressive acrobatics.. . This, in my opinion, was just burlesque with a twist.. . If you want a sexy show, then go. If you expect to be impressed by the acrobatics, don't bother.
I understood that this show was an 'adult' show, however, it was nothing more than unexplainable breasts. I do not consider myself a prude at all, but I found the show off putting. I do not think I knew what I was getting myself into. This show is not the Cirque performance that I was expecting. I really wouldn't recommend this show to anyone.
Recently bought discounted tickets for me and my friends from Tix4tonight and we all were extremely excited to see this show. Unfortunately, we all were so disappointed. Our group were pretty diverse with both international friends and Americans, yet the humor of the show was uncanny and dry for all of us. We saw much better show in Bangkok Thailand or Holland. Circle De Soleil definitely need to re-work on this highly wanted show! I rather check out La Reve or K.A if you were looking for a good Circle De Soleil shows for a big group of friends.
I am not a prude person, I am actually very open minded to all sexualities and activities. To my own surprise, I left this show without feeling sexy, but rather uncomfortable and annoyed. . . Hubby picked this adult show, paid $200 ish for orchestra seats close to the stage. We assumed this was like The Peep show in Cirque du Soleil style. Supposed to be sexy and sensual with all the amazing aerobics, but it was not! It was nothing sexy but annoying interacts with audience throughout the entire show. I was very relieved that hubby didn't get the love seats in the front rows, we were very close to the stage still. I felt bad for the people who had to go along with the embarrassing " supposed to be sexy " questions & activities on the stage.... It was horrific!  Not to mention two men hosts kept doing strange naughty things to men and women... And the adult toys and men costumes were nothing sexy but very disturbing. The young girls performers were very beautiful with nice body, amazing costumes too.  . . Most of the performance was not impressive. I only enjoyed the two girls amazing aerobic act in a huge glass cup, it was sensual, beautiful and sexy in a classy way! To my horror, there were just too many nearly naked guys on the stage... Yuk! I had to cover my eyes with napkins all the time when guys were performing, and the solo girl aerobic act on the ropes made me so uncomfortable, I have no intention to watch and listen imaginary sex scene with strangers sitting all around me.... The gay kissing was just too much... . . The final imaginary orgy performance with a man and a woman from audience was so bad, please... I only wanted to see sexy girls perform on the stage, NO naked guys, naked old women, men and fat women! . . I had to get up and took a break, one of the staffs asked if I was OK, I politely replied that I had to make a phone call, and went to the lounge in the front to sit for a while, I needed some time out seriously! One more look at some naked men, I would literally throw up in my beverage cup! Sorry I meant no disrespect for the hard working performers, I am just not that into men's bodies. Well....I started to drink so fast from my big alcohol beverage cup when I got back, too bad it didn't make me feel any better.. Guess this show was just not my type of show! I guess it is supposed to be interesting and exciting for a lot of people, but for me, it was too blunt, they should've made the seats less crowded... So I could at least not to be so close to the strangers around me... I am open to sexy and naughty bedroom times with my husband only.... I definitely don't like to watch a show about it in a theatre full of people.... . . They only sell drinks and snacks at concession stand outside the theatre, the frozen drink was too sweet and weak, the margarita on rock was strong though. Two big drinks and two jelly shots cost $54. . . If you want to see a show to give you ideas about  different sexualities and activities, or into buff muscular naked guys, you will love this show, otherwise, Stay away!!!
My wife and I went to the show excited!  We left the show disappointed.. . We were excited because we have always enjoyed the all the Cirque du Soleil shows we have watched in the past.  . . We were disappointed because it was nothing like the other Cirque du Soleil shows we've seen in the past.. . Way too sexy and weird for our tastes.. . You should decide for yourself, though.  From watching people as they exited the show, it seemed like the majority really enjoyed Zumanity.  There were many happy people that evening.. . Just glad that we did not pay for the tickets.  Would have felt completely ripped off otherwise.
This is my third cirque du soleil show iv seen. Saw KA loved it , saw Totum loved it and saw Zumaity recently, unfortunately was disappointed. . . I do not recommend this circus du soleil for a first timer! There are better shows that will leave you amazed.. . Zumanity was funny with a lot of audience interactions. The acts were ok but like I said not amazing. Balcony seats are ok but you end up missing some parts when the host interacts with the audience so might be worth it to get lower seats to get the full experience.
