Meh, not impressed. The food was good, but I had better. What was really upsetting was the 2 hour wait for our food... that was unacceptable. Our reservation was at 5:15pm and we did not get our food until 7:30. We also ordered a bottle of white wine and it was served at room temperature... That is not something i can tolerate at such a steak house. Ramsey should definitely discipline his own staff like the way he did to the contestants on his show.
Extremely disappointed with our experience.  Booked a reservation weeks ago and couldn't wait to try GR's new restaurant in vegas.  Doubt I will be back.. . Had a reservation for 4 at 7:30 on Sat nite.  Informed things were running "a little" behind" and invited to wait in the bar.  Fortunately we found a table there cuz the bar just kept filling up with dinner patrons, many of which now had no where to sit in the bar.  Had 2 rounds in the bar.  Waitress was very attentive and kept apologizing about the delay.  Finally seated in the restaurant around 8:30.. . Restaurant waitstaff made a very good first impression.  Very friendly, attentive, answering questions about the menu.  Meat cart came next.  The explanations seemed a little rushed and it was very difficult to hear due to the music.  We failed to close 1 of our menus so ordering was a little delayed.  Our bad.. . Experienced 2 episodes with broken glass as the table directly behind me was being bussed.  First time some hit me in the back.  Waitstaff had me stand up and gently brushed off my back and chair.  The 2nd time glass actually landed on our table.  Staff was concerned some may have landed in our soup.  Quickly removed our soup which was eventually replaced...eventually.  Accidents happen.  No big deal really.. . Now things really take a turn for the worse.  A manager of some type comes by our table at 10:00 to ask how dinner was going.  "Not very well" I reply.  "Why not?" she asked.  "Cuz we haven't eaten dinner yet" I reply.  You read that right.  2 1/2 hours after our scheduled reservation we still hadn't received our entrees!  She checks with the kitchen and our food arrives shortly thereafter.  Wife's steak was overcooked.  Mine was OK.  Sides OK.  Other 2 in our party thought their food was quite good.. . A second manager comes by our table to apologize and states the bill will be taken care of.  Nice gesture actually.  Well, our waiter must have then assumed he was going to get stiffed on his tip... which he didn't, because he then became invisible.. . Maybe we just caught them on a bad nite.  However, even if I rated the food by itself I would only go 3 stars.  Just didn"t feel it was good enough to justify their prices.
I was really amped up and ready for the best steak and meal of my life, based on the reviews from yelp I had seen and because well, it's Gordon Ramsay!  Sadly, was disappointed and won't be returning here.. . Tried to get reservations about a week in advance, but all they had was 10PM or later.  Considering we sometimes can be passed out in bed at that time in Vegas (depending on how the day drinking goes), we decided to risk it and opt to see if we could get a table in the lounge right at the opening time.  Well, it worked!!  We were able to get in right around 6PM when we walked up and needed a table for 4.  . . The atmosphere was pretty nice.  Great decor and the tables had this cool light on them.  Waitresses wear these sexy sequined short dresses, which made for good conversation and eye candy for the men.  I ordered a blueberry vodka and club soda, which was delicious.  The other 3 in my party didn't order anything to drink (husband was already drunk and the other couple don't really drink much).  However, looked like they had a great wine selection and they give it to you on an ipad, which was cool.. . As for what we ordered....my husband and the other guy with us both ordered the kobe steak, I ordered the salmon, my friend ordered the seafood platter.  For starters, I got the salad and one other person got the shrimp cocktail.  They were both fine.  Nothing to rave about and not disappointed there, really.  . . Then the food came out.  So my salmon was barely lukewarm in the center and had NO flavor whatsoever.  I ordered mushrooms on the side and they were "ok".  My husband's kobe steak (which was $80, I do believe!!) was "ok".  It was rarer than "medium" which was how he ordered it, but didn't want to send it back given the crowd and how long it might take.  It was good (I tried it), so don't get me wrong.  But I've had better steaks that were 1/2 the price.  He ordered the mashed potatotes on the side which were really delicious!  Go for it!  I would say the salmon was on the list of bottom 10 salmon dishes I have ever tried.  Maybe it was an "off" night or something for that dish.  I know they are known for the steaks, but....  Also, I don't even think the waitress ever came back and asked how the food tasted, or we might have told her some of this feedback.  Maybe she didn't ask because she knew.  haha. . The total bill was $425 for 4 of us (I had one cocktail and nobody else drank, so this was truly all food..no dessert for anyone either!)  Very pricey for "so so" food, in my opinion.  We have a chain restaurant called "Firebirds" here that I would go to everyday for steak and/or salmon before I went to Gordon Ramsay's.  Even if they were the same price I'd still choose Firebirds.. . Hopefully Gordon goes to his restaurant and experiences the place like we did. Then he'll yell at the chef and things will change for the better.  :-)
This place tries too hard and ends up seeming ridiculously tacky instead. . . - The men who filled our glasses refuse to speak anything but french to me. But dude spoke english at the end of the night.. - Service was bad. Lots of waiting.. - While the meat is clearly a decent cut, it was over-seasoned and cooked unevenly. . - Overpriced for what it is.. . If you want better steak and better service for half the price, I highly recommend The Capital Grille. The difference is quite apparent.
I was not impressed with this place. First we got seated in a corner with other couples who's tables were little too close. Service was ok they often come back to refill your drink, water was good. Bread was flavorful, quality was good. First ordered kobe beef slider for appetizer, small bite size but decent flavor.  Ordered kurobuta double pork chop which was the most disappointing entre ever. It had NO flavor but a piece of meat in this big fancy plate. Even I could have seasoned it better than this!!! Asked for some sauce to go with it , not even the sauce was good just tasted like regular BBQ sauce. Roast beef Wellington was better but didn't have that wow factor for a signature dish. Made reservation and mentioned that it was for a bday prior to dinner, but no cake served. Definitely was not worth the money.
Well i have been a Ramsey TV fan for so long when iheard he is opening a place in my town just down the street from my home, i am more than excited! I expected near perfection and when i stepped in this restaurant, i was immediately disappointed. Right at the front door, it reminded me of a loud disco and we know what that means. Well my observation was not under served when i was greeted with neon lights and extremely loud music. Don't get me wrong i love loud music , just not when i am having fine dining! The place was done is daring decor, daring but not tasteful. Everything was painted dark brown and accented with pink neon and stainless steel. I didn't know whether to start dancing or to order dinner. I mentioned the loud music to the waiter and it was comical, he stared at me and said " what!!!! "...i ask to speak to the manger and all he has to say was " yeah we get that a lot " and then walked away! no apology, no offer to turn the music down...just walked away!!! I think i would have got more reaction at Denny's! Well the menu is nice looking and sounds great, the drink menu is on an ipad and interactive, nice touch ! Silverware and settings are all of very chic design and felt good in my hand. Oh the food, with all these going on i almost forgot to mention...it is absolutely middle of the road forgettable, steak was flavorless and the side dishes aside from the corn was all but boring. I mean this is Gordon Ramsey not chuck the BBQ place ( sorry chuck , if there is such a place )The coffee service was nice with some unusual touches with  real chocolate dipping etc...dessert was average, nothing extraordinary...then came the bill...mind you my wife and i don't drink and we have had expensive dinners in Vegas weekly, and being in Vegas we are use to dinner for $300 at IL Molino, Twist at $200 plus per person,Joel Rubichon at $400 a person for prix fixe dinner was worth every dime. But this boring steak in a loud dizzying restaurant for $300 was simply a rip off. It is a Steak that is not tender, undercooked, and just plain flavorless. Botero at encore and Michael's at south point, even Flemings beat this place hands down. Not like good ole Gordon was there to shake hands, not like the seating was comfortable ( stiff wooden lined booth with a perfect 90 degree back, i think last time i sat in something like that was a church! ), all i can say is it is a pick up joint for trust fund baby's to show off what they think they know about food. Had Gordon been there, i would have done a Ramsey on him and ask him to practice what he preaches. Oh i almost forgot, it took 20 min for one cocktail and another 30 min for the salad and appetizer, the entire dinner took 2 1/2 hour , this is not a 6 course french, this is steak and macaroni and corn,what was that He yells at these chef's on TV all the time?? you must have it done in 15 minutes?? it must have been Scottish time!. Oh you got that right, i would not be back. Not even if it was free, cause it was just a very unpleasant restaurant with loud music and my time was worth more to tolerate this for another 2 1/2 hour, u think next on the menu is buffalo wings and lap dance! That would be more fitting.
With all the buzz over Chef Ramsay's first foray into the fabulous and star-studded Las Vegas restaurant scene, we expected more. First con (at least for our taste), very noise, and I'm not just talking about the bar. Second con, service was attentive but felt like it was very generic and "phoned in."  Lastly, the food was just -- eh, save for the fabulous sticky toffee pudding. The food was good, don't get me wrong, but compared to Le Cirque, Joel Robuchon, B&B, etc it paled in comparison and left us with a forgettable meal.
I could not recommend Gordon Ramsay Steak as a place to visit if you are looking for a high end steak house in Las Vegas. The overall experience was poor and not what I expected for a high end restaurant. The service started with an arrogant hostess, the bar service was exceptional, and the food service painfully slow, and we did have 7 p.m. reservations, seated just before 8 p.m. Overall the food was good, but not what I would expect in a high end establishment, and we did have an issue with the bill.
The server was a real clown. Wish I remembered his name. He had dark slicked back hair and spoke with a spanish accent. He used to work at RAO's at Cesar's Palace before here. Someone in our party ordered the cocktail shrimp and thought it was tough, only took one bite. The waiter suggested the lobster appetizer, which was the most expensive thing on the menu. He took away the shrimp and brought brought out the lobster. One would think in a high end place like this, they would have comped the appetizer since it was not to her liking. Guess what, they put it on the bill and a manager never came out like most places would to to check up on us since we sent food back. Poor service rating b/c of this. I've eaten at a damn outback steakhouse in the past and even they will comp the appitizer if it was sent back. On;y good thing to say was the ribeye was good and the bread was better than the fried oyster appetizer. . . The portions for the price are horrible. The fried oysters came with 3 for about $20???? Are you kidding me? for that price they should send out at least 6. You can't even share this appetizer it's so small in potion. The mac and cheese was good, but for the price they charge, it could only serve 1 1/2? When a place charges $10 or more for a friggin side, you can AT LEAST feed 2 people. I will NEVER eat here again. If in vegas, go to Del Friscos or Mastro's Ocean Club (it's a great steak place too as well as seafood) Ramsey can piss off with this place.
first of all i lovveeee gordon ramsey and all of his shows and was very exited to dine here. My parents and I went to vegas for a week and make a reservation for the end of the week. I will admit I had high expectations for this place for Gordon putting his name out there. . . So first off the entrance is very off putting, like an exclusive nightclub. NOt very welcoming. We had a reservation at 10 are arrived at 9:30. the hostess instead of telling us to come wait inside, have some drinks blah blah blah LITERALLY said " ok we will seat you at ten'" leaving us to sit around twiddling our thumbs for half an hour outside. . . Then we got inside and the whole thing felt like the epitome of tourist trap, which it is. There was a nightclub theme and music to classy food and prices. Our server was young and inexperienced with fine dining, being very forcefully and rehearsed. I liked his assistant better. . . We were a party of five and each of us ordered two or three things so we had a very good spread and variety of food. I tried it all from the mac and cheese to fried string beans. From lamb to rib cap to wellington to foie gras. Let me just say that nothing was memorable or recommendable. I was soooo disappointed, I actually tried to convice myself the food was good becuase of the price and the name of ramsey backing it but honestly it was a no go. Everything was over cooked and bland. No flavors stood out. The foie gras, I actually had to hold my nose to swallow it.. . My brother during dinner dropped his knife and tried to catch it, ending up stabbing his hand ( they have verrryyy sharp knifes). He rushed to the restroom and lets just say no one was really concerned about his well being, more like trying to cover their butss to make sure they wernt gonna get sued. bad attitudes.. . The only reason I gave two stars was the dessert at the end, STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING WAS TO DIEE FOR. i WAS GOING TO GET ONE TO GO BUT IT WAS VERY LATE BY THE END. get it if you love caramel and butter =]. . overall bad restaurant, but i stilll like Gordon Ramsey. good luck to the winner of hells kitchen, by the looks of the show the place will get worse =P
What's the point of a reservation?? It doesn't mean anyting here.  . We arrived 15 min early for our 915pm and expected to wait a few min but @ 940 we still hadn't been seated and was told that they are just now getting to the 9pm reservations.  . Finally @ 10pm they seated us.. I got the salmon and it was cooked nicley.  Mike got the ribeye and it was also bloody just how he likes it.  The two sides where the baked potato which was stone cold and the mac and cheese was bland. Both could have used just a pinch of salt. I really wanted to love this place but the best thing out of our $175 was our drinks.. We won't be returning :-(
I am torn between a 2 or 3 star. We had a terrible time getting a reservation. My friend was visiting and her flight was at 6am so she wanted to eat early. We had a 5PM reservation and they said they don't hold reservations. I arrived at 4:40 and there were 4 hostesses gabbing. I walked up to check in and they told me I had to get in line to check in?? I said can't I just check in and wait at the bar. NOPE. They don't open the doors until 5. Seems to me I'd open at 4 and get some cocktail revenue. Plus, wouldn't it be just as easy and more polite to just check me in? But hey, what do I know. They were pretty snooty and I don't know why. Bet they don't make enough to eat there. So I stand in line like an asshole and wait. Then at 5 she yells out who has a reservation. . . We are seated quickly and the waiter brings an iPad with the specialty drinks. There are no prices on the drink menu. The tables are on top of each other NYC style. That would have been OK, if they didn't squeeze 5 people in a 4 top right next to me. The guy was huge and I had to keep myself tucked in like the middle seat on a plane. Luckily they were really nice and I had fun talking to them. . . Food-. Brown butter tortellini $20  it was ok. Beef Wellington $54 which is the signature dish. You can only get it rare, but it is baked so it isn't bloody for us medium eaters. The Wellington itself was pretty good. I hated the sauce it was floating in. It tasted like something from NASA. The root vegetables were fantastic! All 2 bites of them. . Creamed spinach $12 was pretty yummy. . Filet $78 She ordered it medium and I swear it was going to moo. She sent it back and it returned exactly the same. She ended up not eating it and taking it to go. Sticky toffee pudding $14 for dessert. Good. . French press coffee $12 that came with chocolate spoons That was the highlight of the meal. A must have. . One Beaujoulais wine $12. One antioxidant cocktail $14. . Pricewise, ridic. It was $210, plus tip. To be squished in, not able to breathe, rude hostesses, and pretentious and annoying assistant waiters. Our waiter was pretty nice and efficient.  So to sum up this rant. Don't bother. I'd way prefer STK, Craft, Nine, Gallaghers, even Outback, actually almost anywhere but here. Gordon needs to show up here and do some swearing. Def a tourist trap. Oh, and one last thing- I hated the music. annoyed the heck out of me.
I have eaten here twice and I had a similar experience both times.  The service was very good!  The atmosphere was OK.  The food was average.  I have been to all of the top tier steak houses in Vegas and this would definitely not be in the top five.  Ramsey is a marketing genius and I am sure this restaurant will be a huge success due to his name recognition.  But if you want quality for the price check out STK, Nine, Cut or about a dozen others.
Was really looking forward to a great evening-- so disappointed. We booked a month in advance for a party of 6 and when we arrived were led upstairs to a table in the corner of a very small, closed in banquet room. The walls were beige on beige with absolutely no decor, no ambiance whatsoever. My dining room at home is more inviting than this! When we asked to be moved to the main dining room we were told that they don't have tables for 6 in the main room. They then proceeded (the waiter-because the hostess didn't care & was clueless) to move us to another small equally blase banquet room with a window. We now had somewhat of a view of the casino. I guess it was better, but I sure couldn't tell we were at Gordon Ramsey's! I have to say that the night was now over. There was just no way the food was going to compensate for this. Although, it was good, it was nothing better/or as good as what you would get at Delmonico or CarneVino. We are a foodie family and that week alone dined at Ramsey's, Michael Mina, Jaleo by Jose Andres and a really cute place in Summerlin called Honey Salt. (we are locals) We spent over $900 in each of the first three restaurants, so paying for good food and atmosphere isn't unusual for us. I wanted to complain to the restaurant itself, but nowhere on their website is that possible. Just a very disappointing, frustrating experience which could have been avoided had we been told about the table situation when the reservation was made. Won't go back-ever!
Seriously, nothing to write home about. One of our friends is a fan of Gordon's. So we made this a destination stop when we were in Vegas. We decided to have the beef wellington which was his specialty. It was pricey and the fillet encased within is tender but it was flavorless. The rib cap cut (if you are a fan of rib eye) is really good though. The sides were ok. We had the brussel sprouts, the mac and cheese (good but not great), mashed potatoes, and the haricot verts (these were pretty good, crunchy and not soggy). The bread platter had a good assortment of different rolls and I really enjoyed the mushroom one. To polish off the meal, we had their sticky toffee which apparently won the dessert of the year and that was good and rich. It was delicious but not enough to bring me back. The bill was $350 for 5 of us.
Overpriced, loud, OCD wait staff, a long time to get our food, too much reliance upon Hells Kitchen, Overpriced (worth stating again), etc. It took a very long time to get our main course (almost 45 minutes from when our appetizer was finished. The gal helping our waiter was OCD about crumbs from the bread, finally picking the last one up with her fingers. They insisted that our wellington be at mid-rare, even though we would have preferred medium, so it was not as good as it could have been (too rare in the center). They were also obsessed with filling our water glasses. Before we ever saw our menus we were asked 3 times about what we wanted to drink, even though we told them we wanted to choose our meal first, then the wine. The drink menu was on a non-functioning iPad that even the busboy could not operate. While we were waiting the exceeding long time for our main course, we were thrilled to here the wait staff (males) discussing different women (our backs were 4 ft away from where the servers gathered - a lovely touch for my wife to experience. Quite frankly, If I had to do it again I would not, even at 1/4 of the price. Last, Gordon is always lecturing all his Kitchen Nightmare clients not to use trolleys (carts) with displays, yet he uses a meat trolley to display all the cuts of beef they serve. . Having stated all that, the mac & cheese was wonderful and the recommended dessert (sticky toffee cake) was fantastic. The appetizer (crudo) was okay but only half as good (and twice as expensive) as what we get at our favorite sushi place.
Very dissatisfied. Overly salty, overly loud. Too many minions running around and Steaks just Ok.
The food was all very good, but the service was a little shoddy and akward. First, the hostess that took our reservation didn't enter it properly into their system so when we showed up they tried to seat us in the lounge. I had to speak to two different hostesses and then their manager before we were given a table in the restaurant. Then for an appetizer we ordered the seafood platter. There are two options here, the small and the large, and we ordered the small. The waiter asked if we wanted any wine and we said we'd stick with beer. The food came out and 10 minutes after we started to eat, the waiter came back out and said "I've got some bad news, I accidentally ordered the large seafood platter, which is considerable more expensive, but I'd like to comp you a bottle of wine". So he was asking us to pay for the larger dish, which we didn't order and for our trouble would give us a bottle of wine, which he already knew we didn't want. He didn't put up too much of a fight when I told him we weren't interested, but at a top-tier restaurant something like that should never ever happen.
Don't be fooled ... and check your bill. . Pros: food is quite tasty. . Cons: where to start .... - A mysterious $45 charge for a "Cook Book" showed up on our bill "by accident" according to our waiter.  Luckily we even noticed.  I wonder how often that happens to unsuspecting diners? . - We were 5 adults, with a reservation made well in advance, who spent almost $700 on dinner alone (and that doesn't include any expensive wine BTW), yet we were crammed into a 4-top table.  $140/per person plus tip and we can't get a table big enough for everyone?  Seriously???  . - 25 minute wait for a table despite reservation.  Plenty of time to order $50 in drinks though.. - Crap service - 25 mins waiting for a table, bus boy broke a water glass, 5 people crammed into a 4-person table, waiter accidentally charged us for a $45 cook book we never ordered, one of our party was having a birthday.  You'd think we'd at least have had a free desert or something but nope.. - Gordon Ramsey is everywhere.  There's even a whole page picture of him in the friggin' menu. How narcissistic can you be? . - Overall it was a very "Vegas" experience.  I felt like I needed a shower after dinner ... and not in a good way ... after being upsold, slimed and scammed for 3 hours.  . - Expensive ... yes.  Classy ... not in the least.. . Bottom line ... if you thought Gordon Ramsey was a pretentious idiot after watching his TV show then eating at Steak makes him seem 100 times worse.
Wow...what a cool restaurant.......Wish the food would have been better..... . 1. Table by kitchen...fun to watch the various dishes go out.....lots of Wellingtons rare.. . 2.  Wine list arrives by Ipad - cool. 3.  Salad...just ok.....Green Goddess dressing good. 4.  Great Breads. 5. Rib-Cap Steak...ordered well...comes medium...send back...same piece of meat....still medium...send back...comes back correct butterflied.. 6. Sides - Mushrooms with bonita fish flakes...horrrible...Rubbery with odd taste.. 7. Baked potato - Great.. 8. Pudding cake with butter ice cream...Rich...and good.... 9.  Manager comps steaks... . 10 - Overpriced, overrated....If you order a steak well done...beware...overall not great for the $$$$$. . Did see Christina the Hells kitchen winner pop out onto the line a few times...looked stressed!!!. . Cheers!!!
Wanted to try a Gordon Ramsey restaurant, and left with very mixed feelings. The atmosphere is great-fun and hip-good service throughout-loved the cocktails, salad, and bread-but did not like the entree or side at all. Ordered sea bass at $42, and what arrived was a piece of sea bass on a plate with the skin and tail attached which was very off putting. Very little decoration or pizzaz on the plate-and why would any chef think people would want to see the carcass of their dinner? Does a steak arrive with hooves attached? Does chicken come with a beak attached? The side of mushrooms was very salty, and there were odd textures in the mix of mushrooms that just weren't appealing. Should have gone with fingerling potatoes. Credit for accomodating a vegetarian with an entree, but was charged the same price as a full meat entree for a plate of vegetables-and appeared on the bill as chicken breast-should have an appropriate charge for a vegetarian entree. The steak is probably great-but as a seldom steak eater, probably will never find out.
Well where should I start?  I made the reservation on open table about a month ago and was looking forward to this dinner immensely.  I am a huge Gordon Ramsay fan and we ate at Burgur the day prior.  We had a 7:30 res and arrived on time. We were asked to go to the lounge and wait for our table as it wasn't ready yet. At 8 pm I approached "Erica" the hostess and asked if she knew how long it will be until the table was ready, she answered very abruptly and rudely saying they will come and get us when it's ready. There was no explanation and no apology, just attitude.  We were taken to our table shortly after by another hostess who was great. I also was disappointed with the music level, it was so loud that it was hard to enjoy the dinner, it had a very club like atmosphere that took away from fine dinning.  Our waiter Tony was great and very helpful as well and Andrew and Krystal who helped out with a few question and service. It is also disappointing that you cannot get a 6 oz steak, not everyone can eat 10 plus oz's of meat. On a less important point but noteworthy we were not offered regular water, bottled or sparkling only, just something that lessened the experience.  At the end of the evening and a $400 bill the evening was enjoyable but disappointing.
Update:  Manager Amanda contacted me to apologize about our experience, and demonstrated their dedication to guest satisfaction by refunding the price of the Kobe steak.  We will be giving the restaurant another try in May, this time I will be ordering the beef wellington!. . We had a late Valentine's dinner on Feb 17th and chose this restaurant for the Japanese A5 Kobe steak. Sadly my $150 filet was so charred that it simply tasted burnt and was not tender as expected.  I have had amazing A5 Kobe at the Luxor in the past, and this just did not compare. To be fair, my husband's beef Wellington was incredible. When he commented to the server that his filet was better than the Kobe, the server couldn't get away from the table fast enough! Try the restaurant for yourself but avoid this cut of beef, it is not worth the price and you can get a better filet at Ruth's Chris right down the street.
Was disappointed with Gorden. We expected so much more. The Kobe Filet mignon was $95.00 a piece and was good however the side of mushrooms we got were way to salty. The corn was pretty good nothing special. The waiter was all nervous and made the energy uncomfortable, he acted like Gorden Ramsey was in the kitchen yelling at him. I wish he was b/c maybe he would have offered us another side when he asked my husband how it was and my husband told him they were too Salty the waiter just said, "oh" not can I offer you something else or remove it from the bill. We won't be back. We have had better steaks and service.
I really wanted to like this restaurant, but I could not.. I had an 8:15 reservation with clients and we were not seated until 8:45.. The steak (bone in ribeye) was so tough we had to send it back.. The Cesar salad was very skimpy and very overpriced. The sides were nothing special.. There are so many great steak places in Las Vegas there is no need to go back to this one.
The wine list is a bit overpriced - many of our local wines were nearly double in price.  Food service was slow - quoted 45 minutes for meal to be ready (beef Wellington) took close to an hour (we had a show to see -which we informed server - that was 2.5 hours after our reservation time) - don't order Wellington if you have time constraints.  Wellington was nothing special.  Food was good but nothing spectacular.  The price points were high - we had an inexpensive bottle of red and total for 4 was over $400.  The next night we ate at firefly - for 10 people it was nearly $100 cheaper - the food was 10 times better, better service, more variety, better ambiance and overall much better dining experience.  Will never go back to Ramsey's.
The whole evening was a very dissappointing! The bartender gave us attitude along with the staff out front like we where doing them a favor by making reservation for 8:15PM and we where sitted at 8:50PM. Food was cold and not properly prepared. Way overpriced along with poor service. Many great steak houses in Vegas this one should not be on anyone list.
Very disappointing.  A group went for what we expected to be a good meal.  To put this review in context, we were not daunted in the least by the expected cost.  We wanted good food and good wine, and were willing to pay four figures for it.  This is also a group that frequently visits high-end restaurants.  So, we have a pretty good idea what to expect.  . . Service good - Foodnot.  We started with a seafood tower.  Yes, a cliche....but not hard to pull off.  This one was plastic - the "ice" tower was plastic and the seafood, and there was not much of it, did not taste much better.. . Amongst the 6 of us we got a variety of steaks.  None were worth what we then appreciated to be an exorbitant cost.  Tough, fatty, not much flavor.  When I pay $60+ for a steak I want it to be memorable.  I did not even eat all of mine, not because of size, but because I became bored.. . All in all a very disappointing restaurant.  Mr. Ramsay needs to yell at himself for awhile.
My wife an i had an 8.45pm reservation on saturday evening. We were seated quickly but for a high end steakhouse the table and chairs were more suited to a bistro, ie no tablecloth.. We had the fried oysters, raviolo, beef wellington and sea bass, with a couple of sides and a modest bottle of pinot ($58). The bread arrived after we had finished our appetizers, with many apologies, but it spoiled the start of the meal. The mains and sides were very salty, to the point where we couldnt finish the potatoes and mac n cheese. The smores cheesecake to finish was good. Service was not special. We had to fill our own wine glasses throughout the meal. We ate at ramsays restaurant in new york last year, which was a totaly different experience. This place seemed geared to the tourists and was overpriced, in our view. We did meet christina, the hells kitchen winner, and she was charming and agreed to a photo. But for a almost $300 bill with tip i expect a lot more.
We came here at the end of our Vegas trip for a nice meal to close. Again, this is prior to before I turned vegetarian. The first thing I will say -- there are many better options for places to eat in Vegas for a lot less money so please consider before you come here. Once you are in, they will try to milk you for every penny. . . With that said, the steak I had was pretty good. I actually don't remember the cut, but it was an unusual cut of Kobe. The side of mac n' cheese was good. . . Unfortunately the price of the meal just made everything taste a bit worse. You can tell that everything they do is an excuse to charge higher prices. They are overstaffed with attractive women who do nothing at the front, and the waiter brings over this weird steak board and gives a sermon about the history of each type of steak. They also try hard to be a really high end place but fail. We had an "assistant waiter" who brought us the wrong food twice. I really hope that guy wasn't an intern hoping to get a full time offer, because I wouldn't give it to him! . . I also think the place is a bit over the top and touristy, but hey it is Vegas.
Gordon Ramsay preaches "quality" yet the bartender couldn't even poor my Guiness right.. Also the service was VERY slow. I noticed that it wasnt just us, but everybody had to wait over 20 minutes after being seated before being approached by a waiter.. Food was ok if you like English food. Not my cupof tea.
What  can I say  about Gordon Ramsay Steak but that we were greatly disappointed.. We stepped up and ordered the Hell's Kitchen tasting dinner at $145 per person plus the extra $75 per person charge for wine accompaniments.  Starting with the Scotch Egg, this so called delicacy was smaller than a golf ball. Perhaps the size of a large grape. Tasteless and boring. So we move on to the Spring Vegetable Salad. Now this was about 5 slices of green vegetable matter with a slice of tuna about the size of a postage stamp. Again tasteless and boring. So now it is time for the Mushroom Risotto. This was two tablespoons of Risotto and a nice sized Scallop in the center. This was excellent  but it was laughable to see this served on a large white dinner plate when it would have fit on a tea cup saucer and never even came close to the running off the edge. Ah, now the Beef Wellington. Have you seen the Beef Wellington that is served on Hell's kitchen? Forget about it.  You take one of those pieces you see on TV and cut it in half and serve two! I'm not kidding. Our Beef Wellington was about 3 inches wide by 2 inches high by 2 inches long. I could have had a 22 ounce Rib Eye for $100 less. So now dessert, the blueberry tart. This came with a piece of crust about 3 inches long and  1/2 inch wide. Not a standard tart shaped cup. It had about 8 blueberry's and a tablespoon of vanilla ice cream. It was good, but come on, this is what you get for $145 each? The wine's were about a 3 ounce pour each. A little more than a wine tasting. None of the wines were memorable. Kind of reminded us of what you get at Trader Joe's from the bottom shelf.  So the total bill for Martini's,Hell's Kitchen Tasting Dinner, Wine accompaniment plus tip for two people was just over $600!!! The service was excellent, 5 stars plus so they received their 20% because they earned it. To say we were disappointed is an understatement. We wouldn't go back to Gordon Ramsay Steak even if we had a Groupon!
Went there during a conference last week.. . 1.   Couldn't order the famous risotto unless we paid $145 per person to experience the Hells Kitchen special menu. . 2.  Ordered the Beef Wellington.  Was told I could not order it any way except  mid rare.  Asked the waitress and she wouldn't ask the cooks to do it. . 3.  The table water that was on ice on the wall next to us fell over (flimsy, over-decorative ice holders). . 4.  Pretentious wait staff. . 5.  Beef Wellington was mushy and rather lifeless and flavorless. . I am OK with paying a lot for dinner, but I expect a lot in return.  Very disappointed.
The Signature dish, the one an artist copied every hand movement of Ramsey's in NEON...Pass The beef Wellington was just awful.  Soggy pastry, clumps of spice rub on the meat.  Terrible, made me have to run to the restroom, NO SHIT! Literally, needed to puke but couldn't cuz it only has one stall.  The Restroom is the size of a closet.  The hostess has no personality, was a robot as we left Paris for London as she put it.  Ok people, ipad menu, well drink menu. Waiter knowledgeable, however the rest of the staff looked clueless, just like the first week of his show.  Too bad there's no Peter Lugers in Vegas.  Teach Ramsey  that the Scottish suck haggis at cooking beef.
I felt I was robbed and had to write to let somebody know.  I was a great fan of Gordon Ramsey shows, so I was looking forward to tasting his restaurant and I also saw Christina win and be the chef of the steak house.  So when I had some out of town guests I decided to try it out.  That was a letdown.  I didn't mind the "Stefford Wives" hostesses even the presentation of the raw steaks which I thought rather tacky. Appetizers were good but small, we had the fried oysters (3 pieces) 1 raviolo, and Hamachi crudo the sides were not even, mac and cheese was the only good one, the mushrooms were not edible, too hard and fibrous.  Then came the entrees it was the worse steak I ever had.  Sizzler's was probably better and costs a forth of the price.  I had the 32 oz ribeye medium and tasted burned I could not eat it, I asked our arrogant waiter Freddy to change it as all I could taste was burned meat and he refused saying that is how the steaks are cooked and pointed to the pink center which he said is how I ordered it and the new steak will come out the same.  Since I had guests I did not want to make a scene. The sauce he recommended was the house made sauce which he said was the most popular but all it tasted like was A-1sauce.  Besides the steak we also ordered Beef Wellington another disappointment.  The crust was soggy with the beef blood and was so bland, we even had to ask for gravy as he did not bring any.  The Fish and Chips was ok but costs $42.  Gordon Ramsey, this was kitchen nightmare and I felt like you yelling at the chefs.  We went to Bouchon the next day to get my steak and fritte fix, they never disappoint.
Mediocre steak house. Pretentious service. Don't let them seat you upstairs. Many better choices in Vegas.
Went to Chef Ramsay's steakhouse at the Paris and was not all that impressed.  We only ordered appetizers so that we could have more taste experiences.  The foie gras was delicious and a nice portion.  The gnocchi were nice, tender and tasty, however, very disappointed in the smoked beef tartare.   Way under seasoned and tasted very off, we didn't even try to finish it. The pieces of beef seemed a little large for a tartare.  Restaurant itself was extremely noisey and I think someone else here mentioned that the tables are too close together... I would agree.  Service was prompt.  We were staying at the Aria and had a better dinner the night before at the Lemon Grass Thai restaurant.
Two friends and I were seated in the side dining room around 8:30pm on a Tuesday night.  The hostess was attractive and flirty, but then our server gets there.  They pulled the old switcharoo.  She was overweight, unattractive, and humorless.  . . She took her sweet time shambling around the restaurant.  It took her over 30mins to take our order.  I got the "american" kobe burger off of the bar menu.  At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.. . The best part of the meal was the house-made ketchup, mustard, and the potato wedges.  I asked for the burger medium-rare and it came out rare, did not smell fresh and didn't taste like "american" kobe I've had in the past.  I would have sent it back but who knows how long that would have taken.  . . It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.  By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.  . . Would not return.
My boyfriend and I were so excited to try this place, alas we were really disappointed.  The service was forgettable.  We ordered our dinner and an appetizer as we both had flown in and hadn't had lunch or dinner.  They brought it in after our dinner was served.  The dinner it self was ok they made my steak well done, i like mine rare.  We have had some really nice dinners in Vegas as its a special place for us, but this one was not one of them.  In fact you could go to any chain high end steak house and get better.  Maybe it was a bad night but these type restaurants that should offer the full experience, ambiance and excellent food should not have off nights.
My family and I have been a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay for a very long time!  We were so excited to finally get a chance to eat at one of his restaurants.  Our son who is 11 was extremely sad to know he was not able to join us as he too is a huge fan of Gordon's! I do not think we will tarnish his opinion by telling him about our experience:(.  We were there Monday September 9, 2013.  The whole experience was over priced, undercooked and bland.  I read someone review from the same night that had over seasoned food, sorry I almost wish that happened to us!. . I actually wanted to eat from the Hells Kitchen tasting menu but was told NO unless everyone at the table ordered it.  The problem was that we were there with friends that do not eat meat.  Sadly I was not able to order what I wanted. As we were also told that we could only order the wellington medium and not well done.. . Next we were told the wild pacific salmon was actually farm raised and not wild.. . Our drink orders were fine.. . Apps were mixed, my onion soup was average, gnocchi was sad and under seasoned, the pea soup was okay, and the Seared Foie Gras was not seared well and under seasoned:(.. . Moving on to Entrees...  Our Friends both had seafood and pork.  The chops were underwhelming and my friend had better at Delmonico's.  The fishermans grill was tasty but worth half what she received.  As for my husband and myself we were sad about the experience with both the Beef Wellington which was soggy and extremely rare.  We were told we could not order it well, and all of them came out medium.  My husbands plate was bloody and unappealing to look at.  A huge MISS!  I actually ordered the pork belly which tasted okay but bland and was full of fat.  I mean loads of fat, even for the small portion I received.  The portions and the price may have been worth it had our food of been seasoned and cooked.  My husband and I joked that if Gordon were actually eating this meal he would have been disgusted and thrown it all in the trash.  We also had sides of: mac n cheese (again very bland and over cooked), Haricot Vert which was okay, Roasted heirloom carrots, okay, creamed spinach was good but same as you could get anywhere.. . Our table was too small for the four of us and our wait staff did not seem happy to be there.  While they had smiles on their faces they were not familiar with the menu and unable to answer many questions.  Maybe they were annoyed because we were foodies and asked a lot of questions! I just do not know.  The actual assistant buser to our waiter was friendly but again not very knowledgeable.  . . The ONLY thing we had that was worth going there was the STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING!!!  Best Thing I have EVER TASTED!!!  I wish I had order only that!  As I would have been completely satisfied and had no need to be disappointed by the $500 plus we spent on the remainder of the food.  Overall I am glad we went, but so disappointed I cannot imagine ever going to one of his restaurants again unless he is there.  Crazy enough we were told he had been there two days before we were.  I wish I knew before we made the reservations for Monday.
Went here for a business meal. Good points - service was good and a good choice of cuts and non steak options. Bad points - very noisy, and the food was good quality bit nothing special. I had kobe rib cap and it was stringy and did not taste like it was grass fed. $58 for something that was ok.
I was disappointed with our experience.  I expected a five star, fine dinning experience. I expected a more sophisticated, intimate atmosphere.  My husband and I were seated at a small two person table which was so close to the next table, I could have eaten of the diners' plate at the other.   I had high expectations based on the cost per plate and Gordan Ramsay's name.  The first signs of my overall experience was the 'guided tour' from the hostess.  She found great pleasure in pointing out the red light that represented Gordan Ramsay's hand motion.  I was not impressed as I went to the steak house for a great dinner not to see an unimpressive light representing the hand motions of a celebrity chef.  The overall food quality was poor. We ordered the porterhouse steak which was significantly undercooked.  The baked  potato had been made hours before and asparagus was lack luster. I was surprised the chef expediting allowed the food to be served.    The service was also mediocre.  I was surprised to see all male servers.  We live in and work in a modern country.  Please hire female help.  The young lady bussing tables visited us more than our waiter.   We will not go back and do not recommend this establishment.
1 star for Gordon Ramsay just because we love his show and 1 star for the runner/busboy for our table.. . Unlike other steakhouses, the hostesses here are more on the younger & chic side versus the usual professional looking hostesses at other steakhouses.  When I walked in to look for my party's table, the hostess just let me in without asking if I needed help on finding my party.  We waited for a good 10+ minutes before our server brought us a "drink menu" and 10 minutes later the food menu.  The server was friendly and professional on introducing different types of meats and we were excited to try the bone-in ribeye, lobster tail and the infamous beef Wellington.  . So, here is why the -3 stars:. We waited 40 minutes for our entrees to arrive because the beef Wellington takes 40 minutes and those of us who ordered ribeye were starving.. The lobster tail, more like a prawn was smallllll! Probably halves of 1/4 lb lobster.  On the upside, it was fresh and delish.. My ribeye had so much tendon that my jaw hurts from chewing.. The ribeye wasn't as flavorful as I would expect dry age steaks to be like.  . The fats on the ribeye wasn't seared/rendered well enough and was a lukewarm (although it was cooked perfectly for medium). So chewy to a point that I decided to talk to a very detailed runner/busboy who has been very attentive to us about my steak.  After I told him about all these tendons in my steak he went back and talked to our server and our server NEVER CAME TO OUR TABLE to see If he could do anything about the steak or at least show some concerns about my $$$ steak.. The fingerling potatoes & creamed spinach was good but we didn't get to finish it because the busboy assumed we are finished and just took the plates away. .  It was just very unfortunate that my first experience a gordon ramsay restaurant ended up much less than expected and I'd definitely go with my usual steakhouses (joes in forum shop or SW steakhouse) in the future.
Similar to some of the reviews for this restaurant, I was pretty excited to try it because I love watching Hell's Kitchen. . . The food was ok and the service was terrible. The hostess out front was very rude and it took about 10 minutes for us to even be acknowledged once we were seated. Service throughout the night was very slow and it felt like we weren't an important cover.. . The food was ok. The oysters were fine and the highlight of the night was actually the Caesar Salad. We had the signature Beef Wellington for 2 and found it to be medium rare at the very center, but mostly medium which made it very dry towards the end. I've had better beef wellington for $50 less. . . We had wine with our meal as well and was surprised that it was just poured without the opportunity to taste before fully pouring each glass. . . Overall, not a great experience for ok food. I would try another Ramsay restaurant but would not go back to this one. It would have been fun to see him in action in this kitchen.
My significant other and if were very excited to eat at this restaurant because it's Gordon Ramsay's establishment. We had reservations for dinner on Thursday October 3 at 7pm. We arrived at the hotel a little early than 7 to ensure we were not late. . . When we got to the hostess stand, the hostess wasn't very friendly at all. She had a major attitude problem and informed us that we will be seated closer to our reservation time. We went to grab my Total Rewards card to kill time. We checked back in at 7 and there was an elderly couple in front of us. The same hostess was there speaking very nicely to them and offered them to sit at the bar to wait until their reservation time. She even wished them a happy dining experience. When it was our turn, her stinky attitude was back and didn't really say much. She just handed our ticket to one of the girls who took us to our seats. This alone ruined the night as the hostess is the first impression of the dining experience. . . As we got seated, the vibe wasn't what we imagined for a "fine dining" place. It was more of a hip and chic place to take a client or pre drinks before dinner. We were greeted by the waiter's assistant first about 10-15 minutes later. He asked us if we wanted water but we just asked for the wine list. The atmosphere was really loud so we could barely hear what he said. We finally met our waiter Donnie. He brought us our menu and took our drink order as well. . . Donnie and Reuben didn't seem very excited to be working that night andtheir energy was contagious and didn't make the experience any better that the hostess. . . We finally ordered our food which was the following:. Half dozen oysters . Caesar salad. Beef Wellington. Sauteed Mushrooms. . The oysters were good because I was craving it from the beginning of the week. The platter featured each of the different type of oysters offered. 3 types of oysters and there were 2 of each type. . . The best part of the meal was the Caesar salad. Even though it did not come with anchovies, the dressing was very delicious.. . We had to order Gordon Ramsay's famous beef Wellington. Which on this particular I felt was overrated. Maybe it's because Las Vegas is close to Cali but the Wellington was more on the medium well side instead of medium rare. Throughout my entire entree I only had three bites that were moist and deserving of medium rare.. . The waiter tried to sell us on their signature dessert but at that point we just wanted to go. We saw other waiters be more attentive to their tables. It was such a horrible experience that I would never go back. Maybe we went into the restaurant with high expectations but why wouldn't a person? I mean it is Gordon Ramsay. I think these particular employees need to get retrained in their position or just quit the service industry altogether.
8/2012 . I was so excited to come here for an anniversary dinner and try my first Beef Wellington. The new chef from Hell's Kitchen hadn't started yet. The pastrytouching the beef was soggy and a doughy blood. Waiter was not attentive and offer to fix dish. I booked reservation 6 months in advance and told them the occasion. The waiter said :" anniversary? Happy Anniversary. Would you like to see a dessert menu or just the bill?" WTF. I am a huge fan of all of Chef Ramsey's shows but this was a miss. We were all dressed up for the occasion and had people just walking in with shorts without reservations who looked like they had better service. I hope the winning chef turns it around. We had a better steak dinner at the Wynn's steak house overlooking waterfall(name?) where we stayed on a last minute dinner. They even went above and beyond with dessert and treatment when another waiter overheard us talking about our anniversary in two days. Had I known, I would have eaten there instead...
I came to Gordan Ramsay's Steak with a group of friends last night. We all concluded that it was absolutely nothing special at all and 4 out of 6 people in our party did not care for their steak at all. The flavoring in the steaks were completely absent and there was just nothing special at all about the food. I will say the tartare and the Sea Bass my friend had was very good but that was really the only thing anyone in our party liked. The service was also nothing special which you would expect out of a steakhouse labelled as $$$$ on Yelp. Lastly, the restaurant is extremely loud. I'm not exaggerating when I say that you have to shout when communicating with people at your table. I won't be coming back and I will not recommend this place to anyone. Again, just nothing special at all and it was actually pretty pricey at $250 per couple.
While walking around the Paris for the first time i decided to see Gordan ramsay steak house. As coming up to look at the menu i over head the host and the manager gossiping about the customers. So i stood and listened. i was surprised what i heard! It completely turned me off from eating there. Gossiping staff and slow reaction to new customers. i can only hope the food makes up for the bad staff.
GREAT SERVICE, I mean really good!!. . Went and had a business dinner there, wine very good, Wife did not enjoy & was in the ladies room most of the night afterwards. Mine was fine but could have been better (for the price). Guests thought it was OK, next time Mesa Grill.. . Stars, my Wife votes for 2 I give 3.5, since the food for her "Didn't work out" I have to go with the 2.. . Another Fantastic Great Service restaurant but cannot go back, the cost was to great for food that did not  "Jump off the plate".
