I'm really surpised by the reviews for Ka. After having seen La Reve and a traveling Cirque du Soleil production (Corteo), I was very excited to see Ka. We had good seats, about half way up (which is where you want to sit). The production value was good -- the stage itself was very neat. However, the music wasn't great, the acrobatics were OK, and it was just a little boring.. . I don't need a plot -- Corteo is a dream sequence -- La Reve doesn't have a clearly articulated plot. But this just didn't do enough to amaze me, excite me, entertain me, etc. Both my wife and I couldn't wait to get out!
I have to say I was disappointed with this show. The stunts were not nearly as difficult or spectacular as some of the other shows they do, and it really seemed to drag. I usually don't want a Cirque show to end, but I caught myself checking my watch several times. Go see LOVE instead.
I am really thinking this whole Cirque phenomenon needs a breath of fresh air.  While this show was far better than "O", it pales in comparison to Le Reve over at the Wynn.  I did not buy a program for this show or Le Reve.  KA's storyline was impossible to follow without some type of guidance.  I guess the two danish dudes next to me summed it up best when they both fell asleep about half way through.  There were part of the show that were worthy of 4 or 5 stars, but as a whole it really disappoints.  Grunting and Gawhing the whole show for dialogue?  Really?? And I'm suppose to follow this and really understand what happened?  I still don't know what the story was about and those two Danes weren't much help either!
Surprised by the high reviews for this show.  I love O and really like Mystere. This show was a bit disappointing.  Several wonderful scenes and stunning acrobatics but not enough for me to recommend it. I did not like the costumes, techno music or the warfare theme. Much of the dancing scenes were a bit of a mess and it dragged at times.  They even brought out shadow puppets.  wonderful sequences with batons, a moving wall and ferris wheel type spectaular.  All 6 of us were disappointed.
Maybe my expectations were too high due to the reviews here but I was ready to leave about 1/2 way through.  And it wasn't just me, 3 of the 6 in our party felt like leaving and the other 3 liked it but wouldn't want to see it again.  Yeah, the actors were OK and there were a few stand out moments but if you pay more than 1/2 price for the tickets, don't do it.  And, yes, I did read up on the show so I knew the story line and I've seen plenty of Cirque du Soleil shows so I also knew what to expect.  Lots of empty seats so you shouldn't have an issue getting some good seats for a discount.  About the only really impressive moment was the vertical fight scene and revolving stage.  From an engineering perspective that was cool.  But when the props are more interesting than the performers, you know you have problems.
I was looking forward to a better show.   I liked the sinking of the invader's ship but everything after that seemed to be too long.  I could be a little bias since two days before I saw "O".   But this seemed more like a play with some action.  I've seen better.
Meh, I mean, if it were free I guess. We splurged on some front row seats.. Yeahhhhhhhhhh.. dont do that. Basically you see bits of the stage as opposed to seeing the entire thing. . . The venue is awesome, as well as the entrance. But, the show.. it's more focused on the story than the greatness that is cirque de soleil. . . Id rather have my mind blown, as usual.. than have a story book reenacted. . . . I dont know, I left with a "thats it?!" ohhh, and kind of fell asleep through the last 15 minutes. . . Sucks, that was my bf's first cirque de soliel show, and I totally dissapointed him, bummer. . . On to the next one.
My least favorite cirque show so far. The visuals are great, but they spent to much money on the amazing set and not enough on recruiting the headliner acrobatic acts. Half the show felt like a mediocre Kung Fu exhibition.  There were some highlights, but overall it was a disappointment. Go see O or another show.  If you do go, sit back from the front a little so you can take it all in.
Did not like this show.......this show was boring to me...the story line was lame..now this review is not for the performers...They are simply amazing and their performance is trully a gift...but I also need something to keep me intrested and this show didnt have it...save your money and see Le Reve instead :)
This was one strange concoction by Cirque.  . . You hear this is Cirque's attempt at telling a story.  Umm... yeah.  The story made no sense.  An Asian couple from the Shogun era is separated and one goes on a deep see adventure and the other finds themselves inside the movie Metropolis.  Is this making sense to you?  Me neither.. . If, like me, you believed this show was like a Chinese Acrobat show on steroids -- think again.  The entire Asian angle actually serves no purpose except to provide fierce painted masks for advertizing.  Every twenty minutes ninja like fight scenes break out, but they were tame and repetitive.  I saw the later show and the players looked weary. . . Some of the gentler bits were long, lame, forgettable, and should have been cut and replaced YEARS ago.  One such act I remember (it's only been two days at this writing) is an Asian girl twirling a baton.  That's right -- over a hundred dollars a seat to watch baton twirling.  That said, I'd keep the shadow puppet bit -- providing what was on each side side of it was amazing.. . The show, however, isn't a total bust.  There are some terribly memorable images.  I don't want to wreck them, but the 'storm' scene was great and what immediately followed (with the bubbles) was literally tear jerking.  The clowns playing with the 'animals' soon afterwards was also quite fun.. . But you can't discuss KA without discussing the B I G hydraulic device.  This 'device' is the most unique device you've ever seen in any show.  Without giving much away, any engineer will have his jaw agape the entire time this device is used, which is almost half the show.  If you're not an engineer, you'll still be absolutely amazed.  It had to cost a few zillion dollars by itself.. . So here's the thing.  The device was the genius of this show, and makes it almost worth seeing.  The remainder of the show, story wise and conceptually, I'm sorry -- is a pleasant misfire of a disaster.  . . If I had my way, I'd have this show close for a few months.  Remove and replace about four sequences.  Fix the story.  Remove the big flames and fireworks, or at least work them in a way that isn't so desperate.. . BIGGEST NOTE:  If you're going to make this an Asian battle show, and have that big battle at the end on the device, and have acrobats on wires -- finish the thought.  That is, have a landscape battle with wires, a la CROUCHING DRAGON.  Why not?  You already have people wired up.  And so have a SPECTACULAR battle.  Have men on stage with arrows 'shooting' dudes in the side towers.  I'm not a battle person at all but if you're going to make dinner... SERVE IT.. . Cirque can do way better than this half baked concoction.  KA nails the big stuff.  Now it needs to retool the little things.  . . O, MYSTERE, and Beatles LOVE better.  See these shows instead.
We've seen all the Vegas Cirque shows... This was a disappointment.  The "star" of the show was the stage.  Otherwise, it was completely forgettable.
After watching KA at MGM Grand, I am starting to think I have seen one too many Cirque du Soleil shows at Las Vegas.. . I know alot of people raved about this show, but I personally think that it was the slowest show ever.  I am sad to say that I actually slept through portions of the show because it was so SLOW!. . However, there were good parts to the show.  For example, I liked the preshow and how they interacted with the audience and the huge moving platform.
Save your money! I am dumbfounded that this show has received so many positive reviews. I previously attended the Cirque show 'O' at the Bellagio and that show - in contrast to this one - was outstanding! . . No question the Ka theater and costumes at this show are amazing, however, both the 'acting' and quality of the performance were way below what I was anticipating given the other reviews and the reputation of the Cirque enterprise. Throw in chaotic, deafening head-banger music and you start to get an idea of why I am so critical of this show.. . I thought I scored a good deal on the tickets - $323 w/tax for 3 in really good seats near the front. Unfortunately, as the show wore on, I found myself dreaming about how many other ways I could have enjoyed spending that money elsewhere. To be fair, there were a few good sequences that were entertaining and well done... but those amounted to probably 10 minutes of the 1.5 hour performance. Many of the routines just left you wondering 'Huh? Why was that included??' For instance, at one point a performer does a solo twirling a baton... the first few seconds were ok, albeit a bit amateurish. However, after 3 or 4 minutes of watching her twirl the friggin baton you wished she would just topple off the stage or otherwise disappear.. . Likewise, there were a few martial art sequences that can only be described as lame. Keep in mind there are two performances of this show each night - this was the early show. Still, at times the performers looked completely exhausted throwing weak kicks and punches that truly looked like a bunch of pre-schoolers trying to play-fight as they re-enacted something they saw on TV! When routines like that fell so flat on the stage, I could only shake my head and roll my eyes with my companions doing the same thing next to me.. . There was a family with three 6-8 year old kids sitting on booster seats next to us and those kids seemed to be enjoying the show. I guess if you are looking to entertain your kids for a few hours this show works. However, if you are expecting quality entertainment at an adult level and you are ok spending more than $100/ticket, do yourself a favor and check out another show.
Okay, now, I have officially attended all the Cirque Du Soleil shows in Las Vegas.  I have to admit that Ka, Beatle's "Love", and Mystere are all in the bottom of the deck.. . I would rank "O" and "Le Reve" (non Cirque) at the very top.. . If you are looking to shell out $100 per ticket, get bored, and find a way to fall asleep at a show, KA delivers!!!. . It is the only Cirque Du Soleil that tries to tell a story.  The story is easy to understand; however, the acrobatics, musical score, and sword play were poorly designed and delivered.  I found myself wondering when this show would end!!  I can not tell you how many times I looked at my watch.  And, as I surveyed the audience around me, many were either sleeping or doing the same as me.. . There were only three cool things from the show:. . 1.  The stage.  It was pretty impressive to see the mechanics and engineering of the stage.. 2.  I enjoyed the scene where the ship sank and you can see the passengers drown into the water.  A stream of bubbles floated down from the ceiling.  Pretty amazing spectacle.. 3.  Second scene that I enjoyed that involved ZERO acrobats were the hand signs.  Basically, a couple sat behind a lantern.  They used their hands to make different type of creatures that is "shadowed" onto a huge screen in front of the stage. One of those, "how did they do that moment?". . Finally, if you decide to attend the show, I would recommend the following:. a.  Bring a pillow, you will fall asleep. b.  Unlike other Cirque Du Soleil where any seat is a good seat, I would recommend buying tickets CLOSER to the stage.  If you are seated in the back row, you do not get a true sense of the amazing stage mechanics....  Trust me... this is absolute.. if you sit in the back, you will fall asleep faster!!!. c.  Go to the restroom BEFORE the show.  It goes straight for an hour and 45 minutes or so.. . Best of luck!
I really don't get all these fantastic reviews for the show.  My wife and I have seen many Cirque shows and both were extremely unimpressed with Ka.   I will say the stage mechanics are truly jaw dropping, but after you get over that (maybe 15-20 minutes into the show), it's just plain boring.  The storyline is not easy to follow, and the acting and choreography (especially the fight scenes) was cheesy and borderline amateurish.. . If you go there expecting to see talented acrobats and imaginative acts, showcasing feats of human ability and skill, you will be waiting, waiting, waiting... yep, STILL waiting!   There were only 2 parts where I thought "Wow, this is pretty cool" , and one involved over-sized shadow puppets.  The other was the "wheel of death", about 1.5 hours into the show.. . Judging by all the other reviews I must be crazy, but don't say you weren't warned!
I wish I had read the reviews here before buying tickets.  I'm a cirque veteran, and completely agree with most that of this is your first, you'll be impressed.  If not, you'll miss the breadth of acrobatics and WOW moments from others in exchange for alot of a tilting stage, baton twirling and pounding, and finger puppets against a light backdrop.  If you can choose another cirque show in LV, I'd do that.  O is fabulous, as is Mystere.
Been to many Cirq shows, and this to me was the only one I would only want to see once.  While I am in Vegas, I want to have a good "fun" time.  This production / story line was very dark.  I can see this being more enjoyable if it was the first Cirq I have seen, but if you have your choice of another show, I would suggest any above this one.  The moving stage was interesting...but the story alone was kind of dull.
My husband and I were excited to see Ka because I had heard it was the only one of the Cirque shows with a story line.  We also got front row seats, which we were very excited about.  We became very disappointed about both as the show went on.. . There is so much things flying over the audience's heads, blocked views and bad angles from being so close, the most expensive seats are easily the worst in the house.  =(. . The story was ok.  But hard to follow considering they spoke no English when they talked.  When they did talk it was a jumble of Japanese, Italian, Swahili, and gibberish, depending on the origin of the actor.  Pick one and stick to it please, I may not understand you, but I know what each sound like.  I also didn't understand why the floors turned into walls and started rotating at some points.  It just didn't make sense.. . Both my husband and I thought the tricks where bland and basic circus acts.  My husband had a hard time following the story because their was no talking and because of his lack of interest after seeing people dressed up as giant insects and animals.  This show is geared to much younger audiences.  My husband mentally checked out after he saw someone in a puppeteered turtle costume do the moon walk.. . This show is great for small children and if you sit further back.  If you are taking a vacation without the kiddies, skip this show.  The only way I would have found this entertaining would be if I was 5 years old.
Not amused. It's an okay show, but actually, I was quite bored. I've seen other Cirque shows and this has to be at the bottom of my list along with Zumanity.
"ka ka". It was an Asian influenced dance hard to follow story. I don't know what the reviews meant by a great story. The best parts were the amazing acrobats that were few and far between. We were bored half way thru but much too expensive to leave early! I've seen O and Mystere they were much better.
I've been to a few Cirque Du Soleil shows, and this is probably my least favorite. We chose Ka because it was infused with martial arts. While that is true, they could have done so much more with it and included more martial arts The story dragged on way too long, and there wasn't enough action going on. My bf and I actually fell asleep on some parts of it.There wasn't a lot of the typical Cirque tricks either...come to think of it, there weren't a lot of tricks period. The highlight for us was when they were doing the planko trick. It was when they had the stage tilted and the performers were human plankos.  I think I had a better time before the show started when some of the performers were going around talking to us and making fun of some of the people in the audience. I don't recommend this one, go see another Cirque Du Soleil show.
I miss the more acrobatic CDS. KA was good but not great.  A lot of dancing and not a lot of acrobatics as the first CDS show I saw when they were first introduced many years ago.  This is the second time seeing one of the million CDS and I don't think I will be back to see any of the other ones.. . The theater was big and interesting, staff was friendly and engaging and the production was good, but like I said it wasn't for me.. . I will stick with the comedy, one time shows etc.
There's no will call.  Even if you buy tickets online, you still have to wait in the same line with people who are trying to purchase tickets.. . There's no doubt that this is a high dollar production.  The ticket price starts from $69.  Had I paid that amount, I would consider that well deserved.  But I paid close to $160 per ticket, and I didn't think that the show justified that amount.. . The audience was moving about the theater throughout the entire show.  The show also allows people to roll in late.  I found that very distracting.. . The show is artistic, but some parts were boring.  The story didn't flow well.  This is my first Cirque Du Soleil.  I would never go to one again.
Ehh, this was my first CdS show and boy was I disappointed.... mainly because I went in expecting amazing acrobats but all I got was dancing and prancing around on the stage. The show was visually beautiful as others have described, but it didn't make up for the lack of action. I should've probably went to a different show for that but since the tickets were free withthe hotel stay, I didn't have much choice. Our seats were pretty good for free, so I'll give them 2 stars. It seems like all the seats would get a decent view of the stage.
HOW does this place have four stars??? This is the worst Cirque show I could have possibly imagined. While it was well choreographed, many acts made no sense in relation to the "plot" of the show. If you expect acrobatics galore, prepare to be extremely disappointed. There was basically NOTHING acrobatic about this show. I can't believe I wasted my time and money on this!
This was a true disappointment!!! I should have saved my money. I needed subtitles to understand what was going on with the story.  Next time I'm going to go to see "O"
I have been to a LOT of Cirque shows both in Atlanta and Vegas, and KA was a huge let down. It dragged, it was boring, and it hardly had any of the amazing acrobatics that I love in Cirque shows. If you go to see KA be prepared for a lot of fake stick fighting and slow story line. The one really amazing thing is the actual stage, but I won't say too much because I'd hate to give the best part away. My husband and I left a bit early to avoid the crowd, but it seemed like many in the audience left well before it was over. . . For those of you whose first ever Cirque show was KA- Please, please, please don't let that stop you from seeing another show! Cirque is usually incredible and worth the money!
I'm basing this review on having seats WAY in the back, 3rd to last row in fact.  It was so far from the stage, I might as well have been watching it on a small screen TV in my living room. If you're going to go see this, get seats in the first 10 rows in the front, otherwise, it's a waste of time and money.. . This was my first Cirque experience, and I was falling asleep towards the middle and end of the performances.  Oh, and the 90s-ish rock n roll music for the 'bad guys' was kind of cheesy in my opinion. Rock n roll is as relevant as jazz music nowadays, sorry to burst your bubbles. . . Another annoying thing, people coming in LATE to sit down. Have some common courtesy and be ON TIME.. . Not interested in seeing any more Cirque shows. First one and last one!
I love love love cirque du soleil and some shows are better than others. This show was more theater and less cirque. The show drags on a little, the story is hard to follow, there is very little acrobatics. The stage is elaborate but I somehow didn't do it for me. The characters had very little chemistry, the kiss between them made me throw up in my mouth. I am crossing my fingers that O will be as great as I expect it to be. I'm glad I didn't pay the money for the One Drop show that was put on here in vegas. So again, for a vegas show, for a circus show, for $200 a ticket, for $100 limo ride....you get the picture....not worth it.
This show was ...o..k...at the most...there's not a lot of acrobatics like the other shows...not a lot of actions....I would recommend another show from Cirque Du Soleil...
Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 4/100. . Ka was my 2nd Cirque show I have attended. My boyfriend had won us 2 free VIP tickets playing Chuck-A-Puck at a Wranglers game. I hadn't heard much about Ka when we won the tickets, but we were very excited to go watch any Cirque Show.. especially for free! . . The performances by the artists were definitely top notch. The super high tech stage really captivated me. There were lots of gravity defying stunts that  were really outstanding.. . But.. and this is a BIG but.... I for one was lost in their story line.  It was a bit too theatrical. Even though I had many  "wow" moments watching Ka, it wasn't enough to compensate for the lackluster story line. . . If you have a choice to see the Cirque show Love or Ka... Go see Love.
Save ur money!!! I was excited to see the show based on the preview video and other reviews. After about 45 mins into the show I was getting drowsy. Looked over and the guy next to me and my bf were both asleep!!! Looked around and a couple of other people were too. The story was fragmented and didn't make sense. For the price of the tickets it was a huge disappointment. Go see le reve instead.
My second time seeing KA was nothing like my first!. . I first saw this show with my girlfriends back in 2010 and fell in love with it. So much so that I decided to go again with my boyfriend this year. . . Well, while KA still has the same plot and theater, the show has changed for the worse. . . Both my partner and I agreed that the show felt overproduced.  Lots of fillers and not enough acrobatics. I was very disappointed by the lack of tricks. How many friggin' times do we have to watch the tumble?! I seriously caught myself dozing off out of boredom on multiple occasions and THAT SHOULD NOT happen when you are watching a world renowned cirque!. . 220$ later, we wished we had watched the "O" instead.
Eck, I really did not like this Cirque show. I've seen quite a few and this one is still at the bottom of the barrel.. . My boyfriend and I came to this one after hearing all the rave reviews for it, and we were amazed at how boring it was. I get the whole story line, that's cool, but a lot of their 'stunts' were anticlimactic in the fact that they were done over and over again until you no longer care about the guys walking up the vertical moving stage. Yeah, that was awesome, the way the stage starting moving around, but once the novelty of it wore off, I got bored with the same stunts and moves. And it was LONG and drawn out. Part way through my boyfriend started to nod off. Then the guy in front of us actually fell asleep and started to snore. He slept until the end of it, and these tickets were NOT cheap. These were 70$ each, on summer local special, and the show, in my opinion, is not worth the regular price or the discounted one. . . I can see how some people think this is the best Cirque show EVA, the cool stage and some story line, but I really did not like it.
Ka - Good name for the show, if they added another Ka to it.  My husband and I saw "O" 2 years ago and fell in love with Cirque de Soleil and thought for our next trip, we'd check out a new show. We saw some pretty decent reviews for KA on another website, but wish we would have seen the negative ones posted closer to when we went because they were all right about this show. We wish we wouldn't have wasted our money. It was BORING as could be. We both almost fell asleep. There were parts in the beginning and end that were pretty okay, but the majority of it was sleep worthy. There were practically no acrobatics in this show compared to "O" The music was boring and the comedic parts weren't funny. They were hokey. People swinging around, shadow puppets, baton twirling...nothing special or amazing that makes you say WOW! Please spend your money on a show that showcases what Cirque de Soleil is all about. During "O" our mouths never stayed shut b/c we were in such aw of everything we were watching. It's worth the extra money.
I went to see O 5 years ago and almost fell asleep. Yes it was cool but the storyline was too boring.  We decided to give Ka a chance tonight. The stage was amazing, it floated, rotated, you name it... The performers were also great. Why the 2 stars? It was boring. The storyline was slow and too much of people flying around on ropes. The music was in language I didn't understand and it was all just too dramatic for my personal choice. I'm officially giving up on cirque.
This is purely on the revised ending of "KA" (post accident).  I would have easily given them a 5 star rating when I saw the original production, but since the accident, they had to change the last fight scene, which is totally understandable. I personally think they should have halted the production for the time being, so the cast and artistic directors can create a better alternative ending, especially if they're charging the original price.  Luckily I ordered my tickets online (Cirque Du Soleil summer special), and got them for a much cheaper price compared to what you had to pay at the ticket office.  ($70 vs $130).. . The part that substituted the last fight scene seemed like a last minute, quick fix. It was an out-of-place transition (for those who have seen the original show).  Usually Cirque Du Soleil have wonderful transitions and a cohesive storyline (from start to finish), but the revised "KA" was definitely missing the mark.. . Personally, if you've never seen "KA" you'll be impressed by the rotating stage, the artistic direction, and skills of the performers. But if you've seen the original show, don't be surprised if the last act seemed anti-climatic.
Lots of Wiz-Bang special effects.  If you want to see talented special effects efforts this is your show. If you are more interested in the human factor, go see Mystere. Even ')" is better and so are the traveling Cirque du Soleil shows.  My granddaughter and I thought KA was rather boring.
We saw Ka over the Labor Day weekend and it was a complete waste of time. We have seen other Cirque Du Soleil shows and had high expectations, however, Ka was a huge disappointment. The show itself has such a poor plot about two siblings that are torn apart by a war... from there I have no idea what happened. We lost interest almost immediately and the music was putting us to sleep. . . If the tickets aren't free with your hotel room, don't waste your money. . . See the Beatles Love show instead.
Misleading reviews.  Disappointing.  Confusing. . . This show completely failed to meet my expectations. There were so many points I thought it was going to go somewhere and then fell flat. I felt I was watching a really great gymnastics show. The overly drawn out act segments had me bored, especially repetitive scenes... and the story had be constantly confused.. . I'm giving it 1 extra star than I want to ONLY because the stage and visual lighting affects were pretty amazing. Aside from that, I left wanting more and wishing I had chosen a different Cirque show.
I thought the stage and special effects were very impressive but besides that I wasn't impressed. It was a little boring, I was actually wanting it to end and my boyfriend actually fell asleep. If we didn't get a really great deal on the tickets I would be very unhappy. I think there are some many better shows out there.
If you want to catch a couple ZZZZ's, this is the show for you.  I've seen nearly every Cirque show in Las Vegas, and this one was by far my least favorite.  The fighting scenes were fun, but the excitement was short lived.  I felt like it was story time, which I was mentally unprepared for at the time.
Very little in terms of actual performance and acrobatics. If you've watched a few Broadway shows, you'll be left wanting more. The comedic breaks are unnecessary, and there's an entire sequence that is computer generated without any actors..
Guess I don't get it? We have seen many Cirque Du Soleil shows. Most are really good. This one was lavash, with huge moving stages and amazing visuals. But it made no sense, could not figure out the story, seemed pretty random. Acrobatics were not up to Cirque standards, mostly just guys swing on ropes. Even some the the bigger acts, just didn't seem to fit or really had no purpose. Certainly not worth the premium price.
