Went here with a large group for a birthday party.  Service was excellent...until it wasn't.  Had to go ask for after dinner coffee, and the tab.. . The age group ranged from low 20's to mid 70's and everyone was disappointed.  The music was too loud to carry on a conversation and just not "right" for this place.  It is suffering from an identity crisis in my opinion.  . . The food....meh.  The fondue beer dip was good, the mac and cheese was good.  The short ribs were fatty, the hamburger was rock hard and the hamburger bun dry, the chicken was o.k. and the salad was 'bitter'.  . . Definitely won't be on our rotation.
A little more pretentious than I expected from reading other reviews.  Good luck finding parking.  And if you want a table, get a reservation.
I was pretty excited to eat here because they had a great rating. I have had better chicken from Chick-Fil- A. General lack of flavor. I feel like I was at a different restaurant than what everyone else experienced. My boyfriend got the scallops...same mediocrity.
Reading the reviews, I was expecting a lot more. Simply put, this is one of those places that tries to be better than it is.. . If you're expecting a true "Public House" with local or interesting beers, this restaurant has no different beers than dozens of other places. So go someplace cheaper.. . On the food front, everything was "meh", suffering from the symptom of having too much going on.  The famous chopped salad was smoked salmon, arugula, Israeli couscous, dried corn, tomatoes, and I can't remember what else.  It tasted like it sounds: a bunch of divergent stuff thrown together on a plate because those ingredients should be interesting together. But they're not.. . I also had the roast pork sandwich.  I can't quite tell you what it tasted like.  But, the menu said it was "fennel roasted pork sirloin, rapini, Scamorza cheese, Serbian lepinja roll, pickled vegetables." I don't even know what half of those things are, so it must be interesting, right? Meh, not so much.. . But, everyone else seems to like it, including the Arizona Republic, so what do I know?
Pretentious - I should have known by the name and location.  The waiter actually used the phrase "You should consider getting something from the bar, we like to think of it as the engine that drives the restaurant..." This comment was obviously uttered in the pre-shift meeting, I could not believe he actually said it.. . The chopped salad was good (petite & tossed table side?), I ordered a microbrew and my date had an egg-white/lemon vodka drink - yeah apparently in 2011 protein is cool to mix into your cocktails.   Should have asked if they had egg-beater whites instead.  Both choices were interesting but not anything I would tell a friend about.  Trying way too hard on the drinks in my opinion, some of the ingredients are completely unnecessary.  Good luck pronouncing them or trying to pick out their flavors in your drink, you'll be baffled.  . . Entree for me was the lamb burger ($14ish) medium, it was easily med-rare and not spectacular. Came with some pretty excellent french friesand some pickled rare vegetables (rutabaga? pickled rutabaga. yes, it exists.). Date ordered scallops which were a bit chewy, not melty like the mid-$20 price tag would have indicated.  If you are trying to impress someone, you can try to go here and maybe you'll fare better...we might have just ordered the wrong things?. . Tab was about $80 for two drinks, an appetizer, and two entrees. Boooo.. . Booked the reservation on Yelp, bonus!
I work at an upscale resort in Scottsdale and ended up with dinning certificates my husband and I saved to have a nice date night without the kiddo. We wanted to go somewhere that we could truly enjoy the food, the atmosphere, and the beverages and found this highly recommended.. First impression of the restaurant was great! Very clean looking, romantic setting if you wanted it, beautiful bar and everything just seemed in place and taken care of. The hostess was very friendly and quickly sat us in the area we requested. From there is where the service quickly took a turn for the worse. . Our server Amy came to greet us and took our water order? We had been sitting and waiting, reading the drink menu so by the time she came around we already knew what we wanted to drink but all she gave us the opportunity order was water. She returned a short moment later to take our drink order but still no water. We were brought our drinks by another server and halfway through our drinks our water finally came. Not a big deal but why make a fuss about our water order if its going to be brought to the table well after our drink order arrived.  . My husband and I were pretty excited about trying the food so we already knew that we wanted to try the Pork Belly appetizers. Unfortunately  once our drinks arrived our server did not return for quite a while to give us the opportunity to order our starter. When she finally returned to the table the exchange was so fast we didn't have a chance to let her know we were also ready to order dinner. Once again she quickly disappeared and did not return until well after our food arrived. At that time we were finally able to order our main course. . Taking a look around the restaurant we started to notice that all servers (aside from ours) were very upbeat, enthusiastic, and just plain friendly. We waited so long for our drinks to be replenished at one point my husband had to go get us drinks from the bar! We counted tables and realized that our server not only had our table but 4 additional tables and a party of 15 or so. It was then clear that our table was picked as the sacrificial table to keep up great service to the rest. We get that sometimes you just get so busy this has to be done, but a simple " I'm sorry" really goes a long way. Why did this poor girl get no help or support from her team? A manager did not once come to our table to see how we were doing or apologize for the lack of service.. The food was AMAZING. I am not really a pork eater but that starter is something I would eat over and over. I ordered the Filet and my husband ordered the Short Ribs. Both to die for!! My husband, being a chef, is very hard to please but there wasn't much that he didn't love. . If I was to rate this place just based on food it would hands down get 5 stars. Unfortunately its not fun to spend that much on great food and have such poor, poor service. Part of my job is to refer both guests and clients to restaurants in the Scottsdale area, and service like this makes me think twice about sending people that way. . I would return based on the food alone, but I would definitely sit at the bar. This first try was super disappointing. . Reservations are recommended, we were there on a Tuesday night for dinner and it was busy!
Wow I'm surprised to see such great reviews for this place! I was left very unimpressed. I ordered the duck, it was greasy and simply did not have a good taste. I have always loved eating duck but this was very disappointing. The service was mediocre as well. Maybe we just had an off day here tho.... I would not return here.
Meh.. . If anyone asked me what I thought of Citizen Public House in Old Town Scottsdale, that would be my reaction.. . The ambiance was meh. The food was meh. And the sangria was meh.. . In fact, the highlight of my meal was when one of the cute bartenders (at least they have that going for them) delivered our drinks instead of our server.. . The interior is bare bones and plain. The white walls are covered with a smattering of vintage photographs you'd have to squint to see-from a tablenot by a wall, the atmosphere isn't artsy, it just looks like bad decorating in someone's living room. I didn't really understand why butcher paper covered the white tablecloth-covered tables, since that sort of took whatever class the spot had and negated it. The seating wasn't comfy, and even though there was a patio, it was tiny and overlooked a parking lot.. . There weren't many vegetarian menu options on the small American menu, so I opted for a Grilled Cheese ($12). My gut told me to leave off the Peruvian Sweety relish, a weird red mixture, but I kept it on because I figured it had to contribute to the sandwich somehow. I was wrong. It tasted gross, and I ended up scraping it all off and wishing remnants weren't still stuck to the sandwich. I got it with a non-noteworthy salad, and I've had much, much better artisan grilled cheeses that were less expensive and more filling.. . My friend said she liked her chopped salad, the same one I've had at Cowboy Ciao (it's a creation of Citizen Public House chef/owner Bernie Kantak, who used to cook at Cowboy Ciao.) I also liked it there, but it's so tiny, I can't justify paying $12 for it-especially since I'd leave the meat off.. . Like I said, the sangria failed to leave a big impression on me, other than that it wasn't strong. For $9 a glass, I expected something with a little more kick to it but was left disappointed.. . I can't think of any reason I'd tell someone to go to Citizen Public House. If the atmosphere had been a little prettier or livelier, maybe it'd be a fun destination, but the company I had was the only thing that kept it from boring me.
We made a reservation, were there five minutes early and seated 20 minutes late. The service was slow and the waitress preoccupied. She told us the special and then turned around to chat with coworkers and then didnt come back for ten minutes when we were ready to order hen she gave us the special. . The place was really loud we couldnt carry a convo. Across the table and the food was mediocre. We went on a saturday night so maybe they just dont do well when they are busy; lets just say we expected a lot more for the cash we had to drop on thismeal.
Great atmosphere. Chopped salad was great. Lamb burger was far too gamey and fries where mediocre.
I came to Scottsdale as part of a 15-gent bachelor party, and CPH was our big night/sendoff dinner for the bachelor.  As a result, we did a $50-per-person fixed price menu that featured a choice of one of two salads, one of four entrees, and a chef's selection on dessert.  As my friends will tell you, I eat out 6-8 times per week all over America and at nicer restaurants a couple of times a month...I've never seen one of these menus get you less food than I got last night.  (This had that "Restaurant Week for dinner in DC" feel to it; DC folks know what I'm talking about!). . Part of that was tied to dessert.  I'm allergic to nuts.  Bottom line, the chef's selection featured three desserts that all featured some form of nuts.  (I don't think a nut allergy is particularly rare these days...do you?)  I asked our server--who was otherwise an excellent host for our large, somewhat unruly group--if I could just get something plain, a chocolate cake, or a cheesecake, or sorbet...anything.  The answer was a flat no.. . That affected the rest of my thoughts on the meal, really.  I'm normally a cocktail guy but I opted for a glass of the pinot grigio, which was fine...but from reading some of these Yelp reviews, it looks like I should have gotten a cocktail.  The salad (field greens) was fine, a little overdressed but the greens were tasty.. . The entree was, frankly, an injustice...for a fixed price menu that also featured a 7-to-8 oz. steak and the biggest piece of chicken I've seen not on top of a waffle in Chicago, the scallops were puny.  I mean, beyond puny.  THREE SCALLOPS?  I literally took a small bite a minute, just to stretch out the amount of food on the plate.  The greens served with it were chewy, almost tough to cut with a normal knife.. . So, to summarize, $50 got me three scallops, about one measuring cup worth of salad greens, and no dessert.  I can't in good conscience recommend coming back, but again, I thought the service was great and the space was well lit and featured good-looking people (I am finding this is standard in Scottsdale, but still).  I did go out to eat later that evening, because I was so freakin' starved.. . At least our bachelor left happy!
Went in for a friends birthday last night. The food, drinks, and our server were amazing and if it were not for the unfortunate experience with the management staff, I would have highly suggested this place to anyone. Because we had a larger party, they had explained while making the reservation that they could only do one check, but would take multiple forms of payment. When the check arrived, we went through, and wrote down what items went on which card, so the server would easily be able run each card for whatever the total would have been. A few minutes later the manager comes back, sets the cards back on the table with a calculator and says that they were not going to do the math for us, and to figure it out ourselves. After we did, I approached the managers again to explain how unprofessional and rude that was, given they have computers that could have easily done the math for them had they not chosen to be lazy. They went on to tell me that they were "very clear" when we made the reservation that they were not going to split the check...which was not what we were asking them to do when asking them to do some basic math. They went on to tell me how "lucky" we were that they even got our size group in on such short notice. (*Bear in mind we had 12 people at 10pm...there was so much room in the restaurant we could have been a walk-in party and they would have easily been able to get us right in, even without a reservation.) I have worked in the restaurant industry for the last 5 years, and when I explained that in my experience I had never worked at or been to a restaurant that would ever toss a calculator on a table and tell the guests to "figure it out themselves," the woman said she "encouraged me to eat at those other restaurants then." Im giving it 2 stars because the food and drinks were good, but dont waste your time at this place if you dont want to deal with lazy, rude management.
Won't go back. . Building was nice, clean. Wait was short. Waiter pushed his suggestions instead of listening to what we wanted. . Food seemed to be designed more on how exotic the ingredients sounded instead of how they might actually taste together. "shredded arugula with capers and a mango habenero mojo".   Stuff like that.
Really not sure what all the hype is about.  Ate here about 3 weeks ago and it was nothing but forgetful - no really had to look at menu to figure out what we ate...  . He -  the scallops, they were good enough. She (me) - the short ribs.  Not very tender and just OK.  I can make them better.  . Burrata was our starter -  Good but again nothing that left any real impression.. . Not the type of place that left me thinking "Gosh I cant wait to return".  Probably wont.
Meh. Mediocre at best. Service was horrible. It took 20 min to get drinks and then we were asked if we would like to order appetizers.  I may have enjoyed the food but I was turned off by the service.
I'm not sure what the hype is about.. The good:  Great space (Atmosphere, crowd, ambiance, decor), great service.. The okay:  Food was mediocre.  Seriously, everyone at the table was not impressed with their meal.  Bad night?   I appreciate chef's exploring, but do that on your own time.  The chef was trying to be creative, I get that.  But the flavors, textures and aromas - nothing harmonized. I literally had an upset stomach afterwards.. . Anywhos, if you're looking for a kitschy place to take a date and not worrying about an impressive meal, this is your place.  Or if you just want cocktails, this is the place.
i tried the chowder that tasted like a ingredients simply dumped in water and served.
The cocktails are great and so is the chopped salad. That's it. Had two entrees and an app and they were just ok. Waiter was so sweet but honestly I cannot believe how many people don't have good taste and gave this place 5 stars. Next time I go, I will sit at bar, have some drinks and a chopped salad and be done.
We went here for dinner last night. To start, the $$ rating is very misleading. The prices are on the high side. The chop salad was amazing per the previous reviews but the entrees we ordered, Lamb Burger and Chicken, were both overcooked and very dry. I can see going back here for a happy hour but never for dinner. Just not worth it.
Perhaps we just went on a bad night? Ordered the wrong things off of the Late Night menu?. . I was SO excited to check this place out, especially after reading the many great reviews on the food and service here. I'm sad to report that our experience lacked the luster that I was so looking forward to. :(. . Off of the Late Night menu we ordered the ribs, wings, and hummus & tzatziki. The ribs had nice texture, but there was no flavor to it at all! Same with the wings. It literally tasted like the wings had been sitting on the counter the whole day, and someone just threw a bunch of extra sauce on top of the wings before serving it to us. Not pleasant to eat at all.. . The hummus & tzatziki, though? Very good. . . What really disappointed me about this meal is that it seemed as though our server KNEW that the food was going to turn out pretty badly. He asked us if the food we ordered was enough for us, but never asked if we were enjoying the meal. When I proceeded to let him know that I thought the food was "okay" his response was...and I quote..."yeah, but is it ENOUGH?" I didn't think it was a very polite or appropriate response.. . It also didn't help that he got our order wrong...twice. He even asked us to repeat our order three times, and he still brought out the wrong dish. Maybe he was trying to discreetly tell us that we didn't choose good dishes?. . Regardless, I'm not going to go out of my way to try this place again. Perhaps if I'm in the area, I'll give the real menu (and not the Late Night menu) a go, but at this point, I'm not entirely sure it would be worth it.. . If you do decide to try this place, hope your experience is better than mine!
We went because of the high reviews. I really like the dark atmosphere, nice staff, and the drink menu. The Citizen is an awesome drink. Unfortunately, we weren't impressed by the food. The chopped salad was interesting, but I wouldn't order it for a dinner appetizer again. The grilled cheese I had to send back because it was melty yummy cheese, it was rubbery weird tasting cheese. The chicken entree was just okay, nothing special and the pork belly app didn't impress either. Maybe we picked the wrong items, but I don't think we'd go back for dinner.
restaurant week menu not great. very small salad and three not. very large scallops for main course. service barely mediocre.. server never asked if we wanted coffee or  whatever for dessert. presented check without being asked for it. runners. had no idea who got any of the courses. server never asked how. the food was. had much better experience at previous visit.
I had dinner at the bar on a very busy night. If you plan to go here, make reservations.. . The staff was friendly and accommodating, the bartender made a delicious drink full of interesting spices called "The Persian".. . My biggest disappointment was the food. Some say that this is the next Food Mecca of America. I disagree TOTALLY. I had a chance to try three dishes:. . Truffle Grilled Cheese-Tasted like slightly cheesy potato on bread. Lamb Burger- No flavor. The kennebec fries tasted odd, but went well with maple syrup.. Piggy & Waffle- I think this was the best dish out of the three, but it was just ok. At least the pork was moist.. . Overall, I think this place just tries too hard.. . 2/5 Might come back to try the chopped salad.
Be careful with this place.....took friends out for dinner and they added on an extra filet mignon meal....yes their most expensive item on their menu!!  We almost paid it but caught it last minute and when we bring it to the waiters attention he is NOT apologetic AT ALL.....just brings the bill back adjusted and doesn't even apologize!!  Food was good but that experience did not make it worth it....
Service was great but food was disappointing. Pork belly was too greasy and my short ribs were way too sweet. Mashed parsnips were sickly sweet with an odd aftertaste. The fries with the lamb burger had a strange texture. I don't think they used the right potatoes. . .  I really wanted to love this place from all the great reviews but am truly left disappointed.
The best thing about this place was our funny waiter. The fries texture felt like they were rolled in fur. Drinks were decent. Lamb was nothing special. One visit was enough.
