When I lived in Beverly Hills I would go to CUT often. It was either that or Mastros. I always found CUT a slight cut (begging pun-forgiveness) over Mastros. . But that certainly is not the case in Las Vegas.. I ordered the Illinois rib eye which was overpriced at $66, and although it was tender, it was also tasteless. A great deal of salt was required just to bring it to a reasonable level of flavor.. The service was abysmal. Only 6 tables were occupied but getting attention was a constant effort.. The wine list is good but criminally overpriced, as are the steaks. The wines by the glass are rudimentary and show no imagination or care.. There are so many better steak joints here, both on and off the strip, that CUT just doesn't make the cut (okay, now you can shoot me).. Go to Mastros, or Joe's, or even Envy for a better steak at a better price.
Not impressed. As a steakhouse regular in LA, I feel this steakhouse is an overpriced tourist trap with questionable quality and lazy service. . . Spent $200 on one steak, 2 sides, and 2 drinks! The server had entirely too many tables and we were constantly waiting on him. The sides were super small and he said you would need a couple...well, at $22 for mac n cheese SIDE (which was small), I felt robbed! Smallest steak starts at $55 and is strictly the steak...no sauce or sides. . . The whole time I felt like I was being rationed food! Bread guy gave us 2 small slices to share! We asked for more and they never brought it. The cocktails were little and their bar was limited. Steak was just ok. . . Overall, we left hungry, disappointed, and robbed.  Stay away!
4 stars for the quality of food BUT 2.5 stars for customer service. Particularly the Asian Manager.. . Four girls arriving to Cut on a recent Friday evening...got seated on-time. Every server smiled and greeted us (Great). We ordered a bottle of 2005 Syrah, ox-tail, bone marrow, kobe sashimi. Entrees: we ordered petite filet mignon, bone-in filet and  a ribeye. Both the filet mignon was cooked to perfection (rare and med-rare). . . However, the ribeye came back Medium but we ordered rare. We cut a few pieces and noticed it's way too cooked. Asked the waiter to take it back, he did. Then, three minutes later someone else came back and said "did you ladies cut the steak in the middle because most often times, steak is rarer in the middle but cooked on the outer portion. But it's ok, we'll go ahead and make you a new one". (Great...we thought). . Another three minutes go by and he returns with a new ribeye. We cut it up...it was RAW (not rare because there is a difference). The middle/ temperature of the steak was still cold. I asked the waiter and he said he will send over the manager. Manager was the same person that took our steak back the first time. When he arrived i asked if he was the manager, he replied "no, i am just the guy in a suit" (oh, great...we have ourselves a smart one!!) I pointed out the steak is raw and it is still cold. He said, "that's what you ladies asked for and that's what the chef made".. I replied rare...NOT raw. . . End of story: he said he will "take the steak off the bill". . . Thank you Cut for a wonderful dining experience, we learned a great deal about steak!
DO NOT add the $9Bone Marrow to your cut.  I had it on my American Wagyu Ribeye 9oz (which i didn't finish) and after 3-4 bites, i nauseated due to amount of oil on my plate.  I'm not even sure where all that oil came from.  I'm giving 5 stars for the excellent service.  The sides were ok, had mac and cheese, creamed spinach, and polenta.  But for a well-known steak house, I came out wanting to throw up my steak.  I'm disappointed.
I'll start off by saying the service was great.. . as for the food, got the 9oz medium rare wagyu ribeye with bone marrow added, side of polenta, side of mac n cheese, and a side of creamed spinach.. . the ribeye was cooked right, but a lil salty. the marrow ruined the steak, so much grease it made me feel sick. it covered the bottom of the plate and all the sides that they put on the plate soaked it up, see pic here:. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/J4CATH00YZrq8Bne2S4_cw?select=9g_-bc64OcVN7ZS_qQAsmQ. . if you get marrow, I recommend gettin it on the side.. . polenta was okay, mac n cheese was good but salty, the creamed spinach was not as good as other places. disappointing meal for droppin $150 a head.
Extremely, extremely over-rated.  Given the price points, quality of meat, and what I expected based off of reading reviews, I am very disappointed. I found their steaks to be lacking in true flavor aside from just salt. They charge for sauces (which is ridiculous). I split a rack of lamb with someone - and bone in new york. The new york was tough all throughout the cut and full of veins. I had a tough time chewing through it. Maybe we just got a bad cut, but it was NOT a  good piece of meat. The rack of lamb I asked for medium rare, but came out closer to rare and also was a bit chewy. Others in our party ordered the ribeye and seemed to enjoy it. We ordered a variety of side dishes, none of which i thought were anything special. . . Maybe we just got a bad CUT, but CUT didn't CUT it for me.
Steaks were extremely expensive and did not taste much better then what I had at an all you can eat Buffett the night before!
Horrible service ! Waiting 20 minutes for drinks.....missing bread sticks on one table . Had to ask for water....never got the breadsticks ....first round should have been on them for lack of efficient staff. Stay there all the time but won't be back to that restaurant!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nothing but regret for not choosing Craftsteak. We came here for my birthday dinner after drinks at Lavo and were extremely disappointed.  Don't get me wrong, the food was delicious.  I especially enjoyed my steak and martini.  However, the service was atrocious.  We waited a good hour before our dinner came out after ordering it.  We had ordered drinks during this hour (about 10 minutes before our steak came) and the drinks arrived 20 minutes AFTER our food came out.  So we had all this delicious food with no drinks available.  My cousin prefers a glass of wine with his meal and I prefer a martini.  We were all nearly done our meal by the time the drinks came out.  That ruined the dinner for me alone.  Next time, Craftsteak it is!
Everything is ridiculously salty. :( From the drinks, the bread, the meat. I was definitely not impressed. The plates come garnish free, sauce free, etc. Your plate literally comes in with a big chunk of meat on it. And yeah we ordered sides and sauces that got served to us on our plates... but everything just felt so slapped on. I've been to way better steak houses. The ambience was nice, though, and the waiters were as well.
Maybe my expectations were too high, but a well cooked steak does not need to be drenched in sauces to be eaten. I was highly disappointed in the quality of the steaks offered at Cut. Myboyfriend and I ordered the American Wagyu 34oz porterhouse for two. We paid almost 200 for this steak, and after waiting almost 45 minutes since our appetizers were cleared for our entree to come out it was tough and extremely bland. . The sides were decent-the typical a la carte menu. . The appetizers were pretty good. The bone marrow flan had a delicious garlic flavor, but the crab cake was decent.. We were too disappointed to attempt their desserts so we paid the undeserving $400 and left. . . I would have been more satisfied eating at Grand Lux Cafe than coming to Cut.
I've had some great steaks in my day but Cut's 20 ounce bone-in Rib Eye did not add to that list.  It had a mostly bland yet slightly salty flavor with no marbling whatsoever.  This was the healthiest Rib Eye steak I've ever seen or eaten which was not my goal here.  I also watched as other steaks were served around the room and I never said "wow that's what I should have ordered".  Guess I've been spoiled by too many great places where the sizzle and smell of fantastic steaks going by tease all your senses.  . . There is only one reason I can think of do Cut.  If you want to impress a client or customer this is the right kind of place - it's exotic with enough varieties of aged steak for anyone to have a "new" dining experience. In hindsight I should have tried one of those cuts.  Everything here is expensive - I'm sure most of Cut's customers are putting this meal on their expense reports.  You will spend anywhere from $100 to $150 per person.  . . Just today I read other reviews here and saw the ladies group that was insulted with the question of whether they had a "money issue" because they wanted to share a variety of entries.  This did not surprise me.  The all male wait staff has an aire of arrogance about them - these guys really take themselves way too seriously.  It must come down from top management because they all appear cloned.  Maybe this is a style that appeals to most high end customers.  Personally I prefer a waiter that could be more friendly and informal.  But I've seen these same bionic waiters at other expensive places so it must be considered proper.. . Regarding atmosphere Cut has a cold contemporary feel.  Again I suppose many other high end customers might like this motif.  Personally I'll take a place with cushy chairs and oak panels or brass rails or even red drapes, napkins and tablecloths!  The hard feel of glass and plastic doesn't put me at ease to rest comfortably and enjoy.  Probably the idea is to keep folks from lingering too long.       . . With so many great steak houses in Vegas I won't ever be going back here.  I've read many of the positive CUT reviews here on Yelp and it makes me think these people have never experienced a really outstanding steak dinner.  Too bad for them!
I actually was a really big fan of Cut.  I have told a number of people in LA that if they are going to grab a steak in Las Vegas- this is the place.  My first experience the quality of service was amazing from the hostess to the server to the back server- it set the bar.  Their American Wagyu steaks are fantastic quality and while their sides are at a premium, they deliver- especially the mushroom and shishito peppers and mac & cheese.. . This last visit on Thursday night- everything was going well until my medium rare steak came out medium well to well done.  I always cut into the middle of my steak to check- so, I immediately caught the mistake and called my server over to get another steak cooking- this is where Cut started handling it wrong.  The server immediately grabbed the steak and said he would have another one cooked, but did not acknowledge that I was right to ask for another one to be made and no apology.  I'm definitely not the guy that wants anything comped, but I'm also the guy that doesn't want to be made to feel like a horse's patoot when my $80 steak is obviously miss prepared.. . So, my entire family ate their meal while I watched- the server didn't even bring me an empty plate to maybe eat some of the sides during the wait.  So, I finally got my steak after everyone at my table had finished- it was excellent.  But, to add insult- the back waiter asked in an accusing manner, if the steak was "cooked to my liking"- of which I replied- "yes- you mean- did you guys cook it medium rare".  The back server made me feel like I had been a difficult guest versus a guest that just wanted to have a nice dinner with my family and would have enjoyed to have eaten that dinner at the same time, but understands that mistakes happen- but, now was being made to feel bad- when the restaurant blew it.. . As I was paying my $600+ bill, I asked my waiter why he did not apologize or maybe get a manager to apologize for messing up my first steak and worse- making me feel like I was being difficult.  I asked him if either of the two managers knew that I ate my dinner at a different time than the rest of the table.  He said that they had been informed.  It was not busy-it was 7pm on a Thurs with a dining room 25% filled- the managers were struggling to find things to do.  . . I wish Cut the best and think that their servers are great and their food is even better.  But, they need to change their policy of how they handle guest complaints.  Their managers and servers need to know it is OK to say the words- "we are sorry"! Most guests that can afford to eat at restaurants in the CUT price range are not looking for something free- but, they are almost all asking for the service and food to be done right.  Usually if a spend a few hundred dollars on a meal, I want to feel good about it- they made me feel like an ass.  Thank you CUT for the awful night.
Food was good BUT next time I spend $1000 on a meal... I'll go elsewhere.  Very pretentious.
Overrated. . . I think I ordered the wrong steak but at $60 a steak, I still expected a good steak. . . I read the reviews and I still ordered the bone in since bone in has such good flavor. Yes, I understand it wouldn't be the most tender cut of meat, but it was chewy. I have had much better steaks in texas (also corn fed like they highly describe on their menu and by the waiter) than at cut. . . The rest - the sides were ok. i really enjoyed the mac and cheese that gets prepped (stirred) at the table as well as the spinach with egg. But the other sides were just ok. . . Wine/drink: they had a drink menu on an ipad and yes that's impressive but when it's a group of seven (mostly guys - i was the lone girl) it might be smart to give us more than one unit. . . The cheesy bread was amazing - that's the only reason this place got two stars. . . Service was great - but expected at a place of this size. . . All said and done, I paid two hundred dollars for my meal of a bad steak and ok mac and cheese. . . will not come again.
I don't get it?  Food was totally mediocre.  The waiter paraded a platter of uncooked steaks trying to upsell like he was moving timeshares except instead of free Disney tickets our bill was $160 per person, group of ten.  There are much better steak houses.
Great service but my Rib Eye was overcooked, I knew I should have ordered "rare" instead of medium rare because what I got was "medium". The meat was hard to cut for a $65 dfollar steak and harder to chew than rib-eye's I grill at home. Appetizers were good but not great. I didn't think it was a bad experience, but definitely nothing special other than really good service.
Came here w/ a party of 5 for a birthday celebration.. . 5 stars for service, 2.5 stars for food.  I don't know if the restaurant mis-executed but our steaks were generally over-cooked.  My steak in particular was very over-cooked.. . Bone-In Rib-Eye,Illinois aged 21 days 20 OZ ($64) - below average, 2.5/5 -  They over-cooked my steak. I ordered medium-rare and the steak came out medium to borderline well.  The insides were dry and it was not tender.  The exterior seared portions were charcoal-black and very crunchy.  Again, I don't know if they mis-executed my order but I was pretty disappointed w/ my steak.  This is also a small nitpick - I also prefer the steak came out hotter; I know you are supposed to let steaks sit for 5 minutes before serving but my steak was very slightly colder than I enjoy.. . "White-corn" Salad (Special) $20 - average 3/5. The salad "leaves" are replaced w/ corn (so it's like you are eating a bowl of corn).  Topped w/ baby tomatoes, goat cheese, and a type of mayonnaise-cream mixed w/ the corn.  It tasted okay.  I think they used too much mayonnaise/cream 'cause it tasted too creamy.  . . -The sides are served family style so we ordered a few items; Potato Tarte Tatin $19 (Pretty good), Mac & Cheese $12 (excellent), Yukon Gold Potato $12 (average), Tempura Onion Rings $12 (Below average). As such, I'd recommend the Potato Tarte Tatin & the Mac & Cheese.  Everything else was average.. . -Free parmesan bread sticks.  Also taste average but presentation is beautiful.. -Free cheese-puffs bread.  Taste average but beautiful presentation.. -Free-  4 types of bread (cheesy bread, pretzel, wheat and another I can't remember) .  Most of them are standard/average, but again, presentation is beautiful.  The pretzel was pretty good tho.. -The steaks also come w/ 4 types of dipping sauces (mustard, hollandaise, French mustard, and another I can't recall).  I typically don't use dipping sauces w/ my steaks but it's an option if you fancy.. . Service is great, 5/5.  Ambiance is very modern & nice.. . TIPS:. -Corkage $50
What a huge disappointment!  Love Wolfgang along with the look of this restaurant and the booth we were finally seated at, but those were the highlights of the evening.. . I should of known it wasn't going to be that great an evening when I ordered a Heineken only to be told, we don't offer it here, and then my wife orders a martini with extra olives only to have it served without olives and told I'll be right back with the olives I need to get them for the back, and this was at 8:30 pm!  So then I decide to order a chilled tequila to go with my Stella, which replaced the Heineken, in a martini glass straight up and a patron next to me takes an interests and asks the bartender, I'll have what he's having only to have a draft beer given to him.. . Next we are finally seated in a HUGE booth that had a view of every seat in the room, nice, but we are only a party of two, so it was a little much, but no complaints.  After a half hour of watching every party larger than two being seating and served in the room our waiter finally got around to taking our order, and mind you our drinks are now empty, and he never asked if we wanted another round, "just do you know what entrees you'd like?"  Unbelievable for what's suppose to be a classy joint.. . Finally the food arrives, I ordered the bone-in rib-eye medium rare only to have it still mooing, no sear or seasoning on it and my wife ordered the filet mignon medium rare only to have hers served medium and dry, so after an hour and a half of this lack luster performance we decide to forget about sending things back because we only had a weekend in town and only god would have known how long it would of taken them to re-fire our dinner, but figured instead we would something to management on the way out.  My wife asked to speak to the general manager instead of me doing so because I was ready to break him in half for ignoring us for wanting to speak with him about what we had just experienced at this fine dining establishment, but that turned out to be a joke as well, he offered nothing but excuses and no apology either, but would give a free appetizer next time we came in.  Really I thought, and told him there wouldn't be a next time.. . The only thing CUT was good for was cutting a  large sum of money from my wallet!
Two of us came here for New Year Eve dinner.  We were sat in the lounge area for dinner.  Granted we were walk-in and the main dining area was full.  The food was good, but nothing too special.  It was expensive for whatit was.  Given so many options in Vegas, I probably will not go back.
Disappointing. The steaks were ruined by over-seasoning. Everything--the side dishes, steaks, appetizers--was way, way too salty. It was like someone in the kitchen accidentally dropped an entire container of salt on the brussel sprouts in particular; they were so salty, we didn't eat them. . . Two of our steaks were cooked incorrectly, which is quite frankly unacceptable when steaks are $50+.  The Kobe beef was very tender, but again, ruined by excessive salt and seasoning. . . I can't recommend CUT. My friends and I spent hundreds of dollars on an underwhelming meal that just simply wasn't worth it.
