"What the....(add expletive here)!?!?!?". . That was definitely the phrase to describe our NYE experience at the Flamingo. I know mucho craziness during NYE in Vegas is expected, but it becomes an even bigger problem when hotel accommodations are screwed up.. . First off...valet parking was full. After our 6 hour trek from LA to Vegas, the last thing we want to hear is..."Sorry you can't park here." (Our first "what the...." moment.) Apparently valet was closed to us regular folk, but remained open for Diamond or Seven Star cardholders. To make matters worse, the regular hotel parking was CLOSED. We were forced to park at the neighboring O'Sheas parking lot. This then required us to haul our a$$es and baggage across an alleyway in 39 degree weather. "What the...!?!?". . Secondly...when we check-in, we are told the room we reserved (the Go room with a King size bed) was no longer available, but they did have Go rooms available with either double beds, or a handicap accessible room with a King size bed. ("What the...!?!?) Handle bars in the bathroom was not my idea of a romantic NYE getaway...but then again, double beds was not either. However, we opted for the double beds.. . Thirdly...the next morning I woke up looking forward to a nice long, HOT shower. I turn the shower on....water is ICE COLD. I figure it may take a while to warm up since the hotel is probably filled up to capacity, so I wait a few minutes. I check back...still ICE COLD. We call downstairs and apparently the hot water was out in half of the hotel. ("What the..!?!?) We go downstairs to put in our complaint....and the complaint line was already wrapped around the hotel lobby. We suck it up and wait in line. Its funny how negativity brings people together. Through different conversations we found out that some people had no hot water while others had NO WATER at all! . . After about 30 minutes, we finally got to speak to Andre, the guest services manager. Fortunately, he was very polite and listened carefully to our complaints...from the valet, to the hot water...even to the fact we had a coffee maker in our room, but no coffee! Step by step he negotiated a resolution to each complaint. He knocked off a hundred bucks on our NYE rate (our first night was already comped), he called down to valet and gave us his business card which allowed us access to valet parking, and then he contacted housekeeping to stock up our room with coffee (I'm a true coffee-holic.) . . If not for Andre, this would have been a one-star experience. Also, the Go Room was pretty chic. I loved the tv/mirror in the bathroom and the pink and brown color combo. However, next visit I plan on staying away from the strip....
Sightseeing location #3: Flamingo Las Vegas. . +: free Nathan Burton show. -: pretty much everything else. . Flamingo was my least favorite hotel during my trip. The whole place stank of cigarettes and people who have been there for too long. Though the lights look pretty on the outside, the whole decor on the inside was a mess! Actually, I don't even think there were ANY decorations. The Nathan Burton show was entertaining...plenty of adult humor with a few magic tricks. So if you're thinking about coming here to see something, this is your warning.
Disclaimer:  I experienced the Flamingo on NYE so note that this review probably does not reflect a typical experience.  . . I have to thank Flamingo for taking in my wasted friend who was throwing up repeatedly after drinking a four-foot tall mixed drink that was bought on the Strip.  We got denied from the other more classy hotels like Cesar's who require evidence of a room reservation or a pass in order to get in on NYE.  I guess they want classy, not trashy!  . . Yup, it was the Flamingo who would take us all in when it was freezing cold outside and it looked like the world was ending just by how the Strip looked like on NYE.  Thanks, Flamingo, we could not have survived NYE without you!
We stayed at the Flamingo over New Years and paid an OBSCENE amount of money for our room. I get it, every hotel room in Vegas goes up 10x on NYE, but that doesn't make me any less bitter. The Go rooms were sold out so we were stuck in one of the normal rooms. They were, well, crap. Big enough, but sparse and a little sad. Worse, the rooms had the worst insulation ever - we could hear the guy next door recapping his shaving can. For real?! The whole place smelled funny. The only redeeming part of that stay was the super nice valet guy. We didn't take out cash because the ATM fee was $5(!!!!) and they refused to cash our check and give us money so we could tip their own staff. We profusely apologized to the valet for not having a tip for him, and he was so freaking gracious and sweet about it. Nicest guy ever. He's the only thing keeping this review from 1 star.
I stayed in a deluxe room at this place and I can say I will never stay at this hotel again. Just because it's cheap doesn't mean that the quality of the room should be poor.  Tv and the bathroom look so out dated.  Imo this hotel needs a renovation badly.  Only good thing about our room was the view if the strip.  Right in front of Caesars Palace.
Needs to be put out of its misery and donate its signs to the Neon Museum boneyard.
Flamingo is old and run down now...Owned by Caesars Entertainment (Formerly Harrahs). I haven't stayed here in over 15 years and probably woudln't unless forced to.. Only reason I was here was the sponsored Poker Tournament was held in here and they barely have enough room for that...
Don't go to this hotel. It really is OLD. The room carpet was dirty. There is no fresh air as the entire room is enclosed in walls and glass. The toilet flush doesn't always work. The bed was okay and shower head didn't always have enough pressure. The only positive was the price which was $41 a night on weekdays, but weekends it shot up. Horrible rooms. The casino was not bad, but my clothes always inherited 2nd hand smoke when i got back into my room. I guess for the weekday price it can't be beat with a room that felt like a higher quality motel. They did also have some nice eateries downstairs like Johny Rockets.
I did a lot of research before booking this hotel.  All the photos on the websites only display the "newer" rooms.  When we booked it we were looking forward to staying at a nice hotel with a great location.  It was a great location but not a nice hotel. It was my first time in Vegas and I was looking forward to everything going as planned. Turns out it was an extra $30/night to upgrade to a "newer" room. I was very disappointed.  There always has to be something wrong or a catch when we book things online these days.  We did not want to spend any more money on upgrades so decided not to.  The room was clean looking but not really clean.  The website said it would come with many amenities.... but it came with only the basics: soap, shampoo, iron, blow dryer and tv.  No coffee machine or anything else! The carpet was stained and dirty.. i was afraid to go barefoot.  The bathroom was big and clean but the shower curtain was annoying.  The bed was king size and uncomfortable.  Nothing special about the sheets either. I was afraid of bed bugs... our room was far from the elevators but that was expected due to the huge hotel.  The hotel food was horrible.  I rather eat at Mc D's than the burger joint.  The pizza place was decent when the made it fresh.  And there was a scent/odor by the salon spa and store area... I don't know what it was but it made me nausea everytime we walked by to go to the garage. Almost like a wax smell.  Gross.  I don't know if I would stay here again unless I have one of the upgraded rooms.  I am usually not that picky but I do have bad allergies and sinus problems.
To be fair, we weren't expecting much. What we WERE expecting, however, was a killer pool. The website said it was "opening in March." So we called ahead to make sure that the pool would be open. This was only a partial truth. A lie by omission. There was only one pool open...a tiny little pool that usually serves as the 18+ pool. People were bitching and moaning about coming to vegas for a tan, only to be squeezed in like a sardine around this tiny pool. You were lucky to get a sun chair. Also, you canNOT take food or drinks into the pool area. The security people are kind of hard asses about it. . . That said, I'll make a few comments about the hotel. It is right on the strip and is a good value for the price. The room was newly renovated and was cozy, cute and comfortable. . . The service was not great. I was hard-pressed to find an employee with a smile on his or her face. The hotel itself is pretty janky. It is Vegas, so expect to pay close to 4 dollars for a bottle of water. And you can't get a snack for less than 10 dollars. 2 bloody mary's poolside will run you close to 30 dollars. You can get a bucket of cheap beer for 20 bucks. Internet is 14 dollars for 24 hours. . . Next time we'll definitely pay more to stay at a nicer hotel, but it was satisfactory for the purposes the purposes of this trip.
Nice downstairs..... . Room was pretty beat-down, and I thought they re-did them not too long ago.  Carpet was bumpy all over the floor to our room, and bathroom... well, it needed a LOT of work.  Peeling paint, rust, nicks, etc..... . Thanks for the cheap room and great location, but damn, there's nicer Motel 6's.
Rooms are OK. They did the job, but could have been cleaner. Our room was near/over a club so it sounded like we were in a club all night. Bathrooms were alright. You get what you pay for here.. . My main complaint is about the staff. Ask any of them a question (including the concierge) and you'll get a wrong answer or they have no idea.. . I'm not a gambler, but the casino seemed normal. The other casinos on different resorts looked and smelled better. The dining options in The Flamingo is lame compared to the other resorts. Not to mention, every thing closed around 11:30 p.m. I thought this was the city that never sleeps?!. . Spend your money on a better resort! I definitely will next time.
Rooms needed some updating like flat screen TV.  And just other little things such as showers heads.
My friends and I have stayed at the Flamingo twice. The main reasons why we decided on the Flamingo was the price and the location. It's located in the middle of the Strip, which is great for when you want to do a bit of sight seeing and walking around to check out the other big name hotels.. . Although the location of the Flamingo is ideal, don't expect the same luxury as you would get at the Wynn or anything. Flamingo is one of the older hotels with rooms to match. The both times I stayed, not all lamps/bulbs were working. Rooms kind of have a musty smell to them... I had to call guest services twice to get extra towels. But hey, the Flamingo did its job!. . The habitat exhibits and the pool are pretty cool. Nice addition to our stay. & perhaps another reason why we decided on the Flamingo again was the Burger Joint, which is located right next to the elevators. Perfect for finishing off a goood night, lol.. . Good price and in the middle of the Vegas trip. If you simply see your hotel as just a place to sleep and shower, the Flamingo is a good place.
I will not be returning to this hotel on my future trips to Vegas.  I had booked a pet room as I was traveling with my dog and after checking in and dropping all my stuff off in the room I went in search of a place to take my dog so he could "do his business".  I walked up and down the hallway near my room with my dog on his leash to try and find an employee who could tell me where to take him.  The three people I ran into first didn't speak English.  The next employee I ran into didn't think they had an area (real intelligent, you have pet rooms but no outside pet area, that makes a whole lot of sense....).  So finally after about an hour of just wandering the hotel I finally found it.  No thanks to any of the employees.. . The other thing that irritated me was that when the Bell Hop was loading all my stuff out of my car he said that he didn't have room to take my dog's carrier right then and that I could try calling back after 7:00 pm once it slowed down a bit.  Um, I'm sorry but I thought your job was to take whatever I wanted up to my room.  Not that you'll get the easy stuff and then inconvenience me by making me wait to get the other stuff that you don't feel like loading right now.. . The only reason that I'm giving the Flamingo 2 stars instead of 1 is because the room service food was good and the valet was free.  But those two things alone do not make up for the lack of service and knowledge of the grounds from the employees.  Save yourself a headache and book somewhere else on your trips to Vegas.
An aging starlet fades as her frequently changing management neglects the sparkle that once made her great....
My fiance and I stayed here one night when we were able to grab a great deal on one of the cute Go rooms. Our flight got in at like 2 am and rather than pay $200+ for 8 hours in the room like we would at Palazzo (where we stayed the rest of the trip), we decided to give the Flamingo a try. I've always been kind of fascinated by it and its kitschy old Vegas appeal- the pink neon, the sordid mob history, etc.. . Parts of the Flamingo have been remodeled adorably and parts of it still miss the mark. I would love for them to just go all-out retro and put some pink shag carpeting in the rooms and make everything as awesomely tacky as possible. If they renovated the rest of the rooms a la the Go rooms and did some remodeling of the casino floor and other areas that haven't quite been updated yet, and maybe if they kicked out Donny & Marie, this place could be well on its way to awesome.. . So our room was very cute and in terms of looks alone, I would give it 4 stars. Unfortunately, behind the hip exterior things were not quite as clean as I would expect. I mean, there was an empty condom box in one of the beds.. . It was also pretty hard to get to sleep; being an older hotel, the rooms are not exactly sound-proofed and I could hear the thumping and bumping of music in some club ALL. NIGHT. LONG. We were super tired and got to sleep anyway, but if I'd had to stay here for more than one night, that would have driven me absolutely nuts!. . I wanted to like the Flamingo so much, but it just didn't live up to my expectations. I suppose it would be cool for a short stay in Vegas if you don't want to spend a lot of money and you want to be right in the middle of things- the location is pretty great, after all. I don't think I'll be returning anytime soon, though.
I *SO* wanted to love the Flamingo - old school kitsch, right on the strip, "forever fabulous"... what's not to love? . . We had been told that the rooms were old, but good and got there EARLY on a Thursday morning to try to upgrade if possible from our reserved room. Well.... we were assured that we had an amazing room and the woman at the front desk (who we were really chatting it up with) said she would "hook us up" with a great deal/great room. The only problem was that it wouldn't be available for a few hours. We thought - no problem! We left our luggage at the bell desk and went out to chill in the little grassy area outside for a while, gambled a bit, checked out the grounds. When we returned and got our room, I was horrified.. . The place looked like a crime scene. Large red stains all over the carpets, smoke-stained drapes, dingy/scratched side tables. The bathtub, bathroom vent, and counters were lined with mold in every crevice and rust on many of the surfaces. Our shampoo was partially used. The shower curtain was BARELY hanging onto the cracked bar. The closet sliding mirrored door was completely off it's hinge. I'm usually not a neat freak, but this room was totally unacceptable - especially at the rate we were paying. The room looked TORE UP.. . My boyfriend and I immediately went back to the lobby (of course, it's packed by then!) and asked for a different room, calmly listing our complaints. The person we talked to couldn't have cared less, and said that they were "completely" booked. We considered driving back home that night, but were then offered another "better" room. We checked it out, and although it was an improvement (not as much mold or stains), it still fell FAR short of what we expected. We were told that "we're upgrading the rooms in July" but that we would just have to deal with the rooms "as-is." What really shocked me is that no one seemed to care about the stains, the mold, the dirty bathrooms, the rust... no one offered to get a manager or even let housekeeping know about the situation.... or in ANY way make it right for us/future customers. In fact, I KNOW they booked the room because they told us they would be able to give it to someone else right away and to "get any of your stuff out of there." Um.... gross. No upgrades to another suite. We went to the new room, and figured that we'd be heading back the next day.. . Luckily, we were able to work with the company we booked our travel through and were offered an upgrade to the GOsuites (the ones that were "completely unavailable" earlier) - which were a huge improvement, but also cost us quite a bit. The HOTEL offered no apologies for the inconvenience of schlepping the bags to three different rooms or any concessions to make our stay more comfortable, but the room was at least clean, cute, and had a good view.. . Although the GORooms are cute, the whole hotel seems to "miss the mark" as another Yelper put it. The customer service is very poor, and although I'm interested in seeing what the remodel will bring, the experience was so bad that I doubt we'll return any time soon. Other issues included the pool closing at 6pm most days (really? It's still hot hot hot!), a real mismatch in decor throughout most of the place (are they trying to be South Beach? Retro? Jimmy Buffet hangout? Upscale kitsch?). And placing annoying time-share people around every available elevator entrance/exit to harass people day and night. They lack a cool lounge area for drinking. The "Sin City Brewery" is probably the best on-location spot to drink (outside of the pool, which is decent), but it lacks the sense of atmosphere you would think a place like the Flamingo would have.... . I think this place has SO much potential, but it really falls short of the goal of being this cute old-school "classic" that it seems to aspire to. I hope these guys get their act together for the sake of preserving LV history, but my expectations are pretty low at this point.
The Flamingo Hotel...hmm...its a hotel? I rate it 3 stars because it does what it is supposed to do...gives me somewhere to sleep. I also really like the casino here...I say here, because I am writing this review in my room, while paying 13 dollars for 24 hours worth of internet. That is not so bad, but I just think its stupid that hotel don't offer free wi-fi, they just want money so whatever. Anyways. . . I am here with my boyfriend and my grandparents. We have a Go room and my grandparents have a deluxe. First things first, we went to check-in with no wait because it was around 530 pm. The lines are very long earlier in the day. They give us our keys and we walk with my granparents to their room. They slide there key in the door and it opens....dot dot dot...to people in the room. Yes, they gave my grandparents a room that was already booked!! (LOCK YOUR DOORS WITH THE EXTRA LOCK) Thankfully they were just sitting on the bed, but imagine? So I was pissed. I let my grandpa go down and deal with it because I didn't want to start yelling, hah. Anyways, don't you think they should have gotten an upgrade? Nope, they actually got the exact same room but higher? I guess that is an upgrade...the desk girl said they were getting a better room. It was not better at all. So its good to know that they don't take care of their mistakes...you know what I am going to take away a star...now I'm mad again. 2 stars... . . Okay, our Go room is a really nice room. I was kind of pissed though because I had requested a room with a King bed and a separate tub/shower. It is why we got the room, but they didn't have one. So we just have the stand up shower. ehh. Oh Yea, the air has been on the entire time but the temp still says 75 in here. Apparantly it goes off when you leave the room, so it pretty much only works when your in the room...Oh yeah, only one of our keys worked, so we had to go down to fix that. They also didn't clean our room the after the first night. I don't think they even walked in. So we had to call for clean towels. Then the next day we came in around 2 pm. they hadn't cleaned so we called just to make sure. 10 minutes later they were here to clean.... . I just highly recommend paying for a nicer hotel. The food selection sucks. Honestly the only thing that is good is the bed. It is pretty comfortable. They Casino good. There aren't any good bars.... . I mean if you just want a basic hotel, in the middle of the strip, it is a good hotel. Just don't expect anything extra. Expect to want to leave the hotel everyday, because there is nothing to do here.... . hope this review helps!! . :) nykki
Awful!. . My family and I and casual travelers ( we only go to Vegas, eh) and we have experienced INCREDIBLE Services atolder hotels ( we've stayed in almost 75% of Vegas Strip Casino Hotels), but at this one, the hotel with the slogan Forever Fabulous, wasn't very Fabulous at all. My Father decided to stay in this hotel because of what he heard about the amazing pools, and the great rate he had received, 129 per night with 2 queen beds, hot tub, HD flat screen. Flamingo, didn't do their end of the bargain. The room we were originally given was extremely small, 2 SINGLE beds, a TV from the era where they were barely beginning to have color, broken shower, and the room smelled like weed, and failed to meet hygienic standards. Of course my father went down to complain, in return we got, a slightly bigger room with furnishings, same bathroom style, no HD TV still, Slightly bigger double beds, AC and heating failed to work, ( around 110 degrees outside, but in our room it was around 50) but the room was allot cleaner.The next day: my old man, having double hip replacement, and the fact that there are 4 of us so we have to share beds, fueled us to go down there, with the copy of the website we had purchased the rooms from, with the description. Again, they moved us to a different room, but this time charging us an Extra $35 a night! Our next room wasn't much better than our last in terms of sanitation and maintenance. Again, we went down to complain, and back up we came again, this time we actually got the room we paid for, everything that was described and more ( TV in the bathroom:P). Now enough about the rooms and service. The pool :  We heard it was beautiful, We saw it was beautiful, but if you came here for a family fun experience, your not going to get it. The pools are 3 sections, all 3 linked through slides and ladders, and walkways of course. 2 of the sections are particularly small, as in, community pools are bigger. and the 3rd one, was enormous,huge, clean, and only for 18 years and older........ HUGE drawback, most people go to pools because they have children with them. Me being 16, but having an awesome mustache, walked right in, later being escorted out by security.... While I was in though, I noticed, THE POOL WAS LESS THAN 10% POPULATED, while the other pools were Stuffed, and there was even lines to get in ( Only hotel guests can enter pools also). There was more attractions for kids in the Go Pool( 18+ pool) than in the others. That, the fact that they kick you out of the pool at dusk, and $25 margaritas is a HUGE drawback for guests. . . Now for Food. . Sadly, I did not get to eat at the buffet in the Flamingo, which is slightly more overpriced that other hotels. There's also a Burger Joint, called Burger Joint (clever huh), I also failed to eat there. But behind the casino there's a food court, They have an AMAZING pizza place, ( overpriced though) a Johnny Rockets (overpriced as well) and a NYSubs.. . Shows= I only watched one show, it was endorsed by flamingo, but was shown in the Bar O'Sheas next door, it was Wild Magic with a guy whos name i forgot. Absolutely Fantastic, the stage is tiney, when i walked in i'm thinking to myself, "wtf did i get myself into" The show though, turned out to be great, you get so close to wild big cats that it almost feels like they are going to eat you, This is the only reason im giving flamingo 2 stars instead of 1.. . . Well, I hope my review helped you make your decision on where to stay (stratosphere and Luxor are for great for small budget decisions). . Check me out on youtube ( Has nothing to do with reviews what so ever, just throwing it out there) . . www.Youtube.com/darproduction
So disappointed with this stay at the Flamingo. . I am a regular to Vegas, in fact I call it my second home as I seem to be here at least 5 times each year if not more.. I have stayed at the Flamingo twice before and have a wonderful experience with the room and because the location is GREAT was looking forward to another great stay.. I can't say that this time.. The room this time was horrible. The carpet was beyond stained and gross. The light switches were cracked and broken off. The toilet was broken and we had to call maintence b/c the hotel staff said they would not move us until they tried to correct the problem. The shower was lacking pressure and needed a clean shower curtain.. I will admit the view of the pool from our room was very nice. Again, you can't beat the location of this hotel on the strip and the casino itself is nice and clean.. I will COMPLIMENT the pool though. The pool deserves 4 stars. It is clean, huge and inviting. The drinks are priced high, but that is to be expected. Themusic is good and I love that there are separate pools for 18+ and kids (thank goodness). I will advise to get here early though, as the pool fills up quick and chairs get scarce.. I might try here again since the other two times were wonderful, but not in the near future as the Flamingo needs to re-earn my trust.
Meh. Having stayed at a wide assortment of Vegas hotels over the years, I'd come to the conclusion that where you stayed was fairly unimportant (given how little time is spent in the room). . . But on this trip - my viewpoint changed. Where you stay determines the overall crowd, and a young, hip one is what we wanted. The Flamingo sure ain't that. Granted, it didn't stop us from meeting tons of like-minded people ... just not in our hotel.. . The price was OK (about $125 a night for this particular weekend), but looking back, it would have been totally worth it to spend just a little more and stay at Planet Hollywood orthe Cosmopolitan. Lesson learned.. . The Flamingo has two main selling points - their badass, central location on the Strip, and a Margaritaville on site. Otherwise - the rooms are just ok, the front desk doesn't provide even the smallest of comforts (I called for a toothbrush when my  bag was delayed, they told me to go buy one), internet was overpriced, no minibars in the rooms and the crow was pretty lowbrow.. . Their X Burlesque show was totally entertaining (separate review to come), but otherwise - I definitely wouldn't stay here again, especially when so many other, better options abound with a negligible price difference.
Dirty carpets, paper thin walls, long lines for check in and out and not a big selection at the food court or shopping wise. The pool was fun even thou some areas of the lounge section smelled like sewer. Parking was a nightmare, valet was always full and the structure was too. Wouldn't stay here again. Also on Sunday a housekeeper knocked on our door at 9am and asked what time we were checking out, wth?!?!?
We stayed at the Flamingo for two reasons:  1) we have a young son who wanted to do the big water slide pool at the Flamingo -- and he did, all day long; 2) my wife wanted to see Donny and Marie at the Flamingo.  The Flamingo water slide pool gets 4 stars and Donny and Marie get 5 stars (even though I am not a D&M fan, the show was very entertaining and well worth it).. . Otherwise, we would have stayed at the Wynn or Encore because, for roughly the same price, the Wynn gives you a much newer, cleaner, nicer room and hotel.  The Wynn has a big pool, but no water slide like the Flamingo.. . But the Flamingo hotel and rooms get 2 stars.  The Flamingo felt white trashy.   We stayed in a GO room with a view, which is supposed to be a renovated upgrade from their standard rooms.  The hall way carpet was covered in stains.  The bathroom smelled and the sink was clogged when we arrived.  There are no tubs.  Just a shower stall.  The shower is supposed to have jets but if you use the jets the entire bathroom floor gets major flooding because of the lame lame shower design.  The bathroom also has a weird sliding glass door that is see-through, sound-through, and smell-through.    There was a flat screen TV.  The hotel guide in the room is insufficient and does not give you a map or directions or hours to get to any of the stuff in the hotel.  If you try and call the front desk, it is just like trying to call a 1-800 customer service line. There was a small fridge in the room.  The beds were comfy enough but bedding (and ceiling - this is Vegas) had hot pink stains all over it.  Internet access was like $15/day and did not appear to be wireless.  Checking in or out is like waiting at the airport luggage line.  . . The buffet has okay but nothing better than a Chuck-O-Rama really.  The cafe, was good, but served the exact same food for the exact same prices as in-room service.  . . The pool was good.  What used to be the 18+ pool (a boring oval surrounded by statutes) has been changed to the family pool.  Now, half of what used to be the family pool complex (including the largest open part with the water fall) is closed to children under 18.  Starting at 10 AM, they open up the half of the water slide complex that kids can use, which has the big slide.  . . Until they do a serious renovation, we will not return to the Flamingo because the hotel/rooms are too nasty.  There are Hilton villas or something adjacent to the complex that get use of the Flamingo pool.  I might try and stay there next time because the rooms look to have what we want:  newer furnishings/decor with a good jetted tub.
One of the first large scale hotel/casinos on the strip, The Flamingo has definitely been upgraded since its vintage opening. A large casino floor is surrounded with stores, a big outdoor pool area, some restaurants, you know the drill.. . My room was quite affordable through an Expedia special, and although it was comfortable and generally clean, the carpeting both in my room and near the elevators was stained with ambiguous discoloration, Vegas-style.. . To my pleasant surprise, however, my standard queen room did have a microfiber loveseat, a comfortable chair, and a nice TV. Room service is 24 hours but with a limited menu and Internet is $14/day PER DEVICE. Fortunately I had tethering on my phone.. . The Flamingo is trying to preserve its Old Las Vegas mystique while being modern and comfortable, which it largely succeeds at. It just needs to hire a carpet cleaner more often, get some better restaurants, and stop charging for Internet access, which you expect to be free.
Be careful staying at this hotel! The STAFF cannot be TRUSTED. . Most of my stays in Vegas have been with the Flamingo and by far this is probably the worst stay ever. Didn't have any problems with the food, rooms or casino, just the staff. They are a bunch of thieves.. . My husband was sitting at one of the bars playing video blackjack. For some stupid reason he didn't put his money in his wallet but decided to stuff it in his pocket. Unfortunately he didn't stuff it far enough so the money fell out of his pocket, yup $220 gone. Luckily he remembered who was around him. He remembered an Asian employee coming up to him tryin to start a conversation. Thank god for the security cameras because low and behold they caught the lady kicking the money to the side and her accomplice (another employee) pickingit up.. . If it wasn't for the quick attention of security and the cameras, we would've been a$$ed out! . . If I can give separate ratings, I would give 4 stars for security, 2 stars for the stay and -10 stars for the staff. The thing that sucked was for our inconvenience and there incompetence, they only gave us a $50 credit to use for food and drink for 8 people (we had 4 rooms total). Your an effin hotel and you couldn't come up with anything better. This will probably be our last stay here, we probably would've been better of next door at IP.
Came here for the Casino and to see a Toucan that they said they had... . . This place is a OLD casino. It reeks of  cigarettes and heat... Came here to see a toucan for my friend but they had a parrot that only shows up on the weekdays. Outside the Flamingo smells like bird and fish poo and it just wasn't interesting.
Ambiance: Below Average. Room: Below Average. Service/Concierge: Average. Parking: Free . Location: Excellent. . I was comped the room here so can't really comment on the value. The place need an overhaul as it is showing its age. I heard one of the tower is renovated so the rooms there are nicer. The room we stayed was functional but wasn't nice. The worse part was they didn't clean our room on Sunday ! we didn't have any do not disturb sign so no excuses there. The pool area is very nice and I think one of the better ones in Vegas.2.5 Stars max. Location is dead central which is great if you just want to walk around.
Oh dear.  I can't vouch for the renovated section of the hotel - it was sold out.  I can say I stayed in the un-renovated part of the hotel and it was pretty much the worst.  It bears mentioning that probably 10% of the hotel rooms are renovated.  The Spa Tower, the Habitat Tower and the Shite tower or whatever it was called are not renovated. . . The hotels in Las Vegas have themes: Paris is done in a French motif, Bellagio is some kind of balloon motif, and the Flamingo is done in the stain motif.. . Where to begin?  The heavily stained carpet?  The wallpaper & paint peeling off the bathroom wall?  Yuck.  P.U.   When I was trying to come up with positives for the room, I noted that there was hot & cold running water and also an electrical outlet.  And a window. The outlet turned out to be one of those stretched out ones that your plug just falls out of.  (Insert dirty joke here).. . My friend had a somewhat more cheerful yet un-renovated room, and, I'm not exaggerating here, we had to step over strange, gigantic, sullen-teens to get into and out of her room.  Weird, overfed she-teens converged and just hung out in the door-well of her room.  Was there a Beiber impersonator rumored to be there?  It is a mystery that will remain unexplained forever.. . The pool is lovely.  When the temperature drops to a balmy 104 in the late afternoon, that's when to head over.  The security guards wouldn't let us in - it closes at 6pm.  6pm!!!!  Total BS.  6pm. How bout closing when it gets dark?  Go crazy, Flamingo - stay open til aaaah, 8pm in the summertime.. . OH I did give it two stars instead of one because a) the people at the counter really really tried to help and were very very nice.  b) the room for all it's beige-stainness thankfully didn't smell.  I'm curious about the renovated rooms tho, reading the wholly other types of experiences other yelpers had.
I wish there was a way to review just the pool because this review is pretty much for that alone. Another local girl and I came here after seeing all the posts about the over 21 pool being open and free to local girls. After wandering aimlessly for about 10 minutes because the arrows for the signs were pointed in strange places, we got in line and were told it was a $20 cover for each of us. Props to the cashier who took pity on us, let us in free, and just said to buy something at the bar. Still... $20 per girl? I don't even pay that to get into Encore Beach Club and at least there I usually walk out with something from the giveaways. We went in, bought drinks, and were there about 15 minutes. The over 21 crowd consisted of mostly over 55 people and the vibe was just not there. Will not be coming back here. Ever.
I stayed here over the Labor Day weekend. The room was comp thru Total Rewards. The carpet was spotted and dirty. I should upgraded to the GO Room for $30 a night...The window faced Ceasars Palace, which was nice. I liked the location and the fact that security doesn't check keyes every time you come in. The hotel accommodated my requests. I got a room close to the elevator and two queen beds. Housekeeping gave me more towels, pillows, and blankets. But they want to questioned how many people were in the room. I found that rude. I would stay there again but not pay for it again!
The Flamingo has many highs and lows, and nothing in between.  Super smokey casino that leaves your clothes reekin'?  Check.  Right in the center of the Strip for perfect access to anywhere? Check.  A clientele that looks as though they enjoy the early bird specials?  Check.  A casino that has that old-Vegas touristy nostalgic feeling?  Check and check.. . Everyone should visit the Flamingo once.  Even if it's just to stop in and make a lap before classin' it up at Bellagio or classin' it down at Bill's.  I wouldn't recommend anyone spend most of their vacation there, however.  It's crowded because it's in the middle of the Strip, but I get the feeling no one really wins while gambling here.. . For a side note on the rooms.... my friend stayed in a "Go Room" this past week that I got to check out.  It's large and has a mini-fridge for personal use.  But it's got an odd design to it.... everything looks really plastic-y and there's opaque glass walls around the bathroom.  And speaking of the bathroom, I hope you're comfortable with whomever you're shacking up with...you can hear everything that goes on in the bathroom and there are no locks on the door.  The Flamingo is not a bad place to stay if you get a great deal, but I would consider elsewhere if the prices are comparable to other casinos.. . In all, this a tourist casino.  I can't imagine locals hanging out as regulars.  Stop by to say you've seen it, and then move on to the next.
For the amount of money you pay at this place for 2 nights, its definitely not worth it. The holiday inn express is better and cheaper. But for convenience I had to stay here. I guess its what you make it..
Unless you get a "Go Room" you are in for a dirty filthy room. They don't care either. We had to move three times. The first time we moved after complaining there was another guest checking in our room before we fully moved out. No one from the Hotel checked on our complaint before sticking another guest with the problem.. . The carpet was beyond dirty. It reaked and had stains and dirt all over. If you stepped into the tub after walking on the carpet you would leave black footprints. There is no excuse for such filth and no excuse for ignoring it and pawning these rooms off on the next guest.. . The Hotel is old and smells like it. They are trying to improve by updating, but have a ways to go. With all the lovely hotels in Vegas, why would anyone want to stay here is beyond me. It was my first and last time. I've never been treated as badly. A kennel would have been cleaner.. . There is one shining part of the Flamingo left. Junius Johnson, Jr., a server in the buffet. The man has been there for 30 years and he is the ultimate for customer service. He needs to train the rest of the staff. Hats off to the man.
Hardwood floors in the room, now that's something that I really detest. When I go to a hotel I expect a bit of comfort in the room. The phone's socket was hanging out of the wall. I had to plug in the clock and set the time myself. There was a hole in the wall where the door handle had collided with it once too often. The TV was an old-fashioned CRT and not a flat panel. I had an ant infestation, they were all over the bedside table and floor. To compensate they couldn't knock anything off the room rate because of the way I'd paid (Expedia) but they gave me a free breakfast at the buffet. . . Speaking of breakfast, the lines at all the eating establishments were a mile long in the morning.  I had a wedding to get to and I was not expecting to have to wait in line for breakfast, so I had to get some yoghurt parfait and a croissant at one of the little stalls and eat it in my ant-infested room. I got breakfast at the buffet the next day and had to wait about ten minutes to get a seat event though there was plenty of empty tables.
This hotel MAY be "almost" historic... but the amenity pricing is definitely exorbitant. Sure, the room prices are moderately okay but they never include amenities. Here is my detailed review:. . Room: Clean, maid service is great, views are swell. I was in a GO ROOM and the noise level was horrible... even on the 28th floor. I'm also not sure why but there is a door that goes to the next room here. I could hear our neighbors very clearly. . . Bathroom: The water pressure in the shower is extremely low. It takes a long time to shower. They include four drinking cups but the water is not filtered. (They want you to spend $$ on room service.) Vents make weird noises but that may be just in my room, I'm really not sure. . . Amenities: Although the Internet and Gym here costs $15 and $10 per day respectively it does help to notice that this resort does NOT charge a daily resort fee. However, a cup of hot water costs $7 via room service is not cool. There was also NO mini-fridge, NO microwave, and NO coffee pot. . . Other Services: The valet is free and they work solely on tips so when you go give them a few bucks if they don't treat you like crap. They were nice to my wife and I.. . Guest Services: So our adjoining neighbors decided to open their side of the door where we can hear everything they say. I called guest services and I believe I spoke with someone named John (I can't remember) who said, after treating me like a moron, that he would call. Well, we never heard their room phone ring and their side of the door stayed open. Every nightwe'd hear the neighbors yap it up and every morning hear the guy talk on his phone, "Yeah man! I'm in Vegas! F'in this and F'in that man it's F'in great!" Completely uncalled for. I was also told by GS that 80% of their rooms are adjoining. . . Please forgive me for being harsh, but I did pay money for this room and I expect to be respected.
this place is huge. Not the most organized casino on the strip. . . It for sure is starting to show its age in comparison with like hotels and casinos on the strip. . . I must say that the men working at the bell men's desk were not friendly. When asking a  question they looked at us as though we had just asked them for their souls.. . Don't expect to be able to use the gym either. Regardless if you are a guest or not....You have to pay 10$ per person per day. In addition to the charges for the spa and showers.
I stayed at the Flamingo back in July during a short two day trip to Vegas to visit some friends. I probably go to Vegas about 6x/year and decided that I wanted to try a different hotel. (I usually stayed at TI or MGM but now I'm switching to PH). After a long day of flying from the midwest I finally got to the hotel and wanted to get settled before we started hitting it. The check in line was long and there were few clerks.. . After being called up to the desk I gave the lady my ID and my conf #. She took my ID and went into the back room and disappeared for literally 20 minutes. I became annoyed at this point as my reservation was already paid for so I asked a clerk who wasn't busy to see what the hell was going on but she just gave me a blank stare. . . After waiting 25 minutes at this point the lady returns with some pygmy manager in a cheap suit. He proceeds to meekly tell me they overbooked and asked if I would be willing to stay at another Harrah's property. I told him the only place I'd move to at this point was Caesar's. He said they can offer me a room at Harrah's and they will comp me a buffet. Hahahahaha really dude? Thanks for wasting my time gfy! I told him to give me my room key or give me a refund and I'll call up the MGM. They gave me a room key. I felt like I was stuck at the DMV or something.. . The room I booked was a GO suite and there was nothing sweet about it. Stains everywhere, dusty, old dirty furniture, bad smell, and there was nothing new or renovated about it in my opinion. The vibe of the hotel was really lame. We didn't hang out there at all. Not  much of a young crowd and not much action.. . This was the first and last time I stayed at the Flamingo.. . Only pro: No resort fees.. Cons: Everything else...
This place has definitely seen better days. My elevator stopped 6 inches short of the floor level, but opened anyway. I didn't want to get sliced just in case it decided to move, so I jumped out.. . My window did not even provide a view of the strip because there was an ad banner made of this mesh that was pasted on my side of the building.. . Don't waste your money here, stay somewhere newer. It takes about an hour to check in, their front desk is atrocious.. . Crappy slow expensive wifi. Even Vagabond Inn has free wifi.
I decided to make a reservation at the Flamingo during a recent visit this early December.  All I'm going to say is that these older hotel casinos need to step up their game, but then again, I can see why they don't have to as someone needs to accommodate a lower price point compared to the Bellagio, Aria, Encore and the likes.. . When we checked in, the line was super long but I noticed that there was a self-service check in kiosk.  I thought, "Cool, gotta try it out."  I literally checked myself into a room within a matter of five minutes and it was was so easy, I love technology!  The bro-in-law checked in earlier that morning and sent pics of his "Go-Room" which looked pretty snazzy!  I didn't opt for a Go-Room and I kind of regretted it but then again, I had more money for shopping!. . There were three different elevator banks to get to your specific room.  You need to know which exact elevator you need to get on otherwise it'll be a long walk.  When we get to the room, it was totally basic, no frills and borderline dirty, i.e. gum on the carpet.  But we made the best of it and after awhile, didn't pay much attention.  The room definitely is in dire need of renovated with new furnishings, along with the old school tube TV that hums when it turns on.  The bed surprisingly was fairly comfy though.  The bathroom was quite dull, but spacious, then again, we were in an accessible room.  The shower was a tub but it had rails and a hand held shower head which couldn't stay put, so I had to hold it or literally stand near the wall to be under the stream.  Not to mention, the tub area had no lighting and it didn't help that the shower curtain was made of thick, industrial strength plastic which just let a mild glow of light through.. . I honestly don't like eating on the Strip as there is so much foodie goings on beyond the Strip so, I can't comment on any of the restos.  I do remember eating at their cafe a few years ago and it was just standard diner type of food and service.. . The gaming was decent and they had all the newer slots with LED screens and whatnot.  I guess they'd rather invest in new slot machines than put an LED TV in the rooms, which I guess makes better business sense.. . Their parking garage can be tough to maneuver and easily gets full, same goes with their Valet, unless you happen to be a Diamond or Seven Stars player.. . Overall, the Flamingo's location is so ideal as it's located in the heart of the Strip.  If you want to be in the middle of all the action and simply just want a bed to lay your head on in the wee hours of the morning, go for it!  However, I personally wouldn't stay here again, unless it was in a Go Room.
First off coming from staying at the Bellagio and Wynn this was a big step down...I went to Vegas with 5 other guys and one of them picked the Flamingo to stay because it was cheap and centrally located...and that was ALL it had going for it.. . Casino was junk....rooms were dirty, A/C didnt work (took 2-calls to front desk to get it "fixed"), beds were HORRIBLE, pillows were WORSE, bathrooms were mediocre and the ameneties weren't there.. . Old, cheap, centrally located...that sums it up!
I have to say for how famous this place is I was not impressed at all. Located right off the Las Vegasstrip this place looks really cute in white and pink. I really wish I liked it more for just the color on the outside but in the inside the rooms were feeling pretty small and tight even for the suites!. . Bathroom was having some issues with wallpaper falling off. It really wasn't pretty at all. I did enjoy the flamingos they have. :) It is super cute!! . . I felt like I was time warped back in the 50's...But what can you say..this place is famous and semi decent prices.
Get a "GO ROOM" or don't stay here.  Great location on the strip.  If you book a Go Room, try to get one with the view.  If you happen to stay here in a normal room, you will be greatly disappointed.  The bathroom is a downgrade from a Travel Lodge.  I had no water pressure in the shower and the shower curtain appeared to be from the 99 Cent Store.  I had multiple cig burn holes in the sheets and blankets.  The carpet was filthy and the stopper in the cink was broken.
little change from years past...an old hotel and casino still surviving...restaurant selections poor...burgers, buffet and standard quick fix...bellhop service quite sluggish...package shipping and receiving a trek to the ups store...typical las vegas surcharge by weight for handling...up to the room and finding a change from previous years...horrendous aged pink room walls finally gone...updates and upgrades...beds, television and interiors seeing renovated in two-thousand-eleven...finding more comfort and beds actually softer...not a bad rest night...
Why I wound up staying here aside (valet lost our car keys!), I suppose I do have to admit that the rooms are 3 stars (er, the new ones at least). We had a nice view of the Strip (including the Bellagio fountains). Good comfy beds. Decent bathroom (though, no tub, just a shower). The decor was decent too. No robes, no minibar. But for a place to rest your head at night in Sin City, you could do way worse. And it's a pretty good central location too.. . However, there isn't much else to do at the Flamingo. There's a couple of ok shows, but it ends there. The restaurant options are sucky. Room service is no more than 2 stars. The stores are sucky. Etc.. . So for the right price, it's a good room, but not much else.. . And then, of course, there's the issue that the valet lost our car keys. Yep, lost our car keys. What are the friggin' odds of that happening? Either way, can't say I would recommend valeting your car here. Why take that gamble?. . I do have to admit, though, that I like their pool. Somewhere between 3 and 4 stars. It's free for locals (after a certain time). And the adult only pool is pretty good too.
This is a difficult review to write because I was pleased with the outcome but frustrated the the process and the way they handled it.  . . We booked to night at the Flamingo and arrived around 4pm which is their standard check in time.  I parked in their garage and unloaded all our bags to go check in.  When I arrived I found out they didn't have a room for us.  So the moved our reservation to the Harrahs, which was no big deal, had they at least call and informed us before I waisted my time unloading, reloading, and unloading the car.  . . It did make it all better when we got to the Harrahs and found out we were upgraded to a suite at no extra charge.  . . Flamingo if you cancel or move someones reservation make sure you inform them.
The best thing I can say about this place was that it was cheap. After that there was nothing nice about it.  We had a "fab" room which they gave us begrudgingly after the first "Jr. suite" they gave us was totally unacceptable. The jr. Suite had a "bedroom"  with only a bed-no TV-no dresser-nothing (and that was the nice part)-so after they moved us they gave us this "fab room" which was anything but.  It was small, had a gross old bathroom, didn't have a mini bar or refrigerator, nor any upgrade that I saw.   On top of that this casino lacked the air filter system that other newer casinos had and was full of smoke that practically choked us and was impossible to spend any time in.   Also, their employees seemed totally unaware of where they worked.  We constantly asked people where things were in the hotel and not a single employee could answer our questions.   For example we saw on the hotel map a burger/sports bar located somewhere in the hotel.  We asked several people who worked there (dealers, security guards, etc) where it was and not a single person could tell us. We later found out it was closed for remodeling and no one knew...do yourself a favor and spend a couple of more bucks at a nicer hotel.  It will make your trip so much better....
Positive:. - great location on the strip.. -  reasonable prices for rooms.. - remodeled/updated fo rooms were very nice.. -  wedding chappel manager was able to pull off my anniversary gift for my husband in a very short span of time.. - wildlife habitat was pretty interesting.. - margaritaville was pretty happening. . - no resort fees.. . Negative:. -  casino is smaller, even when the margaritaville casino is included.. - very pushy timeshare people located throughout the casino, at every elevator, etc. hard sell and pressure to buy was way too much.. - the rooms lacked sound insulation. the few times we wanted to take a nap at 2am, the room next door had a huge party that sounded like it was right in our room and this carried on for hours for several nights.. - never had a warm shower while there. No matter what time of day or night, the water pressure was low and water never got better than luke warm. . - they could use a better selection of restaurants. We ate at hamada of japan and margaritaville. Nothing special. went to planet hollywood for better restaurants.. - wi fi is $15 a day for in your room. if you want to use wi fi on their extended property, it is $25 per day. . . It is a decent value for the money if you can overlook the negatives.
Upon first glance, I was impressed. For a supposedly "old" hotel, the Flamingo was surprisingly clean and brightly lit. And to my surprise -- it was crackin! The casino was always filled, people milling about.. . Unfortunately, my high hopes soon fled after realizing there was no level of customer service. When we went to check in on late Friday night, the line was long and took forever. Now, I understand being an avid Vegas goer--lines will be long on Friday. But I'm amazed at how little concierges were available to welcome a heavy traffic flow. There were about three concierges total, by far the lowest I've seen at any hotel. It took far longer than necessary to get through.. . Rooms were surprisingly new...until you got to the bathroom. There is also no coffee pot (they charge you $12 through room service if you want one...$12!!!) and no microwave. If you want a cot, they charge you $33/night. -__- . . When we asked for our rooms to be cleaned, they never came. Our sink got clogged, and guest services promised one to be sent over promptly. So we went out, expecting our rooms to be cleaned and sink unclogged. Neither was the case. Someone came 5 hours later to unclog our sink...wow.. . Then we went back to the front desk to ask for a set of extra keys. We were the only people in line but it took a good 10 minutes for someone to acknowledge us. When we neared the desk, a nearby concierge told us to back away because the lady he was helping was taking out her credit card (understandable). Then I heard him chuckle to her, "they were standing just a little too close! Can't be standing that close!" Yes, because the first thing on our minds is identity theft.. . If it weren't for the cheap rates that particular weekend, I would have been far more unhappier. Although my main purpose in Vegas is not chillin' in my room, I expected better from an establishment that supposedly boasts hospitality.
Stayed here 3/6/12-3/8/12. . Got the room comped, 1st time staying here. NASCAR was in town this Sunday and it was a long line to check in.  I say roughly 40-50 people in line and about 5-7 people working the front desk.  Our room was at the Habitat Tower so it was a long ways to get to.  Rooms were decent but the beds were not "Queen" sized.  More like Full.  Dont think we stayed in an updated room.  The good things are that it was smack in the middle of the strip.  Walking distance to everything.  And at time of check out they have kiosks for express check out on the right.  I think it was a manager who helped me check out.  Very patient white man, being I never tried the kiosk check out.  I like more of the piece and quiet type of place so definetely not staying here next time.  I will for sure stay at my Time Share at the Cancun Resort South of the strip.  Very peaceful and super friendly staff.  If you are the party type I would recommend this place.
Cheap rooms and gross. Really smoky and paper thin walls. Price is good, but didn't make for a good Vegas experience. Considering how cheap the other hotels are I'd stay at another place.
This hotel needs major updating and improvements.  They said that they redid the rooms from the Safari rooms to the FAB Deluxe, but the only things changed were a chair,  tv and  bedding. Definitely did not match the picture on the internet.  Also the carpet in the halls were so bad that they were bunching up and causing people to trip. The good thing about this hotel is that it is centrally located on the strip and was clean enough for these reasons I would stay there again, unless I could find another hotel centrally located with a comparable price.  The Bellagio and Ceasar's is just to expensive.
If you want a decent room close to the other major casinos on The Strip, the Flamingo is for you. Stayed 2 nights May 14-16 comped. The check-in line was really long for 10:30 am. We stood in line for a minute before I saw they TR line (they have a man standing next to the line telling people they could check out using the kiosk, but for some reason he never mentioned the TR line).  We were able to check-in in the empty Total Rewards line (thank goodness). . . Room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The garden area is really nice to sit in and have a drink. The food options are kind of slip. They do have a over priced food court (I guess its not that over priced for Vegas), buffet, and a few other restaurants. . . Also, the cellphone reception is HORRIBLE!!!!!!  I could not make any calls in my room. . . Not my favorite hotel out of all the Caesars hotels though. I doubt I would stay there again if I have other rooms comped. There was just something I didn't like about it. But, if you want a reasonably priced room its a good hotel.. . Tip:. . If you are a Total Rewards member you don't have to wait in the regular check-in line. There is a separate line for TR right next to the check-in. Also, there are kiosk set up for check-in/check-out.
Stayed at the Flamingo Hotel over the Memorial Day weekend, Sunday and Monday was okay.  6:30 am of Tuesday we were awaken by sound of jackhammers!!! There is a construction site next to the hotel. And the best part is at 9:00 am, no water!!! There was a water issue in most of the towers at the hotel and they are looking at it getting fixed in 3 hours. The front desk advised us to take a shower at the fitness center but there they run out of hot water. Continued on with our check out at 11 am. We will never stay at the Flamingo Hotel ever again.
Great rooms, great friendly dealers, HOWEVER, when I come to Vegas and spend thousands I expect at least a free show or a meal. For some reason HARRAHS PROPERTIES are extremely stingy and greedy with comps. I went to the show I begged for tickets to and it was about 30% full!!!! They would rather have a half empty showroom than to make a customer happy with a couple of show tickets that cost them absolutely nothing!!! I'll take a downtown or local casino from now on!!!! They know how to treat a customer.
I was really disappointed with my visit at the Flamingo. This was the second time I came since my sister was married at the hotel a few years ago, and since that was a good experience, we decided to come back. Now I can say, I will NEVER go back.. . We upgraded our rooms to a "suite"...and when we got to the room, it was no better than an old standard room with wood headboards...old paint...dirty mirrors. NOTHING SPECIAL TO IT AT ALL! The only reason they called it a suite was because it had wood floors that extended farther from the beds to the window and it was nothing but empty space. We complained... and we got switched to a GO room which they originally told us they didn't have.. . We misplaced a cell phone from the previous room we were upgraded to and we were told security would get us from our new room to retrieve it from the old one...security never came. We had to go to lost and found and the guy working was a complete asshole and made us feel like were were an inconvenience as he had to get up from his chair.. . During the cleaning of our room, the maids took some of our belongings. We called and complained and since one of our items was white, they told us were were Sh*t out of luck and we won't get it back while they laughed at us. . . Also, the pool was closed early (we tried to go at around 6 and 7)...ITS 100 degrees outside during summer and the pool is closed? WTF?. . The manager was no help whatsoever and didn't care that he lost our business. I will not be back. I would rather spend the extra money to go to a better hotel that provides better customer service. . . PS...YELP THE RESTAURANTS AT THE FLAMINGO BEFORE YOU GO! (Paris hotel has the best breakfast!)
We were supposed to arrive Friday, but wanted to see if we could come a day early to enjoy a full day by pool. My wife called the hotel and asked them if we came a day early would we still be able to get the adjoining rooms for our kids. The lady said she had to check, so put my wife on hold for almost 20 minutes to confirm with the front desk that they could accommodate us. She finally came back and said yes.  So we left California and headed out.  When we arrived, at check-in, the lady said that they don't have any adjoining rooms at all.  We told them about our call and even the person we spoke to, but to no avail. We asked to see the Manager, George.  When he came over we explained the whole story and he was unsympathetic and inflexible. We have 3 daughter that would have to stay in their own room separate from us all under 15 yrs. old.  He didn't offer us anything as compensation for their error until we argued and said isn't there anything you can do?  He reluctantly gave us $20 off ea. room. They ended up giving us a room for us and a room for our kids (a mini suite) on the same floor. When we went up to the rooms, our room was decent, but the girls room was over 50 suites away down at the far end of the corridor. When we got there, the mini suite had stained carpet, and looked dingy and my kids were scared to be so far away from us, which I don't blame them. We proceeded to take them to our room and had to fit all 5 of us into our room for the night, with a roll-a-way.  We called down to the front desk to tell them that the room for the kids was unacceptable and the same manager said that we already paid so nothing he could do.  My wife started explaining how unfair and unreasonable they were being and he finally came around and said that they would credit us for the room we never used and told them we wouldn't use only fifteen minutes after they gave it to us. They next day we switched rooms to 2 adjoining rooms and the accommodations were fair. We enjoyed our trip despite the problems. There were several employees that were very nice and helpful, but that first night was a nightmare.
Go to the Flamingo if you need a cheap room in a good location...because really...who spends time in their room in Vegas?!  Got a FAB double queen.  Room wasn't ready at 10:30 pm the night we checked in so they stuck us in a FAB king with a nasty bathroom about two miles from the elevator.  Got into our real room the next morning, right off the elevator.  The pool rocked, though...one of the top 10 pools in Vegas for good reasons...be sure to check it out.  Probably won't stay here again.
We stayed at a Fab Luxury room. It was neither!! I was not impressed. The bathroom looks old and not very well kept (mildew in the caulking). The furniture is old fashion and banged up. Plus an ugly furry throw on the bed. Only stayed here cause we got comped.
Check in was crazy. A single line through the ropes of about 60 people. Luckily, my wife spotted a kiosk for computerized check in. No line, quick & simple. 3 choices of rooms. We took higher for better view. Got better view of construction & top of Imperial Palace. Want coffee? Mrs. Fields has it & a 15 minute line with a single employee. . Room needs to be remodeled. The pink/grey fur at the foot of the bed could have been leftovers from a cousins van, circa 1979. Spotty electrical in the room is making recharging of electronics difficult. Tough to take pictures with dead batteries. . The adult pool was nice. Cool water & lots of hormones. It made for an amusing afternoon for these 40 somethings. The booty shaking contest was the highlight. . Having stayed at The Mirage, Luxor, et al. I won't be back.
Everyone knows the history of Vegas and should know that the Flamingo Hotel was the first hotel operated by Benjamin (Bugsy) Siegel but alas people think this is the original Flamingo but NO it's not! The original Flamingo was demolished around the 70's to make way for bigger up to date resorts just like they are doing currently.  . . I picked the Flamingo because we got a comp room for a Go Room Deluxe Strip View room over the weekend (which can be very pricey) and thought it would be a great deal since it's free on the weekend, recently renovated and right smack on the central strip.  We were transferring from Bellagio after staying 2 nights and stayed 2 more nights at the Flamingo and there is comparison between the 2 resorts other then the location. Valet parking was horrible as the line to valet was long until the attendant came and told us the parking garage was full and we had to leave our car outside for it to be parked. We needed the bell guy to take our bags from our car and when he arrived and waited around 20 minutes for him to arrive and when he arrived he picked up the bags and put his hand out and and wanted a tip right away and I thought that pissed me off but I didn't to make a scene so I tipped him a $1. . . Going to the check in area was a bit of a stretch from the the valet area, you'd have to take the escalator up to the lobby area and walk across the mall area and a few restaurants to get to the front desk where you are greeted with a long line. Also the some of the Flamingo Hotel employees were doing some dance around the lobby area, probably for some employee appreciation thing which I find odd since I never seen that before. The ventilation is a bit smokey and you can also smell a scent they pump in the air like a tropical or coconut smell probably to help clear out the smoke smell. Elevator area was very outdated and very retro 70's like and needed a massive overhaul, the hallway up to the room was very clean in our tower with the pink and white color tones that blends in the the renovated go tower. Not all the towers were renovated as you can tell when walking from one tower to another the hall goes from clean and vibrant to just filthy, old and smokey. . . Our Go Deluxe Room very nice and clean and appreciated the fridge and complimentary coffee maker and 2 coffee packets. The TV was a flat screen but the remove didn't work and so I called housekeeping and found out the batteries were dead but were replaced right away. The beds were very soft but what bothered was the no wifi in the room so I can check for any important email on my phone and check the news on my smart phone. But I'd have to pay $30 for 6 hours  only for the hotel part and if I wanted to use it throughout the Flamingo property, I would have to pay more I thought was a total rip off. The bathroom was pretty nice but needed some maintenance with the bathroom door not closing all the way and the shower jets on the wall was a nice touch but it would leave the bathroom partially flooded. I liked the small TV built inside the bathroom mirror but I hardly used it but the AC was very strong in the room ad felt like an ice chest, the view of the strip was a nice touch with the Bellagio fountains in the left side of the window and Caesars in the front but at night you can hear the music from Pure nightclub with the thumb thump sound which didn't annoy me a lot and it did stop around 4 am when I would be getting ready for bed. =P.  . After coming from the Bellagio pool, I didn't expect a lot from the Flamingo pool are other then the pictures I've seen on the website but average and not too classy but was very disappointed. The music was very loud with beer bottles all around the pool and trash floating on the water takes away the ambiance and the crowd was full of undesirables but had some eye candy and that helped out, not too much. The security guards at the entrance felt like I was going through a TSA checkpoint in Los Angeles and asked me to open my bag and checked my ID if I was over 21 so I can stay with in GO pool area. Sadly I always look forward to staying in the pools in Vegas especially in the 100+ heat but I only stayed for less then an hour and decided to just walk to the strip to shrug off this horrible pool experience. . . Customer service and restaurants were average and the casino needed a major overhaul, they did have a food court in the lobby but it wasn't worth the money spent. . . I gave the Flamingo 2 stars for the location and 1 star for the comped renovated room. . . Would I stay here again?. . Maybe if it was free but I'd rather pay more for a more upscale hotel.
The remodel looks nice, however eventhough it was 80 degrees out they still shut down the other pools and when my mom put her feet in the one functioning pool the life guard came up to her and said "I don't think you want to do that...someone just threw up in the same area"  After that we just decided to go back to the room...so gross! and the fact that they didn't try to clean up the pieces of throw up floating in the pool is even nastier...
This place is starting to show it's age.  The casino and lobby/registration areas are in dire need of a make over.  The rooms have recently been upgraded and I'm not a fan.  The pepto-bismol pink in the bathroom almost burned out my retinas.  And the frosted sliding glass door on the bathroom?  Bad idea. If you have to go to the restroom in the middle of the night, that light is going to seep into the sleeping area and not be very diffused.. . The location on the strip is great though.  It's easily within walking distance to just about everywhere.
We specifically searched for Las Vegas hotels based upon their pool facilities.  We found a site which listed the Top Ten Vegas Hotel Pools, and the Flamingo got the #2 spot.  So, we plunked down the bigger bucks for rooms in this hotel.. . Pool experience....bunk.  . . Strike one: the hot tubs and adult areas are segregated from the family friendly areas.  Which means that if you are a family or a group with families and childless couples, you may have to choose between being able to let the kids have fun or let the adults have fun.. . Strike two:  Closed for "wind".  Sure it was a bit windy and cool, but when better to enjoy a cocktail in a hottub.. . Strike three: some kid threw up in the water slide area so they CLOSED THE ENTIRE pool complex for the rest of the day!  . . Basically, after spending hundreds of dollars to stay at the #2 pool in Vegas ended up being reduced to 1 hour of pool time for the entire 4 night stay.  Big disappointment.
We stayed here October 20th & 21st, 2012.   The Cons: The Hotel is worn down, rooms have been upgraded, but poorly.  The floors are the plastic wood and the TV's are small 32' flat screens.   The carpet in the hallways are so old they are buckling up.  Yes, in Vegas, the rooms are mainly for sleeping, but a decent room always makes the stay all that much nicer.  The air is stale and rooms have low ceilings which I can touch and I am only 5'3".   We used to stay here regularly in the mid to late 90's, but the Hotel has definitely gone down.  Sunday night the electricity went completely out in the north wing -all 28 floors!  The elevators worked, but no water on the upper floors.  Electricity was out for about 3-4 hours, but was restored by 11:00pm.  . The Pros:  The Lobby is still presentable and their pools are still nice. Lots of plants, birds, waterfalls, picture spots.   Self-check in is a plus.   Carlos and Charlies is an ok close place for drinks and decent meal.   Margaritaville is conveniently located for a nearby drink hangout.  Conveniently located in the middle of the strip.  Don't think we'll stay here again anytime soon.   . The Recession shows on this hotel and per the reviews, it seems like other Hotels are in disrepair.  . Sad.
I swear, we have the WORST luck with rooms in Vegas! haha. So we drove from San Diego on a Friday night, took 7 hours. FINALLY got to the hotel, went to valet, they were closed, "Full", at 9pm. We went to the parking garage. Not one spot open, except on the roof. We parked, unloaded all of our stuff, go to the elevator, it doesn't go up to the roof. We had to lug our stuff down a flight of stairs and get the elevator there. Make the hike to the registration, wait in line and then finally we get to someone. Very nice guy, spoke very quiet though. He tells us "Ok, we got you all ready and set up for a suite at the Imperial Palace" I interrupt him and say "Nope. Not happening. I prepaid for my room, so I just get top priority over people that didn't. Second, I called on my way IN to Vegas to see about an upgrade, none of this 'We're overbooked and have to move you' conversation happened. We drove 7 hours, we're not going and lugging everything back UP and driving again. We're not staying at Imperial Palace, I could've for cheaper but there's a reason I booked with you, that place is a s**t hole. You need to figure this out" He goes to a manager, gets on the phone, comes back "OK, we have you with a suite here anyways. It's large, you don't have to worry about checking out on time, you can leave whenever you want." We get up to the room, 24th floor out of 27, pretty great. The room is HUGE, which is great because we got the room to celebrate my sister's birthday so we had our "party" (7 people total) at the room. It was by no means upgraded. No hardwood floors, the bathrooms were disgusting and falling apart, my husband actually called it the 80's cocaine room.  It did have a big screen tv in the living room, a huge projection tv hahaha. You can probably picture it now. It was nice because it was large and we all had plenty of room, but I now know why we didn't have to worry about checking out early, the room is a room they are not even selling. Totally bare and gross. . . We will not be staying at this hotel. Even though the situation was fixed, I can't imagine going through that again. It was so horrible, and I really really wanted to stay in the newly upgraded rooms.
Just as I was planning to give this hotel a stellar review, they up and turn off the water in the entire building from 10pm to 5pm without warning! This would have been fine if I was somewhere else but I was on vacation and this was a major inconvenience.  I honestly would have been more forgiving if I had been warned. When I called customer service, they were anything but helpful. I got no explanation about why they turned off the water and he acted as if it was no big deal that the water was turned off. Bottled water wasn't going to allow me to shower that night. It was also a struggle to take of my contacts, wash my makeup off, and brush my teeth. In addition, going to the bathroom was also an issue. . . Otherwise...our room on the 27th floor had a great view. The Fab room we got was really nice, big and clean. There was no "do not disturb" sign so we had to go ask for it ourselves. The Flamingo is right in the middle of the strip, making it easy for us to walk to explore the entire strip. Parking was also free. I really appreciated the hotel but my experience with the water and the unprofessionalism just left a bad taste in my mouth.
The first day we were there, the down elevator from the garage walkway to the casino didn't work.  On the day we left, the up elevator from the casino to the garage walkway didn't work.  The room itself was very clean, but the decor was....  Let me just describe it.  The color theme of the room is white.  There is a vinyl headboard which covers the entire part of the wall behind the bed...what era is that??  There are 9 round fluorescent bulbs above the bed which generates white light...from the 80's??  The bathroom has a frosted sliding door that has no lock.  Another wall of the bathroom next to the shower is also frosted glass.  This glass wall is mounted to the wall (of course) with a gap between the wall and the glass, so you can actually look inside and see the entire toilet from that gap.  The sink is a small round bowl sink on top of the counter which has no place to place the soap.  There is a TV inside the bathroom though.  The drapes are controlled by switches next to the bed.  Overall, we didn't like the room because it was weird.
Stayed here the weekend before Christmas.  Yes, the room rate was reasonable, however, after driving from LA, the valet parking and self parking on the Flamingo property was full.  I assume this situation is temporary because there is some ongoing construction, but as a hotel guest, the minimum one can expect is to find parking on the property that you're staying at.  The valet attendant indicated that valet was still open to Diamond members only had to go around the strip and self-parked at Cesar's Palace, not fun after a long drive late at night and had to carry luggage from Cesar's to Flamingo.  Some travel forums indicate that if you tell valet that you are a guest of the hotel, they would take your car, but the valet attendant we interacted with made no such indication.    . . The room renovations are very nice, however, the walls seem thin because we could still hear the neighboring room and the heating/cooling system was loud.  Luckily in Vegas, we didn't spend much time in the room.  Kudos to the housekeeping staff though, the rooms were always clean upon check in and daily housekeeping service.
Do not be lured in to this hotel by its cheap rates and "newly remodeled" room pictures!!  . . Maybe some people will call me a hotel snob after reading my review. But when I spend money for a good night of sleep, I want to enjoy my sleep and not worry.. Perhaps I stayed at the 5 stars hotel more then the regular 3 stars one in Vegas, but even a nice motel is better then staying here.. . 2 1/2 stars for the room itself. Minus 1/2 stars for the disgusting, dirty parking structure and it's hallway to the casino. It's filthy and smelly. The Valet parking is totally on the other side of the building away from the casino and the hotel lobby! Kind of a long walk if you're carrying all those luggage.. . I hate jumping from hotel to hotel, but since we wanted to extend our stay in Vegas and wanted a more convenient location on the strip, we searched the Internet and thought we got this great deal for a newly remodeled room.. . THE ROOMS: . It's like taking a 1980's hotel room and "renovating" it by cover ups. The rooms are repainted and floors were redone, and new beds. That's only the best part.. They have new vinyl wooden floor, no carpet except a small rug in the walk way. (Which is a good things so it doesn't stink from the 30 year old carpet.. lol). The furniture as of the table, night light table, and TV stand are all kind of banged up and so ready for a face lift!. . The roomitself is OK., but the tiny bathroom is where I draw the line. The door hinges and side panels were all old and rusty. They're mildew stain on the corners and white tiles inside the bath tub. It's clean but it's old and it's falling apart. The bathroom floor tiles were black and dingy, guess when they replaced the room's floor, they couldn't budget another 60 square feet of flooring in for bathroom, instead they rather gross out their guests.  They have nearly to none amenities. No slippers, not even coffee maker. Even the Motel 8 down the street has a coffee maker. They have an old wall burnt out hair dryer. I wouldn't risk it, because it looks like it's ready electrocute you when you turn it on.. . If they did a remodeled, why didn't they just rip everything apart and replace it back with a everything new, this way, it really looks like they took the easy way out. Cover the stain up but not cleaning it out!! Although it may not be that bad, but thought of it, is kind of disgusting. There is no fan blower in the small tiny bathroom. So if any one have to go #2, make sure you buy a room spray for the bathroom. Without the bathroom fan, even when I take a shower, I have to leave the door with an open airway, or else I would suffocate in the hot steam.. . The air conditioning is hell LOUD! If you're a light sleeper, make sure it's off! . We were in room 7084 and 7086 with a connecting door with old rusted door knob and chain. We had a great view of the strip right in front of the Caesar Palace fountain... It would have been so much prettier if the windows were clean. It was so disgusting and barely can see through the windows for the view.. . Would I stay here again?.. probably not unless I was desperate.. The parking structure and valet is very inconvenience. It's only idealistic to stay here if you go out walking from casino to casino. But we don't. We just drive around and when we get back to the Flamingo, we just stay at the hotel/ casino.
Their slogan is the strip was build around the Flamingo. Yes, it's that old.. . My first room was supposed to be a non-smoking room but the smoke smell was sooo strong I couldn't sleep during the night and woke up with a bloody nose. There was a burnt out light bulb in the bathroom, and a rubber band was hanging from one of the bathroom light fixtures. Didn't the housekeeping staff see that?. . I changed rooms, and the second room had been renovated more recently than the first. It was better, but there was no ice bucket. They didn't put one in until I left a note requesting one.. . The bed was comfortable and the second room was clean. It was no showplace, but at least I could sleep through the night.. . The elevators in the self parking garage were pretty scary - one creaked loudly, and the other one broke while I was in it.. . I wouldn't select this hotel on my own - I was there for meetings and the group rate was good. Otherwise I would have stayed somewhere else.
We stayed in this hotel last October and was not impressed. Upon checking in, we waited over 30 minutes, which is the Vegas standard and expected. Once we received the key we made it up to the room to find the room number on the door broken and the number was drawn in with a sharpee. Needless to say it was very tacky. . . Then, the keycard didn't work and we had to go down to the lobby, wait in line again to get a new card. This happened THREE TIMES. The woman at the desk was not apologetic and didn't offer any compensation for the inconvenience. Being in the customer service business I don't think this is acceptable for a hotel and more should have been done for the customer. . . The bathroom was dirty and the upgraded "Deluxe Room" that we reserved was the overall feel of the room was dirty, the Ipod player didn't work and the blinds were ripped.
The ONLY reason this place got two stars was because of LOCATION. Location, location, location. That and the rooms aren't THAT bad once you actually get through the casino but oh my WORD. The entire place smells like old people and rotten eggs and farts. It's truly horrific. The other downside is that there aren't that many options to eat, they're pretty pathetic and the other flamingo area is lame. Again, LOCATION. It's smack in the center of the strip so it's pretty close to everything.
Well, let's start with the good. Location. The Flamingo is dead set in the middle of the strip and the rates were super cheap. 2 stars, 1 for each good point.. . The rest... the casino's ventilation system is in need of a major overhaul. The cigarette smoke saturated the casino to the point where I could not keep my eyes open. The walk to the room via the elevators was gross. The elevators were dated, worn and the floor lights did not work. The carpets were dirty and the ice maker on our floor was broken. It's an older casino, so not a big deal.. . The rooms were what was expected for the price we paid and I was going to give the Flamingo 3 stars, but.... . On the way out of the room, we saw a bed bug. This is my first experience with a bed bug and who knew they were so fast! We stepped on it and looked it up to confirm. Yep, bed bug. We sawnone in our room, but we thought we would still let the front desk know. The woman behind the front desk responded with a synopsis of what a bed bug was and its traits. Thanks, Wiki, but maybe you needed to be more concerned with this guest's experience. She then proceeded to tell me they were nocturnal and implied I was making it up by stating the time of day. The hallways are always dark, you boob, and bed bugs don't wear watches. I wasn't looking for a comp, just someone to acknowledge and do something about the guests if it became an issue.. . This lack of customer service dropped my rating from a 3 to a 2 star.
The pros on this hotel are the location and the rates.  The rooms are decent, but everything else about the property is pretty bad.. . They'd have to knock down the hotel to get the smell of smoke out of the walls and hallway carpets.  If you've ever been in the home of an old relative who has chain-smoked for 50 years, you know what that baked in smell is like.  It's never coming out.. . The beds were so fluffy and pillows so thin that my neck and back were sore all day after a restless sleep.. . The room floors are composite tile that is made to look like hardwood.  Cheap and tacky.  The furniture was all beat up.. . The water never got hot in the shower; it was just north of lukewarm.. . Finally, they put some awful pink shag throw on the beds that looks like a cross between grandma's bathroom mat and Cyndi Lauper's muff.
Arrived around 2 AM. on Saturday morning.  Washed up and went down stairs to check things out.  Started to play some machines for about 20 minutes and noticed there were no cocktail waitresses.  OK... so i went to the bar and ordered two drinks, belvedere sprite and Bombay Sapphire with tonic.  It was about $21.00. The drinks were very watered down and my girlfriend didn't even finish hers.  Ended up going to the little market inside the hotel and making our own drinks. Buffet was very generic. Not coming back.
I am starting this review of the Flamingo with an apology to MGM Resorts International:. . I  am sorry I cheated on you with The Flamingo! I let their cheap rates sway me from your wonderful hospitality! . . With that said...on to the review!. . I stayed at The Flamingo over Christmas and have never been so disappointed with  a stay in Las Vegas. It started at Check In and never got better. I gave the clerk my Credit Card and she said it was declined. I knew there was a problem because I always check my balances before trips and this card was at Zero. I gave her my Debit Card instead and proceeded to check in. I think one of the reasons we had trouble was that the clerk was extremely reluctant to talk to me. She kept talking to my girlfriend even though the room was in my name and I was paying for the room. It was so obvious that Diane actually walked away at one point.  When we got upstairs I called my Credit Card and was told that the first charge was accepted, but when they received 3 more requests in 2 minutes they declined all the charges. So back down to the front desk to straighten things out, which we eventually did with a different Staff Member.. . The next day we tried  to go to the parking structure but the elevator was out of order. When we tried to find out what we should do, no one who worked there would or could help us. One front desk employee actually suggested I take the escalator! Totally wrong advice to give someone who uses a wheelchair. What if someone followed that crazy advice and got hurt? Eventually, I did get an answer, but not from a Flamingo employee. A salesperson from the Jewelry Shop near the elevator showed me a path through the wildlife habitat that led to the valet parking area where my girlfriend could just pick me up. I have no idea why the hotel staff wouldn't know about this option.. . The next night things went from bad to worse. We got back to our room at 12:30 am. Not late by Vegas time at all. We turned on the TV and were talking about our day when someone started banging on our door. My Girlfriend went to see who it was. They said it was security and that we had to open the door because they had a noise complaint.  We told them it couldn't be us because we just got there. They were insistent, but we continued to say no because we knew we had done nothing wrong. Eventually, they left threatening us with, "You better keep it down or we will be back." We did verify that they were Hotel Security through the peephole, so we knew it wasn't just some punks trying to pull something. I have traveled quite extensively and stayed at many hotels in Las Vegas alone and never heard of simple noise complaint being handled like this. A simple phone call would've been enough.. . The next morning, we went to talk with the hotel manager with our laundry list of concerns. She apologized and gave us $30 Food and Beverage Credit for our trouble. The weirdest thing was when she told us that Security probably went to the wrong room and that it happens a lot. Really? What if something really bad was going on at the room they were supposed to be at?. . If I could split up my review I would give The Casino area 4 Stars because The Staff is always nice and accommodating. I am also quite lucky there including this trip ;) ! Zero Stars for the hotel + 4 Stars  for the Casino = 2 Star Average.  I used to say that I stay where I can get the best deal and play where I want. The Flamingo has convinced me to change that philosophy. I don't think the best deal in the world could convince me to stay there again!
Have stayed here many times before with no problems.I just erased a long complaint. Basically the beds are horrible and the remodeling is funny too put it lightly.Wanted too leave after the first night but couldn't.We got sent by flamingo too an outside booking agency when booking the room so it was a hassle to leave.Thanks flamingo for ruining our much needed vegas trip.
My husband and I decided to hit up Las Vegas for our 10 year anniversary. We found a great deal online for the Flamingo and we decided to try it despite the reviews. Our flight got delayed by 4 hours and when we arrived it was pretty late but the line was still pretty long. We asked the reservation agent helping us about an upgrade and she was very nice and helpful about it. She was able to get us a mini suite for 1/2 the price because it was one of the rooms that had not been remodeled yet and in a pet OK floor. Upon entering, our room was nice, very outdated but nice. It had a living room, shower & tub, a nice view of the pool area, mini fridge, coffee pot, and a king size bed. However, the slide door to the bathroom was broken leaving no privacy when needed and the dressers provided were also broken. It was almost near impossible to find the light switches, ours was tiny button by the bed,and to top it off the light was super dim. Our tiny room at the MGM west wing was way better than this and way cheaper. Not to mention that the no free wifi was a big turn off. The staff we encountered was nice but not nice enough to make me want to come back. . . During our stay we also decided to get our pictures taken to celebrate the occasion. I was in a rush and decided to go to the Alexandra Noel Salon in the hotel. In Chicago a blowout runs me about $40-$65 depending on the location. This place charged me $95 and that's because they gave me a "deal." I also needed makeup and no time for MAC so i got it done here too. The lady was really nice but tried to make me look like Snooki after I told her I prefered a more natural look. I had to ask her to remove the eyeshadow she had applied up to my eyebrows and all the bronzer she put on my cheeks, I'm a plus size gal and she made me look like I had defined cheek bones. . . At the end it all worked out but I definitely will not stay here again.
I saw a lot of negative reviews for here. However we had a relatively good experience aside from one major problem.... . This hotel has a serious parking issue. As a paying guest of the hotel staying for a weekend, those guests physically staying at the casino should ALWAYS be able to either valet or have a spot to park their car in the parking lot.. . We came as a family for Monster Jam finals and the entire weekend we were unable to park I. Their parking lot and the valet parking people told us they were full and we would have to park at another casino and walk over.. . This is simply unacceptable, ridiculous, and horrible horrible customer service to paying patrons of the establishment.. . When calling to discuss this issue, no one seemed to care and the valet people pretty much gave us the finger in front of our kids telling us its not their problem.. . We loved our room and hotel but I don't think I could ever go back here after the parking. I felt lime we wasted our money on this hotel as we spent much of our family time have to hike from hotel to hotel with our kids just to get to our room.. . Also, I've never seen such rude and disrespectful security at a pool... When is it ever ok to yell out "hey white girl bring yo towel back!" And the I proceeded to hear the same security guard complain about all the white girls at the pool.... . Racist beyond words..... . . Will not be returning to such an awful customer services....
The prive si good but too much hustle!. Not enough parking space neither for valet parking nor self parking.. Even though the lines are full they only have 3 people for check in/out!. I spent 1:35 mins in parking and checking in.. What a waist of time.
Recently stayed at the Flamingo. It was a very mixed experience.. Dislikes:. Because parking spaces were reserved for the Valet service, the Hilton, and Hertz, it was very hard to find a parking place in the ramp.. The check-in process was very slow. I've never waited that long to check in.. . Likes:. We thought the buffet was very good.. Our room was clean.. The location was great: middle of the strip.
I had one night in Vegas and I chose this place for cost and for basic necessities. I paid around $35, but for whatever reason they gave me a suite instead. Pretty cool.. . Although it was a suite, it wasn't as nice as what I'm used to; chipped paint, semi-stained carpet, old sheets, and the overall feel had a dingy taste to it.. . But at the $35 for a suite, I was pretty much satisfied overall. Sure it had that old feeling, but it was sanitary and clean, and I'm good with that.. . I was a bit disappointed that their gym was closed early so I couldn't do my workout. I like their convenient $7 shuttle to and from the airport.
Third visit to the Flamingo,first two were wonderful. Desk staff on last visit was a nightmare, Casandra seemed to take pride in her rude ,bulling attitude. I don't know if she treat all seniors this way, but we insulted. For some reason she thinks if your hair is grey it is ok to treat us as  second class persons, who's credit card she controls.. . Flamingo shame on you, your front house staff is the worst I have ever had to deal with.
Room was OK...don't touch that weird fuzzy pink throw. Bathroom was in desperate need of a renovation or at least a good scrub. Service was good...honestly didn't interact with the staff during my stay besides checking in.
This is my first night here... . . Room is not as bad as i thought it would be. The service is slow but gets done. . . I was gambling at the blackjack tables and the dealers were nice. . . This is the only con i encountered but needs to be addressed. . . I ordered Johnnie walker black and the lady brought me something else.  I asked it to be changed nicely and was brought back the same exact drink and she said she said she saw the tender pour the correct drink.. . Now... im not a fool and i have been drinking the same drink for 5+ years.  I was thoroughly dissapointed when i asked the drink to be changed and was brought back the same exact one i was given,  the one i gave back to her. This is one of the lowest customer service experiences ive encountered for a while.  Shame on you flamingo employee for having such lousy service.
Our experience at the Flamingo was not a good as I had hoped it would be and I am not quick to recommend it based on accommodations or the helpfulness of the staff. The rooms are large (we stayed in a Mini GO Suite) but the TVs were so annoying because the one remote that operated both rarely operated the one TV you were attempting to operate as it would also operate the other. If you weren't careful you would end up turning both at the same time and the tv closest to the bed was programmed to turn on at a very loud volume, it was deafening and irritating. Even more annoying was the VERY limited availability of mirrors in the room. Never before have I appreciated access to a mirror while getting dressed. But considering that this was my wedding, I wanted AND NEEDED to see myself in my dress. The one and only full size mirror in the whole room was in the narrow entryway. The only way to see yourself was to stand right up against the mirror in the narrow 3 ft hallway. I got so claustrophobic in that small area and it was practically impossible when I had on my wedding dress. Besides, it was pointless because there was limited lighting and because I had to stand so close to the mirror that I couldn't get a good look, that is, if I was able to see through the fog that appeared on the mirror from breathing within the close proximity. The lack of mirror access would be annoying in general, but for dressing for my wedding, I would have stayed somewhere else had I known in advance. After many calls to the front desk and several broken promises by the Flamingo staff to return our calls, a full-size mirror was eventually brought to our room. They made it very clear that we could only have the mirror in our room temporarily and that they'd be back to pick it up later that afternoon. Wow, they sure know how to make a girl feel special on her wedding day.... And sure enough, they quickly retrieved the mirror as they were concerned that it posed a liability since it was not secured and just leaning on the wall. I am pretty sure that they only brought it up because they picked up on the possible liability [to them and/or the room] I was on the verge of becoming if I did not get a mirror. I was close to becoming full blown bridezilla and pull the hall mirror off the wall and move it to area of the room where I could actually use it. I wanted a mirror and I was not going to give up. And the Flamingo staff sure made it hard to get it done. Everyone was quick to supply "congratulations" in an area where weddings occur on a daily basis, but I was surprised that the Flamingo did absolutely nothing for us on our wedding day. The fact that we were getting married on-site was noted at the time of booking and we used their outside chapel for the ceremony. There was no card or small amenity to welcome, congratulate, or anything to remotely make us feel special or to show appreciation for choosing them for our special day. What we did get from the Flamingo staff was the runaround and utter frustration from having to work so hard just to get a mirror.
It's ok.  Not the best, not the worst.  We stayed here on a trip where we got a decent deal, however, we were in an older room.  Make sure you get a room in the renovated part of the hotel.  They will try to upcharge you when you get there, if you want to check in early or be above the 4th floor.  The room was clean and the bathroom servicable.  However, at night, it was ridiculously loud.  It has been the only time in a Vegas hotel where the noise outside of the hotel was so loud it prevented me from sleeping.  Margaritaville is downstairs and there are some cheap eats to be had here.  IF you get a cheap enough price it's ok for a night or two, but unless you're 21, don't go here on your first trip to Vegas.  If you're looking for a place to actually SLEEP, look at other cheap properties.
Yes, the Flamingo is in a great location.  However, the rooms, especially the furniture are OLD.  It really needs remodeling.  People were friendly.  However, the restaurants are poor.  We ate next door at the Paris twice during our stay and only ate breakfast (coffee and muffin) at the Flamingo.  No, I wouldn't stay there again.  When, I'm on vacation, I'd rather have a cleaner and nicer hotel.
We got a newly renovated room, I mean broom closet. There was seriously a foot around the bed to walk. That's it. In the bathroom, the dust hanging off the vent looked like a scary horror movie. . In the 18 hours we spent at the Flamingo, a neighboring room's room service tray of used dishes never moved or was picked up. Gross. . I've stayed at the Flamingo quite a few times and this last visit makes me never want to return.
I have stayed and the Flamingo a few times, including for a week while on my honeymoon.  I used to think it was one of the best values in town, but they are slipping.. . On the plus side, the location is awesome.  Since it was the first hotel on the strip, everything was built around it.  Its central to everything and being close the the Bellagio and Caesars allows you to take advantage of their much nicer resorts without paying to stay their.  The history of the hotel is interesting as well if you can find a tour guide or employee to tell you about it.. . That's where it stops.  Harrahs casinos are no longer resort fee free.  They used to campaign against resort fees, but now they are worse that the competition.  M-Life still has a few casinos (Luxor and Excalibur) without wifi.  Flamingo has wifi, but charges you PER DEVICE.  The resort fee is supposed to cover the use of resort amenities like the pool, gym, and wifi.  But, its an additional charge ($13.99) if you connect to the wifi with an additional device.. . Flamingo also has a really bad selection of restaurants.  Margaritaville is pretty good, but after that there is nothing worth checking out.  Their show selection is laughable (Donnie and Marie... still) and their gaming areas are subpar.  . . If you are looking for a cheap pool party, Flamingo is a decent choice.  If you aren't a twenty-something looking to get drunk at the pool then you will not enjoy the Flamingo.. . Finally, if you are staying here, do yourself a favor and pay the extra $20 or so to upgrade to a GO Suite.  These are much newer, higher in the tower, have a decent tv and a fridge.  The standard rooms are beat up and dated.  . . Pass on the Flamingo.  Even with the low rates its not worth it.
There are some pro's to this hotel.  The pool is great, the casino seems friendly.  However, the cons for booking a room far outweigh the pro's at this time.. . Right now Bill's Hotel/Casino located next door is undergoing major construction, which is shutting off one of the major parking entrances to the Flamingo making it very, very hard to park.   If you are driving to the hotel, the limited parking is a major red flag.  The entire front of the building feels like walking through a construction site.  Not pretty, not glamorous, not a great vacation destination.  The construction was also a surprise to me; it wasn't mentioned on the website.. . Checking in is long and tedious.  Expect about a half hour waiting time unless you are a special member.. . Some of the rooms are remodeled, some are not.  I was originally assigned an unremodeled room.  The decor was from probably the early 80's, which would be depressing but acceptable if the room hadn't been so dirty and in need of repair.  Thecarpeting was stained, the wallpaper was peeling, the ceiling had plaster falling off from a previous leak. . .  I complained to management and was assigned a new "GO" room.  On the plus side, the room was beautifully designed.  If you plan on staying there, I would definitlely suggest springing extra money for a GO room.   However, even this newly designed room had problems.  My floor-to-ceiling window was cracked - it seriously appeared as if the glass was ready to fall out (apparently double-paned as the glass on the inside was okay so at least I wasn't in danger of falling through or cutting myself).   The Denon stereo system, which looked fantastic, didn't work.  Since the room was a free upgrade from the unacceptably dirty first room, I didn't ask to be moved again.. . The employees were polite, though they seemed understaffed.   It seemed some of the elevators were not working as wait times were unusually long.. . There are so many hotels to choose from in Las Vegas.  I have no plans on going back to the Flamingo until all the rooms are refurbished and the next door hotel is finished being constructed.
Lame and not worth the effort for a few good points.. . I really wanted to like the Flamingo this time.  We've stayed twice before.  First time was great, second meh, but I thought perhaps I'd judged them too harshly.  Nope, they've gone even further downhill.. . The Flamingo is where there is always a hidden joke - and the joke is on you!. . First joke is the check-in.  Who started this racket with the 4PM check-in?  Our previous stays it has been much earlier.  After an hour and fifteen minute wait to check in "early" (at 2PM) we find that they want $28 to check in "early" or, for $30, we can have a room upgrade!  So basically it's a forced room upgrade if you want a decent check-in time.  There were only two people staffing check-in, a decision made by management to short staff the area to save money.. . Next, valet parking.  We stayed two nights and were told, on a MONDAY NIGHT, that the Valet parking was full.  How exactly can valet parking be full on an off night?  Again, I feel this is management's decision, not staff - I am sure they'd much rather be parking people and earning tips.. . Finally, the pool.  The worst joke of all.  We wound up at the Flamingo the first time on a whim seven years ago and loved the pool.  So did my kid, three at the time.  The water slide, in three parts, goes from a big slide up top to two smaller ones below, finally into the big pool which has a waterfall.  Great fun.  We had to show security at the door both previous trips because the pool was correctly deemed to be a big draw.  This time?  The water slide is cut off at the start of the third slide, making a "kiddie" pool above and and "adult" pool below.  The "kiddie" section was lame, lame, lame, and a big disappointment to my child.  No one bothered to ask for our room key because, well, who would want to bother crashing it?  We have a better setup in our small City pool at home.. . My wife went over to the "adult" pool and noticed two spots where people had vomited.  During her short stay there, another person hurled right onto the concrete.  Is this Bugsy Siegel's vision?  Is this the vision of elegance the Flamingo once represented?. . I get that there can be parties or events, but kids not allowed in the main pool at all?  Not even on weekdays?  Instead it has to be reserved for a drunkatorium where people regularly retch?  If the financial geniuses making these decisions are trying to turn a short-term profit, they are surely damaging the long-term brand name of the Flamingo.  That is no way to increase shareholder value, the requirement of every public company.. . And then there was the air conditioning.  It was hot and humid during our stay and the air conditioning was clearly overloaded.  It took hours to cool our room, and in the elevator hallway, a steady drip of water came from the ceiling, at my guess due to overloaded condensers.  . . In our room, the internet was not on.  And we couldn't complain, because the phone wasn't on either!  My wife went down and complained, and after another few minutes we got internet but not phone.  After another trip they sent someone to check the phone - but it wasn't the phone, it was just that the front desk people didn't know how to work the system.  Is that their fault?  I say no, it is management making the decision to short staff the front desk and short train the workers, all in the name of saving a buck.. . It wasn't all bad.  The view of the strip we got was nice.   The buffet, decent value for the fairly high price.   But all in all the management of this hotel sends the message that they don't need your business.  Take them at their word and stay somewhere else.
In the past I have only written reviews to compliment businesses that have done a great job, never to criticize, but I really felt obligated to warn others after our experience. There are much, much better deals in Vegas.  The rooms were dirty and smelled awful the minute we got there; there was actually moldy food left in the drawer of one of  the nightstands.  They  then "forgot" to clean our rooms 2 of the 4 nights we were there.  We were somehow checked in under the wrong name and told we had to stand in line (an hour) to correct it; we were then overcharged for internet and told we had to stand in line again to correct it.  When we called and asked for towels (because they hadn't made up our rooms) it took almost two hours to get them.  The walls were so thin I could hear everything in the next room, including the 24 hour construction going on.  I could go on, but I see many of the other reviews already covered many of the disappointments we also experienced.  We chose the Flamingo for the location and the price, but we were completely disappointed and absolutely didn't get our money's worth.  We will choose another hotel for our next Vegas trip, but its very sad, the Flamingo has the potential and the history to be an icon in Vegas.  They clearly don't care to be though.
Had to make an account just to review this nonsense. Express check in and check out took an easy 40 minutes to get 6 people through. Playing like you don't know there is a mold problem when you have places gated off and hazmat out front. Flooded room and you want to argue about giving me a new one. After asking for a manager we finally got it fixed and comped. The room was beautiful and the pool was awesome, but the really bad first impression left me wondering why I didn't stay somewhere else.
So we have stayed at the Flamingo the past 3 years, the last week of July. This year will be the last. I should have listened to all the other recent reviews. We got the GO room floor 20, it stunk so bad like mold or who knows what, and a bucket sitting in front of the elevator for leaking water from ceiling. We called down to the desk and told them and they moved our room one floor up , with no smell. They charged us 80$ resort fee (they never did that in the past) for wifi etc. Had NO wifi connection the whole time I was there , and needed to check into my flight. Spent another hour at the desk complaining about this. Then the next day we had no air conditioning in our room. Yet more time at the desk trying to resolve another issue. The last thing I want to be doing on my vacation is complaining at the service desk. Oh and don't forget the food court was closed due to the plumbing issues and constructions going on in the casino stunk like sewage from an incident a few weeks ago. They did resolve our issues in a timely manner however , refunded our resort fees, free breakfast etc. Next time Ill be staying at the Hard Rock for the same price.. . What I love about the Flamingo ... . . The pool is always a BLAST !!!. GO rooms are really nice for the price . and you cant beat the Flamingos central strip location!. . They just really need to work on the rest of the property.
Every year we choose a different hotel to stay at during our visit to Vegas, unfortunately we chose Flamingo. We stayed at the Flamingo three nights in august and the hotel gave us one of there remodeled rooms on the 25th floor. Im not going to complain the rooms were very nice (modern) the bathroom was very spacious, but the bathroom door was a sliding door that did not lock so if your sharing a room you have to make sure there is no one in the bathroom. The flamingo pool is ok, they have a pool for kids which has a slide and a pool for 21+ which has a cave (GO Pool) while in the GO pool I saw vomit in the pool and a man hurl while he was walking through which I considered a huge health hazard! The flamingo food court was under remodeling so the only thing open was the cafe which didn't really have much and closed early. My biggest pet peeve with this hotel was the parking!!!! the first two floors are valet parking and the third floor was only for Hertz rental cars, we spent an hour looking for parking till we finally gave up and decided to go to the valet, once were down there's a sign that said valet parking full! How is this possible the Wynn hotel has there own staff parking and yet guests at the flamingo don't have a place to park there car! The parking lot at the flamingo is just disgusting, no parking, the elevator gets stuck at times so you have to carry your heavy luggage down flights of stairs, just terrible! Either they remodel the entire place or tear it down because that kind of hotel does not belongon the strip.
Inadequate parking (not enough space and no elevator to top floor). Room didn't even have an armchair. Ice machine stayed broken four days after reporting it. Elevators strange and irregular (to the point that I expected to get stuck at any time). Noisy. Pizza from the pizza place downstairs had a Bisquik crust and was cold and flavorless--including CANNED mushrooms. Maybe there's something better in the "food court," but that's closed for "sewer repairs."  Because of construction, it took a half hour to find the parking ramp in the first place. Pro tip: the "Flamingo Hilton" is a different hotel--one that actually has checkin-parking in front--unlike the Flamingo.. . By accurate measurement, it was 0.4 mile walking from the parking ramp to my room. . . I've stayed at Caesar's Palace and it really IS a palace compared to the Flamingo.. . Final indignity: took a half hour to CHECK OUT.  The 700 year old clerk (who was on oxygen, probably so customers would feel sorry for her and not spring on her like a panther when she says something sarcastic) told me "you could review your bill and check out on the room TV."  Well, not if I wanted a receipt.  Also, the "express checkout kiosk" suckered me out of line and didn't work, and ten more people were in line ahead of me when I returned.. . Second pro tip:  ALWAYS do valet parking.  There's no charge--just a tip.  It's worth five bucks to not walk through the 110 degree (no, that isn't a typo) ramp.  I've stayed at four places on the strip and the Flamingo is the worst so far.. . Oh yeah, I almost forgot: they want $14/day PER DEVICE for wireless Internet.  Balls.  Lucky they don't have a quarter-a-sheet paper dispenser in the bathroom.
Disappointed.  . . Pros:. -Clean room and bathroom. -Price per night . -Friendly valet staff. . Cons:. -No "do not disturb" signs in room (so maid woke us up every morning). -In room safe broken. -Very uncomfortable pillows. -No mini bar. -No room service after 1am, no 24 hour cafe (only pizza or a burger available after 1 am) . -Dingy carpet in hall.  Smelled of too much Febreeze. -Limited dining options
The interior is very dated.  The check in and check out lines are insanely long. Housekeeping was horrible. When I arrived at the room all the lights were unplugged, I still have no idea why!. . The walls are paper thin, I could hear every word the room made next to me.... until 5:30 am.. . The pools are over crowded and too small.
Pros:. . -price. . -location. . -shorter check-in line for total rewards members. . . Cons:. . -thins walls in room (very very noisy). I could hear the neighbors and their tv, neighbors across hall, and guests walking and talking in hallway. There was also some construction noise or something late in the middle of the night.. . -under construction near by. . -entrance to park was hard to find (took an hour w/ traffic circling the hotel 3 times over). We called the hotel asking for directions and even they didn't know that the small entrance they directed us to was temporarily closed. We had to make another u-turn and the. turn onto a small street. We passed that small street twice and there was no sign or anything to help visitors find the entrance to park at Flamingo.. . -calling guest services took long (had to wait 5 mins before getting in touch with a person) every time we called. . -pool closes too early (6pm)
Terrible experience. First-it took over an hour to check in-so I didn't get in to my room until after 9pm. Then, once finally in my room, I tried to call down for a late check out, and they said they won't confirm or consider the request until 8am on the day of. What's the point at that point?! Then I noticed food crumbs on the alarm clock and a dried up wad of gum on the edge of the nightstand. Then I realized I forgot my toothbrush and toothpaste just as I was ready to go to bed, and they don't offer those-you have to go to the gift shop to buy them. They won't let you even pay for it on the room tab and deliver-it has to be in person! So I had to either change clothes and go down then come back up and put my pj's back on or walk through the smokey and bumpin' casino (which doesn't seem so bad till you're over it and ready forbed) in my pj's just to smell of smoke even more as I'm going to bed. Super irritating! With all this talk about ultimate luxury on their 'hold' music when I called down there, this seems pretty low class to me. Not happy. Disgusting. Finally, the next morning, I needed to grab something quick to eat, and the front desk person recommended the cafe. The food came out somewhat quickly but was way more than I ordered (I wanted one english muffin with some eggs and cheese on it, and they brought out a styrofoam container FULL of eggs-it must have been an entire dozen of eggs, and they charged me accordingly). When I went to pay, it took about 10 minutes just to do that because the computer system was glitching, and even the manager when called over couldn't fix it in a reasonable amount of time.  The only reason I gave it a 2 star instead of 1 is that the man at the check-in counter and the girl that was trying to take my money at the cafe were very nice, even with being in an understaffed (check-in guy) and nonworking (cafe girl) department/hotel. They must pick and train their employees very well.
A good value with a great location, but has problems. The hotel is dated, but the rooms were recently updated and nice. A major con here is that the walls are paper thin - we had obnoxious neighbors who keep me up all night. I called the front desk about this 3x, nothing was done. We moved rooms, hoping not to have more jerks next door.. A friend had the buffet and said it wasn't good and was overpriced. No good places to eat in the hotel, but it does have a convenience store that sells water, booze, cigarettes,etc.. The pool is ok, but there were frat boys making a beer bong out of a pool noodle. Lots of beer in the pool that day.. You might want to spend the money to stay somewhere classier, if that's your thing. Otherwise, prepare for "budget travelers"  who are loud, drunk, obnoxious, rude, etc. and a hotel staff that could care less.
The Flamingo is really showing its age, especially compared to the City Center properties (Vdara, Aria, etc.).  At this point, I definitely would not stay at the hotel.  But I would gamble there!  I was only able to find a $5 craps table on Sunday afternoon in summer 2013 at two places; Flamingo and Bally's.  And in my opinion, Flamingo is slightly nicer.  . . I think it's probably about time the Flamingo follows Bill's Gambling Hall and gets a major renovation going.
Oh Flamingo, you old bird. All you need is a good (bird) bath to clean your skanky carpets in the common areas, and fluff your feathers-- I mean, freshen up your rooms. I actually like the atmosphere in the Casino and shopping areas... folks are pretty friendly and there's a good vibe. But you need to be eating some new birdseed... and by that I mean, freshen up every part of your business (especially lobby/casino decor, room quality, maintenance/upkeep, and food service).. . You have have good lineage. And your recently-refurbished guest rooms are a step in the right direction (though, while I'm not crazy about the Peptol-Bismol-pink bathroom walls, the electric drapes are a nice feather in your plume). It just seems like you're at 55% right now when, if you just got flapping, you could be at 100%. Or even 110%-- shoot for the skies!. . Dear Flamingo, please don't lay an egg! Leave the comfort of your nest and soar like you are meant to (or at least balance on one leg like you are meant to), sweet Flamingo!
The positives about staying at the Flamingo? . . 1. You're on a budget and don't plan to stay in your room very much . . 2. Location (fairly central on the Strip and easy access to other hotels- Paris hotel is right next to it and Caesar's is across the street) . . The negatives: . . 1. Parking- not very obvious entrance, we had to consult a friend to figure out where to go and ended up entering on some random backstreet behind the hotel. It was probably because we got there around 10 on a Friday night, but finding parking was pretty much impossible until circling for 15 minutes and finding literally the last corner spot in the lot. . . 2. Hotel service- we had several hiccups with our room, which had all of the basics; I was expecting a dirty old run-down carpet, but instead we had hardwood which was a slight upgrade. But re-directing, one of the most egregious issues we dealt with was when our toilet ended up overflowing. We made a call to the front desk the second the issue arose and the individual at the front desk said they would send someone to take care of it. An hour later, we called again to say that no-one had come to service the toilet, and the front desk responded that they would submit a service request to maintenance. We wanted to get our day going and left for a few hours only to return back to the room with still an unfixed toilet (SERIOUSLY?) We made a third call down to the frontdesk and they responded as if we were highly inconviencing them and  they  were unaware of the status of our service request... eventually after some more prodding someone eventually came to fix it, but the amount of effort and lack of responsiveness was just unfathomable. Several other instances during our visit we had requested items from the front desk (toiletries, etc) and none of it ever got delivered. They did give us a lot of towels though. . . 3. Some of the renovations around the hotel are kind of tacky-- the women's restroom behind the buffet literally had a sign made of cardboard and a piece of tape stuck to the wall with "Women" written on it in sharpie.
The Flamingo has a very dated decor. I was staying in a Fab room which was supposedly a renovated room. That was untrue, since the only thing that looked new were the pink curtains. The bathroom vanity and other furniture in the room had chipping paint and finish. When I travel for a short period, I rely on hotel toiletries, the hotel does not provide hair conditioner. . . The house cleaning staff was nice and provided us with ample amount of towels! The hotel is good for people looking for something cheap, great location and aren't too picky about the room quality.
Not as good ventilation as the other casinos on the strip. The smell of cigarette smoke is more prominent here than at other casinos on the strip, so if you are sensitive to cigarette smoke, stay away! Came here for the wildlife habitat, which was okay. Only okay. They have a decent food court with a Johnny Rocket's. The parking garage is small, confusing, and not labeled. Parking is poor, which is not fun when you combine poor parking with people who have had a little too much to drink. The elevators also weren't working. . . Not gonna lie, I did enjoy the vintage interior and decor.
To the Flamingo's credit, we did get a decent deal that included two 24hr buffet passes for other hotels (don't waste it on the Flamingo buffet), and the location is good.  That's about it.  Make sure you double check how much you are charged, especially for specials they are running (we were overcharged but were able to get it changed).  The hotel is too smokey and while they attempted to give the rooms a makeover, you can tell its done cheaply and the bathroom was still really old and not completely clean.  If you're looking for a cheaper stay with a good location on the strip I'd recommend Bally's instead- newer, smells better, and usually not that much more.
The place is very old, we got a suite and it's huge, but very old, carpet damaged, stained, shower is awful, bathroom is very old, scratches and all. Bed is ok, one TV must be 20 years old, I heated they are remodeling, but not sure when. They need capital. So 70's. . . The pool area is awesome though, lovely and lively. Looks good, live DJ..
I have to say, this hotel has been nothing but disappointing, and we still have three nights to go. We came to Vegas for a wedding and stayed here as the bride had booked a block of rooms. The only plus thus far is that it's pretty central within the strip. . . Thus far: Parking is a nightmare. There is construction going on where the usual entrance would be and the only signage is a tiny sign hidden behind trees letting you know to make a U-turn and go around back. Then, the elevators from the parking garage to the lobby are disgusting. They look like death. Not to mention, parts are missing - as in, you look up, you can see the cables. Super re-assuring.. . Check in: We arrived at 11pm on a Wednesday. We were waiting 30+ minutes to check in! I would have to imagine they're used to crowds, they should really have more than 4 people checking people in. Yowza. . . Room: The room (if you get an updated one) is fine. It's big (we had two queens, standard room). Problems: The bathroom vent fan filter was absolutely filthy. Dust everywhere. The toilet and the shower ran - constant noise. Both the lights in the room didn't work. Walls are very thin, you can hear everyone and everything in the halls and next door. Also, ask if you are going to face the pool area - music blasts until about midnight (Which I don't mind so much, but you'll want to know). The beds, I will say, are super comfortable. No complaints there.. . We ordered room service - a 'movie package' which included 'large popcorn, Red Vines, two sodas and two bottles of water" - $25.00. When I called to order the lady put me on hold three times and finally said "I'll call you back" because apparently this was a new menu item and she couldn't find it. When she did call back, I had to remind her about the sodas. What arrived (45 minutes later): Two bags of microwave popcorn (half popped), 4 Red Vines, two glasses of water, and two mini-bottles of soda. Excellent. . . Overall, I'm not impressed at all. I love the history of this place, and its location, but it's so not compensating for the rest of the mess.
Not a fan...my husband and I took our first trip away from our daughter with friends. We picked this hotel because all our friends were staying there, from the website we were under the impression that the hotel was recently remodeled. If by remodeled you mean 1980's style bathrooms-tub and sink draining-optional, by heating and A/C, be prepared to heat the hall, not your room, if you like arctic temps, A/C will be right up your alley.... Cold? Too damn bad.....only sheets provided. But I must say the upside was the staff-minus those annoying Windham reps-R-U-D-E (well most of them). I definitely wouldn't recommend this resort  to friend and family. Time to step it up....
Not great service, not great rooms.  Crowded, loud...wouldn't recommend.
First impression: Road/parking lot under construction. The parking structure has limited spaces (many ppl can't even find a space, we were lucky tho) and far away from hotel lobby. Valet line was a long wait too and often full. Check in line was long and moving very slow. Front desk staffs unfriendly. Room was newly renovated, pretty nice, but the habitat tower was very far away from lobby and not luggage friendly, I have to go thru stairs couple times which was very troublesome. Despite all this, I was still excited to live in flamingo cuz I was prepared parking would be a problem until..... . Here is why I gave out a two star rating. When I booked my room thru totalrewards call center, I had a promotion code buy two nights and get one night free. The receptionist told me if I don't use the promotion code, they are offering me free helicopter rides. I was pretty skeptical and asked "Really? Free helicopter rides around the strip for one or two? Cuz we have a total of two ppl stay in the hotel room." The receptionist asked me to hold and she came back to me saying they will give me two helicopter VOUCHERS at the front desk when I checked in. I was so excited and thinking it is a great deal. However, when I got to the hotel, checked in and they have me a COUPON for the helicopter rides which is buy one get one free. My local friend told me the helicopter prices on the coupon are more expensive than what they can get me. I asked the front desk about the VOUCHER totalrewards told me about over the phone. A lady at the mails and keys gave me attitudes and funny faces while she looked up on her computers, she even gave me silent treatment when I asked her questions. And I told her it's fine I don't get the helicopter rides but I want my buy two get one free promotion code applied to my bills. She said she can't do anything and brushed me off. I only spoke to her 5-10 sentences and she made me wait and looked at her computer for over 20 minutes before brushed me off. I am like, if you can't do anything about it, it's fine but don't give me attitudes and hold me there with your funny faces and not solving any problems. I don't even blame the call center receptionist for wrong information but the mail and key staff made me really angry.
I stayed here for a convention. Nice location but very run down. I had to upgrade after one night because the room was so dirty. My "view" room was awful, the Donny and Marie sign on the windows obstructed the view to the point that it wasn't enjoyable. Had to spend an extra $30 for the view and a coffee maker.
Stayed here for three night on a busineess trip.....FIRST beware they charge a $20 per day resort fee for NOTHING.................This hotel is not worth a resport fee...its run down and worn out................great location .......close to other nice casinos.....do not overpay for this hotel..............it not worth it.......................Add $20 a day to the room rate....................rooms are average...........nothing special.............if you do stay here ask for a room close to the elevator and low floors.....if not you may be walking a lot.. Check out the Quad next store...........its a new and clean hotel and casino,,,,,,,,,,,and I think low cost...............anything is better than flamingo...........the flamingo charges for wyfi.....
Slow check in, barely warm shower, poor attempt at modern design makeover, dated infrastructure, dirty rooms, poor selection of restaurants. . . + Good location, on the monorail line.. . Would I stay here again? No
The Poker Bar bartender has as much personality as a wet mop. Good heavens! Won't be staying here long....
Just say NO! The rooms were fine except for the construction 24 hours a day outside. The price was fine except the hidden #20 a day 'resort fee' magically tacked on at the end of our stay. The pool was fine, or at least it may have been had it been open, hell they told us on the phone it was! The wait in line to check in was fine except the for all the tourists. The $9 well drinks and $7 domestic beers were fine as long as you got them free at the tables and not the terrible bars. The showers were fine except the leaking fixtures and sandpaper towels. The whole experience was just fine, except that it wasn't and I would not recommend anyone ruining their Vegas trip with this crap hotel. Oh, and fuck your $20 bagel + $3 room service fee + $14 WIFI charge.
I've been coming to the Flamingo for over 10 years and the Go rooms are really cool!  The pool areas "open to the public" club philosophy has got to change!  Were staying here and can't even find a couple of lounge chairs!? Were carded for an 18+ pool and were 35.  Give me an effin break!  It's fun here but not classy!
Our room stinks, the sink clogs, the elevators are trashed, but the view is amazing. When we got here there is construction....they should of told us this before coming. We drove around for half and hour.and then walked ten minutes to get to the hotel. I think they put us in a pet friendly room.
Okay a little better this time around. I understand that Harrahs Entertainment can't do construction on every place but some things can be done to improve the existing conditions. The customer service was way better than last year. The room was old looking but ok. They ruin the view with the screen tape they put on the windows. Needs: carpeting in hallways in towers, elevators to be cleaned, and a better sportsbook area. Most of the dealers are decent however there are a few exceptions. One person that will be unnamed in the poker room is a moron. He needs to be put on the Keno machine. The dealers are very diverse which I enjoy and appreciate. On the main floor during the 8pm-4am shift are Mikaela from Bulgaria-she is excellent and fun when she deals 3 card poker. There is also Lissethe from Nicaragua-she is my all time favorite dealer. I wish she dealt at a Harrahs property closer to Chicago.
We get to Vegas about every 2-3 years and enjoy staying at different hotels. We thought since Flamingo claimed to have renovated rooms it would be fun to stay there. HUGE mistake. We had a Go Deluxe room for $40, not worth it. The room was large size and seemed to be renovated (paint, wallpaper, and new mattress). No carpet, that's great, but seriously vinyl flooring? The furniture was lacking, one "desk" (which was really just a tallish small table) that was scarred/gouged, 1 chair and a cheap chaise lounge that the bottom covering was coming off of, and a dresser. The bathroom has definitely never been renovated, the bathroom sink had come loose from the counter, there was nothing to keep you from slipping in the shower, and water pressure was quite low. The walls are incredibly thin, I could hear the guy in the bathroom next door peeing. The carpet in the hallway was bunched, I tripped several times (and I was quite sober). I think the elevators are original, they are noisy and a little scary. We made the mistake of driving out to Ethel's Chocolates to see the Xmas display. That was wonderful, however, when we came back there was NO parking in the garage at all. After driving through 3x we finally decided to valet park, whoa, valet parking full. No self parking, no valet parking, now what. We finally found an overflow parking lot way behind the hotel. The other issue is the timeshare sellers that lurk near the elevators. When I tell someone no I'm not interested, then leave me alone, don't keep pushing your product on me, I'm liable to let the Irish Bitch loose on you. There were a few goods during our stay - room size, no carpet in room, floor to ceiling windows, all staff encounters positive. Everyone was super friendly, when the "boys" next door decided to party hearty and we called the front desk, security responded promptly and handled the issue. We ate lunch at Johnny Rocket's one day and that was great. We sat at the counter, Debbie served us. She was so upbeat and friendly and made me the best milkshake I've ever had (Orange Creamsicle), the staff did a dance that was fun to watch. Also Sin City was fun and had a good selection of drinks. Happy hour is 2 for 1, sat at the bar and watched Sunday night football, had a good time. I think next time we'll stay elsewhere and maybe visit Flamingo, but not likely to ever stay there again.
The casino is clearly in need of an update. It's very old and out of date. The staff was not friendly at all and were pretty rude at the craps tables.
I've stayed at the Flamingo 5 times over the past five years ( I have stayed at several other hotels including: Caesars, Excalibur (the worst), and the Golden Nugget AND have been in the rooms at Vadara) and over that 5 year time period, the only thing that has improved is their gaming tables and casino seating. Everything else is in serious need of maintenance and upgrade. The Go rooms are nice, but are already dated. The older rooms have been partially remodeled (lipstick on a pig). . . After our last visit when a panel of the revolving door to the gardens/pool by the spa elevator fell on my father in law and it took 15 minutes for a staff member to come help him, I won't be back as a hotel guest until they make some changes. I mean, what if that had been a kid using the door??
This is a good location but a bit overpriced in every area including price of the room considering the quality, table limits & food prices. The carpet in the hallways should be replaced or at least stretched--I see a liability claim in the future if it isn't. It is a definite trip hazard. I was there for the NFR December 8-12, 2013.
