Went for the breakfast buffet a few weeks ago, on the Saturday of MLK weekend. They did have a wide selection of overall foods, but really think the quality sucked a$$ for the price they charge per head ($25pp for breakfast). Don't get me wrong, I still managed to eat a lot & left really full, but was very disappointed :-b.. . I got a plate from each section, & the only 2 things I thought tasted really good were the mini-cakes: red velvet w/cream cheese frosting, carrot cake w/cream cheese frosting. (I know what you're thinking: Cake for breakfast? What is you crazy? But hey, in my world, it's never too early for cake!!). . The eggs were "mehhh", bacon was WAY undercooked & gross, they had random onion rings (or calamari? I couldn't tell because they were so dry & chewy) next to the eggs & bacon section. A lot of the food looked like they had been sitting there awhile because they were all dry & sometimes bland.. . Service was good, though, I had a very nice waiter who was very attentive. Appropriately, I left him a nice tip as a thank you.. . I'm assuming their lunch & dinner buffets are better because every time I walked past it to go to the Strip shuttle, the lines were insane! Of course, there was no line for breakfast & the place was very empty then, haha.
I remember coming here as a kid and thinking this was the best experience ever. I recently went back with my family, because my dad had a coupon for it. After waiting in line for two hours, we were seated, I went and made a plate of prime rib, turkey, and other fixings. Nothing was especially spectacular. I went up for shrimp and crab legs next. The shrimp were decent, but the crab legs tasted a little old, dry, and had a consistency of rubber. After that was the Chinese station. The bbq pork was decent, the flavor was spot on, but a little fatty. The duck was delicious although lacked the crispy skin one would like with a roasted duck. Finally, the desserts, I found mostly everything to be disappointing. The gelato was not creamy, but more icy and too sweet. The cakes were nothing special either. . . I can only think of one comparison. As a kid one loves McDonald's with a fervent passion, but once you have had better, McDonald's becomes the place you eat at when you are desperate for something simple and quick. The line at the Carnival World Buffet is anything from that description. I do not see myself going back there anytime soon.
If ur looking for quantity not quality this is for you. There seafood buffet isn't much better.
This buffet looks really impressive, but it's really about variety more though that quality. It was nice because we were a party of five with all different tastes, but nothing was that good or something I'd go out of my way to eat again. They did have this one Greek salad that was really good, but when I went back to get seconds, it was no where to be found. . . I'd go here again only if I was trying to please a large group with varying tastes, otherwise I'd take a pass.
The last time we were here was about ten years ago and we loved it back then so thought we would give it a try again.  . . Let's see, Rio buffet how do I hate you, let me count the ways.. . Yes, there is a huge selection and is a great place for those with larger groups and different tastes.  But, it really ends there.  . . I think the line system really sucks.  We had a coupon and had to stand in line to the right, while people who were way behind us went up to the credit card side, paid and got seated way before we did.  If I had to guess, we had to wait an extra 20 minutes to be seated from those people who were at the back of the line.  I don't know how they think this is fair but I guess this is their attempt to keep the line moving.  . . When we were standing in line, we could see a bunch of empty tables that weren't being cleaned.  The line wasn't that long for a Saturday night but the wait was over 45 minutes.  Even when we got inside, there were empty tables and still a ton of people in line.. . Our server was just ok, he did bring drinks relatively quickly but when it came to taking our dirty plates away, he was very slow.. . We really enjoy sushi and the selection here was pathetic and tasted gross.  The rice was kind of crunchy, and not really fresh.  The chicken I had was very dry and there were a few other things that I tried but didn't finish because they were just not good at all.. . One thing that was very good was the gelato, and the meat station had a decent and pretty tasty selection.  I did have what sort of looked like creme brulee but it was not c.b.  I don't know what it was, but the bottom of it was all liquidy and raw! Yuck!. . Overall, I think you can do much better somewhere else.  I know some people really enjoy this buffet but my husband and I did not.  Yes, there is alot of quantity, but I think the quality for the most part was really lacking.
COCKROACH PROBLEM! Food was great, but our table had a couple. extra guests crawling on it. Manager acknowledged the ongoing 'problem' in that particular area of the restaurant (booths near crab legs) and offered us a refund.  He was more concerned about the refund than the actual pest problem.  I would have been fine paying for my meal, but was hoping he would seem more empathetic about the reason why I lost my appetite.Avoid eating here  if you prefer a sanitary eating space.
I don't get it.  Why does every travel channel show this buffet and tell tourists to come here?  M Casino has a much better buffet.  Heck, I've had better at Mandalay Bay and Planet Hollywood.  . . Alas, my sister visited for the first time and having seen a ton of said travel shows, really wanted to come to the Carnival buffet.  So I took her.  She seemed happy but little does she know there are much better buffets.  The price tag wasn't bad though.  Locals get half off with their rewards card.  That's apparently true for drinks in the casino too.  . . I was not impressed with any of the food.  The only thing I would classify as good was the prime rib.  I would suggest venturing off the strip to M Resort if you really want a good buffet.  I'm not a buffet fan but M is pretty solid.
This place isn't what is use to be. We arrived here at 11am and there was no line at all. It could be that the automated machines to purchase your lunch ticket helped make it more efficient but sadly, right when we sat down we noticed that all the tables around us were empty. Is it due to the time we were eating? No, because one hour later, the place was still empty. . . Now, onto the food. I would have given this place three stars because it is still a large and diverse buffet but how can you serve unpeeled shrimp at a buffet in Vegas! That and the small crab legs deterred me from giving them any higher than 2 stars. . . Food highlight: Mimosas to help me forget about the experiece.
I wasn't so impressed with this place. I didn't feel the worldlyness. My apologies, I'm comparing it to The M Resort Buffet so this place was kind of a fail for me.. . They leave their food out kind of long and it dries up. The best thing about this buffet would have to be their sweets. They had ice cream and good pies, the food is a-ok.
Quality over Quantity. . I'd rather spend my money somewhere else, even if I get half the food.
2.5 stars at its best =/...and i always luv boofays.... . itsy bitsy spider crab legs, shrimp aren't peeled, oysters with no taste, sashimi cut in irregular shapes...but the price is not cheap at all. An hour of wait...not worth it...
Saying im disappointed would be an understatement. First of all i had lunch here and it cost me roughly $20 with tax, there is usually a long wait too about 30 minuteish at least. I wouldnt mind the wait if it was actually good but unfortunately this buffet just sucked. They have a wide variety of foods in fact they have one of the largest selections of food ive seen in a buffet, but again unfortunately its one of the largest selections of below mediocre foods ive seen.. They have sushi, but its so americanized and is one of the worst tasting sushis ive had (coming from a sushi lover), the fish did not seem fresh at all either. . . The only reason i give this place 2 stars is because of their all you can eat gelato which i absolutely loved. Unfortunately they give you it in small cups but you can always keep coming back. Cookies and cream and the tiramisu gelatos are a must try!. . Definitely wouldnt come back here again except for maybe the gelatos.
Horrible experience! We got the Buffet of buffets 24 hour pass ( great idea by the way) We had heard that this buffet was the best unfortunately not true. We went around 8:30 and waited in line for about an hour. We watched as table sat empty and un-bussed as the staff would stand there and chit chat. When we asked if we could sit at the empty table sitting right i front of us we were told that we couldn't because there were no servers for that table. Perhaps they were too busy talking to serve another table. When we were finally taken to our table we counted the empty tables along the way and counted 9 just on the way to our table. By the time we got to the food much of it was dry and being pulled off the line
Me and my other half had breakfast here. We woke up extra early to make sure to beat the line up. Upon arrival, we found it wasn't too busy by about 8:30am. The selection was quite vast with variations on eggs/omelettes, toast, pancakes, sausage/bacon. Everything LOOKED fabulous. I wish it had tasted as good as it looked. We weren't expecting anything amazing and knew that the food itself would be average buffet quality and not top grade, but this seemed to be way below that.. . RIO CARNIVAL BREAKFAST . [THE GOOD]. - Cheese quesadillas (topped with guacomole & pico de gallo). - Caramel-filled churros. - Corn beef hash. . [THE BAD]. - Turkey sausage (tasted like chemicals). - Eclair (smelled like feet). - Bacon (I understand that bacon is fatty and greasy, but these were soaking in grease). - Scrambled eggs (dry and browning from being overcooked). - Apple juice (served to me WARM, gross). - Orange juice (served to my other half WARM). - Ribs (super dry, meat tasted old and had that strong boar tainted taste. Again, very poor quality). . [THE UGLY]. We had a stomach ache for the rest of the day. It felt like a huge rock was in our bellies. We went to the Wynn buffet later that week and ate just as much, if not more, and felt perfectly fine after. IT'S ALL ABOUT THE QUALITY PEOPLE!. . I will not be going back here. Nope. Non. Negative. Nein. Niet.
Utterly forgetable, 100% cafeteria food.  The lines are insanely long, the food is insanely mediocre... whole experience was a big ol blah.  Only good part was that they brought you booze (if you paid).
Sunday brunch wasn't really all that. . . I've heard so much about how great this buffet is, but was a little disappointed. My tummy was craving some prime rib and crab legs. There was no prime rib (they only had dry roast beef) and the crab legs were kind of difficult to eat due to the lack of meat in them. . . The selection is pretty big, more than your typical Vegas buffet, but the taste was pretty mediocre. I'd much rather have a smaller selection with high quality food. . . Quick tips: . . 1. Come right before the brunch rush (around 11ish on a Sunday). There wasn't a long wait. As we left, however, the line was out the door. . . 2. The price is good. I think we paid $17.99 for Sunday brunch. Champagne included. Not bad at all for what you get. . . 3. If you want high quality food and a nice venue, go to the Wynn. You'll definitely be "Wynning" there. LOL . . Meh.
Nothing special, your typical buffet food. The Village Buffet at the Paris is much better, and Spice Market is the best of the buffets! It doesn't even taste like buffet food.
I have heard so much about the buffets from my wife and she said the buffet gets 4 or 5 stars, so I was expecting something really good.. . Unfortunately, I have bad news, most if not everything was sub-par, don't have anything to write home about. The only things I like from all these items were the bread pudding, a dessert and galeto that was about it.. . Don't get me wrong, the desserts look astonishing but they were too sweet for me and didn't really taste as good as it looks.. . The food tasted like from a fast food restaurant rather than from a high quality restaurant.. . Maybe is just me, but in my honest opinion, it just didn't wow me at all, it was just not my type of taste and quality.. . We went to Vegas for 4 nights so we bought the one day pass buffet. It did save us a lot of money vs. paying each meal individually. I like and appreciate the one day pass buffet cause it saved us a lot but otherwise the buffets we went to were just really really so so, don't know what this buffet hype is about .
I was a bit leery to try a buffet...they are not typically my favorite places to eat - but what the heck the reviews sounded pretty good.  When we arrived I did have a bit of sticker shock with the prices.  It has been a long time since we were in Vegas so the price per head has definitely increased.  Luckily we were with some locals so we ended up getting a rather large discount...that was the good part of the evening.. . At first the waiter was pretty attentive, but after getting our first round of drinks and clearing a couple of plates he disappeared.  He was gone so long that we filled the adjacent table and the top of the pony wall with plates.  It wasn't that we were piggish, there were 9 of us.  When he came back his attitude was a little nasty and he ended up spilling the remaining contents of a plate on the seat where my nieces husband had been sitting.. Now let's talk about the food...while it wasn't horrible it certainly was not great.  It did not live up to the reviews in the least.  In comparison the buffet on Carnival Cruise Lines would be 5 star...don't waste your money.
I've been to alot of buffets and this one was just "OK". They had a wide selection of food. anything you can think of they have. They had a good selection of desserts. Overall, the service was ok. the food was ok. Place was big, alot of seats and tables. Luckily it wasnt that busy when I was there.
Hate it. Came here when I was younger and got food poisoning. Haven't came back for almost 15 years. However, I decided to give them a second chance last night. Albeit I didn't get food poisoning again, I found the food to be subpar - the service nonexistent - and the overall experience to be bleh. . . The only thing going for this place is the king crab legs. Hordes of Asian tourists line up for this. I will admit that to get this here for the price of $25-30 buffet dinner is aiiiight. But other than that, this place has nothing else worth eating. Many of the items were cold and/or bland. . . So surprising how the line is so unbelievably long for such unforgivingly nasty food. I pray I never have to return.
This place is super-overrated; it is not the "best buffet in Vegas." Sure, the variety is amazing, but the quality is merely average, and none of the food was extraordinarily delectable. I'd rather have just one ethnic food type and have them focus on it being extremely delicious. As the adage goes, quality over quantity. . . This is not a memorable experience. In contrast, I still remember my meal at the Bellagio buffet from a couple years back. . . It does have one redeeming quality, however: the dessert section.
This is the second time I've been to this buffet and it will definitely be the last. . . The first time we were here we were actually pleased with the food, but once you try other buffet in Las Vegas you realize that this is not a good buffet. . During our trip, we went to Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood and the Village Buffet at Paris and these two are definitely better.. . The quality of the food is not worth the wait (lines are loooong) and the money. They have a lot of variety but the food didn't look tasty at all, not even the desserts. I would rather go to a buffet that offers better quality than a huge variety of food. . . You can definitely find a better buffet in Vegas for the same price...
Overrated.  I don't think this place is worth the wait or the price.  The food was good for buffet standards and it is huge.  There are literally hundreds of options, so any picky eater can find something they like.  However, when I'm in Vegas, I'd rather spend my time and money on a top chef restaurant.  Oh ladies, forget about going to the bathroom in there...one bathroom for all those women with like 3 or 4 stalls?  That has to be some kind of hazard.
8 years ago this WAS one of the best. Just ate at the Rio Carnival Buffet Friday morning. Paid local (ID required) price for 50% off. $15.99 plus tax and tip for 2.Must pay with cashier. Machine will not do discount. Don't wait in wrong line. My expectations was for a $16 dollar meal. Not cheap for breakfast. Service was really good(nobody there). No wait today. Great right. No, food had been sitting. Old.  We got there at 10:30am. Breakfast was awful. No made to order waffles or pancakes. They did have omelet station. I had a egg white omelet with all veggies no cheese made to order. No wait. It was good but not great. Did not try the hour old packages or waffles. Had fruit instead. For the price I would give breakfast a zero. Cold, old food just sitting.  . . Lunch started at 11:00am. Shrimp(cold and fried) was good. Sushi was all rice and  left over from yesterday. Pizza was good from a wood fire oven. BBQ chicken was fresh right a 11:00am. Salads were good also. Lunch saved the day. Good but not great. Burgers, fries, onion rings under heat lamps. YUCK. This is why I gave a 2 star. But I would not have paid full lunch price. Pay before 11am to get the breakfast price. . . For $4.99 I would head over to Red Rock or Green Valley for Buffet. Just as good or a little better. Carnival World Buffet is definitively not what I remember from 8 years ago.
I believe this is still the largest buffet in the world. It is absolutely humongous. The selection is almost endless. The problem, though, is with the quality and not the quantity.. . Essentially all the food here is the quality of a Bob Evans or Big Boy. In fact, it's like a buffet of Bob Evan, Big Boy, IHOP, Applebee's, TGIF, etc. etc. etc. It's an endless selection of very mediocre food. Is one Bob Evans not enough for you? How about 25 in a row? How about 10 Big Boys after you have had 25 Bob Evanses?. . I really wanted to like it because it was one of the first buffets I went to 15 or so years ago, but either I have become more jaded, my taste buds have become more sophisticated, or this buffet has deteriorated. Or a combination of the three. But I still love the Bellagio Buffet, so it's probably this buffet and not me.
I went there for lunch, since i have heard about this place a lot and always wanted to go everytime i go to Vegas, so this time i went... i was not too impres at all, went there for lunch, and for 25$ i was expecting a much better quality of food and , there was only 3 kinds of poor quality sushi. if you like to eat chicken and just plain food .. i guess it could be ok, but i will not return to eat there.. not really worth it.
I remember eating here a few years ago and paying as much or more for a very nice buffet. Yes it was lower cost and probably serving a broader demographic but just not that special.. No complaints about the service but wandering from station to station, I was having trouble finding anything that really attracted me. Chocolate eclairs for desert and guarded behind glass until a server might part with one only. Hmmm! Maybe I will try the Seafood Buffet next time but not this one.
Over rated, over priced and over hyped!
Ugh...This place made me pee from my butthole.... . I didn't like this buffet at all.... . I dunno...Even though there was so much food around, I didn't feel like anything caught my attention or made me want to eat it.  The meats were overcooked, everything was fried or covered in gross batter, and a lot of stuff had like barbeque sauce or a tomato based sauces on it.  . . I literally had more gelato than i did food.  That's the only good thing I somewhat liked.  "Somewhat" is the key word there.  . . I didn't even eat that much here and yet I felt so gross and sick afterward.  blah no me gusta (I especially hate buffet sushi...wtf...what's the point?  I always wanna give them a chance and I get some and it makes me vomit in my mouth.). . ps.  I've had better food at Hometown Buffet, and that's just sad...
I did not like buffets - I STILL DISLIKE BUFFETS after going to Carnival World Buffet!. . This is supposedly the best buffet in Las Vegas! OKKKKK..... . According to my BF this buffet is better than a Hometown....but when we left he said the quality went down. Way down..... . There are several areas which serve Asian, Mexican, etc. food.. . The pho was pretty lame. The meat was not even close to what it is supposed to be like and the guy served me flat noodles! Yes flat noodles for pho!?!?!?!?! The broth was ridiculously mediocre. The dim sum was dry around the edges. The Chinese Broccoli was too salty..... . The fried rice was OK. The BBQ pork was OK. I did like the seaweed salad which I added some tofu to.. . The Mexican style rice was good but not authentic. The cilantro sauce tilapia was the only - I repeat - ONLY good thing I ate there that day!. . The steak my boyfriend ate was not too bad either.. . The BBQ pork ribs were cooked well but the BBQ sauce was just a sweet flavorless sauce.. . The dessert section was the best thing. However, the pies are placed on small individual plates. It would be better if you could use a spatula and serve as many slices as you want onto a large plate - especially since they are tiny! The cherry pie is good but the crust was poor. The ice cream was mediocre.. . I will never go to another buffet in my life if I can avoid it. If Vegas buffets are supposed to be so great it frightens me to think of any other buffet out there.. . However, I have heard that the more expensive buffets at The Bellagio are way, way better. Who knows? It must be said though that those buffets are in a different class. They serve kobe beef for example.
The buffet used to be really good. I used to love this buffet. I mean, its ok.
Came here for the local deal, 50% off. Though, this seafood buffet is among the cheapest I saw in Vegas. It offers a lot of varieties of different cuisines which made the buffet look very large and interesting. I didn't even have the time to go through everything. The service was decent. . . After 3 hours eating from this buffet, my stomach reacts to a harsh pain. I'm not sure what happen to me. My boyfriend who ate here didn't have the same reaction as me. Maybe I just have a weaker stomach to sustain certain things they have in the food, but again this is my first time in years having this food poisoning feeling. To prevent any pain to happen again, I would not come here again. Sorry!
They offer a good variety of food and most of it is OK but nothing is really good. The best thing I had there was the Wonton Soup and it was not the best I've had by a mile. I did go for lunch so maybe the dinner buffet is better but I would avoid it as the Chinese Restaurant is much, much better than this and with less people.
Huge disappointment! Unfortunately this buffet did not satisfy. The seafood was far from fresh and other cuisines were very poor quality foods. At $30 per person, you're better off to save a few bucks and find a Golden Corral. So sad.
It's pretty pricy for the crappy food, they have a bar, so you pay extra for the alcohol, . . I don't really have much to say, it kinda sucked to be honest
I personally think its a little pricey for a buffet that taste like any other buffet,don't get me wrong I like it,the selection is wide ranging,with the different foods from various countries,just wish it was a little less expensive
I am sad to say that it has really gone downhill. For lunch there is no prime rib, just roast beef. The sushi was obviously refrigerated with hard rice. One of my pork chile verde was still pink inside. The trout Provencal had little flavor. However the dessert selection is great! So many different flavors of gelato! Therefore if you get the buffet of buffets ($45 with a player's card and they are enforcing a player's card for each person doing the buffet of buffets) it would be worth it to go for dessert but not the food.
Large selection of mediocre food. Snow crab was mix of soggy pieces left out a long time and fresh ones. Taquitos soggy , corn dogs unedible, and sour cocktail sauce. Most of the food just did not look too appealing. The salad bar was good as well as the stir fry section. All in all there are too many things that are out waaaay too long ! Go for the seafood buffet on the other side of the Rio..... at least they specializein something.
Lots of choices and different cuisines, and a good place to go if you want a smattering of everything and to eat till you can't walk as I saw many folks doing. But I was disappointed in the lack of unique, flavorful and fresh selections. It was overloaded on the fried food selections... corn dogs, onion rings,all sorts of  fried, fried, fried and coated items. I have to say the carved meat was great, the ham succulent and moist and the roast beef rare and flavorful. Most of the sides were heavy and calorie filled-- baked stuffed potatoes, and sides with cheese, cheese and more cheese. The desserts were downright awful: flavorless and cheap. The pie slice I had was filled with one piece of fruit and alotta goo.  I think there are better choices for the $'s. Lunch was $40 for two (regular price) and if we had not had the half off local special l(Mon-Thurs), I would have been extremely dissatisfied.
Not impressed at all. We stopped by for dinner after a recommendation from our hotel front desk staff. The meat quality was surprisingly poor. Both chicken and steak options were barely edible. Most other dishes were not labelled so you had to wonder what you were putting on your plate. Definitely not worth the $30 dinner price. However, they do have crab legs so if you're big on that you can get your money's worth here. If you still plan to try this mediocre buffet, make sure you check-in on 4square for a $5 off coupon.
Ew. Many many many many years ago, this place was a lot better. Quality of food as tremendously gone done. For $30 buffet, I wouldn't pay for full price. Thank you Rio for the 50% off locals. I wouldn't even pay for it at $15!. . Went on a Tuesday night, stood in line for about 45 minutes. Not bad for a Tuesday and buffet. BUT when we were seated, they had LOTS of open seating. Seriously? 45 minute wait? This is not a nightclub!. . Sat down, and I was ready to rager. Asian food...DO NOT GO THERE if you're not willing to wait 3-5 mintues. There's a line, seriously, A LINE. Lots of Asian people LOVE their Asian section. Eh, I've had better.. . The only thing here worth eating is MAYBE the crab. Don't ask me if it was Snow Crab or King Crab. I can't tell the difference but it is crab. Just grab a plateful and spend 30 mins de-shelling it.. . NO to desserts either. The only thing good was the spongecake with whipped cream and strawberry on top. Cheesecake? No. Chocolate Cake? No. Gross.. . Spend that $30 or $15 someplace else.
Way overrated ! Maybe at one time it was better, but not now, plus the Rio is a little out of the way, and yes I had a rental car.
Not all that...really flavorless food but its a buffet, what else should I had expected??
This is just your standard, run of the mill buffet. My friends and I got a discount from the Tix4Tonight booth, so we got to go at around $22 on 2/10/13. There are plenty of options for food, however, food options do not equal food quality. The atmosphere is pretty drab, and nothing too big stands out in a positive way other than a cool fire place over the carving station area. I will say the dessert area is pretty good, but almost all the other food is just dry or flavorless. This was the first and only buffet me and my friends went to on our Vegas trip. I would say here, you get what you pay for, so it might have been worth it to pay a little more for a nicer buffet somewhere on the strip at a nicer hotel. Overall, I was not impressed at all by anything at the Carnival World Buffet, but rather disappointed.. . PROS. *Food Options - They pretty much have every type of cuisine here, from carving stations, to Seafood, Chinese, Mexican, Italian, Salads, Desserts, etc. Now the quality of the food is a whole different story.. . *Price - If you get your meal through the Tix4Tonight booth, you can get the buffet for dinner down to $22, which for Las Vegas or anywhere in general is not a bad price for dinner.. . CONS. *Food Quality - While I've certainly had worse food at a buffet, I've had much better too. The food here. . *Location - The only reason we went here is because we were going to see Penn & Teller that night at the Rio, so we said, why not eat here. So if you have to go to the Rio and eat there, I'd try another place seeing it is off the strip in the isolated Rio. . . *Atmosphere - It seems to be a pretty dated and worn out place for me. The drop down ceilings make the place look cheap and drab, and the lighting doesn't look romantic or intimate, but makes me feel like they just can't afford good lights.
I visited Vegas, and visited the Carnival World Buffet, a half-dozen times over the past decade...I always remember it being better than it was this past visit (February 2013).  We bought discounted vouchers from the half-price ticket places that are all up and down the strip.  Dinner ended up being $22.99 including the voucher.  I probably wouldn't spend more than this if you're interested.  There is a HUGE selection here, but the quality isn't all that great.  Everything is cooked in such huge quantities that the quality suffers.. . I'm not a seafood person, but there did seem to be quite a large seafood section.. . In all, I'll probably pass on this buffet next trip and visit the Mirage Buffet in its place.
This place has taken a tumble since I was here a year ago. They haven't changed anything and other buffets are being more creative and have better food items. This is a huge buffet of very mediocre food. I could only find a few items that I enjoyed and it seemed like half of the items were pork related or taylored to the Asian crowd that comers here. They gave the asians a whole restaurant right across from the buffet, so get rid of the weird Asian soup section please..       The cheese quesadilla was the highlight for me and that spells trouble. This stuff is a small notch above Hometown buffet. I also enjoyed the strange Chocolate Cream Red Velvet cake mashup with choc shavings. As I made my way through the rest of the deserts, one fruit fly already beat me to my choice of tarts..    Saving grace is the 1/2 price deal for locals or people with Nevada drivers licenses like myself. It was $16, but I would spend 20 more if your a tourist and hit the newer better buffets in town. . Pizza, cilantro chicken, red potatoes, the whole mongolian grill area - all relics and not very tasty either.
So its a good thing they have good service because the food is not so great. at 38 a pop i expected Cadillac food and instead got Saturn style. On a positive note the bar in there was good but not enough to raise the starts since we go there to eat.
I was underwhelmed.. . My mom's been raving about this buffet for years, so even though we're not so into buffet gluttony, we decided to check it out for ourselves for Sunday Brunch.. . Aside from its large selection - with food stations from every major type of ethnic food choice - didn't think it warranted the $38 price tag. And, who do they think they're kidding asking if you'll put a 15% or 20% tip on your credit card before you even eaten your meal and before you've seen what kind of service you'll be getting???  . . Since when do you tip so generously when you see a waitress only once to bring you coffee, tea, water or a soft drink at the start of your meal - and you bring the meal to the table yourself ? (fyi - you need to purchase your own alcohol - it's another station near the center of the buffet).  We'd have been better off giving a $5 directly to our bus boy who visited the table more frequently to clean away empty plates.. . The ambience and service leaves much to be desire - and so - quite frankly - did the taste of the food. Guess I shouldn't have gone in with such high expectations - it is just a buffet, for god's sake. I'd probably given it another star if it had a $19.95 price tag, that would have been more fitting for what we got. But even with that, we can check this one off the list; don't think we'll be going back.
Okay so to start with I am not a fan of buffets. Just something about touching spoons and surfaces that tons of other people have touched. I mean you cant verify that every guest has washed their hands or not so Id rather not take any chances. I do enjoy pre-plated options like Wicked Spoon though this buffet does not do this. . . So slapping on the old feedbag I was pretty blown away but the sheer quantity and variety of the stations. Chinese, Mexican, American, Seafood, etc.. was crazy how much food there was. While I could go through all the items I tried like the tough and chewy prime rib and the off tasting salsas Id rather just say that this buffet is right on par with say a cruise ship buffet. The quality is only alright but for the price point of $30 I expected higher since the Wicked Spoon is high quality and only charges a few bucks more. . . If you're expecting to be wowed just lower your expectations and Im sure you'll be fine. My expectation of anyone visiting a buffet, please wash your hands first.
Sorry, but this is not the best buffet in Vegas. . . All my friends and family have said that Rio has the best buffet, and I was excited to try it with my cousin! We went, there was a line, of course, which took about 20 min to get through and seated. . . The selection is very wide from east to west representing many different cultures. I was ready to stuff my face. I got a little taste of some chinese food, american food, and some mexican food. Had them all on my plate, and I as I started eating, I was tasting the blandness of every food item I cam across. I barely finished my plates because the taste was not that appetizing after a short period of time. . . I paid 24 bucks and I am eating like I am in Home Town Buffet. . . Sorry Rio, I won't come back here. The fried shrimp also left some sort of unfresh aftertaste in my mouth. . . The only thing I can commend about this place is their Customer service (superb and very friendly folks) and sorbet bar! The sorbets were good and i was lucky to try most of the flavors here. I liked the Tiramisu, Strawberry, and Coconut flavor.. . Wicked Spoon at Cosmo is a way better buffet, and absolutely worth every single penny!
The locals price is awesome! Food here is pretty decent buffet food. However, I have to say the whole photographer dude asking to take your photo while you wait in line is extremely awkward. I came to the Rio for dinner, not for a photo shoot. What makes it worse is that they're extremely persistent of wanting to take your photo. After you've told them no 10 times (Literally!), then they cop an attitude with you and start talking smack behind your back, just loud enough so you can hear them.
Maybe it's because I was heading to a buffet for breakfast, on a weekday, before heading in to work...but I didn't really enjoy the Carnival World Buffet.  I would say that state of mind, definitely plays a factor into your overall experience.  But for $21.99, I don't think it was worth it for breakfast.. . It's much faster than the line at Starbucks or waiting to order food at the Sao Paulo Cafe, but all I ended up enjoying eating was an egg white omelet, hashbrowns and a waffle.  I also got a piece of roast beef and some fruit, but wasn't that impressed with it.. . The food was decent.  They had everything that you wanted in a Vegas buffet.  But for what I ate and the price, it just didn't seem worth it.
What happened to you, carnival? Almost 10 years ago, they were my favorite buffet. Seriously, the flavor, the options, and the service - it was all there. My plates were cleaned, the flavors were immense, and damn, were the desserts heavenly.. . Fast forward now - even for their price, which is consider on the more affordable hotel buffets, just leaves me with a stomach that hurts. I like that they have so many options - seriously, you'll burn some of the calories just walking back and forth, searching for your table because you were too hungry to remember as you dashed to the seafood station. The taco station is a nice visit if you're interested in making your own tacos, hard shell and all.. . The dessert station, which I used to be quite fond of, is now mediocre. It's like everything is just tossed together - no flavor. Just loaded with sugar and HFCS. The gelato is good, but I would say that about many other buffets serving gelato.. . Yes, the lines are long. I never had a problem in the past because for the most part, I went through the Diamond line. And the few times I waited in the regular line, it was at odd times, so I barely waited. The wait isn't an issue - that's bound to happen at many other popular buffets.
Used to be our favorite reasonably priced buffet... But over the years prices have gone way up and quality down.  Crab legs were pretty sad looking, and the duck (which I used to look forward to) was just scrappy pieces bathed in oil and liquid fat.. . Might as well spend the extra money and go to the Wicked Spoon or the Wynn.
Quality has gone way, way down over the years. Not worth the price anymore IMO. Certainly edible but many more choices at the same price point.
I heard and read so many good things about this buffet and the crablegs. i was not impressed what so ever! The crablegs are on ice! I mean really, on ice? I like my seafood hot! My husband had a few different things but overall we were not impressed at all.
One star all around, but I'm bumping it up to two because if you're a Total Rewards member and are a local, it's $11 to eat lunch here. But oh my god, I paid $11 to eat this crap? The shame...... . First off, there's no bar service until 2:30pm on weekdays. What, the Rio doesn't like money? You're telling me I have to choke down these low-quality ingredients SOBER? Needless to say, I was furious. . . Nothing stood out as good to me except the gelato, which is pretty hard to screw up. Everything else was old, gross, preservative filled or not food. It's like Golden Corral (a restaurant that we in my family affectionally refer to as "The Pig Trough") but in a casino. . . I went a few years back for dinner. Nothing else stands out except that we waited two hours for a table (it was the day after Christmas, I suppose) and that the food was plentiful if not edible. . . Save your pennies and go elsewhere.
$80(inc tip) for breakfast for three people on a Sunday morning.  Mind you, that was breakfast, not brunch, which I think was $3 per person more, but not until 10:00 a.m.  The roast beef was mushy?  I can't really describe it any other way.  it was just bad.  The most redeeming quality was the omelet station, probably because it was made fresh.  Denhy's, ihop, or Jamm's would have been by far a better choice, especially considering the money.  Debated on whether or not to do Bacchanal and went with this because $42 for brunch seemed a little steep.  I can't even make a "you get what you pay for" comment for this buffet because it was $28/person.  Where else do you spend that much for breakfast and get crappy food?
if you'd like to experience a true Las Vegas Buffet, don't go here.  You have so much better options out there.  I heard this place used to be famous for the seafood and that's why I decided to go but...  not any more!  king crab legs are skinny thin, no lobster tails and all the other foods are generally below average.
I wanted to eat here because I have always heard the Rio had a great buffet.... . I wish I had not wasted my time. . . I waited in line for about an hour just to pay, then another 10 minutes to be seated. . . They provided no way to crack the crab and I ended up hurting my fingers. The rest of the food tasted pretty much like cafeteria food. For 40 bucks a person, I feel is was entirely not worth it. Plus the Rio is really run down looking so I didn't even enjoy hanging around after eating.
Not what I expected. Food was really dry and didn't have much seasoning. The best part about this buffet was the ice cream. Not worth the price!! The line wasn't too long for being a Saturday night.
So far waiting in line for the seating takes awhile but once you're in there get your grub on it was not really worth the wait. The A.Y.C.E. foods are a  hit or a miss depending on the days and that day was amiss. The crab legs did not come out of the shell and the seafood was not the business. I tried their Chinese food section and that did not go as well either. The only thing that did this place justice was the mango ice cream with the flan in it also, the cheesecake. I only labeled these sections because they're my favorite foods to eat. The price was expensive but we got half off because my friends were locals of Las Vegas we would of paid 100 dollars for the three of us instead we played 50. It's expensive with bad quality of taste of their foods. I'll go next time if they stepped up their food game.
Recently relocated to Vegas though we have dined here in the past as tourists. Decided to experience Carnival Buffet again for Sunday night dinner as they were offering 50% discount for locals. They don't do this anymore, only 25% so not only is the quality subpar but it is overpriced. Got there shortly before 4pm so there was no line but caution: if you arrive prime time the lines get longer! Atmosphere & layout is good but rate it 2 stars because if you were paying full price $29.99 per person with players card it is not a good value compared to other Vegas buffets. Negatives: if you like crab (we do!)  Carnival's are the snow crab which is obviously the cheapest & smallest they can procure, a bit salty, & lacks meat & sweet taste. My spouse commented the salmon he had was dry and tough. Salad bar is OK but no Caesar blend & nothing special. Selections are varied but nothing really stands out. Some other buffets in Vegas similarly or much lower priced offer much bigger better crab & unlimited beer or wine but at Carnival you have to pay significantly extra for wine, etc.  Positives are: pleasant staff, good Prime Rib &  shrimp dim sum, gellato is good. Best can give Carnival Buffet at Rio right now is just a half hearted recommendation.
Food was terrible!! When I pay $32 I expect above average food!  I liked maybe a handful of the foods I tried! Crab/crap legs were terrible as well. I will not be coming back here...
I am not a huge fan of buffets but I thought coming to this buffet would change it. Not was I wrong! Still not a fan of buffets! Everything was so soggy or really tough.. . My husband somewhat likes buffets and this one did not impress him either..... . I recommend coming with a Local resident because they get a 50% off discount! Definitely the only plus side.. . One complaint I have is that their exit area needs to be more cut off or secure because we saw people walking in through the exit to get gelato or to plop down at tables with no receipt and basically eat for free! We saw at least five people walk in without being detected.
There is a lot of variety but the food was not that great. The line is long but that goes for every las Vegas buffet that's in the strip. Honestly, if it wasn't for the cheap discount, I don't think anyone would go there. The service also sucked.
We were told repeatedly that this was the best buffet in Vegas.  We were sadly misinformed.  It was the same food as all the other buffets (I.e.; cafeteria food)...very blah.  Las Vegas is no longer the king of buffets. Don't waste your $$ on this one.  Find a nice restaurant off the strip & get your money's worth.
I don't know why year after year I keep going back to this place expecting something different.  Big selection, food is buffet food average, but after you've been to the Wynn, Mirage or other buffets at this price, you'll see why you won't go back.. . Again, the selection is enormous.  But the food is average or below average.  Plus the cost in my opinion is high for what you get.  Not a real fan.  It's more of a convenience for me when I stay there because there aren't many choices in the hotel.
Not the best. Ate here before the Pen and Teller show since had to plan day to get there.  We got there at 630 a d the wait line was atrocious!  I recommend that usingcash or credit as there is no line for that, which we discovered 30 minutes after waiting!!! The food not worth the wait.  Bland at best and dry at worst, dessert table nothing to brag about either.. . Its a work tour Buffett of Mexican, American, Italian and Chinese.  The crab legs are there too but sooo small not worth the effort.  . . Its a 25 Buffett that has watered down drinks and no extra forks! Make sure to keep yours.  I go to one Buffett a trip to Las Vegas just for the different foods, definitely not going back too far and not worth it.
I've been going to Vegas for 10yrs now, the Rio buffet was always a must stop. The Rio buffet is now off my list, while the price goes up the quality keeps going down. My last 3 visits l felt l didn't get my moneys worth, l didn't even bother to get 2nds. But hey if you see the Rio it only makes sense the Rio as a whole is pretty rundown.
It's ok. Nothing special. I expected better quality from a Las Vegas hotel buffet. . They do have a lot to choose from and a giant variety,
I've had better buffets at Sizzler.  Long lines, stale food and just a very dirty apperance. This used to be the spot to eat if you wanted a buffet experience. Garbage!!!!
A friend wanted to take some out-of-towners here and invited us to join them. I've been here numerous times throughout the years, but it has been quite awhile since I last visited. Inexplicably, the line at 7pm was very long. We persevered but were disappointed to find out that they reduced the locals discount from 50% to 25%. The regular price for Sunday dinner with the Total Rewards card discount is currently $29.99. Since we were with company, we decided to pay the higher than expected price and hope the food was still decent. That was a poor assumption, unfortunately. While the buffet probably has the largest selection in town, the quality has deteriorated even further than it's mediocre heyday. For example, the grilled mahi mahi and breaded haddock were fishy and singularly unappetizing. Perhaps, the best items are the Chinese duck (if you can actually get a decent piece before it is cherry-picked by other diners) and the dessert station. However, compared to other upscale buffets, calling their gelato and other desserts lackluster is being generous. In the past, it would merit 3 stars, but in its current state and price point, it is a 2-star experience at best. I don't see us going back even if they reinstitute the 50% locals discount, not unless some major revamping occurs. Next time, even if invited, we will politely decline.
