First impression as you walk in -- who turned out the lights? The restaurant is very dark which seems to be a general theme in Vegas. But even for Vegas, this was club dark (and loud as well) and hardly appropriate for a restaurant in my opinion.. . We let the server order for us -- we had a large group and trusted the server to make some of the better recommendations, cost no object. The ingredient quality seemed, overall, above average with the exception of what appeared to be farmed salmon. Farmed salmon is not preferred even when cooked, let alone as sushi. Other fish selections, fortunately, seemed better -- not exceptional, but better than average. But in an absolute sense, the fish quality and selection was definitely not on par with the outrageous pricing that seems so ubiquitous in the Palazzo.. . Before I go on, I have to mention that service was impeccable.. . The most disagreeable aspect of this dinner was that, even if high quality fish was being used, you couldn't tell given that it was all served fraken-sushi style. Everything was drowning in some sort of sauce and/or combined with other mismatched ingredient so that the finished product is something only frankenstein's monster would find palatable. Motainai -- what a waste of fresh fish -- this completely misses the point of sushi / sashimi.. . The good: I didn't order any wine, but they seemed to have a large selection of sake -- from various 'appellations' and a good representation of amakuchi to karakuchi. Some well known, some more esoteric. But it seemed like a pretty good list, especially for the US, in a quick scan (again, in the dark).. . I would venture back for sake sampling (assuming that they have a good selection by the glass, not just by the bottle). But I wouldn't go back for the franken-sushi. (you may ask why I went in the first place -- I was actually interested in Brazilian food for dinner; I misunderstood the theme of the restaurant as there were no Brazilian food offerings).
I received a gracious and professional response to my review from SushiSamba. I wanted to take a moment to clarify my review lest the masses get the wrong impression given the critical aspects of my opinions.. . First and foremost, the quality of ingredients, the preparation and the service of the staff was impeccable. I'd like to repeat once more that the staff was excellent -- quick, anticipatory, professional and went out of their way to make our experience welcome and enjoyable.. . They have an amazing list of sake and wine; one I'd like to investigate and sample from more deeply. And the bartender(s) know how to mix drinks -- great tasting, proper ratios and not too strong or weak, just great flavor.. . That the sushi/sashimi was not to my preference should not be misunderstood as not enjoyable to others. The restaurant was still trying to seat a long waiting list well beyond generally accepted dinner hours (perhaps the late night supper club after seeing one of the many shows in Vegas?). The success of SushiSamba is obvious given the strong following and customer base. And I'd like to try their Brazilian offerings. But my preferences for sushi/sashimi, no matter the quality of ingredients, lie with a different style of preparation.
Sushi was good but the service was pretty bad. The sushi prices seemed reasonable but then we realized it was the price per piece of sushi!
Was in vegas for the super bowl and made reservation at Sushi Samba Saturday night.  The menu looked interesting and I love sushi.  The decor is pretty cool, and as other people have posted it is loud, but that didn't bother me.  Our waitress was asian and very hard to understand.  Is it too much to ask that I understand our server?  We asked for help on the menu, but she was useless.  We ordered some sushi and grilled beef.  The sushi was totally average which was a major disappointment.  They messed up our order and brought us grilled chicken.  Took forever to get our beef.  The drinks were good, but again took forever.  It wasn't even that busy.  Couldn't wait to get out of there....
A lot of experience was dampened by the service.  We had a reservation and were seated relatively quickly, but it was a fair bit before our waiter showed.  Then a longer wait for menus, a very long wait for drinks, etc. etc.  This was earlier in the evening & the restaurant wasn't busy.  We overhead several tables making the same comment.  . . We were excited by the concept fo the food, but found it somewhat lacking and _way_ overpriced.  The drinks are good, but I'd skip this place in favor of some of the better choices nearby.
Wanted to love this place, but ended up very disappointed.   Food was overpriced and not very good and the service was bad.  Waitress seemed rushed and not very attentive.  My cocktail and the lady serving water and taking away our empty plates was the only reason this place got 2 stars.  She was awesome and sweet and the drink was very good.  OH, and did I mention that we found a hard dried booger in my husbands napkin.  SOOOO gross, and ruined my appetite.. Bottom line...would probably meet the girls for drinks here, but not for food.
this would 100% be a 5 star review if it weren't for the pushy obnoxious waiter :(. . We made it clear we just wanted a few rolls and apps...he continued to push us to have a full on meal and order super fancy expensive drinks... ALL WE WANTED WAS A FEW SUSHI ROLLS AND APPS....after about the 3rd time i said " we really just want a few rolls" he rolled his eyes in complete annoyance and snatched up the menus and walked away..EWWW... . The Sushi was delish as always...but the service really ruined it for us!!!
The stars are for food quality and lush atmosphere, but that's generous.  The portions are small and, like everything else in Vegas, at least three times the price you'd pay back home.  . The waitress was a nightmare.  I've met used car salesmen who are less pushy.  She raved about the chef's special menu, which was $50 per person.  When we blanched at the price, she hinted that *maybe* she could "work with us" on a "tasting" menu at $30 per person.  For $30 I want more than a frickin "taste", I was an awesome meal that will fill me up.  We had to ask her three times, point-blank, if we could see a menu and order just from the menu.  She grudgingly brought ONE menu for the two vegetarians (of a bachelorette party of 12).  I had to ask the busboy for menus for the rest of us.  . When we ordered from the menu, she gave us a dire warning that the food came from 3 different kitchens and wouldn't arrive all at the same time.  She gave one last push for the tasting menu.  I would have walked out and complained to the manager if I hadn't been in a large party.  . I ended up paying $15 for edamame and rice.  It tasted good, and all the other dishes looked great - but definitely not worth the hassle and abuse. . SushiSamba seriously needs to retrain their staff.  Focus on improving the customer's experience, not on cramming your own agenda down their throats.. UPDATE:  The General Manager contacted me to apologize, and has promised to discipline/retrain the servers who have been the cause of the numerous bad reviews on Yelp.  Even with improved service, I still wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone seeking to fill their bellies or get good value for their money.  If you're all about atmosphere and haute cuisine, then samba on down.
Came here to grab dinner on a random day.  No special occasion.  My friend and I found the service average, the decor strange/ugly, and the food interesting/questionable.  It's supposed to be a Japanese/Brazilian fusion place.  I can see this place being a real pleaser for people who are not familiar with authentic Japanese or Brazilian food.  Being Japanese with a sister-in-law from Brazil, I found myself qualified to test the food out.  I think the only dish I got that I found myself satisfied with was the edamame....but it's pretty much impossible to mess edamame up.  My 7 year old niece can make it blindfolded.  . . I recognized that things might be bad from the start with the seaweed salad.  Wow was it awful.  Nice presentation but no flavor!!  It was so watered down that I couldn't even taste the seaweed itself.  I might as well have eaten gelatin with no flavoring.  It was THAT bad. . . I also got the red miso.  It was mixed with truffle oil and mushrooms.  I did not find the truffle oil mixed with the miso soup appetizing at all....the flavors just did not mesh for me.  . . The sushi was a bit too fusion for me....I found the flavors to not really complement each other.  I did order regular tuna sashimi just to get something with no fusion and more Japanese authenticity....the tuna quality was excellent but WOAH overpriced!  $4.50 for ONE piece of sashimi.  It was good but not THAT good.  The ramen was ok...nothing to talk about later.  . . As you can tell, we were not impressed.  We ordered an array of things expecting for something to blow us away, but we were disappointed.  $80 later, we headed home and looked for something on the way to satisfy our appetites.
The food was decently tasty even for a vegetarian like myself, and the decor was interesting to say the least. So why the 2 star you ask? . Well our server of course, our happy-go-lucky, let me explain to you what we have grandeur of a waitress. . . I can understand if you hate your job and probably been dealing with rude customers all day. I get it. It sucks serving big group of pretty girls .....but, geeze give us a chance! . I asked her what she would recommend as a vegetarian option- she responded "look at the menu, i don't know" . It felt like we were almost catering to this women. . "Should we even bother asking for our waters to be filled?" Goodness, Rude!. Being that I came here two years ago, I could only hope this lady had found a job that is better suited for her..perhaps a bounty hunter or a bird watcher... . The only reason there is more than one star is because I respect artistic food decor, and all the food served was a head turner for me!
My husband and I looked at an address wrong for a restaurant we were going to try.  Long story short, we were at the wrong casino.  We decided to stay at Palazzo.  We love the Palazzo and have never had a bad experience here and figured we couldn't go wrong.  However, this is my least favorite dining expereince I've had to the Venetian or Palazzo.. . SushiSamba was having their happy hour on Friday 4-7.  We sat up at the bar and ordered off their happy hour menu.  We each decided to try the Caipirinhas.  I'd equate this to a Brazilian margarita.  I think the bartender said it has rum instead of tequila???  Not positive though.  She hands the drinks to us and says something to the effect of "This isn't my favorite drink, but it gets the job done".  We didn't ask her if it was a good, bad or indifferent drink.  We just wanted to try something off their happy hour menu that we'd never tried before.  I thought it was a rather odd comment to make.  Then when we tried it, we weren't crazy about it either.  If she was going to say something, she should've told us when we ordered.  Regardless, the drink kind of grew on us.  Didn't order a second and probably won't order the drink again, but it wasn't horrible.. . As far as food, we tried the chicken anticuchos, shrimp tempura roll, salmon taquitos and yellowtail seviche.  Chicken anticuchos were good....basically a chicken skewer with teriyaki.  Shrimp tempura roll was average.  Salmon taquitos were kind of strange...if you do order these, make sure to put the spicy sauce on them.  Without the sauce, they aren't very good.  Last but not least, the dish I truly enjoyed was the yellowtail seviche.  The yellowtail was buttery and spicy all at the same time....very good.. . All said and done, our tab was just under $40 before tip.  Not bad.  However, there was something about this place, I don't see myself ever coming back here.  Other than the yellowtail, nothing was that good.  Average to mediocre at best.
Service was good but the food was just OK.  I am a bit of a sushi snob since my father is a sushi chef but the sushi at this place was nothing special and I've had better at restaurants that were half the price.  I left after one appetizer and 1 roll.
I'm conflicted about this place.  The wife and I were in LV for the first time since 2003, so we were exploring new places.  We saw this restaurant on our travels before heading to a show and we love sushi so we stopped.  The food was very fresh and drink selection was excellent, however portion size was tiny.  After $72 with tip my wife commented that is was the first restaurant that she had ever left feeling more hungry than when she arrived.  We then had to hurry off to get more food before the show.
First it was sensory overload with the lights, video and overly loud music.    Second, the food was too hyped up for me, so the 45 min wait was not worth it on a Tuesday.  . . - Sea Bass skewers - good but nothing extra special.  . - Bobo Brazil roll - couldn't really taste the ingredients, the sauce took over. -  Yamato roll - sounded way better on paper.  again, couldn't taste the ingredients as it was sauced up.  . -  the sushi came with its own wasabi, which is perfectly fine, except they put way too much.  The taste of the fish was masked by it.  . . Overall, I wouldn't go back.
I think you need to take off a star for all Vegas reviews. This place was hyped up on Yelp and in Vegas. I like my sushi, but this place is wayyyy overrated as far as food taste and quality. Ambiance and service was ok.
Stick with the sushi (4 stars) and stay away from the "samba" (zero stars). . Their most popular fusion dishes recommended by the staff are not worth getting.  They were dissappointing and overpriced.. The crispy yellowtail and lobster taquitos were just awful.. The sea bass skewer was too sweet and syrupy and the pervian corn was gross.  . The yellowtail w jalapenos and lemongrass were just average.. . The straight up sushi was better than I expected.  In particular, the yellowtail sushi (though a really small cut) was actually very good.
The decor and service are wonderful. The food is okay.  If it wasn't so expensive, it would be a nice place to go eat. . okay food + expensive= not worth it for me.
Portions are so insanely small. I hardly ever finish a plate and these were tiny even for me. The Chilean Seabass was to die for but after spending a fortune and still feeling starved afterwards I just would not ever return.
Took "FOREVER" to get our food. I always think that when there is only 2 dining out the service isn't very good. More people more tip!!! 4.00 for a small cup of coffee!!! REALLY,6.00 for a small soup!!!!REALLY. Overpriced w/ okay food.
I was expecting a mind blowing meal, but ended up just blowing a $100 on mediocre sushi and apps. The rock shrimp was good and the red miso was ok too. Save your money on the pork belly ramen, it'sa big portion and  spicy but not that good. Sushi, which is why we went there, was ok at best. I think everyone had one piece and didn't bother finishing the rolls. Would maybe head back for a happy hour but not for a dinner.
I want to like this place SO MUCH.  The food that we got was delicious (the sea bass skewers are amazingly soft and flaky, and the black truffle sauce that comes with the fried green beans is TDF), BUT the service we got was horrible.  Our server was fine--she was upbeat and tried to work with our wants, but whomever it was that also talked to us was horrible.  . . To be fair, we were a large group (about 14 or 15), and understandably it is hard to accommodate such a large group, let alone trying to get our food out at the same time.  Honestly, I could care less if my food came out at the same time as the people I had been sitting with.  Before we could even look at the menus to see what was available a la carte, the restaurant pushed us into this 'tasting menu' that would "incorporate our tastes as well as some of their classic dishes"--sounds fine, but in a group of 14 or 15 people who have VERY varied tastes, that is almost impossible to do.  To begin with, some of our group members didn't eat any raw fish, and others were basically only interested in raw fish.  We eventually agreed to this tasting menu just out of an unwillingness to continue "fighting".  They tried to appease by sending us some shooters and edamame, grilled shishito peppers, and fried green beans to start.  Great, and thanks, but still not the best service you could ask for at a restaurant like here. . . If this rating were about the food only, I would give it 5 stars.  The food really is delicious, and the decor (while strange) goes well with the feel that the restaurant seems to be going for.  The pork in our meat sampler platter was overdone and dry, but two types of beefs that were perfectly cooked made up for it.  The appetizer of some sort of spicy tempura rock shrimp salad was moist with the perfect amount of chewiness and spring; it's spicy, but not in the give-me-milk-to-guzzle-now way.  The sushi that we were served, however, was pretty sub-standard.  I'm sure this was because it had to fall in line with our tasting menu price point (which somehow got haggled down); honestly, I did not come to SushiSamba just to get spicy tuna rolls.. I could get that anywhere. . . In short, come here if you're in a small group.  The food really is worth it, many times over.  I'm sure it will be a far more amazing trip than the one I had in a large group.
thought all the nicer vegas strip restaurants should have more quality..... guess i will stick to having sashimi / sushi in LA!!!
I had high expectations for SushiSamba, and I was very disappointed with my experience there.. . Service: Rude.. . Food: There was nothing wrong with the sushi.  But there was nothing spectacular that would warrant SushiSamba's price and reputation.  The fish didn't taste that fresh, and the rolls weren't anything revolutionary -- I could have gotten any of those rolls at a lower-end Japanese restaurant in SF.  It definitely wasn't authentic Japanese, and it absolutely failed at any attempt of being Asian Fusion.. . Not sure why this place has so many good reviews, to be quite honest.
I've heard alot of meh reviews of this place but I still wanted to try it out to give them a fair shot.. . My friends were right..... . Overpriced Sushi that wasn't all that great.. . Got this roll that literally fell apart when I tried to pick it up with chopsticks.. . Had maybe 3-4 different rolls but they all somehow all tasted the same and I couldnt tell them apart.. . Not gonna come back
Food is too expensive. Over priced. Only 1 star.. Service is ok. 3 stars.. I don't recommend this restaurant.
My boyfriend and I decided to have dinner here after seeing the reviews on yelp and based on the fact that it was in walking distance of our hotel. The atmosphere was nice, the service was decent and the sushi wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything spectacular to write home about. I'm aware that everything around the Vegas strip is going to be pretty expensive, but considering the price, I was greatly disappointed, it's definitively not worth the money, we left feeling completely unsatisfied.
Compared to Miami's, it is not what you'd expect. Miami's food is much fresher, much better prepared, much better presented, much better tasting.  Had the miso bass anticucho, which was not as fresh as Iam used to have it, and the elote was overcooked and not fresh either, like almost mushy.  . . Also had a caipirinha type of drink with mushed berries.., aweful! Couldn't swallow and I am not able to tell what it was about it.. . Loved, however, the pineapple turnover.  Was perfectly made, as big as the palm of your hand, not too sweet, not too sour, perfect texture and consistency, plain quite delicious.  . . The restaurant is very dark, lots of dark wood.., the bar is like a piece of tree trunk.., the waitstaff does not seem to have any sense of style, although I have to say everyone was very, very nice.., but the point is that it is not what you expect once you have been to the more stylish, chic restaurant in Miami Beach.  . . Also, the bathrooms are so dark, you are afraid to use them.
I wanted to do happy hour before a night of binge drinking so I decided to make reservations at Sushi Samba for me and my 5 girlfriends. On the reservations site I was told that happy hour was served throughout the restaurant which sounded perfect because we had a big party and we all know how crowded the bar area can get. However, once we arrived, we were told it was at the bar area only. Whomp. The bar area is super small but we managed to snag a little table and squeeze all of our bodies around it. Not the most comfortable seating, but it'll have to do.. . We ordered everything on their happy hour menu. All the dishes were about $5 and we wanted to try everything. Unfortunately our waitress came back 3 times just to tell us that they "no longer had this item on their happy hour menu". BOGUS! I asked why and she told me that their menu is ever changing and since we came on the last day of the month, "they ran out of ingredients". REALLY?!  So instead of eating, we decided to just drink and ate whatever few things they did have on happy hour. We ordered some rolls off their regular menu and they were all lacking. A $16 roll with only 4 pieces? Kind of ridiculous, wouldn't you agree? And it wasn't even all that. We left hungry and disappointed. Luckily we were buzzed so we got over it rather quickly.
It's not that I hated this place, but I was very unimpressed with the quality of the sushi here.  Although we only ordered four rolls (we were only in for a snack), none of the rolls knocked my socks off.  I guess when i'm in Vegas I have the unrealistic expectation that every restaurant is going to have amazing food, and this place just reiterated that it isn't possible.
Trying sushi in Vegas is seriously like throwing your money down the drain. The portions are always small and a roll will cost you about 2-4 bucks for one piece of a roll. I don't know what is all the hype about Sushisamba. There is one in Chicago and New York I believe, but I don't know why it's supposed to be so good or cool. . . One of the roll my fiance and I got had charboiled steak on it, which made the whole roll taste like charcoal. I also wasn't impressed with their special sauces like key lime mayo on their other rolls, but I guess you need some kind of gimmick to make your products special. The overall look of the rolls were the best I've seen either. Come on, Sushisamba. You have to step it up. . . The rolls were fine. I would be happy with them at another sushi place for a decent price, but since it was overpriced and small in size, I will never been happy with this place.
This place is ok but the portions have become extremely small over the years. The service isn't great either, if you don't look like a high roller they won't care about getting you anything fast. . There are a ton of great sushi restaurants off the strip that are just as creative with their menu but are cheaper with bigger portions. . I don't see what all the hype is about (that's what she said).
This Sushi place is way overpriced and the sushi rolls are not that great.  We stayed in the Palazzo at the Venetian and wanted sushi.  We were disappointed.  The sushi rolls are tiny and tasted mediocre.  The only thing that I liked was the sashimi and the sauce that came with it.  This place is not worth it.
It's what you'd expect from a sushi restaurant that is in one of the nicer hotels on the strip.  The quality of the fish was good and the rolls were above average.  The difficulty I found was that the meal wasn't very memorable.  Although the roll selection was very unique, nothing stood out as a 'Wow, I'll remember this roll forever' type of experience.  . . For the price, it wasn't as good as it should have been.. . Additionally, the service was lackluster.  The sushi came out super fast after we ordered, which is troubling considering it took 10 minutes just for the waiter to take our drink orders and then another 15 before the manager realized our order hadn't been taken yet.. . Overall a decent meal that was expensive and not very memorable.
Yuck! Here is why. We sat at the Sushi Bar and the stupid thing is constructed so you can't watch the chef's make the sushi. That is 1/2 the fun! Because the bar is so high you are eye to eye with the dead fish creatures. I had parts of an octopus staring at me the whole time. I am vegetarian so that was creepy. . . The writing on the menu is so tiny it is ridiculous. I ordered the edamame and it was awful. How do you f'up edamame? My guess, didn't leave it in the microwave long enough. My b/f said the sushi was "ok" but nothing spectacular. . . The last straw for me is from the sushi bar you look right into the dishwasher area. Great appetizing view that was. . . Take a pass on this place!. . Update: The manager called me to sort out the problems we had there on the 4th of July. They seemed genuinely interested in fixing the problems. He invited us back the next time we are in Vegas, which will be soon most likely. I will advise on how it goes.
What a disappointment.. . No point in having a reservation as you will have to wait 20-30 min. after your scheduled time.  The front end pretty much sucks. Our server was very good though.. . Food was small, nothing special, and ridiculously priced.. . -Rock Shrimp was good, but like a glorified calamari dish, nothing spectacular . -Fusion rolls were a joke, no flavor. -Sea Bass was AWESOME!  2 tiny skewers like $20, um ok, not worth it. . The restaurant is pretty popping, and trendy with a DJ its a cool environment. My recommendation is to go sit at the bar have a few drinks, and maybe an appetizer if you are staying at Palazzo, if not skip Sushisamba.
Sushi Samba in L.V is a great looking place, with pretty good food.  Not much of a "Peruvian" flavor going on except for the Peruvian corn and Anticuchos.  Our waitress who said she was from Miami seemed to be preoccupied and did not sell us on her recommendations.., she was so preoccupied that it took her a long time to stop by our table again and notice that we were ready to order more of the over priced sushi.
Made reservations last minute and didn't have to wait too long.  The drinks came promptly and the first 3 of 5 small plates came out.  Then it all went down hill!  The dish we wanted to try the most they forgot about, service got delayed, 3 of 5 were pretty good but nothing out of the ordinary and one MIA dish.  When I told the waitress she didn't even apologize and left it on the bill after I told her it was missing.  Gave my credit card and she came back 10min later advising it's going to take 15-30min because the system is down.  They could have apologized, offered to get the order right away, offered a drink... Ect.
sometimes when a place tries so hard to be hip & trendy it falls flat on its face. Fusion usually equates to eclectic, experimental & arrogant. Case in point. Transport this entire endeavor over to the Hard Rock, it might fit in better with the drunken, shit-faced, deep-pocketed wannabe hipsters... but @ the Palazzo this place fits in like having my cousin Guido shopping for a manifold for his '68 Chevy @ Tiffany's... In other cities I've lived in, this place would die from a lack of repeat biz, but here in Vegas it may just last since the 'one off, never again' crowds are virtually unlimited.
The fusion cuisine didnt quite work here. . The sushi/nigiri was all right, at best.. Over-priced kanpachi / sashimi plates.. . I dunno, mediocre sushi just doesnt cut it for me anymore. For good sushi I would yelp some hole-in-the-wall restaurants with a real sushi bar, and order omakase.. . This may sound bitter but im very sensitive about my sushi. ;)
Even for a Las Vegas hip joint, over-priced.  Sushi quality only average (in LA, similar quality sushi would be about 1/3 the price).  Nice looking waitresses.
This week two times for dinner, returning customer... But now a little dissapointed, service was not what I remembered, there were several little issues, that never happened before: some of the things we ordered took more than 30 minutes to be brought to the table, susshi rolls and drinks!!!  There was no coffee of any kind, hard to understand in a place like this: in my case, I don't drink alcohol, so I am really looking forward for my coffee with my dessert. Server was doing OK, trying to compensate this and that; about the coffee he brough the "manager", a very unpolite bad manners guy, whose only response was: they didn't bring coffee I have to deal with that company, not even "I am sorry"... The only things that have not changed are the prices... Not very good to mantain those HIGH prices, and obligated tips in large parties (we were 6, so 20% tip was added regardless of the bad service), I was saying, not very good, especially in this city, were food and service have such high standards.... Even with the great taste of the food there, very unlikely to return there...
Not great. I don't get the four and five star reviews for this place, I really don't. And the food wasn't terrible.  Just severely overrated and overpriced.  After a few dishes, completely un-wowed, we moved on to greener pastures.
Judging from the reviews, I had high expectations for this place. My boyfriend and I were feeling a little spendy that day, and I was very excited to try a higher tier, more expensive sushi restaurant. From the prices, I was expecting high quality, unique, delicious sushi. I was assuming that it would be their specialty judging from the name of the place. I ordered a few rolls that the waitress suggested and gyoza for dessert. The gyoza was in fact delicious, the best thing we ordered that night. The sushi and rolls however were mediocre, and the fish did not taste fresh. The presentation was nothing special, it did not even compel me to take a picture of it.  Not to exaggerate, but I've had better tasting and more beautifully presented sushi at local sushi places or even AYCE. Service was okay, the waitress wasn't THAT friendly, and we rarely saw her come by our table to check up on us. We were very disappointed. For the price we paid, we expected something much better. We are probably never going to come back.
Service was awful and sushi was just so so.  I prefer Social House in Crystals.  Won't be back.
0 star for the food. . 2 stars for the ambiance. 0 star for the service. . I don't even know where to start. . Honestly, the reviews are completely deceiving and I was highly disappointed! . I was so bummed because we were on a really good streak of eating amazing food in Vegas too! . . Straight to the point.. The entire experience was not at all what we were expecting. . The ambiance is really nice however, it is pretty dim -and seemed more like a club/bar lounge than a restaurant. Honestly, I would go to a whole in the wall looking restaurant with delicious food than something that just "looks" nice. . As an avid sushi consumer, please believe me when I say the food here is a complete disappointment! Save your winnings and go elsewhere-- McDonald's is not too far away you know. . . What we ordered: . I'm so mad right now I don't even remember the names of the food we ordered! But we had a group 10 people. And NO ONE liked their food. The portions seemed to have been aimed for people that are about the size of a 3 yr old with the price of a pasta entree at an Italian restaurant. I mean, really- almost $20 for two less than 4 inch skewers of meat? What the hell is that? No sides- nothing. Just that. . My sushi rolls were more bland than an infant's pureed cereal! . We were all in disbelief. So much that traded of our sushi rolls with one another to see if it might have been what we ordered that wasn't tasty. . . Customer service:. The waiter was set on how we should order when she came to our table. . She heavily "suggested" that we order food as a "family style" in which every rolls, tempura, skewers and all are placed in the middle of the table and you grab what you eat kinda thing. Considering not everyone eats the same portion or even like the same things -how the hell are you going to split the bill fairly? We decided not to order that way and asked if she could place everyone's items on separate plates. Which didn't end up happening. They squeeze 4 rolls onto one plate which . (1.) Looked messy . (2.) We couldn't distinguish which roll belonged to who . (3.) The flavors and sauce of each roll started to mix together.  . . We didn't even finish our food... we left hungry and went to Chipotle instead.. . Save yourself money & time and go elsewhere!
Food is pretty good, wait staff is really nice and great service but it's ridiculously overpriced. Get sushi somewhere else if that's what you're looking for. . . Did their sampler menu which includes sushi, seafood and Kobe beef. Nothing tasted bad....but it was $150 a person. One out of the 9 items brought to the table was memorable - the sea bass on a stick. Oh, and the $8 double shot of espresso that woke me up ;). . . Cost our group of 7 over $1K. Not that much food. Outrageously priced and you can get WAY better (more interesting and flavorful) sushi for a fraction of the cost. Nice service and wait staff though. Unless you're rich don't waste your money. Nice of them to give us birthday shooters of a tasty pink lemonade shooter.
it's just overpriced mediocre sushi.... sad.... . each sushi ordered comes in one piece so be careful of that! . they did have something different/unique though quinoa handroll. . . not impressed.  most basic salmon sushi... not impressed. felt like i was eating box sushi.
I stopped by for lunch for my sushi fix while I was in town. Looking back I maybe should have ordered a la carte. Alas I took a gamble and ordered the sushi/sashimi combo. The service was prompt and courteous. The order arrived quickly, a little too quickly for sushi. The sushi and sashimi cuts were uneven, almost wedge or doorstop-like. And for $30 dollars, not plentiful. The accompanying roll was dry and did not appear freshly made, which may have explained the speed of delivery. The roll had cuts of fish in it which was a bonus. But the outside looked as it was dipped in green tea leaves giving it an unappetizing lichen or mossy look like something attached to a tree stump in a rain forest. Honestly I had a better sushi tasting meal for dinner consisting of seared tuna avocado, mixed greens, etc., in one of the casino restaurants in the same hotel. And it was half the price. This was by far my worst meal the whole week in Vegas.
This place was recommended to us by various friends.  We were a party of 9, we were seated on the back of the restaurant. Food is good but not great.  Service is cr...  Rude in general, slow and the didn't check frequently enough if we needed something. . . For a restaurant with those prices I would expect a lot more.
So we came here on a Saturday night after midnight and the place was pretty much dead and therefore sat down at the bar. They bartenders were very helpful and knowledgable.. . But I have to be honest...for sushi I was very disappointed with the serving sizes. I mean this is Vegas...so I expect a generous amount especially for $15 a roll on average and I was not comfortable paying that much for a roll that I think is worth $7 at best at any other sushi restaurant. . . My suggestion would be to pass on this place. I mean you're paying for an experience, and I guess I didn't get what I paid for.
We made a 5 pm reservation to miss the crowds before a show. Hostess was cheerful and seated us promptly. They had all the guests lumped together in a section where we were packed into a cluster of tables like we were eating at a hot dog eatery in a Tokyo subway. To my left was Captain Bitchy Bitch, a wormy white collar jackass that ripped on the food and the fact that the water was flat, and called out the poor busboy for not giving him all his sparkling water. To my right was mommy neurotic, who announced grandly at the beginning of dinner that "this is a 'no phone night!'" then proceeded to interrupt hubby's ramen orgy with tales from the nanny.. . It was not an enjoyable dining experience. I could smell the tic tacs that Mommy neurotic was chomping nervously when she sat down. Love those strawberry ones - don't tell me they are "for the kids", mommy. . . As for the food? Ok. Not worth the price, timing of our order was laughable (and our neighbors were not pleased either with how the kitchen's timing played out for their meal(s)). Cocktails were good...but I left feeling somewhat ripped off (not a good value) and exhausted after our triple-date-by-proximity.. . Go to grand luxe instead. If you arelooking for funky fusion, go to the spa and get a Brazilian wax and drink French wine.
