Ok is it me or was the hype soooo big that it didn't let me see past the weird colored booths and " grandma's house" look to them, or the tiny dance floor for a giant club or the fact that the lighting is so prominent that I couldn't get into the groove. I don't know. I really wanted to like it, design wise very cool, best billboard ever since you turned the MGM iconic lion into now a pandering street promoter ( no really I do like that part...he seemed bored before.) lines were a mess but expected, entrance was rough to navigate, I'm sure partially to blame for dinner shots at Cosmo, seemed like a good call at the time. Music was good as expected and the sound was definitely impressive! In the end I had better times in other clubs by a pretty large margin so based on fun factor I'm sorry HK ( can I call you that?) I felt like that person you have wanted to hang out with and we you actually hook up you kinda start thinking how the hell you can get out there without hurt feelings , so it's not you, it's me , your great hopefully we see each other around... Good luck.
Went there on opening weekend on Saturday.. . 1.  A billion stair-steps everywhere.  I had fun watching drunk girls trip and fall all over the place.  TROLOLOLOL, loads of laughter.  Someone is going to fall and die and they will get sued and eventually shut down.  You would think being built by Asians, this place would have better engineered walk-ways and lighted staircases, but NOPE.  Instead they hire a bouncer to hold a flashlight to shine each and every staircase.  Kids, this is why you go to college.. . 2.  Do we really need an Asian themed club?  AS IF THERE AREN"T ENOUGH ASIANS IN VEGAS CLUBS.  Yeah I said it, I'm Asian too, UMAD?  Can we have some diversity?  This way, we won't scare all the White girls and Hispanic girls, you know, the ones actually capable of flirting and talking to strangers instead of the circle jerk AZNs.. . 3.  No outside patio!!  Some times I just want to connect with a smart girl and stare at her big, beautiful eyes, and tell her my awesome stories instead of just getting bumped by Rotunda and have armpit sweat slapped on my face.  Can't beat XS' outdoor patio.. . 4.  They don't give out tap water!  The bottle water is 9$!  I didn't come here to drink and get stupid, I came here to flirt, and being the stingy Asian that I am, I think 9$ for water is a really bad deal.  My six pack requires a lot of babysitting and no thanks alcohol.  Asian girls: don't ask me to buy you a drink or if I have a table... especially those of you coming from LA.  It makes you sound really classless and ghetto.  You're not a princess and you're not entitled to free things.  Mommy spoiled you too much.. . If you're a nerdy Asian guy who is tired of being BETA and put in the FRIEND ZONE by your rude bitchy Asian female friends and you want to be alpha, aesthetic, and learn how to pick up girls in Vegas or anywhere for that matter, hit me up.  Here is a video of me in Vegas.. . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_4X-Yzs7bU
I haven't been this disappointed since I found out that Santa Claus wasn't real.. . Hakkasan is a lackluster combination of Tao and Marquee's Godawful stairs...except there are more stairs and passageways in this labyrinth of a club. If you've ever clubbed at the Grand in SF, then the you should be familiar with the circular lay out. It's almost the same (referring to the EDM side only) except with an extra floor or so. They do have plenty of bars spread around so that in itself gets a star. . . Speaking of that, after i bought a drink from the bar on the right corner, I turned my head to see a what seemed like a 200+ lb black guy swapping mad spit with a skinny little white guy and grabbing each others...ugh wtf!! Almost yacked in my drink...I want my money back for mental scarring! I'm jk but seriously no one should see that. Another weird incident happened shortly after, we went down to the hip hop room and I got randomly attacked by someone who looks and talks like Steve Smith from American Dad. He came at me mumbling God knows what and I had to push him away 2 times before he turned around and started chasing 2 girls that just happened to walk by. Seriously, what kind of people are coming here!? Wtf!. . Besides that nothing else really stood out (except seeing the people next to us rolling balls which was hella funny), the Vegas night club vibe wasn't there, and it just seemed like an expensive rendition of a Chinese karaoke spot with famous EDM artists playing in the center of the room. Dance floor is tiny so forget trying to get close to the "stage". . Maybe I'm being harsh (it's only been open for 2 weeks) but XS, Marquee, and Surrender is still better IMHO. I don't think I'll be coming back anytime soon or if ever.
Came here for Calvin Harris on 4/27.  I purchased my ticket online so luckily for me, the wait was maybe 20-30 min to get in. Not too bad for their third opening night.  . . This place has potential, but I probably won't be back any time soon. It's an overall cool looking venue ... but reminds me a lot of Marquee in the sense that it's not very people/dancer friendly.  I still prefer XS to here... nothing compares to the openness of XS.. . For starters, this venue has a million and one too many stairs. To get to the main floor, you have to go up three flights of stairs. Then once on the main floor, there are steps all throughout the main floor.  I can totally see someone eating it pretty hard on the stairs.  Heck, I wouldn't be surprised if I ate it while sober! It's just so dark and packed that it's really easy to trip on a step.  . . This place was packed when I went and probably had a female to male ration of 10:1.  Great if I were a guy or into chicks, but I'm not, so that sucked too.  I understand that it's opening weekend and it was apparently a star-studded event (GQ launch party or something), but it was just too packed with no room to dance on the dance floor (which they closed off bc it got too crowded) or in the random pockets of spaces.  My friends either got shooed off by security or got pushed and shoved by the others trying to pass through. We called it a night at 1:30 before Calvin Harris even came on because it was just too annoying to deal with.  . . This place is also definitely tailored to bottle service. There are tables EVERYWHERE. Great if you're baller status and can actually afford a table, but I'm not, and so that sucks for me. . . Pros: PLENTY of restrooms. There's a hip hop room and an upstairs bar area (but again, another flight of stairs... and MORE tables... and the sound isn't as great up there).. . Overall impression was it's a cool place, but overhyped. I'd go again when the hype dies wayyy down.
I've had the chance to visit Hakkasan and XS this past weekend and let me tell you that XS completely blows it out of the water on almost every level.  Sure Hakkasan has exclusive contracts with deadmau5, tiesto, and calvin harris but XS' 2013 residency lineup is nothing to scoff at: Porter Robinson, Knife Party, Avicii, Steve Angello, Eric Prydz, Afrojack, etc.   But an amazing club experience from a consumer's standpoint is more than just who comes on the decks at 1:30AM.  . . There are a plethora of factors, both tangible and intangible, that these new clubs neglect that ultimately leads me to the conclusion that XS remains the best club in Las Vegas over Hakkasan and Marquee.  Here are a few reasons:. . 1) Hakkasan should be renamed Hakkastairs due to the massive amount of stairs that you cannot avoid and you MUST take to even get into the main dance floor.  This is also a major problem with Marquee's presale line as you HAVE to walk up like 10 flights of stairs to get to the main dance floor.  Have fun with that in your 5 inch heels ladies.. . 2) No outdoor patio area?!?!  Is this real life?  No pool? What is this 2006?. . 3) No gambling section?!?  No water fountain??  No I don't want to pay 9 dollars for your bottle of water.  And give me the option to play blackjack and lose $1000 but at least I get a couple free drinks.. . 4) With XS and Marquee, when you have a presale ticket, you never have to wait more than 10-15 minutes.   Hakkasan's presale line took approximately 1 hour. . . 5) No re-entry stamps at Hakkasan....seriously?  But what if its just me and a couple of my guy friends and we get there at 9:00PM just to get stamps with the intention of coming back at a more reasonable Vegas club time at 11:30ish?  . . 6) Hakkasan was such a letdown that my friends and I left before the headliner even came on.  Hakkasan is like a nicer marquee (inside only as there is no outside to hakkasan).  To Hakkasan's credit, they have a very spacious dance floor and their production value of their lights and lazers is unmatched but a club experience is more than that and XS beats Hakkasan down badly when it comes to every other relevant factor. . 7) I've heard that Hakkasan charges 43% on top of your table minimum... Now I see how they are paying abnormally above market prices for deadmau5, tiesto, and calvin harris.  This is absurd.. . Unfortunately the hype for Hakkasan was too big since it was supposed to be the XS killer but just like Marquee, they both fall very short of the top tier in which XS stands alone.. . Now we get to see Light take its shot on Memorial Weekend.. . TLDR; Hakkasan was overhyped and I was very underwhelmed.  XS remains the best nightclub hands down for a variety of factors.
When going to Hakkasanexpect  Hakkastairs = Hakka sucks.... . There are a billion stairs and dark alleys, the place is a massive cave in MGM. . Hakkasan have created the longest and slowest line, which is the line of doom...even if you have a vip table you have to wait.. . For some reason, the only way in is a elevator, its like an LA traffic jam.... . Next we have the stairs of doom...... . Hakkasan is hakka sucks....wait tell the hypeis over to check it out, it ain't worth it.... . Try light at Mandalay bay or XS
My friends and I went came here during opening weekend (4/28, Laidback Luke).  I'll give credit where credit is due - the light show/lasers in the main room are production heavy and give Hakkasan some credibility.   Also, the DJ in the hip hop room was on point last night, throwing down hit after hit!  You could tell the crowd was really into it (and even some of the bouncers couldn't stop dancing).  . . Cons:. - Ladies, the elevators are reserved for bottle service patrons only.  This means you'll have to walk up four flights of stairs to get to the main level, and walk back down four flights of stairs to exit.  . ***TAKE NOTE:  I made a comment to the bouncer at the elevator that making girls in 5 inch heels walk so many stairs to get out is not the business, and, I kid you not, he told me "WEAR FLATS NEXT TIME".  Are you for real??   I've told this story at least 10x in the past 12 hours and you can bet I'll keep telling it until your employees learn to show some class.. - I didn't buy any drinks last night but my guy friends did.  Expect to pay $18.50 for a Redbull Vodka.. - This club is probably 20% walk way/dance foor, 30% stairs, and 50% tables.  Everywhere you look, there are tables upon tables.  I get this is the kind of clientele you're trying to attract, but frankly I found it to be total overkill, especially since so many of the tables went empty.. . I had an 8am flight to catch this morning and initially, I was bummed I'd have to leave early to catch some sleep.  Then I actually experienced the club first-hand and was quite grateful to have an excuse to leave well before Laidback Luke even got on.  My friends didn't have the same early-flight excuse but left shortly after I did.. . Hakkasan definitely has some big issues to work out.  Until then, I'll stick to XS and Marquee!
I'm going to make this CON first as every lady should be aware of this:. . 5. Beauty is in the eye of some DB promoter(s) at Hakkasan - This is the CON to ruin Hakkasan. Whilst in line, I assisted some girls in taking a photo of their group because front facing shots are no bueno a majority of the time. Then I overheard one of them say they had to send it to their promoter. Um all right. Odd. Then I saw another girl send a full length picture that she took of herself in her room to a promoter. Light bulb! Turned to my friend and said, "If we have to send our pictures to our guy so we can get in, we are getting the hell out of this line because that's not cool."  Fortunately, we did not. Hurray for upstanding promoter even though he misspoke about girls getting in free (see Meh category)!. . My suspicions were confirmed when I got back home when I had lunch with a friend who told me his friend was in Vegas  with a group of girls the same weekend and had wanted to go to Hakkasan. They got in contact with a promoter who required her to send a picture of their group to him/her. All of the girls in their group passed but one did not make the list. So they opted not to go.. . I have dealt with multiple promoters (Marquee, XS, Tao...) but I have NEVER once had to send my picture to them. Nor should you have to! If the promoter wants to refuse service, they have every right to do so based on lack of ratio of boys vs girls, untimely guest list request, etc but to have to send a photo?! And they better not put out some PR BS about how they need to confirm the guest with a photo because that's what you check IDs for at the door! Plus, who knows what that skeevy promoter will end up doing with your photo! . . Ladies, find a nice promoter who does not require this. Hakkasan, get your promoters in check!. . . Pros:. . 1. MUY GRANDE- We covered three floors. The Pavilion has 2 floors and plays EDM: main stage and upper deck. . . The Ling Ling lounge is hip hop. . . Ceilings are high in both rooms so you don't feel too suffocated. Remaining 2 floors that were unseen are most likely for high rollers.. . 2. Bars galore - did not have a problem getting to a bar and getting a drink. Drink prices pretty standard for vegas. $15 for a shot of pat-ron.. . 3. With great space, comes great bathrooms - smart on the designers' part. Line for women's restroom minimal but I had better bathroom attendant experience at XS and Marquee. . . 4. Got Ladies?  Pro for the Bro- I have always felt clubs had more girls than guys for obvious reason (we get in free) but there was an abnormally excess amount of women. Pickin's will be slim for she who goes to pick up a fellow. . . 5. Elevator, what art thou? - We both got to enjoy a ride down the elevator when we exited the club. Other ladies were able to go upstairs via the elevator. A lot of the reviews on Yelp contradict this. Maybe we got lucky? But completely saved us from a grueling walk down like the one at Marquee. . . 6. Music - both rooms: thumbs up. . . Meh. . 1. Free for the ladies? Yes. SIKE! - Waited 1.5 hours in the ladies only gl line to have to pay $20 at the door. Oh fine. Opening weekend. Ok. The price was at least $10 reduced from the price of presale which was $30 for girls. So I'm only pseudo-complaining.. . Cons. . 1. So maany stairs - yeah there are lots to cover if you don't get lucky with the bouncer manning the elevators. And I gather most were not lucky.. . 2. No outdoor patio - I enjoy this aspect of XS and Marquee just because it makes the club feel more open. Sure, high ceilings make Hakkasan feel less claustrophobic but constructing an outdoor patio would have been a good idea. Perhaps there is one for the pool section of the club? We never came to this part.. . 3. Boy, is you a high roller, know a high roller, or a money-wise guy? - For the FEW guys that ladies will meet, they will either have been wise enough to purchase pre-sale tickets for about $75 or they'll have spent a lot of time in the casino to garner the Platinum status with MGM or you know a high roller and can ride in on his/her coat tails . Or if you're a social butterfly you'll have gathered enough friends to live the Hakkasan dream of getting a table for $2G+. There is absolutely no gl for guys. Don't know if it's true, but guy's admission was $500 at the door but we were told by our promoter that it would have at least been $100+ at the door for men. Whomp whomp. . . 4. Where can I get my dance on? - Hakkasan's architecture is definitely catered to the table experience.
Before we even got inside:. Came here opening weekend (4/27/13) to see Calvin Harris. My group was 5 girls total and we were on a guestlist and were told that our entry would be free. We arrived around 10:15 and pointed to the guestlist line which was so long it was out the door and around the corner of the hotel outside. My group waited a total of 2.5 hours to get inside and once we did we were told at the payment windows that they had "just changed the rules for the guestlist a few minutes ago" and now it was $20 for girls and $200 for guys. Are you kidding me? I know it was opening weekend and they were busy, but trying to milk it the way they did was ridiculous.. . The only reason I'm giving the extra star is for the awesome female host (I wish I could remember her name, she was blonde and had her hair in a top-bun) that was understanding of our situation and helped us out by giving us a different guestlist entry slip that allowed us to all get in free like we were supposed to originally. She was incredibly nice to do that for us and was one of the few kind staff members we encountered in Vegas all weekend.. . Inside:. We walked inside right as Calvin Harris started his set and tried to make our way to the dance floor. The place was so packed that they had blocked off the dance floor so that no one else was allowed in. Whatever, that happens with popular DJs, but there was literally NO WHERE else to stand. Anywhere we stopped, we were motioned by bouncers to keep moving.. . We decided to try going upstairs to the upper level to see if we had more luck up there so we went to the elevators to go up and were told that the elevators were for "VIP use only". Wtf? Okay, so after about 10 minutes, we locate where the stairs are and go up. It was considerably more roomy up there, but there were so many tables (most of them empty) that there was NO WHERE to stand to see the stage. Once more people started making their way up there, we were again told that we couldn't stand behind the bottle service tables. We ended up doing laps around the club! It was ridiculous!. . All in all we probably only spent 30 minutes there because we were so miserable. Not even Calvin Harris's great set could keep us there longer. Maybe in a few weeks when the hype dies down and there isn't so many people it might be better, but it did not leave a good first impression and getting my friends to ever go back is going to be impossible.. . Pros: Not many. Good DJ's and the one great staff member we spoke to.. . Cons: Too many stairs, horrible use of space, way too many bottle service tables (most of which were not even in use) allowing no where to stand if you didn't drop 10k on a table, skeezy practices when it came to charging people who were told they were getting in free, etc, etc. I will most likely not be going back any time soon.
My girls and I came here on Friday night to see Deadmau5. Thanks to our promoter it was relatively easy to get in. BUT once inside it was a mess. We started up 5 flights of stairs to get to the main floor, once here it was so crowded we could barely get to the bar. Now I'm not cheap or anything but a jagger/redbull cost me $21!! Needless to say that would be my last drink. Because it was so crowded we lost 4 of our friends pretty quickly. Here's my biggest gripe...stairs! stairs everywhere. You can't even look at people cause your eyes are focused on the ground. I saw a couple of guys trip on them. The next night we went to XS (my fav club in vegas) and had a much better time.
This is just one overhyped club...that will leave you disappointed. I've been there twice now and I don't think I will go back unless I book a table, which I doubt cause it's overpriced...by a lot. . . First time I went was free cause my girl won tickets for 5 to see Bingo Players and I guess it was fun then since we didn't have to wait in line. Drinks are pricey but on the same level as every other Tier 1 club in Vegas. I had a decent time as it was free.99. . However, the layout almost strictly caters to tables as the whole club is littered with them. They spent all that money on this club and are hoping to recuperate the costs back with tables with exorbitant prices...I mean seriously, the club ain't no fun for general admissions. The dance floor is small, a bit bigger than Marquee's but that doesn't say much. There is no outdoor area...so you are trapped with no where to sit if you don't have a table. The hip-hop floor is cool though...so definitely check it out if you feeling some hip-hop.. . Last Friday for Tiesto, my second time there, a bouncer kicked my girl out cause we were waiting for Tiesto and she rested her head on my chest. LIKE WTF? These fools have no idea what to do cause the entirenight they were looking for people to kick out for no reason! They followed my homie around the whole night but he didn't do anything wrong so they didn't kick him out. They are pretty much useless ass bouncers with nothing better to do. I don't even know his name but he was a short scruffy looking white guy. Obviously must have some sort of Napoleon complex...but man, waste of money for my Tiesto ticket. Not like I missed much though cause I heard Tiesto was too drunk to DJ and messed up a lot. Yeah, I don't think he really likes the club himself.
I want this to be understood: This is not a club. Its a place where you can reserve ULTRA-EXPENSIVE tables, and watch tons of people crowd their way around your table for a free spot to dance, which won't be found. The focus of this club is TABLE RESERVATIONS. Every spot that they could place a table, they did. So there are no great spots to dance because there's a table there, and of course, a corded off area for their table guests to dance, but not for you. Do not go unless you can afford a table reservation. There is no point. Want to see that DJ? Go to Wet Republic to see the DJ, at least you can dance there.. . There are a couple of nice things (hence 2 stars):. The lighting is amazing in the main room (which you won't be able to see because it will be too damn crowded). The sound system is amazing (which you won't be able to enjoy because you are constantly getting stepped on by the person next to you and the large group of people that thinks they see a spot to stand at the far back of the dance floor so they have to squish through the impossibly tight crowd).
Looks like the lesson is your way oil billionaire!  Will never to back and the only redeeming quality about this place is Calvin Harris.  First off this place is hideous.  For a few hundred million and $100 cover I was expecting extravagance not  an unimaginative, lackluster econolodge.  Second, this place has serious design flaws.  There is nowhere to stand around the club and listen to music or watch the LCD stage show except a tiny super crowded dance floor.  Don't come here without a table because there is no place there for you to be.  Third, they let way too many people in and its very crowded and you wont be able to dance or move on the floor during peak hours.  Don't come here.  Not even for the ultra expensive table reservations.  Enjoy your time and money elsewhere.
This is a late review, this review was for opening weekend. I went on locals night, Sunday April 28th with a couple of girls. We got there at around 10PM when they opened at 10PM and waited for an hour, I guess that is standard. When we got inside, there was NO ONE INSIDE, uh, why did you make us wait this long again for no reason? Annoyed already.. . Not only was the walk EXTREMELY far from the parking lot/valet, there were so many flights of stairs that by the time I got to the top, my feet were too tired for me to dance. Talk about discouraging from the get-go. Oh, and if you think it ends there, it doesn't. There are stairs literally EVERYWHERE. My girlfriend tripped off of a 3-step stair because she didn't see it, not because we were drunk. Be wary.. . Since it was opening weekend and locals night, I assumed that all the rooms were open and that they would have at least a decent DJ. WRONG. The "Ling Ling Room" aka the hip hop room was closed, WTF?! Closed on opening weekend?! Not only that, the music really sucked in the main room. I mean I am not that into EDM but I will groove to it if need be. Well, whoever played that night really did not know how to read a crowd. No one was really dancing. I don't know if I will be back or if I will even recommend/bring my friends. How disappointing.. . You'd probably be better off at Marquee, honestly.
I was SOOOOO excited to be here on grand-soft opening day. This is where my first problem is...why did they need to have 3 grand opening weekends? . . I went on grand grand opening day (April 18) and it was NOT BUSY. Got in line around 11:30 and the line was just not long. I really didn't like the fact that you have to wait in line for the bouncer, wait in line for tickets, then another line for someone to check your tickets, then club 10 flights of stairs. I mean obviously you have to wait in line at one point or another but after buying your tickets theres really only one way to go...which would be into the club...so why would you need to check them? . . As far as getting in, I'm really happy that we've upgraded to a technology where guest lists are now on iPad's but the girls checking seriously don't have to be prude bitches about it.. . I'm not gonna go around complaining about how "my feet hurt having to walk up the stairs" just cause I'm a girl. If you can't walk in heels, learn. I think it's more of a safety hazard than anything. As my other yelpers have mentioned, I'm sure there are at least a couple dozen guys and gals tripping on those stairs every night. . . I did NOT like the fact that there was no outside area. I thought I read online somewhere that there was a rooftop bar but maybe I was reading about a different club. Additionally, one yelper wrote that there were no gambling tables which I didn't even think about until reading that. You want to get the most money out of your customers? Get them drunk then have them make $500 bets on blackjack, duh!! . . Last but not least, after acouple hours of dancing the last thing I want to do is walk down a crowded flight of stairs, let me take the damn elevator. . . Return factor: 50%
Disappointing.. . That's the takeaway from here. If they didn't steal all these big-name DJs for the next 1.5 years, they would have no one coming. Since it wasn't built from scratch, you can tell it has age. There is no outdoor area which I feel is a new standard for Vegas clubs. Everything is small and enclosed. The drink prices are standard Vegas, but they charge you $9 for the smallest bottle of Fiji water and refused to acknowledge that there is free water unless you specifically say "give me tap water".. . The dance floor is small and so when a performer comes on you don't get much of a view (although DJs don't really do much so I guess that's ok.) Also main headliners don't come on until 1:30AM so be aware of that. We came for Bingo Players and so the crowd was probably a little thinner; the upstairs 5th floor bar/table area was pretty spacious so we ended up there. . . The feel and vibe of the place is more like Haze or Tao. I definitely prefer Marquee, XS or Surrender because of the outdoors. Really this wasn't a terrible club but given all the hype, waiting and cost of tickets, I was very disappointed. Once their headliners are off contract and move on, I imagine this place will be old news very quickly.
Big hype about Hakkasan! On the guestlist and in 'girls only' line on a Saturday nignt for 3 (!!!!) hours to finally get in... Club is mediocer, nothing special, not worth the wait or the hype... Ok ok Calvin Harris made up for it a bit, still would not recommend it.
Hakkasan. Idk maybe I need to get a table here before I review this place, but no, I guess the majority of people just go in. . . So here it goes..... . Layout - 1/10 - it's a weird cave like maze. Lots of random stairs. . . Crowdedness - 2/10 - you can't dance, it's close to impossible. . . Music - 8/10 - but I don't get why Calvin Harris needs to be there, anyone could just play his songs. If they weren't paying him whatever they're paying him then the place wouldn't be so expensive. Which brings me to..... . Price - 3/10  $10 for a tiny bottle of water, no free water. Ok. It cost me $100 to get in Friday night 17 May. The drinks were average price for a club in Vegas. . . The Staff- 9/10- all class, no complaints. . . The wait - 2/10 , too long at the door, too long at the bar. . . Overall it's just not worth it. . This SUMS it up...........You'll wait in a long line for a long time to go into a horribly designed club/dance floor just to bump into people and sweat, and not dance. And when you're all hot and sweaty just from moving around awkwardly touching everyone around you on the dance floor you can go get a $10 mini bottle of Fiji water. But it's all good cuz they have a famous DJ, who does nothing special, an iTunes playlist can do the same thing, and then he promptly exits stage left at precisely 1:30. Set over, doesn't say anything. So impressed. . . There is a lounge part on the third floor, and a hip hop area on the fifth, which I liked better. The main floor is 4th, avoid it, unless you have a table. And avoid this club unless you liked the way I summed it up.
BAD: . - Guestlist lines were confusing and ridiculously long. There's a ladies and a general, we don't know which way we want to go if the girls can go in first or we need to stay with the guys to have the even girl guy ratio.. . - Stairs EVERYWHERE and I mean it. Not only are there long ass dangerous concrete stairs to connect 3rd, 4th, and 5th floors, but on the 4th main floor, there were up and down steps all around the back. Unavoidable. That means if you want to get a drink or go to the bathroom you had to walk on steps. No wonder they sell flip flops in the bathroom.. . - No outdoor area. Other popular clubs like XS, Marquee, Tao, Pure? all have outdoors area to chill, hear the music, see a Vegas view. Hakkasan lacked this which meant it was stuffy and smokey as hell. The whole place was so dark you feel like you're in a dungeon the whole time. Wouldn't be surprised to have girls fall on their face on the steps . . - Small main dancefloor. This is #1 come on, you hire such good talent and charge guys a ridiculous price and theres not really room to see the dj? The floor was maybe a little wider left to right than Marquee but not as long front to back way.. if that makes sense. So you wouldn't get the whole stage view if you weren't front middle to back middle. And the left and right entrances to the dancefloors were poorly designed because 1/3 was to go into the tables area, so ppl would fall into the flimsy railing area or not know which way to go. At least Marquee had clearly designed wide walkways leading into the dancefloor that is a half-wall on the left and right so you won't fall into the table area or anything. . . - Little room to see the dj. So the floor is out because theres not enough room to walk in and out from the left and right walkways, too crowded (I'm sure in the middle of the dancefloor there is a good space because ppl give up midway and push their way back.) But there's no other spots to see the dj because everyone at the tables that surround the dancefloor is fucking standing up and blocking the view. Like the little up and down steps in the back? The good thing is people lean against the railings and theyll have a view. There were ppl pouring over every railing, mini-balcony, half-wall, behind tables-areas just so they can see the dj. This was the most upsetting because we all came to see the talent and people had to settle for standing on a step and leaning on the railing in order to get "a good spot." Marquee is considered too small and packed but at least wherever you are you can see the dj and not be blcoked by people standing up from tables (because all the tables were in front middle.) The 5th floor balcony definitely can't see the stage because all the tables are in front of the railings, blocking the "regular" people standing in the back.. . - No water. $10 for small Fiji bottle, no tap water, and no water fountains. Bitches trying to rip us off. . . - Complicated layout. Stairs to go to 3rd, 4th, and 5th floors were not near each other, no signs, no way to know where to go or where anything is. . . GOOD:. - Sound system, lights, and background stage designs were good. Dj and music were good and up to expectations. Did Tiesto play from 1-4am or maybe longer?. . - Bouncers are nice, kindly directing you to the stairs or bathrooms, which is very important because of the confusing layout. I must have asked them a question like 10 times and they were so patient. . . - 3rd floor is a hip hop room and played late 90s to 2000 era, pretty good. But does it close at 12am? Sigh... . - TABLES. The only time to go to hakkasan, SERIOUSLY, is if you get a table. They have the best views, there are many, and you can sit. Basically the people in the tables ruined it for the rest because they would block all the views, in my opinion. . . CONCLUSION:. Hakkasan is trying to appeal to the richer crowd, people who are willing to throw down money for tables. If you don't get one and don't go to the dancefloor early, you may not enjoy yourself.
Considering it's Memorial Day weekend, many friends were in town and wanted to check out this new hotspot. . So, I had emailed a host regarding the pricing of tables.. . And lemme tell you that you might have to take a seat after hearing their quotes:. . 4 people for $7,500. Not including 40% tip and tax. . . You see that ----- FORTY PERCENT TIP AND TAX. . So, basically $10,000. Can you believe that!? 10Gs.. . And I believe this is a table upstairs. Imagine the ones on the floor.. And if you get a table in the lounge, you can't see the main floor. Ridic.. . . I know this is Vegas and you pay a ridiculous about for bottles that cost less than a hundred bucks. And pay for a place to sit. But, c'mon.. . 40% is completely ridiculous.
Memorial Day weekend 2013 - Aoki/Deadmau5. . Pre-sale tickets male $100 / Female $40. . I had high hopes for Hakkasan. I went with my girlfriend and we were disappointed with everything except the music. Steve Aoki and Deadmau5 were the only thing that saved the night. Every single force outside of them was trying to ruin our night.  After an amazing memorial day weekend at Wet Republic with Tiesto and Marquee Day/Night club for Kaskade, Hakkasan was just... lacking.. . The Bad:. - We had pre-sale tickets, yet we were forced to wait 2 hours to get in. This is not an exaggeration, if you show up at 11:30, you're going to have a bad time. Once we were inside we saw that there was plenty of room to walk around and there was absolutely no reason for the wait. I've been to XS and Marquee with both table service and pre-sale tickets and I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes to get in. This was a terrible way to start off the night. When we finally did get in, Steve Aoki was just coming on at 1:30. Later after talking with a few other friends who got in through the guest line, we found out that they only had to pay $70 and they got in at the same time as us. Why did I spend $100 for my ticket to be let in at the same time?. . - The drinks were absolutely terrible and they cost $18+. At one point I just gave up and just ordered a screwdriver, biggest mistake. The OJ was not fresh, it was watered down minute maid garbage. For a club that promotes the best of the best, how do you fuck that up?. . - Water cost $9 and they give you an extremely small bottle. It was the end of the night, I finished my bottle of water but I needed more. After dropping $300 on drinks and closing out, I didn't feel like opening a new tab for another $9 bottle of water. I decided to fill up my bottle in the bathroom and the attendants start griefing me. I throw a dollar in their plate but they say they're going to get security. I've never seen a bathroom attendant freak out over water before in my life. I stopped, apologized, and threw away the bottle, but the attendant walks out with me and tells a security guard what went down. The security gave zero fucks about the water because I threw it away already and I just kept walking. Why are there 4 bathroom attendants in such a small space? Why do they care if you drink tap water from a bottle you already paid for? . . - The layout is completely wack. They close off the dance floor if it gets too crowded and then the people standing at the tables surrounding the dance floor completely block everyone's view. I have no problem with the dance floor being closed off, it's just where do you go once it's closed? Everything is tables everywhere. I actually felt bad for the tables not lined along the dance floor though. Their view was almost completely blocked by people standing on tables, people in between the isles, and pillars that are supporting the structure. The sound also does not carry very well to tables in the back. Be warned, those tables in the back dropped at least $10,000 and they had a blocked view of the stage and the sound was average at best. We tried to see if we could get a better view from the top floor, but the balcony is lined with tables as well. In the end they opened the dance floor back up for Deadmau5 and we were able to go down and watch. . . - Stairs and ramps everywhere. I saw 4 girls slip and fall throughout the night. Two of them were on the ramp going down to the dance floor and the other two slipped on stairs but caught themselves before completely falling. Be careful girls.. . The Good:. -The Talent. In the past 5 years I've seen Steve Aoki a total of 11 times. It's been amazing watching his music and his sets grow to what it is now. It was an epic set and he absolutely killed it. Deadmau5 was also absolutely amazing. He played a lot of new chill tracks for the first hour. Then he put on his gold mousey helm and started rockin with his old stuff. These guys were the only reason to be there.. . -The people there, everyone we met was really friendly and dressed to the 9s/10s.. . -The energy level of the crowd during Aoki's set. But you can get this at any of the top clubs in Vegas.. . Summary:. . The amount of money spent by myself and everyone around us should be more than enough to fix the quality of the drinks, the lines, and the attitudes of the people working there. These are 100% management problems and can easily be corrected. I want to like Hakkasan, I enjoy the idea that there's an upscale club with my favorite artists playing every weekend. But I can't recommend this to anyone. I think we'll wait for a while before returning.. . Side note, we saw Tito Ortiz there. I checked out his Twitter account and it looks like he got the shaft as well with his table service. He waited for an hour, they charged him 40% gratuity, and they didn't let half of his crew in. If a guy like Tito gets bad service, what are you going to get? http://tinyurl.com/qgm5vn5
Me and a few of my friends decided to check out HK this past weekend for Tiesto. We had heard about the new club ever since last year. But I don't believe it lived up to its name. It is a large venue but scale is the only thing it has going for it. There is no intamacy or exclusiveness to it... its just one big hall. I felt as if I was at webster hall in new york and not a vegas nnightclub. Tiesto was great but hk wasn't.
Um, excuse me.... $16 w/o tip for a Long Island??? Holy cow. I cannot believe I paid that much for a single drink. Super disappointed that we were able to hook it up with no cover for girls with a promoter, but... no free drinks? Man, not only is Hakkasan picky about their guests (they pre-screen the girls, wtf?), they're also skimping out on us! I can understand they want to make money from drinks, but $16 is a little bit ridiculous for a drink I can easily make at home (bartender in training right hurr). I still can't believe I spent $18 for a single drink. Luckily, that was the only drink I had to pay for all weekend! . . There's a pretty decently-sized dance floor in the Pavillion (the main dance floor), but don't go upstairs unless you want air or have table service. There's basically no view of the stage from upstairs, but it's a good place to chill and get air before getting back onto the main floor.
Of all the night clubs in Vegas, I have to admit this place is not what I expected at all. I was not impressed by this club. I was really disappointed about this place. Considering this is a new club, I thought this place will surpass Marquee or XS. I was wrong. Marquee and XS are still the best clubs in Vegas. . . First off all, there were no blackjack tables like the other clubs in Vegas. FAIL #1.. No place to get a bit of fresh air. FAIL #2. No re-entry after 12am. You gotta be kidding me. I expect after paying over $150 for my BF and I, we would be able to get out for fresh air and then come back in. FAIL #3.. They do not give out tap water. I had to pay $9 for a small (I mean really small) bottle of water. WTF?! FAIL #4. . Overall, not sure if I would give this place a second chance. If my BF and I will get in free with no cover charge, then that will be the only time I would probably come back here. I expected more. Usually clubs in Vegas, my BF and I will pay $150 for but this place was not worth that much.
Came here for Calvin Harris last weekend. . . My friend and I were on guestlist -- still ended up waiting about 30 mins in line. The club got SUPER SUPER crowded, to the point where you just couldn't walk anywhere. There is absolutely no where to chill too. Who wants to dance for 8 hours straight?! . . Never coming back here.
This review is based solely on the nightclub experience of MDW. I saw Calvin Harris and the show was absolutely fantastic but it was a zoo trying to get in. We all had the pre-paid tickets but it wasn't clear and wasn't organized on where to line up. . . I guess this used to be Studio 54... I'm not impressed with the layout of this place... it's a giant room and felt it was beyond capacity like most Vegas clubs. There was absolutely nowhere to sit and my friend kept on getting told by the security guards not to sit by the bottle service table section. . . The place is not pretty or unique at all... maybe I'm just spoiled by XS but I feel like this place will die down after the fabulous DJ line-up is over.
One word: over-hyped. . . This place was so lame. The layout is absolutely terrible. It's a complete maze trying to find the other rooms. There are 2.5 levels (The top level is kind of a balcony level, which is absolutely pointless to go if you don't have a table since they line up the whole balcony.) . . The bottom floor (floor 3) is the hip-hop room. We thought it was Top 40, which would be SO fun, but it turned out to be ghetto hip-hop. It was way cramped and small (almost the size of Lavo). (To get downstairs, the stairs are just right of the elevators. Don't ask the bouncers, most of them are total douches..). . The main floor, floor 4, which is where you get off of the elevator, is where all of the unse unse music is. This place is meant for ballers with table service. There isn't much room elsewhere. The walkways are tight like Marquee, and I can only imagine how impossible it is to get from one place to another on a full night. I'm still traumatized by the night at Marquee with Kaskade, but that's for another review.. . Even with a great girl-guy ratio, we had to buy tickets ($34 for the guys, $24 for the girls. Lame!!). One plus was that we didn't have to wait in line... Our other option was to be on the guest list, but they wanted PICTURES of the girls...we were like, what the hell?! I really don't like the vibe I get from this place. It was totally not worth the hype. We went to Tao the night before for free with no line either and had an absolute blast.
Sick lights! If not for the lights, this would've been a 1 star review. . . I'm not a crazy club go-er anymore, because I fell into the bandwagon and am now a huge fan of electronic music. I flew into Vegas last week for the Electric Daisy Carnival that took place last Fri-Sun. Anyway, Hakkasan had Dada Life in the house Wednesday night and my girlfriends and I went. We decided not to go on the guestlist because we were sure we couldn't make the guest list end time anyway. Didn't really matter, because both GA ticket and GL lines were 30-40 min long by the time we arrived. By the time we started moving, and I thought we were going somewhere, we finally found ourselves in front of the elevator to the club after getting ID'd three times and scanned three times by three different people in three different parts of the line - wtheck? I felt like a prisoner! . . .. Were in! yay! ugh.. nvm. This place is BEYOND crowded and they allow way more than their "capacity" into the club. We couldn't even INCH through the crowd, and we aren't big girls. This place is also like a maze and incredibly hard to navigate. Their bouncers are also total douches. Oh, you can't walk here, you can't stand there, you can only stand here for 10 min because everyone needs to keep it moving, oh don't sit on the ledge, you should've done table service if you wanted to sit.. blahblahhhhhhh. ugh. We did bottle service the next night at TAO for Dash Berlin, and what, Hakkasan? Fire your damn bouncers. Tao isn't the best, but at least their bouncers don't step all over girls.
Remember when MGM Grand had that ugly lion above the entrance? Well fast forward to $50 bucks to get in to Hakkasan, (Guys would love to get in for that, $125 for them), Long long PRESALE  lines, a long claustrophobic wait from the cashier to the elevator so we can get in (No name on the list? NO CLUB FOR YOU!...I saw incredulous hot girls being turned away). We're finally in! That'sit?!!! This looks like every other club in vegas. Calvin Harris came in around 1:30 am, or so I hear. Was already in bed by that time. My friend's most quotable line that night was, "I'm going to Drink Way to Fun!!!". That pretty much sums up that club. You feel obligated to spend money so you can make yourself have fun. I have had a way better time in a lot of other places in vegas. This place is so overrated. I know there's a lot of people who love it here and would rationalize the entrance fee because they would normally pay $60 to see Tiesto, so the entrance fee and wait time is pretty normal. But I don't feel I should feel pay to have fun here. Fun happens, and I tip them for it. That's vegas. . . Probably won't come back. I came here for a bachelorette party and watching married guys lure married girls into their booths is entertaining for about 10 minutes.  I'm not sure what they will do if people have to get out in a hurry. The only way you can get downstairs is the elevators, which the Elevator Wench won't let you touch until he presses the down button. A little scary in times of emergency. Word of advice, if you have a group of 9 women, take it anywhere else but here. Come back when it's not the hottest club around. The crowd will improve and people will be there for the music and the experience, not so they can say they did.
Take it from a party girl, Hakkasan is "Vegas' commuter club." . . You go to check it out because it's new and some awesome DJ is there, and then you leave when you realize it's not that great. Amazing DJs, but the club itself is an ergonomic fail in design. . . Unless you've bought a VIP table, this club probably isn't for you. Guys that do, you'll have a good time. Girls that don't, not so much. And it's not like most Vegas clubs, where random people meet and start drinking together. The club is not setup for that inviting experience. . . My 4 girlfriends and I went for Tiesto last Friday -- Tiesto was amazing, one of the best sets I've heard from him! .. but we ended up leaving the club before close (which we never do) because of Hakkasan itself. Us girls live for this stuff, and I wish, I wish we could have said something good about it.  . . Where it fails:. . 1) It's missing the experience. . When you walk through Hakkasan, most people you walk by aren`t smiling - it's weird. The reason for this is that the experience is missing. Everyone in a club should be able to experience the ambience and atmosphere of everyone partying and having a good time. Hakkasan doesn't offer this. Unless you're at a VIP table or are willing to get smothered with sweaty bodies on the waaayyy over packed dancefloor, you will not have an enjoyable clubbing experience because you can't see anything! You can't see the DJ in the main room because of the design layout and you'll be stuck wandering in the paths, or dancing in the overflow area. . . 2) You're always looking down because you can't feel comfortable walking around. . First, there's soo many stairs at random levels. Second, the overflow room has raised platforms that are not visible in crowds. As a result, sooo many girls were taking a tumble because of the poor design/lack of  area guards and the bouncers didn't do anything about it. It was ridiculous. Third, the floor pattern is misleading; it gives the illusion that there are white steps when there are not. My girls and I kept thinking that there were steps and we felt like we always had to be cautious. . . 3) If you're not VIP, you'll feel like a second class citizen. For girls, we're usually used to being treated well at Vegas clubs, but because Hakkasan isn't designed for mingling and meeting new people, girls are left behind... without a view of the DJ (not even on a TV screen anywhere), without a single place to sit, and wandering around aimlessly. The result: they leave. Hakkasan is known for girls leaving -- the staff know it and this is why is it Vegas commuter club.. . It doesn't offer us glamorous Vegas nightclub experience and it's really disappointing.  Here's some suggestions to make it better: . . TO THE HAKKASAN OWNERS: . . 1) The Overflow Room. This room offers no experience. You have to remember, people come for DJs, so even if they're not in the main danceroom, you need to give them that experience. Add a massive LCD screen showing the DJ playing along the side with the balcony. Also, you can't have girls falling all over the place! Add barriers to the corner areas of the platform for safety. . . 2) The Waterfall back area. You need to let girls sit here, otherwise they will leave. I get it, the idea is that people have to pay to sit at a club, but this is just ridiculous. You need to let girls rest their feet sometimes. Marqui allows it in certain areas, and so should you! . . 3) Upstairs - small suggestion. If you're not VIP, there is noooo experience up here and therefore, it's a waste of space. Give people the experience. Add some small LCD TVs everywhere, so people can feel the DJ. People will create their own fun in front of the TVs.  . . 4) Upstairs - big suggestion. Because the openings to the VIP booths are opposite to the DJ stage, the guys in the VIP are facing the DJ stage. Therefore, when girls are walking behind, they'll never get noticed. So, I think another tier that is a few steps lower than the VIP area should be wrapped in front for non-VIPs. This way, the guys in VIP will physically"see" girls and tell them to join them AND they'll feel more like VIP with more people seeing them. Also, regular people will actually have a view. . . 5) Dancefloor. Having 2 entrances on the dancefloor at the ends of the stage is inconvenient for exiting. Add two more paths to enter the dancefloor like Marqui. . . These problems may seem petty, but for Vegas, this is exactly what it's all about. Someone(s) missed the mark here. Hakkasan needs some work, big-time. I won't be back unless something changes.
Hmm, what to say about Hakkasan... Well can't really tell you much about the inside due to the fact I couldn't get in; however, I do have some advice for my fellow yelpers and here it goes.. . 1) As expected for a Vegas club be prepared to wait in line wether it be prepaid, guest list, or general admission . 2) If there is a big DJ spinning purchase pre sale tickets (guy tickets sell out before girl tickets). 3) Guest list does not guarantee admission, we were on a guest list after being unable to purchase pre sale male tickets, waited over 2 hours, still had a bit of a line in front of us and were told "you may get in on time to see Calvin Harris". 4) If you see a long line on general admission proceed to the nearest exit and find another club to go to. 5) If you just so happen to be a baller, this is one of those times it would be worth throwing down some extra dough to save yourself the headache. . As for my night at Hakkasan, I was really looking forward to seeing Calvin Harris here on my first night in Vegas, as a matter of fact I was planning on proposing to him just because I love him that much haha. However, my dreams where ruined after waiting over 2 hours and deciding to go somewhere where we could enjoy a party from the inside instead of the line. As per many Yelpers recommendations my friends and I went to XS, end up seeing Rusko and had a blast!
TIME FOR A REAL REVIEW:. . A bit skeptical about visiting this behemoth of a club and NGL didn't hear the best things about it but I've partied at some of the major clubs across the nation and had to check it out at least once.. CLUB reviews consist of 5 stars for each of the following:. . LINE:. **some creepy single asian cat was the first to get there, he had his ticket and was SOLO DOLO the entire time. I later saw him inside the club CREEPPIN' .. not even talking to females just.... staring.. . creeped me out so much that I honestly covered my drink everytime I walked past him in fear of being drugged and taken advantage of later on that evening.. . Before we got in the bouncers were arguing with each other outside about which line to let in first and they didn't know WTF was going on/happening. Unprofessional to say the least but we got in rather quickly and they didn't check several peoples tickets/ID, etc. not like I care, we're all well over the legal drinking age. -1.. . DJ:. Tiesto was like $100 on Saturday. I've seen that foreign GOON spin a hundred times and he's got mad skills on the 1's and 2's don't get me wrong.. but $100 to see him again? #NTY.. Tommy Trash on a Thursday, why not? . . Mr. Trash ear-fu*ked all of us harder than 14-year olds getting ready to lose their V-card. This cat THREW DOWN. Mash-ups of In My Mind, Reload, Tommy Trash is a certified GOON in my book. Props sir, I left absolutely... TRASHED!! +1.. . DRINKS:. What do you expect? Normal Vegas prices. I bought a bottle of Fiji water, it was the smallest bottle that the brand makes and it was also the most expensive. $9 for what seemed like 8-9ounces of free liquid. -1.. . GIRLS:. Honestly, Hakkasan is so massive, such a mega-club that it attracts so many foreigners. Foreigners in a TERRIBLE way, not a good way. Broads with messed up teeth, smelled like they showered twice a week (because thats the norm where the're from), broads with body hair, and accents thicker than bulletproof glass. -1. . DECOR:. I must applaud the decor. The mega structure hovering overhead is a dazzling display of LED lights, fog machines, confetti streamers, and a huge light wall. The brilliantly choreographed visual displays inside this club are truly one of a kind. +1.. . I don' think i'll be back. Too big, too much. Too overpriced, too many lines. Not enough normal females, or bathrooms.. . deuces
The staff and management here suck. The first time i came was memorial day weekend. I had texted all the hakkasan promoters and they basically were pretty much unwilling to help. They told me to go early and buy tickets at the door. So I went early (8:30 pm). They told us to wait so we did, while the presale ticket people just zoomed by. When asked, the staff said she was only in charge of presale and she did not know anything about our line. Really? your company is that disorganized? Anyway 2 hrs later our line still did not move at all. When asked they said we will get in shortly and that price to get in would be 150. At that point, I was already fed up. presale ticket was 75 and they were in the club 2 hrs before I was. I was not going to wait another 2 hr and pay twice as much as someone else, so I just left.. . I came this past weekend for Tiesto only. I repeat, I only gave this place a second chance because of tiesto. having learned from last time, I made sure I got the presale tickets. Again the staff at the front of the line were rude. They didn't seem like they wanted you there, but at least I didnt have to wait in a three hr line to get in this time. They scanned my ticket and I was in within 2 minutes. Then I was led to a line for the elevator. At that time, I did not know I was waiting for the elevators, I thought I was in another line to get in the club. A girl in front of me had to ask the staff if she could use the stairs and my group followed. This is awful. No body even said stairs were an option, the staff just assumed and shoveled us to the huge line for the elevator. Had it not been for the girl in front of me asking, I would have been stuck waiting. Tip for all those thinking of going, just take the stairs. If your not actually disabled, you can climb three flights. Sure beats waiting.. . Inside there is a floor for hip hop music (Its called Ling Ling). This was great because it was less crowded so I could get my drinks and dance to some hip hop before seeing Tiesto. . . After we were done with that, we went to the main electro floor. It was super packed here and you could barely move. so it was hard to dance.. . Id say the only good thing about this place is the actual club and the resident DJs. The club is nice and high end. The music was great due to the awesome DJs (tiesto, calvin harris to name a few). But thats pretty much all i liked about hakkasan. . . Will i come here again? probably not, unless my group of friends wanted to, or it was on a day my favorite DJs were playing. The two stars here are for the club design/feel and DJs only. Management and experience pretty much sucked. This place definitely needs a redo in staff. For a high end place, i expect more. For people looking to have a good time go else where. if you dont care about experience or willing to endure suffering, this place is perfect for you.
Overrated, No where to stand and decor was lacking..... My friends and I were truly disappointed. Do yourself a favor, regardless of the talent, hit Light, Marquee, XS, TAO...any place but here
Ok! So the music was great!!! Had fun dancing the whole night, but unless you plan on getting bottle service then you won't be able to see the stage. Drinks are very expensive.
This is a relatively new club in Vegas that opened with great fanfare.  I still find the club scene in Vegas to be simply crazy - I'm not sure why, but here the concept of money/value isn't something people think of at all.  The whole "bottle service" concept is a complete rip-off and yields massive profits for the clubs.  On the night we went, prime tables for DeadMau5 were going for $4k - that is simply insane.. . Back to Hakkasan:. My biggest problem with this club is the layout - each level has an odd layout.  Just finding your way around can be a challenge.  The DJ's were great (DeadMau5 was amazing - you need to check him out anywhere he plays) and I found the service by all of the staff to be very good - the security were not arrogant pricks.  . . There is tons of club competition in Vegas and MGM is spending a fortune to lock up high-end DJ talent in the city.  Given the layout of the club however, I'm not sure that bet will pay off for them.
Goodness gracious ! . . Getting in was not a problem, in fact we were lucky to be comped 2 bottles and placed right next to deadmau5 dj arena! We drank the two bottles and were getting shimmy to the left and then eventually other people took over. . I later was accused by a bartender who i earlier had complimented on how nice she looked (which i never do) ! She blamed me for being the girl she told apparently 3 x not to sit at a certain area of the table! . . I was than kicked out of the table and i pulled the rest of the girls with me! It was soo annoying! . . On top of that they over pact the club so going to the restroom alone, was as if we were in a sardine can, it was just plane terrible!
Ugh... cramped quarters with the bizarre pool table room, hip hop room and large DJ area. Came to see Tiesto and maybe it was the crowd with a few serious douchebags... Tiesto killed it though so props to him. Probably wouldn't be back unless it was to see Calvin Harris. Hopefully they can make some changes on capacity and $9 for a mini bottle of Fiji. Meh overall
The hype about this place was why I came here. Even though, I am not a fan of EDC music, I wish I knew where the hip hop room was...because I walked to all of the areas and it was all trance music...ladies heels weren't fun walking up and down all those stairs.... . The line wasn't too bad, and no need to pay for pre-tickets if you find a promoter unless it is a popular DJ or celebrity. But the line went quickly, just waiting for the elevator is what made the line feel long. . . I would suggest to not buy drinks there $15 per person that is all watered down...I think they need to do the same thing that TGIF got caught for...Not worth the money. However, if you get a table, then it is a different story. The service is great.. . The club reminded me of Studio 54 and not really much changes. I did like that they had a outdoor area where there are standing tables to talk and relax and maybe sit on some of the rocks to take off the heels for a bit and heal up a little from the excruciating pain from blisters.... . I do want to thank you to the group, Rudy's, that let us sit and drink with them! They were so sweet to let a lot of girls sit down when our heels were killing us. =] Much appreciated! . . Overall, if you get a table maybe I would go back, but I don't think I would recommend coming here. Iwould still go to Tao, Surrender or XS.. . *I love the foam thingy that lights up though.. **Don't go too late...valet was closed for only check-in.
Hakkasan is the new, hot club in Vegas right now. And I'll I gotta say about it is... MEH! There's nothing special about the club that makes it stand out to remind me I'm partying it up in Vegas! Marquee, has their fabulous pool & water booths. Tryst has a waterfall. XS also has a pool plus casino tables outside.... In Hakkasan, I felt like I was still in Toronto. But on the upside, at least I can say, "BEEN THERE! DONE THAT!"
Let me start by saying that I recognize that I am too old for this kind of establishment, so take that into account when reading.. Came here 2 nights ago for a bachelorette party.  We were on some VIP list, which never really means anything in my opinion, but somehow we made it into this ENORMOUS and overwhelming club with little waiting and no cover.  Tiesto was spinning that night and my understanding is that that is kind of a big deal.  Well, Tiesto may be all the rage, but if the club is SOOOO crowded that you can't move, walk or dance, then in my opinoin, Who the EFF cares who is spinning??  . Anyway, I spent most of my time standing in line, walking in a line or waiting for elevators while at Hakkasan, so I can't say it was a good experience, but I will say that on the 3rd floor, where they play hip hop and 90's music it was a little less crowded and a little less stupid.  Had I spent most of time there and disregarded Tiesto on the 4th floor, my rating would likely be higher.
If you're looking for a place to socialize and do more than move within a 1 ft radius and get rained on by confetti paper - I would go elsewhere.  I am open to trying it out again, possibly because I just went on a crowded night or had a bad experience ... but I really didn't see what all the hype was about. It was loud, way too packed, and not all that fun.  IMO clubs like XS and Tryst will never be outdone in Las Vegas.
I'm giving this club two stars based off of the look and design. It's pretty tight! But other than that I had the worse time here. They say that dress code is extremely enforced. Why am I seeing guys and friken tennis shoes. I totally could have worn flats instead of the uncomfortable heels I was in. And the only seating they have available is for reserve only so your expected to Stand the whole entire time. When my boyfriend went up to buy a drink it was 14 dollars and he gave the bartender a 20 and didn't even give him his change back. WTF?!? Just because u work in a snazzy Las Vegas nightclub doesn't mean you can take people's change as your tip! Really rude!!! I will never come back.
Ugh. Hakkasan is one of those cases when I've learned to trust my apprehensive instinct of not going to this kind of places instead of paying an extra amount of money to check it out of curiosity.  For it's price, it's an extremely over hyped club that requires you to spend quite a bit of money in order to truly have 'fun'. First off, for so many stairs to walk around, I understand why there are absolutely NO places to sit down/rest (unless you have table service) Even when my friends and I managed to find an area to chill or to take off our heels, there are guards on your case to wear your shoes and back on the dance floor... Really? . Despite all the electronic music up on the main floor, I actually enjoyed being down at the hip hop room but did not appreciate the trek going up and down the stairs... . Despite the guards telling you to stand up, most of them were pretty nice and welcoming when we entered in the club. . . Word of advice for girls: Unless you have table service, be sure to have an extra pair of flats to wear because taking off your heels to rest your feet will not cut it! Better yet, go somewhere else..like Marquee or Light to satisfy your clubbing experience!. . Word of advice for guys: Take a moment to SERIOUSLY consider whether it's worth your money to pay nearly $100 to get in, for a DJ that's probably over-hyped at this point.
HAKKASAN IS CRACKIN', always. Not gunna lie, it's the hottest club in Vegas and Tiesto tears shit up all the time. The crowd is massive and so is the club. If you're into PACKED ass sweaty clubs, this is the place to be. I'm sure hakkasan will be WAY better once the hype dies down. . . Venue wise, it's a dungeon. There's multiple sections, but I'm not into that shit. I like it when I can see the whole crowd and get excited at how many people there are. NO JOKE this place was WAY too packed when I went during memorial weekend. I mean like you're lucky if you don't have a bruise on your head. Plus everyone ison something so you're gunna be pushed around by people that don't know they're elbowing the shit out of you. . . Hakkasan bought out Tiesto and Deadmau5 which is tight, but how can you enjoy yourself if you can't even move? . . The history of how this club opened in MGM grand is pretty cool though. Supposedly the guy that opened it pushed unlimited funding into the club to make it the hottest club ever. Don't know the exact story, but i remember it was pretty interesting.. . ANYHOW, GOOD CLUB. GOOD MUSIC, SUPER POPPIN and very CRACKIN'. But you're gunna be pissed if you're not SUPER intoxicated with something. I mean even if you were, you'd prob be super irritated. Anyhow, i love hakkasan, but only because we got a table. But when I tried going to the dancefloor i wasted an hour trying to get back to my table. Just speakng for those that aren't gunna get a table..um good luck. The maze is purty intense yo.
Hakkasan. Well this was my experience. I'm a club promoter so I got in for free and had a table. Still I feel like my wallet got raped. Miserable bartenders, obscene prices, and BY FAR the most pretentious idiots I've ever met. One creep in particular wouldn't keep his distance, so I called him an "unspeakable" name. In return, he made an ass of himself trying to get me thrown out of the club for rejecting him! In return he was thrown out for being a belligerent idiot. Kudos to the bouncer:) Over crowded, over priced, there is far better in town. Save your sanity and go elsewhere.
I would have given this place 3 stars under a normal situation but 3 of the 5 girls had their phone stolen. While this is no fault of Hakkasan it's just a mood killer. Closed purses was no match for the thieves so girls beware. . The club itself is kind of a crazy shit show and you cannot walk around at all and it's so freaking crowded. You'll be dancing up on guys and girls of all kinda bc there's no space. The club itself is cool but it's just too small
I'll just put it upfront.  Given all the hype about Hakkasan and how it was going to be the Vegas club to shut down all other Vegas clubs (you can Google the story about the bitter rich guy that got shut down for a table and vowed to destroy everyone else), Hakkasan just doesn't meet the hype.. . Getting in itself is a pain in the ass for a multitude of reasons.  First off, Hakkasan's in that "we're the new hot new club, let's gouge everyone to death" cover mode.  $100 for guys on a big weekend is borderline obscene.  But hey, they know can get away with it with suckers like me, so until some other new badass club comes around, that's just how it's going to be.  Second, if you don't actually have a ticket beforehand, good luck getting in.  Third, even you have your ticket or your name on a guest list, have fun with that wait.  Luckily for me, I have all angles covered so this usually isn't a problem for me.. . Once you're in, layout is fairly simplistic.  Third floor is the hip-hop floor.  Fourth floor is the main/EDM floor.  Fifth floor is just a balcony floor overlooking the main floor.  The outside area is located...oh wait, there's no outside area here?  You spent $200 million on the alleged "best" club in Las Vegas and you don't even have an outside area?  What kinda fail is this?. . And this leads to the biggest issue of Hakkasan: it's just way overcrowded.  Obviously they need to make their money back because they spent a ridiculous amount to build the place, then an even more obscene amount to get the top DJs to establish residency.  But that's the problem, Hakkasan was clearly built to cater to those that get a table.  You look around the entire dance floor, it's filled up with tables.  You look at the fifth floor, the best (and realistically, only) views of the stage are if you have a table.  . . For us mere mortals that go there every other week and aren't hood rich, you can't even move.  Being on the dance floor for Hardwell, I swear the most valuable commodity available is space.  Can't even really call it dancing at that point, it's just straight up being packed like sardines and MAYBE move around listlessly if you're lucky.  No wonder all these people are getting their phones and wallets jacked, you're pretty much a sitting duck.  Don't even get me start with the fact that the stairs leading down to the dance floor are just a hot mess once the main event act shows up.. . For my beating house music heart, the only reason I'd ever come here is because Tiesto, Hardwell, or Calvin Harris is playing.  I suppose the good thing about residency is that you know they're going to play here regularly, but heyyyy the costs get passed down to us.  And seriously, the light wall holds no candle to Marquee or Light, if you can even call it a light wall.. . I'm not gonna declare that I'd never come here again because I'm too much of a fanboy for Hardwell and Calvin Harris.  But I'd much rather go to Marquee, XS, or Light, unless someone I really have to see is playing.  All the other stuff isn't worth the crap I have to go through for the entire night to see one of my favorite artists playing.
My phone was stolen there. Seems like a lot of girls' phones were. I can actually pinpoint the moment that I think it happened. The area in front of the DJ was beyond crowded and a small girl bumped into me while I was holding a drink. My vodka soda spilled and she looked at me with a blank look on her face and said "you spilled your drink on me" about 10 times and wouldn't let me walk away for ~30 seconds. Then she just turned around and disappeared into the crowd. When I checked for my phone 5 minutes later, it was no longer in my purse (I knew I had it 10 minutes before the incident because I had just sent a text before getting a drink).  Anyway, kinda put a damper on the night. The music (Tiesto) was decent. . . In my opinion it's way to crowded on the main floor.  They should do a bit of crowd control to ensure a more pleasant experience for their patrons.
It's huge, beautiful, and has the best roster of DJs in town. But with that comes a cesspool of clientele who will steal your phones and wallets. I was not alone this particular night--my 2 friends also got their phone stolen.. . I went on a Sunday for Tiesto and then the following Thursday for Bingo Players. Both had awesome sets if you are into that, but towards the end of the night during Bingo Players, I noticed my clutch was a bit lighter. Since there are so many people on this dancefloor, someone unzipped my purse and snatched my phone and I was none the wiser. . . Of the disorienting nightclubs in Las Vegas, I have to say that this one wins the award for most intentionally confusing. There are only about 500 stairs in the whole building, making all the levels and stories so confusing that you have to utilize all your spatial recognition skills that you learned about in Psych 101. . . Like I said, it's got the best DJ roster in all of Vegas, but it's not worth it if your phone is going to get stolen and nothing can be done about it.
Amazing venue with multiple floors, genres, and great lighting but the staff, crowd, and pricing leave much to be offered. . . We were there for Hardwell last weekend. My friends and I paid $30 presale (a great deal for this kind of club in Vegas but not worth the trouble we had to go through). We could barely move there were so many people. The line was ridiculously long and the staff were clearly frustrated and not happy to deal with any form of customer service. Did I mention $18 drinks? Yes, you read that right. If you're dehydrated from breathing all that sweaty air it's $8 for a kids-sized Fiji water. . . If mega clubs are your thing and you're willing to deal with the hustle and pay big money give it a shot. Me personally I'll be taking my business elsewhere next time I'm in town.
Eh
Ugh, too small, too tight, too crowded, and WAY over hyped and over rated. . . And the people there the night I went were rude! . . The decor wasn't even that amazing. So many HK logos everywhere it was almost douche-y. . . Also, the bathroom was hard to find!. . Lets just say, I don't plan on coming back to Hakkasan in my future Vegas trips. . But, I did have a good night overall because its the people you're with that matter =)
Meh... It's kinda a hype right now bc it just opened... Reminds me if Tao at it's prime. Smaller level an just crrraaaaammmed with people. Barely any room to dance, DjS were good but what's the point when you can't move?. . I'm not sure if its worth going to...
I'll start by saying; it took a while for me to write this review. Yelps description of a 2 star place pretty much sums it up, "Meh. I've experienced better". As I'm getting older, I'm turning more into an economist than a club goer. The design of the club is set up perfectly for MGM Grand to cash in on the lucrative VIP table service product. I wouldn't doubt that it makes more revenue per square foot than any other establishment on the strip. Their goal is clearly to steer the customer into buying a table, as it is nearly impossible to hangout within the club unless you have one. With so many tables crammed into every inch of the place (many without a view of the DJ booth or dance floor), there is less room for the reason why people go a nightclub, to dance. As well, I don't understand how other Yelpers can call this place "huge". Take out half the VIP tables, expand the dance floor, and only then you can call it big. I grew up seeing these type DJs in warehouses, afterhours clubs, and raves long before it was called EDM. Those types of places you can call "huge". Personally, I didn't like the decor or sound system as much as the other strip night clubs. I'd be shocked if it beats out Marquee or XS in DJ Magazine's Top 100 Clubs in 2014.. . A couple tips if you must go here: . Get your tickets ahead of time. If you're staying at the MGM Grand talk to whoever is handling your reservation to set you up free ones. I'm not a high roller and have a penis, yet I pulled it off on a night the Bingo Players were spinning. It can happen, just ask around and plan ahead of time. . When checking in, request your room on the West Wing part of the hotel. It is the shortest walk to and from the club (also the shortest to the front doors out to the strip). The stairs are pain in here, no sense in making things worse on the walk back to your room.. Absolutely check out the hip-hop room. It reminds me of when clubs were clubs: low ceilings, thugged out women, and bass driven music.. If you buy a table, make sure it doesn't have a view of a wall. Many do. Request one on the dance floor or in the balcony that overlooks the dance floor. You won't be disappointed with these tables.. . Everything else equal here in Vegas, you'll find the typical douche bag bouncers, trust fund schmucks, and over priced drinks. Good for MGM's piggy bank, bad for people who actually want to dance to their favorite EDM DJ.
Meh. Did not live up to the hype, no better than an average club. . . If you don't have a table, don't even bother going. Yes, it's a huge club, but it's almost ALL tables. The dance floor is pretty small and of course it's overcrowded. . . Do NOT pay the outrageous covers. Save your money for LIGHT - easily a better club than Hakkasan. . Ladies can easily jump on to some rich dude's tables, the promoters are pretty good at making sure you have a good time in that respect. I'd hate to be a guy here though. . Just...meh.
This place is so overrated. It felt really cramped, because there's no outside area. We literally wandered around in circles for hours because there's no where for you to go. Since it's so new, they're very strict on rules. There's absolutely NO WHERE to sit, which isn't unusual for a club in Las Vegas, but even in places like Surrender and Marquee, you can usually find something/somewhere to sit. This place also felt like it had a strange crowd. I'm not sure why, but something about Hakkasan felt off.. . Honestly, I don't think I'd ever come back here. XS and Marquee are way better.. . Oh, also a bunch of people have told me that people here will steal your stuff when you're in the more crowded areas, so be careful of that.
Hakkasan tries to compete with the big two clubs in Vegas right now. Marquee and XS. In a way, it does, but in another way, it's your typical Vegas club just magnified 10x.. . While it didn't have as many stairs as Marquee, there were still quite a few. Granted, there were a bunch of rooms playing any type of music you wanted and I guess you can't be taking the elevator all day with those many people.. . Suffice to say, it's layout isn't as good as XS which has that gigantic open area with no stairs. On the flipside, XS can get packed enough where you have to wade through the pool just to get out.. . Both a downside and upside of Hakkasan is they don't close off the main dancefloor. Marquee and XS will have security shooing you away. Hakkasan did not the day I went. However, while you can make your way to the floor, you're packed like sardines.. . Also, $100 for Calvin Harris? C'mon. Really? I've paid less for Kaskade and Avicii in Vegas.
Dear Lord! Where do I start... Waited in line for over 2 hours, the staff opened up another line to give priority to those who were willing to cough-up a few extra bucks, finally got in and we had to take several flights of stairs (mind you, we were wearing heels). $5 tap water, believe it or not. There was no place to sit, no place to actually dance (crowded dance floors), and every EXIT was blocked off. LV's fire marshal needs to inspect this place ASAP! Giving them two stars for playing some hip hop music and for not over-charging us that night considering it was 4th of July.
So this is a review that made me create my yelp account. I was really excited to visit HKLV so i bought pre sale tickets online for a reasonable 35$ Thursday NERVO show for me and four friends.  I read a lot of reviews here and went with my gut-instinct that told me "you can't base your decisions of what some people think, just go and form your opinion".. . I was disappointed in Hakkasan.  Although entry was very quick, that was probably the best part of my experience.  You ride an elevator and enter into the space, and yes, you immediately recognize that the dance floor is big.  Then you notice how dark the club is, with its weird grey alien ship like interior.  A quick stroll reveals the second floor to offer great views for those with table service, and not for general admission.  It is cool to see the main table room where you can observe from up high, but that gets old quick.. Atrip to the Ling Ling Lounge reveals a very small, perfectly square room with tables on the outside and some kind of tiny common lounge dancefloor space ish in the middle and a bar at one end.  you are forced to walk in a circle around the club, and are either put back into the cycle, or are ejected out.  we were in there for 10 minutes at most.. It becomes underwhelming fast, especially when you compare it to XS or Marquee - which both offer outdoor integration, pools, lots of room to explore, and at XS, gambling!. . If you absolutely HAVE to see a dj there, then go and see the club - but by no means would I ever pay the 75$ pre sales ticket price for a friday or saturday, no matter who was playing, not even dada life or deadmau5.. . I thought this would really live up to the hype, but it didn't at all, and only left me loving XS more than ever, which I never would have thought possible.
First off I would like to say that this place has great DJs and a great light show set up.. .  However there are many reasons why I would not want to come back to this club. I have been to many clubs in Las Vegas including Marque, XS, Tao, and lights. I have been to Vegas 10 times in the past 3 years so I know the pros and cons of clubs. . . First: The bouncers are not friendly. I try to start a conversation and I will be ignored and they are not polite at all. . . Second: The venue is really crowded with no standing room. If you do not have bottle service then this place is not for you.  . . Third: Water is 8 dollars and you guys don't offer tap water? I just spent 100 dollars on drinks and I can't even get a glass of water?. . It is still a nice and amazing looking club but it would not be my first choice in Vegas.
Just wanted to update my review after the apologetic response I got from Hakkasan management. Though the service the night of was definitely poor, I do hand it to the team for reaching out personally to everyone who complains. I'm a huge customer service girl so that meant a lot to me. Hopefully I'll have the chance to return and the experience will have improved so much that they'll get a couple more stars on top of these two!
We went to hakkasan on a Saturday night during the canelo vs may weather fight.  This place was jam packed with a classy bunch of people.  We were able to get in by showing up early around 9ish.  The $125 cover for guys and $50 for girls was steep.   . . Calvin Harris played a little bit at the show but it was mainly another DJ that looked like Calvin harris.  They lights and music levels were high quality.  Getting to the dance floor was waytoo crammed and it could take 15 min to move around in the club.  . . The club was nice but way overpriced and overcrowded.  . The marquee is definitely better than hakkasan.  would not pay anywhere near that amount for the hakkassan again.  but you never know unless you play the game !
Not a fan of Hakkasan. The bouncers are PARTICULARLY strict and unreasonable. Not only did I experience it but MANY different friends on different occasions did as well. . . The club itself is small. Hakkasan is like the new Marquee. They have a Hip Hop room as well as the "Ling Ling room" which looks kind of like the restaurant part of their business converted into a club at night? No idea I haven't eaten there. The only plus is that Hakkasan has multiple restrooms...
Not impressed. Like every club it's beautifully designed (aside from the fact that the stuff hanging from the ceiling obscures some of the lighting effects, but that's negligible). But the main issue is the experience.... . Most people complain about the stairs but I'm going to complain about the layout and # of tables. Because seriously, unless you get a table, you're not going to get a glimpse of whoever is DJing unless you smash yourself up on the main dance floor. I would say this club is 90%  tables and 10% walking/dancing space-- ridiculous. I'm used to the pushing and shoving and what not but seriously, it's never taken me a whopping 30 minutes to move 3 yards into the dance floor.. . I'm sure I would have had a better time here if I got table service but I'll take my pushing/shoving somewhere where I don't see tables every corner I turn.. . (PS. I believe the drinks here are more expensive than the already expensive Vegas drinks. So... pregame hard)
