You get what you pay for.. . I just needed to a place to crash for the night, and the $60 room in the Carlton Suites sounded fine.. . Of course, it was older, and not exactly what you'd call luxurious - but the bed was comfy.. . However; the window heater was basically broken and make LOUD clicking sounds whenever it started up. The toilet also ran loudly every six minutes or so (yes, I timed it).  Fortunately, I had earplugs with me. . . The two real downsides?. The registration for the Carlton Towers was closed, making me walk with all of my luggage over to the other tower to register - and then back to the Carlton towers - a bit of a hike when you have luggage, and there was no offer of help with that. Serious drag. I suppose that if I had valet parked my car, this wouldn't have been an issue - but I don't trust valets.. . Also - and more important; the bathroom was not clean.. Black mold in the showers. Scuff marks on the floor and on the side(!) of the sink. There were rings from drink glasses on the nightstand and vanity. Not like white water marks on the wood, but actual rings from soda or something. Hello? Housekeeping??. . I have been told that the newer towers are much nicer, and I'd be willing to try them out.. . The whole place is right in the heart of Fremont Street - so if that's your scene, this is the place to stay. . . If you're a college kid who just doesn't really care about things being super clean, or are on a seriously tight budget, then I'd consider the Carlton Tower; otherwise, I'd look at other options.
Ugh. Downtown hotels. I don't know any other sentiment is good for this place. I'm sure if you come here to gamble or have cheap eats, you would enjoy this place a lot with their $4.99 late night steak specials and $1 minimum black jack tables, but as far as the quality of your stay goes, it goes without saying that this is not your Vegas.. . Although I agree with some reviewers that this place is one of the classier places in Las Vegas, if you're seeking out a cheap room during CES, you should be prepared to pay $$$ for a * location, * bed, * shower and swimming in smoke in your short trip from the elevator to the exit. . . The rooms have this nice moldy stench, and kind of leaves you feeling icky like you stayed at a really random Motel 6 middle of nowhere and you're not too sure if the black stain in the floor was a stale piece of gum left there for years. Bleh.
When you walk inside the Golden Nugget, you would completely forget that you're actually on Fremont Street in Downtown Vegas and it's because they really try and keep up with the casinos on The Strip. However, the main reason I go downtown is to look for a $5 BJ table, and the Golden Nugget fails to deliver on that. Because they are trying to keep their status as the nicest hotel and casino on Fremont, that also means their table limits are higher, almost comparable to places like MGM Grand and the Mandalay Bay, but not as high as the Wynn and Bellagio.. . So...there's no way I'll ever want to stay downtown, and Golden Nugget doesn't seem to fit my bill of cheap, degenerate gambling, I probably won't be coming back to stay or play. But check out that giant gold nugget they have in the hotel if you're passing through.
Some rough around the edges problems here, but overall an interesting location.  Why only two stars?  Well the smoke smell is pervasive and disgusting.  The casino floor is jam packed and not large enough to navigate through, so it feels like a rat maze.. . The restaurants are a redeeming quality though.  Good food, good prices, and good service at the in-hotel restaurants.  . . Warning:  The neighborhood and indeed Freemont street itself are clearly crime-ridden, depressed, old, etc.  They are going theatrical to hang on..but look, this is NOT the strip.  Just not my cup of tea.
The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because it has an awesome pool area! A tank filled with sharks, great poolside blackjack tables, jacuzzi, and even a big-ass water slide! The locals even have to pay $20 to get in to this pool area if you are not a guest. The rest of the place is GRIMY! downtown Las Vegas is gross and filthy as it is. The only cool thing about it is the light show that goes on every half hour till midnight, then after it is ghost town and crackhead central. They should advise you to get a tetnis shot after being downtown and the golden nugget itself. If you want to take a cab to the Las Vegas Strip, where all the action is, it is AT LEAST a $20 cab ride... if I were to go here again, it would only be in the summer time, because of the pool, other than that.... never again. Golden nuggett eat me! might be a decent hotel if in better area...
For me, it's a little strange to hear how great the Golden Nugget is. I went to the buffet and it gave me indigestion. I played their slot games and they were not paying me. I looked at their tables and they were way too high to be downtown. I thought the decor really simple and classic. The pool is without a doubt *epic*. But Golden Nugget to me is not worth the expense. Yes, I would stay at any ol' clean hotel in Dingy Old Downtown before Golden Nugget.
A group of us arrived at the Golden Nugget wed night, and went to check in; both of our reservations were messed up. I was in the Gold Tower and it should have been a nonsmoking room, and my friends where in another tower and theirs should have a king nonsmoking room. The front desk didn't seem to care that we did not get what we asked for and when making the reservation, like most of you know have to pay for your 1st night. Well just because you paid your 1st night that does not give you what you paid for. Was told since we checked in after 10 that is why the nonsmoking rooms are gone, due to people coming and renting rooms. WOW really?  Was placed on the 2nd floor in the gold tower and was placed in a room with a great view of the back of Golden Nugget sign on for Freemont st,,,,yea that rocked.     The staff was unfriendly and not very helpful. It felt like the "if you don't like it you can leave" attitude was displayed by the entire staff.  The room was nice other than the view, there was no need to even open the window.  That was my 1st time staying at the Golden Nugget and mostly my last.   But on the plus side  The Tank rocked, however little disgusted with that fact that you have to rent chairs by the pool when its already only hotel guest that can get into the Tank.  The shark tank is very cool and the pool that wraps around it is nice, enjoyed watching the fish, friends went on the slide through the shark tank that was good times.
Booked a non-smoking room.  Upon arrival I was told that there were no more non-smoking rooms available.  Apparently all the non-smoking rooms were given away the day before.  They said the smoking rooms would be deodorized and we would be able to move to another room the next day.  They went on to say that we should have booked using the guarantee upgrade.  For $30 more they would guarantee we would have a non-smoking room.  What kind of the BS is this? I have to pay extra to insure I don't get a room that smells like an astray?  . . Go to the room and it did indeed smell like an astray (20 solid years of smoking I'd say).  Housekeeping eventually came up and deodorized the room, but in honesty it did very little to mask the smell of cigarettes.  In a couple hours the room smelled just as bad as when we first walked in.  We ended up going to a Walgreens and buying air fresheners and deodorizers.  I really cant overstate how bad it reeked of cigarettes.  I've stayed in plenty of smoking rooms over the years and this was definitely the worst.  . . Called downstairs the following morning, couldn't get through to anyone at the front desk.  Called a few more times and eventually left a message with the front desk regarding a room change.  Never heard back from the front desk about the room change.  Stayed another night in the astray and left early never looking back.  . . Needless to say we will not be coming back to stay at Golden Nugget.  I'll stick to the better hotels on the strip where customer service is golden.
I have very mixed feelings about this hotel after my last stay with them this past weekend.  I have been a regular guest at this hotel for the past 5 years and have chosen to stay there because I always felt safe.  I travel alone often and this hotel has always met my needs for privacy and comfort.  I was very disappointed with the staff on this last trip however.. . When charging items to a room they would ask for your room number and last name out loud and most guests would respond aloud not thinking twice about it.  I know that there are crazy people out there who would take advantage of such information.  When I was asked for my room number ad last name I simply handed the waitress my Guest Services card which told her what she needed to know.  She gave me a hard time about it and asked me again.  I explained to her that I would not reveal my last name and room number aloud and she had everything she needed in her hand.  The hotel purposely gives guests such a card to use for such an occasion.  Afterwards I was so bothered by this encounter I called to speak with the Guest Services manager.  I was told he was on the other line and he would call me back.  I left a message as to what the conversation was regarding and left my cell phone number in case I was out of my room.  NEVER HEARD FROM THE GUY!  . . I am not one to rant and rave about issues.  In fact, I tend to be positive about places I visit/stay but this really upsets me!  How can you completely ignore a call from a guest who is worried about her privacy??   I am so disappointed in the service I received.. . I do think the Casino is nice along with the food and pool.  It is nice to be on Fremont street without all the noise in the room.  I would have gladly given this hotel 5 stars had the Guest Services Manager simply called me back.  I just wanted to make him aware of the the privacy inconsistencies is all.  Very disappointed.
Costomer service experiences since arrival:. * The Hide-a-Way bar was closed today due to short-staffing, but no one took the initiative to post a notice to guests.. * I called the front desk to ask for pick-up service for dry cleaning. There was an annoyed, "that's the bell hop, I'll transfer you." I was then transferred to what sounded like the bell hop manager's desk line, "you've reached so-n-so, please note my hours are Monday and Tuesday mornings, Wednesday late evenings...". * When manually calling the bell hop at noon for next-day dry cleaning service, got "same-day service has gone out today. You had to get it picked up by 9:30am." This is Vegas, who is up that early? I asked if they could pick it up for the next day so I wouldn't oversleep the deadline and they huffingly said they'd send someone.. * Don't try to take the towels out of the pool area. "That's Laundry's policy." Who is this unreasonable "Laundry" who gets their kicks from freezing cold people dashing mostly naked through hotels?. * Like some third world country, wireless is NOT considered a basic service. It'll set you back $12 per day.. * Their gym (which is probably piss-poor anyway) is $20 per day. . . Besides poor customer service, the place really isn't that bad. Rooms are pretty clean, but the Rush Tower is worth the steeper nightly rate.
The Nugget has a lot of problems. A lot of the staff seem jaded and rude(which is not unusual in Vegas). There is a 50/50 split on dealers. Some of the pit are very charismatic and friendly, but some hate their jobs and the customers. . . Pros=. . Poker Room-The dealers at the poker room are the finest dealers in the casino. Very friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful. . . The Valet- It's free. They treat you like you are at the Ritz. They call you sir, they work hard, and speak in that sophisticated tone that you would expect from a full service hotel.  They are also very knowledgeable of the whole valley area. If you need directions to Red Rock Canyon or the Boulder Strip, they will know the shortest route. I always leave them a giant tip. . . Cons= Casino Host. Casino Marketing. Floor Supervisors. Management in General. These cheapo managers don't comp players unless they are staying at the hotel. That means if you are just a local who wants to come here and play, you get Nothing! You can bet $25 a hand for 16 hours and you get NOTHING! You can bet $100 a hand for 16 hours and you still get NOTHING! You get nothing unless you are a guest in the hotel! . . Remember at the end of the movie "Casino", Sam Rothstein talks about how the corporations hired a bunch of idiots who ruined Las Vegas? Well, the casino marketing department here is obviously who he was talking about.
a group of us went to vegas this past weekend for my cousins 30th bday, and we decided to stay at the golden nugget, as the majority of us prefer to stay downtown. i was really looking forward to staying at this hotel because of the generally positive reviews i have read via yelp and yahoo. . . maybe it had something to do with being spring break, but this place was overflowing with kids, and not teenagers, i mean kids (0-10). who brings kids this young to vegas?? i was with another cousin who has a young son, in which they planned ahead and organized a baby sitter. i counted 7 newborns at the pool! are you kidding me?! on the plus side, the water slide was fun.... . the room was nice, but definitely not a room in which you can have a few people crash. i absolutely hated the fact you cannot lock the entrance to the bathroom. seriously, there are two huge sliding doors that open up to a fancy vanity, a lockable toilet room to the left, and a huge shower to the right, but you cannot lock the sliding doors. this would be a great room for a couple, but unfortunately, we requested two queen beds as we knew there would be more people tagging along, and something got fffed up during the reservation, and we were given one king (another reason for the two-star review). also, they make you pay for coffee and water in the room. . . the casino was fun, as i ended up winning, but holy crap, the people were so sketchy. mind you, i love staying downtown, and i know it's a bit seedy, but i was expecting a little bit more from the nugget. i have a feeling that the trash from around town migrate here because it makes them feel less trashy. unfortunately, splashing a fresh coat of paint on a crack house doesn't change the fact thatit's a crack house. if this were the el cortez or californian, i wouldn't care, but jazzing something up so much for it to ultimately be a ruse is just pathetic...
The only thing that is **** at Golden nugget are the prices. $10 for make it yurself in room coffee & $7 for a bottle of water? OMG WTF? Stuffy rooms, plus paper thin walls, broken lamp fixture in the room, plumbing that ran 24-7. Food trash in the halls. The only reason to stay here is someone else picked up the room tab. Downtown is trashy, noisy, dirty. Derelicts wandering around begging. The Golden Nugget is located in the heart of old downtown Las Vegas at the intersection of Sodom & Gomoorah if you are in to that kind of scene then this is party central on weekends.
The Golden Nugget is an older hotel/casino on the Fremont Street area in Vegas.  The parking garage was pretty easy to find, with lots of entrance signs.  It's free to park if you're staying at the Nugget but strangely costs to park there otherwise.  Check in was pretty simple but with my room in the Carson Tower it was a pretty long haul from the reception desk to the room.  The room was pretty large and nice in appearance but had some flaws upon examination.  . - No fridge.  . - No free coffeemaker.  . The bed was large and the room was non-smoking but I wasn't able to reserve those things when I made the reservation, I had to wait until check in to actually know that I'd get a non-smoking room.  Pretty lame, in this day and age.  . . The bathroom was good sized and pretty modern.  TV was large flat screen but the remote was cantankerous.  The alarm clock was way too complicated, never did figure that thing out.  . . Plus: the hotel was pretty quiet during my stay, most smaller hotels seem to be very noisy but this building wasn't.  . . For the money, I'd rather stay on the Strip or I'd expect a better room that isn't on the 18th floor.
Pretty mediocre. Room was clean but needs some refurb. I hate places that nickle and dime you and this place charges for everything - $10 for coffee machine use in your room? - outrageous. And a medium bottle of water for $7? And a worthless VIP status for $25.. Don't go to the buffet - food was pretty poor and breakfast buffet was weird  in that it had an egg station surrounded by a roast beef station and a pasta station and some breakfast items were near dessert - oh well, they weren't very good anyways.. I can't imagine this place getting 4 or 5 star - the writers of those reviews must have been some of the drunks we noticed.
Every year between 4-20 friends make the trek to Vegas and stay at the GN. This was my first time. As far as hotel I was disappointed with the GN. We had our room reserved for Sunday through tuesday am. At 830pm we had a knock at the door regarding our stay. First we called the front desk and the rude woman said we could stay another night but it would cost us. The rate she gave us was more than double our reservation rate. We were told  to go to the front desk. Once there we spoke to the manager and he stated our reservation was only til noon today.  With our email confirmation we got everything fixed and went to our room. (The check is not near our tower).... Once to our room we found we were locked out.  Back at registration we were informed we were probably locked out because our keys were too close to a cell phone. We returned to our room with new keys which of course didn't work. We ran across an employee whom made a call and new keys would be brought to us.  25 minutes later we called the front desk from our cell. Spent ten minutes waiting for the manager. Once on the phone he said he would bring up new keys. After mentioning that we have spent the last 2 hrs dEaling with this he offered 2 free breakfast buffets. Both times we spoke to the manager he was kind. His employees, unfortunately, were very rude and are the reason I gave GN 2 stars.. Wifi is 12.99 .... Crazy expensive and should be free. . . Overall the hotel itself was good. Pool/shark tank is awesome although the pool water smells like sewer at times. would pick the Fremont experience over the strip any day.
been a fan favorite of the Nugget for years but this trip convinced me to spend my money elsewhere next time we hit Vegas. this place has pulled the purse strings so tight that I am sure if they could figure out a way to charge you for the elevator and they would and probably a front door charge as wedll, they push the no resort fee because they are downtown but believe me they make up for it everywhere else, valet staff were happy and friendly other than that good luck, grouchy almost bitchy front desk people with rotten attitude, maybe they forgot the rule about the customer is there paycheck, do not take the upgrades to jr suites pretty much all you get is a hallway and if your in the rush tower stay off the fremont side unless you want to hear really bad rock and roll bouncing off your rooom walls untill 2 am and trash cans being hit hard by the garbage truck at 6 am in the alley next door and its Saturday WOW! after this being my hotel of choice since the 80's got to find another one. and in agreement with the guy below me in this review good luck getting a chair at the pool since they are saving every cahir in site and you never see anyone sit down my advice is if someone says they are saving seats take it anyway and let security get involved maybe they will be better than the rest of their staff this place rolled downhill in a hurry
Casino Only Review: I'm not really a fan of the Golden Nugget. I've been in the place several times now, quite often on First Friday I hop off the shuttle and walk through their casino to get to Fremont Street. And each time I go in, I don't have a good experience. I've had trouble with my cards not working in the slot machines. I've had servers walk right by me and not offer me drinks while attending to others close by. Compared to other properties on Fremont the Golden Nugget just feels off to me. Now I will admit decor wise it's nice, the shark tank with the slide is nice eye candy, but so far I've found myself wishing I had just cut my losses and found another casino along Fremont to explore. . . 2 Stars as Meh, I've experienced better certainly applies in this case.
i love this place. i give it 2 stars because of all of the KIDS running around. Last time i checked vegas was an adult place. why bring your kids to vegas? well this place is horrible because its run down by kids everywhere! obnoxious annoying ones...so if u want a weekend getaway i would not reccommend this place to anyone! freaking kids and vegas wtffff.
So we stayed here in May and it was fantastic. Reasonably priced decent room. everything was totally on par with being in old town. . . Also, SHARK TANK SWIMMING POOL!. . We had a great time with great service...... . We came back at the end of Sept and let me tell you Jekyl and Hyde this place.... . Paid more and stayed at the Rush tower. It's a nice room. Sadly they want $200 bucks a night on the weekend, which if you've ever been to Vegas you know you can stay in a VERY nice hotel for that. Not just a nice room in a mediocre hotel.. . Bellhop and Security both had a hard time getting to the room.... for some reason.. . They magically checked us out a night early, so coming back our room keys are deactivated and you have to jog all over the casino to find a tower that has someone working. Oh and they still charged me for that night..... when we ended up just crashing at our friend's. . . Room service screwed up or order, then got rude, then tried to tell us we would have to order the same thing AGAIN and pay twice. Manager was rude and we had to spend 20 minutes trying to get the right order without being charged twice.. . They have now charged my credit card more than double what the price should be.. I had to call 3 times before someone actually sent me an itemized bill. My email regarding the over charge has never been acknowledged. Watch your bank statements if you stay here. There were some charges removed (by magic) when I called and asked for an itemized bill...HOWEVER they still have almost $500 in mystery charges that we are trying to resolve.. . I'm just saying, if you want to pay $1500 for TWOnights in old town this might be your place, but I don't recommend it. I'm trying to get this resolved so I can go back to thinking good thoughts about the Golden Nugget..... . Stay off season and during the week and you won't feel ripped off. Otherwise proceed with caution.
The Golden Nugget is terrible!! They charge $12.99 for internet access, $7.99 for 12 oz  water bottle ,and $10.99 for coffee. They charge your credit card twice, once when you make reservation and another time when you check in the kiosk because they have no employees at the front desk.I was afraid to use or touch anything inside the room I rented because of fear of being charge an obscene amount of money.
I really did not enjoy our stay at this casino. We went because my cousin decided to get married in a chapel on the strip and everyone stayed in the Nugget. Having my family there made the stay bearable - everything else was difficult to deal with.. . It's impossible to go anywhere in the hotel without being assailed by cigarette smoke. Even the elevators. And - about those elevators!! There's a constant sales pitch during the entire elevator ride. God help you if you're on the top floor - I imagine the mono-toned woman they hired to do the voice over would try to sell you the bed sheets by the time you get to the top floor. . . Others might think the shark tank in the middle of the pool is cool, but I can't help but feel sorry for the animals. They're in a tiny space, forced to swim round and round and round with half-drunk guests banging on the glass. Didn't make me proud of my species in any way shape or form. . . There was a torrential rain while we were there and there were leaks everywhere in the common areas. Also, my aunt's room was on the top floor and the rain on the roof was like a drum - the roofing must have been paper!. . All in all, not great.
Went back here for a few days, was in G10 penthouse, could not sleep tell 2 am , to loud outside, music blasting, bad room for sleeping,
Stayed at the Carson Tower last week.  My elderly friend was mugged by a black woman who entered on the 10th floor.  She was knocked down and her purse was stolen.  Security should have been better!!!  Not even a word of apology from the casino.
BETTER FOR FAMILIES WITH CHILDREN, THAN FOR ADULTS WHO WANT TO RELAX AND HAVE FUN.. This hotel is beautiful and clean with an awesome pool and an okay casino.. It should be promoted as THE FAMILY FRIENDLY/KID CRAZY HOTEL.. There were so many kids running around this place, that it was upsetting!!!. If you are going to Vegas to have a good time with a group of adults/friends/your significant other - I would not recommend this place.. At one point, while we were in the HOT TUB, there were 4 adults and 13 KIDS in the hot tub. KIDs IN A HOT TUB? WTF?. Screaming, splashing --- not relaxing at all.. The buffet is sub par -- compared to what you can find on the strip - or even at other hotels on Fremont St.
Disappointed with food service at pool. Took 2 hours and food was cold. Also very slow service at The Grotto. Wait staff didn't check back. I think the hotel is seriously understaffed. Also coffee in the room was $10 for 4 k cups!
I recently stayed at the Golden Nugget on a Vegas trip, as we were interested in being near Binions, our favourite poker tournament location across the road.. . First the good... The place, since the renovation is beautiful. The blown glass everywhere is stunning, and the shark tank pool is really quite something. Sitting outside at night under the stars with a free-pour (but pricey) drink from the pool area bar is really relaxing. The beds in the rooms are comfortable.. . Don't bother purchasing Wifi (at $18 a day) - go down the road to Denny's where it's free all the time.. . Now, the bad. The rooms were absolutely nothing special. Bring your own Keurig cupsas they want $10 for FOUR Keurig cups if you open the box... I'm serious! $10! You have to pay $20 a night to get a fridge in your room, the "view" room was of a parking lot (not that there's much to see that high up on Freemont Street, anyhow. The service is TERRIBLE in all the restaurants and bars in the place.. . For example... my husband and I received a coupon book when we checked in for our 5 day stay, and in the book was a couple of drink coupons for a bar in the hotel/casino. We sat no less than 40 minutes waiting (AT the bar...) with the coupons (AND tip up front...) while the bartenders whizzed by us, despite us requesting politely to be served each time they went by. The service was no better in any other part of the casino bars and restaurants.. . The other primary complaint? The timeshare people camped out posing as hotel staff at your elevator entrance to the hotel... You can't get away from them, and had to pass through a gauntlet of hounding every time you got off the elevators! It's harrassment, and annoying as hell.. . Finally, a tip: If you get a coupon (should you stay here) for the buffet, know that it's only good for Mon-Thursday. The breakfast buffet on weekdays is relatively inexpensive, and the quality of food is good for the price. Do check it out (upstairs on the third floor).
On our way (lost) to the "all you can eat/drink breakfast buffet with complimentary memosas" and stopped at a bar downstairs to ask directions.....thinking we were a long way from the breakfast bar.  The dink of a bartender sells my wife an $18 memosa, and then says "your breakfast spot is right up the stairs".  He was rude, more times than once.  I think it's called the ice bar....pool level.  Stay away.  Scam.
My Dad won a slot jackpot here twenty years ago so this place has a lot of nostalgic value for us.. We booked six rooms for my siblings, nephews, etc., to the tune of about $1400.00. . . When you book you think you're getting a four star hotel, then guess what? When you get there the fee you paid was for the old, Carson Tower.. (our room has crumbling popcorn ceilings (asbestos? I hope not) and without even a desk or fridge.. Decidedly two star. ) If you want the better four-star room, you have to pay an additional $19/ night. The old Bait and Switch.. very frustrating.. Good beds, though!. . In our bathroom alone, the sink was cracked almost in half, the door levers are tarnished, toilet old and broken (a real chug-a-lug) and towels stained brown and threadbare. Unbelievable. When I called Roxanne, she was sorry about the sink but staunchly defended the hotel's four-star rating, saying three times it was rated by AAA, etc.. I guess a customer in a room's opinion doesn't matter.. . Housekeeping: 5 pm and when we got back to our room. no housekeeping service had been done, wet towels were still on floor.. I called Sharon in housekeeping and she had no reason for this and said she thought we had checked out. No, we're here two more days!! Then early one morning they're pounding at out door at the strike of 9 am. Isn't this a casino hotel where guests sleep in? Then they left no coffee cups.. The Keurig coffee cartridges cost $2.50 each (39 cents at Costco) so bring your own.. . POOL: In the morning my friend and I wanted to sit at the pool and have a drink before exploring.. At 9:25 a.m. there was only about 30 people at the pool, but guess what? People have reserved for themselves every single chaise lounge (Approx. 200 or so of them)  by putting a book, hat, or towel from their room on them.. What about the morning guests? I found out later that they do this so they can try to sell day beds by the upper pool for $200 each. (You can stay three nights at the hotel for that amount!) Well it's a busy Sunday and they've only rented one (out of about twelve!) leaving lots of these huge beds wide open, while just one level below, dozens of people stand around chaise-less.. It's very sad, indeed..At 5 pm they let everyone and anyone into the pool area.. four gang members (and a baby) entered, who said they were from NW Vegas and took the four chaises next to us.. pants sagging low, throwing gang signs, we got a little nervous and left... . WIFI:  the wifi in your room costs $12.99 per room/ per day/ PER DEVICE!! I am a normal, connected person with an iphone, ipad, macbook.. Those three devices (and my roommate's two) would have cost us $64.95 a day just for wifi! Does this seem fair?? (Roxanne the manager did help me out a bit on this issue, thanks so much!). . In the parking garage, the closest, premium parking spots are all empty and reserved for the managers, directors, etc.. making the paying customers park up a few levels. This is so they don't  have to use the garage elevators, one broken, the other slow and on it's last leg..We waited six minutes for the elevator (there's only six levels!!) It's not even check out time... . BUFFET: The entrees, although salty, are actually quite tasty. But the desserts, which look great, are awful. The apple cobbler is way too sweet and like wallpaper paste. Everyone at my table was spitting out their desserts, not a pretty picture. If you have a larger group, there is a forced 18% gratuity that you have to pay in advance. I like to tip from my heart at the end of the meal.. those buffet workers really deserve it, though!. FOOD: The Carson St. Cafe is decent, good breakfast.. great bread! My over-medium eggs had the white still raw, but the nice waiter replaced them along with some really nice fruit. Avoid the Asian Cuisine restaurant, my cashew chicken was something like $16.95 and was bland, tasted straight out of the Chun King can... . There are many nice employees here, but I was disappointed with our stay..
Danielle checked me in. I paid $25 for VIP check-in and was unaware that there was a separate area for VIPs to check in. I had to ask her what "VIP" entailed in order to be directed to the VIP Lounge area. Isn't that listed in my reservation Danielle...why did I have to tell YOU about it? (If I hadn't have asked I would not have been issued a VIP card nor informed about the free drinks and snacks that I am entitled to during my stay...thanks Danielle!) I later went downstairs to ask the Front Desk about the public transportation bus to get to the strip and another female working on Thursday around 12 noon in the VIP Lounge said she has no idea of what bus to take there....ARE YOU KIDDING ME!??!!? This must be a question that people ask on a regular basis so the fact that she knew NOTHING about the "Deuce Bus" was absolutely ridiculous! I went outside to ask the Bellman and he was able to tell me the name, Deuce, and where the closest bus stop was. It's really unfortunate to have FRONT DESK women who look good in their uniforms but have the intelligence of a 1 year old. I'm not impressed at all. These women look as though they were hired for their looks rather than their knowledge of the area...I mean, I wasn't asking for much and they weren't able to deliver anything. I'm here for 3 more days so I will write a follow up. I'm hoping things get better.
Love the Laughlin location so we decided to stay here this trip to Vegas, beautiful remodel of pool and casino area with the added benefit of being on Fremont st. The front desk staff were inept, checked in with credit card for room and incidentals, we are members of Landry's select club which should have given us a free upgrade but sorry we are full in those towers but can upgrade for $30 a night additional, really? you were full a second ago? Get to our room where the water didn't work, AC had issues, TV and Ice machine didn't work. Great start! NOT! finally get everything fixed and go to watch a movie and the says call front desk, they say my card was declined? I doubt that but go down and give them another card and pay my room charge in cash, check my CC account when I get back to the room and they have authorized $300+ in 2 cards? I call and they say they will credit one and keep the other for incidentals, fine. Couldn't sign for anything the rest of the stay and got tired of fighting with the idiots at the front desk. Most casino, pool, and restaurant staff were good with the exception of the bitchy waitress at the Cafe, food was horrible but better than the help who received a 50 cent tip. Buffet was overpriced and mediocre but Charthouse was exceptional! went twice! Need to get their shit together big time.,
The reason it barely gets 2 stars is because they are very stupid to let people smoke at the pool, all around the pool and in the hot tub. There are children all over and everyone is smoking very rude smokers its sad that they don't care about children inhaling second hand smoke. Smokers need to go back to the casino or your smoking room and enjoy your cancer there. Room was ok. Ryan at check-in needs a new job out of the public eye. Will not return to this hotel.
Booked, on Kayak, got a killer rate- should have known.  . The positives:. - the pool, if you reserve space because it is slammed.. - Rooms in the Carson Tower were clean, minus the odor. (more on that later.). . The Negatives:. - The elevators in the Carson Tower for floors 9-20+ were not all operational. This meant there were lines to go up in the elevators, as well as loooooong waits to ride down to the casino floor. . - The odor in the room was funky. We couldn't figure it out until we smelled the towels and sheets. Whatever detergent the hotel uses leaves behind a weird odor. It is a combination of musty and old laundry smell. Not pleasant. . - it took 45 minutes for a bellman to appear at the desk to retrieve luggage for our party and another person. We were told that somebody was on there way 5 different times. I walked to the front desk after 40 minutes and was apologized to, but also received that giggly, nervous shoulder shrug that drives me crazy. The bellman arrived to the desk 5 minutes later and have us the short-staffed excuse. When we dropped the bags off that morning, there were three employees there. . - Coffee maker in the room, yay! A $10 charge if you decided to open their little box and use the 2 k-cups to make the coffee. . . Will I stay at the Nugget again? Probably not. Especially because of that funky towel smell- I can't get it out of my hair.
I'm not sure what planet these people are on Mr. CEO/ Garage Parking guy but look around because you are NOT Encore, Wynn, Cosmo or any of these big dawgs so don't give me lip when I drag myself out of my house to come meet up some friends and give you the honor of setting foot in this old piece of property. . . I arrive to this place, confused trying to figure out where to park. I don't ever come here so yes-I was confused. I was meeting some friends that had a party on the South Tower Suite and when I pulled in the garage parking I was approached by the senior citizen officer with a fake badge who said the following to me: . . Officer: "Ma'am are you a guest here, if so, I need your room key" (with attitude). . Me: "No. My friend has a suite here and....(cut off by officer before I can finish). . Officer: "ok-no key, no entry. You can leave now. Back up and go. You cant park here". (starts signaling cars behind me to back up so I can get out of the line as he curses away). . As I'm trying to get a word in, he is shooshing meaway and not making eye contact with me. He then proceeds to the car behind me and does the same thing. I asked him where the guest parking was for Golden and he said he didn't know but not there! . Holy cow! this old man was on one!! Ended up parking several blocks away and did a 15 minute walk to the casino in heels. NO BIGGIE! :-/. . Luckily, I am not one who will let Mr. Wilson (Dennis The Menace) ruin my night, but you better be sure this will go on Yelp!
The pool is neat, not as awesome as I had been hoping/expecting considering all the hype.  The rooms were nicer than I expected with plush robes hanging in the closet!  If not for the terrible stench of cigarette smoke that permeated the entire hotel and casino I would have rated a star or 2 higher.  We were pretty high up in the hotel and it didn't matter, smoke rules this place.  I don't like when I unpack my bags at home and everything stinks like cigs.  Also, the front desk person that checked us in was extremely rude and unfriendly.  Maybe your jobs sucks, or you have crap going on at home, or maybe the last customer was a tool.  Guess what, I just arrived for my first day of vacation and you are supposed to greet your customers with a smile.  That's the way customer service jobs work, if you don't like it, quit.  I'm sure in this economy another job will just fall on your lap...
Still our Hotel and Casino of Choice . . . Especially since the wife won a $5,400.00 jackpot this visit . . . Me a $3,700.00 jackpot (oh yeah, mine was out at another casino).. . Major problem . . . and it appeared to not just be our room in the Ruch Tower . . . but there was a sewer gas smell in our room all weekend . . . even after housekeeping tried to put something down the drain.. . We will be back, since nothing in the area compares . . . but if the smell hasn't been taken care of . . . we might not be back after that . . .
I have stayed at the Nugget several times. This time I had a problem with the parking. I tried to valet my car and was told it was full. I went to self parking and was told it was also full. I asked where I should park and they told me " you will have to find somewhere else".  If I am a guest at a hotel.... They should have a parking spot for my car.
One of the girls that I went with got us hooked up at this hotel for a 4th of July weekend / friend's birthday. It's clean and the rooms are of a decent size. If you want to party downtown and have the Fremont Street Experience - old school Vegas style - this is not a bad place to be centralized. There are still way more hot females at the hotels & casinos on the strip though since it seems to be more family vacation oriented here. Slipping down the water slide through the shark tank is not as cool as it sounds, but it's fun and faster than it seems. A bit too fast to get a good look at the fishies while going through the tube, but you can swim next to them in the pool (with a glass separator of course). There's a couple of reservation only pools on the upper levels of the swimming area, but they are small and dinky. Gambling doesn't seem too exciting from the crowd and most of the table game workers seem down; we were probably the noisiest ones, but hey, at long as it's fun :p. It sucks that there were no fridge in the bedrooms, so we had to ask for pales of ice. They do leave out a bottle of Fiji water and a box of instant coffee which if you open will cost $7 for the H2O and $10 for the cafe. First thing I did when I came into the room was drank that water because I thought that the hotel was being nice, until my friend told me that we were going to be way overcharged for it. I was also planning to make some coffee afterwards, until the price tag was pointed out - Starbucks down stairs is even cheaper. At least the parking was free for hotel guests.
First the good:  I've spent many, many hours in the GN, mostly in their poker room, which I believe is one of the best-run rooms in town.  Quick shout out to some of the best of the best:  Floor: Vito, Dealers: Marlon, Pete, Toni, and many, many others, and Server: Elizabeth.. . And the not-so-good - the hotel itself.  . . Day 1:. Check in was nothing unusual for Vegas.  The customer service agent (guy) was not anything I'd consider friendly or overly helpful.  80% businesslike, 20% arrogant douchebag.  . . We were in the Carson tower, which is about a mile or so away from Fremont street.  I didn't really care, because I really could use the walking after playing cards all day.  We located our room, which turned out to be the furthest possible room from the elevator, roughly 200 yards away (no exaggeration).  Housekeeping was in the room, and told us they shouldn't have checked us in, and that we'd have to go back downstairs and get another room.  Annoying, given that we had just lugged all of our shit up there.  . . The next agent (female) was much friendlier and apologetic, fixed the problem right away, and got us a different room.  The room was nice, but nothing to write home about.  It was dated, the air from the A/C unit smelled a little musty, and my wife smelled smoke in the room (even though it was a non-smoking room).  I wasn't really in the mood to make yet another trip down, so we just sucked it up.  . . Day 2:. My wife was determined to hit the pool.  After all, it is one of the highlights of the hotel, right?  We went down about 9:45, knowing the pool deck was open, but you couldn't swim until 10.  It was going to be another 115-degree or so day, so I was really looking forward to the pool as well.  . . There weren't any chairs available.  There were plenty of chairs there with nobody in them, but some article "reserving" them.  One sandal on one chair, its matching sandal on the chair next to it.  A pair of sunglasses.  An empty bottle of water.  . . We went up to the security person, who apologized and said that although people aren't supposed to reserve chairs, they just leave stuff there all the time and come back whenever.  She said they try to enforce the policy, and has told management that people abuse it all the time, but they don't listen to her.  With no chairs available, we left disappointed.   .  . When we returned to our room, it was open.  Not open all the way, but it was resting on the latch.  All of our stuff was in there, so I was more than a little concerned.  I walked down the hall and asked the housekeeper if she had been in our room, and she said no.  The housekeeper told me that "lots of people have keys to these rooms" and I should call down to security, so I called security.  They said they'd investigate and get back to me.  That was around 10:30 a.m.   I called back about a half-hour later, and "John" told me that a housekeeping key was used, and they were investigating.  They'd get back to me.  I gave up at around 11:30 and went to eat.  I eventually found out it was someone on the housekeeping staff that had done a room check - only because I kept on it.  If I had waited for the GN staff to call me back, I'd still be waiting.. . My wife then told me that she wished we had stayed at the D again.  I agreed.. . Day 3:. Pool deck.  Chairs.  Sun.  . And then the pool opened. . There are around 500 reasons we don't have kids, and they were all there at 10:00.  In addition, the water was cloudy enough that we couldn't see the bottom step, and both my wife and I slammed our toes into it trying to get out of the pool.  Ugh.  . . There is an upstairs (16 and over) pool, as we learned.  It has clear water, quiet, and none of the problems above. But since they were sold out of lounge chairs (everything costs money, and you can't go in for free before 5pm), I was stuck in Disneyland hell below. I gave up eventually and went into the casino for some peace and quiet.  . . Day 4:. Upstairs pool, nice.  Poker, nice.  Buffet, nice.  Good day!. . Day 5:. Check out.. Although they told us we weren't going to be charged the "Fremont Experience Fee," (we checked in under the wire), it showed up anyway.  So, I called down to have it taken off, and they apologized for me misunderstanding the check-in agent (which pissed me off a little bit, since both my wife and I heard him clearly). . . And the coup-de-grace?  . I hand our valet ticket in and wait.  And wait.  And wait.  . Eventually the valet calls me over to the desk and admits that they can't locate our keys.  He asks me if the name is correct, and what color the ticket is.  He dutifully goes through every envelope in the drawer.  Eventually, he locates it and gets our car.  I figured it would have been a fitting ending to our stay if they had lost it or given it to someone else.   . . Verdict:. There are many things I love about the GN.  The hotel isn't one of them.. . I'll continue to play cards there and eat there.  But stay there?  Probably not anytime soon.
Valet and bell staff were great, housekeeping was nice, although bathroom wasn't cleaned very well.  Room itself was nice, but beds were Full Size not Queen, and pool view was overrated, sure I can see the pool if I lean out over the A/C and hang onto the window sill.  Bathroom had mold on ceiling and caulk molding and falling out.  Front desk staff was not very helpful, when I stopped by to ask them if I could get a privacy sign I was told that I should  have called housekeeping from my room.   Ok, so I should have awakened the person sleeping to get a sign that would save them from being awakened?!?   Charges for many things extra $12.99 a day for internet, $20 a day for gym, $10 if you use their in room coffee... Etc.   the thing is I thought I had picked a mid-high grade room/reservation but was being treated like I'd used a Groupon.  The pool was nice but crowded. Teenagers blatantly pouring alcohol in a drink bottle right in front of the lifeguard while inside the pool.  I won't stay again.
We made the mistake of staying here for my daughter's 21st birthday.  I've stayed here in the past and found it great but BOY has it gone DOWN HILL!!!!  Not only was the customer service EXTREMELY poor (promised upgrade and internet and no one wrote it down on our reservation) and spent a lot of time arguing with the management.  Also be aware that they now charge an ADDITIONAL $5.65 per night for the Fremont experience. Our supposed 4 star nonsmoking rooms (we had 2 for the birthday celebration), smelled, the enamel bathtub was cracked and black was showing through, there was rust around the faucets and the plastic light fixture cap on the ceiling FELL one day (glad no one was in the shower at the time) and we set it on the counter and it sat there for the rest of our visit - 2 more days.  Wouldn't it have been nice if housekeeping would have taken care of that????  Definitely NOT a 4 star; maybe 3 if you can tolerate bad customer service.  Lastly, we had heard that downtown had been cleaned up.  Wrong, there were plenty of sketchy people hanging out and approaching you on Fremont.  Won't be staying here again.
Decided to make my Vegas trip a day longer so I stayed here.. the main reason was the pool/slide for my two young kids.  The Pool I would rate 3.5 stars as the slide is very cool and the tank is very Very Cool with massaging waterfall to boot. . . The room on the other hand was disappointing, there was rust running slowly down from the tub (overflowing stop.. the round silvery thing) , the air condition works but load thorough the night and the worst was the Queen size beds.. make that tiny.. more like a full size bed.. pillows and mattress were almost as hard as cardboard.. bath towels had that "overused" ivory discoloration color.. But hey, for a room under $50 a night.. it wasn't bad
We were excited to stay at the golden nugget because of all of the reviews on help. However, we were very disappointed. Our stay started when half our party arrived and the system had crashed. The front desk told them they had no reservations saved from this and they were able to check them in because they were there - other reservations could not be held. Thankfully they allowed them to check us into our room, because when we did arrive the hotel was booked and we would not have been given a room. Prior to our trip we called twice to request rooms on the same floor and this did not happen (one on 11 and the other on the 19th). They did tell us we could switch rooms in the AM and to call down and we could move. We called down in the AM and the front desk told us the room was empty and needed cleaning but would check us into the room and when we came back into the hotel to pick up keys. We did exactly that and there was no record of our new room and there were no open rooms on the 11th floor. They thankfully never checked us out of our 19th floor room.. . Also, wifi was $13 a day and coffee, a bottle of Figi water for $7 and 4 Kcups for $10. What a rip! . . Needless to say the staff just didn't seem happy to be there or want to help the guests. I'm SURE there are nicer and better places to stay in Vegas - and even if it was a good deal for the hotel it is worth a little more money to stay somewhere else!
This place does not deserve 3 1/2 stars!! First off, the double beds are not adequate for two people. EVERYTHING COSTS EXTRA!! All the pool chairs are tightly put together and offer NO shade! If you want any shade you have to purchase it via cabanas or couch areas which are ridiculously expensive. There are lots and lots of kids and the pool smells of urine. There is an adult pool, but the loungers at that pool cost $20/ day and have to be reserved in advance (good luck getting one). You can't hold a lounger with a towel either. They remove it if no one is there. My mom and I left our loungers to go in the pool. When we came back, our towels were gone! The gym costs $20 extra and you have to pay $13/day for Wi-Fi. If you want coffee in the room, they have a keurig and it'll cost you $10 for 4 cups (bring your own coffee pods). What happened to free morning coffee?!?! The staff is friendly and the rooms are spacious and clean, but they nickel and dime you to death! I will not be staying here again!!
Not quite as great as it used to be, especially the casino. Since purchased by some guy named Tilman Fertita, who also owns Landry's Restaurants, the service seems to have been slacking-off a bit. The hotel is fine, especially the upgraded towers, but casino personnel can be very obnoxious. Not all of them, but some get really snotty. The casino manager, Jason Sides (as of June 2013), seems unresponsive to complaints. Be sure to complain anyway, if you are disrespected.
Just don't. . . The casino itself is kind of gross. Outside is the Old Las Vegas which also isn't all that fun. Mostly just drunk people stumbling around and littering. We stayed in the Rush Tower of the hotel which had a nice room but it wasn't anything great for what we paid. Parking was full and we had to park quite a ways away from the hotel.. . Worst part is the customer service. It's terrible. I had an issue with my room that caused me to change nights. The woman at the front desk really had no idea how to handle the situation and all that needed to be done was to cancel and refund the room I had booked and book me a different one. Eventually that happened and I was told the amount for the first room would be put back on my credit card. . . They never put it back. . . I've been calling them for weeks about this and each time it's like starting from scratch.
Spent a weeklong trip out west visiting parks, but started and ended in Vegas.  Since none of us had been to 'Old Vegas'  we decided to spend our first night at the Golden Nugget.  The decor in the lobby is great and they have a fantastic shark/slide pool.  However, the check-in time was horrendous!  There was a long line which contained both people checking in and those looking to book shows.  That slowed down the line tremendously - they really need to separate these two lines and bring extra people onto the desk when there's that long of a line waiting.  Once we got to our rooms, we found that our safes had been left locked and could not be used.  We called and were told someone would come up to open them - that never happened before we had to check out the next day.  In fact most things that we needed to call down for either took forever to arrive, or just never showed up.. . It was nice to experience this part of town, but now that we've done it once, we would not return.
The casino area is well kept up,the hotel is very nice this one of the best looking hotel in this area, they have an Starbuck in the lobby I tried to used my starbuck card ..do you know they said that I could not used it at that starbuck inside the Golden Nugget,I was not in the mood for an argument I just walk away.
Ok we stay here every time we come to Vegas. Never were we unhappy about the hotel untill now. It started with our special comps expiring and them not honoring it!!! Like I said we stay here a lot. We spend a lot of money here. So we check in anyway and I ask for a view I got one the parking lot. The women who checked us in said she gave us a great view of downtown and she chuckled I should have had a clue. This was the start of bad service the whole stay.. Lets start with the nonsmokers room that smells like a ashtray and the lack of water pressure wow nice.. Did have a great meal at the Gotto but slow service and small portions.. Crappy service threw the whole hotel!!!!. Let me talk about checkout THEY HAVE A HIDDEN FEE FOR STAYING DOWNTOWN $5.65 A DAY YOUR PAYING FOR THE EXPERIENCE! Now 5.65 is not a lot its the point they said it was there as of July!!! Like that makes it alright lol.. I will no longer stay here even though I love there pool area!!. If you are thinking of staying here think again its not a good value for the money
I keep going back and forth between 2 and 3 stars....this is an affordable hotel, my husband and I paid less than $700 for 4 days, 3 nights + flight from Seattle....I think the hotel portion actually cost us like $30 a night! The room was clean, not overly modern or impressive but the bed was comfy and the water hot. We had a terrible view of a back alley- only good part was we could see a reader bord that displayed the outdoor temperature. The pool is the main attraction at this hotel. The shark tank was beautiful but I was personally disappointed that the pool is in the middle of the hotel. People are walking around all day, playing slots, eating and resturants and watching people sunbathing and swimming- kind of weird. I enjoy the hotel pools that look a little more tropical and so it's a relaxing oasis, not a ton of chairs crammed on a concrete deck inside a glass box for all to see. I spent about 2 hours at the pool every morning and found it filled up fast so I would grab some starbucks, suncreen, a book and head down as soon as it opened (10am if I remember correctly) to grab a seat. We were there in mid-April and I found only one side of the pool had sun in the morning, then the other side in the afternoon...bad set up. The towers shade the pool. . . The hotel (like most in Vegas) was kept very cool. My husband loved it and I was freezing. I also was a bit irritated by the people who stand at a desk near the Gold Tower elevators and try to sell you their timeshare speech EVERY SINGLE TIME you are going back and forth to your room. . . We did quite a bit of walking around in Fremont on this trip and I believe the Golden Nugget is the nicest hotel there. I personally do prefer to stay on the strip so I think a lot of my review comes down to personal preference. . . We also tried two of three resturants in the hotel; The italian place- run the other direction it was disappointing. Their signature steak house - it was delicious but super pricey and the wine list was like a freaking encyclopedia to flip through and finally their Seafood resturant, Chart House, I had the stuffed sole and it was FANTASTIC. My favorite meal the entire time we were in Vegas. I'd definitely go back! . . Overall, good value, I recommend it on a budget (or if you just really love Fremont), but if you have a little cash to spare I'd suggest springing for a nicer hotel on the strip. I personally love MGM but I'll save that for another review :)
Eh.. . The hotel/casino are ok.   The newer tower where we stayed was nice.   The room was pretty decent.   The buffet was pretty nasty, although the pasta man was super nice.  Great guy.. . My issue was the customer service.   Seems like everyone we talked to there hated their jobs and were therefore unprofessional.    One of the valets simply stole the baggage cart we'd planned on using when we notified him that we'd be taking our own luggage in.   The desk people generally sucked and were short with us.. . Love staying in old town, won't be staying at the Golden Nugget again though.    Great location - I will give 'em that at least.. . EDIT** -- I forgot to say that even though I was up late every night gambling and enjoying adult activities ;^) , the music was super loud outside in the Fremont area, and the room was loud too.   Had to wear earplugs to sleep even when it was late.   That sucked.
My bride and I recently stayed at and were married at the Golden Nugget. . . We have mixed feeling about our stay.. . The service was lacking from check-in. Our reservations were screwed up and several individuals in our party, who reserved rooms, were placed in smoking rooms. Even though non-smoking rooms were requested. This was unacceptable considering one of our guests was pregnant. . . We stayed in the Rush tower. The room was ok, but extremely loud at night due to outside music. . . We dined at the Grotto and it appears there were only three people working: hostess, waiter, and a frustrated chef. The waitstaff was nice, but as we sat waiting for service, a chef who was placing chickens on a rotisserie, was dealing with a rotisserie malfunction. It kept making noise. He called maintenance and four men arrived. Amusing that maintenance men out numbered waitstaff . . . More poor service...At check in we received a coupon book. We tried redeeming a dining coupon buy one get one free and a hotel staffer crudely told us it was not valid. . . Highly disappointed internet service had a fee and the hotel actively has staff trying to sell timeshares. . . The wedding chapel was intimate and our wedding was handled professionally. The priest did a wonderful job. Following the ceremony, we went for a drink in the lobby. Unfortunately, my bride was carded which caused a problem since wedding dresses are full of pockets.They would not even comp me a diet coke. Slight disappointed the hotel did not even place a split or small gesture in our room. . . The pool was heated and very nice. It was one of the highlights of our trip.. . I will be looking elsewhere next time we travel to Vegas.
This was our third stay at the Golden Nugget and by far the most disappointing.  We got married at the GN in 2009, spent our 1st anniversary there and thought it was time for another visit.  We booked a package deal for 4 nights.  On the 2nd morning my husband ran into housekeeping in the hall and they said they had us on their list as checking out that day.  Since our reservation was for another 2 nights we went right down to the front desk with our vacation reservation confirmation e-mail.  There, they were very unhelpful and accused our vacation company of sending them the reservation incorrectly.  The Golden Nugget said they could extend our stay at the regular nightly rate for our last 2 nights.  Obviously since we prepaid for a vacation package we weren't going to pay for the rooms again.  They said we needed to call our vacation company to figure it out with them.  So, we called the vacation company and they said they needed to get in touch with the Golden Nugget - I stayed on hold while they did this.  The woman kept coming back on the line to say that no one was answering at the Golden Nugget.  FINALLY 1/2 hour later, someone answered and they got it straightened out.  The Golden Nugget admitted it was a clerical error on their end.  So, we went back up to the front desk.  The clerk at the counter offered no apology and said our reservation had been fixed.  I asked to speak with a manager as I was unhappy we wasted an hour of our morning on their mistake (not to mention, had housekeeping not told my husband they had us down as checking out that day we would have never known! We were going to the strip that day, so would our stuff have been gone when we got back that night??).  Again, no apology until I expressed how disappointed we were in the service we were receiving regarding their mistake and I asked for some type of compensation - a room upgrade or something.  He offered us 2 buffet lunch coupons, which we were not interested in (no plans to eat lunch at the hotel the next 2 days) and then he told us that was all he could do and our reservation was fixed, so everything was fine now.  Maybe everything was fine on their end, but we left the desk extremely upset at their lack of empathy, inability to own up to their mistake and poor customer service skills.  At the end of our trip when we were actually checking out we were told there was a charge to our room for 2 nights at full price!!  They did fix this right away, but it was just one more example of their incompetence.. . Other Cons:  You have to pay for WiFi, but if you go down the street to the Plaza it's free and there are tons of places on the strip where it's free.  Rooms in the Carson Tower are dated and falling apart.  I understand it's the oldest tower, but some updates/upkeep would be nice.  . . Positives:  the pool, the super comfortable bed and the fact that it's downtown. . This was definitely our last stay at the Golden Nugget which makes me sad because it is where we got married.  We experienced such fabulous customer service elsewhere during our visit that I couldn't imagine putting up with the less than mediocre service from the Golden Nugget again.
I've stayed at the GN numerous times in the past,  so I was looking forward to this stay but was disappointed.  First, the prices are waay out of line for a DT hotel.  Yes, its the nicest,  but $15 for 2 eggs and couple slices of bacon is a bit much for their Denny's quality meal. Wifi in your room will cost you an additional  $14/day.   Add to that, $10 well drinks from the bar and you begin to realize whose paying for the new tower and fish. The night club has a sterile divish ambiance to it, so much so,  that to try to charge a cover would be laughable.  Simply put: The place is now well overpriced. For the price tag, I'd recommend the strip.
Worst place to stay to wait 6 minutes to check out over phone is acceptable!!. . Can anyone say half the people that work here have no clue what they are dojng here how come the operator has no clue what the cost of buffet is?
All downtown casinos are smelly filthy boring small crowded smokey dives not worthy of visiting.  This one is different.  Downtown Las Vegas draws the Walmart types.  This one is nicer, less smelly, more spread out, so you are not fighting with crowds.  If I'm forced to stay downtown, I would stay here.  But here's the problem, you still have to deal with Walmart type people as they are everywhere in downtown Vegas.
