How this place doesn't get in trouble for being over capacity, I do not know.. Fairly sure I would have gotten trampled to death if a fire broke out.  Nowhere to sit, no where to dance. I felt like a sardine! We stayed for about 30 minutes before we were officially annoyed. Really glad I didn't pay to get in. Too bad because the decor was pretty and I was kinda into the old hip hop they were playing. Still, I wont be back.
Tao is currently the hottest and trendiest spot in Vegas. I don't actively go to places because they're trendy and I don't actively avoid places because they're trendy. I care about the food.. . Day 2 ended with a visit to this hot spot. Tao is both a restaurant and a nightclub. We had reservations for 9:15 and a good thing we had reservations because this place was packed and a long line for the nightclub had already formed. We marveled at the fact that people were already lining up before 10 pm. . . RESTAURANT REVIEW (the nightclub review will be below). . After waiting a few minutes, we were seated along the side of the restaurant  with corner bench seating, which I loved because we had plenty of room and a good view of what was going on. Or at least we would have had a good view if we could see what was happening because it was one of the darkest restaurants I've ever been in. Dim lighting for romantic ambience = good. Only candles for light when you need to read the menu = bad. The table next to us was prepared and a guy pulled out a flashlight and accidentally blinded my friend in the process when he wasn't too careful with the beam of light. . . We wanted to start with cocktails and appetizers, but oddly everything came all at once. I particularly loved my cocktail, Lemongrass Cooler, which is made of citrus vodka, oolong tea, and lemongrass syrup. It was light, crisp, refreshing, and utterly delightful. It's the perfect summertime cocktail. The sweet potato tempura was delicious. The batter was crispy and light and not at all oily. . . For my entree, I had the soy glazed salmon with udon and spinach. When the waiter didn't ask me how I wanted my salmon, I was a bit concerned. Either the restaurant firmly believed that there was only one correct way to serve cooked salmon (medium = good) or they were so used to tourists' unsophisticated palates that they're very conservative with how they cook it (well-done = bad). Guess what I got. *sigh* Overcooked dry salmon on top of overly soft, overly cooked udon noodles. . . Although I could be talked back to Tao for drinks and appetizers, I'll do dinner elsewhere.. . ***********************. NIGHTCLUB REVIEW. . After dinner we decided to check out the nightclub. I was starting to get annoyed by the pretentiousness of this place. If you eat at the restaurant, you can skip the ridiculously long line and the cover charge. But in order to skip the line, someone stamps your left wrist with "Line Pass," then you leave the restaurant to go stand outside in a line, albeit much shorter, in order to get another stamp on your right wrist that says "Tao." Why can't you just give us our "Tao" stamp right at the table? . . BTW, coat check is $5. . . At 10:30 the club was already packed and hopping. This was the most crowded club that I've ever been to, regardless of the time, much less way before midnight. It was unbelievable. We were packed in on the dance floor like sardines. The official crowd capacity is 1300, but we're pretty certain that it was over that. I hate to be at Tao if there were a fire. I'm sorry, but that place is a death trap with so many people and narrow points of entry/exit. . . What's it like partying in Vegas at Tao, the hottest spot? Ho hum. I guess it's great if:. . 1) You're under 25. The crowd is awfully young.. 2) You're a guy over 35 with low self-esteem so you can only handle a silly young thing.. 3) You think Jersey Shore/B&T (Bridge and Tunnel) is the height of fashion. No one looked sharp. Most looked really trashy. Quite frankly most the people would never make it off the line in New York or Miami.. 4) You've never partied in NY or Miami. . 5) You (girl) want to be molested.. 6) You (guy) want to be emasculated in front of your friends, which by the way the fastest way to achieve that is to grab a girl by her waist from the back, catching her unaware, and start grinding her. If that girl is a p***ed off NYer, she'll rip you a new one. . . I do have to admit that the music was great. The DJ played a really terrific selection and mixed them creatively. . . When we left a few hours later, the line to get into Tao was a labyrinth around The Venetian. As for me with Tao, show me "the way" out of here.
Go to TAO if you like:. - super long lines. - being herded like cattle. - getting pushed around inside the club. - a lot of smoke. . So it was my friend's 22nd birthday and she wanted to spend the night at TAO, so of course, we all had to go. Even though we had gotten on a guest list, it only guaranteed that we didn't have to pay, which was nice, but the line was still really long; it looped around the walls not once, but TWICE. . . After waiting for over an hour, the guys in charge of the line moved everyone around in groups and kept telling us to move closer together or into random corners. I honestly felt like a cow the way they were herding us.. . Finally, we entered the club and immediately had to go to the bathroom after standing outside for so long. First of all, the bathroom doors had yin and yang signs. How the hell are we supposed to know which one is for men and which is for women? Also, while we were sitting in front of the bathroom doors waiting for the rest of our group, one of the security guards near the bathroom told us we had to leave because we weren't allowed to "hang out" in front of the bathroom. So why were there chairs there?!. . So we decided to go upstairs and dance/drink a bit. The first thing I noticed after getting upstairs was that it was PACKED. Attempting to get to the bar was so incredibly tedious. The bar area was also a smoking area, which I think is a terrible idea because all the smoke just hangs in the air because of the lack of ventilation. I felt like I was choking the whole time.. . When we finally decided to go dance, the place was just so packed we could barely move. Don't even think about dancing because I couldn't move at all. I was right up against other people and getting pushed all over the place because people were trying to move around and walk through people and OMG it was just horrible. . . After only about 45 minutes, we just decided to leave. We were tired, not from dancing, but from standing in line for so long. Nobody could dance anyway and the drinks weren't anything special but pricey, as with any other nightclub.. . Why 2 stars? The music was actually decent. Too bad I couldn't dance to it. The decor was also pretty cool. Too bad the rest of the clubbing experience didn't match.
Great Decor, zero character.. . The lounge area when you first walk in to this beautiful locale is great.  It's a perfect spot to soak in the lovely sights and enjoy some drinks.  If only the whole place were like this.  Unfortunately once you're in the lounge, you're only a few steps away from the epicenter of the douche universe.. . Yes the decor is magnificent, but besides that this place reeks of mediocrity.  On the weekends, they allow way too many people into the club.  It gets so packed that getting to the bar and around the dancefloor becomes a nightmare.  . . As far as the music, expect to hear your standard mix of hip hop and house.  The sound system is pretty impressive, as bass and trebble shake the floors all night.  . . Vegas nightlife on the strip best suits the wealthy and connected.  If you know someone here, or you'rea large group of girls, your experience will differ.  Buying expensive bottles and having a table for your group is the way to go if you can afford it. Otherwise, prepare to wipe off the cool water cologne and hair gel, since you'll be getting bumped into by the douchiest people in Nevada all night.  There are other clubs in town that do not feel as packed, have better music, and provide a better experience.  . . Come here for dinner, and go somewhere else after unless you're ready to drop big money.
Wayyyy too crowded for comfort. Must not leave VIP, must not dare the crowd...Great music though!
TAO was seriously whatevers.  People go with the notion that it is one of the most talked about clubs in vegas, but it is not that great.  The music was no bueno and the people there were gross.  There were for sure some creepers there too.. . I think TAO lets EVERYONE in. One of the only pluses about this club is that they have open bar for ladies from 10pm-11pm on Fridays and 930pm-1030pm on Saturdays.  Another plus is that the decoration and layout is very pretty. There are several bars that you can go to at the club. I believe there are about 3 bars. TAO has a small balcony behind the dance floor that allows people to go out to soak in the view of the front of the Venetian.. . I definitely do not like how you have to walk up 3 flights of stairs to get to the club from the TAO bistro which is where you walk in from. Girls in their heel I'm sure die walking up those stairs and people who get drunk will have a hard time going down those stairs. I imagine a lot of people have probably fallen down those stairs. . . The next time I go to vegas, I probably will not go to TAO.
I came here a couple of months ago during the holiday season. It was my friend's first time in Vegas, so we wanted to check out all the clubs. . . My group arrived extremely early (around 8 pm) and the lines were still ridiculously long. When we got in.. the place was so packed, there was no room to dance! We decided to leave after a hour because we weren't having a good time. As we were making our way out of the club, there  was a longer line to LEAVE the club! So it basically took one hour to enter the club and another hour to depart the club. A little absurd.. . As we reached the entrance while leaving the club, the bouncers were distributing complimentary TAO flip flops to the ladies! How convenient! I'm giving TAO another star because of this! Too bad I didn't stay long enough because my feet weren't even hurting at all to wear them. They are super comfy by the way! . . So if you plan to leave the club early, you may be lucky enough to cop a pair of flip flops for your stroll to the taxi. They should have a complimentary incentive for the guys. Possibly TAO condoms? Ha- Ha.........
how do i say this without sounding too bitter...?  shitty atmosphere, shitty door men, shitty staff, shitty drinks!!!  . . my friends and i had dinner at the restaurant, allowing us to get in to the club for free.  when stamped a 2nd time in line, one friend's stamp was barely noticeable.  rather then let her through the next door guy rudely tells her to get back in line.  she says *but the other guy stamped me, just not that hard.*  dude continues to fluff his feathers and yell at us to get back in line, so off we go (we weren't even drunk or obnoxious to warrant that kind of treatment!!!).  the original guy also gives big attitude as he stamps us again.  don't bother asking any of them questions as you'll get attitude and breeze. . . the club itself is done in a beautiful asian theme, and the dance floor is HUGE, but not when you have a bajillion people stuffed into the place like chickens ready for KFC.  drunk patrons push and shove their way past you to get from here to there, drinks splash all over your arm as people sway around you, and your cute pedi gets demolished from so many shoes stepping on your toes.  drinks are of course $14+ and watered down.  $9 for a bottled corona.. . i'd maybe, maybe try again but definitely get a booth next time...
NIghtclub review only:. . . Upon arriving to Tao's entrance, my friends and I were greeted with hundreds of patrons waiting in line to get in. I was totally shocked by the amount of people during this time of year in Vegas (we were there at the end of July). Luckily, one of my friends had connections with his associate and were able to have us bypass the line to the "hotel guests" section (obviously, we weren't guests of the hotel) and get complimentary admission to boot. After waiting in line for about half an hour, we were escorted up stairs into Tao Beach, which I thought was pretty pointless to be in considering it was 11pm and the pool was closed. . On a side note, what's so beach-y about Tao Beach? You have a pool, some lounge chairs and benches, a few VIP cabanas, and a bar. I don't know bout you, but it looked like your typical hotel pool environment to me. Nothing special.. . Drinks at Tao were very watered down and way overpriced AND I was not able to get a buzz going. I had a 2 ounce shot of Sex on the Beach for a whopping 12 bucks--for a shot! A friend of mine bought bottled water and that set her back 5 bucks. Holy smokes. A regular sized cocktail seemed to be a better deal for about 14 bucks.. . Anyway, it was a Saturday night and the club was packed like a can of sardines. Security was all over the place scolding at patrons to either clear the aisles and proceed to the dance floor or bar. . My group and I proceeded to squeeze into the dance floor to dance. It was pretty difficult to find room, but once we found it then we were stuck....flanked by gyrating people. It was really fun dancing, given a square foot of dancing space among others. Music was appropriate and the place was hoppin'. . . I've been to Tao a couple more times and it was always so so crowded.  Coat check was pretty nonexistent, and you're lucky to even make it to the main dance floor.  If not, then expect to dance by the foyer. . . It was a pretty fun experience, if you want that whole "Vegas" nightclub gig and don't mind the crazy crowds. Good music with a fun and young crowd and sexy decor. What else could you ask for? I may go back again (most likely not), and I'll definitely pre-game.
I'm sorry.. But I just don't get this place. . . I didn't like the menu... I didn't like the food.... I didn't like the service... Didn't like the fact that I waited over an hour to be seated..... Didn't like the price... Their drinks are small and... well, just bad.... Didn't like the club/ restaurant thing going... Even their air con pissed me off... lol...... . . Yes, the decor here is amazing and inspiring blah blah..... . . *urgh*
awesome ambiance, okay music, way too crowded, bad drinks, lots of cooters on parade (seriously girls, that's a shirt not a dress...). . to elaborate:. Decor: probably the best I've seen. dark, red lights, eastern-inspired stone statues, candles, rocks, bamboo, petals in water pools, red chandeliers, a roof-top pool ("beach"), dancers in sexy little outfits (not to mention girls in bathtubs with nothing but petals covering their boobs). overall, the ambiance is sick. modern, sexy and chic.  however, the patrons are not.... Dance floors: waaaayyy too crowded!  Went on a Saturday night, and the dance floors were not unlike mosh pits.  In fact, I would prefer the mosh pit.  And I don't even want to know what was on the carpeted floor in one of the dance rooms - I felt like I was dancing on tape and nearly lost my shoes several times.  Disgusting.. Music: 3 levels of decent music - a fair variety of hip-hop, pop, techno.. Drinks: nasty.  Long island iced tea tasted like maple syrup with some rum in it.  to avoid the maple syrup, you might opt for a safe bet only to find the best beer they have is aheineken... in a can.  this type of mediocrity is irritating when the club purports to be so posh.. . Employees were all very nice, which was impressive considering the drunken mob they were dealing with.. . This place has tons of potential, but while the space itself is awesome, Tao is just too crowded to enjoy.  the ingredients are there - the execution is not.
The hotness of girls has gone down by 10000000000%. What used to be the hottest club filled with hot girls and guys is now filled with... not so great looking people acting like they're hot. . . The hot people have all migrated to XS and Marquee. A few hot ones remain, but they probably didn't get the memo that TAO is sooo 2007. . . The crowd gets a bit better looking after 2am, but by then most people have had one too many to drink and almost everyone looks better.
Tao was one of the first nightclubs I hit the first time I came to Las Vegas. It was probably one of the best times I've had in a club. Then I went back again another trip and it wasn't as fun. The third time I came back, it pretty much sealed the deal that I wouldn't want to ever come back here. Why?. . The bouncers are starting to let everybody and their mothers in- that means all you ugly creepy dudes. If you plan on having any form of a good time, start here around 10pm, get your free drink wristband, get hammered, oggle at the girls in bathtubs, attempt to find the cab stand, and make your way down to another cooler less crowded club by 11pm. I recommend Moon and Rain at the Palms, Vanity at the Hard Rock, and Marquee at the Cosmopolitan.
Tao definitely lives off it's reputation. If you are a female then check this place out cuz there will definitely be 2 males for every female there on a Saturday night. Be careful about getting a table here, you might get stuck in a random spot that you really don't want to be in, like a hallway... Drinks are pretty expensive here, as they are most places in Vegas. . . The music in Tao is worse than most of the clubs in Vegas. Obviously you should expect to hear Top 40, Techno, 80s Hits and a little bit of Hip Hop but damn... But maybe the music wasn't any worse, I guess it could have been the crowd of guys, no one to dance with and drink prices that made me think twice about going back to the bar.. . I've been back to Vegas, had a pass to get into Tao and still didn't go... Check the other reviews, females are more positive about this place than males...
This place is just too damn crowded.  Once you're in, good luck getting the hell out of there.  Yeah it's nice, they have different rooms and pretty decor.  But each room seems to be more crowded than the last.  There's basically no way of dancing at all not even a two-step because you'll probably be stepping on someone. Drinks are small,  If it weren't so crowded i probably could of given two more stars.
Some yoked out guido accidentally punched me in the head. He was trying to hit a guy , missed, and got me instead. My hat went flying across the dancefloor and I was totally disoriented for a few minutes. NOT my kind of scene. Then again, this kind of stuff always happens to me.  Security took quite a bit to clear up the situation. Luckily, some Jolly Green Giant tall guys " rescued" me and pulled me into safety. . I still had a good time because I was with friends and family. It just reminded me of how much I love the low key life.  :)
Ah, I have fond memory of TAO. Blackeye, blackout, and every drink was free. This has no reflection to the venue itself though, just means I have flirty girlfriends with big boobs and a slight overestimate of how much they can drink. 3 levels, pretty terrible/outdated music, dancefloor packed so tight you could barely breathe, let alone dance. Maybe it'd be more fun if TI and P. Diddy weren't there causing claustrophobic traffic? Besides the pretty prop girls and how easy it is to score free admission tickets to get in here, there isn't much to speak very highly of. Ditch TAO, go for XS.
Crowded, mashups, girls all wearing the same clothes, horrible booze (like poison-you horrible), $12 drinks, $450 bottles. Not my scene but the club was pretty/well appointed. Many floors. Might be someone else's idea of a fun night, but it definitely wasn't mine.
Our first night out in Vegas was sponsored by my friends father who wanted to ensure that my birthday was the most absolutely over-the-top weekend of our lives. He wasn't messing around when he set us up with our own host for the evening and made sure that we had our velvet roped VIP section waiting for us complete with the Goose on ice. This should have been a sign of a fabulous evening on the rise, however our group of 7 was quickly moved (ice buckets, glasses, and all) to a much smaller lounge area to make way for a group of overly pretentious west coast yuppies. I understand money talking, but what the host was clearly not informed of when moving us was the unlimited tab that our table was running. The DJ was on fire, but to be honest when you're going to shove us in a tiny out of the way corner that was set up with the intention of giving us a safe haven from the douchebaggy overly alcohol inflated denizens of Vegas, why would we go out of our way to make it worth trying to get into full-blown party mode?
Seriously, if you want to have an awesome time clubbing DO NOT GO HERE! Way toooooo OVER CROWED!
Review's drinks only,. too much straightening our drinks,. table's fine, tres cher. . Bathroom's way too far!. Push through the crowded dance floor.. At least there's TP
the bistro is pricey but good food.  you have to want to go to enjoy the environment.. . the nightclub was subpar.  they played pop music and songs that are not fun to dance to unless you're drunk off your mind.
Huge club, lot's of people but it's a very posh pick-up joint. Wear your Rolex (fake, of course), rent/test drive the Porche/SR1/Ferrari and claim it's yours, buy expensive clothes (leave tag on so you can take it back the next day and still make rent), etc.  The people there are very plastic.  The dance floor was so packed that you couldn't move.  I felt like I was in a rush hour train in NY with some chick fingering my back pocket, trying to fish a bill from my wallet (true story - and, by the way, I keep my wallet in my FRONT pocket for that very reason).. . The music was OK but Studio 54 was a lot more fun.  If you're one of those party people who has to have the name TAO on their night-life resume, then great.  I'm more interested in having a good time, having a real conversation and making a real friend that's not based on what you drive, wear or consume.. . The food, however, was great.  Orange Chicken, spicy tuna, num!  I usually eat here at least once every time I come to Vegas.
Oh TAO, I've heard so much about you but I'm gonna have to agree with andrea v. with her statement "overrated with a crazy line". . How not to wait? Bring an all girls party with you. The more, the better. As my friends have noticed, TAO seems to go for quantity over quality. Yea, feel free to grab the next scantily dressed girl to add to your party so you can get in faster.. . How to get free booze? Arrive before 11pm and do the "how not to wait" part.. . And after getting enough booze, exit. Because there's really no dance space. They over pack this place so ridiculously it should be shut down for fire hazard.
Not very impressed. I have some questions...why was there a geriatric population in the club? And why did the DJ suck balls? Large ones at that. And why were there no beautiful people for me to enjoy? At all. . BUT....I am completely I'm love with the blonde bartender handling the bar on the upper level. She was theee shit. I love you miss. Forever. And I also have a tiny crush on her partner--the Asian bartender as well. :)
If I could describe this place in one word, the word would be "overrated!". Crazy lines, takes forever to get in, and when you do finally get in, it's a typical night club with drunks in it.. . I must say that the inside decor is pretty cool and it's really spacious inside.
Had pre-paid tickets ($10 girls/$20 guys ... a great deal compared to XS, Encore, etc.) from wantickets.com that helped us skip the general admission line that wrapped around the escalator area in front of TAO. We were let in within about 30 minutes, yay! . . However, TAO on a TAO "Worship Thursday" during EDC weekend for ATB (who was SICK! ATB! ATB! ATB!) was packedpackedpacked... maybe it was because it was also EDC weekend or because ATB was performing, but seeing everyone else's reviews, I wouldn't blame it on either. Like what Lauren L. states... TAO is unfortunately very small compared to the newer clubs like XS and Marquee, and management doesn't mind packing everyone in like sardines. Additionally, the bouncers treat you like shit unless you've purchased a table/bottle service. Also, bathrooms are sketch... the doors have a weird lighting effect controlled from outside that allows those from outside to see whats going on inside, and the doors don't lock properly (be warned of possibly getting locked in or being walked into whilst mid-business -_-).... . If you want to enjoy TAO... gather up friends to purchase a table and tip the bouncers. Otherwise, get buzzing so that you don't mind rubbing shoulders with everyone.
This place is way overrated. The vibe is blah, and the decor is mediocre at best. I've been to enough Asian-themed places to be impressed by a couple of large Buddha statues lying around. Really? You're gonna have to do a little better than that. . . We stayed at the Venetian so luckily we were able to get in without paying cover. They give all the girls these bracelets for free drinks. However, the bracelets are only good for the generic stuff so don't be expecting Grey Goose, Patron, or any other top-shelf labels. Our bartender was a complete toolbag. A couple of us Asian girls were all waiting around patiently to get his attention, but he helped the white girls who came after us instead. Oh, haiiilllll no. When my friend complained about his rudeness, he had the audacity to ask us to leave. First of all, if you're going to be working at an Asian nightclub with a predominantly Asian crowd, show a little respect to the Asians who want nothing from you but a couple of stiff drinks. And secondly, quit being a jackass.. . Moving forward, the club was so packed! And not in a good way, as in there was no room to dance. I got drinks spilled on me so many times that I lost count after the fifth time. Unless you get bottle service there is simply no place to sit or dance. Also, TAO has the strangest layout. There's a second floor but it's mostly just bathroom stalls. Every time you look up you see a bunch of girls standing in line looking bored. Like I said, weird. And a total buzzkill. . . Naturally, I probably won't be going back to this place after such a disaster of a night. There are way better clubs out there. Goodbye TAO, you can kiss my (authentic) Chinese ass and suck it!
This review is long overdue for Tao. I went to Vegas with a group of friends a few weeks ago, and most of them have never been to Tao. Since I had a promoter connection, I thought it would be a good idea to check it out; didn't matter anyway since we got in-house passes for staying at the Venetian. . . I'm Asian and I'm offended. . . It was my second time at Tao, and believe me, the experience didn't get any better even when slightly tipsy and with very good company. Like what other people said in their reviews, the layout at Tao is ridiculous. It's all very pretty and rose petally and giant buddha-y, but the first floor with the entrance to the club is reserved for tables only. So when you go in, you're immediately ushered up the stairs to the main dance floor and bars. First floor wasted. And that was where the giant Buddha was! Man, some people would like to have some fun around our own cultural/religious relics, okay?. . Second floor. It's literally a maze because the walkways are so narrow. It's actually quite spacious, but the dance floors are totally blocked off by one passageway with some rose petal dancers lined up against the walls. My friends and I had a bad encounter with a bartender too. Even though we had free drinks bracelets (goodfor before 11PM), the bartender said, no well drinks only, even though my friend got a cranberry vodka from another bartender. He said this to 3 Asian girls in front of him with their boobs practically dangling out. Geez, talk about not having yellow fever? Don't freaking work at Tao, dude. . . Dance floor sucks. I also feel like I'm squeezing my way through narrow passageways with people's sweat dripping all over me. There is a random elevated walkway/stage that is also roped off. The bouncers and guards are so much stricter here than other clubs like XS. They're like "no leaning against the walls". Mister, don't you see that I was practically pushed against this wall? Not my fault! . . I guess I'm spoiled by outdoor clubs like the ones in Encore, but oh god, Tao is so suffocating because it has no ventilation whatsoever. There is a tiny balcony that 30 people pack into like sardines because it's the only escape we have. Even then, the balcony's used for smokers and all I smell is the second-hand smoke killing my lungs instead of real fresh (desert) air. . . I gave this a two-star instead of one because I'm assuming the experience is slightly better if you have the $$ for bottle service, or if you're a very available, single lady looking to work your way into one of the tables.
I was in vegas about 2 weeks ago and I still miss it...BUT I would never go to this club again. The girls and I came here the day Kim K was having her bachelorette party. It was superrrrrr crowded. Even though we had "vip" we still had to wait about 20 min to get in. The music also sucked!!! They played "Birthday Sex" twice in a hour. They also played a bunch of old pop and hip hop. I prefer dance music, but I guess the dj was stuck in the early 2000s. The only cool part was when they dropped the confetti and this chick was doing some crazy tricks in the air. I should have went to marquee =/ Oh well there's always next year!
After visiting the New York location I was a little disappointed with the Vegas one. We had reservations and still had to wait to be seated, the service was lackluster, the food was alright, and the place was really crowded. The epitome of a tourist trap! . . If you eat there they let you get into the "club section" of TAO for free and you could allegedly skip the lines. It was such an overly-presumptuous place that they made us go outside again, get stamped, and then come back inside. We finally got in and we could barely walk, let alone dance. That's just not my cup of tea!
Why didn't I learn my lesson from the last time?  This last visit to Tao reminded me why I don't like it very much.  It's still overcrowded with SWEAAAATY people (passed by a dude whose shirt was SOAKING WET...ugh) and the music was so-so.  We were trying to dance in one of the smaller rooms and the DJ was super weird.  He played some funky songs that were hard to dance to.  Occasionally, he'd place some good tunes, but then he'd repeat them for like a minute too long.  It was AWKWARD.
I have been to Tao nightclub three different times and this is what I take from it.. . 1. I am assuming that bottle service would be highly recommended here as every other bar in this nightclub is packed and if your tits aren't sticking out over the bar good luck trying to get a drink.. 2. If you don't have VIP or bottle service reserved for Tao, you will be thrown in with the rest of the sweaty, nasty perverted sardines of this club. People are pushing and shoving you everywhere you go, trying to get into the middle of the club to dance. One girl even spilled her drink on me and said "oops, it happens." even though she was f*cking rude as hell and literally put all her body weight on me... this review isn't about her it's about Tao, but that did hinder my experience quite a bit.. . Tao DOES however, have an awesome ambiance and the lighting and set up of the club is AWESOME. I just personally don't like to be pushed and shoved around in a nightclub where every five minutes someone is trying to get by you and you can't even dance. . . The drinks were also very expensive.. . If you like crowded, loud, high adrenaline clubs, go here.. It just isn't my personal preference.. I prefer the type of clubs that are smaller with a lot of diverse people where everyone is drunk and just having a good time.. This place was a nuthouse.
I also ate at Tao, and it's goodness barely, barely offsets the horror of its nightclub enough to get starts. . . The food was incredibly expensive, but it was delicious. I had lobster dumplings and pad thai, both were great. My friends all ordered the sea bass or the fillet Mignon. I forced them to let me have a bite and they were also amazing. Dessert was the lava cake, chocolate spring rolls and fortune cookie, and even though I was full I forced myself to keep eating. . . Our waiter was funny and had good recommendations about the menu. So yeah. Dining there hit my wallet, but made my tummy so happy.. . Our dinner reservation included "priority" entrance to the club upstairs. The club made no party of me happy. . . I'd wager 90% of the club's real estate is devoted to bottle service. I don't know if having bottle service would make this place more fun or not, because we didn't want it. We were in Vegas for a bachelorette party and just wanted to go club hopping and have the "whoooo, we're going dancing in Vegas!" experience. . . Incidentally, you cannot have that experience at Tao, because Tao is where the "Whoooo we're going dancing" feeling goes to die. . . The non bottle service areas belong to overcrowded hallways and a tiny little dance floor. The logistics of the floor are so genius that to exit Tao, you must cross the dance floor. Looking for an exit strategy to get across is akin to what I think Moses felt when he first looked at the Red Sea: "how the eff do I get across this thing?!" . . It's an awful set up not only for people looking to run away to a better club, but also for those who decide to squeeze onto the dance floor to actually dance. Be prepared for these inevitabilities: You will get someone shoved into you as if you were in a mosh pit. A girl will step on your feet with her heels. You will smashed up against your friends and strangers in such close proximity it could be labeled as "extremely intimate." . . Vegas is packed with clubs and packed with restaurants. No matter how good dinner was here, I would pick any of those places over Tao every time... and I'd probably have more fun.
The same dominatrix women were standing at the door stroking each other; the same dangerous staircases to climb while tipsy were there; but even more strikingly alarming than last year was that the music sucked so so so so so bad! The DJ was spinning overplayed, mainstream hip-hop from 2005-2006; the catchiest and most recent song that he played was "OMG" by Usher, what does that tell you?. . After getting squeezed and suffocated on the dance floor, we fled to TAO Beach upstairs. The DJ was tons better, the fresh air was wonderful, and the dance space was plentiful. . . I like TAO for its ambiance and its adorned interior. I dislike it for its crappy music, crowds on top of crowds, and...crappy music.. . I'm giving TAO 2 stars because the highlight of my night was when my friend and I saw a fight when we were coming back from the bathroom amongst this hoard of girls. It was a MASSIVE fight, there were easily 20 girls involved in the brawl - and it was quite a scene. After purses, clutches, debit cards and cash flew everywhere, my friend and I made off with $20.00 ;]
Been here 3 times & two of them were for bachelorette parties.  My recommendation is to go when Tao Beach is open!  From what I was told that's Friday night.  I went this past Saturday & sure enough it was closed.    And get your ass a cabana at Tao Beach.  Otherwise, don't bother going as it gets way too packed.  And if you decide to go anyway & not get a table, show up on time to get comped drinks for an hour.  Drinks are expensive!
Okay I just want to say it is a beautiful place, really it is. The Interior design here is great and it was cool to see, BUT this place was FAR to crowed, I mean it was crazy.   . . The place was divided up into a bunch of small rooms with a bar, each had unique decor and different music playing which was pretty cool.  It operates on 3 levels, the main floor which is chill and has the restaurant, the second level which has the stage and other smaller rooms and upstairs where TAO beach (TAO Beach was better) is on the roof.    . . We went to see Public Enemy and the downside was that the entire place is all about VIP seating and booths and if you aren't VIP you are constantly shuffled around like a farm animal AND if you paid to see a show on a tiny stage, you wont see it very easily because the only standing room is the line to the bar and back out, unless you pay for a place to sit where you can view the stage. Also as others have pointed out the people there don't really seem to care about the music they came to see either....just a brainless crowd that acts stupid. . . The drinks are way overpriced and small for what you end up with.  I was in heals and not being able to sit down really pissed me off (just sayin).  It was one of those annoying stand in one of 2 million long lines to get in while everyone acts self important scenes, just to get into an over crowded and overpriced bar with no place to sit.  Overall it was an experience and I can appreciate the good points of it.  LIke seeing what we did of Public Enemy was pretty freakin cool even if the bouncers were constantly telling us we couldn't just stand there and watch the show we paid to see LOL.
If you want to be squished by hundreds of sweaty strangers with out even room to dance then come here. The restaurant is nice and I like the atmosphere the club has but Tao needs to seriously crowd control they let too many people in too fast, I was over it after 30 min. Not to mention the quality of people we ran into, maybe it was just random but this fat drunk Mexican literally feel on top of my girlfriend. My GF playfully smacked her ass when she got up. Apparently she didn't like that and started charging at my GF then tried to swing at her. Held back by all of her friends she finally stoped acting dumb and went away. I latter saw the same girl trying to dance on the stage where the bouncer kicked her off for being to raunchy. Thursday night might be better but I won't be going back. I've heard marquee and XS are much better clubs.
I've only been to TAO twice, but both times I was not very impressed. The first time I went, my friend/promoter had confirmed me on the guest list. However when I got there, the guest list worker rudely told me I was not  on the list. I argued with him and offered to call my promoter, buthe let me and my group go to a separate line instead. When I asked if we were still being charged cover, he snottily replied that he was doing me a favor by putting me in the line, since I wasn't even on the list. I guess I appreciate that he didn't just throw me out of line, but still, have some class and treat clients with respect. His attitude and behavior is a reflection of the company he works for, and I did not rate it positively.. . The second time I went was okay, but the dance floors were whack! Thank vodka for ladies' open bar before 11pm, otherwise I would've been miserable!! The venue is nothing special, service is poor and dance floor nonexistent. The only thing people should go for is open bar.
Super crowded and you have to take STAIRS to access the outdoor area.  Not a particularly attractive crowd either.. . Went once - it was once too often.
Good place to start out the night.  We got on a pretty nice guest list (all girls, of course) which allowed us free drinks from 10:30 - 11:30pm.  And BOY, did I take advantage of it. . . Getting in was fairly easy, but by 10:20 (which is when we arrived) it was already very crowded.  Get there early, girls, because once it's 10:30, that amazing guest list line closes.  We got placed in the bottle service area, without having to pay, and said we could stay there until the people that had paid for the table showed up.  So, I kept the drinks going (pretty much every 10 minutes, because hey, they're free) and took advantage of being able to SIT.  Heels in Vegas for a whole weekend does tend to take it's toll.  . . No complaints about the bartenders, they were fairly nice and quick.  The crowd isn't the prettiest here, and I wouldn't dedicate a whole night to this place. But, they had some amazingly beautiful girls dancing in the tub that was right behind us, and we were able to climb on the walkway above the dance floor to dance.  Our group got kicked out right as open bar was finishing up, because one of our friends got super sloppy and a security guard noticed.  So, not much else to say on this place..... . But if you are going to come here, start here.  Finish elsewhere.
Was excited for dinner out at Tao. I had eaten in the one in NY so thought we were in for a great meal. We arrived on time for reservation but had to wait about 20 minutes for a table. We grabbed a drink at the bar. The bartender was nice; cocktail was pretty darn good. Our appetizer was unbelievable...so good...so we were excited for our entrees which included pepper steak, sweet potato tempura and something else I can't even remember and we just ate there this past weekend. The steak wasn't edible, pretty bland and the tempura was salty. Our waitress was nice; service was good - just wished the food would have been. It is nice that diners get into the club without having to wait in the crazy line. I would have been ticked if I had waited in line for that club though...wasn't anything particularly special.
Tao Night Club:. . I've been here a few times. The first time I went, we didn't wait too long in line since we were early and on the guest list.  The other time I went, was when i took my BF, his friends, and his friend's GF to the club and we were in line for at least an hour and we were on the guestlist. Didn't get into the club till midnight?  We got on the dance floor and it was crowded.  My BF and I decided to leave the club and wait for our friends. The next day, my BF's Friend's GF was bruised up around her arms from bumping into people at the club. After that experience, I never recommend any of my friends to go to TAO. and from what I can remember the first time i went, the bathroom was far!
Lots of hype about this place. It's a good and maybe great place to go if you are (1) a good looking female, or (2) a male willing to pay for table service (about $450 a bottle). Otherwise, I'd say stay away.. . There seemed to be a constant steam of people entering the club. There also seemed to be a constant stream of people leaving the club. I suspect that the average time most people are in the club is about 30 minutes. The people staying in the club longer than 30 minutes are (1) the good looking females, and (2) the males paying for table service.
C R O W D E D!!!!!!. . something happened the last time I came here. All I gotta say is, that if you have any health problems, they have EMT's standing by!!! and might I add some cute looking ones too!! :)
Out of all the Vegas clubs I have been to, Tao kinda sucks. There isn't much of a decor in there. It's pitch black. Everyone stands everywhere and there isn't any security guiding people to move along like other clubs like xs and marquee. I would not choose this club again the next time I had a choice to pick a club to dance my butt off.
Meh.. . We only went because of Benny Benassi, free admission and open bar bands courtesy of a friend of a friend. 100% of my criticism has to do with the amount of people management wants to stuff into the venue. Though the music and Eastern style decor were great, I didn't appreciate getting fondled by drunk guys as we navigated the packed-to-capacity walkway and the alarming number of drunk, barefoot Asian girls throwing up in and around the club--you kiss your Popo with that mouth? I don't care how hot the girl is--no girl looks good fumbling and falling with a makeup-smeared face. Not cute ladies. . . Tao totally reinforced why I have always loved, and continue to love, gay clubs.
The food was average; I've had better Asian fusion food at other less trendy places. The nightclub was a different story....we had mixed feelings about it as we went two nights in a row. Packed dance floor, overpriced drinks, and they charged cover from the ladies, so not cool!
This place has a lot of hype but it's actually quite out-of-date on the music and no room to do any dancing anymore - too many booths!!
I was tempted to give this place 1 star, but I realized that the reason I had such a horrible experience was partly my fault and partly the fault of Tao.. . I got in on a guestlist, which...for people who have never done that before, don't let it fool you. We still waited about 1.5 hours in line before we got to the front. Definitely get there early...I didn't and end up missing out on the open bar for the ladies. . . When we finally did get in, we were essentially walking in a straight line the entire time until we found a bar. We didn't even realize this was the first floor...the layout is very confusing as most people say.. . The second floor was overcrowded. We were just standing there waiting for people to move. All the guys stepped on my feet (ladies....rethink the heels in this crowd) and one guy even spilled his drink on me and didn't even apologize. My boyfriend tried to find a place to sit, or even stand, and was yelled at by a bouncer when he accidentally walked into the VIP section. . . We tried to go to the dance floor, but ended up on the stairs to the dance floor with everyone in front of us giving up and dancing right there. We ended up leaving (after it taking us about 15 minutes just to get downstairs). . I realize this is Vegas and that it's a popular place, but there needs to be some serious control of the crowds and the bouncers need to cut out the attitude.
Despite meeting Wilmer Valderrama, Mike Tyson, and Alonzo Mourning here, this place was an absolute nightmare.  We each paid $40 cover to cram onto the dance floor like packed sardines.  If I ever came here again, I'd stay outdoors the whole time.  Indoors is like driving in LA traffic...total buzzkill.
I used to come here all the time.... the music used to be awesome... i used to have fun..... . key phrase: "used to". . Came here on a Friday night with 4 other girls from out of town.  We had left a different club (which was playing house or techno or electronic or dubstep or whatever you want to call that noise) in search of better music.  Yeah. Didn't find it at Tao...unfortunately.. . From what I recall they used to have 3 separate areas that played 3 different types of music.  The night that I came, the main dance floor and the little room in the back were playing the same garbagey techno crap that we thought we left with the previous club.  We ended up going downstairs to the tiny lounge/entrance area where the music was a little better...but not by much.  They were basically playing all the songs that they play on the radio that girls love to sing and act all American-Idol'y along to when they're drunk.  . . I dunno.  Maybe I'm old.  Maybe I'm jaded.  The girl with the flower bra in the bathtub doesn't do it for me anymore.  Neither do the anorexic chicks in the plexi-glass box/bedrooms.
With so many better options in Vegas, do yourself a favor and pick one of them. EVERYONE comes here, so it's insanely crowded without anything really special to offer. I was here for a bachelorette party once and the Kardashians were filming for Kim's birthday. Hands down worst club experience of my life. I was literally lifted off my feet by a sea of sweaty party-goers and had multiple drinks spilled all over my dress. Glad I had on my Forever 21 party frock rather than something more expensive. I was soaked! . . I've been back when it's not AS crowded, but long-lines, a less than elegant crowd, crowded dance floor and hackneyed tunes have proved consistent themes at TAO. . . A lot of people have reported fun nights here but unfortunately I have yet to have any great experience at TAO.
Everytime I go to TAO nightclub, I would ALWAYS have good time but to an extent then it just gets lame after that.  With people constantly shoving,pushing, and girls stepping on you with their high heels it gets to a point where I just want to leave.  . One time I was waiting in line and this girl in front of me raised up her leg to take a picture and her heel cut my leg and my leg started to bleed.  . . But TAO overall is a great place to dance since their music is very enjoyable to dance. The go-go dancers are pretty good and better than other go-go dancers I have seen in other nightclubs.
OVERCROWDED!!! . Came here for xmass weekend, had no problem getting in.. Coat check is outside, 5$... stood in line got in... they checked our ID's 4 times... cute little place. There were too many people there it was so hard to even take a breath... the bathrooms were kinda awkward, when you walked in the lady could turn the light on and they would see inside!! HELLLOO IM NOT DONE YET!!!. Little patio outside for people to smoke at, it was too small.. I dont smoke but I think i did my share of second hand smoke that night. . The bar was too crowded, hard to get the bartenders attention, and the drink wasnt strong enough... . Overall an ok place, could have been better!
For the two times I've been here, I can't argue with the experience. For a Thursday night, it's not too shabby. You can't really complain when you're a packed club with open bar for the ladies and complimentary drink tickets left and right, right? . . Funny anecdote: We almost accidentally got kicked out because they thought two of us were too drunk to be in the club when actually, they were looking for our other friend. We almost got escorted out some weird back-alley looking staircase leading who knows where.. . It's never a bad experience, but I haven't woken up the next morning and been like, "DAMN that was DAMN good night!. . It's always more like, "That was cool. Yeah, pretty fun. Free drinks though."
I had a fairly disappointing experience at Tao this past Friday night.. . I booked a table here for my bachelorette party.  Even though we paid extra for the guaranteed main room table placement, we still weren't in the desirable table area and were pretty much in the hallway, which was annoying after paying so much extra for what I thought was one of the good tables.. . The service at the table was great - we got brought in quickly, our security/ drink pourer guy was great, waitress was very friendly.  . . As a girl, I like to wear very high heels.  And at Tao that was no exception - I wore my 5 inch high stilettos and as usual enjoyed attempting to look like I could walk in them while drinking.  TWICE I was brought to the "drunk girl" area and told that I am too drunk, clearly cause I was stumbling in my shoes.  They made me take my shoes off, walk in a straight line, and talk to them for a bit to I was completely fine, which I was.. . It was extremely frustrating that after paying a shit ton for a table to be carted off and told I'm about to get kicked out for not being able to walk in my shoes, just to twice have them confirm I'm completely fine.  There were nicer, better, and faster ways to handle that situation.. . The dance floor was REALLY packed.  IMO I think it is too small as it was almost impossible to move around out there.  I would have preferred a little more room.. . Also as part of the bachelorette package, I was supposed to get a cake, and the cake never came.  I complained the next morning and they sent the cake to my hotel room which was nice but it didn't arrive till after we went out for the evening which was annoying. . Anyways - I would never go back to Tao, but I'm sure it's not terrible for everyone.  Make sure to wear shoes you can walk in :)
I am giving this 2 stars because of the nightclub.  I probably would have given 3 or maybe even 4 for dinner. . . Dinner: Obviously expensive.  We had reservations and still waited 20 minutes.  Maybe this is normal in Vegas but I thought it was crazy when they make you make the reservation, give your credit card number, and then call the day of to confirm. Hello, we are going to come.  My husband and I had the duck and really liked it.  They lure you in by saying you get a wristband for the club if you eat there, but don't tell you that you must purchase a $40-$50 entree to get that band. Service was mediocre.  In all, the food was satisfying. But go for the expensive food, not to get into the night club. . . Nightclub: awful.  If 500 people left, it may have been fun.  You couldn't move, and not in a good way.  It was uncomfortable and not enjoyable at all.  The bartenders were rude.  It took minimum 20 minutes to get a drink.  The drinks were minimum $14. We left after 30 minutes (maximum).  Veryyyy disappointing.
Packed packed packed packed packed. Gross guys tryna grab my girlies to drink with them, fools be tripping!. . The nekkid girls floating in gold bathtubs as you walk into the club are pretty hot, despite the fact that we were reprimanded for attempting to talk to them! Can't a girl just ask a fellow girl if she's getting pruney? Legitimate concern here!
It's a maze to get in or out of this place and just feels chaotic the entire time you are here, almost suffocating. VIP areas are SMALL. Decor is pretty cool, music is OK, really long lines. Not my favorite.
Two weeks ago I headed to TAO nightclub with a girlfriend and our boyfriends. Bringing the guys was our first mistake. We went because 50 Cent was hosting the evening. That was our second mistake.. . Even with guestlist, free passes and wrist bands, we still waited a solid TWO hours to enter the club. The bouncers told us, point blank, that if we hadn't brought our boyfriends, we'd be in the door right away. 'Nuff said.. . 50 Cent arrived around 1 a.m. and, after a quick photo-op, I'm quite certain he went through the club, out the back door and left. He wasn't seen again for the rest of the night. . . By the time we got in, it was packed shoulder-to-shoulder, the bars were impossible to access and room to dance did not exist. Needless to say, I was only more than happy to get out of there. Without purchasing bottle service, you can forget sitting down anywhere.. . To be fair, I'm sure TAO would be great on any other night. The decor is stunning, the dancers are beautiful, the venue is spacious and the music was fantastic. However, next time we're in Vegas, there are a lot of other nightclubs I'd be more inclined to check-out before I give TAO another shot.
Nightclub review:. . This is hands down the most overcrowded club on the strip, literally to the point of claustrophobia, and that's on a normal night with a resident DJ - try getting into Tao on a night when a headline DJ is spinning, you're going to be in some serious stranger danger.  The dance floor is too small, the bars are horribly placed, and there is absolutely no flow within the club, which results in most people just shuffling their feet while having someone's elbow jammed into the small of your back.  The sound system is alright, but is becoming dated and is out-shined by the other big clubs on the strip.  . . The simple fact is that Tao used to be one of the best clubs on the strip (if not the best), but it has fallen well behind the 8-ball in terms of the quality of experience and the level of talent that is coming through the doors.  They have begun grasping at straws, trying to regain some of their former glory, but it's clear that Tao Group have sacrificed their namesake club in order to bolster their sister property, Marquee.. . You're better off spending your money at Marquee, XS, or Surrender.
You ever been smacked in the bag by accident while playing sports? How about a 100 times a night? They need to work on some crowd control strats in that place. Music was OK. Asian Go-go girls were hot. Drink prices were about avg for Vegas...when you could get one. Overall not a repeat venture in my book.
TAO has become another been there done that location.  It is visually amazing and audibly great but there are a few deal breakers that make my experience more negative than positive.  TAO was once a place that everyone wanted to see and be seen at, now not so much.. . The biggest issue with TAO is the crowd.  Its too crowded.  If I go to a dance club its too dance and drink.  When the dance floor is so crowded that when you blink your eyelashes pushes someone "Houston we have a problem".  And it is like this every time I go.  Which is why I no longer go.  How can someone enjoy themselves in this type of environment?. . Also, when you go to the bar order 5 drinks at a time because you will never get another chance.  I want to drink and dance and those are the two things you cant do in TAO.  Even making your way to the bathroom is difficult and time consuming.  SO don't wait until the last minute otherwise you might pee your pants.  Speaking of the bathrooms, lock the door otherwise the glass wont frost.  Learned the hard way.. . The only way I will come back here isif I'm going to TAO Beach.  Now TAO Beach deserves a healthy 3 1/2 stars.  Under normal circumstances id say 4 but TB is related to TAO and the family name has been tarnished.. . Enjoy, as much as possible.  I prefer not to spend my evening tapping people on the back because they pretend they don't know you are trying to pass them.
I loved eating here, but as far as the nightclub goes, it's not my favorite.. . First off - it's like a maze. The place is HUGE and gets way too packed. If you come with a big group, you're going to lose everyone. We always start off in the middle, get frustrated because there's no room to dance, go to the rooftop and dance a bit only to find that it's slowly getting packed. It's overwhelming.
Where do I start, beautiful set up, pretty good food if you come during the day or dinner but as far as the nighclub it is not my top choice.  . It is extremely difficult to get in, my group was walking out at 3am and there was still a few folks coming in.  the lines are huge, if you are going try to find some list, vip passes, or something to get you off the regular admission. . The club was overcrowded memorial day weekend, extrememly difficult to walk around, and even get in and out of dance floor.  Once on the dance floor it was shoulder to shoulder so you are rubbing against everyone next to you.  . general admission for guys is 70, and 30 for ladies.. The crowd is young and mostly attractive so I know why folks go to this lenght to get in, I dont think I will be returning.
**Tao Club**. . ///PROS///. - Great space--ambiance (lounge/dinner floor)--although we did not eat here. Could not get reservations until 11:30--so went to Sushi Samba instead. It reminded me of Tao NY so assume the food would be just as good. . - I was free (husband $20)--cheaper than SF ($20 each at most clubs w/out headliner). - Liked the red light district girls touch--reminded me of Webster Hall (NY, circa 1990). - Liked the dancers--but no where near as out there/theatrical as say Webster Hall (NY, circa 1990)--or even Ruby Skye (SF now). - OK music 2nd floor, main space (electronic mixed with Top--that is until Hip Hop took over). - We pushed our way through all spaces and ended up to the right of the DJ booth leaning up against a railing above the dance floor. At least we could "watch" but as I was there to dance (that was my primary objective for our weekend away) a bit miffed it was impossible. . - Below our spot were some Dom Perignon swilling rappers with betties dancin' about. No idea who they were (others seemed to) but swilling directly out of a bottle, texting and making out were all funny to watch. They had 4 open bottles at all times available for 5 people--and a corner booth with plenty of space. Too bad we're not them.. - Snow and money cam flying out of the ceiling--cool touches. Funny that most people didn't notice they were bills--which is probably whyTao sent guys out to pick up the rogues. Cool Vegas touch in any event.. . ///CONS///. - On VIP list--showed up a little after midnight and the door guys said they closed it at midnight --thus waited in "a" line (there were several, uncertain what was what). - Completely convinced that if I were with a group of girls--I would have gone in. But with my husband--um, a male, we had to wait.. - NO--none--zilch  space to friggin' move let alone dance at 12:30ish on the 2nd floor. The actual dance floor in the main room on the 2nd floor is amazingly SMALL. It is not comparable to say Ruby Skype or 1015 in SF. Both of which I frequented for years with crowds, huge headliners and space to dance. At times I had VIP tables--but they didn't take up the whole damn joint like Tao Club Vegas.. - Unless you pay 1K (no where near the dance floor) or 2K (near the dance floor) you are NOT VIP--and cannot move, get a drink or dance. For 4+ people not all that bad--but for 2? . -  It took us a good 20 to get the first cocktail--standing at the bar.  The three female bartenders would NOT even look at us. As I have been a bartender at a large club early nineties--service really gets to me. And there was no need for them to be quite to bitchy. Acknowledgement goes a long way. Normally an amazing tipper. Not so tonight.. - 3rd floor electronica not open--even though we'd asked concierge and door guys if Tao was spinning electronica/house Sat night prior to wasting time/money. If it was "so" busy why wasn't floor 3 open?. - Hip-hop in the smaller dance room on floor 2--but then took over the main dance floor as well (UGH! So left earlier than expected). . ///IF YOU GO...///. - Make sure there is a headliner of music YOU like--then pay for a VIP table near the dance floor. This will enable you to at least get cocktails, dance in place, on tables, dividers and sofas. Otherwise you are screwed.. - But if you have frequented--or still frequent large clubs in major cities--level set your expectations.. . ///WOULD WE GO TO TAO CLUB AGAIN?///. - Not unless we had a table near the dance floor with electronica/house as the main event.. . . ***SEE OUR OTHER REVIEWS***. . + The Palazzo. + Lavo. + Lavo the Club. + Azure Pool. + Tao Club. + Sushi Samba
We stayed at the Venetian last weekend and were gonna go to tao.. but.  We get to the line and the douche bouncer tells us to get rid of our drinks.  We start to chug and he says "no you gotta throw them away!" so we do.  We start moving forward in line and now he wants us to get rid of our sunglasses...( i know it's night time... but it's vegas!) anywho, we take them off and he says "no you gotta get rid of them!" by this point I said screw this place, it's overrated and packed as hell.  We start walking away and the same douche kicks a girl out of the line because she was wearing flats (according to my GF it's shoes w/o heels).  I'm sure that if it had been a hot chick he wouldn't have said crap, but since this chick was a little heavy he decides to put her in the spot.  Then we see the "hotel guests line".  We go over to ask something and we get another douchebag just saying "you guys gotta get out of here!"  I said we're staying here, he says "we're not owned by the hotel, we can do what we want!" screw this place!  on top of that it takes like 30 min to get a drink in there.
Probably the most overrated club in the history of Las Vegas nightlife. (Although let's keep in mind that I'm not reviewing their daytime activities.  I hear that's a lot better than their nightlife, so this review in no way analyzes that experience.). . For one, it's a nice club.  For some reason I felt like I was in one of those clubs where the bad guys from Rush Hour 2 chill after a long day of murder.  They also got girls in what looks like fish tanks (not cages) dancing.  I found it more funny rather than enticing.. . There are two main dance floors, a big one for house, and a more intimate setting for hip hop.  And for the first few hours, they sucked.. . However the hell their DJs are need to no longer be hired.  The hip hop room plays bottom 40 non-hits from decades ago... in other words, undanceable... and the house room was inconsistent with "drops.". . Luckily, with some patience, things got better.  Both rooms started to get hella crackin, and I guess it gave the DJs hard-ons or something because they suddenly clicked.. . Why 2 stars?  It was almost too crackin.  So crackin that you'd see trains of guys headed to the dance floor followed by one girl... an old girl at that.. . Since Tao is popular to EVERYBODY, it means old people are there too.  And guys.  Lots of guys who think they got game.  *shakes head*. . To make matters worse, WELL cocktails are $15-25 each.  Horrible.  I'm just not going to make a big deal about that because their bartenders are hella chill people.  I actually bought the blonde chick at the hip hop room a drink for being somebody cool to talk to.  (But yeah, if you're striking a conversation you can actually hear in a HIP HOP room... that means it wasn't crackin in there.). . Again.  Probably the most overrated club in the history of Las Vegas nightlife.  Oh yeah, there's hella stairs.  So ladies, if you're wasted (and guys won't be wasted here because drinks are too expensive and most of yall get it free), take off your heels when you leave the club.  The stairs are carpeted so you don't have to worry about catching chlamydia.
A SINCERE, PG Abridged Version of my review: It's pretty fun.
Vegas, your facade of exclusivity evades me. I'm not waiting in line dressed in 4"+ heels to dance to crap music while sweat drips down the walls.
I'd heard Tao was decent from a friend but was hesitant after reading a few negative reviews. Unfortunately, my own personal experience at Tao didn't change my mind about what I had read. Though we were on the guest list (which you pretty much have to be on just to get into anything in Vegas) the line was long and confusing. The roped line next to us was opened up to female-only groups, which we were, so we switched. However, we were then asked whose list we were on. The gentleman could tell we were confused and was nice enough to give us a name of a promoter so we could get in the expedited line. We were allowed in after only a few minutes and with no cover charge and given an open bar wristband for the next hour. This was definitely the biggest plus of my experience. . . That aside however, the drinks were terrible! Not only were they weak (to be expected when they are free) but poorly mixed. My long island tasted like sour pucker with a little bit of soda. After leaving the tiny bar/dance floor area, we made our way up to the pool. For whatever reason, it was closed in the middle of July! In addition, the largest area to dance and sit in was closed off to VIP. Though we were able to sneak our way in, there was still nowhere to dance let alone move.. . I know Vegas hot spots are crowed, but I see no reason to stand in a long line, pay a cover, buy over-priced and poorly mixed drinks, and proceed to stand around awkwardly because there's no comfortable place to dance or socialize. The fact that I practically paid nothing and was still disappointed speaks volumes...
This place sucks. I went a few years ago, so if I go back, I'll provde an update. One of my friends made a big deal about it so we gave in and went. Big disappointment. The ambiance is great and refelective of the Asian vibe, but as a club, it sucked. It was more to me a place where you go to be seen, you know, a place that you brag about being at to all your friends. I wasn't impressesd. I don't care how many celebrities party here, the club was still wack.
2 stars for the atmosphere. That's all they get. I love the rose pedal bathtubs at the entrance, and the pink boxes that the go go girls sat in to look pretty. Even though I am a female myself, I could not stop staring at those girls inside. It reminded me of those windows in Amsterdam's Red Light District. . . My group and I hit up Lavo first, and then to TAO after the promoter gave us wristbands for free entry to both places. We were probably in TAO for a total of 15 minutes. There were so many people inside, it was so difficult to get through in the main room that everyone just lined the walls and went around. Halfway through, I gave up because I wasn't getting anywhere. My friend said that they weren't allowing anyone else to enter the dance floor, wherever that was. . . Then we all left. Maybe it was because our heels were killing us, or maybe it was because we did not enjoy the vibe at TAO, maybe it was both. But for now, I am not going back to TAO.
Not as pretty as I imagined it, just a regular club, nothing special and way too crowded!! I know that's all Vegas clubs, but this place was ridiculous; you could hardly breath in there. Couldn't dance, couldn't walk, just stand there and sweat! The balcony area is really nice though, but again very small and narrow.
I'm a sucker for cute rose petal covered girls in bathtubs, swinging fom the ceiling to deliver champagne to VIP, and hot, lingerie clad girls in window boxes but  you can't stop to look at them because the jerk bouncers or security that are like Mack trucks run you over and force you to move along! I understand it's their job but there's a time they need to be that way not all the time! . . We were staying in the penthouse suite at the Palazzo. It was 2 of my friend's birthday day and we had passes to get in but they told the birthday girl it was $20 each. And she was going to pay! I went in and spoke to the manager and we were escorted in, no charge. . . Walking in almost reminded of Janet Jackson"If" video. Almost. It's always too packed on the main dance floor but the music and atmosphere was good. . The Dj does change the music a little too soon but good set. . . I just can't get over the "not so gentlemen" bouncers and security. Not everyone is the extremely intoxicated person that gets into a fight for some stupid reason and won't remember a thing about how they ended up in jail...in Vegas!
This was the place to be around 2-3 years ago. But now its just Meh!. I came here this past weekend and they seem to make sure its really pack that you cant even breathe in there. The music is great, kudos to the DJs but the bartenders and bounces are rude and slow. . . Why the heck to you get on VIP if you are going to wait 20 mins to get in. Redick!. I like the asian inspired decor and the go go dancers but thats about it.
General:. $30 cover for men (even with my 2:1 female to male ratio group).. Guest list line as well as general line, guest list line was 25 minutes. . . Positive:. +Go-go girls are cute.. +Great dance music.. +Best decor of any Vegas club I've been to. +Girls in the group enjoyed it very much!. . Negatives:. -Too crowded, even for a Vegas club. -Poor people management system outside club = asked to move often while waiting for group to arrive several times.. -How did creeper old guy get in?  Short bald old man nudged me several times before groping girl in my group.  He left after I made my presence 'obvious' to him but how does this type get into a well known club?. -Line for mens room was 15 minutes. . Conclusion: Go there for the experience, watch your girls, enjoy the decor.  You may not want to go back.  I do not and will stick to larger or less crowded venues.
UGH. I hate this place and just because I'm feeling generous, I'm not giving this place one star. . . FIRST, the dancefloor is just WAY TOO SMALL. You know how jello wiggles if you touch it? Well that's exactly the way the crowd is when you're at Tao. One person moves a little, and the WHOLEEEE crowd moves along with him/her. IT'S THAT CROWDED. You see your friend across the dancefloor? GOOD LUCK GETTING TO HER! It's near impossible to get ANYWHERE. . . SECOND, dude, CALM DOWN! I'm sooooo sorry I wanted to share my drink with my friend! You don't have to go all crazy on me geesh! Just tell me nicely that I can't share my free drink with my guy friend, you don't have to yell at me man. You're not my parent. . . THIRD, ok, promoters are supposed help you get into the club either for free or if not free, without a wait....Our's did none of the above. Yah I understand this may not be relevant to your club, but this is part of your marketing and customer service so...figure it out! Gosh. . . Moral of my review, this place is small, overcrowded, and the people here are rude.
HERE'S MY IDEA OF A PERFECT NIGHTCLUB.. . 1. A huge dance floor. When you really wanna get down, you gotta be able to move freely without having to worry about getting an elbow to your chest or face.. . 2. Bar. You also gotta make sure the bar itself is pretty big and the area around it should have ample space as well.. . 3. Easy acces. Why the hell would you have to go up  a set of stairs just to have to make it to the main dance hall? You got female club goers all dolled up in their stilettos complaining that their feet hurt just making the journey from their car, waiting in line, and then stairs to deal with. The worst time is when its time to go. You got blisters already just from dancing (that is if you had any kind of room whatsoever), AND if you are drunk, you can easily be on youtube the next day.. . 4. Have plenty of bathrooms. It's bad enough you have to wait to get in to the club, but you have to wait in line to go take a leak as well? Yes when you drink alcohol it gives you an awesome feeling. Only problem is, it goes right through your system. So alleviating that should be convenient and not time consumming.. . Music, DJ's, bouncers, and bartenders should always be givens. From what I saw these were very good.. . Overall, I would rather go to a club that was not as popular cuz at least you can walk around somewhat freely and have enough room on the dance floor to be able to do "The Dougie" or the  "Gangnam Style" dance. Im pretty sure some fire codes were violated based on the zombie like overcrowding. Im surprised there are not more fights and/or lawsuits resulting from pushing, shoving, and groping. . . So if I had a couple million in my back pocket, I would build my own club and call it "The Warehouse". LOL.
I generally love this place. However, I have never been treated with such disrespect by literally everyone who works there. It kind of ruins your experience.  Even though we had dinner reservations, they treat you horribly. The food was decent and the club was fun, but it's hard when you are already in a bad mood from the staff. The bartenders and waitress were ok, but other than that, I hated how everyone wad being treated. Customer service is a big part of an experience. Other night clubs are better about that.
This was another stop on the boo and I's Vegas excursion. We opted to get dinner at the Tao restaurant next door. They offer some sort of VIP pass so you don't have to wait in line, I recommend you do this so you can skip the line of 1,000+ asians. The club itself is on the second floor, so you will have to climb some stairs. Once inside, get ready for some sardine action!. . What I mean is that you will be packed like a fish in a tin. Literally. They stuff em in this place, and that makes for a lousy night. The club itself was beautiful, and the music and dance floor was perfect, but it's just too small for the amount of people they let in. Drinks were expensive and the bar was very hard to get to, and the bathrooms leave much to be desired. We didn't do bottle service here but I imagine it would be very expensive. . . Aside from being a hotbed of asians, there were also lots of creepy dudes watching chicks dance. These were 50+ year old sausages just standing on the sidelines, getting their jollies watching an ocean of asians dancing the charleston. So yes, at times it can be a sausage party. . . All in all, check it out if you're in the Venetian, but make sure to get dinner and a VIP stamp, otherwise you'll be waiting in line all night.
Tao, for all the hype I like just not so happy. . First It took 35 minutes to get inside :(  and we got there at 12 am. Tyga was there the night I went and so so so many people came out to see him, they club was over packed some type of fire hazard rule had to of been crossed. This is a big club but you are shoulder to shoulder with everyone no wiggle room what so ever. . Left the main dance floor and hit the reserved area to find someone at a table to enjoy there bottle service, we did and that killed about 1 hour and got liquor in us, because no free drink tickets were given out here!! even tho i PAYED 20.00 dollars to get in! . Around 2 am the dance floor cleared some and we were able to hit the main floor. The club closed at 4:30 am so you can just imagine how many people were still left.. The club looks nice on the inside and was fun but over crowded and the layout was confusing especially with a lot of drunks. by the time the club closed and we all got shuffled out and into the parking structure it was past 5 am... I would never go come here agaiin.
We were in Vegas for the weekend celebrating a friends birthday. She wanted to have dinner at Tao before a show. With dinner, you can get a Tao stamp for a free entrance to the nightclub. There was hardly any wait for us other than to show our ID's. . Music was really good on the friday night BBBBBBBUT because we felt like sardines and were pushed and elbowed around from the numerous people on the dance floor, it was a no. . . If the place was bigger or didn't let so many people in, I would give this place a 4 or a 5. Ladies, be cautious. Three flight of stairs.. just saying
TAO is overrated. I know that may sound harsh, but keep reading below.. . 1. Wrapping the line all the way around the plaza is a sleazy tactic to make the club appear in-demand.. 2. The bouncers need to stop power-tripping. Just because you get to wear a suit doesn't mean you can act like a prick.. 3. This place is dark as night. I understand that you're trying to create a certain vibe, but a little bit of light won't hurt.. 4. Too many narrow walkways. . 5. Way too packed. I suppose a lot of Vegas clubs are, but TAO takes the cake for this category.. 6. DUDES. Lots of dudes. I don't care since I usually go with my girlfriend, but I feel sorry for my fellow bros trying to have fun.. . There a few positives, however.. . 1. TAO Beach offers a nice escape from the madness. Great place to get some fresh air and hang out with friends.. 2. Lots of top notch DJ's and performers. . 3. Intriguing Asian/Buddhist theme.. 4. Bathrooms are clean and accessible.. . Despite my 2-star review, I would go back to TAO...on the guest-list, of course.
I came here for my company event with the entire section reserved for dinner and a table-booth for a night club later at night. I had a great time, but overall experience was just ok. . . Pros:. - Great theme/ambien venue.. - Accessible and cleaned bathroom. - Great music/DJ performing events. - Located by Venetian hotel.. . Cons:. - Strict dress code. (fyi). - Very crowded with relatively limited space. - Security/Bouncers have attitude problem. If you're a guy, double that. . . I'd suggest any company that wants to arrange a special event should take business elsewhere. You would get more space and better service.
So we ended up coming here for my gf's 21st. We got ourselves a table which was awesome, but it was right by the hip hop room and the music was pretty weak. Our server was really nice. She came by to clear our table and refilled our drinks pretty often. Shout out to the busty asian hostess (lol).. . The table itself wasn't too expensive, something like $600 which got 6 of us (3 guys 3 girls) in quick. I don't know if it was the location or just how it was everywhere, but our table wasn't really sectioned off at all so people kept getting all up on our sh**. Pretty lame.. . This club is okay but it's pretty overrated. It's the EDM area is literally jammed packed with dudes, no thanks.
The music sucks! Dj was really bad. Bunch of guys and not enough females. Dance floor too crowded
I have nothing nice to say.....spend your dollars somewhere else...sorry TAO
Don't come here if your guy to girl ratio is not at least 1/2, or else you will be required to pay for bottle service.. . Good news is that there's more girls than guys upon entering.. . Workers are all snobby and stuck up outside the club.. . Expensive drinks inside, so make sure you pre-drink somewhere else.. . Will get crowded, so you should come early.
I didn't like the layout of this place. In the main room, there was a very large area roped off, which you needed to have a badge to get into. I assume that was VIP? There were a lot of non VIP people in a rather crowded section right next to it. I guess that was the dance floor for the rest of the people? This was a 'dead night' and i felt it was just too crowded in that one area where almost no one had room to dance.. . Then there is the other room, which was practically empty. That suited me fine considering I wasn't bumping into anyone and did not have to wait forever to get my drink. I walked back and forth the whole night until they closed up this room. Bummer.. . Overall, just a regular club experience.
Fancy on the outside, Meh on the Inside. . . Looks fancy with all the nice asian decor everywhere and the high ceilings but overall nothing special. Dance floor is pretty small and gets super packed, as does every other dance floor. When I tried to get on the dance floor as soon as I made my way on there after push and shove I wanted to snake my way out because there was no way I'd have fun rubbing up against everyone whether I wanted to or not. . There is a hip hop room but it was kinda dead and felt like a high school dance when I went.  The whole time I was there I felt a little conflicted with staying in the awkward hip hop room or walking around in the main room trying to find a spot and eventually just left to go party somewhere else. . . The one thing I do like is the open bar they have for ladies for an hour, but that barely makes it worth it.
I am not a fan of Tao.  There are so many people there and the place is always packed.  All the publicity for the place is working well for them, but not so much me.  Unless you have a table, expect to have people constantly bumping into you and drinks spilled on you.  The place has a hip hop room, but when I was there sometime last month, it was closed off.  When I go out, I like to dance, not stand around.  That's nearly impossible to do hear due to so many people.. . The workers who work here think highly of themselves, just the same as the people waiting to get in.  Some of them were rude and not helpful at all.  A friend of mine had a table, and we had 2 guys with us, and they were not allowed to come up with us to the table, which is crap.  I would much rather go somewhere else less crowded and the employees weren't rude.
I try to avoid this club. It takes forever to getin and if there's a special guest, forget it unless you have a table. Soo so crowded, it's hard to find a comfortable place to stand on the main level let alone dance. Music wasn't that great most nights I've been here. Don't like the hip hop room very much. The last time I was there, they weren't even playing hip hop in there. Don't go here if you're not VIP.
Honestly, I have no idea why people love this place. There's hardly any room to move at all, because everyone wants in. The club was so full at one point that they would only let us be outside, we couldn't even get inside. When we were finally able to get inside, I didn't want to be there any more. The rooms they have are small and the dance floors even smaller. This club is honestly all about the bottle service. They make it impossible to get any kind of drinks and they just don't have any standing room at all. The music was ok, but I really expected sooo much from them, being TAO and all.  Also warning to everyone, people can smoke inside so it makes it really hard to breath, because the smoke just hangs in the air. . . Overall I would have to say save your money and time. This is not what it's all built up to be. I'm not quite sure why celebrities think this club is hot. Everything is over priced and the music is ehh....
Ugh...I wish I could say I liked this place more since I was here to see Kaskade!! Unfortunately, this place just didn't do it for me. I appreciate their efforts of re-entry but I'm afraid to say that it makes the place WAY too crowded. A couple of other concerns tao.... 1. I didn't like the hip hop room and thought it was rather awkward . 2. Why are there tables in the hallway/walkway area? What's the point of that...you can't see anything! . 3. Every bathroom I used was gross and dirty (in my opinion) no toilet seat covers, etc. . 4. Way too many Asians . 5. Lastly, I was told by multiple employees that Kaskade would start his set at 1. That was a lie. (Boo) . . Sorry Tao, I'd rather spend my night somewhere else
I never went clubbing in Tao's heyday, unlike seemingly every AZN from Irvine/San Jose/San Gabriel. Maybe it was better five years ago, because it seems to suck now. With XS, Marquee, Light, Tryst, Surrender, and Hakkasan in town, I see absolutely no reason to ever step foot in here, except maybe to get on their open bar deals through a girl friend. . . Came here for Memorial Day Weekend. Everyone in our group got in free for Kaskade because we had somewhat of an even ratio of girls/guys for the guest list and yet we ALL ended up leaving early because it sucked so bad. . . With all the advertising Tao does, it's pretty clear that all they care about is quantity over quality - the mishmash crowd reflects that. In line there were some people who clearly had never been clubbing before (baseball caps to a club??), as well as some serious cougars who really had no business being anywhere in a Vegas nightclub. . . Half an hour - that's how long I stuck it out at here, before I gave up and got the F out. HOLY S*IT, THIS PLACE IS SO CROWDED. I could not move! It took me ages to find the bathroom and the line was so long, with me being at the bursting point, I just gave up and left the club. . . Tao has clearly been displaced by the better clubs in Vegas; I would not be surprised if it goes the way of Pure and caters to an increasingly ghetto crowd.
I really did not like this place. One of my friends met a so called club promoter at a pool party in Vegas and told her to gather some friends and come on over to the club. Which we did and they sat us at a booth which was awesome.. . Now for the now so awesome part. That booth they sat us at well yeah they also sat 10 other people there and they said all they will ask for is us to tip the waitress 20 dollars. Well we tip her 20 dollars they brought us 3 small bottles of water down vodka and expect us to share it with the 10 other random people they just sat at your booth after you and your friends just paid over a few hundred in tips. And after those 3 water down bottles were gone mainly from the random people sitting at your booth they expect you to pay at least a 100 dollars for another bottle what a joke.. . The Only good thing about this place is that it was at the venetian which was the hotel we were staying at and it is very nice in there. Maybe it would be different if we didn't get in through a shady so called club promoter which we also seem pocketing the tips that were suppose to be for the waitress.
Probably my least favorite club in Vegas. Even with a table it becomes too crowded and when Vegas is over 110 a small over crowded club becomes a sweat box. Trying to squeeze thru the mass just to get to the over crowded bar is not my ideal hot spot
The only reason this didn't get one star is because it did have a cool theme.. . I went a night there wasn't even a famous DJ playing.. . It was awful, line even for the guest list took forever, it was SOOOO PACKED it was crazy. I couldn't walk, lost all my friends, bathroom line was a damn joke - girls was upstairs and guys was enough for three dudes at a time.. . But it was way too hot and way too packed to even enjoy yourself. I left in 15 minutes and got my money back.
Dinner was decent tasting but a bit overpriced.  Medium hungry group of 7 guys and just two $45 bottles of sake and the bill was $500.  The club was alright, but didn't live up to the hype really.   I guess it was an OK option to get dinner and skip the cover, which is a decent strategy in Vegas.  I would say that the food was better and the club just as good at LAVO even though it's smaller.
OH Dear TAO .. . You disappointed me. . Well actually I kinda knew you would disappoint me .. because I have been hearing how LAME you have become, but I still wanted to give you a chance. . ( You were kind of affordable too ). . It was a thursday night near the end of August. I came to Vegas for the Magic Week, and I wanted to enjoy Vegas for a day with my friend. Since he did not want to spend much money on Clubbing, I only had few choices. . . 10 Dollars for Girls, 20 Dollars for boys. Waited on General Admission, and we got inside after 20-30 minutes. . . My friend first hesitated to go to Tao because " Tao - " is something he likes in Buddhism. I was, you know... trying to tell him it's just a theme they chose... but damn ... I was surprised. I was wondering if  any Buddhist would take this place offensively. Its very cool interior to me though. I really enjoyed their decor regardless of some ignorance towards Buddhism culture. . . People on thursday were nothing impressive.. Couple cute girls, ( None of those girls can beat their go-go dancers though. ) and mediocre-looking men... ( nothing special.. sigh..) Maybe I am little spoiled by LA-club scene. I am not saying LA club scene is awesome, but they do have lots of Actor / Model wannabes. ( = More eye candies ) . . I shall definitely go to Other clubs next time like XS.. I would probably never come back unless they would have an amazing DJ. . . As people have been saying, the glory days of Tao has gone.
Hmmmmm, really torn on this place. I read and heard that they pack people in here like sardines and low and behold... the rumors were true!. . So this club is the second floor of a restaurant so you have to walk through the dining room to get to the stairs. This is cool for those heading to the club but I am sure weird to those dining. . . There are 3 rooms upstairs and then another set of stairs that leads to the rooftop pool. Couple things... I went for Kaskade so the majority of people here wanted to be in the main room to catch him so everyone was stuffed, yes STUFFED, in here at an uncomfortable rate. So the other rooms were much more comfortable but you didn't want to be away from the action. Also, the other rooms have TVs of the DJ but they were terrible quality, really terrible. . . So head upstairs to enjoy the pool on a gorgeous evening but they weren't even streaming Kaskade's live set that was just downstairs so that was pointless.. . Headed back to the main room and checked out the ladies bathroom... here is where it gets even more weird. Head up the stairs where you have to wait in line along the balcony for one of the 3 people working the bathroom to lead you to one of the stalls. Now, get ready for it, there are NO LIGHTS inside the restroom. Some have candles, some do not. Those working use flashlights to check them and then you are left to fend for yourself once inside. I saw some girls using flashlights but then you could see in the stalls... your best bet is to let the club lights flash randomly and hope you don't slip. Yep, it's real ladies and gentlemen. I think they were going for "sexy" but this is just straight weird and I was stone cold sober and was worried I would pee on myself. . . So the sound quality is great so that is awesome but for the amount of people they allow in, wow... not sure it's worth it. Luckily Kaskade played an extended 7 1/2 hour set some most people were gone by 5am and after that it was incredibly enjoyable and we rocked till 8am. . . Overall just super weird but I would check it out again is K played or no famous DJ was playing.
Your usual overpriced, overrated, overcrowded nightclub. We were promised free drinks. When we got there they told us that the free drinks special promotion ended. There are much better places to go in Vegas.
I had a good time here, for the most part. We had 3 guys and 1 girl. so I literally just grabbed a couple of girls from the line so that we could all get in free. . . We got in without a problem, even though I didn't have a collared shirt on. Granted, I still looked fabulous, so there shouldn't have been a problem.. . We got in, the girls got free drinks, and just gave them to the guys. They went to a different bartender to get drinks for themselves. Super easy.. . Hours after being in the club I was dancing with a group of girls I literally just met, when I got pulled outside to some emergency exit staircase by a couple of bouncers. They were both twice my size, and very aggressive. It was very uncomfortable for me. They basically told me that they were going to kick me out for not wearing a collared shirt, hours after being in the club, after already being let in. They ended up letting me stay in, because a friend gave me a jacket. I'm pretty sure they were just pressed that they can't meet girls as easily as I can.. . It was kind of bullcrap, but unfortunately this sort of homophobia is very common in Vegas. I still enjoyed the rest of my night, so whatever...
