The fact that bachi is so highly reviewed is proof that off-strip Vegas is starving for anything quasi-hip or boutiquish.  In most food scenes, bachi would be out of business inside of 8 months.  They cannot grasp the idea of consistent food prep or service. Been to bachi 3 times and each trip left me irked that I paid the bill.  They've never gotten an order right. Also, slowest delivery of my food I've encountered in town (on or off strip).. . These reviews here say less about the quality of bachi and more about the power of quasi-cool to convince people that something is better than it is.  To be sure, the owners, cooks and server's friend know how to use social media and Internet marketing to promote and polish this turd. . . Go anywhere else on your list and you'll be happier.
Well, I'm a vegetarian and they took the "That's Cheesy" item off the menu, so now I can't join my friends when they dine here. This place can get a little busy causing long wait times and horrible service. Once it took my party of 8 almost an hour to get our meals! They didn't even offer to bring us our fries first! At least we got apologies? Whatever. Apologies do not mean anything to a big hungry group of people. 2 Stars for the Truffle Parmesan Fries and Apple Lychee Soda.
This was my first visit at Bachi Burger and it left a bad taste in my mouth. The food was great but the service killed it for me.. . I called and put my order in for pick up at 11am and told the girl that took the order that I would be there at 12:45 to pick it up, giving them plenty of time to plan for my arrival. I showed up promptly at 12:45 only to be told that my order was never put in. I waited 15 minutes for them to make my food before trying to grab one of the waitresses for a status on where the heck my order was. When I was finally able to get the attention of one, she checked and still not order put in. I could see that many of the people at tables were very upset with the service as well because it was a packed house and there were only 2 girls waiting tables.. When I finally got my food it was 1:20 and by then I was so upset that I didn't even want to eat anymore.. I ordered the "Banh-Mi" Burger and it was cooked to perfection which I think is the only thing that saved this place for me.. I have to say that I might go back because the flavors are great but I will only do so if I have a few hours to kill.
only reason i give it 2 stars is cause the food is outstanding. the SERVICE on the other hand. almost intollerable. we sat down, took almost 10 mins for someone to come to table. then we order drinks, app , meal ect. app comes. ask waiter 3 times for our drinks, app is done. still no drink. we ask another waitress for our drinks, she rolls her eyes at us lol. i have never walked out of a place with out tipping. this was the first
Meh.  Took forever for us to get our food.  Burger was too densely packed and the bun was stale.. . Lame-O.
Slow service. A lot of people who were waiting before us left cause they were so slow, AND there were empty tables. Got seated and waited a good 30 min for our food.. . Burgers were good, I got the oxtail chili cheese fries. So not worth it, barely any oxtail, it was more like beans, cheese, and fries. Overall, stick to the burgers.
I heard and read a lot of good things about this place however my first experience with them wasn't a good one. I ordered the Ronnin burger $8? and parmesan truffle fries $4?. Let's just say the pictures I've seen were a lot better looking and larger. My fries were terrible they were all shriveled and over cooked, super salty. it was as if they got some left over fries from the fridge nuked them in the microwave and dumped a pill of parmesan and  garlic salt on it, no lesser in size than a medium fries from McDonald's. The burger was pretty tasty, but under cooked and sloppy made, buns was completely soggy and ingredients falling out before the first bite. there was also some nasty after taste from the slaw. I just expected more and wonder if I just caught them on a wrong day. They do have a unique menu that looks delicious which I'd like to try. So until then I'm fine with saying that this place is just an ok burger place.. . The decor and eating environment is nice.  Friendly service.. . **UPDATE**. Just spent the last week suffering from wat couldve been food poisoning hence the 2 star now. Only out of the ordinary food i've eaten was this place maybe it was the under cooked burger. I usually have a strong stomach and can eat just about anything. I probably won't be coming here anytime soon.
Food was perfect. i got the galbi burger with house kim chi on the side. why the bad review? we came in with a group of 12+ we called in they accommodated us and had a warm welcome. So still why the terrible review...its courtesy especially when eating with people you havent seen in quite some time to wait for all the food to arrive at the table to begin chowing...2 of our parties food took 30 minutes later than everyone else's to come out. appetizers came in too fast which were fantastic (sweet potato fries) huge gap in between that and the entree. the waitress kept telling us the kitchen was behind and that the burger was being made. 10 minutes later she told us that they forgot the order. finally after 30 minutes the burger comes out. i dont care how many orders you have, the next burger should have been ours but no...we watched tables come in and sit down and get their food faster.. . when coming to visit vegas, my friend told me this place was great and he wanted to try it. sadly i was a little disappointed not by the food. but its not always bad food that ruins the experience.
This place was an interesting fusion of different asian flavors. I had a bite of the burger and chili cheese jalapeno fries.. . It was really nothing special. I can't even remember how it tasted.. . Service was good though, very sweet. And you can buy the artwork on the wall!
Not as good for me. 2 and a half stars in my opinion. Worth a try but wouldn't come back
It's been months since I've been to this place, but I felt the need to review it as it currently has a much higher rating than it deserves.. . The service at this place is terrible.  After sitting us down, we waited for at least 10 minutes before even being acknowledged again.  Even though we were told it would take about 15 min for our burgers to be cooked, it took over 30 minutes.  Even worse is that a table who arrived after us got their food before we did.. . The burgers themselves are okay, but definitely not worth the price.  They weren't very large and the bun was stale.
I went back and actually got pretty decent service. Although I think I'm just too white trash and not enough hipster for this sort of place. . My burger and drink ended up costing something like $19.  Ridiculous.  At Red Robin for around $12 you can get a burger, all-you-can-eat steak fries, and a drink.. . The fries here are little tiny shoestring things that don't taste anything like potatoes.  What's the point?  I want steak fries dammit.. . The bun is this weird sugary glazed dinner roll type thing.  It confuses my mouth.
Went here during lunch, just to check out the hype of this location but it was a huge disappointment.. . Ordered the Miyagi and kiki burger with truffle fries.  . . Truffle fries were a big let down, a bit soft and the aroma was not there.  The ones at Noras was way better, it was the type of fries that you didn't want to stop eating.. . The Miyagi burger suppose to be wagyu Kobe beef, cooked medium rare, but the tempura battered onion rings were luke warm to cold, and with a burger that is the last thing I was expecting.  Drenched in sauces which was not necessary.  Took a bite of just the beef patty alone, flavorless... It didn't have the sweetness in wagyu beef that melts in your mouth.  . . The Kiki burger Kobe beef, medium rare, too much sauce, flavorless beef...  . . At the end I talked to the manager about some of the issues because the server did not believe my comments, realized I was correct and,manager apologized... Good save by the manager... Overall drenching a burger in Japanese sauces doesn't constitute Japanese style burgers when the most important beef is not promoted as the main flavor of the burger...
EDIT: The manager of Bachi Burger contacted me with his concerns, and since I've had both HORRIBLE experiences with backlash for negative reviews, and decent ones, I MUST add this to my review: ***Because of how professionally it was handled and how polite the message was, if I was back in this area, I would likely give this place another try and just order different things. Management with excellent customer service skills? Good job.. . Wow... I can't express the disappointment that myself and my friends experienced at this place. It should also be stated that I KNEW I was walking into a fusion restaurant, and I was expecting a different take on burgers - but I wasn't expecting a sugar rush or an upset too-much-sweets stomach from a burger for lunch.. . We arrived for lunch, having driven quite a ways away from the strip (which is FINE if you want to drive; we didn't mind at the time. But if you're looking for a good burger and you're visiting Las Vegas, staying on the strip? Just eat somewhere down there, really), and we were starving. This place busy, but not full; having said that, it took quite a bit of time to get seated in comparison to other restaurants that were just as busy during our trip, and yet seated us sooner. When we were seated, it then took quite a while for someone to pay attention to us long enough to take our order - they seemed very impatient and annoyed with questions about the menu, or any of the three of us being indecisive. They were very much non-engaging, as well, if that makes sense - it didn't feel as though they gave a hoot whatsoever that we were there, spending our money at their business.. . The items that we all settled on:. Peking Style Duck Steamed Buns - These were the only thing I really liked about the meal. They were a new, interesting version of steamed buns; since I'm in LOVE with steamed buns and any form of dim sum, I liked the different take on this dish.. . Spicy Miso Burger. . Black and Green Burger. . Kiki's Burger - this is what I ordered. I can honestly say that, along with the other people at my table, all I remember was how OVER POWERINGLY SWEET THIS THING WAS. Seriously. Sure, it was juicy and tender meat, but you couldn't even taste the meat itself because it was drenched in whatever marinade/sauce they use. For being told this was THE place to go for excellent burgers, I must say... not so excellent, unless you want a sugar high and have no interest in the burger itself. HOWEVER, the burger buns were divine and fluffy. Very nice touch, but would have been a nicer touch on a burger worth eating. If their quality of meat is sooooo great and wonderful, then they shouldn't hose them down with so much sauce that they kill the flavor of such "quality" meat.. . Truffle Parmesan Fries - these were so unimpressive. It tasted like they took powdered brown mushroom gravy out of a packet, is the comment my partner said. On top of that, the overly sweetened mush burgers were enough food to have just skipped the fries altogether.. . Taro boba was bland, I've definitely had better for a lesser price; my partner remarked that the thai tea was kind of dull, too.. . We had a few other things, but I don't recall EVERYTHING that was on our table... none of it was good enough to really remember, except for the neat steamed "buns" and how fluffy the burger buns were.. . In the end, our incredibly disappointing experience came out to $70-ish, and it should have been under $50 for what we felt we got out of it. The whole place seemed pretentious and snooty, especially for a restaurant specializing in burgers. The attitude (or lack of one, since they hardly cared to pay attention to us) of the service, the ridiculous marinade/sauced burger patties, and the overall disappointment is NOT worth recommending this place to others - at least, not from my point of view.. . To top it all off, we had reservations at a restaurant that night that we were all very excited for, but within 20 minutes of leaving, two out of three stomachs were so soured from the sugar burgers that we had to cancel our dinner plans, and actually just return to our hotel rooms for a nap!
Food is excellent! I love the truffle fries and the Kiki burger. Service was a little slow, I don't blame them though, they have to do everything as I was watching. I am also in the f&b business so I like to watch how everything is done. It was kinda disturbing that I could actually hear the head chef in the expo window in the background yelling at the servers. But as I said food was amazing, next time I'll just ask for a table in the back.
The Burgers are Too asian style for my Taste. I dont want to est an asian style Burger. I love it american style. . So no foie Gras, terriaki souce,aioli for me. I want burger Fries& Ketchup. . . The prices are Same like on the Strip so. It dosnt make sense to o there. I d rather Prefer to eat at the Strip for the Same amount. . Service was Good. . Food ok. Boba milk tea was ok. 4$ come on for a tiny glass. . . Sweetpotato Fries were chewy. . . Will Not go back. Sorry but Vegas has much more to offer.
So I decided to bring a friend here for his birthday last night. There were four of us. Three of us ordered the Kiki's Burger, the other got the spicy miso burger. All of the burgers had good flavor. The problem is with temperature, my wife ordered hers medium rare, as she always does, but one half of the burger looked as if ithad barely even touched the grill. I know raw hamburger when I see it, it was raw. The server apologized and said she would show it to the boss. She then returned and said the boss responded that my wife needs to order medium next time. I have been in the restaurant business for a long time, that is not how you respond to a complaint. They sent a complimentary desert to apologize, fine. The server then dropped the check without the burger on it, I thought that was great, I didn't ask they just made it right...WRONG! After I put the money in the check book to pay, the server returned and said "I'm sorry, she made me add the burger back on." Needless to say, I will never visit this establishment again, they treat customers wrong and I would rather spend my money where it is appreciated. I will also stop recommending it to friends, which I used to do frequently. You lost a loyal customer Bachi Burger...nice going.
More like 2.5 stars because the food here is actually pretty good, there were just some other problems with our dining experiences here.. . The good: Kiki's burgers all around for the 3 of us, and they were very flavorful. I loved how the burgers had a nice charred crisp on the outside but still fairly juicy on the inside. The toppings all worked together very well, the mushrooms, Gruyere cheese, bacon. It was nice that they left the garlic chili aioli on the side for you to spread on your burger as you please. Also, we had the salt and pepper fries along with the sweet potato fries to share. The favorite was the salt and pepper that is mixed with some ginger, cilantro, and chili peppers. The sauce also complemented it very nicely. The sweet potato fries were cooked nicely but the sauce was not good. The Yuzu citrus aioli had a strange herb taste that we couldn't place. But the best part was probably the drinks. We had the strawberry jasmine lemonade and it was so tasty! It has a fresh strawberry puree with real strawberry bits. We also had the Momotaro, which was good but I can see it being too sweet to finish the entire glass. Oh and it comes in a really large glass so it's worth the $4.. . The bad: The two timesmy bf has come here, they have mixed his burger up with another person's in the party. He likes his burgers cooked medium-well but both times, they have been under cooked and we realized it was because the servers don't have an indicator for each burger's doneness. So while the servers remembered what each person ordered, they didn't know which burger was which.. . The ugly: After eating a few bites, my bf noticed it was way underdone. So he brought it to the waiter's attention. They took away his burger and when the waiter returned, it was literally the exact same burger he originally had, only cooked again. This means they put the patty that he had taken bites out of back on their grill rather than cooking a brand new one, like they should have. COMPLETELY unsanitary! . . I'm sorry, but a restaurant that will return already eaten food onto their grill is not acceptable. So although their food is good, who knows what else they do that's not exactly kosher.
Last night was my first time there the fries were recooked with a bottle of salt and the veggie burger fell apart....35 dollars later for two no thank you mylast time
The food was great, but our service was terrible from start to finish. First, our server was inattentive. She didn't give us an attitude but she seemed like her mind was elsewhere. We were just a party of five, but ran out of tea and water regularly. We each ordered fries, but some came as appetizers and some during the meal with no explanation. The extra sauces we ordered with the meal weren't brought to us. We had to ask for them again. To top it off they screwed up the meal ticket. As our party was seated we had asked our server if she could create two tickets. She said, "yea, no problem." At the end of our meal she brought us one ticket, not two. We tried to talk to her, but after five minutes of waiting we couldn't find her. At this point we were fed up with the service and just wanted to leave. Three party members pooled cash for their meals and tip. Our server still nowhere in sight, I walked the check up to the manager and explained that he should put $33 on the card, the rest of our ticket was paid in cash. He delegated it to a man who clearly didn't understand how to operate their payment system. My card was promptly charged the entire $97. A simple apology was offered, no more. I signed the receipt, got the cash back, and left. The next day I had to rush to the bank and deposit the cash so that my insurance bill would clear.. . Sure the burgers and fries were great, but the service us five received was terrible. In Vegas if you really want a good burger there are plenty of other places with better food AND service.
Let me start by saying the food is very good but by the time you get it you will be so pissed off you won't be able to enjoy it. Now I'm a complainer, I'll be the first to admit, but I'm also a complimenter (which is why most of my reviews are either 5 stars or 1 star). That being said, I cut Bachi Burger quite a bit of slack on my visit because I know they might not have the experience in the business yet to know how important something like, I don't know, having glasses that AREN'T chipped is (also I took a Xanax so that might have helped their case).. . Our server was pleasant, but like others, she disappeared after our order was taken. We all ordered a specialty drink and when I got mine I noticed the bottom was extremely chipped. I flagged down a second waitress (Jordan) and asked for a glass that wasn't chipped (you know, so I don't ACCIDENTALLY DRINK GLASS AND DIE) and she went to the counter, pulled one glass out, saw it was also chipped and came back with it to my table. "Well, all the glasses are chipped," she said, "Is yours sitting on the table weird or something?" Nope, it sat on the table just fine, I just didn't want to have to sue her place of employment when I cut the crap out of myself.  Whatever, I let it go and drank out of the chipped glass as I watched her walk to a table in the corner, sit and take her break for ten minutes. I drank out of the chipped glass as I watched a very tall gentleman, whose only job I observed in the 90 minutes we were there seemed to be macking on the waitresses, come over and chat her up. Fine, everyone is allowed a break, just maybe, you know, NOT in the dining room where everyone can see you including the 10 people waiting in the lobby to be seated. The rest of our meal went pretty much like many of the other reviews listed: food brought out in a seemingly arbitrary order, drinks going unfilled for 10 minutes or longer (at one point I actually went to the counter, took the pitcher and filled my drink myself), burgers that were requested medium rare coming out medium, etc. I had to go up to the counter again to order flag someone down to take my desert order and Jordan, the "Is it sitting on the table weird", came over to take it. Then ten minutes later our actual server came over again to take our desert order. It was just very chaotic and frustrating. . .  Obviously the management at Bachi Burger KNOWS of these issues. They clearly read the yelp page and I'm clearly not the first person to complain, but they've done NOTHING to fix it. Maybe they just don't know how or just don't care because enough of us come back anyway, even with the poor service.  I would really like to see this restaurant shaped up Gorden Ramsey style. Whoever the tall gentleman I mentioned previously was I didn't see him do anything the entire evening. Strike that, he leaned on things and flirted VERY well, but unfortunately that didn't help us get our food. Everyone else, even the manager/owner, was running food so I don't know if they are just short staffed or poorly managed or inexperienced or all three. I give them two chipped stars.
I guess Triple D can be a blessing and a curse.  It's really too bad, the Windmill location is around the corner from me, and I have been a fan since I discovered Bachi last year.. . Long story, short, FRONT OF HOUSE has gone straight down-hill.  Waited 15 mins before I went to the guy behind the cash register and asked him if there was a list to be seated.  I noted the dining room was 75% full, four tables were waiting to be bused, three were ready to be seated.  I brought this up to him, and he stated that the kitchen was backed up.  HUH?!  What the hell does that have to do with my party being recognized, and we would like to be seated?....or get on a list?....or SOMETHING other than the woes in the BACK OF HOUSE?. . Only reason we waited another 15 mins to be seated, and not walk out, was because my brother was visiting, and I had been bragging about Bachi since he arrived.. . Food was ok....definitely had better in previous experiences.. . I reviewed the other 'Yelps', and agreed with most, if not all, of the complaints and compliments.  . . I wish them well, especially now that the other location has been opened.  I hope they get-it-together sooner rather than later.. . NOTE TO MANAGEMENT/OWNERS: If your FRONT OF HOUSE AND BACK OF HOUSE fail, individually or collectively, Bachi will go the way of the Dodo....
Truffle parmesan fries were so good I almost ate the paper wrapper that it was held in. As for the burger I had I wasn't impressed.  The prices were thankfully decent.
Our first time we were going to try Bachi Burger, there was a 30 min wait for lunch. So when we finally went back to try it, we were less than impressed . First, the guy who seated us seemed less than happy about having to seat us. Some people came in behind us and asked if we were all together, my husband said "no,there's 2". It took the server way too long to figure out that the other people would be a table of 4. As he was seating us, he was yelling at the bus girl about why there was a 6 top set up, pretty rude, all in all. . . We got seated, then the people behind us got seated a couple minutes later, but somehow, the server went to greet those people first. Ok, but then it was another full 5-7 minutes before we were even approached. When Melissa finally came over, we were greeted by overly fake niceness. Never asked if we'd ever been there before, made any recommendations. She never asked if we wanted a drink to start, so we placed our order. We order the Bachi pickles, which are an APPETIZER, which usually means it comes FIRST. Nope, not at Bachi Burger, we got our fries and then our burgers and then asked if we still wanted the appetizer.  When we said no. Melissa asked if we were sure. The manager did come over and offered an explanation that there was a shift change going on and he offered his apology. Didn't actually say "I'm sorry" but said he wanted to offer his apology, which he never did. . . When we got our meals, Melissa was kind enough to bring extra napkins. And then more napkins even though we never used the first set of extra napkins she brought us, I took this as an implication that maybe we were slobs, interesting, since we hadn't spilled a drop. Oh well. . . Not a great experience. Bachi Burger was recommended to us by a friend and we saw it on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and were looking forward to a burger experience. We didn't get anything more or special than we would have gotten at any other burger place. We've actually gotten better service and much less $$ burger joints. It was a "been there, done that" experience for us. Not one I'll look to repeat anytime soon.
We were greeted by the waiter Matt with "what can I DO TO YOU ladies tonight ? Opps I mean what can I get for you ?" Wow ! Did this guy really just say this ? Joking or not still very unprofessional. . . Anyway onto the food .. Tried this place once before when it just opened and wasn't impressed .. Thought maybe we just ordered the wrong thing ? So it got some hype with it being on triple D and with the reviews I figured I'd try it again. Still Not impressed .. Oxtail fries nothing special and for $11? so not worth it .. I'd rather go to California hotel and get a big bowl of oxtail soup with ricefor $10 ! I'd stand in line too for an hour and give them an extra $5 for tip ! Also got the Ronin burger .. Again it was OK .. For $10 I would rather them give me 3 of the buns only .. That was the only thing that was good tonight .. Also it's a bit pricey total came to $27 for a burger n fries .. i should've went to In-N-Out with the $7 and put $20 on black at southpoint ! Overhyped I think .. Nothing to go out of your way of .. I'd go here only if McDonald's wasn't 24 hours or if fuku Burger ran outta business .. But we all know that's not happening anytime soon
It was an ok joint. Servers was polite and professional. The burger was alright. I love the truffle fries and spicy edamame.
Nothing stood out for me to go back. The burger was ok, I  felt it was a bit bland thou. We also got the oxtail chili cheese fries, which we ok as well; however, for the price point  that everything is set at, I wasn't impressed. Also felt the staff also rushed us a bit to order.
Not my thing.  I'm not a fan of Asian fusion stuff, why I keep trying it I don't know.  . . We started with the pickles.  These are not American pickles, but Asian pickles.  There was garlic, turnip, radish, cucumber, eggplant....I think I am forgetting a couple.  They all were pickled with different seasonings, so each one was different.  However, I didn't like any of them (to be honest, I hated them) although I tried each one.  Instant stomachache.. . I ordered the no meat here veggie burger.  It is a veggie patty with fried tofu and fried eggplant, along with the usual fixins.  I tried to take a bite and burned my mouth.  Let it sit awhile (not long enough, apparently), and burned my mouth again.  Cut itin half, and let it sit awhile (steam pouring out, at this point my old man was just about finished with his burger).  Try number three - burned my mouth!  What the heck!. . I'm still not sure if it was the fried eggplant or the fried tofu that was so freaking hot, but something on that burger came straight out of the fryer and onto the bun.  Way too hot to serve!  Bachi Burger is lucky I am not the litigious sort.. . When I finally got to eat the burger, it was good.  I especially liked the bun, and the veggie patty part was really good and housemade.  I think it would be just as good without the fried tofu and eggplant, so if you're counting cals I'd order it without.  Price on the veggie burger could come down a notch.. . Service was adequate.  They were really busy at 7:30 on a Friday night.
I decided totry this place after reading all the reviews, boy was i wrong!!. . I live in Orange County, was in town decided go out the way to this place instead of eating the overpriced food in the hotel.  Low and behold it's definitely overpriced for not so great food.  I'm not a food snob, but I'd like to think I know what great food tastes like. . . Oxtail chili fries (what oxtail??) - can't taste the Oxtail and the chili itself is somewhat odd tasting left like a sour after taste. 2 stars . . Duck Steamed buns - nice presentation, but duck was cooked a bit rare and so tough that you can't even take a bite without pulling all the meats off.  I've had better...I told the server and he was nice enough to it take off the bill. 1 star. . Miso Burger - I thought it tasted pretty good, flavors all work together. 3.5 stars. . Shogun Burger - Of course the server recommended this burger, it's the most expensive burger on the menu $25.  First off all if you don't know what Unagi is it's (eel) not everyone is familiar with the term.  My son who I think is a food snob wanted to try it, I only noticed it had Foie Gras.  Since it's illegal to eat Foie Gras in California, I thought we're in for a treat.  Let me tell you this burger combination is terrible...It has eel, Foie Gras, Pear, and beef, how does all this come together???!! Fish, beef, duck and pear in a bite is so weird and it left a fishy after taste, totally not what we expected.  . . At the end the meal for 3 people cost $70 that's we 3 drinks and with the steamed duck buns taken off the bill.  . . I'll take the all you can eat buffet at the hotels anytime...sorry Bachi Burger you're overrated!
went to bachi for first time about 330 on a tues afternoon. atmosphere was cool, music was world music which was cool. service was good, maybe a tad slow but they did get fairly busy and only had two girls waiting and bussing.Busser was cleaning windows when he should have been helping. I had garlic fries that had jalopenos on them. not the best. the truffle fries were very good. Had a build up burger, wagyu, blue cheese, onion rings and bacon. rings were sad, bacon was hard, both came out in pieces. to much cheese, over bearing. burger was kind of mince consistency, way to much sweet flaver and inconsisitant thru the paddy. Needs more salt and or spice, white pepper or something for my tastes. Price was very good on fries, $4. burger started at $16 and ended at $18.50. too much. burger size was good. bun was good. . dont think I'll be back. strip burger does it better for less. Grind is a close second. Bachi is just another over priced fad. sorry. wanted so much more.
I don't even know if the owners read yelp but they should.  I used to love coming here and loved bragging about it. What happened slowest service ever, hostess with major attitude and doesn't smile.  . . Last night I wanted to introduce my friend to bachi because I talk so highly about this place, major fail !  The guy host was kool he put our name down and said it was about a 45 min wait.  There was no room to sit so we walked across the street And set a timer on our phone to come back in 30 mins just incase we get called sooner.  While waiting I just looked up yelp reviews out of boredom and I read a one star review from a guy below, how they told him an hour and he came back earlier and they skipped over him and the hostess was super rude to him so he didn't even get to try the amazing food.  I thought it was unfortunate. Then same shit happened to us but we made the mistake of staying. . . We came back in 30 mins instead of 45 and there was a gal at the host stand this time, we gave our names and she stated,  " I called you guys and u weren't here so u have to be put on the end of the list, that's why I tell people to tell me you're leaving. Our cooks a falling behind today". . Wtf woman u didn't tell us shit because u weren't the ones to put our name down.  The guy then came back n told her we were up next. Nice save dude and thank u. . . They appeared short staff, our server Ratha super sweeetheart she gets 5 stars.   Food slowwwww I feel bad for the cooks the hostess said you are slow, but I still love the food so yum. . . What killed it was the host chick, whatever you're going through leave it at home.  You're the first face people see when they walk in. . . Reading more about past employees it makes sense, having a bad boss is like a cancer.  . . The food is still great but I'm hesitant to bring my friends here from out of state because of the service.  And that sucks because they really want to try bachi.  Maybe I'll just make the drive to the other location.  I think I will take them to Holsteins to be safe.  I now owe my friend a better dinner, and I should have listened to yelp. . . Dear cooks your food rocks! I will miss your food:(
Its over priced burgers gourmet style. I would prefer pay for cheaper Fatty good food, Fuddruckers, oxtail in the cal hotel, any steak and eggs late night specials.   I thought the idea of Oxtail chili fries sounded interesting, but it was like the chili just overpowered the rest.
I was really looking forward to this place because the menu is so promising, but the experience was less than pleasing from the moment we walked in the door.  We walked in an I cannot help but complain about the smell of sewage as we walked in the door.  I'm not being hyperbolic - I honestly think I smelled sewage.  We asked to be seated outside but they were not serving outside so we sat as close to the windows as possible.  It seemed to help and we were really craving burgers so we stayed.. . The only saving grace was our waiter - he was very polite and did a fantastic job.  We ordered a couple of beers, the Miyagi sans Grass Fed Wagyu Burger, the black & green burger, and Truffle Parmesan Fries.  The burgers were ok, not horrible but not even close to worth the price ($13 or so).  The fries were also pretty good but again, nothing special.. . I would give them another chance just because, again, the menu has so much promise and maybe they just had an off night, but the food is going to have to be really great in order to get me to consider becoming a repeat customer.
Unfortunately I was completely unimpressed by Bachi Burger.  In fact, I truly regretted wasting precious room for calories and fat on Bachi Burger and wish I had went over to Miko's instead and gorged on sushi and deep fried rolls.. . To start off, the bf Landon L. and I stopped in around 10p on a Sunday night and the place smelled horrible.  I realize that parts of Las Vegas have this disgusting smell and if you happen to be the unfortunate restaurant, I feel badly for you.  However, I cannot help but have to include into the overall experience. . . We asked to seated outside but they weren't serving outside for some reason so we sat at a table close to the back.  This helped a lot with the smell.  Apparently, whatever it was was confined mainly to the front of the restaurant.. . The service was very friendly but slow.  It felt like forever waiting for our burgers.  We ordered the Miyagi sans Grass Fed Wagyu Burger, the black & green burger, and Truffle Parmesan Fries, all of it quite boring and unimpressive and over priced for what you get.  Don't get me wrong, I am more than happy to pay a lot of money for good food.  For example, $19 for the Buffalo Burger at Burger Bar?!  HELL YES. Any day!! Worth every penny.. . I felt that the burgers at Bachi lacked flavor and punch.  They try to make them complex and "fusiony" but the ingredients were incohesive.  First, the Miyagi came with a fried egg, which was overcooked.  I guess when I order a burger with a fried egg, I expect the yoke to have some sort of runniness.  The black and green was okay, but really sweet.  And the Truffle Parmesan Fries were just okay as well.  We also ordered 2 beers.  All of this came to $45.  I would rather have given my $45 to Five Guys or In and Out.. . I'm sorry but though the food is okay, I think everything about the menu is pretentious and the price tags are way too high.
I was looking forward to trying this place after seeing Bachi featured on television.  Service was great, people were great, but I just couldn't appreciate the fusion of Asian and American when it comes to burgers.  If I were to go back, I'd go with a typical American style burger.  Not that the food was not good, it just didn't appeal to my palate
First for the positives.  The food is really good and the burgers are original with a hint of smoke, especially on the wagyu.  We've tried four different burgers and the Ronin is our favorite so far.  The Oxtail chili fries are great as well, but we'd order with extra jalapenos as the little green shavings are a bit thin and sparse.  The parmesan truffle fries are tasty as well but the garlic pepper fries were just okay.. . Now for the negatives.  We left our first visit with the feeling the service was a bit "aloof".  Nothing serious happened but it just didn't feel right.  Of course, we were there at 12:30am and were so impressed with the food that we didn't give it much thought.  The second visit was a couple weeks later at 2pm and we were seated at the far windows next to a large group with children.  They didn't stay long but all the tables emptied around us and we started to have feelings of abandonment.  What followed was a series of slow service and blatant disregard.  After we received our order, we had to wave down service and ask for everything.  We saw only one person twice and no one asked about or meal.  Our table was in the visual path when walking from the front of the restaurant toward the kitchen, and I saw multiple servers look at our empty water glasses and quickly turn away or duck into the kitchen.  We had to ask for the check then left.. . The food is 5-star for the price but we'll subtract 3 stars for the service.  Bachi Burger has a serious problem at this location and I doubt we will return.  I'd like to understand why things are so screwed-up there, but we gave it a chance twice and won't get burned a third time.  We may try the other location because we like the food, but it'll be a while.. . ***UPDATE***. We recently visited the west-side Bachi Burger and it does not have this location's service problems and is slightly bigger with a partially divided dining area that cuts down the ambient noise.  The west-side location also has more windows and is less "dungeony"... for lack of a better term.
I wanted to rate a 4 because the food is amazing, but service was so off today!!!. . We were greeted and seated right away, which is a plus for noon (we came at just the right time - right after the restaurant filled up). We were started with waters to drink, which was perfect.. . However, during service was not what it usually is - our server kept paying attention to one table, which seemed to be friends of his, he refilled everyone's water in his section, but mine (drinks refills are huge with me, and the fact that my water was empty and NO ONE refilled it definitely took a whole star away), and he didn't do a check back with us until we were practically done eating. . . Once we were clearly done eating and I are most of the ice in my cup (see picture), STILL no refill and a few other servers walked passed our table, let alone attempt to pre-bus or offer dessert. Our server finally came back, asked if we were all done (no shit, Sherlock!) and we asked for our check. And still - no water refill!!!! The worst part about it is there was another server right next to us with a water pitcher, looked at our glasses and he walked right passed us.. . I love the food here, but man this experience sort of ruined it for me! Maybe I'll have to check out the Bachi on the west side of Vegas?. . Note: forgot to add a few things. - burger was medium well, when it was supposed to be medium. - the burger itself was not seasoned. - oxtail chili cheese fries were 80% beans. - oh, and didnt I mention I didn't get a water refill? (Just kidding!)
I guess I'm truly in the minority on this place.  So many of my Yelp friends gave it rave reviews that I was really excited to try this place when my friend was in town in March.. . (It was also one of the only places that you could get boba at 10pm.). . So we go inside and there's a strange mix of smells.  At first you're like, "Oh, this is different" and I try to associate different with good, but the smells change and you're like, "Hmm, not sure if good" with a confused look on your face.  I think the servers are trained to ignore that look, because I caught a couple of people who walked through the door doing the same thing.. . It was pretty busy when we went but I could see at least a handful of tables clean.  We still waited about 10 minutes to be seated.  We almost walked out but boba was the main goal so we stuck it out and sat down.. . Waiter was OK.  Definitely not exceptional.  He wasn't thrilled when we first ordered waters and boba.  The boba was slow to come out and wasn't really boba... definitely wasn't 5-star worthy in any way shape or form.. . I decided to suck it up and order an appetizer - their oxtail chili cheese fries.  Sure, why not.  They were decent, but certainly nothing to go crazy over.  And the sunny-side up egg on it was just...no.  Didn't really fit anything.  That's kind of how I felt about the whole menu, though - trying to be hipster and cool with all their "weird pairings" that didn't make sense unless you were also hipster and cool.  I dunno.  I'll eat damn near anything, but 95% of the menu sounded weird, ridiculous, or both.. . And because of that, they feel like they can charge exorbitant prices.  $12 for chili cheese fries?  Ox is NOT that expensive of a meat, so sorry, I don't buy that.. . We paid our tab for half-eaten fries and sub-par boba.  Won't be going back.
The wait is way too long for a damn burger. Orders would take forever to come out and some tables would get there order faster than others. Yes the food is good but not good enough to wait 45 to sit down & 35 mins to wait for your food. Service was nice but I would not come back. It's a Sunday after noon and it's not even that busy.
So, we came here for a late lunch at 4pm with a group total of 9. 8 total people eating and one baby. The hostess decided to give us crap because we told her 8 instead of 9. Then proceeded to give us an attitude about how many kids were in our group. What does it matter? Is there a kids menu at Bachi Burger? Not that I know of... Anyway, we left after sitting there from 3:45 to 4:20 without getting seated and went to the Bachi Burger in Summerlin. Really disappointed. 2 stars because I know the food is great. -3 for horrible service.. . BTW the service at Bachi Burger in Summerlin was excellent. I'll write another separate review for that establishment.
To begin with I should probably mention I already had a negative bias against Bachi after having called on a Sunday and wanting to place a takeout order and being told "No, they are not accepting take out orders Today". Ok, of course I was wondering just what that means...they don't accept takeout orders on sundays because of the sabbath or something? Makes zero sense but whatever. So the next day I decide to give them a second shot. I call again and ask to place a takeout order. The hostess or whoever answers the phone, says she is not sure if they are not taking takeout orders and i ask WHY NOT. She says some BS about it depends on how busy they are and she will check. So I'm on hold for 2 mins while she probably figures out how to ask such a simple question to her mgr or whoever and gets on the line and tells me they'redoing takeout orders. Well praise the Lord, my trip to vegas is now complete since I get to have one of your stupendous culinary creations...not. It could be the fact that it's takeout...but I doubt it since I only had to drive less than 10 mins back to my hotel. The kiki burger was ok. The parm fries were ok. Chicken caesar was ok. Kalbi burg was ok. of course I did not eat all of these...this is based on others' input. Like I said, the initial contact often can make or break one's opinion just like in a job interview and that might have been the case here. I have no prob paying good money but I expect good food along with good service...or at least one of the two. From this Bachi, I would say i received mediocre of both. Sad to say I would not return here and rather go to KGB or one of the other high priced burg joints on the Strip even.
Ok I admit their burgers are very good. But is it really really worth waiting 45 mins for a table for a $11.00 burger not including fries or drinks? oh I forgot the tips too. I think I'll stick to In-and-Out.
Way over rated! 1 21oz. beer, order of garlic fries, onion rings, & 2 burgers will cost you $45.00, not including the tip! Red Robin has great burgers & fast service. If I'm going to spend that kind of money, then I may as well go out for a steak dinner & add a few more bills in my wallet! The music playing is some type of new age trance music, it was very annoying. We had a 25 min. wait to eat on a Sat. afternoon at 1:15 p.m.! Why all the hype? I guess because they were on the food channel.
My friend saw Bachi Burger featured on the Food Channel, and so we ventured off the Strip to try it.  There were 10 of us, and the service was slow.  Our table was set-up, but somehow it took another 10 minutes to seat us.  It was 20 minutes from ordering to getting our food.  However, once we were finished, they were in a big hurry to clear our plates.. . Food Review:. Ronin Burger - quality meat and tasty bun, overalll good flavor. Kalbi Burger - a burger with Korean flavorings, we found the kimchi to be too sweet . Ox Tail Chili Fries - little ox tail, IMO, not worth $11. Vietnamese Coffee - watererd down, not really Vietnamense style. Sweet Potato Fries - crispy and tasty-- a hit at our table. Parmesian Truffle Fries - fries were tasty, although most in our group didn't care for the gravy. Caesar Salad- a little too cheesy for us. . For $20/person including tip, it's pretty steep for what you get.  It was an interesting experience, but I won't be back.
The only reason this got 2 stars is because I gave them a star due to the look of the place.  They spent some time decorating it and trying to have good Feng Shui and I can appreciate that. . . Ah, but the food.  It was AWFUL.  I can't remember the last time the food was SO bad.  . . Unfortunately I can't remember the name of the burger I got but it was purple.  Yes, purple.  I actually thought it was pretty cool until I took a bite.  The flavor, the texture, everything about it, was just awful.  I literally couldn't force myself to take another bite.  . . Some of you out there may like it but I will never, I repeat, NEVER eat there again.
A place for yuppies.. . -Food is just ok.  Fries were a step below Mc.Donald's- they needed salt.  The pineapple ketchup was just that... heinz ketchup mixed with canned pineapple.  Meh- not worthy of being called a "signature sauce."  I guess my expectations were a bit higher.  Burger was decent also a little bland, and they don't know the difference between aoili and doctored up mayonnaise.   Bacon was under-cooked.  Mushrooms lacked flavor which is hard to accomplish.  I did like the bun, but overall food is over-priced for what you get.  Food gets 3 stars.. . -Service gets 1 star and that's why overall I give this place a solid 2.  Total inattentiveness.  We watched our food sit in the window as we were seated at the bar.  Fries came out as an appetizer instead of with the burgers.  (You have to order fries separately btw.)  Servers are pretentious and made a snide comment when we asked for a second order to come out with our burgers which is what you expect with a damn burger.  . . . This place tries really hard to be innovative and unique, maybe even hipster... and there's enough vegas douchebags to go for it.  If you are food-wise and value-conscious, stay away.  Your $20/head without drinks is better spent somewhere else.
False advertising on the check in offer. It says 1 free beer with the purchase of a beer. After checking in, the offer says only valid between the hours of 11 PM and 2 AM. WTF! Minus 1 star for the bait and switch tactic. :( . . Anywho... burgers here are Asian fusion burgers and they taste pretty decent, albeit pretty greasy. The sauces are creamy so if you don't like thick creamy sauces then the fries "dipping sauces" aren't gonna be for you. Other than that, it's what you would expect a $10 burger should be.
Disappointed seeing grown men argue and the mistreatment of employees!. . I was initially excited to watch the 3D episode talking about this spot and the same feeling followed me as I was on my way to the spot too but after I parked the car and was seated within 4 minutes flat it all came to a screeching halt! - I visited the spot with 2 others in which they also saw what I saw and felt awkward for being our first visit and after viewing the same episode on TV. together and venturing from Los Angeles.. . Here is the stressed out drama that we encountered.. We arrived, greeted, seated, handed the menu, offered choices all going smooth with a smile from our server. Our server was "Lisa" she was very nice, very intoned with us and very affected by the experience we and many others were forced to watch while sitting in front of the kitchen/podium area, after placing our order for the same dishes that Guy Fieri featured on 3D we had our beer served up and then boom! "The Stressed Out Drama" - While sipping on our beer we encountered a tall Caucasian cook yelling at another gentlemen on the opposite side about doing their job right but what struck us as weird was watching one of them being handled to a back room because it started to get loud and some cuss words. We later found out that the people involved were the actual owners/partners of the spot, very disappointing to experience for being our first time.. . After the experience we all decided to leave but your waitress, Lisa talked us down and asked us to stay and apologized for the experience and in seconds brought over our order, and although she seemed bothered about what had happened with them she still gave a wonderful smile.. . I gave your location a two stars and these are the reasons why:. Yes, you have a wonderful The "Banh-Mi" Burger, wonderful Truffle Parmesan Fries w/ Sundried Tomato Aioli & Drizzled Porcini Cream Sauce and a knock out Duroc Pork Belly Steamed Buns with Hoisin BBQ Sauce, would've been better with a Blue Moon beer but you were out that day but all in all, the food was phenomenal, hands down!. . I gave you the second star because of your server Lisa, she shined like a star 100% when you couldn't.. . NOTE: to the Owners/Managers. my tiny group and I agree that although you have problems no matter how big, never! bring them to the spot and especially never! demonstrate to your patrons how negative, ignorant and disrespectful you can be towards one another and your employees not to mention the children present. You guys have wonderful food, don't taint it by your actions.. . I hate doing reviews like this because I know you work hard to be top restaurant in your genre - I attempted to speak with you face to face but that went unanswered. Good Luck in your future ventures.
2nd visit.   It is okay.  Got a burnt waygu beef Burger... They tried cover it up with loads of sauce which made the soggy.  Service is average, I went on weekday evening time so there was no line.  I wouldn't go again anytime soon.
Awesome food. Horrible service.. . Our server took 12 minutes to greet our table only because I asked a server where our sever was.  This is coming from a table of three- all of whom work in this industry. Lucky their product is good, but worth the wait ? No. . . Server was nice but never apologized for the wait time nor checked on us after the food came out. . . Nothing was done in a timely manner, if it was done.
The hostess was extremely rude and told us that if we didn't want to wait, we can just leave. We were quotes a wait time of 45 mins but waited for 1.5 hr. Very rude service!!!
