Picked Mix based on their Michelin rating and reputation of the chef. Overall, the experience wad awkward from beginning to end. When you get out of the elevator and walk to the host desk, you find that it is on the other side and have to walk through the bar to get to the main dining room. Strange and not welcoming.... . Service was pretty uncomfortable, not very polished, and there was no connection/personality. We saw the server about two times throughout the night and that's about it. No quality check either... My friends and I have not seen each other in over a year, so we did not pay much attention to the shortcomings. Busser was really good though, he was the only one who payed attention to us all night.. . What is up with the pad and pencil on the table? And I hate to be picky, but why is there salt and pepper on the table during dinner? Lastly, why are the hostesses sitting down on the bar stool that is behind their desk?. . Sorry, I need to shut off my brain sometimes and just enjoy dinner.. . Food was food though. Our party of three had: Tuna Tar Tare, Shrimp Cocktail, Foie Gras, Roasted Lamp Chops, Seared Duck Breast, and Chicken. For wine we had a bottle of Dr. Loosen's Eroica. Tasty. Oh props on the bread selection: Parker Rolls, Fusettes, Focaccia... The peanut butter spread did nothing for me, regular butter with Maldon on top is fine.  . . The dining room is gorgeous and the views are stunning (esp. from the lounge). We decided to have a post dinner cocktail + dessert here, but was underwhelmed by their selection.
If it were for the view and hype alone- 5 stars.  However, for the c-note per person average expense: the food and service left much to be desired.. . I am quick to judge an upscale restaurant on a simple rule: do they offer you a dark or light napkin depending upon your attire?  I was wearing a black dress.  Everything is white at MIX.  No offer of a black napkin.  Okay- that is my little hang up, but usually it is not a deal breaker.. . We were seated in a lovely corner seat, but before we had ordered our wine, the hostess seated another party directly next to us (the tables were tight in and had to be moved to seat anyone in or out - so when I say 'next to', I mean literally 'on top of').  If it were a busy night, that would have been fine, but there were only a handful of tables occupied.  In fact, we were so close that when the palate cleanser came out - the waitress made a joke and served both our table and our unexpected dinner partners' together as if we were in the same party.. . The servers were nice- but my plate was taken before I was done with my meal and water spots on our flatware were pointed out to us (seriously) and explained why they weren't dirty, it was just a chemical-reaction-but-here-is-a-new-spoon-anyway-even-though-you-didn't-ask.  Who knew there was flatware TMI?. . The food was decent.  Our highlight was a phenomenal bottle of wine (very extensive wine list) and the ravioli appetizer - out of this world.  Our entrees?  Not bad, but nothing to write home about.. . We went to MIX for a romantic Vegas evening.  It was definitely Vegas- but Vegas in the 'pot-bellied-balding-Elvis-impersonator' sort of way.  I wouldn't complain if it were my only Elvis sighting- but you know it doesn't live up to what is around every other corner.. . But- the view was spectacular.
Not that great. Expensive. Photos look better than the real thing. "Sell the sizzle, not the steak" applies to this place.
Dining in the restaurant Mix by Alain Ducasse was on my food list of top places to dine around the US. So my husband and I were very excited to finally get the chance to go. . . When you come up to the elevators the reservationists asks your name, points you to an elevator, you get out of the elevator with no clue as to where to go. You walk accross the lounge looking for anyone to help you. When you get to the restaurant they look at you and ask you for your name again, now why would you not communicate that from downstairs? We were able to find the restaurant quickly, but had it been busy inside I would have no idea where to go. . . The interior design of the restaurant and bathrooms is simply stunning and I was so excited for the meal to begin. We were brought the bread which had peanut butter and butter as a spread, cool idea, but not well executed. The peanut butter had just come out of the refridgerater as well as the butter and was not spreadable. I tried, but it just ripped the bread in half. . . The sommelier came over asked if we needed wine suggestions and I had told him that I was looking at a riesling, by the glass and wanted to know if it was sweet or dry. He said sweet and recommended something a little drier... so I picked the wine he suggested and out came a sickly sweet riesling. Weird to have a riesling this sweet by the glass, it reminded me of Ethos Late Harvest as a dessert wine. I suffered through it and never ended up finishing it. . . The food was underseasoned and the foie gras for my first course was WAY to sweet.. foie is so delicate, why would you over power it with so much sugary jam? My fish was overcooked and nothing wowed me. I was so disappointed in the food as this is Ducasse's place and how could I forget when our waiter was mentioning that it was "Sir Ducasse's" restaurant every five minutes. I get that you are proud, but you're just hurting his culinary reputation by touting it repeatidly. . . Service was good, although I had an entire mushroom side vessel spilled on the table and dripping into my lap. I'm sure the manager saw this as he was staring at our table all night, but never came over to appologize. . . Not a true representation of Michelin stars... I'm not sure why they even came to Vegas because compared to Europe the restaurants here are not deserving of Michelin. . . The one positive note is the view-- so come up for a drink instead of eating and the dessert BabaRum was amazing!
Older group, small dance floor, small location ... . Pros: the view down the strip.
This review is for the restaurant. . My husband and I came here for our 5 year anniversary dinner tonight. I did my research and thought this would be a good place to go. The food was wonderful. We had, for starters, the seared duck foie gras (half order), tuna tartare (half order), and Maine lobster salad. For our entrees we had the braised wagyu and cod brandade. Both were very tasty. For my dessert I had the mix Candy Bar w/ caramel ice cream. . My gripes with this restaurant was that we were seated on a round table between two square tables. It was awkwardly situated and did not make for a very comfortable meal. At least we were seated by a window with a pretty nice view. My next gripe is with the waiter (big Caucasian blond guy) who talked and laughed with the tables next to us and made no effort with the two of us. I wonder if it's because we didn't order a bottle of wine. I forgot my Zantac, so I didn't think drinking wine would be wise. My husband ordered a mojito and he totally forgot about it prompting us to have to remind him and when he wanted a second drink, we had to ask the busboy (sorry, I don't know what to call him). By the way, the busboy and the buslady were nice and friendly. My husband wanted to give the waiter a bad tip, but I convinced him against it because I wanted the other helpful staff to get what they deserved. We tipped the usual 18% even though the waiter clearly didn't deserve it. With the foie gras and wagyu we weren't sure what we were supposed to eat it with. A good waiter would have made suggestions for sides to improve the enjoyment of our meal. . So the verdict: The food was great, but the experience was lacking considering the amount of money we spent, $200+.. I've been to many amazing restaurants, including French Laundry, Jar, Lucques, Osteria Mozza, etc... This was by far the worst experience I've ever had at a fine dining establishment.
I thought this place was sort of a rip off.  We were approached by someone outside the entrance about 'free cover' even though there was no cover to pay.  It was all kinds of creepy.. . The Foursquare page for this bar says that there are drink specials for people who check in (and the specials are listed on the page).  When I approached the bar tender and showed him my phone, he was a big dick about the special and said it wasn't real.  He was angry at me and said that they weren't in charge of that page (apparently someone hijaked it and was making things up?).  I wasn't really pleased with the guy's attitude and then he was a dick to my group for the rest of the night.. . Service is super, super slow (especially if you're outside) so don't bother staying here for a few drinks.  By the time you're done with your first one, you'll be so bored that you want to leave and go somewhere else for more drinks.. . The drinks are also obviously pretty expensive and they only have standard cocktails (nothing unique or new).  Beer is insanely expensive and my Coors wasn't even cold when they brought it out.. . The only good thing about this place is the view, which is pretty stunning of the strip.
I agree with GC's review completely. Meh. . . There are much better places to spend $100 a person with a view in Vegas, unless you really are too lazy to leave THEHotel. Too much attitude and not enough attention when they can see that you aren't drunk enough to spend all yourmoney or somebody else's money on overpriced drinks.  The food was good, but not exceptional. Nice presentation and a lot of white table cloth, black floor, hanging glass globe tentacles that are just kind of distracting.  One of the darkest, potentially creepiest bathrooms I have ever been in outside the third world.. . Keep looking, better yet if you don't need the high view see my Aureole review.
2.5 stars. I would give it 3 for food, but the experience was just horrendous, I couldn't bring myself to give it 3. . . I heard nothing but good things about Mix. So when we were going to Magic, I knew I had to make our team dinner at Mix. Their view is incredible, the restaurant is cute/modern, and it's definitely trendy. . . The one thing that I have to complain about is the service. It's GOD AWFUL. They are so slow I can't stand it. We waited over an hour for our food to come out. My boss complained to the manager, and they just comped a bottle of wine, without very much regard or apology. For a Michelin Rated restaurant, this is a big no no. The waiter didn't even acknowledge that our food was going to be late, or offer any explanation as to why it took so long. . . Ok, now that I got my rant aside, I'll move onto the food/drinks. . I stuck to the skinny girl margaritas, and they were just ok. It wasn't mixed very well (alcohol was at the way bottom), and it wasn't something I wanted to devour immediately. . . For appetizers, we got the  macaroni and cheese with ham and lobster casesar salad. The salad was fresh, and tasty. The mac and cheese? Not so much. It was runny, and just not good. No cheesy goodness there. You can skip that.. . For entrees, I got he pepper crusted bison tenderloin with glazed vegetables and black pepper sauce. The meat was cooked very well, medium rare, super soft, but that pepper crusted part was so peppery that it was overpowering. All I could taste was the pepper, and it definitely took away from the entree. As for sides, we got the creamy spinach and the fork crushed potatoes. Sides were good, but nothing to die over. . . At this point, our meal was getting to be so long I wanted it to be over (we were approaching hour 3). But they gave us homemade madelines and chocolate, and this passion fruit "drink" served in a martini glass with foam. Just too much dessert that I didn't even want. We quickly tried that, and asked for the bill. My boss paid for it, so I can't tell you exactly how much it was, but 6 people was about $500.
Seriously!  I went out of my way to eat here?  My husband and I stayed in Las Vegas for 3 nights when he had a work conference.  We ate at lots of well rated restaurants-  Mon Ami Gabi, Red Square, Nine Fine Irishmen, Fleur, Verandah, and Ri Ra to name some.  Of all the restaurants this one was over the top pretentious FOR NO REASON.. . During our mid week October stay we had reservations at several of the above mentioned restaurants.  It was unnecessary as there weren't many people in Las Vegas.  When we arrived at Mix without a reservation we were told they don't accept walk ins.  (Very rudely).  Then we went back to our hotel room in Mandalay Bay and called.  My husband was told that they were booked for the entire night.  I logged onto yelp and booked a table through Opentable.com that was 7 minutes later.  We walked right back.  The same hostess seated us.  Silly!!!!. . The waiter was overly chatty and not very attentive to our needs (vegetarian, gluten free).  Even to the point not to tell me there was HAM in one of the breads they bring to the table.  My husband had a steak and asparagus.  I had the gnocchi.  Neither was anything special at all.. . The best part of the experience was standing on the bar balcony after dinner.  We would not go back!
Ok.. . I've been waiting for a few days to write this review, so I could synthesize just how disappointing this meal was.. . My company Christmas party was in Las Vegas this year.  My bosses are both big foodies and they'd been to Ducasse's restaurants before (in fact, one of my bosses had been to his two other Michelin star restaurants in Europe, so we had high hopes).  I cannot believe how shitty this place was.  Yes, I said shitty.. . First, we had made a reservation to sit at the chef's table.  There were 18 of us and we wanted to make sure that we could all sit together at one large table.  They split us up in groups of 9 (which is ridiculous, as we all had plus ones) and threw us into the main dining room.  When my boss took issue with this new seating arrangement with the hostess, she curtly replied "well that's not my problem, sir."  If you're the hostess and your customer's pre-arranged seating gets mixed up, it is, in fact, your problem.  We decided not to talk to the manager about this because we didn't want people spitting in our food.. . So we waited 20 minutes to have our initial drink orders taken.  Then 15 minutes later we got some bread.  During this whole waiting period our water was refilled to the very top of the glass at almost a comedic pace.  I know that's nitpicky, bu tit was rather hilarious in the moment.  We did the prix fixe menu, which you would think would be easy to keep track of, but I was brought the wrong dish for both courses.  The service mixed up our two tables consistently.  I had to stop the person delivering my entree and say "I did not order this. Try the other table."  I was correct and someone at the other table ordered the fish. . . My steak was fine, but the menu did not say it was a petite filet, and yet there it was.  I mean, it was good, but I was expecting a full filet, as that's how it was labeled on the menu.. . Dessert was lovely, but the service was so horrible.  Our bill was over $3K for our entire table and it was some of the worst service I've ever encountered.  Sure, the restaurant looks nice and the view from the lounge is great (even though the Foundation Room at the Mandalay Bay has a better view and is basically attached to THE Hotel).  Just avoid this place.  Fluer is downstairs and from what I understand it is WAY better.
Not memorable.. . We called ahead to see if they offered a tasting and we were told YES! So when we showed up at our reservation, the server said he'd have to check with the chef and said he thinks it was okay. . Since I understood that tasting menus can be a pain if they are not offering it to the whole restaurant, we said it was not a problem and we'd just order off regular menu.. He insisted that it was fine and so we proceeded.... From the amuse bouche, everything was OFF.. The food wasn't what the food runner told us it was, flavors were odd, some over cooked, under/over seasoned courses. It was a mess.. . Has a pretty view of the strip, but that's about it.
The first experience that we had there was awesome.  The second time, terrible.  We went after seeing the Lion King on the 17th.  The place was very busy, so that was nice to see.  The bartender was so completely rude, without cause.  I don't understand this, I believe they work for tips.  We will not be returning, nor will we bring any of our out of town guests there.  Makes Vegas look bad.  Really skip this place, it's a very cool view, but exceptionally rude staff.
Let me begin my review by saying that I am a food snob. I am willing to pay any amount of money for DAMN GOOD FOOD. . . Prior to my dining experience at MIX, I'd been there quite a few times for drinks, dancing. THAT is fun. Dance the night away while enjoying a perfect view of the Las Vegas Strip. That experiences were worth 4 stars. . . However, my dining experience could hardly compare.. . First, when we arrive, all of the windows are closed and there is no view of the strip. (The MAIN reason we came to MIIx was for the view.) **noted, the view was visible from the bar area, but not the dining area. . Second, the food quality at MIX is hardly worth the amount of money it costs.. . The vegetable plate that the server recommended to me consisted of squash & carrots that tasted off-beat, as though it came straight from the aisle of the frozen food section. . . The $32 Cod looked like a meal that would be served in a Conference Center at some hotel.... maybe off a buffet. Plus, it was bland.. . I noticed two women sitting at a table next to us and both of them had their purses on the floor. I'll be damned if I'm paying 75$/person for a meal and I have to sit my belongings ON THE FLOOR!. . There are many dining options in Vegas, I would NEVER choose the MIX again. In fact, I've found plenty of restaurant/bars that offer a beautiful view in Vegas, I may never even visit MIX again to experience that view..... . (You want a fancy place with an amazing view, visit the bar at The Mandarin Oriental)
Review is based on dinner. . Came here for my friend's birthday and I ordered the ribeye, medium-rare. While all of us are waiting on our order, they had a great selection of complimentary bread.  Along with their variety of bread and biscuits, they had peanut butter (smashed peanuts in butter-really good) and regular butter.  Their service was impeccable- never had an empty glass of water and our waiter kept asking if everything was ok.  He knew we were in a rush to get out before a certain time so our food came out on time but...my ribeye was overcooked and the taste was meh. I felt like I could've grilled my steak way better than this. I wanted my ribeye to be medium-rare so it should be slightly bloody. On my plate, it was barely a drop of blood. Also, i'm paying $46 for just a piece of steak with one red pepper, how lonely is that?! They should've added some roasted veggies for the price people are willing to pay for. We also ordered the tuna tartar and it was less than mediocre. Their taro chips were too thin to actually eat with the tuna and the flavors just weren't there. I have no idea why this fine dining restaurant would have 4-stars rating.
This very well might be a great place but it is hard to feel that way after my recent experience. . . Atmosphere: Amazing. Just amazing. The atmosphere here is what keeps it at 2 stars and keeps it from plunging lower.. . Drinks: The drinks were okay at first. Heavy handed pours made the drinks tasty and the prices were on par. I approached the bar after my first drink and asked if they had any port. I love port and usually have some during the evening. They poured me a glass of Fonseca 20 Year tawny port. The bartender had no idea how to serve it and, charging me 15 bucks for it, proceeded to pour it in a wine glass. The port had a good start but I distinctly tasted a horrible aftertaste of fungus. I've checked around the bottle that was served was well beyond it's "sell-by date" so-to-speak. The bottle should have been thrown out ages ago.. . Last call: We visited mix on a Sunday evening and the place was a little dead. We were having a good time, enjoying the view and relaxing when the bartender told us it was last call. I looked at my watch: 11 PM. I couldn't believe it. What bar closes at 10 PM? In VEGAS no less. Just because you aren't making money hand over fist doesn't mean you toss what customers you do have out onto the street when they are having a good time and ordering drinks. Had they left us there to ourselves and continued to serve we would have ordered more. . . In summary: Last call at 11 PM? Bad port (You should know when to throw out your wines/ports when they are no longer good, if you can't tell, don't serve them), great atmosphere and amazing views of the strip.
I am only reviewing it as a night club. I did not experience this as a place to eat. . We spent 3.5 hours here trying to have a good time. The Newest song the DJ played was from 2010, we are in 2012 get some new music... you could listen to any online radio station and find out the new songs out !!!!. We complained and he had nothing to say. As we were leaving others were complaining of the same thing !!!
My first draft of this review was actually typed with my thumbs on my iPhone while getting hammered on vodka at Red Square, immediately after leaving MIX in a really foul mood.  Sometimes I do some of my best work in an altered state, but I decided to start from scratch and leave out the part about how this restaurant makes me want to punch a baby.  People never take that with the humor that is intended...  But now I've gone and said it again.. . Ambiance and white orbs and Michelin  star be damned!  Our service was godawful.  One end of our table supposedly had great service all night long, while the other end (my end, of course) was generally ignored.  Service was slow, SLOW, S-L-O-W, S.....L.....O.....W.  I expect a good meal to be an event, but you've gotta keep me entertained with a full glass and some good snacks.  The place was also freezing.  This must be a common complaint because the waiter brought out a stack of blankets for the ladies that looked not at all unlike the rough, homespun smallpox blankets that the U.S. government gave to the Native Americans back in the 1800s.  . . The food was decent.  My bison was cooked perfectly, albeit with a crust of peppercorns that was too peppery for even this lover of pepper.  The vegetables looked and tasted like they'd come from a Birdseye steam fresh bag.  My lady was so pissed that she didn't even touch her food.  And we ended up with a $350 bill.  . . Never again.
the DJ was terrible. think 90s rave somewhere in Asia. View was fantastic though.
nice view but dead as heck on a wednesday night. they hit last call earlier than listed so we didnt even get to have a drink.
I have no idea how this place has a 4 star rating, this is just crazy to me! In a nut shell the food is decent at best, the view is great IF you have a window seat otherwise you are only viewing other diners. The service is "mixed" Hostess is a total bitch, the server was ok, the manager doesn't know his head from his ass. There were 4 of us, the bill was $440. Not my first time having a bill that much, nor will it be my last but for that amount it needs to be good all around. Red Square is much better.
We had a reservation at the restaurant but instead of any great view we were given a seat in a weird white bubble facing nothing except other diners.  It was really an awful place to sit.  . . Our waiter explained how right now they had a special menu for the chef which owns the restaurant (Alain Ducasse) and that we should order from that since it was "better".. . We ordered a few dishes:. Shrimp Cocktail appetizer - It was good, made us feel a little excited about the dinner.  Ironically it was the best dish and the only one we got not on the Alain Ducasse menu.. . Boneless Ribeye - It was not good.  I felt like I paid $46 for a USDA select cut of meat.  It wasn't tender and the fat wasn't juicy.  I cook better steaks on a stove-top at home.. . John Dory "Meuniere" - The fish was dry, overcooked, and way underseasoned.  This dish was only 1/2 eaten.  . . We didn't even order dessert since our main courses were so poor.  Somehow those 3 dishes totaled up to $140 even w/o drinks.  I think the waiter realized we weren't very happy, and brought us a little baked good with some nutella.  That was ok but we were happy to get out of there.  We were only in town for 2 days so it was extremely disappointing.
-Saturday night, (8/25/12), right before the dinner rush.. . I had never heard of Mix restaurant until a week before I was invited to go there for dinner.  Mix is more known in Vegas as a bar/lounge with great views of the strip and is located at the top of the THEhotel, a part of the Mandalay Bay resort.  You can get up to the lounge by two elevators.  One is a great all glass elevator on the outside of the hotel that provides fantastic views of the strip and the valley beyond as the elevator whisks you to the top of the hotel.  The other is an inside elevator for those afraid of heights.   This outside elevator opens up into the very large bar area.  The bar also offers a balcony where you can sit outside and enjoy sweeping views while you drink and socialize.  You can walk through the bar into the adjoining restaurant.  The restaurant is a circular room done in white and chrome colors withcontrasting bright red glassware and windows almost all the way around.  There are strings of clear glass balls hanging down from the ceiling that help to separate the space from the bar.  I suppose it is meant to look sophisticated but it instead it just looks dated, like a set from an old Austin Powers movie.. . We started off with an appetizer of the chicken and coconut Thai soup ($16) and a half order of seared duck foie gras ($17/Full order is $32).  The soup had similar ingredients to the traditional Thai Tom Ka however it was watered down and bland.  It tasted as if an amateur chef was trying to replicate a Thai dish and failed.  The foie gras, on the other hand, was luscious and fatty with just a smattering of lemon confit on the top to balance the tastes.  . . For dinner, we had the John Dory "Meuniere" ($38) and the Slightly Glazed "NE3" Pork Belly with spicy "mangavocao" salad ($34).  The fish was slightly overcooked and somewhat dry but served with enough fennel and tomatoes to cover the mistake.  The pork, on the other hand, was cooked well but very, very salty.  The mango and avocado salad tasted fine and was artfully presented in a small lettuce leaf, but did not go well with the salty pork meat.  I like fusion cuisine but this tasted more like throwing flavors together simply for the sake of it, rather than for the taste.  Perhaps they should stop trying to think up cute phrases to put in quotation marks on their menu, and concentrate more on cooking well.  We would not order either of these dishes again.. . For dessert, we both had the home made ice-cream and sorbet.  You can create your own plate by picking any combination of four ice creams flavors, sorbets or toppings from an extended list of choices ($9).  I had the pistachio and almond ice creams with maraschino cherries and brownie bites toppings.  Your "creation" is served simply as two small (and I mean small) ice-cream scoops on a plate with two little cups on the side filled with your choice of toppings.  While the ice cream tasted fine, the maraschino cherries were straight out of a jar from the supermarket and the brownie crumbles were a tad stale.  You could get something tastier and cheaper at your local frozen yogurt store.  This is from a Michelin star chef?. . The service was good and the waiter was attentive but there were several times when we had to ask for water.  To quote the waiter's own words, "it is a bad idea for a restaurant to use red glassware; you can never tell when the glasses are empty".  If only the restaurant management would note the same point.  Overall, the food was just ok.  But you expect more from a Michelin star chef.  Perhaps the executive chef is not replicating Chef Ducasse's dishes correctly, perhaps the restaurant is just a second thought to the bar or perhaps they are just hoping that you are so tipsy from the bar that you don't notice the imperfections in the food.  In any event, I would definitely recommend bringing your guests to the lounge to enjoy the view and drinks, but then bring them elsewhere to eat.
I selected the Chef's tasting menu along with the Wine pairing. I was not impressed with the restaurant at all. I can not believe Alain Ducasse put his name on this restaurant. . . The bread basket that came out(yawn) and the cold butter (peanut butter-butter and unsalted) that crumbled on my bread when I tried smearing it, really? I do not know where to start from the boring Curry Lobster on coconut bastmati rice to the highly alcoholic Baba Armagnac for dessert. The one thing that was tasty was the Foie Gras on top of the beef fillet, along with the Rioja(really good) was the only thing I enjoyed. I really wished I had gone with the some thing from A-la carte menu. . . For the price of the tasting menu with wine pairing you should go to Sage in the Aria hotel, talkabout a spectacular meal. . . Well, I hope you find my review helpful.
***MIX provides a great view of The Strip and the service is very nice, but the food is below average when compared to fine dining spots outside of Las Vegas***. . MIX is the second Alain Ducasse restaurant I've tried.  The other one was in Tokyo and it was decent but not special.  Occasionally, the food at MIX felt pretty good, but often the food felt a little below average.  The food tastes slightly better than nearby Aureole (and the service is better too), but MIX just does not feel like a great fine dining spot.. . The Alain Ducasse name is definitely a draw for MIX, but the atmosphere is too.  MIX sits on the 64th floor of the Mandalay Bay and you get a good view of The Strip (best at night) from most tables; there are some obstructed views.  The dining room is nice--mostly an all white room with white tablecloth; there are splashes of red here and there.  The lounge area is different; it utilizes darker and more typical lounge colors.. . MIX offers several menu options.  There is an a la carte menu, which features starters and entrees including several Prime steaks.  There is also a seasonal MIX tasting menu as well as a tasting menucomprised of Alain Ducasse signature dishes.  I decided to opt for the Alain Ducasse tasting menu.. . (Sweet corn soup amuse) The sweet corn flavor was good and it was creamy, but it was way too hot--almost like they zapped it in the microwave.. . (Assorted bread with butter and peanut butter) The breadbasket was a decent variety of options, but it was just okay.  The addition of peanut butter was interesting, but the actual peanut butter itself was not that great.. . (Potato gnocchi, asparagus, mushrooms, aged cheese) The gnocchi was okay; it was a little doughy and I prefer gnocchi with a seared outside.  The asparagus was good.  The mushrooms were just okay, but I really liked the aged cheese, which was sharp and hard but still surprisingly creamy and not dry (there should have been more of it on the plate).. . (Seared foie gras, date puree, lemon confit) I added this as an a la carte item to the tasting menu and the date puree was a good sweet compliment to the more salty foie gras.  The foie gras was not that good though.  It was a little stringy and it was not that smooth or creamy.. . (Roasted Maine lobster au curry, coconut basmati rice) The lobster was tender, but it just lacked the softness and moistness you get at really great fine dining restaurants. The coconut basmati rice was nice and creamy and the curry sauce was fragrant, but the flavors did not really develop.  It just became a decent curry dish and nothing else.  And because it was such a big portion, it became kind of a task to eat (instead of a really great dish where you can't put your fork down).. . (Filet mignon rossini, foie gras, black truffle) This was the main course and it was quite rich and heavy.  The filet was decent.  It was cooked okay and was juicy and tender enough, but I did not think the quality of the meat was great.  The foie gras was similar to the a la carte foie gras where it just did not have that velvety smoothness you get with great foie gras (the texture kind of reminded me of when you don't do creme brulee right and it becomes like scrambled egg).. . The black truffle was not that great either.  It was probably Australian truffle and not the peak season for it.  This truffle part might be better in the winter.. . (Mango puree) The first dessert was a palate cleanser and it was not that great.  It was mango puree and a soda foam.  It was just tart and fizzy and not that refreshing.. . (Baba a 'larmagnac, brioche, blueberry compote, cream) This was a kind of make-your-own dessert because they serve it in parts.  The sponge cake-like brioche sits atop a good blueberry compote and there is very strong brandy on the side for pouring and a very good cream for applying, dipping and such.  As individual parts, this dessert was decent, but I did not really love it as a whole.. . (Madeleines with chocolate dipping sauce).  I liked that the madeleines were freshly baked, but they were too big.  I wish they had more of a defined edge/crust.  The chocolate dipping sauce did not have a great flavor and was too thick.. . Despite a lot of the food being mediocre, the service was very good.  The staff was pleasant and attentive and the food came out at a good pace.. . Prices were high, but you do get a very generous amount of food with the tasting menu.  And because a lot of the food is rich and heavy, you definitely will not leave hungry.. . I thought the service at MIX was very good, but the food was about the same quality as Mandalay Bay's other lackluster fine dining spot Aureole.  There is a lot mediocre fine dining in Las Vegas and, unfortunately, Alain Ducasse's MIX falls in that bunch.  If you are looking for better and more contemporary French dining, you should check out L'atelier de Joel Robuchon in the MGM Grand instead.. . The Mandalay Bay offers both complimentary valet and self parking.
I used to frequent Mix Lounge semi-frequently and always had a nice time. This review is for the restaurant, however.... . After hearing many great things, my casino host booked my friend and I reservations a few weeks back. . . Upon arriving, we had to wait a few minutes for a booth by the window, which I specifically requested. Alas, this accommodation was made, except we were seated at one of the booths without a view. Annoying.. . After perusing the menu, we decided on the tasting menu, which sounded absolutely lovely. Our harried waiter was too busy to take our order, so another waiter said that we "looked like we'd been waiting a while" (we had) and asked if he could take our order. . . The first few courses went by at a leisurely pace. Our waiter was basically absent for the meal. Just about every staff other member in the restaurant accommodated our requests. Have you ever had a pastry chef get you a soda refill? I hadn't either. . . Just before the dessert course, we asked to add an additional dessert and would gladly pay for it, since neither of us were sure we'd like the tasting menu option. A full 35 minutes later, we'd still seen no dessert. Finally our waiter showed up with the additional one we ordered (after asking about it twice) but the one from the tasting menu was still a no show.. . Getting the check took another bit of time and when it arrived, we were given no apologies for the lack of the dessert. Even after mentioning it, he didn't offer to get us a new one or remove the one that we did receive from the bill, since the tasting menu course didn't arrive.. . Here's a couple of other flaws:. - My friend didn't get his coffee refill (which he asked for multiple times). - My Diet Pepsi Refill. - Diet Pepsi. Ew.. - The bread basket arrived at our third tasting meal course.. - Our waiter had a rat tail. . On a positive note, the food itself was pretty good.
The food is good but the service is bad. Two hours, forgot drinks, forgot food, took too long to order after dinner drinks and dessert. Yet they still added a twenty percent tip! WTF! i was only with 6 people. We were very un impressed by the wait staff and servers. Great view, nice atmosphere but won't be back. Too many other great restaurants in the area.
The atmosphere was a bit loud, dual entry into the restaurant made for high traffic depending on where you were sitting, for what ever reason there were 3 females at the host station most of the night, dress code was not enforced, silverware was spotty, windows were dirty, waiters customer service was nothing exceptional, really nice view, food was great and good presentation but they did however served what appeared to be Nutella. Why would a restaurant bearing a Michelin Star serve a hazel nut chocolate spread that can be purchased at Wal-Mart?
Came here for a fun date night because I received a dining credit from work for $50. We didn't come very dressed up (jeans and a nice top), so right away our waiter was cold towards us. We ordered a few drinks but they tasted like there wasn't any alcohol in it, so I asked the waiter if he could bring me a new drink because this one taste too sweet, he took the drink back without an apology and brought me a smaller glass with the drink...and charged me for TWO drinks even thought i had only taken 2 sips of my first drink. Our food was fantastic but when we went to pay for the check and handed him the dining credit he gave us a dirty look and walked away. When we got our check back he had already added on his tip, assuming we wouldn't tip him well...he gave himself a nice tip of $25 for a $150 meal. Even though the food was good, the service and snooty looks were enough to never have me come back! Also, it was hard finding this place! Had to walk around for 30 minutes to find out you have to take secret elevators to get here. No thanks! Just because I live in Vegas and can't drop $300 on a nice meal doesn't mean I deserved to be treated like that.
We were there with a party of 10 to celebrate a friend's Birthday.. . The good news-The view is great.. . . The service is awful.  Aside from the guy topping off my water every few minutes, I was shocked at how bad the service was.  This alone would cause me to never go back.  We were seated, and waited nearly 15 minutes for a drink order to be taken.  We then waited about another 15 minutes before our apps order was taken.  And the restaurant wasn't full.. . The food, IMO, was mediocre at best. I started with a Tuna Tartare, which is normally one of my favorite appetizers, and I've had it in several different places.  While the plate certainly looked nice, it was tasteless.  I mean, you have a spice rack back there, don't you?  Just very bland, and nothing at all special. There was a tiny bit of sauce on the side that provided some much needed flavor-but they put 4 dime sized drops across the plate.  Hey, it would have been nice to have some of it that was meant for more than decoration.. . I got the slow roasted Halibut for an entree.  It was cooked very well, but again-it was flavorless.  There was, once again, the tiniest bit of sauce over the halibut, that sat on a bed of peppers and some other vegetables.  That bed of vegetables was without question the best part of the meal.  It was very good.  The dish came with a small amount of "lobster sauce" on the side, which IMO had no business being put on that nice piece of Halibut.  On the side I also ordered the "fork mashed" potatoes.  Once again (and almost comically so...), there was no salt, no herbs, no butter, no flavor. . . For dessert, I got a piece of strawberry cheesecake that was very tasty.  It came with a sorbet on the side, and a small amount of fruit compote.  One of my friends asked how it was, and I said "it's good,  but luckily sugar, fruit, and cheese mixed together is usually going to come out pretty good".. . I will say that one of my friends got , IIRC, a bison tenderloin of some sort that was VERY good.  If I ever found myself here again (which probably won't happen anytime soon), that would certainly be what I got.  There were also a few of us that got the lobster, which they said was very good.. . There were also two different versions of a tasting menu that looked really good that some of us wanted to try.  But, it was not to be, because in order to order that, the entire table had to get it-something that I really don't understand.. . One last note-I personally can't stand when a restaurant decides to automatically put a gratuity on the bill.  It's just a pet peeve of mine, and I know waiters and waitresses work hard, etc.  And I always pay it-but I sometimes will let the manager know that the staff would have been tipped a lot more if they just kept that off of there.  In this case, for the first time, we had people taking out calculators to figure out how much of a tip was put on the bill-something I've NEVER done.  If I wasn't with a group of people celebrating a birthday, I would have absolutely complained to the manager to get that gratuity off the bill, and I would have decided myself how much to leave-the service was that bad.
This place is all about the view. The food was MEH, the service was extremely cold. Order a $22 glass of wineand it's swung by the table by some random guy, blink and I'd have missed it's delivery. When at a restaurant of this supposed caliber, I expect an explanation of the wine, etc. Food was just not at all appetizing. Oh and the decor of the place is like eating inside an operating room.
I like the ambiance and service. However, the food presentation was all it seemed to have going for it. The food was bland and mediocre at best. Not worth the money spent.
The service here was not that impressive. We walked in shortly before the champagne  toast and explored a bit since some had not been here before. Lots of employees were around and no on said hi or welcome. That's ok, but not what is expected. The server was busy with other tables which is ok but then once we ordered we got things we didn't order and had to send it back with the person delivering, and this happened twice. During the champagne toast, no one was coming to have any and the guy was giving us grief about asking to try both of the drinks. when the bill came, they added on things that weren't ours and we finally had to cancel an order that never came but yet they left a check for us to pay for it. Love the view but not the service
it was a very nice place to lounge and the workers were very nice but I ate the chilled eggplant and within hours I got food poisoning. I definitely would not come back.
This place was pretty junk. It wasn't so much the decor or the ambience, but rather the staff and the people.  Uh, apparently this place is a restaurant. No clue, I'm talking about the lounge/club.. . First, it wasn't very busy when we went on a Friday night, and the people who were there looked like they were not having any fun either. They probably got recruited by the various Mandalay Bay properties like the restaurants that promise you free cover if you bring the receipt, or the solicitors on the main floor handing out cards also offering free cover. Well no shit there's free cover, there isn't anybody inside! One of the staff approached us and offered us bottle service for a deal (forget the price) so we accepted, why the hell not it was cheaper than buying at the bar. We had our own little sitting area that was completely empty. This dude acted like he was doing us the biggest favour in the world to be sitting there. He later sends us some girls over who are just looking to get some free drinks from us. They were beautiful, sure, but seriously? I know it's Vegas and everything but come on! We shooed them away and off they went to the only other table in our area with people at it, who were hooting and hollering them over. They chatted with the guys, got their free drinks, then took off making out with various random dudes and getting free drinks along the way. Then off they vanished never to be seen again... The end.. . The patio outside has a really nice view, filled with a lot of not happy looking people as well. Probably felt ripped off because maybe they paid cover? We'll never know.
