From reading the reviews and seeing Hash House a Go Go on TV all the time, I was really excited to eat here.  . . I ordered a regular bloody mary and the House-Smoked fresh salmon, cream cheese and scallions hash.  The bloody mary was really spicy and put my face on fire, but from whatever else my tastebuds could sense, it was good??  . . When the hash came out, it looked absolutely gorgeous...then it went quickly downhill from there.  The waitress gave me a disclaimer that the smoked salmon wasn't lox and that it was hot-smoked salmon, which I was fine with, but it was completely dry and lacked any sort of smokiness.  It just tasted like crumbled, overcooked salmon.  The cream cheese helped add some depth to the flavor, but it was just lumped in there.  The potatoes were also flavorless.  This dish really needed some seasoning or some kind of sauce to pour over the whole thing.  The biscuit was good though!  . . I'd like to think I just ordered the wrong thing and I'm naive enough to come back and try something else.  But, my advice to all of you...don't get the smoked salmon hash!
Came to this Hash House in Imperial Palace because we wanted to avoid the long wait on the one on Sahara.  . . There was no line when we got there and there were plenty of seats opened, but it still took 10 minutes to seat us.  . . After we ordered our food, it took 45 minutes for us to get our food.  When we got our food, it looked like our food was made a while ago and the mash potatoes started to form a cold layer on top.  . . The food was still OK even though it wasn't as warm.  But after all that waiting, I lost my appetite.
Hash House A Go Go in Imperial Palace YOU SUCK. . First off your staff is rude!! Unpleasant and you can tell they didn't want to be there.  Don't give your customers stink faces or stare them down.  . . Secondly make sure you serve food without hair.   Our friends found a cute little curly hair in their meal.  They did end up taking it off the bill but seriously it ruined every ones appetite.. . Lastly, the portions are large but they don't compare to the portions in SD.  I kept telling everybody to be astonished by the portions.. They weren't!! Maybe I'm just getting fat or i eat too much but i remember the portions in SD were humongo! We had to take 3 boxes full of food last time! . . The food was good, just not as good as the one in SD!! SHAME!!!  I would have given you one star, but the yummy Andy's sage fried chicken saved your rating. . . THUMBS DOWN! I'll be making another trip to the SD location!
This place was a roller coaster ride of excitement and disappointment. . . When I was randomly looking for lunch places in Vegas while my ladyfriend was at her conference this place popped up. Having just watched Man vs Food and seeing this place I figured what the hell, let's try it out. Looking at the prices for lunch I knew it would be a gamble, but this is Vegas, so let's bet it all!. . I was by myself so I sat at the bar and was serviced by a pleasant enough spikey hair lady behind the bar. No problems here.. . I ordered the chicken and waffles because that's their "specialty" and it should fill me up from about 11am til dinnertime.. . It arrived quickly in all its visual majesty. It really is an impressive tower. Check out my pic, it's like #250 in the yelp list. Four large waffles topped by a 4 giant pieces of fried chicken. This is going to be awesome I said to myself.. . Then, I started eating some of it, and my joy turned to sorrow. Sadly, the fried chicken had no flavor. I don't think I've ever had flavorless fried chicken, but this place somehow pulled it off.. . Next, the waffles. There too was a I disappointed. They were really bready and had none of that malty waffle goodness. I had to ask for more syrup just to make the whole thing edible.. . Yes, it is a gigantic amount of food, but for $16, it better look AND taste good, and this wasn't the case. This was my most expensive lunch $20+ and also the worst. Sometimes you bet it all and lose it all in Vegas...
Horrible service from the wait staff. The food was just as good as the original location but service SUCKS!!!!! I ordered the Chicken Benedict and they ran out of biscuits. Instead of telling me, they had the nerve to serve it without and try to sneak it past me. Our table of 6 received our food one plate at a time over the course of 20 minutes. What is even funnier, is that the last item served was a salad! I will only go to the original location from now on, this one blows.
I have to say that the Hash House in San Diego was a lot better. The only reason i gave this place two stars is because i had a lot of fun due to the environment of the restaurant. . . First off... its in one of the cheapest hotels on the strip. I was surprised that they actually chose the imperial palace as their location. I think it would fit better in the planet hollywood or hard rock hotel but thats just my opinion. . . This place was very crowded but that does not excuse the poorservice. Other locations are equally as busy but still manage to provide decent food drinks and service. . . The drinks here were so so and the food was alright. The service was piss poor. Half our food barely made it out and when it did it was incomplete. . . To speak on behalf of the Hash House brand... Hash House has a crazy odd menu with large pizza pan size pancakes, bag of bud light and bacon, giant biscuits with gravy, and excellent bloody marys. Its definitely worth a try.. . All in all, If you want interesting food and in large portions this is the place for you.
I've been to the San Diego branch and couldn't stop raving about it.  So the girls and I were very excited when we found out there was one on the strip = perfect way to recover from all the partying over the weekend.. How wrong we were.. . Incredibly long waits, even after we'd already been seated.  Waitress just seemed very harried with the crowd, so we were happy to chill, but really, 30min before we could even place our order was a bit much.. . Finally received our food and it was mediocre.  We ordered the corned beef hash, chicken and waffles, and french toast with the bananas.  Of the 3, the french toast was the only one that was decent, though the SD version was better.  . . Portions are definitely huge, so probably a good place to go when you're still buzzed (ie impaired taste buds) and have a serious appetite.
O-V-E-R-R-A-T-E-D. . . Seriously? I mean, it was good for breakfast/brunch but it was NOT as amazing as everyone raves about. . . We waited about 45 minutes alongside every other person awake in Vegas at 9:00am on a Saturday. After we were finally seated (6 of us), we looked around at so many empty, clean tables! Very odd.. . I ordered a scramble (came with a biscuit, melon slice, and potatoes) and the serving wasn't that incredible and I almost ate it all (I'm 110lb and petite). My potatoes weren't hot and my melon wasn't ripe. It just wasn't that impressive. The only thing I did enjoy was the coffee. Tasty coffee!. . Overall--I would eat somewhere else or maybe visit the Hash House off the strip? Maybe Imperial Palace cramps its style.
huge plates of really cheap filling food.  If you're going for quantity you'll love it...if you care about the quality  go somewhere else
If I were reviewing food alone this would be an easy 4 star, maybe even 5, it's the only reason we went twice.  That sage fried chicken will forever be in my dreams; unfortunately the service will always haunt my nightmares.  Two days in a row you guys failed.  Hard.  Telling us to come check on our table in 20-30 minutes because the buzzers don't work in the casino (why even give them out? If we aren't in the casino we are sitting right in front of your face, just call our name), then when we come back in exactly 19 minutes you have given away our table and proceed to sit three more parties in front of us.  Don't tell us we can go downstairs if you are going to give away our table.  Our waiter on this day was a little flighty; service was al little slow, but nothing too bad, 20% was earned. But day two taught us how bad it could be.  Our server started off with a little banter, a little personality is always nice, and was lacking the day before.  Then she was gone.  I had ordered a BLT Mary (which was delicious), and delivered to my table after about 10-15 minutes by someone else,  our server did appear when I had finished it to see if id like another.  I said no thank you, but some more water would be nice, and a dining companion asked for a re-fill on her diet coke.  The diet coke made it back, but no water.  Then another server brought out one of our four food orders.  A bit later two more orders, then the final.  Still no server and no water.  None of us got water until we were finished eating and finally flagged down a server from another table, and you can imagine how long that was with the size of their portions.  We waited about 10 more minutes, still thirsty, and finally asked a bus boy for water and a box.  He brought the water, thank god.  After another 10 minutes out server came back, we asked for her to get the box, she did.  We also asked for out check.  She gave us some flack about coupons, but finally got it done.  WORST SERVICE EVER. Moral of the story, sage chicken delish, but have lots of time and low expectations for everything else.
This joint came highly recommended by a client who said the meal there was "magnificent."  . . It was magnificently disappointing.  . . After making my mom trudge through the crap-hole that is, the Imperial Palace, we took the middle escalator (important fact) up to HHAGG.  . . There was no wait, but it was relatively late after the LOVE show.  We were both tired, hungry and not feeling well.  I ordered the grilled cheese.  It was huge and had a steak knife stuck in the middle.  The bread wasn't very grilled and the cheese wasn't melted and gooey.  But it was BIG.    . . Mom wanted a BLT which is served on the lunch menu and although they serve sandwiches at dinner, the BLT isn't one of the dinner offerings so no dice.  This rule was explained by our somewhat ditsy server who said it was important to "maintain the integrity of the original HH in order to keep the license. "  That made us feel so much better about the lack of accommodation.    . . She ordered a Cesar salad instead.  It was a huge plate of iceberg lettuce, some croutons and a giant tree of Rosemary.  Wha???. . Much like the LOVE show, I didn't really "get" HHAGG.  . . I sense the original version in San Diego is much better so skip the Vegas rendition.
We were recommended Hash House by several friends who will remain anonymous.  We were told about how good everything is, and that it would be worth the wait.  Plus, we were there late Saturday morning, where people would be lined up for some serious eating to remedy their hangovers--I expected a wait, so the 30 minutes it took to get us a table didn't bother me.  . . The service once we were seated, was spotty at best.  We were warned by our server that the wait for the food can be a little long, and we appreciated that--but after 20 minutes, coffee cups and water glasses were empty, and no one came by to check on us.  Food came out all at different times--the 3 others at my table all received their plates within a few minutes of each other, but my plate didn't show up for another 10 minutes--my husband had already finished his portion of his meal by the time I was able to start on mine.  Once our food had all arrived, our server completely disappeared; he never stopped by until we had been finished eating for at least 20 minutes, waiting for boxes and our check.  . . Another issue I have with Hash House is their no substitutions policy.  I realize it adds some extra work for the kitchen, but if you are on any kind of special diet (especially for health issues), just be forewarned that they will not make any special substitutions.  My husband and I both have issues with gluten and the thought of eating a biscuit bigger than my fist just plain hurts--we had asked if we could substitute the biscuit for some fruit, and we couldn't--it was really a huge waste.  . . However, the food we had was pretty good, and the BLT Mary I had was TASTY, so it's why I added the second star.  Still, I would be hard-pressed to give them my money again next time we're in Vegas.
The reality is the food here is pretty good. Solid Flavor. Generous portions. Creative plating and presentation.  The problem lies in the service here is not good.  Its a common theme in these reviews yet management doesnt seem to make changes.  . . The Hostess isnt qualified to work at denny's.  The server was dry as hell. you have to walk down escalator to use washroom.  And they are slow.  We went at nite late when it was virtually dead.  Id say its safe to say coming heere for a weekend breakfast would be rolling the dice.. . The concept here is good, the execution of management isnt.  Plus, walking into the Imperial Palace is depressing
THE FOOD IS AMAZING!!!! all the portions are crazy but everything is amazing. I had the Komomo, which is a meatloaf sandwhich, and it was amazing! and I can't stand meatloaf. BUT the service is HORRIBLE!!! the host is really slow but the server is even slower!! I understand it vegas and its busy but we went when it wasn't busy and she still didn't have a clue how to do her job. She had like 3 tables and messed up everything. The prices are ok and the FOOD gets an A++ but the service gets a ZERO.
I really wasn't impressed with this place.. . My group waited for almost 2 hours for a table (during which time we went from a group of 8 to a group of 4 - I stuck it out because my brother claimed it was amazing). After we FINALLY got a table, we waited about another 45 minutes for our food. . . It was so-so. My boyfriend and I split the chicken and waffles and, honestly, I've had better chicken and waffles at soooo many different places (Roscoe's, Gussie's, etc., etc.). I thought both the chicken and the waffles were REALLY dry, they didn't give us any syrup, it was hellish trying to get the waitress' attention to get drink refills... overall, I was just really disappointed because this place had been talked up to me so much. . . Also, I know the portions are huge, but I still felt like it was overpriced because the QUALITY was really sub-par.. . I wouldn't talk this place up to anyone, nor would I come again on my own free will.
This place is like food for giants, not unlike many places in Vegas.  The portions are huge and if you finish it, you are not any average person.  The menu was also huge.  My friend and my boyfriend had a hard time deciding, but we had plenty of time because the place was packed.. . I would've rated this higher if I didn't have such a bad experience with what I had.  I had one of the house hashes, which I was not familiar with until it was served to me.  Roasted Chicken, garlic, onions, asparagus and rosemary house hash turned out to be that with some crispy potatoes and some fruit and biscuit.  The chicken was amazingly dry and flavorless.  I took the rest home, but I don't know why because I knew I wasn't going to eat it.  I couldn't even salvage it with some seasonings because it was so dry.. . My boyfriend's sage fried chicken eggs benedict was good, but still not enough for me to go back for it.  My friend's quesadilla was like a high pancake folded in half, it was pretty hilarious.  He liked his plate too...so I guess I was the only one.  Next time, if I ever go again, maybe I'll ask the regulars what they enjoy eating.  Still, I'd rather be able to try out the menu and not be afraid it'll either taste great or disgusting.
I got recommended to come here by two friends of mine.  One went to this location and the other went to the West Vegas location.  Since I had just got into town, I wasn't willing to venture a drive so my group walked across the street to the IP to eat here. It was a Sunday so brunch menu was on.  After a modest wait, the hostess sat us down and after a couple of minutes, we were ready to order.  Then we waited...and waited...and waited...no water, no server greeting, nothing!  One of us flagged down a server and asked him if he was our server and he said he wasn't.  He said that he would try to find ours.  Then more waiting...and still nothing.  At this point, it was getting to the ridiculous stage.  Finally after 20 minutes of waiting, I went to the bar seating area and asked the bartender for four glasses of water.  I also told her that we have been ignored and she volunteered to take our order for us.  Thank you!!!  She literally saved our day.... . Now I can go into how much food there was and how good it tasted and the combination of their chicken and waffles was...BUT, this place had a huge service failure which makes the food quality irrelevant in this case.  Sorry kitchen guys, nothing against y'all.. . I do know that our bartender/server did speak to someone regarding the fact that our table was forgotten but did we get an apology or acknowledgement from a management rep?  Nope.  Am I surprised?  Not really.  With the way that they turn over tables and the mass amount of people/tourists that come through here, I'm really not surprised that the customer service is this severely lacking.  When I saw that the server who had the tables next to ours tell us that he couldn't take our order because he wasn't our "server", then that was a big warning sign that the management team here has not fostered an environment of teamwork within the front of house staff.  If they were a "team", then somebody would have stepped up and took our order despite us not being in his or her section.  Customer should come first but obviously that's not the case here.  . . Hash A Go Go...I give you 3.5 stars for your food and product but the Imperial Palace location, I give you zero and that goes directly to the management who run this place on a daily basis.  I know for a fact that I'm not ever going to come back to this location.  . . Belated thanks again to our savior who was the only person who helped to take our order and save our day.  We tipped her cash and in full and I asked that she not split that tip with her other servers because she was the only one who deserved it.
We stopped in here because the Studio Buffet had a huge line. I had a coupon as well. But as I headed toward the restaurant I realized the coupon was only good for dinner. But we decided to try it anyway. I've been to the one on Sahara and it was good.. . The waiter took our order and came right back with our drinks. It took longer for our meals. My husband ordered 3 egg breakfast with sausage and scrambled eggs. They brought him 1 1/2 eggs and the breakfast fries were cremated. He couldn't eat them. I ordered the upside down chicken pot pie. I'm not sure who invented this but they should lose the recipe. It was beautifully presented but it was awful. It was served in a thick hard cracker. The filling had no salt and was so bland. I ate the chicken out of it.. . I saw the french toast and the eggs benedict. They looked really good. I don't know if we miss ordered or all the food is bad.. . The restaurant is beautiful and easy to get to in the hotel. I will give it one more try, as I always give a place two tries. B  ut I don't think I will be recommending this restaurant.
Disappointed by the chicken and waffles. After reading some of these reviews, I believe the only time to eat it is when you're inebriated or hungover. . . Firstly, the chicken was luke-warm and dry like it were sitting out for a while. The waffles were much too doughy! (And here's a tip for the bacon; use bits, not strips if you're placing it inside the waffle.) The maple reduction didn't taste like maple, but some sort of teriyaki-based Asian sauce. Like I'm all for Asian-fusion, but this dish was a disaster. I choked back tears it was so bad. The only thing on point quite frankly was the fried leeks and the only saving grace of our dinner was the Arnold Palmer. I drank it like I was dying of thirst.. . Maybe I am being a little bit dramatic, but it's only a little. Order the chicken and waffles at your own discretion. They should rip down that giant poster, burn it, and replace it with the rib-eye.
To say that the dishes here are gargantuan in size is an understatement.  They give you enough food to feed half of China. Having a location right on the Strip is a big plus.  The fried chicken with bacon waffles and fried chicken eggs benedict always remains a favorite.  . . Even though the food is decent, the wait is horrendous.  Plan about an hour to an hour  and half.  They give you the pagers but they dont work in the casino area - sucks!  The sheer volume of people that come through here has a huge impact on kitchen staff as food service is excruciatingly slow.  One of the dishes we ordered was the fried salmon sandwich and it came out 30 min after the chicken.  How does it take longer to fry fish than chicken?  The wait staff came by to check on us often and let us know that the fish would be coming out in 5 min. They must be on Spanish time cuz it took 30 min and we had to take it to go.  The person who ordered that was nonetheless very displeased since everyone else was done with their entrees before it came out. I dont think HH should levy split plate charges since it would help them out a lot to have less entrees ordered.. . For a better experience, although a bit out of the way, I recommend going to the location off of the strip.
All hype.  Badly executed food.  Coffee is weak.  Food was all cold.  The potatoes were just like the ones they used to deep fry at my grade school cafeteria, were underseasoned and tasted even worse cold.  Hash, which if it's in the place's name you'd think would be good, was big but tasted so boring I almost went back to sleep.  The spongy vanilla waffle was exactly like eating a twinkie without the cream filling.  I hate twinkies and think their only redeeming quality is the cream filling.   Oddly enough, the bacon was just plain old thin sliced bacon...cold.. . Service was good, noise level was insane, wait wasn't bad at 20 minutes.
The food is amazing. However the staff was horrible. My mother and I came in at 10:45 looking to eat off the lunch menu but when we were seated, we were told that lunch doesn't start for another 15 mins so we had already ordered our drinks, so we paid for the drinks and asked if we could wait in the waiting area for another table in 15 minutes. Now, if I was the waiter, I would have suggested that we just stay put and chat for ten minutes, and he would put our order in 5 minutes til 11 but he did not. In fact he looked at us like we were crazy. The least he could have done is helped up with our drinks to the lounge area or suggested that he keep the ticket open so we did not have to pay twice. He did not. We went to the front area and the hostess knew we were waiting til 11:00 am. Guess what, they forgot about us. Here is the kicker..we finally get seated and we look over to another table who were there previously, and they were EATTING LUNCH!!!
All hype?  Honestly the only reason I wanted to come here was cuz I saw it on Man vs Food.  If you're a fan of huge portions you might like his place, but I prefer smaller portions with better flavor.  Wow, I sound like a food snob, but I don't mean it that way.  I just felt the Fried Chicken Benedict had too much going on.  And the fried chicken didn't seem to complement the benedict.  It just added a heavier element to the already heavy ingredients.  We also got a salad and soup which I didn't mind cuz the flavors were there, just in a bigger bowl.  I didn't feel that way about the benedict.  I don't regret trying this place, but I don't think I'd come back.
Came  here after a long weekend of vegas. I stuck to the normal the basic wich was two eggs, sausage, bacon, or ham, toast, potatoes.. . The potatoes were really good I have to say although I did not like the onions o it. . . The rest of my party had the famous chicken and waffles. It was GIANT and they were not able to finish it all. The waffles had bacon IN IT.. it was interesting and the staff were friendly. However, the wait for horrible. There were empty tables inside and they made people wait for like 15-20 minutes!!. . It was not the best breakfast place I went to though.. MEH
I had a chance to eat here on my last trip to Vegas.  The place was packed on a weekday morning around 10 am, so I had  to wait for half an hour to get seated.   Service was fairly prompt, and the food came out in decent amount of time considering how packed the place was.. . The food was decent, but nothing really overwhelmingly good.  I ordered the corned beef hash, with eggs and potatoes.  This place is supposed to be the 'hash house' so I was expecting this to be knocked out of the park.   The food was served very lukewarm.  It wasn't anywhere near being hot.  I was disappointed by this and informed the server.  She offered to bring more corned beef, which there was no way to refuse.  Soon after she brought a full side plate of corned beef which at least equaled the portion served in the meal.  Shortly after that a manager came by to apologize for the initial dissatisfaction with the food.. . So at least they made a serious effort to address their cold food, but seriously when I pay 14  bucks for a breakfast entree it should be frigging perfect.
This place is all about quantity, not quality.  If you're starving, come here.  If you want good food, go elsewhere.. . I had biscuits and gravy.  I used to live in the South, so I know what this dish (which, honestly, is just a heart attack on a plate) is all about.  The restaurant got the heart attack part right, but totally missed out on the part that makes the heart attack worth it.  The sausage gravy was chalky and flavorless.  The biscuits were cold.  Perplexingly, the biscuits and gravy were served on a massive bed of mashed potatoes.  Now, I love mashed potatoes, but it just didn't fit in here.  I ate less than a quarter of it.  No one else at my table finished their meals either, and we all agreed that it was pretty mediocre.  . . Service was much better than I ever would've guessed, which is the only reason that they get two stars.
We came here because we were tired and hungry and saw it walking from our room through the casino when we went to wander the strip. I was going to have our group go to grand lux in the Venetian which would have been a much better options. But we ended up here instead. . . Prices are about the same as at grand lux or most other sit down places on the strip at like $13ish for breakfast type items. I got the corned beef hash and was surprised when it was shredded corn beef instead of ground which I thought was nice. I got scrambled eggs with them and they were very bland so I wasn't a fan. The potatoes were decent being homestyle fries style with the corned beef and cheese on top. They give you a biscuit which sucks, hard as a rock and bland and dry, we ended up taking them and threw them at our friend while wandering the strip. Everything comes with a stalk of rosemary stuck in it which looks tacky in my opinion, but whatever they think is cool. Other than the food being pretty bland, the portions were large and served in cast iron skillets which was cool and nice. Our waiter was a d-bag and made the experience even worse. He was never around, and the only time we saw him was when we ordered and when our food came, and when he brought us the check. When he brought us our food, he asked us how everything tasted, which how do we know since we just got the food?!?!  And then we didn't see him again till he brought us the bill. . I won't come back. Grand lux is far better in taste, class of the restaurant, service, and overall experience
I was so excited to try this place out and hyped it up so much I didn't think it could disappoint. I saw this place featured on Man v. Food and on countless billboards around the Strip. This location, inside Imperial Palace, had a huge line and fairly long wait. I was famished and didn't mind the wait as long as the food lived up to all the hype. Before I even looked at the menu, I knew I wanted to order their signature dish...the chicken and waffles. While I waited for my order to arrive, I saw a wide arry of delicious dishes being zipped back and forth in front of our table. All looked craftly plated, with huge heaping portions. I salivated each time my beloved (or so I thought) chicken and waffles would zip in and out of my line of sight. Finally it arrived, moment of truth. I bite into my deep fried chicken breasts and was underwhelmed to say the least. Batter was soggy, not crispy with the resounding crunch I had imagined. I gave them the benefit of the doubt and moved on to the waffles, hoping that Hash House would redeem themselves here. But alas, I was disappointed yet again. The waffles were huge, and filed with bacon which made my eyes grow large with a childlike wonder, yet I lamented again when I found those waffles to be soggy and rather flat in flavor. . . Needless to say I walked away from this place pretty much disappointed. Will probably not be returning anytime soon...at least not on my own accord.
Way too much hype about this place which is maybe why I was more disappointed than I would have been otherwise.  I ordered the egg scramble with roasted chicken and potatoes on the side.  It was BLAND. Even after adding an exorbitant amount of salt, it still was just blah.  The potatoes were fine, but OraIda at home would have been just as good.. . The people I was with got the fried chicken and waffles.  The chicken was very bland, as well.  Crispy, but flavorless.  . . Overall disappointing.. . Service was just so-so.  . . Hash House A NO Go.
Almost all food on the Strip is overpriced.  In a relative sense, the food at Hash House A Go Go was not as overpriced as some of the other places.. . The burger was one of the greasiest burgers I have ever eaten.   They even coat the outside of the bun with some sort of oil.
The Hash House in San Diego is WAY better.  I had french toast and it was not impressed.  The bread was dry and didn't have much flavor.  I had to ask for syrup two times and wait about 5 minutes before I could get any.  My husband had one of the scrambles and liked it.  The bloody mary was good but the mimosa was below average.
The food's visually stunning and beautiful; however, once you get down to eating its quite bland. In a strange way I felt swindled.. . My initial rating was a "1" star; however, the very reasonable prices and large portions forced me to make an adjustment.
i came here twice when i was in vegas, ehh i expected better, from all the rave i hear about this place. The presentation deceived me, i ordered the chicken and waffles, waffles had 2 strips on bacon inside which was tasty, but the chicken was just DRY. Ate a few bites and i was done. ill probably try something else on the menu if i ever come back.
I'm probably in the minority here, but this place just didn't live up to the hype.. . Went here for Christmas brunch with the whole family. We ordered a bunch of stuff but I'll review their 2 most famous that I tasted: Chicken and Waffles and their Eggs Benedict, and my nephew also ordered the Hamburger that I took a bite.. . On presentation and portion size alone, HHAGG gets a 5+ stars.  However, on taste it's just a 2 star. Sorry, maybe it's a case of expectations. When you have such great presentation, I expect the taste to explode in my mouth. It was more of a whimper. . . It's not bad, but it's not great and would have gotten a 3 star but I guess the hype actually hurts the place. And despite the generous portions, I didn't want more. Give me less, charge me less, and I probably would have given it a 3 star.
If you are planning to go here due to the awesome experience you've had at the San Diego location then DON'T DO IT! it'll totally ruin your fond tasteful memories of this place. This location does not have the same stuff on the menu. No strawberry mimosa?! super weak! the presentation of the food was awful. The 5 hostesses were pretty unorganized. It started off on a bad note and definitely ended on a bad note.
waited forever to get seated alomost an hour, then when the hour was up, they wanted us to wait another hour...SIKE..not happening.  so when we decided we were leaving, mysteriously there was a open table.  Got seated and there were open tables everywhere.  Ordered the food, but it took so long, I was no longer hungry.  We ordered our food at the same time, but it came out at different times.  Plus the food was cold.  Definately will not be back.....
I'm  a big fan of heading to hash house for breakfast, so we tried their dinner late night. I asked for a different cheese on my sandwich and the server said they can't melt it only put it on the side. Not sure what that was about I've worked in a restaurant for seven years, but was too tired to argue. Portions may be huge but if you're going for a good dinner, go somewhere else.  I still would come here for breakfast any day.
After eagerly anticipating this place, I was severely disappointing by the food.. . On our way back home, we decided to stop by Hash House for a Sunday brunch. I already had eyed the menu online and had a good idea of what I wanted. I ordered the avocado, bacon, onion and cheese scramble (option #1 under Scrambles) per the suggestion of the waiter. . . When the dish arrived, the food was presented nicely on a huge plate. There was a generous serving of mashes potatoes, a biscuit and the scrambled eggs. The potatoes were very rich (read: full of cream and butter) and not hot at all. The biscuit was good but would've been better served warm. Now, the "star" of the plate - the eggs.. . I hated the eggs with a passion. I took a few bites and I couldn't even any more. All I could taste was oil mixed with more butter mixed with cheese that was COLD. It wasn't seasoned at ALL and was basically a greasy puddle of room temperature oily eggs with bits of bacon. There was no texture in the eggs and it just tasted soggy and disgusting. *GROSS*. . I paid way too much for a plate of oily, under seasoned food that was NOT EVEN WARM AT ALL.. . +1 star for the zero wait time but maybe we should've just dealt with the long wait and gone to the Sahara location since I heard that place has better food.
All show, no go! Great looking food, huge portions - but it all tastes off. From a little off to way off. The music was very loud (and we just saw Motley Crew the night before, so we like loud music) - just not excruciating loud rap music while one is eating breakfast. The waitress's comment when we asked that it might be turned down .... "that's just how we roll" sure let us know that we were not their top priority. . And they charge to share a plate - that is absolutely disgusting. Great idea, poorly executed and horribly delivered. Oh - by the way ... probably the most expensive breakfast on the strip.
Seriously giant burgers - definitely the largest I've ever seen. Two thin-yet-half-pound patties, each the size of a dinner plate.  Way more than I wanted, even if it tasted good (which it didn't).  But for under $9, it was a surprising deal.  But that's not a good-enough reason for me to eat here again.
I was so excited to try the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles but it just did not meet my expectations. Also, I didn't even realize my meal was off until the end but I was too disappointed to bother bringing it up to our waiter. The idea of Sage Fried Chicken sounds amazing but mine just wasn't all that great. The batter was bland. The chicken was soo dry that after every bite I felt the need to down mouthfuls of water just to get it all down without choking. I got only one piece of chicken rather than two with the four bacon waffles. So essentially, I paid $18.50 for one piece of super dry fried chicken and four mediocre waffles. I thought I wad trippin that I somehow forgot that I ate the chicken or bf ate it when I wasnt looking but I confirmed my suspicions with the picture I took.. . I like that the dish is beautifully garnished but I dont like that they pour the syrup on the waffles prior to bringing it out. I normally don't like too much syrup on my waffles so that was disappointing and it came out soggy because it had been sitting.. The only thing I absolutely liked was the Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade. It tasted refreshing after an exhausting day on the strip. The server was nice and kept our glasses full but the food wasnt all that great. On that note, I may be back to try another dish but the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles was just wayy too disappointing and definitely not worth the money for just that one piece. :(
Bland. Very, very bland. Huge disappointment, despite the hype. The only thing "twisted" about this place is the sheer amount of crap they pile on and not a single gram of seasoning.. . We ordered Andy's sage chicken and eggs with bacon mashed potatoes; and sausage gravy with biscuits. The chicken was dry. The maple reduction made the breading a bit soggy, which created an unsavory contradiction.. . Had breakfast at 10 am on Thursday morning. Wait was 10 minutes. Service was fair. Food was not worth the price, despite the large portion (which was left unfinished and us unsatisfied). Won't be coming back here again.
well...it was okay.. . i went with some friends who raved about how great this place was. two of the five of us went to get a table, and after waiting for 25 minutes, were told that we couldn't be seated until our whole group was here (which would have been helpful to know when they took down our names). even though the rest of the group was only 30 seconds away, we got knocked to the back of the queue.. . all the while, i'm looking at the menu deciding what i want. i finally decide, and we are finally seated at 11:03, 40 minutes after we first got there. when we were seated, the waitress gave this huge intro speech about how great hash house a go go is and how everything is fresh and made to order and that nothing is pre-prepared. when i went to order the item that i'd been eyeing the whole time we were waiting, i was told that i couldn't have it because they switched over their menus at 11, even though we first got there long before. they also told me that i couldn't substitute anything, because there wasn't enough room in the kitchen to make everything to order.. . now waaaaaaait a second. i though you just said that you make everything to order and that nothing is preprepared. i guess there are obviously exceptions to every rule. okay. fine. forget it. so i ordered a burger.. . the presentation was spectacular, but fell short on taste and practicality. the patty was twice the size of the bun, and therefore the toppings were all over the place. it was impossible to get one single bite with all of the toppings in it. i had to cut off the excess patty just to figure out a way to raise it to my mouth. it was so greasy i had to wash my hands, face, and forearms after eating it. it was...meh. i didn't take the leftovers.. . my negative opinion probably wouldn't be so negative if the place weren't hyped up by not only my friends, but the waitress herself. i probably won't go back on my next vegas visit.
After our $60 breakfast here I can safely say this place isn't worth the hype!. . When we arrived at 9:30AM there was no wait. When we left, maybe an hour later, there were so many people waiting it had to have been over an hour wait. Let me tell you, I would have been PISSED if I had waited more than 15 minutes for this breakfast!. . Drinks - I ordered a Watermelon Lemonade and BF ordered a Pistachio Iced Mocha. The drinks were awesome! Mine was slightly sour but had enough watermelon flavor that it wasn't too much. His Pistachio Mocha was sooo good! I was mad that I didn't order it. . . For breakfast both my BF and my BFF ordered the Tractor Driver Combo which is two eggs, bacon or sausage, and a pancake, or you can substitute a waffle or french toast for one extra dollar. BFF got the pancake (that thing was bigger than the plate it was served on!!) and BF got the Vanilla Waffle. . . Their eggs (scrambled) were nice and fluffy, the bacon was alright. His waffle was good, but didn't taste like vanilla, and her pancake she liked, but couldn't even eat half of it.. . My order - okay you know when you read the description for something and then it arrives and you realize you read the description all wrong? This is what happened to me. . . I ordered the HH Original Benedict. Eggs Benedict - I expect hollandaise and some poached eggs. Whatever else happens is fine, but those are the things I need. I read that I would get a biscuit instead of an english muffin and there was mention of mashed potatoes, although I didn't know how that would fit in. I read about the red pepper cream, but I thought that would be along with my hollandaise. I read basted eggs, and I honestly didn't know what that meant. . . So I received this massive red mess with sprigs of rosemary and what look like pine needles shooting out the side of my food. I get trying to make a plate look nice, but this was a bit much.. . The taste? Eh. The top layers are alright. The basted egg is overcooked, no runny yolk at all, but the sauce was okay and the tomato was fine. The bottom layers though, a dry ass biscuit on top of dry mashed potatoes. Not a good combo. They really have no business calling this any sort of benedict since they strayed away from every traditional benedict characteristic possible, aside from stacking everything on top of each other.. . There are many better places to drop $60 on breakfast at in Vegas - this is not one I would revisit. Also, apparently there was an episode of Man vs Food filmed here? That must be their claim to fame because our waiter mentioned it at least 5 times. Wow, I am so impressed.
Quantity is not alway better then quality and I think that is what is lacking here. I get and appreciate the effort they try to make with the "farm to table" aspect they are trying to go for but this is in a huge hotel where it gets lost it is over eager to please and the food while plentiful and humungous in size it doent deliver on tatse it is missing something, like restraint and finesse. The wait staff get points for personality and knowledge of the menu and its offerings but they cannot over come the fact that it is all show and  no substance. I would prefer if they had the left the Red Cup Cafe in here it's food was superior and it was quaint and unassuming.
I was in a party of 3 and when we arrived we were told a 20-25 min wait...no problem as I figured there would be a wait. We went downstairs to gamble for about 10 minutes and then came back up and waited. After a total of 30 minutes I went up to ask how much longer and they told me they tried calling us. Well I waited for 20 minutes and heard nothing so they obviously called within the first 10 minutes. Normally that would be great but given that I was told 20-25 minutes I figured I could go downstairs where there were seats to wait. I don't understand why they weren't using the paging system either. That was frustrating but not a deal breaker. . . After seating us when I asked we then sat there for 10+ minutes without a single person coming over to greet us. I had to stop a gentleman who wasn't even our server. . . I ordered my burger with no avocado and sure enough it came on the burger. . . . The food was good, the portions are huge but the prices reflect it. I usually don't say bad things but I was frustrated with the lack of organization within the restaurant. I won't be returning.
I had to go here because it was featured on Man vs. Food.  I love Adam Richman to the point that I want my future kid (if I were to have one) to be named after him.  I watch his shows and I constantly watch the reruns on Netflix.  Dude, I hyperventilated when he friended me on Facebook (his personal page!!!).  . . For those of you that know me can vouch that I have a pretty big appetite.  I have the appetite of a 6 foot lumberjack.  Heck, I ate more than the boyfriend and his younger brother in a single sitting so... w/ that said, I ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Hash House Farm Benedict.  The entree: hipotle cream with peppers, scrambled eggs, mozzarella, fried chicken, bacon, tomatoes, spinach, biscuits on top of potatoes.  . . The size of this thing is huge but I cleaned it no problem.. . What was disappointing though was that although the combination is crazy and unique, it was rather bland and dry.  I hardly ever use ketchup on my breakfast but I had to resort to that since the chicken was extremely dry.  . . The boyfriend got a regular omelet w/ a bloody mary (you get to keep the glass) and the younger brother ordered the bacon waffle w/ whipped cream and a glass of milk but our server failed and brought out chocolate milk instead.  . . The food took some time because we were told everything was made from scratch.  The wait was fine since the 3 of us talked and if I recall, both guys were on their phone playing games whilst I looked on.  I was pissed that I had no reception (AT&T/iPhone) plus I did not want to drain my battery.  . . After devouring about 7,000 calories, I was ready to drink my glass of water and tackle on the macaroons at Bouchon Bakery and that was exactly what we did... if I continue to eat like this, I must live at the gym but thankfully I don't eat like this daily although I so could.  . . Thanks to the eating escapades and overloading on diet sodas, I'm not eating meat and have not touched diet soda since Monday.  It is only Wednesday and I've lost my Vegas weight gain and feel pretty darn proud of myself.
Always read and heard reviews about this place serving up good breakfast. So I decide to stop by one morning for late breakfast while in vegas. Got here early and put our names down. Within the next 10 minutes or so the place filled up quickly and there was a long wait. Couple of my friends were running abit late so they didn't seat us since all the parties weren't there. So we kept getting pushed back till my friends arrive and they keep calling other parties before calling us. We were furious plus it doesn't help I was so hungry prior to getting there and one of my friends husband was on his lunch break. So the wait ended up being almost an hour, and the food was mediocre at best. Seriously? I got the waffles with eggs and the portions were pretty big but they tasted plain and  nothing special other than their portions being huge. But I prefer quality over quantity, esp vacationing in vegas. . . ehhhhh next stop!
Let me preface this by saying I love Hash House... the one in San Diego. The one in Las Vegas has left me sooo disappointed. . . I was expecting a wait, so the wait did not upset me. What upset me was the food. Yes, the portions are still monstrous. But the food is not fresh. Part of the appeal with the Hash House for me and my beau is the freshness of the food. . . In Vegas we sat down, ordered, and I kid you not, 5 minutes later we had our food. Ick... The bread tasted stale, the potatoes were luke warm, the chicken had seen better days... I could go on. We ate our food and went along our merry way. . . For what it is it's "OK," for the quality I've experienced from their SD location, this place was a huge disappointment.
Insidethe Imperial Palace. Not what everyone makes it out to be, seriously. . . Alright, where to begin. Essentially it can be summarized quite efficiently as this:. They bring you a lot of food, enough for a regular diner to be challenged to finish during lunch/dinner/whatever-you-are-there-for, but it is ALL mediocre and it has a garnish stabbed through it with a toothpick as if that makes it gourmet or remotely non-mediocre. . . I had the chicken and waffles. The waffles had the bacon bits embedded in them. Mediocre waffles, even more so mediocre chicken, mediocre/uninspired and really unimpressive unless you are easily impressed with large portions (maybe they are 'normal' portions for some of the people rating this eatery so highly) that are just barely decent. Cannot recall what the girlfriend had but she did not come close to finishing it all. I never wanted to see these miserable chicken or waffles again so I forced myself to eat all of it (minus the garnish). . . In conclusion, it sucked. Sucks. Go elsewhere for GOOD FOOD. Or maybe other Hash House A Go Gos are better; I never tried any others after this experience. Look for other reviews on the others because I will try them just because I am  masochistic.
My second visit to the IP location.  On my first visit (May, 2012), I had no idea what to expect, with the word 'Hash' in the name one is led to believe hash browns would be involved, when in fact, nothing comes with hash browns.  My friends ordered one of the large fried chicken 'breakfasts', I wasnt in the mood for a giant meal, so I ordered 'Andys Famous Bread Pudding', which comes with coffee @ $8.95, it was more than I could finish, and ok, I'd call this the 'value play' on the menu here, everything else is gonna wring your wallet.. 2nd trip, we again visited the IP location on a Monday morning; driving into the IP location at this particular time (10/22/12) is INSANE with the construction going on, and their parking garage is deplorable.  The wait was crazy long, luckily the beepers they give you work immediately downstairs where we could play video poker at the bar and drink 'free' coffees.. When we got back upstairs to the waiting area, they called out our name instead of using the beepers (?).. The decor here is farmer-full-metal-jacket, with plate metal on the walls.  I think this creates sort of a Faraday cage where no cell signal attempting to transmit Yelp Checkins or Photos is possible! :) Both times here checkins/photos failed to go thru.. Waiter was fairly attentive, after we ordered he then warned us the kitchen was very slow and orders were running 30-40 mins.  Oh goody.  I ordered the 'steak hash' and a V8.  Wife got bacon/eggs and coffee.. Steak hash, with sun dried tomatoes and topped with green beans and potatoes, along with two eggs on the side, came served in a faux iron skillet (meaning, it wasnt used to cook in).  Sometimes I think chefs add sexy ingredients that are going to sound good, without really thinking thru the flavor.  It was really quite dreary tasting and unappetizing, and the steak was overcooked slices of beef.. After tip we were out $40 for breakfast that I really didnt enjoy much.  . So the two-star here is mainly due to the value, my opinion is overpriced 'just ok' food.. . Oh, I did notice there appears to be wi-Fi here, but it needs a password, you might ask your server about it - I wont be back here.
The portions are huge, but I wouldn't you rather have a normal portion of delicious food than a gargantuan portion of acceptable food? I know I would.. . The salads are cheap, with that gross kind of nearly white lettuce and pale cherry tomatoes. The hashes are far better at the HH in San Diego.. . I don't think smoking is allowed in the restaurant, but it smells like smoke and my eyes started to sting while I was there. All in all, a pretty disappointing experience.
More like hash house a no no .... . I was EXCITED to try this place and I've seen pictures about the HUGE portions. Came with a group of 8. I get this place is always packed but their seatings were ALL over the place and they somehow messed up. After we were seated, our waitress came over, took our order and .......... no food .......... no food ........ no food. Our friends were seated about 5 minutes after us, yet their food arrived before ours did! Frustrated, we asked our waitress. She said our ticket was 2 away and it would take a couple minutes. 15 minutes later, she said it would take another couple minutes. Our food finally came and it was just okay. I tried my friends waffle and it was chewy and soggy! Gross. My sage chicken or what not was just okay. What a let down.
I must say the fried chicken was below expectation, it was dry, bland and over-fried.  The waffles were just ok.  The portion was big, too big in my opinion.  I think they should focus on the quality rather than the quantity.
Yes the portions are huge...every single review says that.  So let's talk about the other parts of the experience.  . . ~Service was not the best.  I understand it was crowded, but isn't it frequently crowded?. . ~Food was barely warm even though we were told the reason the food was late coming out of the kitchen was because the food was being cooked to order.  Ummmm, shouldn't all food be cooked to order?. . ~No refills on our drinks without us asking.  We had empty glasses several times and the waitress had to be told we needed refills.  . . ~For those of you wanting to try their regular Eggs Benedict, be aware that the dish comes SMOTHERED in a red sauce that tastes like tomato sauce.   Rest of the dish really had no flavor.. . I am not impressed, will not ever return and if you want mediocre food and service after you wait an hour to get in...go.
Disgustingly enormous portions. While the food is decent, it is only for the over indulgent. I tried the Man vs Food recommended dish and it is what you'd expect--greasy, cheesy, messy, heart diseasy obnoxious heartburn inducing delicacy.
I love the SD location and have been numerous times so was excited to check out the Vegas version. We were anticipating a long wait but it wasn't bad at all.. was told 25 mins but was really more like 10. . . I was immediately disappointed with the look and feel of the place. It is not as cute or kitschy as one in SD, and actually feel like a giant cafeteria. It occurred to me during my meal that I've been to this space before when it was the Imperial Palace Buffett.. and it still feels/looks like exactly like it. Hence, the cafeteria ambiance. . . The service was good and food was still good although my friend said his chicken benedict was lacking something from the SD version but he couldn't quite place it. My sausage gravy biscuits were good but I was a little annoyed because they had bell peppers all over the top when the menu didn't say it had them.. also my gravy was only lukewarm which was a bit of turnoff. The food is usually served hot with hot plates at the SD location.  Ugh.. . . Not sure if I'd come back to this location.. think I'll reserve my HHAGOGO cravings for the SD location. ;-) . . Note: The IP is being converted to a new hotel, The Quad so you have to walk thru a maze of construction to get to the HHAGOGO. It's a little annoying but not as bad as it seems.
They have an interesting menu, we ordered a skillet and a salmon platter for breakfast. . . On the plus side the mashed potatoes were pretty good.   The biscuits were large and pretty good as well - a tad dry though.  We really liked the home made jam!  They did not offer any butter or anything else for the biscuits, we could have asked but did not.. . I asked for my eggs over medium... they came out cold and runny and I could not eat them.  The salmon was cold... was it supposed to be?  The skillet came with a lump of cheese on one side, the rest had little to none so they did not do a good job of "mixing it up". . . For the amount of money we spent for breakfast (about $25 after taxes) we should have walked out of there very well satisfied.
Holy Huge waffles batman!. . . The place is Imperial Palace, which is a really shady and old casino. Good thing they're remodeling it. Hopefully Hash House will be cleaner and newer looking too. As of right now it is like old vegas or reno feel to it. . . The food is OK. The portions are ridiculous. Got the Waffle and man its bigger than the wheels on my car!!! No way I can finish. too bad the taste wasn't as big. . . The wait wasn't too bad, but the food took FOREVER to come out! It wasn't even that busy. Oh well, hopefully they can fix this once it remodels too.
Dry fried chicken and mediocre waffles, poor service. Just because you have a lot of food doesn't mean its any great if its all subpar to supermarket fried chicken.  I can't recommend, especially after having Bru's Wiffles in Santa Monica. Doesn't even come close.
When I tried the San Diego Hash House a couple years ago, I fell in love. Portions were huge, the food was delicious, and the decor was tasteful. It was obviously a good place since there was a gigantic line. We did take out since the wait was so long, and the food came in PARTY PLATTERS. HUGE!. . I read that there was a Hash House in Las Vegas, so of course, I had to try. Once again, we did take out because the wait was just too long. The food arrived promptly, but I was massively disappointed. The food was okay (JUST okay, not even good), and the portion sizes were not comparable. Somehow, it definitely missed the mark on the bar that the San Diego location set. We ordered the Indiana Sage Fried Chicken Benedict (somehow mushy) and the Famous Sausage Gravy Biscuits with Egg (extremely small). Also, it is worth noting that the inside of the restaurant, located on the second floor of the Quad Hotel and Casino, is a dump. I would NOT want to eat there.. . TL;DR Go to the one in San Diego because the one at this location just isn't up to par.
Why did I wait in line to experience this?  It was a mediocre experience, at best.
i ordered the sage fried chicken eggs benedict. the server said it was one of the most popular dishes and according to the menu, it was featured on man vs. food. no joke this thing is effing monstrous. when i saw it i was like this is is a bunch of stuff in one disgusting pile and when i took a bite, i was even more disappointed. the chicken was dry and not that flavorful, the biscuit was super dense, the eggs were scrambled which means it is NOT a benedict. and there were random strips of bacon somewhere in the middle of all that crap. so really, its a heap of random fatty food. i also split the chorizo hash with my boy. this was better but still not that great. really really salty and unimpressive. the best part of my meal was my cinnamon coffee. but that cost $6 which is half the cost of my dish so it better have been good!
The three people that I went with thought the food was okay and the portions were huge. I ordered the corned beef hash and fried eggs over medium with a biscuit. What I got was two raw eggs and tiny strips of corned beef on top of hash browns and a biscuit with a small tree sticking out of it... no butter, no jelly! After eating a bite of eggs then realizing they were clear/uncooked inside. I returned them to the waiter asking for the whites to be cooked. TWENTY TWO minutes later I received two eggs fried completely hard... Needless to say, everyone was finished eating by then and we just paid the bill and left. I should have tried the pancakes... you cant really screw up a pancake.
We stopped here before driving home from Vegas. My husband and I had both been wanting to try this place after hearing recommendations from friends. . . The wait was rather long for early Monday afternoon, over 30 minutes, but it comes with the territory of eating on the strip. What I wasn't prepared for, however, was the stifling heat in the restaurant. It was uncomfortably hot even during a cold day in February.. . Our server was friendly, but he could have been more attentive to filling our coffee mugs. I guess we didn't look haggard or hung over enough.. . My husband pointed to the vegetarian hash, and said, "That sounds like you! Sun dried tomatoes and artichokes!" So that's what I ordered, and I was so disappointed when the hash arrived with yucky raw tomatoes. The hash was underwhelming overall. The flavorful potatoes saved the dish. The biscuit on the side was ok.. . My husband went for the biscuits and gravy as he always does. I know people talk a lot about the portion size at this place, but that dish is actually normal size. He liked it, but it wasn't as good as the restaurants back home.. . I'm still sticking with the Egg and I as my favorite Vegas breakfast spot.
First off, kinda hard to find if you don't know where you are going. This place is located on the tip floor. You must find the ONE escalator that goes to it, which is located in the middle of the casino. Randomly. . Anyways, the plates are huge as are the portion sizes, but that is really all this place as going for it. I got a Hash House Quesadilla stuffed with potatoes, jalapenos, eggs & tomato with a chili cream. Ew. Why did I think this was going to be good? This thing was potatoes, really, not much else, smothering in this chili cream that was so not tasty.. But I came back. For the Snickers pancake. Which is a pancake, with Snickers pieces in it. Not original or very creative. Not very good either. The griddle makes the good part of the candy melt, and leaves behind a stick to your teeth part.
So this was our second time at the Vegas Hash House.  The Reno one seemed so much better.  We had a party of 6, which was a 50 minute wait.  The place is LOUD, you have to yell to hear the person next to you.  I wasn't hung over, but it was just plain irritating.  Our server was friendly, but not on-the-ball.  It took a while for her to get our order, which normally is okay, but we were dining with two small children.  What really knocked down my rating was the delivery of the food.  One friend got her meal first, along with one child, mine came about 5 minutes later, our other friends, probably 10 minutes later, and my husband, well, the person who got her food first was nearly finished by the time his arrived.  The server explained that they made everything fresh to order, so it didn't come out together. Uh, UNACCEPTABLE.  You're left to want to dive into the food, after waiting a ridiculous amount of time for it, and not wanting to be rude and waiting until everyone is served.  Not cool.  . . The food itself was terrible.  I had the biscuits and gravy, the sausage was pink.  I didn't feel like waiting 2 more hours for food, so I picked around it.  The gravy tasted old - made-to-order my ass.  The biscuits were stale, and really resembled hockey pucks.  The mashed potatoes in the middle were not necessary and were not appetizing.  I ordered a side of sausage, and it was two tiny pieces of skimpy meat, obviously the ridiculous portion size is for the low-cost, crappy carbs only.  I didn't even care if anyone else liked their meal, it was a less-than-stellar experience and I won't return.
This place was voted best breakfast in Vegas multiple years in a row. Pretty sure most, maybe all the votes were from hungover folks. . . First you wait about 25 minutes.  The wait gets you pumped up and excited. You decide to go with their signature dish and get a hash. Then you wait 15 minutes for the said food to show up. Massive portions in a skillet. I can empathize with the look of disappointment on your face as you realize the hash is flavorless and the biscuit is as hard as a rock. Certainly not my idea of good breakfast either. . . Save your hard earned money and go somewhere else. This place just didnt cut it for me at all.
Beware those with food allergies!. My wife and I stopped in on a busy Sunday morning after hearing great things. I had my the wonderful Chicken and Waffles which at $14.99 is an absolute steal considering this place is on the strip. Perfectly crispy chicken with the soft fluffy waffles really is a treat.. My poor significant other wasn't so lucky. She suffers from a severe Gluten allergy and we both scoured over the normal menu (no gluten free f menu yet) looking for all possible options that would avoid cross contamination. After settling on a corn been hash and eggs, and quizzing the waitress on all ingredients, she assured us that the kitchen has made gf dishes before and we had nothing to worry about.. My meal came out first and we waited nearly twenty minutes for her dish to come out. The restaurant was nice enough to comp her meal due to the mixup which was very nice of them, and we were on our way.. About twenty minutes later she knew something was wrong and suspected immediately the food had been contaminated with gluten. My wife spent the next two days sick as could be and dealing with the after effects for several days after.. If you dont have food allergies then this place is great....large hearty portions of good home style food. If not, stay away. Until the kitchen learns how to prepare GF food (or any dish with special needs) properly it's not worth taking the risk.
Everyone is really friendly here.  The service was decent even though the restaurant was packed on a weekend morning.  . . I can understand the appeal of a restaurant like this, but I just can't say that I enjoyed my meal.  I ordered the corned beef house hash and was thoroughly disappointed.  It's not a normal corned beef hash in the traditional sense.  There are no crunchy bits as the corned beef is baked then shredded.  . . For the first time in my life, I wasn't able to finish even a third of my meal.  I took the meal back to my hotel room  hoping to have another stab at it later, but just the thought of trying made me cringe.
pros: food is great, generous portions, unique cucumber ranch dressing.. cons: very long wait, TERRIBLE service. I have been here twice and service was bad both times I came. We sat there for 15 minutes before our server came by to greet us. Bad attitude, food takes forever, the only thing that came back fast was the check in the end. Never again.
Had a very long line on a Sunday afternoon, but the wait wasn't bad at all. . . The food on the other hand was sub-par, and if I didn't know about the far superior location in SD I wouldnt consider going to another HHGG. . . The bacon waffle was tough and almost flavor-less, and the eggs served w it were cold. The meatloaf hash was alright; the large meatloaf chunks were pretty good, but still wasn't very impressed. . . Oh well, guess the poor quality of food at the Vegas location will make me appreciate the awesomeness of the SD food even more the next time I go!
Was so looking for a great bacon breakfast......  I love bacon, heard this place was a great place to go for it.  First off, waited almost 50 minutes to get a table, then told it would be 35 minutes to get our food because it's all prepared fresh.  45 minutes later my food came, no bacon and no food for my bf.  Told waiter no bacon,  when he does bring it, it's cold and greasy like it had been sitting in a precooked pile for some time.  Asked him to crisp it up, brings back the same bacon still cold, greasy and not crisp.  Third trip, no change we told him to forget it as I had already finished the rest of my food.  LikeI said, came for a bacon breakfast, we emphasized this, how we wanted it cooked etc., did not seem to matter.  I will say the other food;  eggs, potatoes, and pancake were decent and would have been fine if the bacon was good and the service and time factor (total of 3 hours for a breakfast) were significantly better.  Overall, a very bad experience for my fist time in Vegas.  Would not go back.  Btw, they did charge us for the bacon.
This was my second time here, and it was more disappointing than the last.  My first time here I ordered the Andy's Sage Chicken (the Man vs. Food favorite), and I thought it was ok.  Nothing spectacular at all.  But my friends seemed to have enjoyed their meals a lot.  My friend is a Platinum member of Total Rewards so I didn't pay for this meal, hence nothing to complain about if you didn't pay for it I guess.  Plus we skipped the line, so I didn't have to wait.  I do need to note that the portion here are HUGE, so sharing entrees is an option here.   . . This time around, however, I was extremely disappointed in the food.  I came here a second time to see if maybe the food I ate the first time around was a bad day, so I gave this place a second chance.  After this experience, I really think this place is over-rated, and I can't understand why it gets as crowded as it does.  The wait on this particular Saturday was 45 minutes to an hour.  We finally got sat, and we ended up ordering right away since we were all starving.  I kid you not, it took an hour for our food to come.  And our server, Alonzo, noticed this too because he came over TWICE to give us the status of our food.  The first time it was because the table next to us that came 10 minutes AFTER we did and didn't order right away got their food 30 minutes before we did.  Alonzo informed us it was because his manager accidentally  put the food ticket in front of everyone else's.  Ok, fine.  The second time he came around, he apologized for the food taking so long and that it would be coming up.  He must have read our minds both times because we were talking about how long the food was taking.  I know the food is made from scratch and all, but are you churning the butter and digging out the potatoes from the dirt back there too?  Shoot, an hour for eggs and potatoes is too damn long!  I found the service from Alonzo to be very professional and courteous despite the disappointment and delay of the food. . . When we finally got our meal, we were no longer hungry anymore.  The ham, spinach, and cheese scramble was alright, the country potatoes had this weird sour after taste that had such a bad taste in my mouth I didn't even want to finish them, and the crappy home-made biscuits tasted like hard chalk  No, it wasn't fluffy and buttery, but bland, hard, and completely devoid of taste.  I decided that this was definitely a 2 star Yelp experience.  I was so disgusted by the experience I actually felt the need to speak to Alonzo and the manager about how bad it was.  If the food had been good, the hour wait would have been worth it, but no, the wait was a complete waste of time.  While the portions are big, that just means big portions of more tasteless and bad food.    . . Alonzo was completely understanding and offered to discount our bill for us.  He understood why we were upset at the experience and did not BS us. I asked him if we could speak to the manager.  This manager guy was less than professional and gave us bullcrap excuses for why everything took so long.  Hey man, your employee already told us you were the reason the guys next to us got their food 30 minutes before we did.  Secondly, I've been here once before and the food didn't take nearly half as long as it did this time around. Just take responsibility for your actions and be honest.  He gave us a 30% discount on our food, but I don't think this was enough to want to return to this over-rated restaurant or recommend anyone to even waste their time going.  I'll just take it as a loss.  However, it was enough to bump up it from a 2 star experience to a 2.5 star experience.   . . Despite all this, I don't recommend anyone to go here for breakfast.  The wait is too long for tasteless food.  Las Vegas is renowned for their world-class food, and this place isn't it, people.
Ugh came hear hungry as helll so I knew whatever I ate was going to be bomb but I left disappointed. . . First off me and my friend got the man vs food sage chicken ginormous meal. His meal came with a piece of brown paper bag that he chewed on, in the middle of his biscuit. (Where did that paper bag come from?! It could have been a wrapper to anything in the kitchen!). . The meal itself tasted alright. it tasted like a pile of breakfast items piled on top of each other. A lot of unnecessary carbs. Food network has failed me.
Not a gem. I will not be going back here. The food was stale, the portions too large, the noise level was insane, and the atmosphere was super dark and dreary for a breakfast joint. Also, the seating at most of the tables was very uncomfortable and awkward. I truly do not know how this place has gotten a lot of positive reviews. It's just plain not good. Do yourself a favor and go hit a higher end restaurant and get GOOD breakfast. the only redeeming factor of this place may have been the waiter we had. He seemed genuinely concerned with our experience, though the service was fairly slow. Oh, and in addition to these issues, I just felt that the place was dirty, I would hate to see the kitchen...
We were excited about eating here when we finally arrived through all the construction there were multiple tables open but we still had a 10 minute wait. The hostess was rude and was sure to finish her conversation with her friend before waiting on us. When we sat down the menu looked good and we ordered pretty quickly. We were told that food would arrive at different times because they didn't have heat lamps and they wanted it out hot. That was fine. But 20 minutes after my husband received his food, I received another menu, I was told our waitress knew they were out of what ordered she thought maybe they would get it. My husbands food was okay. Service was terrible. Do not recommend.
A few years ago we vacationed in San Diego and had amazing chicken and waffles from Hash House A Go Go.  On our trip to Vegas, we kept with tradition and decided to go there for breakfast.  We went the same weekend of a college basketball tournament, so the place was packed.  The turnover seemed pretty fast, and we only had to wait about 10 minutes for a table.  Their breakfast menu is intimidating, they have so many tempting options.  One tip, i remember from the past is that their portions are large.  We had been eating out all week, and i just wanted a simple meal.  I ordered the two egg breakfast with potatoes, bacon, and a biscuit.  The whole meal was bad, the only thing that was edible were the eggs.  The 2 measly strips of bacon had every drop of fat rendered out, it was way too crisp.  The potatoes, i did like the addition of the red onions, but they were bland, they needed seasoning. How do you name your self Hash House, and not serve amazing potatoes?   They have a biscuit or toast option, and i was never asked so i assumed they they would bring me toast, instead a very dense biscuit arrived.  My sister ordered the steel cut oatmeal with fruit, and as beautiful as it looked, it was poorly executed.  The banana was simply halved, and still had the peel on.  The melon was peeled but it was segmented into enormous pieces.  I don't think that when you eat out that you yourself should have to prepare you own meal.  Also, i don't know if this is standard or if someone in the kitchen was attempting art, but they smeared blackberries around the rim of the plate, it was very off putting.. . Overall, i was very disappointed at the lack of consistency within the restaurant chain.  I really hope that it was just an off day, because i  like what they stand for for and the dishes they are able to put out.
Worst Fried Chicken I have ever had. Came out super dry. Drier than Las Vegas' weather. Looks appealing and awesome but each bite was gruesome. You are better off buying a 10 piece bucket of KFC fried chicken. Service was not bad though.
We have been to a Hash House in another location and loved it so since we were here at the Quad we wanted to eat!! Lots of people waiting to get in but it went pretty fast 15 min. They took us to a booth/chair table. I sat on the booth and went to the floor!! MY HEAD WAS AT THE TABLE!! I sat on the chair and my husband sat on the booth with a throw pillow under him so he would be comfy. The lady who sat us didn't even try to help us with this. The waiter came and took our drink order and was friendly. As we waited my husband noticed his silverware was dirty so we got a fresh set. .   My husband ordered Cornbeef Hash with eggs and potatos and a beer, I got salad with mango vinrigrette and sage chicken. The waiter came to us and said sorry our food is taking long but, he didn't like the looks of my salad it was all wilted so he sent it back. Yikes!! That was nice of him. Now everyone around us is eating but, us because of my salad. .   We got our food and my husband loved his Cornbeef. My salad there were issues. DRY!!! We had to ask for more vinergrette, which took him a while and then he never came back and asked us how we were doing or even feel up our drinks!!! In which I was waiting for my ice to melt to drink something half way through eating. I had still old and wilted lettuce it was awful. .   We will never go back to this location again!!!
I just don't like it.  I have been forced to eat at this location and the "M resort".  I have tried to like it too.  I just don't like the menu or the decor or the flavors of the food.  Something is off about it. I tried my sons bacon waffle it was ok.  And that's being nice.  They don't have ranch dressing I think that is weird.  They only have a cucumber ranch.  which doesn't go good over cheesy scrambled eggs.  The hamburger meat bugs me, they need to put spices in there meat.  The chicken waffleshave that huge piece of Sage on top.  It's weird. They don't provide salt and pepper at the tables you have to ask for it.  I asked the waiter 4 times for salt and pepper & gave up, because he wouldn't bring it.  It's 24/7 I guess if your starving that's a good thing.
I'm assuming this is the location inside the Quad (formerly Imperial Palace). . We went for breakfast on a friday morning so it was pretty crowded but we got seated within 15minutes. . The waiter was very informative, almost to the point of being insulting so that rubbed me the wrong way. . . he asked if we had been there before and then explained about the large portion sizes and stuff and then left us to figure out what we wanted.. and left us.... and left us... and left us. and finally came back to take our order. . i wanted eggs, bacon and pancakes (i'm boring) . and he asked what i wanted in my pancake (berries, walnuts, etc). i said "nothing, just a plain buttermilk pancake". he said (with a disgusted look on his face) "uh, this isnt IHOP, these arent ordinary pancakes.". i assured him that i just wanted a plain pancake and he shoo'd me off and walked away.. . the portions were big but they werent anything to write home about. . the guy killed it for us though. wont be going back.
Gluttons and Fatties unite!. . Unfortunately, Hash House was a No Go for our party of 4.  While seated relatively promptly, we were forgotten about until we approached the hostess who summoned our server in order to have our order taken.  The wait time for our food, which only consisted of only two dishes, as a single dish can easily feed a European family of 4, took a surprising amount of time to arrive, given that it was past the usual breakfast dining time and just before the lunch period.  Our waiter was friendly, however, the breakfast food items were average in flavor.  . . Portion sizes rival the waist sizes of the patrons - HUGE, so order wisely as nearly everyone, including the plus size customers were leaving large amounts of food, incredibly wasteful food concept restaurant.
Came in around 4am to soak up some alcohol.  Was seated quickly and waiter was attentive.  I had seen the Man Vs. Food show about this restaurant so I was excited that it was still open.  I ordered the bacon, onion& swiss scramble with a stale biscuit apparently.  Had about 5 bites and was done.  Bathroom was downstairs in the casino, kind of a pain and you can tell the hostess hates having to tell people they have to go back down to the casino.
My friends & I have been to the San Diego location & have been raving about Hash House A Go Go ever since.. . Unfortunately, the Las Vegas (Quad) location sucked. It was pretty boring. Staff seemed rather blah. You would think that being in Vegas the staff would be more lively. . . When we got there we sat for almost a good 20 minutes before anyone approached our table. The only saving grace was that our waiter who was an older gentleman was super nice. Other than that..this place is boring & even the food isn't the same. What a shame! San Diego location is MUCH BETTER.
Meh.  I think this place is a little overrated.  I looked this place up on Yelp and  came here solo since my bf was playing poker.  I don't mind eating by myself.  This place is located in the Quad and you had to take an escalator there.  I waited in this line right outside the door for a good 2 minutes before somebody told me that this was the line for the bar.  The people in front of me and behind me thought they were waiting to put their name down too!  The hostess stand is actually further and right in front of the restaurant, not at the doors entering the restaurant.  Lame.. . So it was super fast putting my name down, but I told them once a seat opened up at the bar I'd probably sit there.  He told me it'd be a 40 minute wait on a Saturday at10AM.I looked around and people seemed to be ordering the chicken and waffles but that seemed like too big of a meal for me.  It took me around 30ish minutes for a seat to open up at the bar.  Then like 4 freaking seats opened up after me and nobody sat down (ugh).  I wanted waffles though so I ordered the combo which came with pancakes but you could upgrade to a waffle for a buck.  I also ordered a bloody mary.  So after I order they come out with chicken and waffles!  They messed up on my one order so that super sucked.  The bartender admitted it and asked if I wanted another bloody mary and it'd be on her since they messed up but I declined since I'd be too blasted walking back to my hotel.  The bloody mary was really good but the food was just like.... not good.  The waffle looked nice and big and fluffy but it was lukewarm and soggy.  The eggs were eggs and the bacon was a little chewy.  I think restaurants like this should at least have basics down!  For the wait and the food I wouldn't come back here again.
Disappointed in this location of Hash House... they never should have gone into this terrible building. It's improved since it became the Quad but still a dump. The food was about the same quality as I've had at the other locations and the service was pretty good considering how busy they were. However, the food took 40+ minutes to come out. Our poor server kept trying to stall for the kitchen and I can see it in his face that he was frustrated and didn't want to point fingers at the kitchen. But it was obvious many tables were not happy with the long waits. At least provide bread or something to the tables if your food is going to take that damn long (come to think of it maybe we should have asked for some).. . Ordered the Chicken and Waffles... but didn't get to enjoy it because I got kind of full just waiting on the food to arrive. Flavors were good but I felt like it was better at the Sahara location. Friends enjoyed there food so that's always good when you bring first timers.. . Biggest issue with this location is the complete lack of cell phone service. HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO CHECK-IN???!!! lol But seriously, the Quad and Hash House need to figure out a solution to this issue. Offer "Free Wi-Fi" or something! As someone who relies on his phone for work I have to say it's a bit stressful to sit through lunch at a place where I don't have access to anything on my phone.. . No bathroom in the restaurant... have to go down to casino floor. Blah! Hash House you can do better! Get yourself out of that crap hotel. It's bringing down your brand.
I had heard so much good stuff about Hash House A Go Go and couldn't wait to try here.  Unfortunately my first experience did not live up to the hype.  The service was great, but what I ordered was not.  I was really excited seeing everyone else in the place getting their big plates of food.  My mouth was actually salivating waiting to get my meal.  What I discovered is that I ordered the wrong thing on the menu.  My entree looked terrible compared to everything else I saw.  I had ordered the Reuben sandwich with fries, and it was one of the funkiest tasting sandwiches I have ever eaten.  It tasted like bad pot roast on toasted, buttered slices of bread.  It was so inedible that I could only stomach about half of it.  I was super hungry when I got here, but I lost my appetite eating the sandwich.  The fries were okay, and were mainly what I filled up on.. . I heard the waiter tell someone that everything on the menu is good.  Not true!  The Reuben sucks!  Don't get it!  However, everything else looks good and I still want to give Hash House A Go Go another shot to see if it is really worthy of the hype.
OK...I like to eat. . I eat a lot. . I like to eat good food. . So far, I haven't experienced that here. . . Sure, the portions are humongous and it's dressed up all pretty and nice, but that's just about it - It's all style...no substance. Yes, there's all kind of celebrity pictures complete with their signatures on the wall endorsing this place as the best place to eat. So did Planet Hollywood. We all know what happened there. I'll have to agree that it's the best place to pig out, only if you can shove all of that mountain of food into your mouth. . . I wanted to like it this time around hoping for a better experience, but it just fell flat again leaving me wanting more and unsatisfied. Yes I was stuffed, but I was still hungry. . . Does that make sense? . . How is that even possible?. . They give you a mountain of food, but it lacks flavor and heart. A good example is their Chicken N Waffles. How can you mess up Chicken n Waffles?. . Well....they use breast meat and deep fry the living sh*t out of it and what you're left with is a dry piece of meat that is hardly edible. In this case, looks is very deceiving. Again, all style and no substance just like some of the stuff you see in Vegas. I have to also mention that we had the creepiest server ever. He lurks around with his big bugged eyes, who reminded me of Smeagle on Lord of the Rings. . . My precious..... . I also made the mistake of ordering their Mint Coffee. The only real mint they had on this was the garnish they placed on top. The mint they used to have that minty flavor is mint syrup which gives it that artificial flavor. It's overly sweet and undrinkable after a couple of sips. . . Yeah, I gave it another chance and it's time for me to move one.
We decided to try this place based  on the reviews , it was ok food was very bland , Ridiculous proportions , nice presentation but just not seasoned well at all!! My pancake was the size of a frisbee, not buttery at all!! The turkey in the skillet left little to be desired , Two nice sized  chicken Breast on the waffles , bland but crispy, the waffles were huge and flavorless, overall food choices that we shared we just ok!! Wouldn't rush to go back ...
Large portions of tasteless food. That sums up my experience there. I ordered chicken and waffles, my other dining companions ordered 2 different popular dishes and we all came up with the same synopsis.  I also ordered their popular Mocha, again tasteless, watered down mocha. At least they are consistent. I was so excited to try this place. It was such a let down. My fried chicken was so carelessly under seasoned, my s'more mocha( another one of their so called special dishes) that I can only come to the conclusion that no one really cares there. I'm sorry to be harsh, but there is no other conclusion. The only reason I gave them two stars is because if you are someone that needs a lot of fat food and  flavor is not that much of a big deal, you'll like it here.  Sorry HH
