Meh. Most inconsistent place in the valley! Been here 4x and different experience each time.. . Last pizza we ordered was totally burnt. Line was too long to even bother taking it back. They are now resting on their laurels.
The food was B+.  If you get the ribs, you'll have a lot to eat for $15, but the thing that made me give them only 2 stars was their service.  I asked the girl atthe food window where I could find some ranch.  She said, "Outside" and rolled her eyes like I should have already know that.  Later, after having the ribs, my wife asked the same girl if they had any toothpicks.  She answered "Outside" and rolled her eyes at my wife.  Some blonde girls aren't cut out to be friendly to customers.
I had the chicken sandwich, it was surprisingly bland, and a little dry. My sister had a salad that wasn't great. I was with a whole table full of family and all were underwhelmed.  I had heard that is was so great... I would say, ehhh.
Had the pecan pesto chicken sandwich, the meat was so bland! The worse was spending $10 on that ..came w some cold fries, we ordered fried zucchini nothing special about it
Sorry, but I just don't like the food.  I live walking distance to this place and really, really want to like it but just can't.  Atmosphere is nice, but I think the Coffee Shop next door has better food.  . . I usually get the pesto chicken sandwich which is very good, but for $10 (french fries are extra), I'd rather eat off a plate and not out of a plastic basket.  I've also had the BBQ chicken pizza - burnt and had to saw through it.  My kids don't like the food either.  The kids pizza is always burnt and the grilled cheese is made on Texas toast - okay for some kids, but mine didn't like it.
Oh no, Joe! . . Here's the problem:. . 1.  You need to do something about the ridiculous line out the door.  Yes, you are popular.  Yes it was dinner time (on a Thursday night.) So why was there only one person taking orders?  You have two registers. Heard numerous complaints during my 30 minute wait.. . 2.  if someone orders the havarti pesto burger, please include the pesto.  even if the person orders it without the bun.  You could put it in a condiment cup.. . 3.  When you're making kids food, please be aware that kids are some of the pickiest diners out there and unhappy kids = unhappy parents.  The kids grilled cheese came out with some red sauce on the cheese part.  not just a little.  Therefore kids refused to eat.  Perhaps it was pizza sauce?  BBQ sauce?  Whatever it was, it shouldn't have been there.  That's $10 down the drain.  Yes, two kids meals which were 1/2 a grilled cheese sandwich each were $5. And, mommy, who went out to avoid having to cook after a long day had to go home and prepare something.. . 4.  What's the story with the flies?  Well, of course they are expected at an outdoor place, but our table was literally swarming with them.  I noticed that the tables under the trees did not have patrons vigorously swatting these pesky creatures away.  This isn't really a complaint, just a heads up to future guests to suss out the tables before you sit down.. . 5.  What do you do best?  I want to give you one more chance as my mom's group loves to 'lunch' here, but I just haven't discovered the magical menu item.  My husband said he's come for the last time, so I'm on my own.  I've had the sandwiches and pizzas and nothing stands out.  . . A couple positives to end my review:. . When I went back in to get my pesto, the guy who got it for me was super friendly.. . Food comes out quickly once it's ordered.. . Cool bathroom.. . One final piece of advice - sit on the side away from the street.  We learned this the hard way as it was a nuisance to continuously walk around the building for drink refills, taking kids to the bathroom, utensils, condiments, picking up food, etc.
Joe's, I want to love you but I don't. I think there are two types of people that go here. People that know the food is average and people who are in denial because of its geography. Your food is extra "meh" with a side of "Hmmm.". . We have been here many times. The set-up is terrific. We make the trek and take our dog to nearby Cosmo Dog Park... then hop over for pizza, hamburgers, salads, etc. (I think we've tried just about everything... to no avail. How do you screw up BBQ pizza??). . Since I may sound like a Negative Nelly, I will say I dig the milkshakes.. . So why is it so popular? . . This is a haven for East Valley apologists who want to have a signature restaurant to call their own but don't want to drive into "the city." Look into your hearts, people of Mesa / Gilbert. Enough of the charade. You saw it on Food Network and you're happy there's some place there with a line out the door.
Once again come on Guy you must be eating different food then they serve me... I have given Joe's farm grill two try's now and not impressed with the long lines to everything there... Frist visit ordered the same meal guy did Ahi Tuna Sandwich (Grilled rare, wasabi mayo Asian slaw with fries I also bought a order of onions rings... Well I was waiting I was so lucky to watch a loop of Diners, Drive-ins and Dives of Joes's Farm Grill on tvs they have there... My number is called and I get my food from the window the ahi is not rare at all so over cooked the oinion rings are so greasy and are not good this guy bummed... Second trip I have to wait 20 people deep out the door for lunch I order the BBQ Bacon Blue Burger (6oz, thick cut apple wood smoked bacon, blue cheese, hand breaded onion rings and Joe's real BBQ sauce... Once again it was not this meal that I was hoping for it was just ok really greasy and filling not my kind of meal... I will go back one more time in hopes that the 3rd will be the charm.
Lousy service, food is ok IF they have what you want.  I showed up today, wooed to go here by the description of the Ham & Cheese fritters.  So, arriving 10 minutes after they opened at 8 - they were out.  No "sorry" - just "we don't have it, but it's on the list to be made."  Good to know.  . . Maybe one of the two cooks on break or the cook who kept running back and forth to the bathroom texting on could have made some.  I got something else (only because the counter girl made me feel uncomfortable, becuase I was taking too long thinking about a plan B) - it was ok.. . Service was mediocre - counter girl just set on our empty drink cups on the counter, forcing us to reach inside their stupid window while she watched.  The maintenance guy (after a good 30 minute BS session with another maintenance guy) proceeded to stink up the outside (how hard is to stink up the outside?) using ridiculous amounts of stainless steel polish.  . . I was visiting friends, who said they don't go becuase it is always crowded. Every time we drove by this week, the parking lot was empty.  10 minutes after open - you are already out of stuff for the after-church breakfast crowd - now I see why.. . Most TV stars make it becuase they are great actors - this TV star acts like a great restaurant - but really - I would pass.. . Stick to farming, Joe.. . EDIT - I was contacted by their General Manager within hours of this review being posted.  That is some quick response, and he seemed genuine in making things right.  It does not change what the visit was like, but I will give them another star for the effort to fix things so quickly.
Ok look this place is hit and miss, I just went here my second time and man I dont think I will be returning. The pizza was bitter, the chicken tenders didnt have any flavor. When I left I almost felt like giving someone a piece of my mind. It was lunch time so there were long lines didnt want to make it a big issue. If I were you get the hamburger and fries and/or onion rings. Stick to where they do well. DONT GET THE PIZZA!!!!!
I don't get it!!. My husband, daughter and I went to eat at Joe's because we saw a menu in the Hotel where we were staying nearby.  The Menu mentioned that the TV show DINERS DRIVE-INS AND DIVES had done a show about the place and indicated the menu items that were highlighted on the show that were supposedly delicious!. . I called ahead for directions and was greeted with an attitude when I explained that we were from out of town, staying at a hotel that has their menu and needed directions to get there.  I assumed since the menu was in the hotel room that the employees at Joe's  would know how to direct someone to get there from the hotel.  After I explained several times the cross streets and the name of the hotel where we were staying, explained that we were just north of the 202 freeway etc and was just about to give up, the girl finally was able to give me directions.  Was that an omen of things to come??. . The first irritation that we encountered was standing in line and trying to decide what we should order while there was only ONE cashier.   So when we did reach the window to place our order we could practically feel the irritation of the people waiting behind us while we tried to ask a few questions about the menu.  Feeling pressure to hurry up by the impatient look on the cashiers face we ordered a variety of things for the three of us.  The Fontina Burger, Pulled Pork Sandwich, Onion Rings, Sweet Potato Fries and Fresh Beet Salad.. . With the variety of what we ordered you would think at least one of the three of us would taste something we liked, but the only adjective that we could come up with for everything was BLAH.  . I am not exaggerating....we were all hungry and we are not picky eaters, but we just couldn't get a good bite of anything.. . Also when I placed our order I asked for side orders of the onions rings and sweet potato fries but the cashier rang up full orders which I didn't realize since my husband paid the bill not knowing it should have been less.  Our bill for the 3 of us was equal to what we would pay at a restaurant with someone serving us!!  I wouldn't mind so much if the food tasted good but......  . TheFONTINA BURGER was cooked very well done (I ordered it medium/well).  It had a very slight smear of pesto (so slight that I couldn't even taste it) with a few small pieces of mushy grilled pepper and the fontina cheese.  The burger was so unremarkable that I can't even remember if there were "greens" on it our not.  I would describe this burger as DRY and BLAH.. The ONION RINGS had such a crunchy exterior that it actually hurt our mouths to bite into them.  Besides that, the onion pieces were so thin you could hardly taste the onion.  It was like eating a basket full of crunchy fried breading.. The SWEET POTATO FRIES and the WHITE POTATO FRIES were also just BLAH....how can you mess up fries??  After some serious thought we decided it had to be the type of oil that they were fried in.  It was just tasteless.  Even salt and ketchup couldn't help these fries!  . The BBQ PORK SANDWICH was just okay as was the COLESLAW.  Not really much to say about them.  . The BEET SALAD tasted like dirt.  My daughter and I both love beets but neither of us could take more than one bite of this salad.. The PICKLES that they put on top of everything are just gross.  What they heck is wrong with just a dill pickle?  Why the sweet and sour wierd flavor combo??. . There is only one DRINK MACHINE and CONDIMENT BAR and it is OUTSIDE!  So to fill your drink or get your napkins and ketchup you have to go out the door and stand in line then try to get back in the door while juggling everything.  Irritating!. . More irriation came in the form of the FLIES swarming our table which made for a very frustrating time of swatting them off of our food between bites. . . We were all hungry but none of us finished our meal because we were just bored and frustrated trying to get a good bite.  We even tried to doctor stuff up by dipping our fries in the bbq sauce and adding ketchup to the burger but we just couldn't fix any of it!. . We left feeling ripped off, vowed to never return and decided we deserved to stop for an ice cream someplace on our way back to the hotel to get that IRRITATING, BLAH, SWEET and SOUR, DIRT flavor out of our mouths.. . PAY ATTENTION TO THE DETAILS would be my recommdendation to the staff of this place because everything really adds up or takes away from the dining experience.  We were overcharged, irritated by the set up, atmosphere and flies and we were still hungry when we left!  . . I am submitting this review because I don't want other people who have never eaten here before to be fooled by the FOOD NETWORK show hype the way we were.  The only reason I gave two stars is because I like the "farm fresh concept" and wanted to give the place credit for that.
My husband and I came here with high expectations. It's a really cute looking restaurant and we were excited to finally try this place out. Then we walked inside... Flies! So many flies!! We could not enjoy our food because the flies were just so overwhelming, we just wanted out of there. In retrospect we should have ordered our food to go after I swatted the 20th fly off me while waiting in line. I hope they fix this problem soon, until then we will not go back. Yuck!
First, paper plates , second, there are kids prepping food in the back, all that said, don't understand what Tha big whoop is about this place.. I drove 79 miles from Tucson to Gilbert, and defenatly not worth the drive, the food at best is average, a Tasty Freeze with a little better food.. I'm sorry, but if your on Yelp giving this place four and five stars, you should not be reviewing food, the food is edible and ok, certainly not worth all this fuss, a waste of a 79 mile drive.  If you like average food, then go ahead and go there, if you have an exceptional palate and know what real quality, well presented and taste, you will be disapointed.. JB
Expensive, help wasn't informative regarding order, onion rings were cold. Burgers and chicken sandwich were very good
Clearly I've missed what all the hype is about.. . Went by the place at around 1245, parking lot was full and there was a line out the door.  Left and came back about an hour and half later...no line, lots of parking.. . Ordered the farm burger and 2 hot dogs...that and two drinks....$23.  . . Hamburger -- nothing special.  Came with two leaves of partially brown lettuce and two rather anemic looking rings of red onion...not two slices...two rings.. . Hot dogs -- actually not bad.  Came with onion and "homemade" relish.  . . Fries that came with the above we ok, but again nothing special.. . So what's my assessment?. . - Nothing special.. - Way expensive.. - Odd that they're a "farm" restaurant but yet they had such sad looking produce.. - Glad I didn't have to wait in line...I wouldn't be a happy camper if I did.. - Places to get a better burger...especially on a price to quality ratio...In and Out, Five Guys, Fudruckers.. . One final point that ranks somewhere between weird and disgusting.  The drink/condiment station shares the same drainage trough.  So when you're down stream from the condiments getting your soda you get to watch ketchup, mayo, ranch dressing, etc float by you as you get your soda.  Kind of a nasty sight in my book.
Not sure what Guy saw in this place.  It was a hit and a miss for us.  Some folks probably like it more than others, some don't.  Not so much in the quality of items just in the preparation. Both times we went it fell short.  There's a lot on the menu, give it a try see what you think.  I'm not saying don't go, just don't get your hopes up to high.. Some of the items we had were Wedge Salad, Fontina Burger, Grilled Cheese, Pepperoni Pizza, Onion Rings, Chocolate Malt, Strawberry Lemonade.  If nothing else sit outside and enjoy the nice atmosphere with friends and family.
I had the salmon and my husband had the BBQ pizza which was featured on the food network channel.  My fish was okay, I can cook better. The onion rings were yummy.   My husbands pizza came out with a black burnt crust. which was not edible.   After getting several good reviews from friends we thought this place was a sure bet.  We are sadly disappointed.  If you have any type of dining standards I would avoid this place.  .
Do not, and i repeat do not go there for breakfast.  The Belgians would be appaled by the so called tasteless Belgian waffle, the apple fritters barely had any shreds of apple and were actually mini dough balls practically as heavy as a baseball, and the veggie omelette n coffee were just eh... That was not worth the wait!
Lots of hype around this place, lines all the way out the door all the time... The first time I ate here, I had the Fontina Burger, and was quite underwhelmed.  I also had the date shake, which had barely any date in it.  I didn't want to write the place off, however, since Joe's Real BBQ is one of my favorite restaurants.. . This time, I went with the hot dogs: Carolina and Sonoran.  The Carolina dog sounded pretty good, with its pulled pork, BBQ sauce, and slaw toppings.  It was decent, but not as awesome as I thought it'd be.  The franks seemed to be decent quality, and the buns were nice.  If you get a dog, this is probably the best option.. . Now, I knew going in that the Sonoran Dog would not be an authentic Sonoran dog.  Sour cream?  Really?  But I tried it anyways, hoping it would at least be good, even if not a Sonoran Dog.  It was underwhelming; seriously, guys, at least make it spicy.  If it doesn't even have that in common with a real Sonoran Dog, why is it called that?  A Sonoran Dog has pinto beans, bacon, mayo, mustard, pico de gaullo, tomatillo sauce, is served on a bolillo roll, and is served with a grilled hot pepper.  You can't just slap some bacon and beans on a hot dog and call it a Sonoran Dog.  This should be a crime.  This is a blatant affront to all of the hardworking Mexican immigrants who, through their efforts, created Arizona's finest contribution to the culinary landscape.. . The outdoor seating is nice.  That's really about it.  They don't even have the awesome homemade root beer or lemonade they have at Joe's Real BBQ. Skip this, and stick with Joe's other restaurants.
Meh...had the green eggs and ham. Hubs had the big breakfast. Was okay--how can you go wrong with breakfast, though.  But I gotta admit that the fresh squeezed orange juice was awesome.  For the overall price, however , considered this restaurant overrated.
Disappointing. First visit, the place was extremely busy so I overlooked the quality of the food. Second visit was fairly slow, but the quality was equally as poor. Ahi was overcooked, burger overcooked, fries too salty, onion rings too greasy.
I was looking forward to going here as I've heard a lot about it.   Overall it was a blah experience.  Hamburgers were okay but nothing to write home about.   Onion rings were cold and pretty skimpy on the onion, def not worth the $2.50 up charge.  For the overall price vs food, won't be making the trek to Gilbert again.
OK, the vibe at this place is pretty cool. They have done a fantastic job of creating an outside dining space. However, the organization leaves a lot to be desired. We waited in a looooong line. One one person taking orders, really.....they even have two windows. In addition to the long line the two people in front of us kept welcoming their friends into line with them - all eight of them. Wait time in line - 30 minutes. Now interacting with the staff there was pleasant so I do not want to take anything away from them, it really is just the organization that needs work. . . If you are hoping to find something healthy you are going to have limited choices. Pretty much fried everything and some salads. The food gets three stars but the items above and the cost take it down to two. All in all an interesting experience that is worth the trip, just needs some tweaking to get them across the finish line.
I really wanted to like this place more,. The vibe was cool, loved the outdoor dining space, really LOVE the locavore aspect, heck even the bathrooms are cool.. . But the bottom line is that the food is "good" not great. I went for the sustainable, local angle, but the  food tasted average and the prices were high. They really work hard on the marketing, but are they really tasting the food?. . I had the ribs and my wife had a veggie burger. Fries were cold and limp, BBQ sauce nothing to write home about. We compared notes and did not feel that the food was worth the wait or the price. MEH.. . Onion rings were amazing.. . It felt like marketing and style over substance. . . The wait is interminable (2 visits) - tough on kids to wait that long. it felt like the lines for Space Mountain during spring break.. . If they regularly have 30 minute + waits to get to a single order window, why not open another?
I heard everyone rave about this place but I was disappointed.  The wait in line to order was almost 30 min.  To me that is ridiculous when you can walk into another restaurant and get served immediately.  I also thought their prices were high when their food was just okay.
When I first moved here 7 years ago, many of my coworkers raved about this place called "Joes Farm Grill", so I went after a few months of prodding. I've lived all over the country, and grew up in Texas, so I'm used to a good grill. This place feels like family and is very touristy, but overall, I have to say waiting in the line was not worth all the hype. I brought my parents here when they came to visit and they were impressed with the ambiance, but not the food as much. Because there are so few local places to eat in Gilbert, I think that's what makes it so popular. I also have to say, I was VERY disappointed to see a news crew when a political candidate came into town to speak there. Truthfully, I think it was rather alienating and politics should remain separate. I think Joes BBQ deserves the 5 stars!!
