I was pretty disappointed by this hotel.  I decided to stay here because it got 4 stars, which is totally not warranted.  I also thought it was off the strip, which is kind of it but not really, just enough to be inconvenient.  The bathrooms are out of date and dingy with tiny little worn out towels.  They do have nice, big plasma TV's though.  The actual hotel and casino is a B-grade one - the shows there are pretty weak and it seems like most of the people in the casino are kind of sad and drunk.
This actually used to be one of my favorite hotel/casinos back in the day.  Oh, how things have changed.. . There are some goods, however.  If you are a conventioneer, you have instant and direct walking access to the main convention center.  But don't think about parking here for said conventions.  $30 a day for parking, Hilton?  Seriously?  That's robbery.  And greed.. . The biggest disappointment is the killing off of Star Trek: The Experience over two years ago.  Despite this place being off-Strip, I made it a point to go here because they had such a fun and unique attraction here.  It would be one thing if they had something in mind to replace it, but either poor planning or the economy.... It's dead, Jim. . . The "Space Lounge" is still there.  An entire casino area with a heavy sci-fi theme to it.  Except there's no casino here.  It's a huge space themed area with a ghost town bar, no slots, a few couches, a makeshift stage, beer signs, and a few remnants of Star Trek themes.  All of this space, and nothing.  No life to it.  Couches and beer signs only make the emptiness and waste of the area seem more empty and pathetic.. . With their main draw gone, what has replaced it as the headliner?  Benihana's.  Nothing wrong with the restaurant, but it's hardly unique or exclusive, even in Vegas.  The Hilton has a Pizza Hut Express here too.  Maybe they should promote that as their "big draw" on the marquee as well.  A huge Benihana sign covers up the old entrance to Star Trek.  With couches pushed in front of the entryway.  Again, just sad, and I'll be a big man in saying that they kind of broke my heart getting rid of one of my most beloved hang-outs here.. . The arcade is dead as well.  Another blanketed off space that sits and collects dust.  Again, with two-plus years, no suitable replacement has been found for anything in this section.  A few shops that fluctuate, but that's it.  This is a lot of dead space to go unused.  . . There's also the issue of the Men's bathroom in the main casino area.  Above every urinal is a picture of a lust-crazed girl staring over your bits with a camera, magnifying glass, tape measure, etc, while you pee.  The first time I saw this, it was "ha ha" funny, then when the laughter died, it just turned creepy and weird for me.  I actually selected a urinal based off which girl creeped me out the least.  She merely looked like she was casting spells at my nethers.  I could live with that.. . Ladies: I must know.  Is there something like this in the girl's restroom?  When you close the stall door to do your business, is there a picture of some crazed guy making grabbing motions where your boobs would be?  Please message me and let me know.  I'd really like to know what the Hell you get in your bathroom after my gender's discovery.. . As critical as I am being, there looks to be some sort of steampunk-themed club called "Triumph" there.  I want to check this out.  Atonement for the death of my beloved Warp Core Breach booze bowl?  We'll see, but it's going to have to be pretty good to replace the hole in my heart from that much booze for so cheap a price.. . The sad part is, Hilton's one of those "history rich" casinos here.  Look up the history on this place.  A lot of awesome stars and vintage Vegas stuff happened here, which makes you wonder why this isn't represented more.. . This place is great for convention visitors to stay, but that's about it as far as I can see.  They need to figure themselves out for everything else.
Not really what I expected when I booked a hotel under the Hilton name. Sure they use the same bath products, but I've stayed at other Hiltons and the Las Vegas Hilton really needs a facelift. . . Checking in was easy -- and actually, I enjoyed it lot. The front desk attendant was courteous, talkative and very helpful. Turns out you have to pay a daily fee to enjoy to gym amenities, but since I'm a Hilton Honors member, we was able to get the fee waved. . . The rooms are just old -- that's the bottom line. The varnish on my bathtub is peeling and the room had a musky smell. Beds are comfortable, but nothing extraordinary. My TV was also not working, and I called to the front desk to send up someone, but they never showed up. After a follow-up call two hours later, the TV technician arrived and said the outlet was blown, and fixed it in two seconds. . . Restaurant selection is minimal in the hotel -- you have to go to the strip if you want real food and shopping. I had a shrimp and pasta salad from their wine bar in the main lobby - avoid getting it at all costs. The shrimp looked microwaved (multiple times) and there was so much pasta, I started feeling sick after a few bites. . . Overall, definitely not the WORST hotel I've stayed at, but compared to others in the area, nothing that would make me want to recommend this place.
A friend of ours was getting married at the Hilton back in October of 2010. My husband and I decided to stay at the Hilton as well. I have a couple complaints, but my major one is the bed size request system. When I booked the room, I had reserved a king sized bed. When I drove in from Santa Barbara (probably got in at 11:30PM), I was told that I would be having a Queen. This confused me as I had reserved a King. According to the hotel, it;s on a first come, first serve basis. Basically, regardless if I made a reservation  yesterday or months in advance like I had, if other people check in before me, I could not get a King. Personally, I think this is a crap policy. IF you reserve a King, you should get a king. We were only staying for two nights, and they said I could move rooms, but not that night, I could for the next day. We weren't going to get adjusted, pack everything up the next day, move rooms, get adjusted again, and then leave so we just stayed in our room. They didn't offer to compensate or anything. They only offered the room switch after I keep complaining to the management. And I wasn't the only one with this issue. Another woman was complaining about the same thing when I was complaining at the front desk. . . My only other qualm is that it seems like you have to walk VERY long distances to get anywhere, and the layout is confusing. . . But the room was sort of nice.
Great sportsbook for diverse betting but not a great place to watch. Pretty boring overall, I had friends in town that stayed there over a weekend and other than gambling the hotel provides nothing entertaining.They are using that old Space/Star Trek bar as a free club on the weekend and.....its scary..Literally filled with pimps and hoes.. not hotel guest friendly
I'm actually pissed that in Feb the hot tub was closed, give me a break, I was in town for a chiro show at this place and had I known I rather stay down the street at the hard rock and been able to dip in the hot tub after an all day tradeshow !  The drinks here were expensive and not strong, the bartenders are nice I have to say. The lil dog that poses with people for picts was kool too !  The rooms are nothing special, we had a huge suite and the bedroom side was great, but the main area had a large old TV, when I would have put in a min of two 42" LCD's as they had a cute lil bar so if you want to hold a gathering or what not the screens would be kool not to mention just kicking it to watch a movie would have been nice I haven't watched tv on a crt in years and for sure like LCD much better !. . As far as food goes the buffet was nice, but I opted for the pasta dishes at PIzza hut twice as I didn't want to wait in the long line, the deli that everyone raves about was good but nothing spectacular!  . . MY fav part was the bathrooms, they had huge picts of women along the urinals that was pretty damn funny !
I don't see much reason for staying here unless you need fast access to the convention center.. . If you're in Vegas for any amount of time that would allow you to have some fun on the strip, they stay on the strip.  It may be pricier, but if you stay at the Hilton, you're going to have to pay $$ to get to the strip anyway, so you're not saving much.. . The room I was in was 'premium', but it actually didn't come with the premium features that it was listed to come with.  First thing I noticed about the room was how loud and ineffective the AC was.  The next thing was not dirty the windows were...  outside and inside.. . Aside from the room, there aren't any good restaurants that I know of.  The Mexican place is garbage, and the Benihana was the most boring I've ever been to.  I actually think they have restaurants listed in their in-room literature that don't even exist.. . Stay on the strip, you're going to want to be there most of the time anyway, so skip the long/pricey commute.
Let me be upfront and say that I am being a little harsh on the Las Vegas Hilton by giving it a rating of two stars - one that I feel should be reserved for the cheap motels that are located back away from the strip or down on Fremont Street.  But as a longtime Hilton Honors member (currently at a Silver membership level) I can't help but feel short changed and nickeled and dimed by this particular Hilton branch.  . . For starters, the Hilton Honors program gives certain perks to members.  At other Hilton family hotels - even at the Hampton Inn - I usually have a complimentary water bottle and snack waiting for me in my room.  Internet is free by logging in with my Hilton Honors username.  Here, they charge $4.00 for a water bottle.  The ice room is nowhere to be found (I spent a lot of time looking).  And internet is $13.99 per night.  All of these extra charges are really off putting.  . . While these charges are annoying, they alone are not enough to merit a two star rating.  That is attributable to the poor (or rather old) quality of their rooms, the lack of selection of things to do at the hotel, and the incompetency of staff here.  . . On my first day here, I placed a "privacy please" sign on my door, only to return to find that my room had been made anyway.  This hotel offers a $10 voucher for every day that you call and ask them to "go green" (forgo cleaning service) the day before.  I did this but never got my $10 voucher.  . . As for the quality of the room, on my Hilton Honors preferences, I have it listed that I like to be close to the elevator, for sake of ease when lugging around my luggage.  This is the first time however that I've been placed next to the elevator and have been able to hear the elevators running through the walls.  It was raining the day I arrived so I thought the elevator was the sound of thunder rolling, but I never saw any lightning.  The running elevator noise was particularly annoying when I was trying to sleep.  . . Aside from this, the size of the room is decent.  The mattress quality is barely passing and the pillows are crap.  The bathroom tub is disappointing because it's small, but mainly because it traps moisture and so smells dank.  . . I will say to its benefit though that even though it's located off the strip, the monorail connects directly to the hotel, so getting out to the strip is relatively painless ($5 for a single ride).  I only stayed here because I was attending a conference on-site.  Also, this is where Elvis played 837 sold-out shows, so there is some nostalgic history to this place.  . . But ultimately I think for what you have to pay to be here, it's worth it to splurge and stay on the strip.  Or if you're looking to save, go ahead and go a few tiers lower so you can get one of those motels that offer free breakfast and internet.  . . I remain a loyal Hilton Honors member, but I doubt I'll ever stay here again.
This particular Hilton is really not worth it. Here's why:. . It's a weekend and the check-in lines are understandably long. But what was not bearable was how slowly the lines were moving. Only 2 attendants at the desk was just unacceptable on a busy holiday weekend and during the 3 pm check-in time. Though they were apologetic about the wait... . The A/C in the 15th floor room just refused to work hard enough to overcome 80 F.. . Poor quality of shower heads. If I'm being made to pay for frills, I'd like to have the frills, please. And that means I'd like to regulate how water should come out. But this shower head doesn't offer you any choices. Water will just come gushing out.. . Once you park in their covered lots, good luck trying to find your way to the hotel. . . No coffee machine. . . Crappy pillows. . . But the worst part of the stay was picking up a glass to drink water only to see dirt sticking on the rim. Ugh.
This place is just a tourist class, aging hotel. We were there for a convention. The Las Vegas Convention Center is next door. Truthfully, I think the Marriott is closer to the convention center than the Hilton. Our room was 90% clean when we got there. The toilet lidwas broken. A light was burned out. The room is ok , one desk area and one sitting chair. Ice and parking is free. Internet and coffee are not. We could hear the elevator running from our room all day all night. The casino was not too busy for a weekend.  The pool area I pretty much had all to my self and they had plenty of towels and seating available. At the Tempo bar, I got one exceptional  Martini, free since I played video poker,  and the next night, 1/2 of amount of an average martini and had to pay for it. Taxi line ran very slow at peak times.
Quite possibly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.  I'll reserve a 1-star review for bed-bug incidents, so thank god on that.  We had a room in the east tower and as soon as we stepped in regretted leaving the comfort of our other hotel.  Now that the Sahara is gone, this place epitomizes the old Vegas.  This hotel and its casino are frequented by the older crowd and it shows.  The entertainment and decor is as dated as the crowd.  . . Upon entering our room, we noticed that it was large, but dim and dreary.  The carpet was clean, but badly in need of replacing.  As if from some sort hotel horror story, we also noticed that the bed was part of a fold-up unit.  I thought those only existed in 100 sq. ft. apartments and seedy motels.  The area behind the bed looked a little dirty, but no bed bugs.  Aside from that, the remainder of the room, including the bathroom looked relatively clean.  However, this might also be the most no-frills Hilton I've ever encountered.  Only the basics are available (shampoo, soap, lotion), and not even a tray for the soap.. . The only good part of the hotel was the casino, which was small, but had low limit tables and friendly dealers.  The morning and afternoon gambling crowd is a little sparse and results in$5 blackjack tables.. . 2 stars.  Although we did not have any bed bug incidents, we always felt a little dirty.  I wasn't expecting your LV Strip luxury, but this doesn't seem to meet standard Hilton quality.
Oh goodness gracious, from the time we checked in to the time we left, this was a bad experience.  We stayed there last year because of an Expo we were attending and this is conveniently close to the convention center.  The "non-smoking" rooms we got were reeking of smoke and all they did was come in an spray some nonsense that did not eliminate the problem.. . This year, we participated as exhibitors at the same Expo and because some of the partners in the company are older, we thought it more convenient to stay at the Hilton again.  Should never have cancelled the reservations at the Embassy Suites.. . The guy checking us in was a snotty little brat.  Everyone working there made it obvious they expect a tip - but hey, how about some service, or maybe even a smile to show you deserve that tip? . . Yep, $4 bottles of water, $11 bacon, egg and cheese sandwiches, everything over-priced and just mediocre to terrible service.  We were there for 7 days and in that time I can honestly say, there were two folks working there who made us feel like guests.. . I agree with everyone on here - deco, atmosphere - old, rugged, boring.  Only the pool area was nice.  . . The food at the Chinese restaurant was very good I must say.  And the wine at the Plaza Bar good.  Buffet was good but when you're there for a long time, you realize there isn't any variety from day-to-day.  Alas, our days were long and tiring, so decided to eat in before relaxing and hitting the strip. . . I read on someone else's review that he did not give this a 1-rating as there were no bed bugs, I will follow the same rules and do the same.  I fear however, this does not give the place as bad a rating as it deserves.  . . Sheets/pillows did not smell fresh.. . Glad they provided shampoo, conditioner and lotion w.out charging for them as well.. . I could go on but I hate writing negative things.. . Not thrilled.
Whoa. Time has passed and this place has definitely not gotten any better. Honestly, it has definitely gotten more ghetto. I had an event that required me to stay at this hotel. So to put it bluntly, it was not my first choice to stay here.. . So let's start out with the good things.... . The price would have to be the best thing it has to offer. $30/night.  Secondly, the bed was pretty good we had one of the upgraded rooms in the North Tower. The gym was decent. We got the resort package which was $40 a day. It seemed like itwas worth it if you like unlimited beer/wine/cookies. It also included the gym/spa. They had a coffee machine which was broken and only had drip. So no cappucino/lattes. If you have an event at the convention center, this hotel is extremely convenient. I suppose this hotel would be good for you if you are one of those people that are always late. The monorail is next to the hotel. And that's about it for me with the good things.... . Now to my things that I didn't like. When you have ghetto prices you get ghetto people. Go figure. The pool was filled with kids. I am not a kid. . You know, its the details that make or break these hotels. The plasma TV was nice. BUT NO HDTV???? FUCK. FURTHERMORE THESE ASSHOLES BLOCK THE INPUT IN THE TV!! So, you can't connect your ipod/media player to watch your stuff. FUCK. I hated that the default setting on the TV stretched the 4:3 to 16:9 weirdly. These assholes have the balls to charge $13 per day per laptop for Internet. WTF? Thank GOD I have my wifi hotsopt. . . The lighting in the room was dim because they are stingy with the lighting. They have those compact florescent light bulbs. They are sooo ghetto that the light bulbs aren't even covered to look normal bulbs. The a/c in the room was obscenely loud. I called them to fix it and the guy shows up an hour later. I forgot that I called him! I hated the shower because I was taller than the shower head and I am 5'11". I further despised the shower because it was dark in the shower because these tight asses didn't put a light in the shower area.. . They give you a bunch of coupons, but with restrictions. I got excited when I first got a drink coupon but it had restrictions: no Grey goose, no name brand drinks. Jeez. It was also good for beer/wine. This place is in need of some major makeover. The Benihana looks like when they first built the hotel 30+ years ago. Seriously though, if you have to go to Las Vegas on the cheap, you should wait longer save some more money get yourself a nicer hotel elsewhere.
It definitely shows its age.  The exercise facility is small and quite crowded.  The pool is nothing to write home about.  Well, at least it's cheap and clean.
Wow.. this place is in bad shape. The casino looks ok but Mom and dad stayed there and the rooms blow. I have stayed there a bunch of times over the years but it has went way down hill. I heard they lost their Hilton License and I can guess its because its gotten that bad.
Just got back from here, so here is the rundown:. . PROS:. * Monorail Station, right at the hotel, so you can get out of dodge. * Cost, fairly inexpensive to stay. * Spa - onsite was a nice experience. * Rooms in the central tower where clean and of a good size (1 King bed room). . CONS:. * an Hour wait in line just to register!!!. * Off the beaten path, you will need to invest in the monorail passes at this place. * Eating,.. WTF CHUCK!?????? after 2:00pm YOUR SCREWED! everything shuts down, unless you want a grease sponge pizza from  pizza hut. * TV's POOR reception, not many channels, and half of those channels are hotel advertisements. * Elevators,.. Never experienced such slow elevators, they actually have rush hour traffic jams on these things. You literally have to account for this as part of your commute time to a show.. * Coffee in the morning, GOOD LUCK, they have a few places, but lines are outrageous. They claim to serve Starbucks coffee and have a mocha frappacino on the menu, but ask them to make one and they say, we can't... uh,.. ok.
Craptastic hotel room and bathroom, even by Comp's (free) standards.  I stayed in another hotel but came here to try the buffet and afterwards headed up to my parents' room.  MAN, looks are deceiving!  28th floor out of 29 in the central tower and you step off the elevator saying "Daaamn, this is NICE!"  Start walking down the hall, seeing double doors, and continuing to think "Shoot this room is about to be BOMB!"  Open the door and boom, 1992 exploded everywhere O_o. . It was like a bad time warp.  It took me back to before I knew what nice and expensive rooms looked like and I swear those beds weren't even full size.  And they sat really low.  No space in this room to spread out and the bathroom was crazy small.  That bathroom looked older than 1992.  Apparently there has been remodeling in other parts of the hotel, maybe even in this tower but they certainly have not hit the 28th floor yet.. . Please hurry, your reviews depend on it!
Feels dated with a hint of Ghetto. Low ceilings in rooms, reminds me of a better Circus Circus, with less ghettoness.
We were comped for the room, but I still feel like the hotel could have been much better. The common areas of the hotel felt really crowded to me, probably because a lot of people get too lazy to make the trek to the strip. I don't blame them...no one wants to leave an air-conditioned space in the middle of a Vegas summer.. . The resort also feels really dated. The ceilings in the room are really low and the room was not exactly clean. The bathroom, in particular really shows its age and the lack of attention paid to the cleaning of the tub, etc. Kinda gross actually. The furniture in the room was also quite dusty. Not what we expected from a Hilton.. . Unexpected plus: the bed gave us a good night's sleep despite looking lumpy. I guess that the housekeeper was in a hurry when making the bed.. . We thought that we'd be fine staying off the strip, but ultimately the location of this hotel is less-than-ideal. It was hella hot, so yeah...no way we were gonna keep walking...the on-site monorail is a good option though.... . Don't think that we'll be staying there again...
Rude customer service at front desk. Smelly rooms. Stay away people!!!!!. If u have a crappy hotel at least make up for it with great customer service!!!!
In it's prime, this hotel must have been THE spot. After all, Elvis was in residence forever and top notch performers continue to mount shows in its entertainment venues. But I am not a fan.. . I visited the hotel out of curiosity, primarily to compare Hilton hotel properties (Hilton has announced that it is terminating it's franchise agreement with this hotel at the end of 2011). I thought I'd stop in for lunch, on my way to other sites. Well, that was kind of a mistake. There is only one place, other than a coffe bar and a Pizza Hut, to eat before 5pm.. . There are a number of shops within the hotel, including a couple of hair salons (chains). The casino contained in the hotel lobby seemed busy and I noticed there was a VIP area.. . I haven't been in the guest rooms, so can't really comment on them. I found the lobby and restaurant areas dated in regard to decor, but clean.. . This hotel is attached to the Convention Center, making is very convenient to anyone attending a large convention there. The monorail also makes a stop there, which is important because it's not exactly in the middle of the action on the strip.. . I think this hotel had a government contract, a point that may be important to certain readers. I did notice several online specials, with rates as low as $79/night.
Look, this place is past its prime. . . I am sure when Elvis lived her this was THE PLACE to be but it's not that anymore. I was in town for a convention at Bally's but didn't want to stay there as I wanted to stay at HHonors property. This place made sense because it's on the Las Vegas Monorail. I was happy with that as it felt like I was catching the subway to "work" every morning. I liked it and it helped me save a ton of money on cabs around Vegas. . . The hotel is massive and the casino  is nice. . . I have no complains about the rooms but compared to shiny new Vegas it felt older. . . I am sad to hear that this property will no longer be a Hilton in 2012. I . wonder how that will work. . . Oh and this hotel is a bargain!
The Pamela Anderson of hotels. Looks really hot from a distance but, up close, shows her age, cracks, cheapness and is overshadowed by those half her age. . . This place screams "only relevant because of our location next to the Convention Center!!!". Take your money elsewhere. You need a cab to get to a decent restaraunt. You might as well stay and eat  at a nice place and take a cab to the convention. My room was so tired and dirty with stains in the faded carpet including DNA from several generations. My sink would not drain and my toilet was difficult to flush. The grout in the shower was no longer white. The tv was a flatscreen but not HD. No iPod hookup, $14 per day for Internet, no minibar, cracked furniture, plastic wallpaper........crappy, overpriced restaurants through and through........ . UGH!   I'm done here.........
I've stayed at the Hilton for many years. It is, as I am, showing age. The crowd is much smaller. The rooms are the same and need an remodel. Price was very good at only $38 for Sunday night.. . If you are doing a convention at the LV Convention Center, this is the most convenient place. If you want modern luxury, the Hilton's not your spot. Go to the Bellagio, Wynn or Venitian. But, if you want an older, clean, cheap spot give the Hilton your business.
I stayed at this Joint in the middle of September for 3 nights. . . Pros: The North Tower Premium Room was nice and clean and the Beds were Comfy, Walking Distance to Las Vegas Convention Center. . . Cons: NO COFFEE IN THE ROOM!!!!! The AC/Heater sounds like a engine with denotation problems, the Windows are dirty the Scenic elevator barely works and if it does that elevator makes creepy noise, while I play in the Casino I request a drink and if takes forever to receive, keep in mind this Joint is Off Strip so If You want to venture into the Strip trust Me You are better off renting a Car or like I did "Drive Your Own Car", . . The Verdict: The reason for 2 stars is at least the Premium Room had a Premium fell to it as long as the Curtains are shut, Next time I come to Vegas for Pleasure I am booking a room in the Strip!
Only reason to stay here would be if you're attending a convention at the LV Convention Center (which I was).  The location is unbeatable, but the quality of the rooms is pretty unimpressive.  The room was barely passable as a 3 star...dingy and needs to be updated badly.
GOOD:. * Good deal for three nights - $139. * Hotels were clean and decent. * Offers a GREEN offer - you get $10 voucher if you don't have cleaning service. . BAD:. * The free $10 slot deal really sucks because of their system... we lost the $10 by putting the card in and didn't get to play. We went to complain and they said too bad.. * No pets allowed. * Old school TV. * Channels were not what they said they were. * The gym sucks... you pay $10-20 to get entry and it really isn't worth it. I got in for free but if I had to pay, I'd demand my money back. It was TINY.. * You need to pay for Wifi!. . Overall... I'd stay here again BECAUSE of the deal, but I would probably just come here to sleep and go on the strip to workout and play the casinos.
My first visit to Las Vegas -- my first time inside ANY casino -- was my stay at the Las Vegas Hilton.  This was a while ago.  Back when TI was called Treasure Island and they had pirates out front instead of sluts.  Back when Bellagio was still kinda new.. . Back then, the Hilton was reasonable enough and offered something to warm over any geek (like myself) who needed a reason to even stand in Las Vegas:  Star Trek:  The Experience.  Yes... the Hilton had a Trek thing and Trek casino on the premises.  There to reassure my generation that, yup, Vegas likes YOU too.  . . It was fun staying at the Hilton at that point, comforting to know I wasn't on the big bad ominous STRIP.  And this is coming from someone who lived 4 years in Brooklyn, okay?. . But then years passed and return trips taught me something.  The STRIP doesn't need to be in capital letters.  Like it's a SCARY place.  It's actually a safe fun BLAST if I must use all caps for something.  And so why in the freaky-deaky world --. . -- would you intentionally stay off the strip?  The hotel better be worth it, right?  Something extra special and extra different.  Or why bother?. . Having recently visited the Las Vegas Hilton again, the best way I can put this is:  don't.  It's less than nothing special.  I actually found it very depressing.  The old girl has seen her last day, and unless she drops into Deep Space Nine for a retrofit, the bitch needs to be de-commissioned.. . Why do I say depressing?. . First of all, that funky and fun Trek casino that was on the premises warped out some time ago.  That's okay.  I can forgive that.  What I can't forgive is that they left half of it behind.  Out of good ol' cheap laziness.  So if you drift around the casino enough, you'll find a slot machine 'spot' housed inside half of what was the Trek exhibit.  It's... bizarre.  They could have turned it into a futuristic bar of sorts if they really needed to 'keep' some of the metal and glass crap from the Trek thing.  But no, that would cost $$$$... wouldn't it?  And so they essentially did nothing.. . The Hilton offers a host of cheezy Vegas singer/impersonator types.  They perform in this teeny tiny showroom that houses no more than 50 people at once.  Yes, that's right, nothing says you're about to see an amazing act than a theater that holds 50 people in it.  50 entire people.  To glock how depressing this is, know that the Hilton -- JUST THE HILTON -- houses over 3000 rooms.  . . The night I was recently there, they slid a wall away from this showroom to show you what you were missing.  Yes, right off the casino, a line of people who didn't pay to see some fool 'croon' were watching the 'spectacle.'   Some guy who's miserable job was to come out and pretend to be 1/1000th as popular as Wayne Newton.  It made me want to become an alcoholic just watching him.. . My partner in crime and I ended up seeing comedian Gilbert Godfried there.  In that same room of 50 or less people.  That was populated by two middleaged greasy photographers with bad hair and worse suits trying to take your picture for big bucks... in an age where everyone carries digital cameras... in a room a showroom about as special as Wayne World's basement.  DEPRESSING.. . And if this wasn't depressing enough, Gilbert was terrible.  Looked like an amateur.  And I really like this guy.. . Need more?  You must be a glutton for punishment like me.  One of the 'big deal' restaurants in the Hilton is a Benihauna.  Yes, I enjoy Teppan Grill, but you can kinda get it anywhere these days.  True, you can't a Beni like the Hilton has... a giant village setting where you actually feel like you're in old Japan -- but the night I walked in there was a big hole in the ceiling.  Signs asking patrons to forgive the leaking water.  We walked out faster than we walked in --. . -- which is just what I'm recommending YOU do.. . If you need affordable rooms in an okay resort, try NYNY and MONTE CARLO on the strip.  They're less depressing, have more life to 'em, and are ON the strip.
Just got back from Vegas and took a long, hot shower.  No, that is not me being influenced by Las Vegas' seedy underside; and it's not only because I was achy from the drive (although--man I forgot how long it is).  It is because I stayed at the Hilton and cannot vouch for the cleanliness of my surroundings.  Let me rewind.  When we arrived, I couldn't find much to complain about at first.  Check-in was quick and our room on the 25th floor was attractive to the eye.  The off-strip location was set away from the clutter without being isolated, due to its onsite monorail station.  But there were a few things that were bothersome.  Like the way the carpeting is so old in the casino that the smell of smoke just hangs on everything.  Like the fact that wi-fi was $13.99 a day (the reason I waited to write my review).  Like the fact that the room was lacking other common amenities, like a refrigerator and updated thermostat (although the former may be common in Vegas, due to the fact that they are trying to get you to spend money on going out to eat).  Or the fact that our sink backed up.  Or the irritating flourescent tubes right by the vanity mirror.  Or lame T.V. channel choices.  But still I was hedging on whether all these items earned the place a downgrade to a three--after all it *is* an older property.  But then my husband's cousin had to wait two hours for housekeeping to clean his room after a backed-up toilet situation and after calling twice for follow-up--they had to have different people come by for different purposes (one guy to plunge, one to mop, etc.).  Hubby actually had to walk down to the front desk so that one of their managers could talk to one of housekeeping's managers.  The three rating was confirmed.  And then my seven-year old (sure, it's a family destination) noticed the bitten-up pieces of cheese on our carpet in several parts of the carpet.  Ew.  That means they don't vacuum the carpet.  Definitely a downgrade to a two.  Sorry, but I expect basic cleanliness to give a hotel a three.  The lack of amenities is perhaps understandable given the low cost of the room; but the basics should never be overlooked.  Not my worst hotel experience (see my review of Naniloa Volcanoes Resort in Hawai'i)--but I expect much, much more from Hilton.
It's really kind of past its day, this Hilton.  It's off the strip and to the North of the 21st Century's true strip;  adjacent more to the sad Riviera and Sahara ruins than the hopping nature of the Venetian and Bellagios.  It keeps afloat, I assume, via the LVCC, which is another place that shows its age more than it'd like to, I assume.. . They murdered Quark's Bar and Star Trek The Experience!  It is hard to love a casino after that;  it's doubly hard when there's virtually no reason to go to here besides if you wanted to see "Nunsense" or were simply told to stay next to your convention center.  Cheap rooms are easy to get out of the Flamingo or Bill's.  This is... sad.
Stayed at the Hilton for 4 during the EMS Expo; this was our fourth stay at this hotel. We were told by the Desk Clerk that no rooms had refrigerators but we found out that refrigerators were available. This hotel charges for the Wi Fi - 13.+ daily for ONE computer to receive Wi Fi. There was a charge for the fitness room too. The gaming was another disappointment; dealers had no personality. Won't stay here for the next Expo.
During it's heyday, the Las Vegas Hilton was quite possibly the fanciest casino hotel resort not on the strip. Nowadays it's become dated, a "classic" Vegas establishment in hotel speak, and is a destination for nostalgia seekers, folks visiting the Las Vegas Convention Center next door, or simply people who are looking for a deal off the strip.. . As a hotel, the LV Hilton is more than adequate. Standard rooms are all oversized and the beds are solid. While the rooms may feel somewhat antiquated for some folks, they've done a decent job of attempting to modernize the themes, though there is always more work to be done. The suite selection isn't as vast as some off strip properties, but there is some opportunity to enjoy a quality amenities, especially in the villa suites which feature a space as large as 13,000 square feet. If Hilton heiress Paris were to stay the night, I have no doubt those rooms would be her *only* choice.. . The casino here is a total flashback to the early 1980s. They do have a decent and more recently expanded sports book, but most of everything from their table layouts to the slot machines scream old school more than anything. Their player's club program doesn't have much sell for casino offers and even the multi-tiered program isn't much of an incentive when the amenities simply aren't enough to match the nearby competing casinos. But in the same token, the comp rules are less stringent and the casino staff is accommodating and friendly.. . My biggest beef with the property is their awful dining options. When their "high end" selection includes the dreadful Benihana (http://www.yelp.com/biz/benihana-las-vegas) or the laughable Asian fusionesque Garden of the Dragon (http://www.yelp.com/biz/garden-of-the-dragon-las-vegas), it's easy to take issue with the rest. The classic buffet served here is a real sight to behold, with bland food being managed by a real unmotivated bunch of service staff. Instead of the confusing options, I will see on occasion a crowd of tourists over at the Pizza Hut Express (http://www.yelp.com/biz/paradise-cafe-las-vegas), but I suppose even they know what's up here. It's real sad when I'll opt for the Paradise Cafe (http://www.yelp.com/biz/paradise-cafe-las-vegas) before throwing any additional money or wasting comp dollars on any of the aforementioned establishments. . . Though nightlife plays an important role at most casinos, this isn't much of a strong suit with the Hilton. Their pool attracts folks from time to time during the summer, but it's not much to write about. Tempo Lounge (http://www.yelp.com/biz/tempo-lounge-las-vegas) shows a little bit of promise, but the overly cheesy decor and crowd is a real detraction at times.. . Many folks have been screaming for a makeover at the Hilton for years. Until the day it gets one, it will remain one of the lower tiered properties among Sin City's eclectic collection of casinos.
Only LVCC direct option, but rooms are very run down and food options are horrible on site. They have a captive tradeshow market and have done few upgrades in past 10+ years. Decent suites for client events and catered food is good enough to impress clients with a view of the strip.
I'm only giving this hotel a two star review because it is a Vegas hotel. . . My general understanding of a vegas hotel is that you pay little and get more. . . Pros:. . Transportation: . Even though you're not on the strip... You're right by the monorail station. We personally didn't like the idea of forking out $10 per person per day. We drove instead. . . Room: . Bed was okay. Meh. . . Cons..... . Casino: . If you're a non- smoker. Be prepared to smell more smoke than you're used to. For some reason I feel like i'm standing next to a smoker every second that i'm down there even if there isn't anyone standing in my general area. . . Room: . The drainage system really really sucks.... I would brush my teeth and need to wait for the water to drain before my fiance could brush his teeth. It's a similar problem with the shower too. . . There was an area on the floor that was wet no matter what... we never spilled anything.
What is going on here?  It's kinda remodeled and looks pretty nice in most of the casino.  But then you walk to the back and you realize they never got rid of the spacey themed area that the Hilton had for their Star Trek Experience.  If you didn't know about the Star Trek thing from years ago, you are bound to walk into this bar area and go, "WTF?". . As far as food goes, it seems your choices are $30 a person (Benihana and whatever their Italian place is) or Pizza Hut Express.  There are a few nice retail areas with your typical Vegas souvenirs and gifts.  There are also a few dead spaces that desperately need filled with restaurants or bars.. . Seems like with a little more work this would be a solid place to hang out or maybe even get a room for your Vegas Vacation.  They need a few more attractions (shows, bars) to bring the crowds though.  Oh, and a sign outside the building advertising where on earth you are.
Got in at 10:00 pm, I was given a room that was occupied. Hotel looks "worn". The Fitness Center was a complete waste of money, as there are 12 machines and 50 people wanting to exercise in the AM. i spent over $50 for 3 days there and felt like i was taken. $3 for a boarding pass. $14.95 per day for wifi in the room. I know these are the going rates on the strip, but this is a bad location as well. They do not look to give away drinks to gamblers, and the food is extremely overpriced. The cleaning service in the room was very good! I suppose this place would close if it were not for the Convention Center. I will not return, and even if I do attend another Convention there, I will stay somewhere else. A guest should never feel taken advantage of, and I did there. If you go to their website, there is not a way to contatc them via e-mail. Kind of strange in this day and age?
The LVH - no longer the Hilton, but now The Las Vegas Hotel, has seen it's better days. We stayed for a convention/tradeshow a couple weeks ago and while it's convenient (work wise) it's nothing spectacular for the location. . . There's nothing awful about it either - it's just average. There are a few decent restaurants and shops, it's farily clean, there's a good business center and overall not a bad place to stay. . . There are more vibrant, lively places closer to the strip and nightlife, but if you're looking for something more quiet and perhaps a better budget value, the LVH isn't a bad option.
It's... average. Used to be a Hilton until earlier this year.. . The good:. . ---Check-in was quick, and our room was ready at about 10:00 a.m.. ---The view is decent, considering you're not on the strip.. ---Mattress was pretty comfortable.. ---The rooms are fairly big, even the standard rooms.. ---Most areas were very clean.. ---It's right on the monorail, so getting to the strip was very easy.. ---Average-ish buffet. I might have felt better about it if it had been a couple bucks cheaper, but what was there was fine. Just not a huge selection.. . The bad:. . ---Internet access costs $14 per day, per device. In 2012? Are you kidding? Thankfully I didn't need it.. ---The whole place feels dated--tons of white marble, brass and "glass" light fixtures, and a Star Trek theme in what had to be one of the sadder bars in LV.. ---Really heavy smoke in the casino areas. The place needs better ventilation.. ---Super flat pillows, to the point where it was actually more comfortable to sleep on my wadded-up sweatshirt. My chiropractor's going to get more money from me than the slots did.. ---Our shower faucet didn't turn off all the way. I'm not talking a few drips; I'm talking an actual stream of water coming out of the faucet for four days straight. It took three calls to get anyone to come look at it, and when the "engineer" arrived, he said there was nothing he could do. Fab.. ---Also, the showers are super short. I'm only 5'7" and I had to duck to get my head under the water; my 6'5" husband didn't have a prayer. No water pressure to speak of, either.. . Overall: It's much less expensive than the higher-end places, and the fact that it's off the strip means it's a lot quieter. That may or may not be your thing. I appreciated being able to sleep (despite the crap pillows), so yeah, it was fine. Not sure it'll be my first choice the next time I go, but it was OK. Nothing great, nothing horrible. Just average.
Stayed her for Baker to Vegas relay weekend. Room was nice enough. Bed was comfortable. Had a great view of the strip. Clean bathroom and towels. . . Ate at Paradise Cafe for breakfast. Service was slow and they added an extra juice to our bill but they took it off. . . Bought a Fiji water at a small bakery which was $7.45, RIP OFF and to take money out of the ATM was $5.99 charge. . . Pool was nice and big and had good music playing. Service was slow with the girls taking orders around the pool. Never offered a menu or anything.. . Only stayed here b/c it was the host hotel, otherwise I'd probably stay somewhere else next time. Price was decent $79 a night.
The LVH is not as nice as it was when they were owned by Hilton. Since the foreclosure and buyout, you dont get Hilton points anymore and you have to pay extra to get one of the more modern rooms. The rooms still are nothing to write home about and are definately not worthy of an upcharge. I give this place a year before they go out of business. The air conditioning in the room sucked and we were moved twice.. We will not be staying here again.
Being a frequent business traveler I attend a few trade shows a year in Vegas and have been to this property many times. Especially since it is pretty much connected and right next door to the convention center it's hard to avoid. From it's days as the original Las Vegas Hilton to it's current incarnation as the LVH there is still not much for me here to really embellish on or recommend. It's one of the most boring casino properties in Vegas.. . When I was here a few weeks ago I did notice some things in the casino area and bar areas had been redecorated, with a bunch of new digital slots machines on the floor, but it still has an empty drab feel to it. They used to house the Star Trek Experience here and had a space age casino designed and dedicated to it, but that is long gone and yet the shell of the casino still remains. It looks kind of weird and unfinished. The regular main casino floor is large enough with a good amount of table games along with a decently sized sports book, but there is no buzz here at all. It's like this place is still stuck in the 80's and the new regime here has it stuck in neutral. . . The times I have stayed here overnight were no big shakes either. The rooms are big enough but kind of plain. Clean but nothing to write home about. Along those lines the restaurants here are a total snoozefest. Benihana is their "high end" eatery - haha! Along with a lame Asian place and an even blander buffet it seems the best option to eat is their Paradise diner/cafe. Don't even ask about the almost non-existant nightlife here. The one big plus is that the monorail is close by to jump on and head to the strip with it's multitude of casino's and entertainment options.. . It seems that the LVH is around mainly for convention travelers with it's convenience next to the convention center, and is normally the home base for many of the attendees and exhibitors. Still, why stay here when there are so many options along the strip in the same price point and a state of the art monorail system that can easily bring you back and forth within minutes?
I will not be returning to this hotel anytime soon. Stayed for one night, we received a great rate thanks to a friend but, disappointed with the service they gave us. We called to ask for a roll away and they charged us $30 extra, we forgot something in our car(parked valet) they wouldn't bring the car up front for us. We had to go down go to the valet station and wait for them to bring the car around. We asked for extra towels which, took close to an hour and they only brought us one regular size towel and a small towel. . The bed was comfortable. The room has a flat screen, no iPod dock (we brought our own just in case),  the bathroom had one sink and I noticed there was no blow dyer. I didn't even bother calling and asking for one that would probably be another 1 hour, my hair would be dry by then. Maybe no resort fees means no customer service.. . I would suggest staying here if you really want to save money.
I suppose if you're old and are looking for a place to stay and shop, this wouldn't be a terrible choice. Though I'm not old and always falling asleep OR looking to go shopping. It's far enough off the main strip that it's inconvenient to walk to. There is the monorail, but you gotta pony up some cash for that, and wait for the next one if you don't catch it in time.. . The rooms themselves are fine, though the AC is loud as all hell. I never actually slept up there, just showered in the room we had between going out on the town (beacuse it's too loud, and because, who sleeps in Vegas?). We did some gambling downstairs, which has a nice enough casino floor. But no poker room (this is what dropped my review from 3 to 2 stars), which is annoying. So if you wanna play craps or slots or blackjack or the fake hold em they have at those little tables, you could do that. The food inside is all retardedly expensive and you might as well go down the street and find a taco bell. . . The building itself is huge, theres something like 30 floors and the rooms arent arranged perfectly square, theres Y intersections in the hallways and crazy stuff like that and you will for sure get lost while looking for your room, especially if you're drunk before noon (hey, they give free drinks at those craps tables, don't judge). . . If I was older, and coming in for the week or something, I might consider staying here. Or if there was 10 people willing to pitch in 15 bucks each for a place where they could shower, get dressed or black out for a bit each night (like we did, but with 3 people, everyone else was in PH, which was smart of them), I would consider the LVH. But, you might as well just get everyone to donate 25 bucks, and get something at the Venetian.
This hotel has seen its better days. Its not surprising that this place is owned by the bank and is currently searching for a buyer. We attended a convention and stayed 4 nights here and everyday it seemed like something went wrong. The entire hotel staff were consistently rude. The elevators throughout the hotel were not operating correctly which caused us to wait in a 35 minute line to use the only working one in the hotel. They tried to be sneaky during check-in and give us a lower level room than what we reserved. We didn't notice this until we were inside our room and unloading our luggage. The upgraded room was supposed to come with a refrigerator and coffee pot. This room had neither. We called to verify this and we were told that the hotel was overbooked and my account would have been credited during checkout. We demanded the room in which we PAID FOR IN ADVANCE. They couldn't accommodate those requests but did move us to an upgraded room that was a different bed type than the one we reserved. If you are coming for a convention during the weekend, I highly suggest you plan ahead. We pulled up to the hotel and waited an hour in the Valet line. Once that was complete, we waited another hour in the check-in line.. . Remember, you get what you pay for.... Cheap rates = crappy rooms & service
This weekend was my first time in Vegas- came with a friend here on business, so his company covered the room. He was working at the conference center, hence the hotel choice. He drove in from LA and was much later than my flight, and the hotel was nice enough to be able to transfer the prepaid room into my name so that I could check in. . . We were on the 24th floor with resort club privileges- not sure what to compare this to, because the room was pretty generic. We got a letter listing our resort level benefits, including lounge access on our floor to have a light breakfast, snacks, and wine/cheese social in the evenings, which was a nice touch. Also included free fitness center access, which I'd researched upon arriving and balked about the $20/day access fee- which is insane considering what is actually available. It's essentially a room of weight machines, some treadmills, and three outdated ellipticals. I was surprised. Used it for what I needed and left, but nothing there was worth even half of that access fee for the weekend, let alone the day. Room came with printer-- but I am still waiting, an hour and a half later, for someone to bring me the cord to actually USE it. Housekeeping says they're still looking for it and to go to the business center instead. Will do, but not thrilled about it. Also, my partner was a little annoyed not to get the slippers/robe listed among our amenities. . . I'm not a casino fan, so I didn't evaluate that, but the giant sports screen at the Superbook was pretty cool. Didn't want to do the buffet, so went to Paradise Cafe instead on my first night alone. Date and I did the sushi bar inside of Bennihana's the following night.  Having access to the monorail was a plus.. . All in all, aside from the printer cable situation and fitness center access fees, it was fine. But just fine. Expectations were a little higher.
2nd time here. First time good. 2nd not so much. I recommend NOT letting them put you in the EAST or CENTRAL Towers! They are the OLD towers. I stayed on the 6th floor of the Central Tower and as soon as you step off the elevator there is a stale smell in the air. Super old bathroom, rust on wall and by tub fixtures, this sheets and cover on bed..not cool! Got this on the New Player promo: $140 for two nights what did I really expect right? Uggg. . The firs part of my 2nd stay was in the North Tower! Nice! Upgraded room, renovated bathrooms, PLUSH bed with clean pillows, free slippers and robe free printer in room and access to the "lounge" that has complimentary beverages, hot and cold, fruit, snacks, WATER: bottled, wine and beer from 6am to 8pm! ($155/night). . POOL: Basic not an IT spot to be when in Vegas. A little loud with the kiddies. Major gripe for some: closes at 8pm!. . Major plus: Has a rail station at the front of hotel! Hop right on and ride!. Paradise Cafe: decent breakfast is best. Crab cakes overrated. . . Make sure to Go Green if you can and get the $10 vouvher for FOOD!. . Buffet: OK. Wine is the best thing going there. Cake, salmon and chicken all DRY! Sides pretty good over all. . . Noodle 88: Basic.. . Benihana: always delish!. . Regis Salon Review: DO NOT GO HERE! I went last week for a mani/pedi what they wanted to charge was insane! I ended up getting a polish change for my hands and feet as I had recently had a mani/pedi at home. I was looking for a relaxing experience being in town for a convention. I sat and got my toes done first....the WORST paint job ever! The lady's name I can't remember: middle aged, white with a slight accent and short hair. I constantly had to ask her to use the brush and clean up here and there my toes were a mess! I could have done a better job with my left hand (I am a rightie)! Obviously, I said NO to the polish change on my hands, promptly hopped up, paid:reluctantly, and kept it moving! PLEASE don't go there. A polish change was bad, I can only imagine a hair cut/color.
Room is OK - no frills and EVERYTHING costs extra.  Even wifi ($14/day).  What year is this?  They've got their fingers in your pockets 24 hours a day.  I feel dirty.  I guess this is the "new" Vegas - not for me.
I spent eight nights in the Las Vegas Hotel for business.  Because of how the reservations worked out, I was in one room in the North Tower for four nights and one room in the Central Tower for four nights.  Those were totally different worlds.. . IN GENERAL:. The front desk area was nice, but there was almost always a wait for check-in, key pick-up, etc.  The front desk staff varied from nice to end-of-my-shift-grumpy.  They have a "Go Green" program, which I thought was kinda cool.  If you don't want your room cleaned, press the "Go Green" button on your phone and they'll slide a $10 hotel voucher under your door in the morning.  Score!  You can also check out from your room phone, which saved us some time.  . . Worst Paper Products Ever.  I know hotels aren't going to buy lovely Cottonelle and Puffs Plus for their rooms, but I'm not sure which was worse: the medium-grade sand paper tissues or the toilet paper that disintegrated on contact.  I never smelled cigarette smoke in the rooms, but every one of us got stuffed up noses the minute we walked in our rooms all week.  Something about the ventilation in the hotel is not right.  Also, there was a daily fee for WiFi access.  Boo hiss.  . . NORTH TOWER:. I apparently got an upgraded room, which came with an extra sitting area.  There was a fridge, a nice tv, a couch, a couple of chairs, and a coffee table.  A colleague got a non-upgraded room across the hall, which was identical without the extra sitting area.  The room was super clean.  Everything looked pretty new, the carpet was in great condition, and the tile in the entryway and bathroom was gleaming.  Bathroom had a full-sized hair dryer and a garden tub.  Bed was super comfy, as part of the upgrade is an upgraded pillow-top mattress.  Other than the ventilation playing havoc with my sinuses, this was a great room.. . CENTRAL TOWER:. Obviously built before the North Tower, this wing has seen better days long ago.  The bedding seemed clean and the bed was comfy enough, but the room had a general "ick" feel to it.  The carpet was very worn and stained.  There were a couple of used tissues on the floor behind the bathroom trash can.  The shower head was broken and flopped down, so I had to crouch and duck under it to wash.  No fridge.  It just felt old, outdated, and worn out.  It was like being in a totally different hotel.. . I'd stay in the North Tower again if it were a good deal.  I wouldn't go back to the Central Tower.
very depressing! I guess Hilton dumped it for good reason.
Listen, I don't enjoy writing bad reviews, but this place really earns it. This is not a happy place. You feel like you have really hit the dirty end of Vegas when you come here. My company made me stay here while working a trade show. While I can't speak to the price, it made me realize my company doesn't care much for me or my comfort. . . I stayed in the Central Tower, which I think is the reason for my negative experience. I hear the North Tower has been renovated and is decent. . . Cons; the hotel rooms (at least the ones not renovated) are gross, the bathrooms are filthy, you only get two small towels, the sink was broken. . Pros; it is attached to the monorail, there are several semi decent restaurants, there is a good gift shop (albeit expensive)
LVH is by far the most boring hotel I have been to in Las Vegas.  I stayed here this past weekend, and found that there is hardly anything to eat, see, or do at this hotel.  The rooms are decent, but I could not find many reasons to hang around at this place after leaving my room.  Thankfully there is a monorail that runs through the hotel that goes to the main strip.  Otherwise, I probably would have been miserable for most of my stay.
**BAR REVIEW ONLY**. . Minh and I met up with our friends who live in LV and we decided on coming here after dinner for some drinks. . . I cannot remember what the bar name was but it was a nice loungy type place. It had swag appeal and some pretty good prices on drinks. . . *Warning* this bar is limited so do not request any fancy drinks. . . Ashley and I ordered Sour apple martinis and the boys had beer. The lounge area was nice and dark, the music was okay. But all that mattered was us drinking and having fun! Drinks are semi stiff, and the bartender was a nice guy too! . . LVH hotel is not the type of place you would catch us hanging around at! Honestly, I really do not like the people who are here! On our way out there were a couple of guys (who were older) walking out and clearly, you could tell guy #2 had just a little too much to drink because he his friend was holding him up and trying to get him to walking straight. Well drunk guy by accident bumped into this chick who was walking past him with her friends, his buddy said "sorry he's been drinking" but that didn't stop her, she took off her sandals and went after him (think Jerry Springer style) yelling at him and trying to step to him. Holy poop it got real hood up in the LVH, any buzz Minh and I had was pretty much gone after that!. . If you want some semi good drinks at Happy Hour prices and a good show to go along with it later, then I suggest you make a bee line to this gem of a spot!
Priceline has recently updated this hotel to four stars. Are they serious?!. I don't know what their criteria is for rating hotels, but I suspect they just wanted to have a second 4-star rated hotel listed for the convention center area. How could they possibly rate this Motel-6-like motel with the 4-star Renaissance hotel a couple of blocks away?. I suppose this hotel merits 2 stars on it's own, and you only spent $30 a night for it. However, if one bases one's rating on Priceline calling it a 4-star hotel, it only deserves a single star. . Although I had already prepaid for this hotel, and couldn't get a refund, I reserved a room elsewhere as soon as I saw the room. I never even stayed the night. Very disappointing - and it made my trip that much more expensive, since I ended up paying for two separate hotels.
Not a good experience at all. I used to stay here when it was the Hilton and I was expecting Hilton quality. Now that it's under new ownership, I'm very disappointed.. . It started when we were checking in. I've never seen a line that long to check in before. Took about 30 minutes. When we finally got up to the counter, the receptionist claimed they couldn't find my reservation. Although I made the reservation through a Bloomspot deal, it should have been booked. She said she found it for a future date, which would have been impossible since I was simply checking rates for that date, not reserving. It was only after 20 minutes of back and forth and showing her my confirmation e-mail from Bloomspot and my receipt that they indeed took the money for the reservation via my Paypal account that they suddenly "found it", and I only owed the tax.. . We stayed on the 7th floor of the North Tower. There are 4 elevators but I swear only 2 are functional. The floor is supposed to be non-smoking but there was a heavy smell of smoke coming from the hallway. We passed by a room service cart outside of a room, where dirty plates and a condom wrapper were waiting for a housekeeper to wheel it away. That was at 5pm. That same cart was outside the room at 11pm, sans condom wrapper....o....k..... . We got in our room, which was okay. The sheets were clean and so was the bathroom. The toilet had issues, where if someone in the next room over was showering, you couldn't flush until they were finished. We heard when everyone washed their hands, showered, or tinkled in our neighboring rooms, the plumbing was that loud. The water pressure for the sink and shower sucked also.. . Our TV may have been flat screen, but the quality was poor and we constantly had issues with it.. . About an hour after we checked in, our phone rang. It was Security, stating a previous guest may have left her glasses in one of the cabinet. After checking every nook and cranny in the room, we let him know that the glasses were nowhere to be found.. . The following morning, while my husband and I were sleeping in, our phone rang. It was another Security person, stating the exact same thing, and half-heartedly added "sorry if I woke you". I informed him that one of his colleagues already called, and, again, there were no glasses in the room.. . House keeping stayed on our floor for what seemed like all day. Since we stayed in the room most of the day, we heard/saw them. The room directly across from us was being "cleaned" from 4pm to 7pm. I heard a lot more chatter than cleaning.. . That night, around 2am, thankfully my husband and I were still awake. Someone knocked on our door. We knew we couldn't have been loud because we were only watching TV. After my husband asked who was at the door, it was someone saying they were bringing us towels. WE DIDN'T ORDER ANY TOWELS, AND CERTAINLY NOT AT 2AM. When my husband told the guy this, he said he looked thoroughly confused, but finally walked away.. . Checkout time, finally. Let's get out of here. Express checkout? You bet. Let's blow this Popsicle stand. Oh, what's that? Sir, you've been waiting for the elevator for 15 mins? 3 other elevators came in the span of another 15 minutes (not even exaggerating), which were all full. We got fed up and walked to the Central tower elevators, which came immediately and only had 2 people on it. Unbelievable.. . I wish I would have read the Foursquare tips saying how much of a dump this place was (seriously, dump was in every single tip except 1) before I was already standing in that long line. Sure, they gave me a free bottle of Chardonnay and $10 free slot play, but it just was too little too late. Never again.
This hotel has definitely seen better days. It took about 45 minutes to check in on a Friday afternoon. We were set up in the Central Tower on the 18th floor. Sometimes the elevators will randomly stop on a floor with people in it. Even though we were set up in a non smoking room you could still smell that good old stale cigarette smell that becomes the only thing you can smell while staying here. The carpet was visibly stained which was an immediate turnoff. We tried to activate the in room safe by calling the automated number provided (which stated that the safe would be activated in less than 3 minutes) and after 30 minutes we called the front desk to inquire when it would be active and they told us that "we are really busy but I will try to get somebody up as soon as I can." After about an hour we gave up on the safe and went out. The water pressure in the shower is a joke no matter what time of day you decide to shower. OK, so there are some of the CONS.. .  Now the PROS. Their sports-book is huge and is set up very well for football viewing parties. They do not hold back on the drinks when you are gambling for which this is especially true in the sports-book, where we spent most of our time. They don't require drink coupons like most "strip" casinos require to get the free drinks. They are connected to the monorail which can save you some money if you wanted to travel to the other strip hotels. Their slot machines seem to give you some good play on your money so I didn't have too much to complain about there. They have a decent point system for their players and when you sign up you get $10 in free slot play plus if you provide an email address you get an additional $5. I played a few hours over the two days and received about $40 on top. . . This vacation was purchased on the cheap admittedly so that is the reason for the second star. However, I expected a little better for a Vegas hotel that has 3 1/2 stars. It is old and run down and it is very apparent they haven't put any money back into the property. There are Vegas hotels that are 20 years old or more (like MGM) but they are constantly upgrading them. I also read that this property is in the middle of foreclosure...makes sense. It is no wonder that Hilton took their name off of the property. This was probably the place to be....back when 80's opulence was still in style.
Hilton.....wow. What can I say about you? I didn't think being so far from the strip would be a problem.. I was trapped in your broken down sad small excuse for a hotel for the weekend. . . the room: broken. No AC, NO drainage in the shower, broken floor tiles, no ice on the floor. Thank you that was fun.. . When we complained for the 4th time we were finally moved. . . I guess I shouldn't be too surprised- this is pretty much what I expected crawling into the inside of a hilton. ;)
This hotel is subpar. We paid for a premium room but got robbed. The remote for the TV did not work, no coffee maker and the radio didn't power up... And this is the Premium room? What's the standard room? A tent with an air mattress? I would never stay here again and the pictures are so inconsistent with what's real.
I was in Vegas in the end of November/beginning of December to run the Rock and Roll Marathon! Running the marathon was amazing but I am here to review the hotel. I was put here by the charity I was running for and I was disapointed, with all the money I raised I was hoping to get something a little bit better. This place is tired!!. . Everything from the sign to the lobby and rooms simply see outdated and old. Plus there is no poker at the hotel, whats up with that? It's vegas, even motel 6 has poker!. . Either way I would not stay here again!
Where is our towels? We didn't have towels anywhere in the room. The room had some kind of smell. The fan was blowing air out with an odor. This is our second stay here and it was not the same as when they were the hilton.  Internet cost 13.99 a day.  The room rate was cheap, but they will charge higher for other services.
The pros: The price and the location.. . The cons: The shower head is perfect, if you're under 5'6. If you're over 6' you're going to have to lean to get your hair wet and rinsing is going to take awhile. Also, you can hear every sneeze and fart from your neighbors and anyone walking up the hall. Vegas is rarely quiet and you should expect noise on a weekend, but you shouldn't be able to hear someone clearing their throat.
1 1/2 stars... I stayed at this hotel about 6 years ago when it was a HIlton. They lost the Hilton name because of the standards Hilton makes their properties live up to and I see why. I don't think this place has been cleaned since they changed names. The name LVH does not mean Hilton, but rather Las Vegas HOTEL. The rooms are dirty and I did not feel comfortable walking about without shoes in my room and even slept with my shirt on for fear of bed bugs (which BTW I did not see or experience). The casino itself isn't that huge and the dealers are very unattractive and not friendly, which I can get beyond if I was winning. The restaurants there are nothing to make you want to stay there to eat when there are so many other option. One big plus, or so we thought, was the convenience factor being next to the convo center but if you are in the South Hall of the Convo Ctr it is still a 20-25 min walk. They do have nice sportsbook though. Next time, I am staying on the strip to do Vegas right.
We stayed at the Hilton Las Vegas in the past, but DON"T confuse the LVH with the HILTON! This is no longer the HILTON!! I didn't realize this when I made my reservation on Expedia (my mistake). This place is smoky and run down. The first room we were given had broken curtains that would not close. I called the front desk and we were sent to another room several floors down from where we were. This room was clean, but the ceiling had a huge water stain. The carpet also had stains. We kept the Do Not Disturb sign in our door. We didn't trust anyone going in our room. The safe was $13 a day to use!!! What??? That's ridiculous!! We went to the diner cafe place and it is way overpriced!!!! My husband and I split a $11 bacon and cheese omelet...blah! What happened to the cheap Vegas prices?? Not at this place! We also tried the Vince Neil restaurant (see review..NOT recommended!)  Most of the staff working this hotel and casino had no personality or seemed rude!! I ordered a drink at the bar and I was playing video poker. I noticed a bill in front of me, so I asked the bartender if my drink was comped for playing. He picked up the bill and said, "don't you see? what does this say?" RUDE!! The only reason I am giving this place a 2 star is for my winnings of $600, but we do not recommend staying here!
I booked four rooms 01/31/13-02/03/13 at the LVH for my son's 21st birthday. We flew in his sisters and their men for a family party weekend in Vegas. Since my hubby and I were paying, we looked for four reasonably priced rooms. That's how we ended up at the LVH.. . We booked three Premium Rooms (as opposed to a Classic Room) and one Resorts Club room. None of the rooms were as advertised.  . . The hubbyand I got to the hotel first and checked into our Resorts Club room. Unfortunitly, that took a while, even though it was a slow night, since the desk clerk wrote down the wrong room number on our portfolio. Once we called down from a house phone and received the correct room number, we noticed that the room was not as advertised.  The room ws supposed to have plush,spa robes, complimentary water, evening turn down service and a daily newspaper. This room had none of that.  The room was tired, run down and in need of renovation. On the plus side is the Resorts Club Lounge where you can grab coffee, beer and wine and snacks during certain times of the day.. . The kids all arrived at different times and each had difficulties with their Premium Rooms. One of these rooms had a HUGE wet spot in the middle of the bed. Like someone had poured a bootle of water in the middle of a King size bed. They had to call housekeeping to get them a dry bed. ThePremium Room is advertised as having a refridgerator. None of the three rooms had one. Two of these rooms had broken bath  faucets. One broke off in my daughter's hand and she wasn't able to turn off the hot water without help. The other room's bath faucet progressively leaked throughout the four days.. . You can tell just by walking in the lobby that tis is not a fancy hotel in Vegas. No fresh flowers to start with. It used to be so nice...... . . Although I guess we got what we paid for, we won't be back. While much better then a Motel 8, you can find a MUCH nicer hotel in a better location for not too much more money per night..
I stayed at LVH for a week in Jan 2013.  I was extremely disappointed ... pretty dirty (stains on the carpet, food trays with leftovers in the hallway, old fashioned rooms, etc).  The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one is because the big screens in the sports area of the casino was nice and the buffet food was edible.  Also the check in and out process was easy and quick.. . . Other than that, this hotel sucked ... and i wont be back.
Maaaaaan hell naw! We go to check in and there's no valet for people checking in. So we have to park in self parking which is in BFE and deal with all the drunk ratchets on the way.. . We reserve double beds, get there and they don't have any left. They upgrade us to a suite on the top floor...okay cool...thanks. Get to the room and the fuckery continues. GIGANTIC stain in the middle of the floor carpet (I'm a Virgo...don't play that shit...I also got irritated by the crooked painting, but that's not their fault)....go to the bathroom and I swear to God...there's pee and toilet paper floating in the damn toilet!  The fuck?? This is the suite?  . . The suite's decor looks like what ballin must've looked like in the 80's. Pastel colors everywhere, tube tvs, bright turqouise couch. Think the bad guy's spot in The Last Dragon.....see it??? okay that's it! ....The hell? Besides the disgusting state of the room, this shit needs an upgrade on everything.  They just aren't competing. It still baffles me when a hotel in Vegas has tube TVs in it. A clock radio with an aux cable that doesn't work, etc. . . Pros: In regards to the suite.... double balconies...even though the one off the master was shared with the neighbors....and....jet tub I guess... In regards to the hotel....the wine bar? I mean everything else was pretty damn wack. . . We got a really good deal on our room so...I guess I should of known better....but pee in the toilet? ??? Really??? Never coming back. F U LVH!
This is simply a sad little hotel. My husband & I stayed here during a convention we attended, as it sits right up against the convention center itself. It has fallen far from the previous owner's standards (The Hilton). Long story short: Its upkeep (desperately needs fresh renovations), cheap vibe (Example:$13.99/day for internet service),  and lack of coherent marketing theme left me uninspired. Las Vegas is so larger than life with its man-made vibrancy, yet The LVH failed to remotely capture this imagination. If you're serious about experiencing Las Vegas' one-of-a-kind atmosphere, then do yourself a favor and pass this hotel by.
I came to Las Vegas Hotel after having issues with my initial reservation at another hotel during a very busy week where it was impossible to find a room anywhere in Las Vegas. Luckily LVH had a room for me. When I checked in, i looked around the hotel casino and lobby and you can tell the hotel is old. The shops are very 1970s/80s.Not a bad thing, just not what I'm used to seeing. . . Now this is where my feelings were instantly crushed, As i opened the door to my room and saw the disaster that awaited me. Dusty carpets that I refuse to walk barefoot on. The bathroom had broken and chipped tiles throughout the floors and walls. There was rust around the old tub. I didn't want to picture myself showering in it. The color of the rooms decor was very unappealing. There was a lot of that dark orange/ brown color happening. . The next morning, I spoke to the front desk and mentioned the condition of my room. The front desk staff concurred that some of the rooms conditions are old so she offered me one of there remodeled rooms for an additional $20 a night. I accepted and moved my things to the remodeled room. My new room made a world of difference. Completely new bathroom, no rust, no dust, cleaner carpets, my view was worse but I couldn't care less after witnessing that scary bathroom in my first room. If you stay at LVH, ask for a remodeled room. It's worth it and similar to Venetian standards. . . Customer service is off and on here. Some employees are nice and some are very rude. The front desk staff doesn't smile much either. . . The fortuna cafe night staff were awesome. The hot chocolate here was yummy.  Not sure of the two girls names that work here but could have been Kim or something close to that. They were great! The morning staff were  the complete opposite. Rude, letting customers get in front  of customers ahead in line, causing unneeded commotion between customers . The morning staff all spoke in Spanish which seemed as gossip since there were many unhappy customers. A quick note to the Morning staff at Fortuna , Spanish isn't that hard a language to understand now a days so be watchful of what you're saying ladies. . . My experience with the room service was not good. I ordered a hot chocolate at 10 pm and didn't get it until 11 pm. One hour for hot chocolate must be state of the art cocoa, right? Nope! I waited 1 hour for some brown water which cost me $15.  .  My overall stay at the las vegas hotel was a roller-coaster. Good luck to future LVH guests!
Bathroom was out dated and ugly, They charge your internet WI FI per device - not per room, but dont tell you until you check out and they say "look at fine print". It is not conveniently located.  Casino is basic. LVH is like an aging celebrity who is way past her prime but tries to fool everyone by using lots of make up, overusing botox and wearing a slutty outfit.. . The good parts were - close to mono rail, workers were very nice, no resort fee and free valet parking was super convenient.
Not at all happy with this place. Stains on carpet and bedding. No mini fridge. No coffee maker, or should I say you pay $4.00 a cup for it or a bottle of water. Internet access is $14.00 a day per device.
I'm not a picky person when it comes to hotels. I'd much rather spend my money on food, drink and activities than on an upscale hotel. That said, heres my Pros and Cons.. . PROS:.   * Although not on The Strip, the Monorail made getting there fast & convenient!.   * Had some issues with CC charges after my stay and the operator was very nice!.   * Good value for a hotel in Vegas.   * Clean lobby and casino floor (although did see 1 huge roach crawling up a wall).   * Beds were comfy and theres a flatscreen TV.. . CONS:.   * Rude staff!! If you hate working there, LEAVE?!  From the front desk to the bars and restaurants, no one is friendly.  There is an exception as we visited the front desk and I wish I got his name, he was VERY friendly and helpful.  . .   * Rooms are dated and need sprucing up..   * No hot water the first morning...luke warm the next..   * The coffee in your room is NOT complimentary.  Watch out...$4 for a K cup of watered down, weak coffee. .   * Bathrooms need major cleaning as one room in our group had rusted out areas and mildew along the caulking.  Duct tape holding up lighting..    *Benny Binion would be disappointed that they don't follow his vision of free cocktails while playing slots...only for table gamers.. . In all, this hotel is ok for the price.  If you can look past the rude staff and dingy guest room bathrooms, it will save you some $$ to eat, drink and play on The Strip.
meh!  This place is just ok, if it wasn't for the two free nights offer we would not have stayed here.  This place is a hugemogous 'resort' in desperate need for a rehab.  We upgraded to a deluxe room for $20 per night, decent but nothing fancy.  Our room was big but rather drab, it had a mini fridge , safe and comfy king size bed.  We stayed in the north tower which had convenient parking on the side.  I doubt I would stay here again unless it was free, there are just so many other better off strip options.  One plus, no resort fee.
I have very mixed feelings about this hotel.  I booked an air+hotel deal through vegas.com which came out to under $500 for roundtrip flights from NYC and four nights at LVH, which sounded like a great deal at the time.  However, I recommend you shell out the extra money to get a hotel ON the actual strip, not "just off the strip."  . . The bad:. First, other than the gas station across the street and convention center next door, there is absolutely NOTHING surrounding this place except shady and cheap hotels.  The walk to Encore alone is about a mile, which although doesn't seem like much, sucks because of the Las Vegas heat AND the fact that from there you still have to walk so much to get to where the life is- Venetian, Caesars, Cosmopolitan, etc.  Cabs are so expensive and the group I was with would end up caving and shelling out cab fare every night to get to and from restaurants/shops/clubs and they are not cheap!  The hotel is definitely dated and could use a bit of a facelift, but it isn't terrible.  The food in the hotel is obscenely expensive.  They had a Keurig coffee machine in the room, but it was $4 PER SMALL MEASLY CUP OF COFFEE.  Insane.  I ended up going to the cafe downstairs (called Fortuna) and paying $4.27 for a large coffee.  More bang for my buck I guess.  I'd recommend going across the street to the gas station for coffee, but I got lazy and didn't want to start sweating first thing in the morning.  The hotel also offers a go-green option where you opt out of having your room cleaned in exchange for your choice of either an $8 dining credit or $10 casino credit.  Out of the two days we did that, we got the voucher only once and when I called to complain they would not honor it saying my room "wasn't in the system" for going green, which was complete BS.. . The good:. The rooms were clean and a decent size.  We ate at the Benihana the first night which was good, it was a very big restaurant and the service was good.  There were always cabs outside so it was easy to get one.  There is a monorail station at the hotel too, which we did not use but what's the point when it doesn't service the strip?  We did not use the hotel pool until the last day and to my surprise it wasn't too bad.  The pool was a nice size and the bar had a 2-for-1 happy hour with good drinks and a DJ.
Second time to stay here.  I stayed here one time when it was the Las VEgas Hilton.  Seem like a better hotel then. . . Recent stay was just so so.  The room is comfortable but it is old.  The lower part of the door to the bathroom was all chipped.  When I took a shower the first night there, the shower curtain had ink stains on it.  The following day I left a note for housekeeping to change the shower curtain and they did.  So service is great.  The rooms are comfortable, but the hotel itself, is far from the strip.  . . There was a convention going on during the time we were there.  I wonder what the hotel is like when there is no one around?  . . Parking is free, but it is a walk?  Not bad if you just had a heavy dinner.  For the elderly, it would be tough.      . . Overall, it's ok, but I have other options.
I've been coming to this hotel for the past 15 years (when it was named the Las Vegas Hilton).  I've seen some decline in the hotel over the years.  On my last visit, I noticed the buffet (average quality/above average price) is now closing at 8:00 PM on weekdays.  The SpaceQuest bar (previously a well occupied bar) never opened during the week I was there (Early May/2013). Staff is friendly but somewhat frustrated by the hotel's precarious financial position.  . . The bottom line is this hotel is struggling to compete with the new properties on the strip.  However, the room rates are extremely aggressive (as low as 25.00 per night during the week) and the hotel definitely represents a good value.  The rooms are adequate and clean and I think you will be surprised by the value this hotel is offering.  Are there better places to stay in Vegas?  Certainly... but you will pay a lot more to stay at these other properties.. . A few thing to note: Room service is ridiculously expensive at this property; i.e. $12.50 for Potato chips/$20.00 for breakfast.  Shower head is too low in the shower and motion detector in the bathroom shuts off the lights in the middle of showering (potential safety issue).
Would not recommend.  It is usually a good price due to being off strip, but you are TRAPPED there.  The cabs are virtually non-existent after 5 PM.  Forget going out to a different club or hotel after dark.. . Rooms are pretty nice for the price - elevators seem to be from the 1930's and take forever - stay on the 1st floor if you want to save time.. . Definitely not worth the money unless you don't have much.
so far from the strip... it costs us a minimum of $14 everytime we wanted to go somewhere or back to the hotel. ugh... with all the $$ we spent on the rides... we coulda def. stayed on the strip...
We stayed here over the Labor day weekend as standard rooms in the hotel were available at a reasonable rate even at the last minute, reasons for which would become clear when we actually reached the place - its pretty beat up, dilapidated and run down.. . Checking in took under 10 minutes even though there were tons of people waiting before us so not much to complain here.. . The hotel is a good 12-15 minute leisurely walk to the strip from the hotel with no restaurants immediately outside the hotel apart from an ampm store attached to an arco gas station. We ended up eating most of our meals at the food court of the Riviera which is located on Las Vegas Blvd - this turned out to be a pain with about 20 minutes of walking as we could not take our car due to lack of parking on the strip.. . The self service car park is not directly attached to the hotel but is a good 3-5 minutes walk from the hotel itself which was a pain. . . The hotel itself is very run down. Right of the bat the lever for the shower in the room was locked so tight that we were not able to get it to budge and had to call someone from maintenance to get it to move. Then it would not turn off and water kept dripping into the tub making a noise the entire day. When we complained, maintenance came and just tightened the lever back to the tight position rather than fixing the problem which meant another call to maintenance when we wanted to use the shower. Water in the sink would not drain normally and took almost 45 minutes to seep out slowly which gave a gross feeling. The air conditioning unit did not have a proper thermostat for control but only allowed for setting the fan speed from low to high which had no effect on the cooling it was hot during the day and chilled during night. On the second day all of a sudden the room refused to let me in with my key and then it was a treck down to the reception to get another key and guess what that also refused to work so it was back down to the reception where they simply apologized and gave me another key, but by now I knew what to expect and refused to budge till they called security to escort me to the room as it was my third trip. The people at the reception did not think that was required but I stood my ground - finally I'm sure you would have guessed by now that the key did not work even the third time and security had to override the lock to let me in and call the locksmith to have that fixed. So overall was not a very comfortable stay. . . Cleaning is done between 9-10 a.m. and if you skip that you can get a $8 coupon to be used in the casino or for some food but you need to call and let them know the night before. . . They provide water bottles and coffee in the room ($4 each) which I liked specially the coffee as there is no place to grab that near the hotel early in the morning.. . Overall this would not be my first choice when selecting a hotel near the strip and I would prefer the Stratosphere, but it was not terrible considering that we got it at the last minute during peak time at a reasonable rate.
I came here with low expectations because of the yelp reviews. This place isn't bad if you just need a place to sleep and you're out for most of the day. If you're looking for a nice place to stay in and relax, I'd consider elsewhere.. . We booked here because it  was one of the cheaper and better options for EDC. It's off the strip but we wouldn't be spending much time on the strip anyway. My bf did the $20 bill trick and it got us a room with a King sized bed in the East Tower with a view of the gold course and the Stratosphere. I think the rooms in the East Tower are the newer rooms which was technically the deal that we got for the $20. The room is clean and the furniture is sufficient for what we needed to rest. The hotel has an option that if you didn't want housekeeping, they can credit you $8.00 to spend in the hotel stores or $10.00 for slot play. Not a bad deal for going green.. . The only set backs of the place is that the walls are pretty thin. We heard people talking and people could hear us talking. The guy next door was playing some pretty loud music but good thing it was when we were about to leave. . . The faucet for the shower didn't work and would not stay in place. It was either really hot water or really cold water. . . The hotel itself has a coffee shop and a Pizza Hut, but everything else is pretty dead. There is an empty casino hall and a small are for slot machines. Gambling doesn't seem to be the big thing here. Most people who were staying here were going to the conventions in the Las Vegas Convention Center. Not poppin for the party people.
Overall not great. Although this was the home of Elvis's LV residency, this is more of a family place today. The pool is dirty, and while staying on the 26th floor I had to go down 2 flights of stairs to get ice (my floor and the one below did not have working ice machines). . . The maids barged in each morning of our stay even with the do not disturb sign in the door. And they didn't even supply us with hand soap for the bathroom which I thought was odd.
My husband and I are residence here in Las Vegas and frequent The casinos every other week to do what we call our date night staycations. Overall experience wasn't bad and wasn't good. It was mediocre. The staff was hard to find. Seemed like everyone who worked at the place were extremely unhappy, stressed and not very helpful. The layout was confusing. The pool is located on the 3rd floor, small and gets crowed really quickly to where the see thru water becomes cloudy. Most of the dinning areas are tucked back towards the East exit areas and were pricey except for a cantina owned by Vince Neil from Motley Crue. If you're looking for a decent room with crappy serice, dinning experiences that are pricey and aren't really into the gambling thing then this would be the ideal location. Did I mention they charge for everything in the room including coffee. Come on LVH really? $3.50 for a cup of coffee for a minimum of $40 a night room rate, no free coffee?
well, wifi is not for free. Food sucks. Far from downtown but you can take either monorail or bus.
I'm going to preface this review by saying that I stayed here for a few nights after receiving a special offer for a $22/night rate (plus an $18/night "resort fee" which gets you wifi--for one device--and not a whole heck of a lot else), so consider that the entire trip was done somewhat on the cheap when reading the following.. . In terms of the condition of the hotel and the rooms, it's certainly not dirty or decrepit by any means, but it is aging and is overall rather bland--the owners' unwillingness to put any money into renovations is readily apparent. Look around and you'll see all kinds of remnants--there's an "M" festooning the storefront of the cubic zirconium shop, a relic from Barry Manilow's stint here. And the "Spacequest Casino" and surrounding areas, including the massive entrance to the now-defunct Star Trek Experience, have largely remained as-is, which means there is a huge inexplicably space-themed casino just off the lobby. Oh, and you can still see the enormous Star Trek insignia on the outside of the building when taking the Monorail elsewhere.. . We encountered a number of niggling problems over the course of our stay. We checked in at approximately 11:30 PM on a Sunday night and were told at checkin that room service was 24 hours; indeed, even the screens in the lobby, as well as the menu in the guest directory, all seemed to confirm this. However, a phone call to room service revealed that it in fact ends at midnight. What's more, an attempt to order delivery (via the GrubHub website) resulted in a phone call from the GrubHub management telling us that they can't send delivery drivers to the LVH because (and this is a direct quote) "last time they called the cops on the driver." Apparently the hotel owners are so cheap and money-grubbing that they would rather you starve than order delivery--that, or resort to the late-night "deli" off the sports book which served little more than deep-fried crap from Sysco.. . The nickel-and-diming doesn't stop there. Want to make a coffee in-room? That'll be $3.50, please. Those "complimentary" bottles of water? $4 each (though, in fairness, they only charged us $4 despite the fact that we drank about three of them each over the course of our stay). Want to use the landline with your calling card? That'll be $1. Oh, and want to use the sauna/steam room? That's $20 (per day), on top of your resort fee.. . Housekeeping doesn't seem to give a crap about whether or not you're asleep. Starting at 7 AM on Monday, we heard extremely loud Spanish virtually non-stop through the wall for well over an hour as the housekeepers chatted away with each other while cleaning adjacent rooms. It wasn't exactly something you'd care to wake up to involuntarily.. . As far as creature comforts go, the water pressure in the showers is ridiculously pathetic--indeed, Larry King's urine stream is likely more forceful than the dinky trickle that issued forth from the shower head. Additionally, the water valve in our bathroom wouldn't completely shut off, resulting in dripping that, while not particularly annoying, did seem wasteful. What's more, the "hot" water was really on the low side of warm; I was able to get truly hot water only on the last day of our stay.. . Those are probably the main issues that we encountered. Again, I'm not going to completely pan the place--the beds are comfortable, the rooms are serviceable (especially if you can snag an upgrade), the in-room A/C is ice-cold, the elevators are fast, and the promo rates can't be beat, plus the direct connection to the monorail makes it a snap to get to the Strip. If budget is a concern, this place isn't a terrible choice if you don't mind taking a few lumps.
rude staff except the guy at check in. We opted for go-green (no maid service) . we were supposed to get the $8 credit for that. We never got that and the lady on the phone was rude rude...absolutely ridiculous. . old hotel..resort fees is a joke.
we are staying in the club room which is about 121 a night, discounted price for a group rate. we get to access the club room which is complimentary continental breakfast, snacks, wine & cheese. This is the ONLY perk we got. The cafe was closed on Monday and there isn't anything open late to eat at, we had to go to the RIVIERA which was down the street to get some yummy pub food, btw they had several restaurants open late/24 hours. IF i hadn't paid for the entire week in advanced, I would have changed hotel rooms. We had to pay 13.99/day for internet service and we were here for a WEEK!!!!. In room coffee was $3.50/cup and the water bottle were $4/ bottle which we didn't touch. We brought in a cooler which was a great idea because our fridge was not working. I haven't checked out the ice machine, wondering if they charge for that too. Checking in was horrible, the front desk staff was rude, her name  started with an E and she didn't smile 1 time. I worked for a front desk staff in a Casino before when I was younger and I had a smile stamped on my face no matter what. Don't go here. Unless you want to be right next to the convention center or Golf, it's not worth it.
Well, not what to say about this place. Last time I was here it was the hilton. Nothing really spiffy about it. just a regular casino.. It somewhat depresses me to see the remnants of the "star trek" the experience structure is still around.
Not on the strip but fairly cheap. HUGE casino space but mostly empty. Barely any table games. Pool is just OK. Not much going on at the hotel. Monorail was closed down when we were there so had to take a taxi each time to the strip, not fun. OK room for the price but location and lack of things to do at the actual hotel makes it not very appealing.
Sorry to say this place is taking a nose dive. The quality of rooms are subpar, the gaming is limited, and their buffet was awful. Sadly, LVH is starting to match the Riveria in quality.. . Don't get me started about the moody staff . . .
Pros: Cheap, decent sports book, monorail stops here.. . Cons: Rooms are what you pay for. Pillows are terrible. Rooms starting to show wear. Off the strip, staff appear to hate their jobs, pool isn't heated, a ton of kids (could be pro or con depending on you), but for a couple in their mid 20's, the pool was a circus. Subpar gaming. Lack of any good restaurants. My room had a keurig without any k-cups. You can purchase single k cups in the lobby for an absurd amount of money. And you are given two styrofoam coffee cups wrapped in plastic. They will charge you $3.50 for each cup that goes missing. $4 water bottles in room (typical). Oh and although its cheap, this place has $18 resort fees per day and you are charged a deposit for each night. For example, I'm here 3 nights and I was charged $90 in deposits alone. This is Because they bank on you taking the water, coffee, use the Internet, and need to be able to nickel and dime you. Be aware. . . I won't be staying here again. It's definitely worth a little extra to stay at a nice hotel, even on the strip.
The hotel itself is all right. Old but kept up pretty well. The thing that frustrates me is the hidden fees. Resort fee is stiff and all you get for it is a cheesy coupon book that is mostly useless because it specifies what you must buy in each of its venues. WIFI is included in most of the places I have stayed in that charge a resort fee as well as free inroom coffee. Not here. WIFI is outrageously expensive and inroom coffee is charged by the cup (more than Startbucks). . Plus side,.   bed is comfortable. Monorail right outside the front door that is an easy ride to the strip.. Staff was friendly and helpful
Meh. Stayed here because we won the Priceline lottery (I use "won" very loosely here.) I won't complain about the location, even though it was a long walk to the strip, because I stupidly set the Priceline parameters to include this section.. . The good - we had somewhere to sleep, relatively cheap, with a casino and drinks and food all downstairs. . The guy at the front desk informed us upon arrival that we were near an elevator and moved us to a larger suite that was at the end of a hall for no charge.. . The bad - Resort fee. I know these are common in Vegas, but usually you get something worthwhile for them. Nope. Just a coupon book for overpriced restaurants located in the hotel.. Air conditioner leak in our room. Huge lake in the kitchen that we kept slipping in.. . The ugly - trash behind our bed. Shampoo and conditioner bottles obviously reused and half-full (half-empty?). . May not rely on Priceline for our next trip. Would not have stayed here if I read the reviews first.
When the EMS World Expo comes to the Las Vegas Convention Center, I usually stay at the LVH.  This year marks my last time staying there.   The biggest pro to the LVH is that by going through the hotel and walking across a small alley, you're in the Convention Center.. . The negative is that you have to stay at the LVH.  The entire hotel is dated.  The check-in staff will try to upsell you on a room upgrade.  Go for it, for the refrigerator alone.  (A quick trip to the Target at Flamingo and Maryland will allow you to stock up on beverages and avoid hotel prices for drinks.). . The real downer of my trip is the constant promotions.  I went through the conference organizer who arranged a special rate of $79/night (before the $20 upgrade).  However, Hotels Tonight was continually offering rooms for $25/night.  When I asked the front desk staff about this, they told me I had agreed to the higher rate and there was nothing they could do.  Considering the amount of vacancies the LVH had AND their loss of the Hilton name, I'd be in a bigger hurry to retain the few customers they are getting.
Well- 2 years later and a name change did not improve my review of the  LVH.  WiFi still 13.00! Mc Donald's WiFi is free!!! Hotel smells old and musty. Buffet was cold and tasteless. The only good things were the Noodle Bar and the monorail stop. Last time staying at LVH!
This place has gone down hill since it lost its Hilton brand. . . Basically it feels really worn down, smelly and old. . . I stayed in room 433 and it reminded me of a convalescent home bathroom for senior citizens. With original tile floors and anti slip rubber mats. Definitely not up to Vegas standards by any means.. . Back to smells. In my room it smelled like cigs, sewage, mildew. The variety changes overtime so it makes you think about the filtration or piping in the system. This company needs to revamp its HVAC system. . . I want to thank the housekeeping crew for bringing us a iron replacement since ours broke. I appreciate the prompt service. . . Don't stay here unless you want to walk to CES or SEMA.
I stayed at the LVH at the beginning of the year.  I'd received an awesome deal through my email with the players club card (even though I only use it for the 25% of in all the restaurants).. . With the discounted room, they offered $100 worth of dining vouchers...which were pretty useless, considering the 25% discount locals get with the players card ALWAYS was a better deal.... . The room was huge, and was nice enough, for what amounted to about $60 a night.  The shower sucked, and the bathroom was TINY. . . The bit that bothered me, was that the day of checkout, I noticed that I had a rash all over my body from the cheap detergent that they use to wash the bed clothes.  I had to go spend $20 on lotion to get it to go away. (I have super sensitive skin, but have NEVER had a problem in other hotels...even the run down crappy one in Cali I stayed in at the beginning of this month.). . If you can get a good deal on the room, I'd recommend it.  People were nice enough and it was ok...but ...I can get good deals on better rooms elsewhere.
Positives:. Smoke free section of the casino. Beds are really comfortable. Monorail station at hotel. . Ok now for the review. So we are in town for a convention and wanted to stay a few days extra to enjoy Vegas. Decided to book a few nights at LVH because there was a deal I couldn't pass up on a travel site. So we check in and I ask about an upgrade to a room with a refrigerator and was told that there was the newly updated rooms for $20 extra a night with all these extra features like in room coffee and the requested refrigerator. Then in looking at the site there is not much difference in the $10 extra and $20 extra a night. In room coffee maker, yeah my morning caffeine. Until I pick up the cup and read the lid.... $3.50 per cup used. I can get a venti coffee at Starbucks cheaper. Even the room service coffee was a better deal at 2 cups for $5.75. $18 a day resort fee and I have to pay $3.50 a cup of coffee and can only connect one device to the wifi connection. While I am not a big fan of resort fees, usually don't complain too much when I have coffee, wifi, newspaper, gym etc.However,  the resort fee here doesn't cover much and only seems to be an additional fee to increase their bottom line. Now even with the fee, It was a better price than the other hotels with a price of $38 a night for a Thursday and Friday night with major conventions in town. That being said I don't think I will be staying here again. I am in Vegas twice a year at least for work and think I will stick with the hotels I know and have stayed at many times in the past.
I had always wanted to stay here at the Hilton and we finally did.   I really wanted to LOVE this place with its Vegas History and all.  Ugh.....we have been to much nicer places and will most likely never return.  Where should I start.  Our room was very dated.  The cracked tile in the cramped bathroom looked like it was original and should be replaced.  The beds were so lumpy and only doubles , not queens.  We slept horribly all weekend.  Water pressure was sooooo weak.   The towels felt like sandpaper when you dried off.   This place needs an overhaul and this should be done immediately.  With all the competition in Vegas for rooms.....they need to step it up.  On the one and only plus side.....The coffee shop had a pretty good breakfast.
I have stayed here on and off at the end of August and beginning Sept waiting for my house to close.  I paid the rate they asked except I won a free night from raid the vault.  Besides a line of at least 15 and 3 people working check-in and 4 others just walking around doing nothing.  About 20 minutes later when I came up to the check-in I told the girl I made the reservation for my free room.  She asked do I have a res, said yes and handed her the slip.  Again she asks if I made the reservation, I said yes.  She said all I asked was a question, I gave her my DL and credit card, and she said she needed  a credit card, I told her its with my DL.  She became very rude, assembled everything then said as she handed the voucher for  a free pull of a slot machine, said you know what you do with this (in a tone that it can be shoved up my ass).  . . Checking out I asked why I had fees for Internet, the guy said talk with the casino host, I did the casino host said talk with the desk manager, wound up talking with a supervisor and got the impression nothing would be done, that I don't understand what go's on at check in.. . When I paid for a room service was great, when I won a night they made me feel like a gold digger, very uncomfortable..
Not that bad it was alright. Nothing too special from all the other hotels. Wish the rooms were a bit brighter in color but not like i stayed in the room alot anyways.
The 2nd star is for the convenience of the location - if you're attending/exhibiting at the las vegas convention center, you can walk right into the center inminutes. That's the only plus.. . I don't know where to begin. I'm sitting here in a 19 dollar office chair, i can't hear the tv over the noise of the minifridge (sounds like a helicopter is about to crash into the room) and i just paid 20 dollars and waited an hour for a room service pizza that was served on the plastic tray that they microwaved it on. I went down to meet someone for dinner and a girl tried to steal my phone near the exit to the street. There has been a room service cart down the hall with old food on it for 32 hours. 3/6 lights in my room are operational. I bumped into a wall and dust came out of the ceiling. There's that number of cops that makes you feel like something is wrong instead of feeling safer. The water pressure in the shower is so low it feels like someone is just sweating on you. The mattress looks like a mountain range.. . The staff have all been very helpful and friendly.
I've been to Vegas a thousand times.. And all have been amazing with outstanding customer service.. UNTIL I came to LVH this is place is by far the worst place I been to in Vegas .. This place is horrible it is so bad I forgot I was in Vegas .. WARNING TO ALL STAY AWAY!! Spend a couple more bucks and get yourselves a decent room on the strip.. This was a total nightmare ..
Stayed at LVH for a convention - it is Okay at best.  Room was clean, TV channel quality was poor and food was good.  Would only recommend if you want to stay close to the convention center.  Staff was friendly, but nothing stands out at this hotel except for the proximity to the convention center.  Must be why it is no longer a Hilton
The 2nd star is for the staff being nice but dear god...there has to be a better place to stay! We booked this through the Hotel Tonight app and got a decent rate for a Saturday night. You can tell the place is run down and trying to hang on (which is probably why hilton dropped their name from it). The check in line was long and when we went to get our room our concierge was nice enough to not put us in the room by the elevator "because it is noisy". They were out of king beds (unless we stayed by the elevator) so we took the two double beds. . . So then we walk into our room. The beds are small and lumpy and so sad looking. They are covered with sheets (no comforter). The coffee maker is keurig but it costs $3.50 to open up the cup with all the creamer/coffee grounds/etc so uh no thanks. but the WORST was the carpet! I'm pretty sure someone bashed their head in in that room because there were some suspect spots on the carpet and some totally black spots. IT WAS DISGUSTING. There was no way in heck I was staying in here so I called teh front desk and they said they would send someone up with new keys for us to move to a king bed (somehow they now had one). Points for them sending someone to me and not making me have to go back down. However, it took forever to have the person get there and when they did, they knocked, we answered, and then he had to go chase some guy down the hall because the guy had walked toward him, teh bell hop thought the guy was from our room and said "are these keys for you" and the guy said "yes" and just took them! What the heck? . . He got our keys back and we moved floors to another room (mind you as we were moving, another couple was in teh elevator talking about the pictures they took on their phones to show the front desk so they could switch rooms...so we weren't alone). Our new room was SO MUCH NICER. It had nicer carpet, the king bed was delightful, the coffee was still $3.50 but holy cow we were so much happier. . . The bed was comfy, the room stayed dark and it was quiet all night. Having the monorail there was also an added benefit and made it really easy to stay by the strip in somethign affordable but still have quick access to the strip. It truly is a gamble with this place though and we came to the conclusion that we lucked out with the nice room in the end. I have a feeling the majority of complaints probably don't get that and we were just lucky with timing.... . Be cautious...
The bed was hard and uncomfortable.  I barely slept because I couldn't get comfortable and there was a terrible noise that sounded like a really loud water pump going on.  The hair dryer was MELTED and when I called for a replacement it took so long that we had to leave before it arrived.  It was hanging from the door handle when we got back hours later.  I could smell pot coming from down the hall by our room when we checked in and the only person that seemed to be around was the cleaning lady.  Our smoke free room had such a strong smoke smell that I had a sore throat in the morning.  The water pressure wasn't very good.   There were young men loudly having sprint running races in the hall outside our room in the afternoon. (Not exaggerating, they were literally racing the length of the hall for fun, drunk.)  Parking is a hike to the hotel.. . Good things: the monorail is right there.  Cheaper than most hotel/casinos in the area.  The front desk staff is nice.
Not a very fun place to stay. The place is inexpensive and feels that way, as well. It's a great room if you're just planning to sleep there, and nothing else. It's a place to hold your stuff as you enjoy the rest of your vacation. . . The shows at the LVH are a hit or miss. Raiding the Rock Vault was really fun, as I am a classic rock fan. I also watched a musical here and it was sorta..terrible. Going to conventions here are fun though, a long time ago, I went to the Lee's Liquor Charity Fundraiser, and you can imagine = it was a really great time!! . . I wouldn't rent a room here, it's just a nice place for entertainment.
Stayed here during a work trip.. . Pros:. Walking distance to the LV convention center. Cafe with a variety of food and drinks in lobby!. View from higher floors. . Cons. Omg this place is SO DIRTY. The bathroom was disgusting. My shower head was broken, the drain didn't work, used shampoo/soap in shower. Stains everywhere on the carpet . Rude staff. I've had better service at chinese restaurants!! At least they give me delicious cheap chinese food. You give me dirty hotel rooms!!. DID I SAY THE ROOMS ARE FILTHY? I had a room change, still dirty...
The room was nice, HOWEVER, when we looked at the air intake filters.  I have never seen ones as bad as theses.  No where to post the photos I took.
I will not stay here again!! They tried to over charge me,lied about the food coupon and locked me out the room after I paid more for my room! They salon is awfuuuuul!! Well at least they by the monorail
Couldn't cheek in until almost 9pm.  Had to leave my bags at the bell desk for hours. Got to the room after event.  Remote didn't work. Woke up to get ready for meetings an no hot water. Took cold shower..called to get water and remote fixed... The operator was rude.  Housekeeping tried to convince me I didn't leave water running. I finally convinced her to send maintenance. Went to meetings and when I got back found remote and water fixed along with a note saying they fixed it.   It is very convenient to be so close to meetings and convention but don't think I will stay here again.  By the way, I am paying $179 per night plus taxes etc.
Stayed at this hotel on a business trip.. While I like the easy access to public transportation (monorail), and the fact that there's lots of entertainment options nearby (dining, casino, shopping-- lots of it in the hotel itself!), the hotel room conditions were HORRIBLE.. . I went to take a shower, only to discover that the shower curtain was covered in mold. It was very obvious and had a distinct odor. I had to call housekeeping twice to get it removed. . . Everything in the room was in rough shape--the faucets and toilets were all cracked, and the bed's headboard was broken and falling apart.. . The curtains/drapery were my sticking point. Whoever stayed in that room last did a number on them--they were broken, and off the automatic track. As such, they were stuck open and could not be closed. It took five calls to housekeeping/maintenance to get them to fix it...they just kept saying they would notify the "engineers" that I had called again.. It was horrible having to hide in the corner of the room so I wasn't exposed while changing, not to mention that having daylight in the room at 5 a.m. was not an enjoyable experience. . . I have never complained about a hotel before, as I'm usually easy to please. If it's clean and has a bed and privacy, I'm good. This place couldn't even offer me basic comforts.
I would like to amend my review, since i wrote it from the first of two rooms that i stayed in at the LVH. My wife and daughter came from los angeles halfway into this business trip since she has family in the henderson area. I realized i couldn't expect my wife and child to stay in this room, so i went downstairs and asked if i could upgrade my room. When they answered that i was already in an upgraded room, i briefly died from choking back laughter, and then asked to be upgraded to a suite, which was an extra 55 dollars a night, and this was the experience:. . There's no fridge, there was one in the cheaper room. The emergency exit sign is a laminated sheet of printer paper literally screwed into the wall. There appears to have been a shootout at some point in history based on the location of several large carpet stains located at the door, sliding window, corner, and foot of the bed. I thought someone was jackhammering outside the room until i found that the noise was coming from the air conditioner. The 3" of dust covering the air filter did little to dampen the sound. The shower was awesome, huge and had like 14 shower heads, which dispense either an arctic ice blast or hot magma straight from the center of the earth at your choosing. I left an expensive photo tripod in the room, on the middle of the bed, but the hotel and the lost and found never found it.. . The staff were still helpful and friendly, and one of them now has a very nice tripod.
