This used to be one of my favorite buffet in Vegas.. but recent experience has been unsatisfactory.  Let's just say the french would be pretty disappointed had they ate at this buffet today.   I seriously remembered the buffet was a lot better before. . . The snow-crab legs were puny, dirty looking, looked very unappetizing I didn't even want to touch it.. The king crab legs were soggy bland didn't taste very good either.. . Other than that everything else was okay (3 star/ mediocre).  I hope they seriously improve this place, it's actually a very good concept - a buffet with a french inspired twist.
What the hell happened?. . I love buffets, and I love Vegas buffets.  My partner and I take them very seriously and actually plan our trip around them. . . Paris Le Village Buffet was always a MUST for breakfast.  . . But in the 4 years or so since I have visited, it has gone WAY down hill.. . In the past, you could try cheeses and pates, freshly baked breads and croissants, crusty quiches,  just an amazing assortment. If you could think of a breakfast dish, it was there -- and it was well made. . . Imagine our disappointment to discover that our beloved buffet has become nothing but a laden trough of processed dishes that taste at best--average.  . . Seriously, it all tasted like it had been bought from Sam's Warehouse. . . I give it two stars since they still have the freshly made crepe station and the service was good, but honestly this is not worth waiting in line for in anyway. . . If you have eaten there before 2007 and remember it being awesome, you are in for an extreme let down.
WOW!! . After returning here 2 years since the last time, what the hell happened?. . I used to rave to people to come here for lunch, and after dropping by here a couple weeks ago, I was deeply disappointed! . . We were here for brunch, and it was about $30/person with unlimited Mimosa. Man, dessert was disappointing too! I didn't feel the $30 justified my brunch! It should've been more like $15!. . Guh, i need to find another lunch buffet I can rave about to my friends. Sad I didn't drop by and try the M buffet!. . Wynn for dinner is still a winner.
If you are looking to eat any kind of meat here, dont even think about it, all you will get is overcooked meat that is tough and tastes like cardboard.  The food was a major fail, however, the only thing that was pleasant was the desserts, crepe station was great!  But we did not pay $30 for a dessert buffet.  If you want a decent buffet, go to Encore or the Bellagio.
Well color me disappointed.. . Did a walk-through of the buffet about a year ago when I was visiting with my mother and it looked promising.  Really.  The only reason we didn't go was her friend didn't want to spend the $30/head to eat dinner there.. . Fast forward to a trip I made with my boyfriend, I insisted we go.. . We stood in line for probably 20 minutes, forked over our cash, and were taken to our seats.. . This is a true buffet - it is just random foods that really having nothing to do with Paris.. . The salad bar looked pretty rough so I skipped it.  Boo.. . I actually couldn't find anything that was really delicious.  I was eating just to fill up as opposed to enjoying and appreciating the food, flavors, presentation.  YES, it is a buffet, I get that, but the food tasted really boring.  Heck, the Orleans buffet blows this one away.  They boasted of their giant crab legs when we were paying (before eating), but the guy in the seafood hut told us they haven't had them in a week.. . The drink lady took forever to come around.  We were finished our first plate by the time she came over.. . I really wanted to love thisplace, so much that I was willing to be pretty forgiving.  But when all was said and done, I found myself apologizing to the boyfriend for having subjected him to it.  O.O
We went here on Sunday for the tail-end of the brunch buffet. We got in line a little bit before 2pm, and finally after about an hour we were finally seated and got to roam the food stations. . . None of the food stood out as particularly amazing, but I'd have to say that the highlights were probably the brie and bacon macaroni and the prime rib. I was in a breakfast mood so I also tried the eggs benedict, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, hash browns, and a crepe. The bacon and sausage were good, but the scrambled eggs were way watery and had a very odd consistency. The eggs benedict was pretty good, but it seemed like it had been sitting out for a while. . . However, we were a bit disappointed when we had been sitting at our table for about 15-20 minutes and our server told us that they had completely run out of champagne. How do you run out of champagne for a champagne brunch? That made absolutely no sense to me. They offered us wine after a while, but I was really looking forward to the champagne....boo. It would have been nice if they had comp'ed us something at least. . . If you do decide to come here, I'd come early so they don't run out of champagne on you. If you're going todo multiple buffets while you're in Vegas i'd probably do this one first, because compared to the other buffets i've been to in Vegas (Mandalay Bay and Bellagio), the quality of the food just wasn't there.
There are so many choices in Las Vegas in it comes to buffet, so you can definitely find some good places if you've done enough research or just visit Yelp.. . Anyway, this buffet restaurant is on my "avoid it" list. And here is why. . . First, it costs $27 per person and there were not much food variety or quality. Some of them were even hard to eat. I visited this buffet on weekend and the only shellfish items I saw was just cold alaska crab legs and they were extremely extremely salty and not fresh. . . Other hot food items were just average and so were their deserts. What really annoyed me were there are some items that they reserved for VIP customers only, and these items are not really special. Chocolate covered strawberry or hot crabs are not something I considered luxury. You can find these items available for everybody at most other buffet joints.
The breakfast buffet at one time was arguably the best in Las Vegas, but it has continued to deteriorate under Harrah's ownership.  My menu included OJ, Lyonnaise potatoes (terrible), strawberries with yogurt, a variety of cheeses, a hard boiled egg Benedict (yuck) and Andouille sausage
Was not impressed with Paris buffet.  I know I am in the minority here, but it really wasn't any better than cruise cuisine.  Just across from the buffet is the crepe place (LaCrepes?) and it was fabulous, and the bakery next door is also wonderful.
I was expecting more from a $30 buffet.  The food was pretty good and the desserts were excellent, but there weren't any entrees that wowed me.  Nothing was bad, but for $30, I expect more than "not bad".
If Paris Casino instructed their staff to take on a French attitude then I guess they were doing a good job because 90% of the staff were a**holes.  . . This review details my experience for the Sunday brunch ($27.99) which I only paid half because I had a BOGO coupon.  . . The Slightly Good:  Prime rib = slightly overcooked.  Crab legs = average, but tasted a day old. AYCD mimosas: after the first mimosa, the refills were champagne in the champagne glass and orange juice in a separate cup.  I'm not sure why I had to make my own.  At least you can take your last glass outside.. . The Bad:  All the breakfast foods.  Seriously, how do you mess up hash browns, scrambled eggs, pancakes, sausages, waffles, etc??  Mostly everything was a little off and my whole party of 9 agreed.  . . Maybe all the food was off because I was here during the transition (brunch) but that's still no excuse.. . I will never be patronizing this place again on my own volition nor recommending this buffet to any friends I like.
$27 for dinner. About 8pm last saturday night there was about an hour wait.. The place was crowded, so much so that it seemed a little dirty, like they couldn't tidy up fast enough. .  . The bad:. The ginger ale tasted extremely watered down.. . The stone crab claws were already cracked somewhat, but I tried a few different ones and was unsuccessful at getting anything OUT of them and also managed to slice my finger open trying. Friend got some of the snow crab legs, but they just looked soggy and aged to me.. . I was excited to see the brie and bacon mac and cheese, but was promptly disappointed by the quality.. . The decent: . The lamb was good and not gamey. Crepe station was pretty neat- long wait, and not Spectacular, but worth it.. . . Overall, I don't remember a darn thing about this food. So very unremarkable.. . and the good: . the reason this place gets 2 stars is the Creme Brulee!!! I lucked out and snagged some, but a friend went to get dessert and came back without, saying the chef was caramelizing the tops and they weren't out yet. I went back to try the remaining desserts and she asked me to pick her up a creme brulee, but they were out again by that time.. . . Caesar's buffet is the same price and I'd recommend that. We had been there 3 weeks prior, about the same time (8pm Saturday night) and there was no wait.
Maybe it was the time of day.. but Lunch time at Le Village buffet was NOT good! I was super disappointed it and I would have given them one star but their dessert was not bad! . . I had a girls trip to Vegas recently and we decided to do the buffets of buffets. We never tried it, no boys were with us.. What the hell! Stuff our faces! haha!. . The dishes were either over cooked or just not tasty. I was so surprised since some people I've talked to said the buffet was good! But what happened? The muscle was over cooked, the duck wasn't tasty, the pasta was just over cooked and not sauced well. I don't know I was just not happy. . . Oh their French Onion soup was good (but serious how can you mess that up?) Their green beans were not even cooked, like they were raw! I don't know. I'm not that picky and usually just find something good at a place but.. ehh! Sorry ya'll!. . Oh I should also say.. The first time I ever tried coming here was in last August and it was packed! We waited for almost two hours and we didn't even move. So we really tried hard to get in here and we did.. Man we should have left like last time!
I'm not much of a fan of buffets so not sure how objective my review can be but I thought the food here was lousy. Nothing sets apart this buffet at Paris Las Vegas from any other run of the mill you can find just about anywhere in Vegas. . . The food was really subpar. I didnt find any traditional french dishes in this buffet. It was your typical buffet garbage. Prime Rib, Crab Legs that looked like they've seen better days, turkey loaf. etc.. Nothing impressive at all. And for close to $27 for the dinner buffet not worth the money. Dont waste your time. . . Best thing about this buffet were the desserts, and even they werent that great.
When Paris opened, this place was the best buffet on the strip. This yearn the food is just a disappointment. Not going to pay $30 for food that you can find everywhere else.
Ok, so going to Vegas, you have to do at least one buffet. However this place should not be on your bucket list.. . Crab legs...yes, prime rib yes....but both were of low quality and the prime rib was super dry. And yah, it's supposed to be a French buffet so they did have some of my macarons, but they were gross and unappealing. They didn't care about the presentation at all with respect to the macarons.. . The food handles were sticky and gross. There's no wet naps or purell nearby. It's like someone purposefully lathered the the food handles with syrup and pretty much played a prank on everyone. Gross, and unattended, and lack of ownership amongst the cleaners and food servers.. . The waitress knows who you are too, ethnicity, etc...so when she saw a bunch of filipinos, she got into Filipino mode. I guess she really wants to provide that awesome customer service, that or she wants a fat tip at the end. Either way, she was pretty attentive. . . It was a Sunday, so champagne was included. They went all out with the Wycliff Jean champagne....whewwww. Mix with the oj and you get the mimosa. Not bad, they even allowed us to keep the bottle to walk aimlessly throughout the casino and along the vegas strip.. . For $30, I would probably invest a little more somewhere else next time. This was more of a cafeteria leftovers like food with mediocre quality instead of the higher more quality food that can be found elsewhere.
This is for the breakfast service - which will run you about $20 a head.  I take it this is a pretty standard price for this kind of thing.. . Well,it's a Vegas buffet.  That means lots of mid- to low-quality food that you can shove into your pie-hole before you head off to dump your hard-earned dollars into the machines specifically designed to take advantage of American's poor mathematical abilities.. . The coffee was good; everything else was kind of average.  The eggs in particular - can SOMEBODY please teach the kitchen how to cook non-runny scrambled eggs?  I mean, I know they're coming out of a carton somewhere, but at least allow them to set a little before serving them.. . They were also very lax on getting the empty stations restocked - there wasn't any smoked salmon out the entire time I was there, and given that it wasn't rush hour or anything that's kind of puzzling.. . Highlights were the potatoes (yum) and the chicken sweet potato sausage (weird, but good!). . The servers were unfailingly polite and friendly, but there weren't enough of them to go around, so I ran out of OJ a lot.. . I wasn't expecting much, and certainly got it.
Average food for around $30.00. The duck and the shrimp were the highlights for me. The button mushrooms were good and the salad bar was a salad bar. Nothing spectacular to warrant the high price. The servers were friendly and attentive, but why are all these places so dark? My girl loved it, but she has rather simple tastes. Sorry honey.
I went for dinner to the buffet. It was $27.99 per person, not including the alcohol pass.. The food was just okay, sure you get as much as your glutenous heart/stomach can desire but a lot of okay isnt as good as just enough of great. With so many options on the strip for dinner $30 per person can get you some pretty amazing meals.. They have a lot of italian and french inspired foods to choose from. Yes they have crab legs, but they are cold and not that big. Also prepare to bring you ingenuity because they dont provide crackers or those handy small forks. Even the roast beef and steak are on the lukewarm side.. The pastas are decent but again the quality of the selection of food is only okay at best.. . Look around for a better quality of food buffet or more than likely an actual restaurant. Plus then you can avoid all the people running into you while your trying to pile your plate high.
Was here for breakfast and was so disappointed.  The wait to get in was bearable... but the 45 minute wait in the Crepe line was ridiculous!. I am only giving it 2 stars for breakfast because I will not eat breakfast there again.  For lunch or dinner I've really never had any problems....
review for breakfast buffett*. for 15.99 it is ok.. they had the usual, eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuits & gravy and other stuff. everything tasted ok. i love their OJ tho, so yummy.. there is nothing special about this place though. if your hungry and with your boys after a night of gambling, come here.. definitely not a place to impress a date with.
We recently went here for a Sunday brunch buffet. There were 4 of us and we had to wait about 15 minutes to be seated. We had all eaten here before and it had been very good.  Not so much now. As we walked around looking for our favorite cheeses, we discovered that they had really cheapened up the cheese tray.  There was no brie, no soft bleu or otherfwise, just some slices of what appeared to be cheddar or havarti.. . Many of the areas were empty and they were not quick to refill. I was excited to finally get a crab leg, but when I cracked it, the smell was so fishy that I chose not to eat it.  . . The Prime Rib was very good and there was a good assortment of vegetables and fruit.. . My husband had a made to order omelette, however, they didn't have any sour cream. The breads were good, not nearly the beautiful dessert buffet with French pastries that they had had in the past.. . The service of the front line staff (hostess, wait staff) was good,   . . Oveall, I was disappointed as I really felt that the quality had gone down hill. I remember when this was the best buffet in all of Vegas, not so much any more.
This was the third buffet within the 24 hours of buffet of buffets. We came for breakfast. Had a fruit crepe, it wasn't that bad, so it was ok.. . I wanted an egg benedict for breakfast so when I got to the station, the egg benedict looked kind of dry not very enticing, against my judgment, I went ahead it got one.. . When I tried to cut the muffin, I couldn't even cut a piece after about ten tries, eventually I gave up, the egg looked very dry, it must have been sitting in the serving pan for who knows howlong, mind you this was only 9:30 AM on Monday morning. I have never had an experience like this not be able to cut a piece of muffin ever.. . So you tell me how good is this buffet suppose to be? Does it deserve 4 or 5 stars rating? I am talking about egg benedict, your daily American common breakfast, how can they mess up so bad, can't even cut a piece of the muffin after ten tries? Even if I go to IHOP and order a egg benedict I know for sure I can cut the muffin and enjoy my egg benedict.. . Base on my egg benedict experience at Le Village Buffet, this restaurant buffet didn't impress me much at all. Otherwise the rest of the common breakfast, scramble eggs and bacons are just like from any regular restaurants.. . Oh by the way, the wife got a green apple, took a bite and threw it away. I asked her why? Apple was not even fresh enough and edible.
Very good selection. However, the food quality, temperature and taste is not worth the calories or money.  The only two items that I can actually recommend being worth while was the crepe station and the prime rib.  Also, we were there for a conference at Bally's/Paris and the food was meh or less for the eight meals that were served.  I wouldn't trust eating there anytime soon at any of their concepts.
Went for dinner at 8:30 on a Saturday night.  $60 for two before tip.  Everything was really picked over and some item were not replaced the entire time we were there.  Service was also really poor.  It has been several years since we had been there.  I think this is really a brunch kind of place and not dinner.
We stayed at the Paris hotel and a few of us wanted quick and fast food that didn't require a dress code.  This was our buffet in our hotel and it was $20 for our lunch meal.. . They really didn't have anything good to eat.  The only place I thought would have been worth my money, was the crepe stand, but the crepes were soggy and moist by the time I got back to my eating area. . . My favorite part of this buffet was the sauteed mushrooms and the onion soup.  Even the prime rib was over done and dry. . . I was so desperate, I went to the pasta stand and asked them to just boil me pasta and I made my own onion, pasta soup. . . I was sad when I left. THEY DIDN'T EVEN HAVE BACON!. . Will not be back, I rather take my buffet experience elsewhere and pay more for quality food.
Maybe I was expecting something different than an average buffet but I was a little disappointed in this. A few years ago my GF went here when she went to LV. She said that this is the place we hadto go because she liked it.. . So we went there and waited in line for over an hour while. I was thinking maybe they'll have something different, you know maybe some thing European. This is just like any other buffet in LV. It has it's meats, noodles and salads. Asian foods are there too so I was a little disappointed with that. All that wait for garbage.. . The best thing they have there is the made to order Crepe station. . . So you wait about an hour to get into this place, empty your wallet than go to the Crepe station where you'll have to wait...in line.. . Great isn't it? Try something else.
For the price your better off going to Bellagio or the Wynn. Paid almost $80for 2 people for Thanksgiving last year (paid for express cause the line was LONG!). Food was below average, only one Turkey carving station, slow service. The line for the craving station was blocking the other food sections. We probably didn't eat half a plate of food. . .  I sent them an email and they refunded my money. Only way I would visit again is if it was comped. Not worth the money when there are so many other great places to eat in Vegas.
Tried this buffet because of the buffet of buffet deals. . . In my opinion, this is probably the smallest of all the buffets. I've tried the majority on the list, but I could be wrong. . . The lines for the crepes were long, the food was okay, and the selection was small. I like to get lost at the buffet, like at the Wynn buffet. . . The line was insanely long for this teeny, tiny buffet. If you have the patience, then you should at least try it once. Otherwise go to the Wynn or M resort. Their selection and food is so much better.
I read reviews (not on yelp) and Le Village consistently ranks very high, after eating here I was left scratching my head and wondering why.  I found that there wasn't anything that they do better than any other buffet.  It just wasn't that good, and several of the items weren't the desired temperature.  There are two things that I really liked about Le Village, they had excellent bread, and the atmosphere is very cool.
Had dinner here on Jan. 4, 2012. Read many reviews before we went that rated this buffet quite highly. I feel compelled to add a review to possibly help others from wasting their time and money and so they can enjoy dinner elsewhere. As noted in other reviews, the setting is very nice. And I would give our waiter 5 stars (Milton was his name I think). Pretty much everything else was awful or average at best. My chair was used so much there was no more cushion in the seat and it was so wobbly I thought it might collapse.  I traded it with another chair at the table and it was in the same condition. Compared to other buffets, the number of food selections are limited. And that wouldn't be such a bad thing if the food was good -- it was poor. Wasn't all that tasty and much of what was supposed to be hot wasn't. The prime rib was the only item I found to be favorable. I was looking forward to excellent desserts and they were extremely disappointing as well. And yet the dinner line was so long that the wife and I opted to pay the additional $10 per person for the line pass and to be seated right away. We did the 24 hour buffet pass. Had breakfast and dinner next door at Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood. It was excellent. Vast selections that were fresh and tasty and the desserts put Village buffet to shame as well -- even their creme brulee was better. And if you like crab legs, while both buffets have them, at Spice Market you can have them hot or cold and the legs are already split for you. Likewise the shrimp are already peeled unlike Village. Oh...and if you like cleanliness you'll enjoy Spice Market more too. At Village they never cleaned the front of the buffet where food would be spilled or dropped. At Spice Market it was done on a continual basis.  If it wasn't for our waiter or the ambiance I would not have even rated this two stars.
50 minute wait around 5 pm. 90+ min wait for people as we left. All the drawbacks of a French  restaurant - long lines, high prices - with none of the quiet dignity, elegance, or ambience. Typical buffet you could have anywhere, with only a few exceptions (good creme brulee, made to order crepes). If you can eat $30 worth of seafood or creme brulee, this MIGHT be a good deal.
Not a lot of selection. The food sucks.
Pros: . Great prime rib. Unlimited Mimosas included. . Cons:. **Waited 1hr 20 minutes in line to get in. **Server Joyce was completely inattentive and didn't stop by NOT ONE SINGLE TIME on her own to check in on us & offer refills . **breakfast items were cold. **crab legs tasted fishey & no drawn butter was available. **stopped serving crab legs about halfway through buffet hours. **bathrooms not tidy
Where to begin?  How about at the beginning.  The organization of the seating/line situation is abhorrent.  It took half an hour for about 25 people to be processed and seated.  There are two problems with solutions right there.  . . One: Suggest to customers buying the 24 hour dining pass (great deal, by the way) that for an upcharge they can bypass the line so as to avoid the lengthier processing line since all they have to do is get scanned.  You make money, we don't get stressed before a meal.  This is a "french" restaurant, right?  The stress should be in the back of the house.. . Two: Maybe have, oh, I don't know, a HOSTESS to seat and a SERVER to fill drinks?  Or have a soda/juice/coffee station for customers to get themselves beverages?  If you trust people to carry their own plates, why not trust them to carry their own cups?  Having a willy-nilly seating arrangement with three or four ladies to seat guests and immediately get them their drinks makes absolutely no sense at all.  . . One more thing in terms of running this shin-dig, and this is not a problem with just Le Village Buffet alone.  WHY.  WHY is breakfast served until 11?  WHY?  This is Vegas, right?  Famous for late nights and breakfast buffets.  So, tell me why you encourage guests to stay up late gambling and then do not reward them for their hard work by allowing them to sleep and get up for a lovely brunch?  Obviously, you should not stop serving breakfast, but perhaps should begin to add lunch items around noon and phase out things like omelets and bacon around that time too.  11 is unacceptable.  What is this, prison?. . And another thing!  What is going ON back there?  With a French theme, I would expect some technically superior food.  Come on, chief!  What are y'all DOing back there?  Southern style corned beef hash, biscuits with gravy, stale bread (bread, of all things!) limp, overcooked pasta, uninspired eggs benedict wherein someone lost control of their hot sauce holding hand, and finally, crepes that were far, FAR too thick.  Wait, also the desserts were badly executed.  Creme brulees were torched like nine hours ago and did not crunch but the custard was good. No finesse, no sense of intention or dedication or grace or communication.  I tasted confusion and lack of organization.  The complete opposite of what I expect from a true french cook.  The best thing there besides the salad bar was the quiche, and I suspect it came frozen out of a package.  Get. It. Together. Chief.  Seriously. . . And management.  Where is your business sense?  Really.
The only thing Le Village has going is its convenient location. This place is sooooo tired you feel like you're dining in the geriatric wing. The servers are indifferent at best; the food is barely adequate; and the place is just a mess, which is just inexcusable. Filthy food trays and trays of dirty utensils are just left in aisles.  The only reason we are there is because the buffet came with our room package.  Otherwise, you"ll never catch me there again.
Came here on a late Sunday morning for brunch. A group of us came at 10:25am and boy oh boy...we got seated at 12:11pm. The line was ridiculously long and the crowd was so boring. Everyone was quiet and tired looking. The only excitement we got in line was when a Brave lady decided to charge her phone at a outlet and she just left it there. We played the "who's goin to steal that iPhone game". She returned 20 minutes later and grabbed her phone. Seriously that . Was the highlight of the wait.. . Decoration: very classy and French like. Everything starts with "Le" something something something... Too hard to pronounce. Lots of old fashion stuff, antiques, paintings, and even the workers. For all the youngsters, if you want a hyped up buffet, just go to wicked spoon or Wynn because this is more like a family buffet.. . Service: out waitress was very nice. She gave us so many drink options but never the champaign menu. She made us feel so young because we are legal to drink but she thought we were all 15 or 16. Why thank you :). . Food: sucks overall . [pros]: . 1. Delicious fruits: fresh and sweet. 2.yummy scrambled eggs with sausages was not too salty and was fluffed just right . 3.chocolate and vanilla custard ice cream was so refreshing. 4.creme brulee was good and very light. 5. nice cold water. 6. French onion soups was salty but not ad bad as Outbacks. Not cheese though. . [cons]:. 1.  only three fruits were offered which were  Pineapples, honeydew, and cantaloupe. 2. Stations were not organized... I didn't know where to start because all the stations have random foods. For instance, the salad bar and fruits were in the middle of the room. Cool. Where's the sushi? Oh it's with the breakfast station. Err okay? Let's go to the breakfast station. Whaat?? They're everywhere! Station 1: egg Benedict with roast beef and prime ribs, station 2: stir fried veggies, mashed potatoes, bread, station 3: scrambled eggs, waffles, sushi, sausages, station 4: fried chicken, crab legs, soup. And there's a section full of desserts.. 3. Egg Benedict: I only ate the egg cuz the muffin was hard as rock and the ham was hard and dry. 4. Sausage smells gross. 5. Sushi rice is super hard . 6. Smoked salmon is super salty. 7. Cookies was rock hard... I can kill someone with then. 8. For a French restaurant, where the hell is my macarons?!. 9. Restroom: only one stall. . 10. Pretty everything was dry and gross. . I'll return once in a while.. But not anytime soon
OMG, how far this place has fallen. Last time I ate here about 5 yrs ago it was great. Now it sucks. Had to wait about 40 min to get in. I give it two stars mostly for the deserts. The flan and creme brulee were great.
Being a buffet, you gotta compare this to other vegas buffets, and I must say I was expecting better after reading some of the reviews.  First impression were the staff who work there to seat you, and none of them looked like they wanted to be there or help you - not a smile, thank you, nary a pleasantry from anyone.  The one drink waiter who did seem amiable was not very attentive in clearing our used plates and checking in on the drinks that we ordered.  But, being a buffet, you can get away with that if the food is special, and I must say, the only thing special here are the crepes. Yes- they are good, and if you've got a hankering, then this is probably the buffet for you. But the rest of the food was, at best, average, and at worst, cold and bland.  Soups were way over-salted, an admission made by the servers themselves! Salad selections were sparse, meats were mediocre. Desserts were tasty.  Maybe it was an off-day for the buffet, but all I can say overall is that I've definitely have had better buffets in Vegas.
I came here November 2011 during Thanksgiving Week. The line was insanely long, but the experience was made better by a girl who was with her boyfriend and was constantly checking me out :-). The food choices are not very vast, they are small by comparison to other buffets.  . The lighting is quite dim overall in the main area.. The one thing I enjoyed was the Mac and Brie Cheese with bits of bacon. Other than that I didn't really enjoy their offerings.. Because I stuffed myself with the mac and cheese, I didn't leave room for dessert, but seeing as how they are a french place, you would think the offerings would be more exotic.
The first time I came here was in 2003. It wasn't that great then, and they've succeeded in keeping it that way. The food isn't that great, but what's really bad is the staff. Unattentive, and slow; especially the hosts and servers. We almost finished our first plate and the drink server never came around. I had to flag down one of their hostesses to get someone to bring us a beverage. When I think about the cost for dinner, I should have stuck to my (still) favorite buffet on the Las Vegas strip - The Spice Market Buffet in Aladdin, oops, I mean Planet Hollywood!. . Save yourself the trouble and avoid Le Village Buffet.
I went there for lunch using the buffet of buffets pass.  The wait to enter was long, so I was hoping that the food will be worth the wait.  Unfortunately, it wasn't.  People seem to be raving about the crepes, but I found them to not be that great.  I had better.  The service (drinks) was slow.  The overall quality of the food is mediocre at best.  The only good thing was the "saumon fume".   As for the quality and selection of their "French" food, they were not anything special.  The buffet at the Wynn has better French selection.
Perhaps being inside the Paris Hotel, the namesake of my favourite city in the world, had me going in with sky-high expectations because DAMN! was I let down... . . I went this past weekend (7.14) around lunch time and let me say I've had better buffets at Hometown! First off the wait to get in was 30-40minutes. Now I understand it's a Saturday and at prime lunching hour so I was fine with that but then to not even be fed a decent meal, well that really grinds my gears! . . Despite it's creative and Disneyland-esque atmosphere the place was a mess. It had a musty weird smell to it and everything just looked so drab. It was really quite disappointing. Thank god we had a fantastic and friendly server. We got up and did the obligatory "tour" before actually grabbing dishes and at the end I was like "is that it?!" For such a hyped up place the selection was lacking. There were several stations with flys buzzing around, children putting their fingers in the food and some items looked like they'd been sitting there all day. And the dessert section, HA!!, what desserts..?! It takes up a large area of the central dining area and so you'd think it'd be packed of different decadent desserts but it was all the same - stuffed with awful brownies, sad looking apple pie, itty bitty bland cookies and the ubiquitous frozen yogurt machines. . . As for the food, well, it wasn't terrible. I had a pretty good crepe and decent roasted potatoes, brussel sprouts and french fries but I mean that's all ordinary food. This place had very little FRENCH about it. I think they need to rethink their branding or expect more customers with unmet expectations....
Came here on a Friday morning, and my bf and I weren't impressed. The buffet has a pretty good selection for breakfast, but the quality was subpar. A lot of things seemed old, such as the smoked salmon that did not look fresh at all.. . They served a variety of sausages--some were good and some were bad. I liked the Andouille sausage. I think this place is known for its crepe station, but after the food I ate, I wasn't in the mood to wait in line for a crepe. I saw an omelette station too.. . There was a line when we got there around 9am, but it moved fairly fast.
I was excited to go the buffet at Paris after having been there years ago and having fond memories of food, food, and more food.. . The place turned out to be sad.  The food had been sitting under heat lamps for too long, the waitress took too long to bring us drinks, the desserts were picked through and melting, and even the waitresses looked sad dressed like wenches.  The only redeeming piece was the crepe maker.. . Next time, I'm going back to the Bellagio or Rio.  No more Le Village.
Definitely not worth the $30 price tag for dinner if you're an outsider (I think Paris hotel guests pay $5 less).  . . There were no particular items which stood out and/or wowed except the crepes.. . If only my buddy and I weren't buzzed and starving we would've went elsewhere.
Not worth the wait or the price. I didn't find many dishes of value and a few things were quite salty.
Food was very disappointing and not good. Definitely will not come back here. Would suggest trying somewhere else. For 31$ a person...even my freakin 10 yr old, omg, really. Only thing i liked was crepe station and the desserts. A 140 bucks for family of four is ridiculous plus variety and selection sucked. Go to Rio...trust me...
Nothing special. I waited in a line for 30 mins for the much appraised crepes line. I got two different kinds the berry one and the banana nutella one. I enjoyed the nutella one more than the berry only because the berry one was way too sweet. . . We made it in at the end of breakfast going into lunch so we got to eat both! eggs were bad............bacon was ok........i liked some of the pastas they had for lunch...the scallopped potatoes were ok...the desserts were not too shabby, some chic was trying to call this cheesecake square..."flan"...i wanted to say something but i held my breath and walked away shaking my head.. . this buffet was ok. the line was long too. if youre in vegas there are always lines at every buffet.... . My husband and I were not impressed with any of the buffets, reading reviews online and recommendations....did not help. maybe we have high expectations? Don't know, if we knew we would of just spent all that money on a high end place and gotten one meal...at least we would of known it was ONE excellent one.
Booradly. Highly disappointing. This review is a bit late as we went here about 6 months ago. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive but the food was mediocre and the variety was lacking.
Fortunately for me, I was saved by another buffet down the strip on my day pass (only reason I'm giving it 2 stars), but this was easily the worst tasting food I had on my vacation.  I did my best to sample everything at the buffet but honestly, everything besides their fresh shrimp and cocktail/horseradish sauce, was not very appetizing and the food did not taste as good as it looked.  . . The atmosphere was fine, but that's not why we're really here, are we?  The meats were dry, vegetables weren't seasoned well, food wasn't served very warm... maybe they staffed the C-team on a Monday?
Very dirty place.. The bussers stroll around with big smelly carts with food leftovers between the tables to collect dirty dishes. DISGUSTING!! . . The food is mediocre at best.
My friend & I had breakfast here last week & I wasn't that impressed. I must say I'm not a fan of eggs, so I can't tell u how good those were. There is a large assortment of them, frm eggs benedict to regular scrambled & several in btwn. There is a crepe section, the selection is pre-set, sort of like ordering a combo at mcdonalds. U ask for a #7 & u get a mozzarella, pesto & tomato crepe, it was pretty good, but not great. They hv a good selection of various potatoes & pastries. The croissants were good, but I wasn't impressed . I have heard good things about it so I expected better. I was especially dissapointed in their restroom, yes there is only 1 women's restroom, not several stalls. It was not clean & the soap dispenser was broken. Really? Not something you'd expect to find at this hotel. Its way too expensive & not worth it. Save some $ & take a shuttle to the Orleans buffet, a huge array of good filling food at a cheap price, generally $7.95-$13.95 or so.
The bread pudding bar and the duck were very good.  The rest of the desserts, the crepes, and other options were slightly below what I'd get at the Golden Corral.  The service was well below average, with long wait times to get something to drink.  The price was $28 with our rewards club discount so I had reasonable expectations but I was dissapointed.  The setting was nice, like we were in a Disney version of a French village.
In the past, Paris had one of the best buffets before Wynn opened. Then, Paris decided to join other resorts...This was where everything fell apart. . . I would have given them about four stars when I was younger, but once buffet of buffets stringed along...they deserve two stars. The quality of food definitely dwindled down.. . First off, service here was excellent as always. Yes our waitress might not refill our apple juices very quickly, but I can't blame her for all the tables she had to deal with. I'm a reasonable person. =]. . Second, I went during breakfast...I only enjoyed eating the "build your own omelet" and crepe station (they rush you, so the crepe is a bit soggy...not like Bacchanal Buffet...patience). The crab legs didn't taste that good either...not fresh. The carving station only had prime rib, ham, and sausage...however there was no one to slice the meat...so everything became dry. The dishes that they displayed didn't look very appetizing...so I didn't even try it. (Didn't want to get sick).. . Lastly, I am sad to say that I wouldn't suggest coming here for breakfast. I haven't came here for awhile for dinner, but if I do...I'll update this...However, it may be awhile...I'm addicted to Bacchanal Buffet now =]. . Note: Unlimited beer, mimosas, and wine for $12.99
There was a time - many years ago - when I really loved this place, and it was considered one of the best on the Strip.  Of course my taste has changed over the years (and the bar for buffets on the strip has been raised much much higher by places like Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan) but even so I think the overall quality of Le Village has really taken a dive.  . . Visually there's an amazing spread of food available including a lot of French dishes you'd never expect to see on a buffet, anywhere.  But flavors were really bland nearly across the board.. . The setting is still cool - in a kitschy, forced kind of way - but overall I don't think I'll go back here anytime soon.
I wanted to oh-la-la this place since its so charming inside.  Faux French chateau lined the walls with trees that looked like birds could fly out, sit on your finger and sing a lullybye with you.  However, all that Cinderella animation sing-a-long came crashing down when I started eating the breakfast buffet.. . Here's my bad experience list:. 1) coffee - wasn't strong enough and they served the cream in a plastic cup.  How tacky is that?. 2) After getting every egg dish out there, I needed my ketchup and hot sauce.  The server never looked our way, never checked on us, and was not able to see my waves of desperation.  Unfortunately, I swiped the bottles away from another table, after the couple left.  Sigh.... 3)  Every egg dish was bad.  Lox scrambled eggs tasted like rotten salmon fishy runny eggs.  Scrambled eggs was just mush.  Eggs Benedict was hard as heck and the hollandaise sauce was not flavorful.  Ham and cheese omlets - bleh again!. 4) Every potato dish was bad.  Hash browns was dry.  Square hash brown was super hard and super dry.  Sliced potato fries was just greasy.. 5) Corn beef hash - wow, this a big ol' greasy spoon. . Okay side:. 6) Bacon - I guess you can't really go wrong with this one. 7) Waffle and maple syrup - it was warm and the syrup was okay. . Good!:. 8) Sour dough toast with strawberry jam. . To top things off, I was never able to get my server to provide me with water.  I was stuck drinking washed out coffee.  I had higher expectations from Paris andit failed me.
I'm not a fan of buffets at all, but decided to join friends to Paris' buffet. Heard it was good for brunch, but we got there for lunch on a Friday. Before noon, the line was fairly long, but it went by pretty quickly. If you have a Total Rewards card, you get $1 off, which equals to about $20 a person. . . We were seated in the back, and our drink orders were taken. Sodas, juices, and coffee is unlimited. The buffet area does look very Disneyland-esque as others had mentioned. Selections varied from salads, meats, French inspired food, and of course, the crepe station. . . Was really dissapointed that there wasn't a vast array of cheeses and breads as I had expected, although towards the end of our stay, they did put out some cheeses, but they were very typical kinds. Most of their food was not flavorful, and choices were limited. My favorite was the ham and cheese quiche, but it was comparable to the frozen ones you can find at Costco. Saved room for the crepes, and they have about 4 sweet choices and 4 savory. The line is usually long and we waited about 20 minutes. Luckily you can choose up to 2, and they make it really quick. . . I seemed to have gotten the crepe maker that didn't really care as I could see him burning the crepes and not paying attention. My sweet crepe had candied walnuts, and my savory had spinach, mushrooms, etc. Can't remember all the ingredients, and he must've forgotten as instead of bechamel, he poured powdered sugar all over the top and had to make it all over again. Both were not memorable at all. . . Overall, we all agreed this place is whatevers, and wouldn't return.
I heard so many good things about this buffet and how delicious the food was, but my recent trip had very little to be desired. My boyfriend and I got in before the dinner rush so we were seated as soon as we arrived, but it took ten minutes for our server to come and take our drink orders. Our drinks were empty the majority of the time, and our plates were stacked on our little table. The food was the most disappointing thing of all - the prime rib was dry and flavorless and there was a very small selection of foods in general. I was hoping for more from the buffet, and I am sad to say that I will never return again.
If it wasn't for the "Le Crepe with Nutella, bananas and hazelnuts," this place would warrant a 1-star rating.  . . Over the many years of having so many people talk about Vegas buffets being the best, I had to try at least once while I was there. I had so many expectations but maybe that's the problem here. . . First off, we were seated almost a block away from the actual food stations. This place really makes you work for the food. The food is sectioned off into several stations based on the courses (appetizers, main and dessert). I always go for the seafood and meats....you figured you get your money's worth that way. Seriously who wants to get full on cheap salads?. . I got a little bit of everything. I'm a dabbler. The meats were salty and dry. The seafood was just okay. I didn't even touch the salads. But their coffee was good. Overall I felt there wasn't much love put into the food. It was all about quantity versus quality while I'd much prefer the latter. There is something about buffets that makes people pile on everything even the food is awful. I am guilty of this but I ended up not eating 80% of what I had on my plate.. . As my evening was not turning out as expected, I decided to try their crepe station. Per recommendation from my friend, I got their nutella, bananas and hazelnuts. I have to say that dish made up for everything else I had before there. It was freshly made infront of me, so how can anyone mess that up? . . Now that all the glitz and glamour is gone.....it would take a lot for me to come back to this place again.
It really wasn't that great.  Went for breakfast. It was dark and crowded. Nothing spectacular. You could get the same food at iHop for much cheaper.
Ohh how they've loss their luster. I came here when the casino first opened and every time I'm back I'm just not pleased with the buffet. The hotel itself and rooms are great, but the buffet may have taken my money for the last time this last visit. I don't know why i keep coming back here always giving them the benefit of the doubt. But this last visit did it for me, im done with Le Village Buffet at Paris. With so many other hotels having great Buffets (eg: Aria, Bellagio, Wynn and even Rio still going strong) their are too many choices too be a sub par buffet especially in Las Vegas.. . . Honorable Mention: Go elsewhere! (unless it's a comp than maybe)
Buffets are not my favorite places to eat anyway but since I was in a group I went with it. . . The food was fine but it just didn't seem like there was all that much variety.  That and the crepe and omlette stations had long lines. . . Our server did really stay on top of keeping our beverages full.
This used to be my favorite buffet but it has changed quite a bit. There wasn't a single item that I felt worth the price paid. More importantly, the service fell several miles short! The woman behind the dessert station was rude and couldn't bother to help anyone. The server wasn't available to bring me my drinks until after I got the second serving. Furthermore, this place had the saddest salad bar I've seen in quite a while.
A few of my friends told me that Le Village Buffet is good, so I went to try it for the first time.  The food was okay, but the service was horrible.  We had a party of 15 and we splitted the party into groups of five so that we wouldn't pay the 17% gratuity.  Not knowing that there were so many different rooms that they sat our 3 tables in three separate rooms.  One of the server was so mean.  They were giving us a hard time.  They could of sat us closer, but they wanted to seat one of our group on the other side of the restaurant.  Glad we didn't pay the 17% gratuity because there was no good service at all..our drinks didn't come until we were almost done with our meal.
I'm a big buffet fan, so naturally I got the Buffet Of Buffet's for my most recent trip to Vegas.  I had heard good things about this place and read the reviews here on yelp.  This was our first stop (for breakfast) and wewere ready to eat!     . . We were seated quickly, there was no line.  Our hostess was a very kind woman.  The waitress wasn't all that great and really didn't do much other than get my party 1 refill (we were there for about an hour). . At first glance it seemed like a clean place, and I had hoped the food would be great.  Sadly...it was not.  My first plate was biscuits and gravy, scrambled eggs, and hash browns.  I also grabbed a small bowl of oatmeal.  . . The overall quality of the food was really bad.  The eggs looked fantastic, however they had no flavor and they were very watered down.  The hash browns were cold, and again had no flavor.  I took one bite of the B&G and that was enough to know that I didn't like it.  The oatmeal I will admit though was pretty much as good as oatmeal can be.   . . I ordered Milk and I was very surprised that they brought me whole milk and that was pretty awesome, the waitress brought me 2 big glasses, I got a refill on 1 and ordered a chocolate milk, I was disappointed with the chocolate milk as that was not whole milk...it also tasted sour.. . I went back to look at the other foods offered, and based off looks alone I wouldn't eat anything else from there other than fruit.  The bacon and sausage looked very undercooked, I have a thing about bacon being cooked crispy, this bacon was floppy and you could see through it, my girlfriend tried both meats and she said it was pretty bad.  I don't recall everything my lady had but she wasn't happy with it.   We left after that. . . So for me, the only good thing about this buffet I liked was the Milk, Oatmeal, and Fruit.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone at least not for breakfast, though if they can't make breakfast I can't depend on them to make anything else. I gave it a 2 for the way the place looked, and for the high quality milk.
I didn't enjoy the experience of going to Le Village, and I wouldn't go again. . . The Wait: The line took 43 minutes and at peak dinner time. Caesars Bacchanal took us 25 minutes at peak time. . . The Price: $33 with tax per person at dinner time. They did have a $13 with tax option for unlimited wine or beer, but we didn't go for that. . . The Seating: They seated us in a small room where you couldn't enjoy much of the Parisian atmosphere that was the main reason we wanted to try Le Village. I asked the waiter if we could move to one of the small empty tables and he actually started laughing. It was very unprofessional. . . So I asked a manager if we could have one of the empty tables for two rather than the one for four that we were seated at in a small room off to the side. She said no -- and that that those tables were for members of Total Rewards Platinum or whatever the higher categories are. Seriously, this is a buffet not a fancy restaurant. And there were empty tables everywhere and we had to sit in a small room where you can't see anything. We just wanted to see the Parisian themes and the buffet itself. Denied. . . The Seafood: They had crab legs but they were very salty. They were not as good as at Caesars, Bellagio, or Aria buffet. All those three others had raw oysters, and Le VIllage didn't. The shrimp at Le Village were very small and not worth the time. They did have good cooked mussels. . . The Meats: OK.  . . The Service: WORST of the ones I mentioned above. The don't seem to care as much about giving good service. Even asked to have a manager call me so I could make some suggestions and never heard back. That says a lot.
The Positive: Crepes.....outstanding crepes!. . The Negative: Can the keep anything, anthing at all warm. It's not really that hard yet this is the only buffet I've ever been to that none of the food was warm.. . Glad I had a Groupon to cut the price down. Without it, doubtful I'll go back.
The only reason this buffet receives 2 stars is simply because of the crepe station. Everything else is mediocre, at best. . . The wait to get into the buffet is at least an hour. As we stood there waiting to be seated, we observed many empty tables. When we were finally sat, the set up for the dining room is very uninviting. We felt like we were placed in a back room. . . The server took our drink order (water and lemonade) and didn't return with our drinks until we were done with our first plates (we had to ask her again for our beverages). . . The choices of food are not presented well. And some of the items were labeled with expiration times. Very tacky. . . However, the crepe station was incredible and delicious. And the crepe chef was extremely nice. . . There are so many other better buffets in Vegas to dine at that are so much more worth your time and money.
I've been here twice and both times I've been dissappointed. $22pp is extremely high for the small breakfast selection. I think $15 is the most they should charge for the quality. I was thinking about the 24hr deal, but they jacked that up to $79 on the weekend. No thanks! My entire family left very unsatisfied. On a positive note, the crepe with the berry mix was very good. . . Check out Studio B at the M. Almost half the price and twice the quality.
Wow. Talk about disappointing!! We tried to go once, but the line was ridiculous, so we tried a different day hoping that it would be mind blowing. It was not!. . BAD: EVERYTHING looked soaked in oil. The veggies were in butter baths. The pastas had pools of oil seeping in where ever you scooped it out. The fish (surprisingly NOT in oil) was so hard my fork couldn't even penetrate the meat. The buffet was slammed packed and I saw them constantly bringing out new food, but that was just as bad as the old stuff. A lot of it looked like it was made ealy in the morning and then stored under a heat lamp until dinner time.. . GOOD: The prime rib was surprisingly good (the horseradish not so much) and the crepes were really good. . . If you get dragged there stick to the savory and sweet crepes. The rest is a disappointment. Or better yet go to the WORLD CARNIVAL BUFFET at the Rio, that one never disappoints..
We waited in line for about 25 minutes to get seated. Well I felt pretty disappointed overall to say the least. The lamb and pork were edible. Can't say as much for the chicken and beef. Kind of sad when the best things on the buffet were the vegetables and dessert. Even then heck I feel as a decent cook I could have done something much more flavorful. For about eighties buck a couple I could have stayed home and made an outrageous gourmet meal. Really can't really recomend this bloated fare to anyone high or low who enjoys buffets.
So the wait was forty five mins in a very long long line at 9:00 in the evening. The hostess was very disconnected from being helpful and welcoming customers. No hello no smile just obviously trying to stay far away from the hostess podium. Then we were finally seated after our super long wait and our waitress didn't welcome us at all and was basically dismissive of us because we came in using a groupon. So all the meats and fish were gamy tasting but the desserts were delicious and the Cesar salad so I have it two stars
Who the heck told me that Paris has the BEST breakfast buffet??? I need to punch you.. . Okay, man who made fresh omelettes to my liking, I liked you.  BUT THAT'S ALL!  I could eat the exact same yummy omelette every morning in a dorm cafeteria, I wouldn't exactly call the omelette at Le Village extra special.. . And the rest!?  Scrambled eggs 10 ways.  Whacksauce!!!!!!!  Crepe station....meh.  And don't be fooled into thinking the pastries are just like France either....they are SO not.. . That'll be $22.99 for the omelette that I liked.  Oh dear!  I would so rather eat a breakfast sandwich at Earl's.  At least I came at 7:30 and didn't have to wait in the hour line that was formed by the time I finished.. . So I didn't exactly pay $22.99, I did the 24 hour buffet pass...And well,  I decided to come back here for lunch to see if it could redeem itself.. . Verdict?  The prime rib was good, but the only excellent item was the creme brulee.. . Overall, the wait here is way too long and the food is not good enough to make up for it.  Not the complete picture but let's just say breakfast and lunch didn't impress me enough to ever try dinner.  COLLECT  $79.97 (breakfast: 22.99, lunch 23.99, and dinner 32.99) and PASS GO. As in, go somewhere else.
Years ago this buffet was very good, now it's just average. The service was very slow and the food bland. There are too many good places to eat in Las Vegas. I would only pick this buffet if it was a comp.
Me and my boyfriend were at the Paris buffet last Sat. night and I want to say that it was horrible, food looked old. The service was horrible, they took forever to get refills. My boyfriend got sick right after he finished eating.. We will never ever go back to that place.
Hostesses are very inefficient causing 50 min wait in line for breakfast at 9:30 a.m. Most items are extremely salty and the quality of food in general is subpar compare to other better known buffets in neighboring casinos. Not worth the wait and money. Drink plenty of water.
I have been to this buffet a few times and the food and service has been great...but today not so much.. . Our waiter was ok...but refused to bring warm crab legs to the table which is one of the perks of being a "diamond member." Finally had to get testy with him and he brought the crab legs. There were no soup bowls for the soup, and that's completely unacceptable at a buffet, keep your dishes stocked people! The food was ok...but seemed to be lacking in the quality I was used too.. . I'm hoping that I just came on a bad day...I may give this place another try, but I was really disappointed in today's experience.
Came here during labor day weekend, and ended up here because all the other buffet had 2 hour waits.  for $38 it was pretty disappointing.  the only descent protein was prime rib, roast turkey which were dismal.  i didn't love the potatoes au gratin either.  who can dislike potatoes.  their mash potatoes had lumps.  the king crab legs were tiny and cold.  the shrimp cocktail was okay.  not a lot of seafood variety at all.  the only descent thing was their crepe - the batter was really nice.  and their creme brulee was really decandent.   if i was patient, i would have gone to Caesars and shelled out $10 more.
I bought a groupon deal and had dinner here on a Sunday night. Came here around 7ish & holy Hera the wait was about 45 min long! When we finally got seated, our server took forever to get our drinks and we had to wait for utensils. Food here is definitely overrated and I honestly did not think I got my money's worth even though I got a "deal" on it. The only good things were prime rib and the crepes. Macaroons were over done and tasted like they were 1+ days old. Everything else was meh & dessert was almost like out of a hometown buffet. I will not be coming back here.
Food was okay and service was okay...the only benefit was booking on opentable so that you didn't have to wait in line.  If you are really hungry and just want okay lots of food then this is your place.
We did the Groupon and made a reservation.. . 15 minute wait with a reservation on a Saturday night.  They said to go ahead and get our food and our drinks (water and wine) would be ready when we came back.  We went to the buffet and then sat down with our loaded-up plates.  It was almost ten minutes before they brought wine and water so our food got a bit cold while we waited.  Almost everything was over-salted.  The wine was basically grape juice flavored.  Definitely a "you get what you pay for" situation. Do not skip the gravy!  The meat is extremely dry.  If you are sensitive to salt, do not go here!  Honestly, the best dish I had was grape leaves.  The prime rib, chicken, and lamb simply weren't good.
The food wasn't anything different from the other buffets at the other casino hotels. I was disappointed with the amount of time it took for the drinks to come. The drinks arrived WAYYYYYY after we finished our meals AND dessert....just as we were about to leave. There isn't enough staff to handle the amount of people they were seating. The poor waitress was pleasant and you could see she was doing the best she can...mgmt should be changed there. . The price is another reason for the poor rating. I'm from NYC so I know how expensive things are but $35 per person for a breakfast???Give me a break. Keep doing that and word of mouth is going to be to head to other destinations for fun. . Irecommend passing on this place!
Went for lunch on a weekday. $25 bucks per person, even our 11 year old, we were really excited for an amazing meal. Thankfully, we were smart and made a reservation using Open Table... otherwise expect to wait in line for a VERY long time.. We were seated and our server was not friendly. Nor did she refill our drinks until we found her and begged for more water and soda.. The food selections were ok, but half of the offerings were empty. The wait for a crepe was 25 mins. There were no bowls for the soup or the custard. The layout was bad too. The food stations were crammed together and there are tables of people eating right next to the lines. Waited for mussels. Waited for crepes. Didn't feel like waiting any longer, so no turkey or roast.. There seemed to be many employees wandering around. They had no sense of urgency. The line was out the door and around the corner, and there were empty tables everywhere!! Excusable.. Now for the highlight of our meal... DESSERT! YUM. Dessert was amazing.. Will we go back? Probably not.
So here's the deal. We came here for breakfast and it wasn't great.. . The service: It was terrible. I could not get a server to refill our waters and orange juice to save my life, and what we were given was warm. I hate warm water, soda, juice, milk, even coffee. I like my drinks ice cold, so that bothered me. . . The food: Eh... it was okay. It was not worth the $25 per person cost, that's for sure.  Several types of eggs and potatoes along with bacon, sausage, mini French toasts, mini pancakes, croissants, muffins, bagels, fruit, etc... is what they had.  I think the only reason to come here and pay this price is if you plan on eating several full plates, which we didn't. We didn't eat that much at all because it was mediocre at best.. . EXCEPTION!!!!! The one exception is I did decide to try a crepe.  I got the #1 which was nutella with bananas, hazelnuts, and whipped cream. Okay, this thing was f*****g Delicious!!  With a capital D. It's the only reason I'm giving the two star rating. However, I'm sure you can find a restaurant that is much cheaper and get a wonderful crepe.. . Also, after we left my boyfriend started feeling really sick and had to make several trips to the bathroom throughout the day. So while the crepes were good we'd never come back due to price, blah food, and the fact that my boyfriend got pretty sick.
Haven't really ever had any issues here but this visit was different.  We had the buffet of buffets pass and I am a diamond member so we always hit the buffets without having to wait in the long lines.  We were sat in the diamond area and didn't realize that they had put platinum on the receipt.  The server was literally at the table when we were sat.. . So we sit, we already ordered our drinks at the entrance counter, went around the entire buffet, I even got a crepe.  Get back to the table and my bestie informs me that the waitress just got our drink order.  While waiting the 12 minutes for our drinks to come back, a hostess starts questioning us about who sat us there and why we were sitting at that table.  I informed her that another hostess sat us here because I was a diamond member, she huffed and puffed and didn't believe me until I showed her my card, that was already on the table, and then started murmuring something about the counter people needing to do their jobs better.. . Our waitress has finally come back with our drinks and cups and started walking off with the coffee.  She said maybe she should stop smoking so much, so either she was taking a smoke break while she was supposed to be getting our drinks or she smokes too much pot and can't handle being a glorified busser.. . The only saving grace on this trip to the buffet was the crepe guys, they were fantastic!
