Most of what I'm writing below has already been mentioned, so its just confirmation from another former guest.  . . PROS:. Location. Price. Entertainment options.. . CONS:. Pretty much everything else including... rooms are very outdated featuring a tube (!) TV, old linens, stained carpeting and upholstery (and I mean tons of stains), dark brown decor, very old/outdated fixtures in the bathroom, wired internet featuring the broken plugs, overwhelming smoke smell even in the non smoking rooms/areas, lack of room comfort in bed and chairs etc. The rooms 'feel' dirty and the bathrooms are definitely rarely given proper attention.. . The top six floors are probably the newest due to the massive fire that broke out in 2008. I stayed on the top floor (not the Hotel 32) and did not experience anything new as it all felt early 2000s.. . The most ironic is that the hotel is named for the Place du Casino in the actual Monte Carlo in Monaco - I've been there and even with that historic building (built in 1858) feels fresher than this hotel. Argh.. . I wish the MGM/Mirage group would realize they can spend a few $ for some facelifts or at least turn the property in to something valuable.
The Monte Carlo - which pretends that it is a businessman/businesswoman's hotel in addition to a casino - has gone downhill.. . Technology in the room is state-of-the art 1996.   No wifi. No HD.  An alarm clock from 1976.. Food and beverage options: watered down drinks.  Nothing that approaches fresh fruit and vegetables amongrestaurant choices.. . Need I go on?. . Exercise gear that is broken for days.. A checkin/checkout system that verges on chaos.  And a "enforcer" in the lobby that berates guests on checkin.. Finally: a management that is clueless and tone deaf when a business customer calls to register complaints.. . And yes- the rooms smell of "old"    If you are in town for business and expect your hotel to provide contemporary guest services, look elsewhere.
Okay, first of all, a friend paid for it, not me, so I'm not sure about the price, but.... . When we got there, getting checked in was a pain in the ass.  There is NO line control at all-my friend got cut in line by two Italians that proceeded to argue the entire bill.  For a half hour.  Finally getting a room, the first room we got had broken glass, used condom wrappers, and used condoms in various odd places.  Telling the desk, we got another room-which had the alarm and lamp wired into the wall (my friend travels with a CPap machine) and that meant a third room.... . Which, if I'd checked, should have been a fourth room.  We got two beds and mine had half the mattress broken.  And, didn't know that until I had gotten in bed that night.  Ugh!. . The hotel claims to have room wi-fi, but I've never seen it.  They have a ethernet cable, at $10/day.  I used the wi-fi down in the food court via McDonalds (neither of the Starbucks they have have wi-fi).. . The hotel restaurant/cafe is poor-I ordered a burger there and the bun was greasy and soggy, the fries were undercooked and they were billing me alcohol prices for a glass of OJ.  The Buffet was poorly organized-I didn't even get to see it-the line was stuck for about 30 minutes or so.. . The only real advantages to the hotel is that it's pretty central to the rest of the hotels on the Strip.  Take that as you will...
My friends and I make a yearly trip to Vegas I was very disappointed with the Monte Carlo! On the upside; The girls at the front desk are friendly and professional, the view was nice, The location could not be better, the restaurants and bars inside were all Amazing (Id recommend Minus *5 ...very COOL experience... and Diablo's Cantina ... the food was very tasty) The food court is also very convenient and offers a decent variety. On the down side the moment you walk in you smell this over powering scent that is similar to that powder women in there 60's and up wear and cigarettes (yuck, definitely not something you want to smell if you're coming back from a night of drinking) the room was to small for two beds, there was no frig or coffee maker, the walls are thin and you can hear everything everyone is doing on bothsides, there was not enough counter space (or maybe that's because there were 5 people in our room) *oops* lol, the "wii-fi" was the worst it kept disconnecting, the hotel is very out dated and could use MAJOR and I mean MAAAAAJOR updating everything thing seemed old except for the flat screen TV, I tried to take a bath and the water kept draining by its self the plug didn't help the water would not stay at a level that covered my body and I'm not big In fact I'm very small it shouldn't have been an issue, the toilette seat was not sturdy and made this loud noise every time we flushed which scared me almost every time, room service/housekeeping took forever and were not friendly, and the hotel is trying to preserve water so they don't change the sheets unless you ask them to what kinda **** is that? I'm all for going green but I just expected more. We stayed at the Luxor in a high price room  for cheaper than what we payed for the Monte Carlo ...again disappointed... also most of the guest and crowd are older not exactly the place to be for the partying all night. . . To wrap it up I would go to the bars and restaurants inside the Monte Carlo but I would not stay there again. (hope this was helpful (first review))
not a fan of the rooms... didn't like the pillows (not fluffy enough), the bathroom (the toilet is kinda scary when it flushes) and the sink was really small... i splashed all over when i was just trying to wash my face because the faucet comes out so far into the sink... and the towels all smelled burnt (maybe because they were place right beneath the heating vent?). . otherwise, the hotel ambiance is pleasant... it not a bad hotel, but i've definitely had better...
I've stayed at Monte Carlo before, but this experience was not that great... . . I don't understand why you can't even bring outside food or drinks into the pool area when they have their own food court in the hotel... I bought a drink and a banana from the Starbucks in the hotel and the pool girl told me no outside food or drinks.... so i brought my drink back to my room then came back down... i totally forgot i had my banana in my bag when i got down to the pool, so she searched my bag and then the same pool girl rudely said, you can't bring that banana in there, so i went to the side and ate it... . .  finally i was in the pool area getting a towel and i asked for2 and a different pool girl said 1 towel per person while the person before me just asked for 4 towels and she gave them to him... it's like be consistent... if you're going to give 1 towel per person then just do that, don't give 1 guest 4 towels and another 1 towel.. . they expect you to buy food and drinks poolside, but you can't even get service... my friends and i waited about an hour for the waitress to come to us... my friend had to ask her twice and he also asked if there was another place we could order from and of course there wasn't... so we got tired of waiting almost 2 hours without service that we just packed up and left the pool area.... . another incident i had in the pool area was another guest and his daughter were coming in as i was leaving and the same pool girl at the entrance told them they couldn't being a stinking bottled of water into the pool area... it's like what the heck, it's just a bottled water?!?!?!. . all in all, if you're gonna stay at the Monte Carlo for the pool area... don't do it, it's not worth it... i don't think I'd stay here again because the reason why i go to Vegas is for the pool, the nightlife, and the gambling and since the pool area sucks then this hotel is out of the question....
Normally, I write big, long reviews, even on "meh" places. The Monte Carlo was so thoroughly  "meh" that I'm just going to give the Cliffs Notes version.. . Huge lines to check in. Took over half an hour. Only half the desks were staffed. The desk staff were very nice and very professional, though.. . What kind of a hotel has a pool area that closes at 6 PM, and has only one hot tub for a pool area that has a capacity of many, many hundreds? Sure, Las Vegas gets hot... from May through August. The rest of the year (as when I was there, in April), I want to usethe dang hot tub and not cuddle with the scary man in the Speedo next to me.. . 6 PM. What a total joke. I'm sure you want me on the casino floor, but sometimes, I just want to sit in the pool or the hot tub. Jeez.. . We booked a room with a king bed, got up there to find two queens. After an eight-hour drive down, too exhausted to wait in that stupid line again to get it fixed, so we spent our anniversary getaway in separate beds. Awesome.. . No wifi? $20 daily hotel fee (thinly veiled Internet charge)? Boo. Boo boo boo.. . Toilets flush like airplane toilets but even more noisily and ferociously. Shouldn't weird me out, but it did.. . Water got hot fast. That was nice. Shower heads were low, though.. . They don't use covers on their comforters, just a sheet on top and bottom, so of course that doesn't stay more than one night. Annoying.. . Location is great, of course. It's on the strip, after all.. . Our room was pretty quiet. Nice.. . Restaurants and shops didn't attract me for even a moment. Neither did any of their in-house shows. Bummer. Good thing we had a car.. . In all, a blah stay--it was everything we did outside the hotel that made it a great vacation.. . I'm still bugged about the pool hours. Enough that coupled with everything else, I will never, ever go back.
I stayed here once and will never again step foot in here!  Huge lines to check in, mediocre rooms, smells very smokey.  In the room, you can hear every time your neighbor flushes the toilet.... . i went with a group of girls... bathroom was kinda weird... HUGE room with sink and shower, then separate toilet area.  Would have been more helpful to have the shower and toilet separate from the sink/mirror area to better help everyone tryin to get ready... but oh well... that's juss my take on it... we have no shame in front of each other so you can imagine everyones convo in and outta the shower lol.. . . Not many restaurants i even care to remember... so no ver memorable all around... I recommend another hotel over this one anyday!
Work event brought me here for a week. The other recent reviews from guests are spot on. . . Downstairs: Valet was prompt and accommodating. The lobby was clean and pretty. Registration was prompt. I asked for a room with morning sun, and none of the three desk reps knew if the room they were giving me would meet my request. (Turns out the room faced north west. Boo.) . . The elevator access from the lobby is easy - and you don't have to trek through the casino. This is a great plus for me. . . Upstairs: The 19th floor was showing it's age. The wall paper was peeling in the hallway, and you could see many patched areas in the wall where they changed the art, but didn't bother taking it any farther. . . Once in the room, it appeared clean and had recently been cleaned. I know this because the carpet was wet. When I called down to inquire if there was anything special I should know (and to quiet my active imagination), the front desk said it was indeed cleaned and should be dry "by morning." Huh. Lucky me! . . The bed and pillows were comfortable and clean. The drapes were falling off of the track and the shower curtain rod was coming out of the wall.  Towels were dingy and had several had holes.. . I love the comment the other reviewer left about the shower. What is with that spray of needles?! (I'm awake, already, I'm awake!) . . This place was in DESPERATE NEED of an update. . . PS...One more thing.  The walls are realllly thin.  In case you were wondering, my neighbors had a good time.
The Monte Carlo was an average to below average hotel in my opinion. the rooms were relatively nice, but the whole place just seemed second rate. . . ROOM: The beds were pretty comfortable, but when we asked for more towels for our room, it took the staff 30 mins to bring them up. . . POOL: sounded so cool in the descriptions, yet when we arrived, looking for a relaxing time and a pina colada by the pool, all we found were dirty frat boys drunk off their asses at 4pm. The first thing we saw was a girl being half carried out of the area by two security guards because she was so wasted. And the bumping house music was really annoying. My friends and I are no old ladies either, we're three early 20 somethings, but I'm sorry, but when I want to go to a club, I'll go to a club, not a hotel pool. Even the hot tub smelled like beer, and no one in it at that moment was drinking. GROSS. . . BRUNCH: 21.99 all you can eat? I'm in! After a crazy "only in vegas" night, my friend and I ran down to the brunch, only to be greeted by a long, snaking, disneyland-ish line to pay. The brunch really had EVERYTHING (normal breakfast fare, crab legs, sushi, chinese food..) but all of it was vaguely average and slightly questionable. The only good things we ate were the scrambled eggs and the biscuits. everything else was blehh. especially the french toast and the omelets from the omelet station! Very disappointing as we were hungover and really looking forward to a good sobering brunch. . . I wouldnt recommend someone stay at Monte Carlo, but if necessary I would stay there again. I would probably choose another hotel to stay in next time though. . . one thing i didnt like was that you had to pay a "resort fee" of $13.00 so you could use the gym/internet. But we DIDNT use either soooooo, waste of money. . . But we still had a fab night in vegas.
Lets see...crowded, LOUD, too many rules (some I can understand for safety), but common'...let us bring in bottled water...our own rafts if it's small, and if you don't allow alcohol in the wave pool when theirs no waves...you should shouldn't allow it at all.. . Someone threw up in the wave pool today, so that made the lazy river a SUPER LAZY river into a still pool, you couldn't even move.... . They should limit how much alcohol a person gets there was stuff going on out there that kids should not see..... . And the food..it was average...too crowded, not like it used to be...too loud, the DJ was blasting it today..I always liked this pool b/c it was relaxing, but now it's just like the rest REHAB, BARE etc..trying someplace else tmrw.... . PEACE MONTE CARLO!
Shell out extra money for a better, newer hotel on the strip. It's worth it. . . We paid extra to have a nicer room that looked onto the strip.  Unfortunately, the bathtub didn't drain so we were standing in dirty water, the towels smelled like burnt waffles and syrup, the wallpaper was falling off the walls, the safe didn't work, the carpet was really nasty, and I had to pay $17 for sunblock at the pool. . . The only good things are the location on the strip, the Chinese restaurant downstairs, and the lazy river. Unfortunately, the lazy river was in the Aria's shadow...literally. . . Sorry Monte Carlo, but it's time for a reno or a demo.
This Casino is old. I really needs a remodel. It is connected to the Tram which you will have to walk to Aria *kind of a long walk* and then from Aria there is a tram to Vdara and Bellagio.
Where I lost most of my money but this review is for the horrible service I was provided. Sure, the Jabbawockeez show wasn't bad and Britney Spears sat a couple rows behind my sister but this place is so grungy and needs to keep up with the architecture. Come see me at the Bellagio!
My friend and I came here for a quick girl's getaway in Vegas. We booked the summer escape package and planned to use most of the offerings.. When we arrived on Thursday night we waited in line for about 10 minutes to check in. The woman that checked us in was super friendly and gave us an upgrade room facing the pool, since there were no more queen non-smoking rooms available. Thumbs up for her!. . We went up to our room, primped and planned to use the 2 for 1 appetizer and free champagne that came with the package, but by the time we got down to the cafe around 10:15, it was closed (What closes at 10PM in Vegas???). . The next day we planned on hanging out by the pool for the whole day floating on the lazy river. We arrived at the pool early and found some seats. By 11:00AM on Friday morning the pool was already really crowded. I recommend arriving early if you want a beach chair. Part of our summer escape package included 2 for 1 raft rentals. When we went up to the rental counter, the guy said they don't do paid rentals anymore and that we needed to buy a raft for $50 we'd get a rental for free. (WHAT? I PAID EXTRA MONEY FOR THIS DEAL AND NOW YOU WANT ME TO PAY ANOTHER $50 FOR A CHEAP RAFT AND RENTAL? THIS IS BAIT AND SWITCH PEOPLE!!!). . The room was clean and plain, but we were in Las Vegas to party, not to sleep! It did the job. I liked the location since it was an easy trek to the city center where all the newer hotels are.  I might consider staying there again, but I will never pay for a package again when they make it so difficult use what you paid for.
it was alright. . . after my 4 hour drive to vegas (i know.. i should've flown) i FINALLY arrived at monte carlo at 2:30 am. I was promptly checked in and I headed over to my room.. . As I was walking.. i noticed a lot of things that should've put up red flags, but I was too damn tired to even take notice of these things.  The hallway became so humid, and there were things everywhere in the hallway, like newspapers from the morning and food from room service.... . Anyway, I go inside my room and I noticed an empty can of beer on the bedside..thing? table? whatever the hell its called.. . then I go into the restroom to find a bag of trash on the countertop and the toilet had shit in it. . . wow monte carlo. where's your cleaning crew at?!. . I went down to the front desk, told them everything, and they gave me a new room immediately and lots of coupons... that I didn't use.  . . the new room was pretty much the same room, except cleaned. . . also. I stayed at the Monte Carlo hotel only because I wanted to see the Jabbawackeez show.  I had purchased meet and greet tickets, and the show was phenomenal. It was the bestshow i have ever seen.. . My only problem was Monte Carlo.  We weren't allowed to snap photos during our meet and greet... we had to purchase their professional photo... which is fine, so long as I get my damn photo with my idols/husbands hahaha.  Meet and greet ended and we were waiting for our photos to get developed so that we could buy them... and then the photographers came back empty handed and said that they had no photos for us and that they were sorry. wtf. . . that such bull. . . anyway, i called to complain the next day and the next time i watch the show, i'll be able to meet them again without having to pay extra for the meet and greet... but seriously, that sucks so much for all those fans that flew from michigan, washington, san francisco to see them. at least i'm a driving distance away.
Eh. . . Booked a flight/ hotel deal through Expedia and it all comes down to this: you get what you pay for. I was expecting a little more from the Monte Carlo. Between complete trash and complete class, this place is just plain mediocre. Not horrible, not great. The staff was helpful enough. The decor is kind of plain. The phone in our room was broken, so it was a hassle just to order a cork screw. . . The biggest let down of them all was the pool. They stop serving alcohol at 6 and it closes at 7. AND you can't walk around in the pool with your drink. I thought we were in Vegas! The day we did spend at the pool wasn't all that bad, but it WAAAS their 4th of July BBQ, so they may have "pulled out the stops". Who knows. . . Overall, for the price and the fact that not much time is actual spent in the room, I'd stay here again. Plus, it's in a central spot on the strip (which is the main reason we picked this place).
I have stayed in a few hotels in Vegas now and I have to say that this one is so far my least favorite. . . From the moment I entered the hotel to the moment I left, the staff was needlessly formal and kind of full of themselves. Which would be somewhat ok if the service and the quality of the hotel reflected appropriately, but it didn't. The room was superficially clean. That means that at first glace, it's nice enough, but if you dig a bit deeper, it's not that nice. For example, there was a long black hair stuck to the shower wall (which definitely wasn't mine or my boy's as we both have short hair) and then I even pulled a long blonde hair out of a "clean" towel.. . The walls are thin. All night I could hear a family in a room to one side of us and what sounded like 10 teenagers in the room to the other side. . . The pillows on the bed drove me crazy. They were all so big that it felt like I had two pillows under my head when it was only one. I ended up loosing all pillows and sleeping without one. Fun times. . . I know a resort fee is kind of the norm in Vegas, but that doesn't make them any less stupid. They cover things that most people aren't going to use, like the gym, and daily newspapers. Oh, and internet. And when they say "internet," they mean a 1ft ethernet cable. That's right. A cable. . . The pool area is nice. They have a wave pool and a lazy river but you have to buy the inner tubes! Seriously? . . At check out, the express checkout (via the TV) was "unavailable." . . Basically, for the price, you can get a way better hotel. Don't bother with the Monte Carlo. I know I won't in the future.
Revisited the Monte Carlo for three days. I remembered my first visit to the Monte Carlo 5 years prior as being a very nice comfortable hotel that lacked that Vegas umph. This time around I had to take off a star. . . First off it took us maybe 40 minutes to check in. Lines were long and they were understaffed. Once checked in we were shocked to see how run down the room was. It was dirty. Dirty towels, dirty tub, and dirty floors. We asked for a new room and right away they sent a bellman to take our bags to our new room. Between waiting in line and changing rooms it took us almost two hours to settle in. . . The room was clean but run down. No glasses to go with the ice buckets which is no big deal as I just called room service to have them delivered but the lack of attention to detail showed me that the Monte Carlo had gone down quality wise. . . Every morning we woke up to dance music at 9am that was being played poolside. Nothing wrong with music by why is a DJ blaring music at 9am? We never were able to sleep-in. Last thing I want to do is party late into the night to be woken up at 9am. . . The only good thing was the price. Priceline offered a 110 dollar a night special that included a free buffet for the both of us every day. . . I would never stay here again. I don't need a posh room but cleanliness and peace and tranquility in your room is a must.
I will never, EVER stay here again. It was the worst hotel experience I've ever had to deal with. . . We got to the room only to realize that someone else had obviously been in there and it was never  cleaned up. The soap was open and the wrapper was on the floor, there was trash in the can, and the person even left his plane ticket from that morning. He must have not liked the room and then switched, but house keeping didn't clean the room in between. . . Then the safe was broken, and so we needed to switch rooms anyway because I had a very expensive camera with me.  Of course they didn't have any rooms left with 2 beds so they told us our only option was to stay in a smoking room that night. Gross! It smelled so bad! And on top of that, my camera didn't end up even fitting in the safe! . . When the bellman brought our bags up to the room, he was very nice at first...I tipped him at the end, and to my surprise - he counted the money right in front of me, snarled and stormed out of the room without a word!!!!! I could NOT believe it! . . Then on top of everything, we called for a few extra towels and another blanket and it took us calling 3 times (and being very nasty the 3rd time around) for them to bring us anything. Finally someone came with 1 blanket and we were told that was "all they had left." You mean to tell me you run a giant hotel on the Las Vegas strip and yet somehow all you have left is ONE blanket in the entire hotel?? REALLY?!. . I could go on, but honestly I am so disgruntled that I don't even want to relive it. The worst part is that upon checking out when we explained everything that happened, they didn't offer us anything. The clerk rummaged through some drawer, said "sorry, we don't have any coupons left" and that was it.
Meeehhhh...... . The location is good not great (it's a little too far down south of the strip for my taste). . The casino and hotel room were nice but drifted more towards simple and sedate. . I guess when I'm in Vegas I want my hotel to have more of a theme and then go balls to the wall to make it happen. Be gaudy, be extravagant be grandiose and bizarre , but have a personality. . The Monte Carlo is adequately modern, clean and geographically sound, overall a "safe bet" by Vegas hotel standards. But who wants to play it safe in Vegas?
Meh.. I've stayed in a number of hotels in Vegas, and we booked this one because of the lazy river and the expected beautiful decor. . . When we got there, we immediately noticed the wonderful aroma that wafted through the hotel. nice. We were pretty sweaty after hiking from the parking garage in the 115 degree Las Vegas weather, and we weren't impressed with their air conditioning. The elevators were downright hot. The check-in was pretty easy and we were given our keys and directions to the room.. . Arriving to the room, we weren't impressed. The view was decent...we could see out to the Hard Rock and M&M store, so that was cool, but the room was just meh. . . The longer we stayed, the more we noticed things falling apart. Our sink wasn't draining, the iron was missing from the closet, and there were about 15 escort business cards in thedrawer next to the bible. We called down to the front desk to ask about wifi, and we were told that they didn't have it. They told us that there was a plug in the room, but it seemed that someone had taken that, too. And we learned later that it wouldn't have worked for a Macbook Air anyway. ugh. . When we went down to the pool, it was really crowded. One of the pools was way too warm to be comfortable in 115 degree Vegas heat. The "lazy river" that we were looking forward to was a circle...really not impressive at all.. . One of the days, we went to the buffet and paid for endless mimosas. Every time we looked around for our waiter to refill our mimosas, he was nowhere to be found. But eventually, we would track him down. When we waved him down for our fourth round, he gave us a dirty look. He was really rude.. . All in all, it was just an average hotel. I can't say that I will be staying here again. There are for better places to stay on the strip that have better amenities and better decor.
Casino is OK. There was a bar there... Sort of at the end of the ice bar. The service there was really bad- never asked us what we wanted. After waitig 19 minutes, we asked for service and waitress was offended and rude.
We try to stay somewhere different every time we go to Vegas and because this time, we only planned to stay one night on our way home from a California trip, I didn't want to spend a lot.. . After searching Kayak, our three choices for decent lodging along with budget pricing was Monte Carlo, Rio or Paris Las Vegas. Both the Rio and Paris Las Vegas had mixed reviews while Monte Carlo seemed to be higher end. So we opted for a strip view room at the Monte Carlo.. . Now first of all, don't be fooled by "strip view." Sure you can see some of the strip however the hotel is not located directly on the strip itself but set back quite a ways. So your view is limited.. . I was also a bit disappointed with the dated room - its furnishings and decor. There was no refrigerator or even an honors bar (money making opportunity here) and the shower fixture was pretty gotty looking. I know I'm being a bit particular here but after staying at the Wynn last year, the Monte Carlo was disappointing. . . The hallway where our room was located (23rd floor) smelt like a skunk had been there. I'm not sure if it was actual skunk or someone smoking some skunk weed in one of the rooms. ;-). . Finally, waiting about 10 minutes for the elevator to finally stop on our floor during check-out time was all but ridiculous. I felt like I was waiting for a theme park ride without the theming or the thrills.. . All that being said, I don't think the Monte Carlo is a bad place for those looking for budget accommodations. I just know I won't be going back because there are much better places to stay for the same price range.. . A positive is that it looks like they have a wonderful pool area including wave pool and lazy river. Due to time's sake, we did not get to experience these but if you have kids in Vegas, looks like a cool place for them.
Great location, looks good from the outside but is a bit dated inside and could use renovations. They charge you an extra $15 a night which covers Internet but they don't even have wireless. Also both my wife and I ended up with bug bites so I'm thinking bed bugs and on checking out I told the front desk and they said they would check it out and call me. They did call later and naturally they said it was clean.. So who knows maybe we got bitten some other place but sure seems suspect.
Hey, I remember these fixtures and these pastel paintings -- my mom decorated our home this way in 1992! Hello not-yet-retro, bleck!. . Everything started off predictably well - the check in service was quick, and the staff was friendly. But all went downhill when the light of day hit my room. . . No WiFi, and the wired in outlet was on the fritz. The room was not properly cleaned before my arrival. Sure, it was surface swept, but not well at all - the remains of a shopping spree's plastic price tags littered the floor between the beds, the toilet seat was wet, and there were strange black smears on two of the pillows and the outer comforter. Partner that up with a suspicious smell to the water, a shower fixture that could decapitate any royal and soaps that left me so dry I immediately peeled two layers of skin in an alligator like fashion and well... it's not tough to see why I wasn't impressed. . . Salvageable moments: the cabana guy lent me an inner tube for free, but he also made me wait a few minutes while he helped people who came after me. Worth getting it for free, because a $10 inner tube rental for a pretty small and bland lazy river would have really made me feel ripped off. And from the tram station, the pool looks pretty - complete with a beach volleyball court! . . For the deal I got, it was almost worth it. $50 a night plus the $15 a night hotel fees, of course. But I think next time I'll remember, you pay for what you get.
I stayed at the Monte Carlo over the 4'th of July weekend and rented a cabana by the pool. I stayed in the jacuzzi suite and it was in need of a deep cleaning, you know that kind of clean where you set the room on fire and remodel it after the ashes settle. Ok so i paid $300 bucks to have a "cabana" by the pool on the fourth of july, When my girlfriend and I were shown our two lawn chairs located 2.5 feet from the kids wave pool, i was angrier than the time she  tricked into attending  Andrew Lloyd Webber's Opera, featuring such hits as: "Don't cry for me argentina". I said to the cute blonde bimbo in the bikini "is this our cabana?" she replied "ummm lemme check, yeah." as if she was wearing an invisible ear piece connected to her manager. . .      At this point i didn't care anymore, I just wanted to catch a buzz and over eat. So the deal is you get the cabana for the day, but you need to eat up at least $300 dollars in food and drink. I asked the girl for a few water's and a few cocktails because it was already broiling hot. Oh man! it was over an hour later, How was i going to spend $300 if i couldn't get a water and a beer an hour? Another waitress walked by and I flagged her down to see if she could check on our drinks, she was gone like a gipsy in the hot vegas sun never to be seen again.. .    Now i know what you are thinking , "well it was the fourth and they were really busy"....."um, no" they weren't busy at all, we were surrounded by empty chairs and splashing little kids in the wave pool. So we eventually got our drinks and quickly finished them because we thought we were going to evaporate on our redneck lawn chairs that were settled on a awkward slope by THE KITTY POOL!!!!!!, Long miserable story, but in the end we complained about the lack of service and received some lame hundred dollar credit for the next time we want to starve for a buzz and some snacks next to the pee pee pool. . .      The kicker is that the waitress tried to take an included gratuity of $80 dollars hahahahah, I didn't even know who she was and she tried to take almost a hundred bucks from me. Her manager called her over right in front of me and my girlfriend, making her peel open that  baby blue fanny pack and fork over the dough!!!! hahaha VICTORY!!! never again Mr. Monte Carlo!!!!
Checked in, went ok, not busy but,  NO FEEDER LINES, just stand in front of any clerk--- ARE YOU KIDDING welcome to the 20th century, very unfair if you get a slow front desk clerk or a problem guest in front of you by accident.  Ok, in your defense, they still do lines this way in Cambodia but thats it, Myramar and Thailand use one line now.    Cmon, wake up management., anyone?. . Went to my room and immediately tried to turn on the TV--nope, nada  Tried to open the curtains, you know, the shear ones, nope totally stuck closed.  Called front desk, handed off  to facilities, was told it would be at least 30-40 minutes to send someone up.  (And they want me to gamble here)  Called front desk supervisor-- he said he would reassign me a new room and my keycard would work, really great, things are looking up.  Ok sir, room is on the same floor xxxxx.  OK, glad I didnt unpack, thanks.  Of course the keycard didnt work, now I am getting a little upset and I havent even lost any money yet..  Called back from phone in hallway.  Security came up and let me in pretty fast, good job security and thanks.  Only problem is I lost a set of earbuds to my i phone going from one room to another.  Checked back twice with security, no luck  Crap, down 35 already.. . Anyway, I think someone looked out for me here.  I gambled at this hotel 6 times and won 6 times, (oops went 2 for 5 at other places). . This hotel is badly datded and really, really needs a makeover.  The prices are ok but for just a little more, you can stay at a nice property.. Please do
Stayed here 3 nites only because I had a conference to attend.  Employees are like robots; they don't give a damn of you are there or not.  Waited over 20 minutes at a BJ Table for someone to accept my MLife card and rate my play.  Poor dealer called management in pit 3 times and each time magement just looked and stayed away from the table.  Would not stay here again; Harrahs and their properties have this place beat.
Hmmmm....not sure of what to thin of this place...... . From the outside, it looks very elegant and classy....beautiful statues and fountain outside and very well kept grounds....... . Inside, the lobby is beautiful and impressive and you catch yourself thinking "WOW, my room must be really something" just by the look of things so far. . . Once inside your room you realize a few things: 1. This room is really no different than most places on the strip and 2. The linens, carpet and room in general is subpar for the amount that we are paying.. . I am not a picky gal....I don't care if my sheets are Egyptian cotton, I don't mind it too much if I only get 400 thread count sheets, and hell, I don't care if they toiletries are designer..... . My towels, comforter and sheers on the windows all had holes, carpet had a cigarette burn (Hmmmm....wasn't this a NON SMOKING ROOM?) and was stained...and I am paying HOW MUCH to stay here?? Are you sure there is not a Motel 6 sign out front and someone left the light on for us?? . . They also have a new policy.....they are going green and therefore, unless you request it (which I am sure if more $$ in their pocket) they will not change your sheets on a daily basis...well I am glad at least that you got rid of my towels!! Maybe I should pack some from home next time I come to Vegas!! . . All in all, its an okay place to stay BUT don't expect a hole bunch!!
This casino is so boring.  There's worse in Vegas, but with the location Monte Carlo has, it should be better.  The only thing this is good for is the tram to Bellagio/CityCenter, if you find yourself starting on the south strip.  Their pub has so much potential, too, but just falls flat.
This got a CSAA 4 diamond... how the heck did that happen?. . Old hotel with a nice facade. But its not as nice as Ceasers,  Aria, and many others.. . Upgraded old holiday inn more like.. Hard beds, stinky pillows, showers that will strip and tear like sandpaper.
First off let me tell you why they didn't get 4 stars. Booked two room connected with view of the strip. First room was connected but sadly no view of strip only of vents on lower part off roof. Room door was open and looked ransacked. Turns out small mistake had been made. Housekeeping had not cleaned the room yet. They apologize d and moved us from the 3rd floor to the 23rd floor but still no view of the strip. Hallways are kinda narrow but all in all. This is a great place to stay. Location, location M&M store, Coca-cola store, Lion exhibit MGM and Shark reef at Mandalay Bay. There's also a CVS near by. I'll be staying here again but will hope for better experience. But like I said great location to bad Circus Circus is on far end of strip.. .
Nothing special about this hotel. The rooms are standard. This is 2-stars as compared to other strip hotels. It's most certainly better than normal hotels in all respects.. Gentlemen, there is no security at the elevator shafts.
Like the location of Monte Carlo, don't really care for the hotel rooms.  The foyer where you wait for check-in is quite nice looking.  It makes you feel like you're staying at a really nice place.  That's about the only nice part of the hotel that I can remember.... . Rooms = Our room was at the end of the hall, right next to the fire alarm exit door.  Standard 2 queen room that had a leaky tub faucet.  I thought the room was bland (nothing special about it at all), the window had a hand print, and I swear to you I want to say I saw blood on the walls.  I already felt dirty.  I don't like outdated, non-decorated rooms... I felt like I was staying at one of those INNs or Motels.. . I will say that if you're drunk, hungry, and like Mc Donalds... you're in luck.  There's a food court downstairs.  I don't remember what time they are open till, but I do remember being there at one point.  . . The hallways are kind of creepy, but that may have just been me.  There was this one time I was leading everyone back to the room... I slid in my room card, but the light kept flashing red.  I knew that we were the very last room next to the fire exit door, but when I looked at the room number it was different - like the numbers had moved around.  I seriously felt like I was in an episode of the Twilight Zone and started freaking out, hahaha... (mind you... yes, I was not sober - just imagine how you would feel).  That's when my friends realized we had just walked down the wrong hallway - each hallway looked exactly the same.. . Yes, the rates are cheaper than other hotels on the strip, but my experience here wasn't up to my standards.  I would possibly give Monte Carlo another try if I was on a super tight budget, other than that... the room they gave me was no bueno.
I wish they had a fridge in the standard room. And I'm lazy to walk the strip and through their long casino before getting to the hotel part. Other than that, everything was just like any standard Vegas hotel room.
Average, not a place to go out of your way to get to.  Work related stay, otherwise would not stay here.
I really wanted to love this hotel but it wasn't so great. It is a four diamond resort and I can see why. Remains of a once luxurious hotel still remain but the rooms could use a little renovation. But here are some pros and cons to staying here;. Pros:. 1. Friendly front desk staff who is willing to answer all your questions.. 2. Taxi stand moved pretty quick.. 3. Convenient tram connecting Monte Carlo to Crystals/Aria and Bellagio.. 4. Close to city center.. 5. Next door to a CVS (incase you forgot something or need meds).. 6. Nice rooms with updated flat screen tvs and Keurig coffee maker with complimentary coffee and water. . 7. Cleaning staff does a great job cleaning your room and bathroom.. Cons:. 1. Cafe service sucks, don't even go there. We went and after waiting over 10 minutes for our waiter to even come say hello we decided to get up and leave. The place was not even busy yet our waiter kept telling us "I'll be right with you" and never came. We ended up going to Denny's across the street which was packed yet we were seated in 10 minutes and were immediately helped by our awesome waitress. . 2. No Internet service on my iPhone through my cell phone provider. Monte Carlo has wi-fi which the shamelessly charge 14.99 for 24 hour period.. 3. Bathrooms need renovation. Gold fixtures are discolored and rusted. Sink drain smelled like sewage and when you turned off the facet the water going down the drain made too much noise. Sounded like a pluming problem. The shower head was horrible with no good water pressure. It seemed to low so tall people beware. After turning off shower, water still came out of the tub faucet.. 4. Walls are paper thin!!! I could clearly hear conversations next door. I was awoken at 5 am but the noisy neighbors next door. There is also a gap underneath the door where noise easily came in. I could also hear conversations going on in the hall. In the bathroom you could also hear people in the bathroom next door. So in other words, noise comes in from all sides of your room.. 5. No blow dryers which was ok for me but could be a problem for others.
Stayed here with 3 rooms for a bachelor party.  Beds are very comfortable and soft.  For the 4 hours of sleep per night it felt amazing.  Rooms are ok, standard cheesy Vegas hotel room.  Water pressure was great in bathroom.  They put us all on the same floor, which was nice.. . Great location on the strip, but check in and check out process were very slow.  you'd think for a hotel with thousands of rooms the front desk would be able to handle the capacity a little better.  Also, the Monte Carlo Cafe in the casino is one of the worst restaurants I have eaten at.. . Overall, not my favorite hotel on the Strip.  If you need a average priced room on the Strip in short notice, then it is definitely a great option.  If you are planning ahead a couple of months, you can get a better hotel at or about the same price.
Good enough for people looking to save on a hotel (if you get below rack rate), while still being on the strip and close to good restaurants and bars. . . Service is mediocre:  long lines at check-in and while waiting to re-issue keys.  . Rooms are fine, but aging. No wireless internet:  Only wired internet is included with the $20 resort fee. Fitness center is decent:  Not at all crowded, while the spa is quite nice with treatment rooms, whirlpool tubs, steam room and sauna.. Good location near the south end of the strip, very close to Aria which has nice restaurants and the cosmopolitan clubs.. Pools:  I found it to be an odd combination of spring break partyers with music thumping in one pool and kids playing with floaty toys in another pool.  Couldn't really determine the target market for the hotel.
1. A worker in the food court tried pulling a fast one by keeping my credit card and giving me another plastic card.                                                              2. Blood on my clean towel. 3. No cofee in our room.                            4. No refrigerator in room.
So usually Monte Carlo is great.. But recently they charge $25 resort fees for Ethernet cable Internet!?. Outrageous.  . Plus they interrupt your 3G with some kind of Internet blockage.. Plus there was puke inside our lamp and they gave us two queens instead of a king.. Tighten it up Monte Carlo!
Not impressed at all! No Wifi internet service in guest rooms. Room service lacked attention to detail and the overall maintenance left something to be desired. Half the lights in the room did not work and the TV was broken. Luckily I was too busy to use the TV. Spend a couple bucks more and stay at the Luxor.. . @ben_freedman
They advertise complimentary Keurig coffee in the rooms but they don't provide cream or sugar. When we asked the housekeeper for some, she asked us to call downstairs. We were told by room service that the hotel does not provide cream free of charge. There was only one styrofoam cup for coffee. The housekeepers were talking very loudly in the hall, starting at 9 am. This used to be a great hotel, won't be staying here again.
This place is nothing special!! . . 1st.   There was no microwave or fridge in the room.. 2nd.  The wi-fi signal was so weak, it was not worth using!!. 3rd.   You get a shot of coffee but no cream or sugar with it and by the time you get    . some, your coffee is cold!!  . 4th. do not plan on eating there!! The food sucks!!
Stayed here for one night recently and it is nothing special. The men's room at the pool had a nauseating stench pouring out of it, the air conditioner in my room didn't work, it took over 40 minutes to check in, the customer service was really lacking, the pillows were the quality of a Motel 6. It is cheap and pretty centrally located, but I would rather spend a little more to have better amenities and services. Also was extremely bothered by the lack of security at the elevators. Won't be back.
I guess it depends on what you are looking for. The price was good. The pool was nice but I didn't use it and it's very well located on the strip. However the paint was peeling in the bathroom and the room in general was very basic and pretty run down. The hallway to my room had large stains on the carpet and the walls were beat up. My recommendation would be to spend an extra $30 a night and take advantage of some of the specials the nicer resorts offer. I will say though the customer service at the Monte Carlo was excellent.
Stayed during the week June 18th through June 22nd. Starting with the good. Stayed on the 23rd floor and had a strip view, it had easy access to aria and Bellagio and the casino wasn't good or bad. The pool area looked nice but was way packed mid week so I couldn't even imagine trying to be down there on the weekend. Price wasn't bad on paper but the Internet cord they provide didn't work, the shower had a ton of mildew, the hallway on our floor was always wet. Really wet. The aroma gives you a headache, I would rather just smell the smoke. My wife and I both cut our feet on the tac strip in the room. I called downstairs to let them know about the issues and told them ahed of time I'm not looking for anything free just giving the info, and they were rude. My family and I will be going back to the MGM as soon as the construction is done.
MONTE CARLO, an awesome name brand.We asked for a non-smoking room and we were sent into a SMOKING ROOM.I noticed that the carpet floor near the window had a minor crack.The room was NOT clean.The hotel was not nice because it is old.I will never stay in this hotel again and this hotel made me wonder why MGM Mirage made horrible hotels and never keep the old ones clean for there customers.Also,MGM's customer service need improvements.Stay at the Monte Carlo if you want a bad stay and want a feel of BARFED OUT EUROPE.This hotel is Sub-standard and below average.. . . Monte Carlo,a great name,and a great disappointment.
The brunch buffet on saturdays is way too pricey for the selection and the quality is simply average. Will not be eating here again.
Two words:  old and outdated.. . Pretty much sums it up.  It's great for cheap table games during the day but other than that it doesn't really lure me to stay there.  It has low ceilings in the gambling area which makes the place REALLY smokey and hard to stay long (for someone who gets migraines).  It really reminds me of how Vegas used to be 20 years ago and has never since updated.. . Plus, I'm sure the real Monte Carlo does not look like this!
I'm a Vegas regular, and thought Monte Carlo was supposed to be one of the nicer hotels ... Not so. Just returned from two nights there, and will not be back to MC. To start I had to change rooms b/c the first room had the carpet along the baseboard completely off the wall - they were nice and quick about changing my room. But, all the rooms need serious updating ... the bathroom was loud (toilet and sink were very loud) and shower was dark and tempramental with hot/cold water. There is no honor bar or refrig in the room, and the surface areas (desk and dresser) are minimal - the furniture was very old and dumpy. The bed and pillows were comfortable - but that was the only decent thing in the room. Oh, and the walls are paper thin ... I could hear the young kids in one adjacent room, and then at 4am I heard the women returning back to the other adjacent room ... and always could hear people in the hall.. . I picked MC partly b/c of the nice pools (lazy river and wave pool), so my minor daughter could have fun. She did ... but I was very uncomfortable in their pool area ... VERY crowded with lounge chairs - you can't move them, and there aren't tables or even ground space to put your bag, and very few "cabana boys/girls" to help you find a spot. Of course the best spots are the premium cabanas, for premium prices ... no thanks. Also, it's very claustrophic with all the buildings surrounding and encroaching on the pool area. And, to top it all off, my t-shirt was taken from my chair! (Thank goodness my ID wasn't taken, but my shirt had been on top of the chair and when I returned from a spin around the river, it was gone. I checked lost and found numerous times, but it never turned up. Tacky ... I thought the clientele would have been better.). . The only highlights were that the food court was decent for families (McDonald's, Rubio's, Sbarro etc.), we didn't have to walk miles to get from self parking to the elevators or pool, and bed was comfortable (when the noise from the hall or adjacent rooms didn't keep me awake). Oh, and they get a decent amount of TV channels including Nickelodeon for my pre-teen daughter. . . Thank goodness I "got a deal" to stay here ... if I'd paid more than $90 a night (with their bogus resort fee) I would be really PO'd. For now, it's just live and learn, and never return.
Just got back today.. 45 minute check in then we had to wait 2 hrs for our rm to be ready.. yes and the front desk put a rush on it. After 2 hrs waiting i got my rm and a compd buffet. We stayed in a spa suite. The view was nice but the room. So not worth being called a suite. Stains everywhere, the floor was wet, carpets dirty. Please don't pay full price for this. I got it for $55 and was worth just that. . 2 stars because of the location, the ease of self parking, and something I really look for is ease of the hotel. Very easy access from Ur room to the casino and a quick walk, and Ur on the strip. I would stay again but not in a suite. O and the buffet was gd because it was free. So not worth the $18 for breakfast.. Great weekend bad customer service
Disappointed with this hotel. Not only was the carpet stained in our room, but there was an ethernet cord and the wifi almost never worked. First of all.... what's an ethernet cord???????? As I'm from Canada it's costly to have my phone on so I do rely on wireless, the ethernet cord basically made my phone an ipod touch. Baring this the front desk, and room service were extremely unhelpful when we were tying to get a cork screw. They wanted to charge us $3 to have the bottle opened, but wouldn't be able to do it for at least 40 minutes. When we asked if there was a faster way they said that we could go to the restaurant to get it opened, but they wouldn't do it either. The check-in process is extremely slow here, I don't think it has ever taken more than a minute to check in at a hotel, but this process took about 5 and the people kept asking the exact same questions. It's in a good location and the staff are friendly, but that's about it.
We stayed at Monte Carlo in mid August for their great pricing and convenient location. Having stayed at many Las Vegas hotels I would say I would stay here again if I needed to be budget conscious, however, not if I was looking for amenities and service. . . We arrived at the hotel a little after 1 in the afternoon and waited in a small line, with no organization what so ever. We had two rooms and asked if they could be next to each other.  She was able to place us across the hall from each other. Perfect! The first room was done and she was charging the second room when my credit card wouldn't process. This didn't make any sense because there was a thousand dollars available and they were only charging $150 for the remaining balance. I proceeded to give her two other cards which she could not process either (which by the way were able to be used every where else for the remainder of the weekend) and finally just had to give her cash to get things over with.  When I got back home after that weekend it turned out she had charged me $800 for the first room.. . One room had a view of the pool and the other room of the parking lot. I choose the one with the pool of course! They have a dj during the day so you can hear music playing but not too loud in the room that you can't sleep in or take a nap.  Decent sized room and a typical bathroom.  Clean and very acceptable, especially for the price.  Luckily, they had a ihome system because we had forgotten speakers for our ipod.  Pretty satisfied for $250 for two nights but then I went to wash my hands and the sink is leaking all over.  I immediately called maintenance and they said they would send someone right up. We needed ice for our drinks so we went to the ice machine and it was broken so we had to go to the next floor.  This ended up being a hassle later in the night when 2 of the other floors ended up being out of ice and we had to visit 4 floors before finally getting some.  No big deal though these things happen.  . . After going out for the night and when we got back to the hotel room the key wasn't working. Which also happened two other times for both rooms... not sure why, it wasn't next to cellphones or credit cards. In fact, one had only been sitting on the dresser and still ended up not working.  Not being able to get into your room when all you want to do is sleep is sure to get you grumpy.  We get back to the room and find out that the sink still hadn't been fixed and when I turned on the shower the shower head was pointed out and sprayed all over the floor. Simple things to keep guest happy that can be changed.. . We went down to the pool and it's a pretty nice atmosphere. The lazy river is all we wanted to do and it's $10 to rent an inner tube or $10 to buy a small or $15 to buy a large. I just bought one incase we were going to come back later.  Although, I'm not sure what I'm going to do with it now... There was lots of families and older couples, not really the place you're going to meet a sexy guy or chick. Overall it was nice and relaxing.. . We didn't gamble at all, though the casino wasn't very happening.  The food court is quick and there is a good variety. The promoters were pushing the lounge, open bar for ladies, we weren't interested though.. . I wasn't disappointed but I wasn't impressed.
I think I had too many expectations. It was a very average hotel. I think for the same price, I would have rather stayed at one of the more elaborately themed hotels. Quick check in and average room. The iHome is convenient for phone charging. The view from the room was horrible (the roof of the parking garage?! yuck). Old windows, the tinted tape was peeling off. Carpet stains and no fridge in the room (I guess that needed to be requested). There was a regular pool, lazy river, wave pool and sand volleyball. The wave pool was too calm and the lazy river as well. The water was extremely dirty and there was trash everywhere. By 5 pm, there was barely any sun in the area as the Mandarin Oriental and Aria blocked the afternoon light. It got cold really quickly. There was a house dj at the pool that made things more exciting. Tube rentals are $10, but there's no room to float. Back inside, there were bouncers pushing the lounge with open bar for ladies. The casino wasn't too packed, not even the Below 5* bar. The shopping area was dull, too. Housekeeping was nice about attending to our requests (such as more towels or coffee). The staff in general was friendly and we didn't have any hiccups. We were misinformedabout the airport shuttle service, which was slightly frustrating. They should at least write the fees on the reservation website if they don't mention it on the phone/during check out. The hotels fees for four drinks was more than the beers themselves, which was ridiculous. This place should NOT be called a resort. It was very small and very disappointing with its amenities and services. Overall it is not a place to return to. Especially for a first time Vegas experience, not someplace I'd go to.
Was due to book into this Hotel but once I saw the rooms I walked straight back out. Haven't been updated in a long time.. . Staff were very polite and helpful but in would not consider staying here.
Upon arrival i noticed the front desk was extremely crowded. I knew we were in for a wait but we never expected to wait soooo long, they definitely need quicker people checking us in.. The only reason I gave this place two stars was because of our awesome bellman. He went above and beyond his duties and grabbed ice for us. ... I think they must have a water problem, shower pressure was horrible!! The worst thing about this hotel which will make me never go back is the pool!! How dare they advertise a lazy river, it should be called the small dirty stream. Water was disgustingly cloudy and beyond crowded because of the size. Come on Monte Carlo fork up the extra money and get better water systems!!!
Stayed at the Monte Carlo this past weekend. Monte Carlo had its positives and negatives but all and all I probably would not stay here again.. . Pros: . -Center of the strip (Near NY, NY, MGM, and Excalibur also Tram to Belliago). -Pool DJ was pretty good.. -Room service was good. . Negatives: . -Requested 1 King, but ended up with 2 queens, room had no frig.. - $20 resort fee a day when amenities like pool closed at 7pm. - rude lobby service.. -too many solicitors for their horrible night club "The Brand" got haggled at least 4 times a day.. -rooms are mediocre restaurants are mediocre.. . If you want to be in the center of everything, I would only choose this for the LOCATION.
stayed here because some friends already booked their trip and we wanted to stay in the same hotel.  I had heard good things from several people and was looking forward to it.   There are 2 good things i can say.   The poker room was a ton of fun and the food at Andre's is exceptional.   Here is what i didnt like. 1. Resort fee.  This is the biggest b.s i have ever come across.  I have never paid this anywhere.   Now it wasnt a surprise because i read about it on yelp but here is the thing.  I never used the internet, pool or gym.  Nor did i even get the newspaper it sayswe are paying for.  This mandatory resort fee is for the birds!  It was 80.00 extra dollars!   I will only come back to play poker.. 2. The pool appears nice and looks like alot of fun.  But it gets no sunlight.  It was freezing down there to the point i didnt want to even be bothered.   . Sorry MC-not again!
Not too bad, my only gripe is that the pool was closed.
Ughhh this hotel needs to remodel their rooms. The bathroom, cabinetries, fittings and bedrooms are very outdated. The showers were probably the worst thing about this place. If you're 6ft tall you probably have dealt with shower heads that are wayyy too low. Monte Carlo is no different. Bottom of the shower head is at 5'9".. . Even though valet and bell service was nice, they were handled separately. So you essentially have to tip 2 people instead of one. Front desk service, on the other hand, was awful.. . What this hotel does have to offer is its great location. Right next to a CVS and very close to the city center. Either way, I probably would try another hotel before I came back to Monte Carlo.
Just returned from my stay here. Not sure on what planet this hotel qualifies as 4-stars, but the hotel sites are terribly mistaken. Maybe it was 4 star when it opened decades ago but certainly not now.. . Gross marks on bathroom ceiling when I arrived. Internet required a hard wire (what is this, 1992?!) and didn't work when I arrived. It was subsequently fixed the next day (replaced the old school modem on the floor), but as a business traveler, this was a big problem. iPod playing alarm clock also didn't work and had to be replaced. . . I had a confirmed and prepaid reservation for a king room and when I got to mine, had 2 queens (for one person). When I called to inquire, was informed that there were none. Beds were not comfortable and I've arrived home in desperate need of a trip to the chiropractor.. . If you're looking for budget friendly and don't care much about where you're sleeping, you may like this play, but for me, this trip was probably the first and last time I will set foot on that property.
My husband and I travel to Las Vegas 3 to 4 times a year from the Seattle area.  We always stay at the Encore and or Wynn.  This time we were meeting friends from TX who were on a tighter budget and they chose to stay at the Monte Carlo, we did not want to stay here but did anyway. . We got a suite and hoped for the best. . The front desk service is great, the lobby is lovely. . BUT the rooms are really run down!  The beds are SO lumpy!  The furniture has cracks in it, paint is peeling, glass is chipped.  . The couch in the suite looked like it was left over from an old 70's party and dropped off at the curb and the monte carlo thought it was a good idea to put it in their rooms.  Gross! . The casino was TERRIBLE!!!  The smoke was SOOO bad and the dealers were some of the RUDEST I have ever ever ever dealt with.  They didnt laugh, they didnt talk and they would hush people and ask people to leave if they were too loud etc.  One lady told a guy to leave her table now!  And he was just trying to make conversation with him.. Dont even get me started on the Cocktail Waitresses.  They were all Grandma Moses and slower than molasses.  It took us 45 minutes to get ONE drink.  So we started ordering two at a time. . We finally had enough after just the FIRST nite in the hotel and we decided to take a cab down to The Encore to gamble.  No smoke, great casino, wonderful dealers, NO kids... heaven!! . We wont ever stay here again.  They need to update this place.  Its just disgusting! . The ONE good thing is that The Cafe had good breakfasts at a reasonable price.  Kind of like a Dennys but nicer and right in the casino.  . And as I said the front desk was great and the room service crew was nice but otherwise AVOID this hotel! . You would be much better staying at the Vdara and or Aria which are newer and cheaper and have better tables, food, dealers and rooms!
Have to agree with many others who don't feel Monte Carlo fits the AAA 4-star ranking the hotel boasts (the rooms don't even have the La Quinta-standard hair driers). We just finished checking in and, though the staff has been friendly, it was frustrating to find out our reserved room with a king bed was not availableand we were put in a room with two queens. Considering we reserved online directly through MC, one would think that we would be guaranteed the room that we reserved and called to check on earlier today. Kind of an immediate 'back-to-earth' event that reminds you you're just another customer, not the 'valued guest' that they try to sell. They said they would move us tomorrow but, now, that gives us one more 'to-do' at the hotel when we would rather be out exploring the area.
This was my first time staying at Monte Carlo. We were in Vegas for a family reunion and the fam wanted to see BlueMan Group. When I looked up Monte Carlo on Orbitz and some of the other travel sites, it showed 4 stars. My BAD for not checking Yelp first!. . We traditionally do not stay in less than 4 stars, especially since this was a family reunion and I wanted it to be nice. I thought "why not stay at Monte Carlo so we can watch the show and not jump from hotel to hotel?". WORST. MISTAKE. EVER. I was so embarrassed. :( It's an MGM resort but definitely not MGM standards.. . We checked in at 2am and were greeted by an agent who couldn't crack a smile if we paid her. Then, we were put in a room that had a broken fire alarm, reeked of plastic, and looked like a Clarion hotel. At 2am, we had to switch rooms only to find issues with the room again. Missing stuff and remotes not working, etc. We were so exhausted it wasn't worth it.. . I checked with the family on the other rooms: there were paintings missing leaving a barren room with holes in the walls and the inside toilet paint had worn off. It was so embarrassing that I had booked this hotel for family.. . The only good thing: it was fairly clean. . . Monte Carlo needs a complete makeover with a new look and should definitely improve the experience. I will not go back again.
Two stars because its right next to diablos and for $20 you can drink all the beer you want from 9-12. Other than that they have no other place open after 11pm to eat. They charge a stupid hidden fee $20 each day resort fee that they could of included in the package that me and my wife reserved for. The pool sucks lots of immature people I've seen a family at the pool side minding their own business and a few people acting inappropriate with no respect or caring who is around. No wifi too.they have a radio where you can sync your iPod in but no wifi wtf?
Everything about Monte Carlo seems dull. The various shades of grays and browns reinforce that. The table layout is okay, but the tables were packed and understaffed. They had cheap entertainment playing good music, but more of a runway model than a dancer. Still seemed lifeless. Think this is a more upscale version of Imperial Palace/Quad.
Old hotel, everything outdated, nothing impressive. It was actually not that memorable. The hotel is set back a little from the street, so you feel like you're never reaching the hotel door. The casino was old and our dealer was a jerk. He assumed no one knew how to play roulette & spoke as if we were children and reminded us when to make bets. Never visiting this hotel/casino again.
I have stayed at several hotels in Vegas, from the Cosmopolitan and Wynn to Harrah's and Circus Circus, but this was probably one of the worst stays. I booked the room through Expedia, and it was very decently priced, or so I thought. It turns out that the Monte Carlo is cheaper than other luxury hotels because they charge you for everything! . . - Waited about 15-20 minutes to check in. Employee was very rude and made an unfunny joke about my last name (I'm Asian). - Friend asked me if they had wifi, employee told her very rudely that she should ask him directly. - Room was decent size. 18th floor, great view of City Center. . - No minifridge (would be an extra charge). - Room safe could only be used if you swiped your credit card. - Room looked older, inconvenient outlet locations, some did not work. - Room lacked lighting. Bathroom was very dark since there was only light near the sink. Shower area was very dark. . - Hotel fee of $20 a day, plus 12% tax on that fee. This is supposed to cover 2 Keurig coffee cups, 2 half size bottle of waters, newspaper, in-room internet (Ethernet, they don't have wifi here), etc. You only get these things if you have the staff come and clean your room.. - The coffee maker was pretty annoying in that it did not recognize the glass cups they provide. They will only recognize coffee mugs. However, when we called the staff, they said we would be charged EXTRA for coffee mugs.. - The room also does not have a corkscrew, so we had to order one for $4.50 plus tax from the hotel. Our $4.86 corkscrew http://i.imgur.com/oIggWgX.jpg. - The bed sheets (http://i.imgur.com/hsa3FTN.jpg), pillowcases (http://i.imgur.com/63A3HJj.jpg), and towels (http://i.imgur.com/W6Oi40d.jpg) had stains. - The carpet did not look vacuumed, as I found many sequins on the floor along with a Victoria Secret price tag. - The walls for the room were VERY thin. I could literally hear every conversation from the neighbors crystal clear. I could even hear their alarm going off at 10 AM. . . Other than that, the casino area was fine, and there was a food court with McDonald's etc which came in handy when we wanted a quick meal. Great central location with easy access to Aria, Bellagio, etc. Overall, I honestly had a better stay at the Circus Circus hotel than here. I expected much more from a hotel with a 4 diamond rating. I wouldn't even put this hotel in the same ranking as the New York New York or the Paris hotel. Would not come here again.
As far as the rooms go, I've stayed in nicer Motel 6's. We got a standard two queen bed room. There is NO WI FI available in the rooms; only in the food court and the business area. Horrible showers! Ours only half way worked. Most of the water came out of the bath tub spout rather than the shower head. . Location is good. Love the tram that is above Aria (attached to monte carlo!) it takes you to the Ballagio in about 5 min.
Noisy hotel.  My room was next to the service area and the noise was from the staff was horrendous through the thin walls.  I called the manager and she just apologized and said she would talk to the staff but nothing changed the following nights.  Most likely the last time I will stay here because I actually like to sleep in hotels I stay in and this one did not cut it.
The first time I visited Vegas was in 2005, and this place was supposed to be some hot stuff. This time around, it is not any more. The place is so run down. The only nice thing about it is the lobby.
Over the past 14 years, I've stayed at this hotel 1, 2 or 3x a year. The past couple years it started to seem that it's not as nice as it once was. I decided to give it one more shot last week for my spring trip to Vegas. . . Disappointing. Had to switch rooms the first night due to construction noise, then our new room was next to a crying baby next door. Walls/doors seem paper thin and you hear everything. First room seemed more up to date than our second room--poor air conditioning, old decor, peeling wallpaper, broken lampshades, sink, etc. Something in the room gave us hives--not sure what would cause an allergic reaction in there.... . When dealing with front desk staff, they were just okay. We checked in at 1am, after waiting in a line a long time, and I had still had to pay a $20 daily resort fee for that day, that I didn't even use the resort. I asked to have the charges taken off--I was told no. I asked why. "Just a policy." Then I asked for a later check out--was told no and I had to pay the stupid resort fee for that day too. What a waste of $40!. . Pool area crowded, pool staff was okay. Not worth the $20 a day "resort fee." . . Monte Carlo disappointed me and after staying here about 25-30 times, you think we'd be treated a little better. Not so much. I won't be staying here again....no loyalty to this hotel.. . The only positive thing I can say is that the cleaning & maintenance people were polite and friendly in the hallways!
This place used to be nice. It's not that great anymore. Rooms are run down, hard to sleep with all the noise in the halls/rooms next door, & staff is just okay. . . And you have to pay a mandatory $20 resort fee each day. This fee gets you 1 K-Cup, 1 small bottle of water, and access to the crowded pool (good luck getting a chair...)/workout center. Not worth it.
The Monte Carlo is somehow easily overlooked.. Sure the location on the strip is ideal, but somehow its tucked a bit back and even though the fountains and design are beautiful from the front, inside its missing its shine.. It needs a serious facelift. Almost likea ghosttown inside, old people, dirty floors, fairly empty, it was missing that Vegas spark. What a shame, I hope they put some money in this place, it could really shine.
The rooms are normal. Furniture needs an upgrade. No closet but 1 armoire. Nice LCD TV with low def picture. Serious? Wired internet which we could not find in the room. Walls are paper thin. You definitely could hear your neighbors and people in the hall. Our bed must have backed up to neighbor's bathroom as every morning we were awaken by their shower. $20 resort fee plus tax on the resort fee. . . Positives: gym was nice, casino was good size and centralized, restaurants\bars were cool, and free tram to Aria and Bellagios. . . Hey Monte Carlo, at a bare minimum, you guys should have HD channels for your HD TV's. Wireless internet included in resort fee would have great too. Add these 2 things and you get 1 more star.
Monte Carlo, why did I choose to stay here?  Must be that it is located right in the middle of the strip, next to Aria and the City Center.  This used to be my wife's favorite hotel in Las Vegas.  Don't ask me why because I honestly don't know.  With many newer and older but better establishments on the strip, there's really no reason to choose Monte Carlo unless you already knew that.... . the POOL has a lazy river!  It's not as long as the ones you might find at MGM, but it is sufficient enough to relax and take a moment away from the busy casino noise.  You can also rental a tube as floating device at the service counter.  But really, that's all the highlights of this hotel, unless you enjoy.... . CHEAP FOOD COURT adjacent to the main elevators.  If I remember correctly, they have Starbucks, McDonald's, Manchu Wok, Rubio's, and Subway.  These are some of the choices that you might not find in other hotels on the strip.  Of course, if you want to drop a few hundred dollars, you can do at the casino, unless you knew to.... . go to ANDRE'S, the fine dinning restaurant of Monte Carlo.  I have not personally tried it, but according to fellow yelpers, it's a traditional french restaurant that's hidden away inside the casino.  When food coma hits, you might just want to passed out anywhere on the casino floor, unless you already have a.... . ROOM at the Monte Carlo, which is nothing spectacular, nothing more a than regular hotel room with regular beds, chairs, and bathroom.  Very regular, but adequate for your nap until the thin walls allow you to hear everything your neighbors do.  That's when you ask yourself, why did I choose.... . Monte Carlo.  Must be its centralized location on the strip.
So disappointed.... If it's just my husband and I, we'd be staying at Bellagio, but when you bring the kids, Monte Carlo used to be our destination of choice in Vegas.  It was never a 5 star destination location, but because it was easy, reasonable, had one of the best pool complexes in Vegas and was good for the family, Not Anymore.. Everything from customer service, to amenities to the property itself is in need of a major over-haul. We had booked two adjoining rooms this time.  When we arrived at 5:00 p.m. on a Friday, we were told no adjoining rooms available.  Wasn't until we escalated our concern to a supervisor did we get the rooms that we had actually requested.  Representative at check- in was rude and lacking in customer service skills...not a great way to start a weekend.. Next, rooms were outdated and worn.  Granted, you don't spend a whole lot of time in your rooms in Vegas, but with so many options these days, would expect better. You are charged a $20 per night resort fee that gets you two Kerurig K-cups, two small bottles of water, access to the overcrowded/loud pool and the gym - what it doesn't cover is Wi-Fi in the rooms - because they don't offer Wi-Fi in the rooms - only wired connection if you can hunt down the cord.  . Walls are paper-thin - you can hear every conversation outside of your room.. Pool was a nightmare...crowded beyond belief....drunks everywhere you turn - ABSOLUTELY not family friendly.  So many drunks in the lazy river had to get kids out before a full lap around.  Very loud at the pool...not a single spot where you could just relax and read  or chill...Also, service at the pool was terrible.  Was dying to eat waited 45 minutes for a waitress..ended up having to get up and find someone myself.. Had dinner at the buffet - food was mediocre at best. (honestly, some of the worst Prime Rib I have every had  - tasted like it was pre-made and rewarmed for serving - no one is our party was ablet o have more than a bite or two of it) Significantly smaller than most other buffets in Vegas and far less crowded.  Would not go back to buffet.. As others have mentioned, there is a food court, but don't fool yourself into thinking it's cheap like the food court at home, this is after-all, Vegas.  A slice of pizza, a dinner salad and a drink was $16.. The only reason I would ever consider staying here again would be 1) the location - prime spot for walking to other attractions locally (especially if you have kids and are willing to pass on the pool, M&M Factory and Coca Cola store are right across the street, movies theaters right across the street and roller coaster at NYNY is next door. 2) the tram to Bellagio...easy access to another prime spot on the strip (on a Saturday night we were able to get to Ceasar's in about 15 minutes.  We were too tired to walk back and were going to take a cab - was told cost on a Saturday night would have been around a $40 cab ride in traffic.  Tram is free  3) easy access - very easy to get on and off of Highway 15 without having to spend much driving time on Las Vegas Blvd.
So disappointed in the Monte Carlo. The hotel itself is beautiful on the outside and the lobby is stunning and is in a great location. Unfortunately the praise ends there. Wifi isn't available on all floors or places despite paying for it as part of the resort fee. The housekeeping staff consistently woke us up at 8.30/9am every day to service the room despite the do not disturb sign. When they did clean the room they left cleaning products in the room, only made one of the beds and didn't replenish the water (again paid for as part of the resort fee). The room we booked wasn't available so instead of an upgrade we were downgraded. Pay the extra cash and stay somewhere nicer.
On a recent visit to Las Vegas, my friends and I decided to stay at the Monte Carlo because it had been recommended to us and we like the location. I would say overall that we had a nice vacation, but we experienced a problem at the end of our stay.. . After we had packed our bags, and just before checking out, I called for a bellman to take our bags down for us. After checking out and driving home, we discovered that a bottle of perfume had been broken in one of our bags. As all we did was go straight from the hotel back to our house, we concluded the bag had most likely been mishandled by the bellman.. . We immediately called the hotel, and a very sympathetic person took our information, and told us he would investigate what happened, as well as what they could do fo us, and get back to us within 72 hours. After waiting for 5 days without a response, I called back to follow up. I was unable to speak to the person who originally helped me, and found that the person with whom I was now speaking had a very unpleasant, almost accusing tone in her voice. . . She informed me that there was nothing that they would be able to do, insisting that the negligence lay with us. We were also advised that the first person with whom we spoke should not have committed to returning our call within 72 hours as this was not their policy.. . Overall I would say that I was disappointed by the fact that they are not willing to do anything about the broken bottle of perfume (which spilled all over an expensive piece of luggage), but even more unsatisfied by the disingenuous manner in which we were treated. It was an unpleasant end to our vacation and I certainly have no plans to revisit the hotel, nor will I recommend it to anyone I know.
It was our first stay in Monte Carlo; we liked the moderate price and the free buffet deal that Expedia threw in. Our check-in experience was smooth, but the room was just ok: a chair had an obvious hole in it, and the bathtub needed to be replaced; no mini fridge in the room is definitely a disadvantage in LV heat. No wi-fi, just the slow internet at the desk, which means no favorite shows in bed. Don't think the hotel deserves the 4 stars... I'm not quite sure why they charge $22.00 a day resort fee, cuz it definitely didn't feel like a resort. Perhaps if we tried their pool we would have been blown away, but something tells me probably not.  . . Now to a very big unpleasant incident, for which my friend insisted I gave the hotel 1 star. When I opened the curtains to enjoy the view from the 25th floor, I saw... women's panties in the corner of the window seal. Yep, somebody had fun times, but it was definitely TMI for us. And the evidence of poor cleaning services. They sent someone up to clean the room and waived our "resort fee" as a courtesy for inconvenience, but will we be coming back? Me thinks no!
Eh I just didn't like this hotel. It sucked! . . - When we first got here, there was a half drunken open water bottle, when we were suppose to get 2 complimentary bottles. . - When we came back to the hotel another day, there was big purple string in the middle of the floor...don't they pick up the garbage? None of us had that purple string. - The bathroom sucks! The ceiling was leaking...there was mold in the corner of the shower and the shower head water pressure was not crackin. . - Before making a purchase of the room, it said complimentary wifi....They should probably change that to free ETHERNET wifi that's STILL really slow... . . Idk I just didn't like this place.
Check in was smooth and the staff was friendly.  . The room left a lot to be desired. The sheets were too short for the bed so the first night the sheets move every time you move and I didn't sleep well. I went to the front desk and asked for sheets that fit.. Housekeeping called and said they would take care of it. When we returned the room had been serviced but the sheets were the same. I walked down the hall and explained to the housekeeper what needed to be done and they later fixed it.  The jack/plate for the tv had been pulled out out of the wall. If I had a small child I would have asked to be moved. It was a safety hazard. NO WI FI in the room! Water pressure sucked and shower head was very low.. Pool was ok but didn't want to spend $10 on a tube for the lazy river and bummed that we could only bring in water.
Went on vacation to get away, that's what normally happens right? Something went wrong everyday of our stay here from little things such as not receiving a do not disturb sign which we called for, to the male maid walking in while my friend was in the flesh. Wouldn't have happened if we had the sign, I'm sure..or Maybe it would've who knows, it's Vegas. They did their best to accommodate the situation which was a nice gesture until check out when they said the things purchased didn't fall into the category ofthe credit we received and we should have seen it on the card with the listed places we can use it on. Ohhhhhhh what?! A card? One that we didn't receive from the Assistant Manager of the hotel? Splendid. I won't be staying here again, I'm sure but if i do I hope I get to enjoy it.
I really wanted to give three stars, but I could not get past the lack of wifi in the rooms.  That is inexcusable.. . The check-in desk is close to the entrance from the parking garage.  That is not the case at some casinos.  It is convenient.  The check-in process takes far too long for me, but it is right in line with most other casinos.  They all need to get together and figure out a simpler system.. . The rooms are OK.  They are average sized.  They are in decent shape.  The bathroom could use an update though.  You have to use a cable for Internet connection which is a shame.  That is not helpful for your iPad.. . There are several fast food options on site which is convenient late at night.  It could use some more sit down options though.  The cigar lounge is a great place to relax while enjoying a good cigar and drink.. . The pool area is OK.  The lazy river is a good idea, but you cannot drink while floating in it, so the cool factor goes away quickly.. . Overall this place is OK for the price.  It is close to hot spots in Aria and Cosmopolitan.
Shower was funky. casino wasn't lucky. came up to my room tv on the fritz. wouldhave been better to stay at the ritz. the no wi-fi could make a man cry. i did like the bed . BUT. i was naked when the maid poked in her head
Quite disappointed with this hotel.. . - Bed was disappointing.. pillows were stiff, blanket and sheets were uncomfortable and cheap. There was not even a fitted sheet to cover the mattress--literally just a normal sheet thrown over it and tucked under! Needless to say it came off the mattress when slept on.. - We were not told at check-in that we were booked in a handicapped room. This meant the shower was really ugly and practically impossible to use--showerhead was like 5 feet tall. Floor in the shower made a loud creaking noise when you moved around. The dial to control the temperature was broken. What a JOKE. At least ASK us at check-in if we want the handicapped room with the shitty shower!. - I always use the extra lock on the door at night in hotels, but there was not one on the door. I forgot to put the "do not disturb" sign out the first night, and at 10am housekeeping knocked once and opened the door. My boyfriend and I were still sleeping. Naked. I screamed. Not cool. Checkout time is 11.. Why would you have maids going around before 11 cleaning rooms?. -Tried to get in a mid-day nap. That was useless. Pool party was raging EXTREMELY LOUDLY outside, and we could hear all of it, even on the 25th floor. I understand it's vegas and people want to rage at the pool, but seriously, sound-proof those windows or some shit.. - Watched some TV, and every 10 seconds the screen would get all messed up with static. Really? . -NO WIFI IN THE ROOMS! There was a cable to plug in to your laptop, but we couldn't even get that to work! . . . Overall: Surely you could find more disappointing hotel rooms, but this place was just not very nice at all. Needs a facelift... updated decor and bedding for sure. I expected more from a place that really TRIES to look luxurious.. . On the plus side, it's a great location on the strip. And didn't see any bugs. I think that's about it.
I have stayed here a few times but this time, I probably will not come back again.  I mean, this hotel is okay but there are some things that I did not like.  Check in was a breeze.  We booked our hotel a month in advanced so there was a great offer that came with the rooms we booked.  Two free complimentary buffet tickets for each room that we booked which means a total of 4!  Okay so this deal sold us into booking the rooms.  As we checked in, the tickets were explained to us that the buffet for lunch was free but there would be an additional cost for dinner.  WHAT?! I thought it was free! LAME!!  They did also give us some vouchers to other buffets to use if we did not want to eat at Monte Carlo. It was a voucher of $33 a person each so we decided to eat at Cravings at Mirage.  . . Got to our rooms, first thing we had to do was pee since it was a long drive.. TOILET did not flush!!!  Called a person to come fix it and after a few minutes, it was fixed.  Brought some food from home and there is no fridge :(  That is something I think should be in all hotels!  View was horrible.  Got a view of the rooftops of other buildings.  Took a shower, and the towel that I got had dirty stains on it :(  GROSS!  Just wiped that towel all over my body!. . The only good thing I thought was the pool.  It was definitely not a party scene which I like because all I want to do is relax and get a nice tan.  Great lazy pool, although it does cost money to rent a donut tube ($12 for a small, $15 for a big one).  There is also a mini tidal wave in another pool as well, and there is also sand and a volleyball net around the corner.  Lots of shade if you don't like the sun but there is definitely chairs for you to get a tan where there are not trees.  Feeling hot from the sun, they have self served water in paper cone cups too!  I'd definitely take kids here.  They would have fun.. . Overall, the stay wasn't too bad but for a cheap price, I'd expect that.. . NOTE:. -bring your own donut tube for the pool. -$25 resort fee. -free valet (just tip them). -blue man group performs here
I won't stay here again! The first room air did not work, switched to another room the next day & that air didn't work! Staff is friendly but did nothing in the way of upgrading our room. I will stay at Paris because they always make my stay a pleasant experience. BTW no WI-FI unless we left the room to go to Starbucks!
Not very impressed at all. I booked a "suite" anticipating the type of suites I am used to in Vegas. I was very dissapointed with how lack lustre it was. It definitely should not be classified as such. The employee that checked us in told us that we would have a "beautiful view of the pool" which ended up being the tops of air conditioner units. I called down to express my concerns and they told me that there were no other rooms available and I was basically just screwed. there was no offer of any kind of resolution. The casino was good and the food was good but everything else was not worth it. I will never book this hotel again.
We stayed here when we came to Vegas a few weeks ago. . . We decided on this place based off the pool really. . . I was VERY disappointed with the rooms. . . Very rundown, there were rips in the lampshades, stains on the bedding, mold in the bathroom, and broken furniture all throughout the room. . . And No wifi in the room. There was a hard wire you could plug in, but they doesn't help me much for my iPad. They offer Wifi in the lobby. Thanks,. . Are there some rundown hotels on the strip? Yes. . Are there some really nice hotels on the strip? Absolutely. . . When I come back to Vegas again (I go about twice a year) I will not be back. . . Although, I do have to say, Amanda at the front desk was a total delight! Very helpful during my check in when I had a million questions.
Checked in and noticed that the bed sheets had all kinds of stains, ranging from blood to marker. Called the front desk and they promised to replace it.. After returning from a trip down the Las Vegas Strip, I noticed that the bed sheets had been flipped over, so that the stains were present a bit higher.. . This place is affordable, but downright filthy. Would not recommend it.
We stayed here for a couple of days this summer. The beds were the best part of our stay since they were super comfortable. We honestly didn't stay here that much after we discovered the tram to Aria. We spent a lot more time there than we did at the Monte Carlo. It was decent for what we paid. The pool area is nice since there are a lot of options. Food is alright.
Giving it 2 stars because it does have a really nice pool area.   As far as the room goes...gross.   The wallpaper was ripped in the bathroom, the towels smelled like mold.   There was mold on the shower and there were stains on the bed sheets.   I go to Vegas all the time and I can honestly tell you that I will not be back here again.  I would rather pay more money and stay in a nicer hotel.   They really need to update that place.
Room was decent but LOUD! You can hear everything in the hallway and the next room, no sleep and the AC didn't work with a damn. Purchased a large coffee at their Starbucks on my way to the pool and was told I couldn't go out to the pool with it? F off! Nice sports bar and casino but wouldn't stay here again, ever!
Place is falling apart!  Just outside of the Blue Man Group theater is a bikini clad dancer on to of the bar ( and not good ones). Is this a down town club?  Come on Monte Carlo, clean it up, decorate, replace. torn furniture. Your on the strip and supposed to be better.
Stayed in this hotel my first time in Vegas, back in 2005... I thought it was like staying at the Bellagio back then (rookie). . I've been going to Vegas every other year. This year it was the "Reunion, the comeback" to The Monte Carlo.. . Tsk Tsk Tsk.. no impressed. I'll start off with the Pros:. 1-The location! muy bueno. you can walk to any popular spot or nightclub from this hotel . 2-The Tram: ok if you don't wanna walk (see#1), then you can take the tram that can take you from the Monte Carlo to the Aria Hotel to the Bellagio. 3- the Pool: 3 different pools, one with waves!..... really mellow (except Saturday, it was poppin'!), really hot servers, and it  also has a volleyball court (not, that ur going to vegas for a pick up game of Volleyball, but just so u know). 4- ask for comp late checkout..you just might hit the jackpot and get it for frrrrreeeee!. 5- not bad for the $$ BUT......... . Once you enter the "deluxe" rooms with strip view:. (Cons):. 1- the carpet in the room look outdated, old, somewhat dirty.. 2- The "Deluxe" part of the deal for our room... i wasn't feelin' it. It felt like we were staying in a Motel 6. It had no fridge, not microwave, small bathroom. 3- can't BYOD to the pool area. 4- food court staff are rude, terrible, incompetent: (Starbucks: couldn't get the most basic, simple, easiest drink to prepare, right: a Chocolate milk. really!? Banana bread: bad.. Sbarros (sp): gave an incomplete order and when i made brought it up to them they were making a big deal as if I was trying to get a free meal... . McDonald's:.... just don't go there.. . . The score is tied at 1 for now, 1 good experience (2005), one not so good (2013),  we'll see next time....
I was so excited to book at Monte Carlo because my uncles had stayed there last year during the Mexican Independence day. So, I arrived Sunday afternoon and all the sheets were ripped and the restroom was so dirty. The tub had tons of hairs and had mold. This was suppose to be a 4 star hotel however it was more like a 2 star hotel. The only sort of luxurious part of the hotel is the lobby. It is definetly not worth the money you are paying.
If you can't fall asleep after too much Vegas stimulation, just look at the tired atmosphere around this place and you'll be nodding off in no time.  Good news is it's attached to Aria and very close to MGM Grand and New York New York
Very outdated and appeared very isolated when it came to patrons despite the busy lobby. I booked acorner room suite and it felt like an oversized studio... actually a huge studio! I was not happy at all with the layout and when I waited for my friend to come and go, I kept the door propped open, it was so quiet.. almost too quiet and the atmosphere was eery! I would not stay there again.
Alright, I really loved the Monte Carlo until I stayed there this weekend.  We stayed in the "Diamond Suite", room 170001.  It's spacious but severely out dated.  The first shower we went to take the shower drain clogged right away, the jetted spa tub was rusty and had particles floating in it.  I called to have maintenance come up and unclog the shower.  I had to do this 4 times within a 2 day period.  The room location faces the back side where the freeways are, very noisy.  You can hear people showering next door, flushing the toilet and coughing.  The next night we decided to go eat at their buffet, um...YUCK!  Stand clear even if you get a free buffet with your room purchase.  The food was awful, cold and unappetizing. I wish someone would have warned us before we paid $54.00 for two people.  The casino is very smokey and I felt like I was suffocating walking through.  I won't be staying at this hotel again.
Hotel staff people are very nice and do what they can to accommodate. Unfortunately, hotel needs to be fumigated and updated...see bug pic posted.. . First given room on eighth floor -disappointing.. . Upon check-in found a silver fish insect skittering on the wall near filthy air conditioning duct. Carpet was filthy. Asked for a non-smoking room however reeked of stale smoke.  Felt very dirty.  After finding and trapping critter requested a new room which was given.  Manager stated I would get resort fee credit for 2-days as a sorry you found bug in room; however credit never showed on final bill and I needed to catch a flight.. . Stayed at Monte Carlo for 5-days, had a conference in sister hotel.. . Early in morning at about 7am saw many small roaches near food court. Then in late afternoon while standing in line saw huge B-52 roach crawling on woman's shirt back. She was totally not aware! Her husband swatted off roach which ran beneath counter.. . The second room on the 11th floor overlooking pool -much better.. . Hotel needs to be fumigated. Needs wifi in room. Additional $10 to use hot whirlpools not worth it. If you tell customer you will get resort credit than follow thru.
This is a perfectly serviceable hotel with just plain bad customer service. You'll be fine staying here if you don't have any issues, but woe betide you if you do. The rooms are very meh. Outdated and boring - but who cares how the room looks in Vegas? . . About customer service. We had an unfortunate incident where (on the recommendation of someone at the front desk) we ended up waiting half an hour in the concierge line for outlet mall shuttle tickets for a shuttle that turned out not to exist. No apology for our long wait, or for being given the wrong info. We were dismissed.. . I also dealt with some damage to personal property. Housekeeping wedged one of my high heels under the frame of a roll-away bed in the room, and it chewed up the leather on the heel. Okay, fine. These places have insurance, right? The security officer who came to deal with the issue, was rude, dismissive, and had no information about the process of filing a claim. He strongly hinted that if I filed a claim with risk management, I was unlikely to see any kind of compensation from them and it would be out of the hotel's hands at that point. After some back and forth with a manager I was offered a food and beverage credit and to have the resort fees waived to make up for it - neither of which would help me get my shoe fixed, but I elected to take it because they implied the alternative would probably end up being no compensation at all. . . Using the food and beverage credit was its own hassle. There was a tiny list of places we could use it, and they were all closed by midnight. Since we were given the credit the night before we left, we had to order a massive breakfast...and dinner for later, and snacks...at the cafe the next morning before we checked out of the hotel so we wouldn't lose the credit. . . The icing on the cake was that when we went to check out, they had not waived the resort fees - in fact, they had charged us twice for them. My friend had to spend half an hour working it all out with a manager while we just sat around. We were offered a 15% discount on future stays for the multiple inconveniences, but obviously we will not be staying here again.. . All that being said, we did have a few good moments - Preston at the front desk gave us some great suggestions for food and entertainment, so props to him. The staff at the cafe (particularly our waitress Jennifer) were fantastic dealing with our last minute flurry of orders trying to spend the food and beverage credit. And the bell desk very kindly let us leave our bags of extra food with our luggage so we wouldn't have to cart them around all morning, even though it was against their policy. Those good moments bought the hotel an extra star.
Impressive from approach, the lobby and casino were up to par with the other places I have stayed in Las Vegas.  The front desk was courteous and friendly. Then, I walked to my room and reality hits.  The coffee machine did not work.  The towel was thread bare.  The caulking around the bathtub was deteriorating. Hints of bacon and eggs serving downstairs permeated in the room in the morning.  Oh, well guess this is what I should expect from a package deal.
So I came here for a conference and if this was my first time in Vegas I would prob never come back! The Monte Carlo is horrible compared to where I've previously stayed on Vegas. Where do I begin? Let's start with the room.. . Room: super old school, dirty carpets, nicks in walls, chipping paint etc. I've added photos tothis review so you can see exactly what I'm talking about, but the worst of the worst was the bloody bandaid that I found on my shower wall on day 1 that remained until day 6 when I left despite me telling the housekeeper about it. Also didn't appreciate the holes in the sheets and the lack of hot water! Now I stayed on the 17th floor and when I say I like to take hot showers I mean steaming up the bathroom almost too hot to breathe showers lol. So I thought maybe I'm being unfair and the water does get hot just not as hot as I'm used to. WRONG! I polled several of the hundreds of women at my conference and they all said the same. The water feels hot when it's running in the tub but when u turn the shower on it's like warm at best. It's also hard and made my skin super dry, but I was told my a local that Nevada has some of the hardest water in the country. Funny I don't remember that from my previous stay but whatever.. . Housekeeping: not worth their weight in salt! Housekeeping never changed the sheets, cleaned the tub or toilet. They only thing they did was provide new towels. I had to request soap. Also didn't appreciate leaving my room at 9:30 am, coming back at 3:00 pm and still having a dirty room. Especially when the same housekeepers were in the hall in the exact same location "cleaning rooms" when I left and returned. The last thing I didn't appreciate was the housekeeping staff placing my items in my luggage bags despite them being out of the way. It kind of makes me feel like they were going through my luggage and made me uncomfortable. I've never had that happen before.. . Dining: so I loves the cupcakery! Great tasty cupcakes and Starbucks was good with pretty fast service. I also appreciated the 24 hr fast food places in the hotel. This proved very useful with my early morning flight. The Cafe was where we ate several times. Good food horrible service! They seem to be understaffed no mater what time you patronize them (I went during normal business hrs and late at night/early morning) and the service is very slow so if you're in a rush to catch a show you may want to skip this place. The good thing is they had 2 for 1 house wine for happy hour and it was good. The buffet was okay, not worth $20 bucks in my opinion, but hey it's Vegas!. . Overall this hotel could use a major renovation big time! The only reason I gave it two stars is bc the waitresses in the cafe are very hardworking and try their best to accommodate you and the food is decent. I wouldn't stay here again or recommend anyone else to.
My recent trip to Vegas was for a conference. I wasn't too jazzed when I was told where we were staying but having actually never stayed at the Monte Carlo I thought I'd just give it a chance. Well I was not impressed. The room space is small and dark, the furniture a little outdated with definite indications of  wear, the curtains didn't close completely as the curtain was missing pin hooks. The sheer curtain had a hole in it, the bed sheets were clean but had stains. Even though the room was on the 22nd floor, I could still smell smoke. Perhaps I was on a floor that had smoking and non smoking rooms because at times it smelled like it was fresh cigarette smoke. I think the walls are pretty thin too because I could hear the obnoxious neighbors at all hours. And while I recognize that a lot of people come to Vegas to party, it would be nice it they practiced some common courtesy and consideration for those who are trying to sleep.. . My husband and I come to Vegas every couple of months for some relaxation and gambling. This is not a place I would return to stay. I might come back to the casino on another trip because the dealers were pleasant but as far as I'm concerned this is NOT a 4 star hotel so I would not stay here again.. . I'm sure if someone is just looking for a place to lay down their bags and are out of the room most of time, this place may be okay.
A couple friends and I recently stayed at the Monte Carlo for a few days. And I must say that i definitely expected better! From the outside it looks pretty descent, the room however was a disappointment. From some sort of stains on the sheets (it almost looked like mold but I really don't know what it was) to stains on the towels in the bathroom. There was even a dirty pad behind the lamp desk! How disgusting is that??? The walls are paper thin because we were woken up in the wee hrs of the morning to our lovely neighbors getting it on. The room was small and dark, outdated furniture...the list just goes on. Overall, we were just disappointed with the Monte Carlo as a hotel. On a positive note, they had this little restaurant inside called "The Cafe" and it had some yummy food! And really good deals during happy hour! However, we definitely won't be going back whenever we visit Vegas. The Rio was a MUCH better stay. Bigger room, cleaner bathroom and just better atmosphere in general. They were even cheaper. The Monte Carlo just takes advantage of its location on the strip, which is a good location (probably the best thing about the hotel). My opinion, try other hotels.
I just came here to see the Blueman Group so I can't speak for the rooms but I just wasn't feeling the casino.
I was excited to stay on the strip, but was not impressed w/ this hotel. There was an odor to our room when we 1st arrived. Absolutely no good insulation and you could hear every living thing from people in the hallways to your neighbor peeing in the toilet. It even sounded like someone was entering our room but really it was neighbor opening up their door. The shower head was rough and stung my skin. The buffet was ok. It's in the middle of the strip and location was great! Also had a great view of strip, just not sure id recommend it to others
My brother is a contractor who is employeed to renovate hotels - thus when I stay in one I check details - and this place needs a major rehaul!  I noticed the bathrooms are not equipped for handicapped individuals - showers/tubs have no handels, the toilets are all low and the entry to each room have a marbel (??) surface that is slippery - an accident waiting to happen - especially when some of these customers have drunk way too much!. It is a place to put yopur head - yes - although the bed is softer on one side than another!. . SPEND SOME MONEY HERE AND RENOVATE IT IS ABOUT TIME!!!!
If you want to hear your neighbors tv, loud maids talking outside your door, your neighbor coughing, and your neighbor taking a dump...this is the place for you. It also comes with wet carpet as an added bonus.. . Silver lining - the front desk people are nice. They got me a room change fairly quick. Hence why it is 2 stars instead of 1.. . Tidbit - don't get a room with an adjacent door to the room next door unless you like to hear your neighbor.
This hotel now feels really outdated.  It's just a little, I don't know... old and out of shape.  It was cool before, but on my last stay I started noticing small things like slightly peeled wallpaper and less than great decor.. . With all the new hotels around The Strip, this place needs a major upgrade plan if it wants to stay competitive.  Otherwise it's heading down the road to being just another cheap outdated LV hotel/casino.
This review is based on my stay here this past weekend: This room was so gross lets just say I felt the need to put paper down before I used the bathroom. The public bathrooms in the casino were cleaner than the one in the room. The room was so dusty it looked like it had not been touched for months. There was hair on the bathroom/foyer floors. The walls/doors had red marks on them. The furniture had chips all over it. I even paid extra for a "nicer" room. This room is in desperate need of a rennovation. I Will NOT be staying here again any time soon or even recommending it to any one. I am giving 2 stars as it was not the worst place I've ever stayed but not as nice as they market themsleves to be.
For what is starting to become an annual family trip to Sin City, my mother wanted to stay at the Monte Carlo for the second consecutive year. My mom's rationale for the move was that it was cheap but I would argue there are more better rates along the strip. My experi nice this year was less then stellar. We were given rooms on the fourth floor and they didn't even ask if we wanted a connecting door for my two reservations and how many key cards. The room was not set up as advertised.We didn't have bottled water and they skimped on the sugar and creamer for the coffee. My parents' room next door didn't even have a television remote. The water pressure in the shower was lackluster and availability  of hot water unpredictable. Without a Do Not Disturb sign, housekeeping came in while I just got out of the shower.the morning of checkout, the kiosk in the lobby was not working. I think given our experience this year, the 'rents should be willing to fork out more moolah for a heightened experience in a newer hotel next year.
