Overrated. Salty meat - ask for no salt and they'll make it for you.
The food, especially the picana is excellent, but their service is just horrible.  Takes forever to get seated when you have reservations.  If you're waiting for a particular meat, you'll wait 20 min while the waiter skips your table over and over until you have to get up and ask your server to go grab the one you want.  Expect to have to do that over and over.. . I absolutely love the food, and I've been eating there for over a year, but the service is so bad I'm finally just giving up on the place.
Bad wine list.. . Over priced.. . Meat quality sub-standard. (Only bacon wrapped fillet and short ribs were good).. . Pork ribs were shockingly bad. . . Cocktails were weak and extremely expensive. . . Salad bar was mediocre. Some stuff very good, some below average. More impressed with Whole Foods salad bar. . . Service was inattentive and amateurish . Prices were high. Some servers had visible disgusting tattoos. . . The air conditioning sucked, it was too hot. . . These Brazilian / Argentinian / Rodizio / Churrascaria places are going to nose dive as the price of food keeps going up. They are lowering quality big time. These used to be high end all you can eat, now I need to get fresh plates all the time as the meat is sometimes inedible. . . As usual, Las Vegas high end dining and wine is generally horrible and is nothing compared to the food you can get in New York City or San Francisco Bay Area.. . 3 people, $450 bucks at a Churrascaria. Not worth it at all.
Before I say anything else, I love Texas de Brazil! However, as a regular customer at the Schaumburg branch in Illinois, this place is very disappointing and almost not worth the money. I don't even know where to start. First, our host told us our wait time would be approximately 10 minutes, but ended up being more than double that time even though it wasn't such a busy hour. Their salad bar seemed incomplete, dry, and slow to be replenished with fresh food. The sushi they serve isn't the same and isn't as good as the kind I'm used to. I love the goat cheese (best I've ever had) but when I went to get the toasted bread chips (not sure if that's their actual name) there were hardly any and the remaining few were stale. They do not serve seared ahi tuna as well as portabella mushrooms, both of which I normally get from the salad bar during dinner hours. (If you haven't tried it here, you're definitely missing out on some of the better food they have to offer). The mashed potatoes were bland and the bananas seemed rushed to get to the table. They were dry and not as soft and fully cooked. The meat is somewhat more flavorful although most of them were too raw to eat. I had to throw out about half of the pieces :( The servers and our waiter did not even ask how we like our meats cooked. . . The service was poor. Meat servers were slow to come to our table and seldom came. They constantly passed us without asking if we wanted some and were not careful with cutting the meats. My cuts were either too thick or too small and I was constantly being splattered with blood from them. If it wasn't forour waiter putting in orders for the meats we specified, we would have waited even longer to be served. Never in my experiences at Texas de Brazil did I wait more than 5 minutes (after hitting the salad bar and turning my card over to green of course) to be served some meat. We had been seated almost 25 minutes and still not one meat server came to our table. In fact, while I was waiting I had to slowly fill myself up with their cheese bread which I had to keep asking for more myself since the other servers did not bother or failed to notice to provide us a fresh basket. In addition, a manager never visited our table which is something that always happens when I go there to eat no matter what time during the day. . . Aside from all of that Texas de Brazil is a great restaurant and definitely a good place to go for a date. Groups are ok, but I would only recommend it if you have purchased their VIP card sold for a limited time. All of the other reviews prove true for the restaurant in general. If it wasn't for the service, I would have rated it higher... maybe it was an off night. If anything maybe this branch should hire more people. . . Happy yelping:)
What can I say, I love meat! There is just something about the flame broiled carcass of a dead animal that just screams dinner to me. So on a recent trip to Vegas when my sister wanted to go to Texas de Brazil I was a very easy sell.. . Brazilian churrascarias are awesome and unique and fun way to eat. I will say Texas de Brazil is the nicest and most expensive one I have ever been to, but unfortunately it definitely isn't the best I have been to. It's a very nice building and it is decorated very well. It's definitely a fun space. Unfortunately it is also in the flight path for the Las Vegas airport. I personally live relatively close to an airport so you would think I would be very numb to the sound of airplanes, but even being inside and with all the noise from the restaurant I was still very aware when the planes went over the building. That definitely distracted from the atmosphere and experience.. . In addition to the meats, there is a very nice salad bar. This is the one area where Texas de Brazil definitely excels. Of all the churrascarias that I have been to, TdB has hands down the best salad bar. Unfortunately you don't go to a churrascaria for salad, you are there for meat.. . The other area where TdB excels is the variety of meats. They easily have the biggest selection of meats of any place I have been before. Unfortunately the quantity didn't translate into quality. Don't get me wrong, the meats were not bad by any stretch and the Brazilian sausage was outstanding. Overall though, the meats were all pretty dry. The filet and pork especially were very dry. The picanha which they announce as being their signature meat was quite bland.. . The service was okay, but nothing special. My sister and brother-in-law did mention that the service was better on their previous trip, but I can only review the time I was there. I ordered a soda which came in an 8 ounce aluminum bottle. That's right, only 8 ounces and no free refills! I went ahead and ordered a second soda, but the waiter never brought it. . . If you've never been to a churrascaria before, Gauchos bring the meat to your table still on the spit. At TdB you get coasters with a green side and a red side. When you want more meat you put the green side up. When you are done (or just want to take a break) you put the red side up and the Gauchos are supposed to bypass your table. On this trip, the Gauchos completely ignored the color of the coasters and kept stopping at the table to offer us more meat even when the red side of the coasters were clearly showing. That can be very annoying if you are trying to have a conversation with someone.. . I should also mention that my stomach was a little upset later than night. My sister mentioned to me the next day that she also had an upset stomach later than night.. . They charge $50 per person which is definitely more expensive than the other churrascaria that I have been to. Based on the food I would have probably given them 3 stars, but they lost a star for being overpriced and for the fact that the service wasn't particularly good on this visit.. . One note, if you decide to go, make sure you join their email club and you will get an email coupon for 25% off to help offset their high cost.. . But if you look around you will find better places that cost less.
Executive Summary - Is this real churrasco?  Is Disney real life?  The truth is a resounding NOOOOOOOO.  This is side show, a theatrical performance, but is is not authentic. . I am in Las Vegas on a long term project with an expense account.  I was in need for some comfort food . . . that's right P-I-C-A-N-H-A . . . say it again PICANHA.  Several choices here in Las Vegas and Fogo arriving next month.  I will check out the others and then Fogo when it arrives.  I know picanha . . . Porcao no Brasil and others . . . I make picanha at home.  I know picanha, son, and well this is not good picanha.  That is right I said the impossible . . . this is not good picanha.  You might be saying . . . impossible but it is true.  Of the piles of picanha I got, mostly because the rest of the meat was worse, only 4 pieces were cooked to my liking.  Well done is not my style and hey the lamb chop was almost inedible as it was cooked past well done . . . Yep I said it past well done lamb chop.. . I speak portuguese, know Brasil and come to churrascaria to relax, speak that amazing language that stirs my soul, get a good caipirinha, eat delicious meat and if I am lucky sip some cachaca velha (Aged Cachaca).  I was disappointed on all counts.  I only spoke to two Brasileiros, the caipirinha was made by an american bartender that added so much sugar that I might as well just stuck my head in a bag of sugar and the cachaca selection sucked, Leblon and 55.  Really Leblon rarely seen in Brasil and 55 is pinga . . . nasty, nasty stuff for alcoholics.  Where is a nice Vale Verde or a Armazem Veiera or Anizio Santiago Habana . . . well no where in sight.  Oh and it is Linguica,  not Sausage . . . When I asked if some could be brought around the waiter did not even know what it was.  . . The salad bar even sucked.  . . I will not return . . . ever.  I would rather close my eyes, lift a burger to my lips, and pretend it was picanha . . . it would be closer than the overcooked rendition I had at Texas de Brazil.  . . Oh and the pao de quiejo was served cold and nasty.  Really how can you state you are authentic Brasilian churrasco and screw that up?  I don't know.
Let's start an argument on what defines a great restaurant.. . Okay, here are my two cents on the subject. . . While just about every little detail can (and often will) pepper one's over-all evaluation of a restaurant as a whole, I believe there are primarily 3 aspects that hold the greatest sphere of influence on my decision making:. 1. Food Quality. 2. Service Quality. 3. Price . . The first two, food quality and service quality are directly proportionate to the third - price. Our taste buds and our comfort level are trained to expect a certain level of quality when it comes to food and service, based on the price-point we expect to pay for the meal. While a Roberto's burrito may not win culinary awards in France, it's a damn fine meal for $3.50. In the same respect, when I fork over $200+ dollars for dinner with my better half, I expect a "wow" around every corner.. . Which brings me to Texas de Brazil (forgive the tangent). Let's ignore that fact that first timers might find themselves hoodwinked by the practice of seating you before they drop the ball on the price-point (and that's only if you ask - ever, otherwise they won't say a word until the bill arrives). The $50 per person price tab is not completely unreasonable, unless you are not looking to stuff yourself (which is about the only way to get your money's worth). . . The meats are good, but not great. The bacon wrapped selections were as dry as my mother's sense of humor.. . The salad bar has some good items, but it is not overly impressive as a whole. I did feel like stuffing my pockets with some of the Grana Padano.. . And the desserts are "What! Not included in the price?". . The whole meal, my party and I felt ill at ease. They try not to show it, but the staff pushes you through the meal like a drill sergeant on your first day of boot camp - you just try to stay quiet and not fall down.. . The Meat Men come by way too fast. Even a ravenous hunger can not keep up with the pace they set. Then, once they have overwhelmed you with their blitzkrieg attack, they tend to disappear just as quickly. Do I really need to raise my hand to get your attention?. . Texas de Brazil is just not that great. The food and service (while decent) do not match up to the price-point. . . The whole experience felt like an assembly line - they zip you in and zip you out with such great speed that you hardly noticed they picked your wallet dry.
The short review: . 1) Bad service. 2) Way too salty meats. 3) Overpriced. The long one:. We had a party of 15 people and weren't allowed to be seated until our whole group was present because it would be "too much hassle" for our waiter to repeat the "dining instructions" more than once. Are you effin serious?!? With the prices they charge, the waiter should freakin sing and dance while going over their sacrosanct instructions, and do it as many times as necessary.. We were there to have a good time, but instead we were shouted at by our waiter, who was more like a drill sergeant. --no smiles, no small talk. The guy just wanted to shout his schpill at us so he could move on. . And forget about the little red and green disks they give you. They mean nothing, as the meats kept on coming even though we had ours on red. . The meats were extremely salty. The salad buffet was just average and you'll walk out of that place a whole lot poorer. . Vegas has a plethora of excellent restaurants. Don't waste your time and hard-earned $$$ on this one.
My hunny and I visited during dinner time and we loved the salad bar, the bread was delicious, the different cuts of meats were tasty, the flavored unsweetened iced teas were refreshing, and our cheesecake was perfect for a pair of sweet tooth's like us.  Simply on food I would rate TDB 5 stars BUT...the service sucks!. . My hunny and I waited 10 minutes to order our drinks. We had to keep asking for more bread. I ordered coffee and never once did I get asked if I wanted a refill. We had started on the meats without our sides which the waiter was suppose to bring to the table, we waited another 10 minutes for that. So if you go to TDB make sure you have AT LEAST an hour and a half (becasue you will wait for EVERYTHING) and be prepared to ask for more drinks, bread, sides, meats, etc. The staff clearly does not work together. On service alone I give them 2 stars. . . Before this dinner we had visited TDB many times (lunch and dinner) and we have encountered the same issues, the waiting and asking.
I am giving two stars for the service which should be simple at a restaurant such as this. Our water was never refilled, we never got new plates when the meat was being served so we had to use our salad plates, and they never brought our side dishes either. All of the meat that was brought to our table in the beginning was well done so i just assumed that's how it was all cooked. Towards the end they started bringing meat and announcing it was medium rare but by then my plate was full of old salad and well done meat.. . Unfortunatley the food was not good enough to make me want to ever go back and give it a second chance.
I usually LOVE this place. I am a meat eater and definitely get my money worth of steak when I come here, but last night I was not impressed. The meat has gone down in quality and only came around about 4 times the whole time we were there. We had to keep asking the waitress to have the guys come around, but they never did. The only thing they came around with was the flank steak, Brazilian sausage, and fillet twice. I always picked this place over Via Brazil but might have to make the switch. I will say the salad bar continues to have high quality food.
If you like to be hurried like a herd of cows, pay through the nose and frozen then this is the place for you.  They have a fantastic salad bar but unfortunately they do not allow you to enjoy it.  When we were seated the waitress told us that when we were ready for the main meal to turn over a token on table from red to green.  As soon as we started to eat our salad they started shoving meat onto our plates.  It appeared that nobody paid attention to the token on our table.  They just wanted to feed us and kick us out the door.  Some of the meats they brought us were very dry and tough.  Beware of their house special desert called papaya cream.  It was horrible!  Stick to the deserts they offer you on the tray.
I was so excited to go here that my expectations went a bit too high. I think an actually requirement of working here is to be from Brazil. I wonder how that exactly works out... All the meat that we tried was really delicious however a lot of the times it was extremely rare. I like my meat a bit more cooked and when I asked for medium it was like they suddenly avoided our table. The buffet didn't match the cost of the meal. For that price they should be bringing all the food to me.  Over all I dont think I would go back.
We absolutely loved this place.. . The food, the atmosphere, the service are all second to none.. . So why the "3-star" rating?. . Over the top expensive!  $50 for a 12 year old?  Come on guys!   Ridiculous!. . By the way, our favorite meat served was a chicken drummie that was encrusted with Parmesan cheese.  We had it last and if we would have had it first, we would have loaded up on it.. . All the meats and salad bar are spectacular.  Really.. . Our servers were all exceptional.  It's really hard to find a better combination of food and service.. . I just take issue with anyone charging a 12 year old full price.. . Leave the kids at home and you'll enjoy a 4-star experience.. . . EDIT:  Just changed to 2 Star Rating.  Why?  Their website says 12 year olds get 1/2 price.  I told our main server my children were 12 and 10.  He replied, "1/2 price for the 10 yo and full price for the 12 yo".. . Train your people!!!!!!  I'm now embarrassed for leaving a full 20% tip.  Damn.
First ate at Via Brazil, and thought it was totally not worth it for the price, about $45-$50 after tax and tip. Everyone said Texas was better.. . So I finally came here and the meats are negligibly better, but the salad bar is worse. They don't have carpaccio like via does, albeit not great carpaccio. The meats are ok but nothing great, but the service was awesome. I think it's because we had a large party that our server just stood in the corner of the small room we were in when we didn't need anything immediately.. . Honestly, it just isn't worth it. For 60 bucks (post tax+tip) I could get a steak at Gordon Ramsay Steak. And I'd rather fill up on 1 good slab of meat than on 10 different mediocre pieces of meat.. . They charge you a ridiculous price and it doesn't even include dessert. And at $8.25 a slice, the prices can't get any more absurd.. . Even at 30 bucks, I'd rather go for all you can eat Korean BBQ or sushi. They just taste better and are half the price.. . Oh and those cards they give you that tell them if you want more meat or not, just pretend they don't even exist. The servers come by and ask if you want it anyways.. . I didn't plan to ever visit here after trying Via Brazil, but it was a friend's birthday and this was the choice spot. I don't plan to ever come here again even if for another friend's birthday. The price is over the top but the meat isn't borderline inedible and the service was good, so because of that I'd have to give it 2 stars.
An expensive way to ruin my sons Birthday. Not to many complaints about the restaurant in terms of the way it is put together ......high class in terms of fittings etc. Food was way to salty they salted everything and completely over powering even this I could of forgiven the big issue was the server. My son had travelled from the UK with his girlfriend , I drove over from California to celebrate his 22nd Birthday. Upon sitting down Eric (server) requested my son's and his girlfriends ID. MY son handed over his passport and his girlfriend her UK Driving License. He totally rejected the UK Driving license and abruptly stated that she would not be able to order an alcoholic drink. I protested however he didn't want to discuss and he left. To toast my sons birthday I poured a small amount of Sangria into her empty water glass however Eric spotted this and came over and promptly removed the glass. Within 5 minutes received the check, no request if we would like Desert or Coffee just put the check down and walked off. Really bad  attitude and completely ruined the evening. Just as a point of reference my sons girlfriend used her UK license through out her 6 days in Vegas and never had an issue. There are much better ways of spending $75.00 a head
Okay...you see the rating.  Here's my review.  . . Came here to eat last night for one reason...MEAT!!!  With Lent just around the corner, I had only a couple of days before my T-Rex eating days were over for the next 6 weeks.  My date was also excited since there was a 1 1/2 hour wait.  Say What?? She felt that if the wait was that long, the food must be to die for. Well, she was almost right.  I wanted to die after I ate the food. . . First of all, I've been to just two other Brazilian Steakhouses.  One was in Niagra Falls (can't remember the name because of Mr. Captain Morgan) and the other was Rei De Gado in San Diego.  Both choices were excellent, worth bragging about, and worth the price.  This was my first visit to Texas de Brazil.  I was excited since it's been close to 4 years since my last AYCE meat event.  Not going to describe each item, but I basically got their 2 chicken choices (Parmesan chicken and bacon wrapped chicken breast) and all their red meat selections, including the filet.  I was disappointed because everything was overcooked and salty.  I thought that it may have been the first batch so I got seconds.  Remember, my favorite food is seconds.  Again, dry and salty.  Their Lobster Bisque didn't have pieces of lobster in it. Bisque must mean "Lobster in Spirit" I guess. The meats were so salty, that the salad bar started to look sexy.  And they know it. . . . The Good:. -Excellent service:  Pedro is the bestest.  Always asking us how we're doing.  We lied and told him everything was great.  Didn't want to hurt his feelings.  Besides, I was too full of sodium to complain. He still received a good tip because it's not his fault that the food was awful.. -Every server was great.  Keep it on green and they are at your table every 3 minutes with food.  Put it on red to put a stop to the madness.  We had it on red most of the night. . -The salmon, cheese, and crackers were the highlight.  . -Carrot Cake:  Worth the additional $13. -The glass of water (Yes, I said glass of water). . If I had to rate them just on service alone, they'd get 5 stars easy.  But for $150 for two, salty dry steaks is not my thing.  Where are you Ruth Chris?  I'm coming for you when I'm back in San Diego.  Oops..after Lent that is.
We have been so many times and always had such great service and food. This time we were disappointed.  We could not understand a word she said. She hardly came by to see if our friends needed refills.  Even the goucho's hardly stopped, even though all of our cards were green. We had asked to be moved because they sat us right by one of the places they keep water and supplies.  They constantly were squeezing by us. As soon as they moved us it all went down hill. Our bill was almost $400.00 and although the food, what we did get of it, was good, our overall experience was not very good. Very disappointed as we have always had such great service before. Kinda sucked cause we had a newbie with us and it did not have that wow effect.
Terrible service! I'll stay with Via Brasil where the service is amazing and so is the food.
If you are a carnivore,  this is the place.  lots of meat!  It's like meat heaven.  Fillet mignon and lamb chop were highly recommended.  Prices were outrageous.  $46.99 for adult. Half price for a seven year old. Full price for an eight year old. $5 kid charge for my one and a half old boy.  Hello??? he didn't even drink your water!!!  18% service charge on top for a table of six.  Dessert and drinks were all extra.  Salad bar was not impressive.  Some dishes were salty, others were blend.   Average food at ceiling prices.  Below my expectations. Not going back again.  Have the feeling of my wallet being butchered at the table...........
You are insane to pay these prices for ca wine . Pompous and self absorbed. Escape with your credit card. Never made past the bartender . He ignored us successfully for 20 mins
I've only been to one other Brazilian steakhouse in SF before this, and I ended up stuffed beyond belief.. . This time around, a large group of friends and I were in town and had dinner here our first night. We had a reservation but added two extra people last minute which they were fine with, but refused to seat us until those two arrived despite having 11 of us there already. Anyway, we were finally seated and a server gave us the whole spiel on how to get fed and advertised the lobster bisque. We were starving so like a hungry herd, we jetted off to the salad bar and pot of lobster bisque. The salad was refreshing but I tried not to eat too much. Most of us agreed the lobster bisque was good the first few bites, but it was incredibly salty. . . As we finished up the salad, we saw men with sticks of meat approach us. Yay finally! So much meat and so little room in my stomach. I tried most of the things they brought around except for chicken. Most of the table agreed the meats weren't too exciting in flavor and just tasted extremely salty. The cooking was also inconsistent because rare turned out to be well done on some meat sticks, and was straight up raw on other sticks. The cheese rolls and bananas were very yummy as were the mash potatoes, but that stuff is so filling.. . Finally after we all tapped out, some people still wanted dessert. The portions were huge but no one was amazed by anything. Anyhoo, the food was just kind of blah and the bill was extremely high for the experience. . . So I don't want to 100% blame Texas de Brazil, but about half of us had an experience similar to the movie Bridesmaids after we got back to the hotel. If you haven't seen the movie, let's just say we spent some quality time with the toilet and had symptoms of food poisoning. Since it was only half the table, I don't think it was food poisoning, but the extremely raw meat probably didn't sit well with some of us. . . If you're a serious carnivore and have some dollars to spare, you might enjoy this place. But for the average eater with an average appetite, that money is probably better spent with an average sized plate.
I decided I'd better include this review in my portfolio even though it's been a few weeks since we celebrated my friend's birthday here. Endless meat sounds pretty good on the surface, right?. . Here's why this doesn't work: they overwhelm you by bringing out all the meats really quickly, so you're just tempted to load your plate. Also, a lot of the meat options run pretty similarly to each other in terms of texture and flavor, and some of the meats fall flat (pork tenderloin, looking at you here). Always ask for small pieces on the first go around if possible so you can see what you really would enjoy.. . It's not just protein issues here. Desserts costing even more after charging so much for the meat is really mindblowing to me. Finally, why are they not making the cheesy bread balls unlimited? Even Red bloody Lobster gives you as much bread as you want. So much meat demands vehicles for helping you get the meat into your belly, and this place just lacks in that category.. . I would recommend the flank steak and one or both of the lamb options. Nothing else stuck out in my mind enough to make it to this review, and nothing really made an impression on me as a truly premium meat cut/preparation.. . If you're going to charge $60+ after tax for a buffet, you'd better blow my mind. These guys didn't. It might be worth it if you're going in a ridiculously small group to celebrate your birthday dinner. Otherwise, save your money for Bacchanal, Korean BBQ, AYCE sushi, or a legitimate high-end steakhouse and thank me later.
Wow. Super disappointed.. . I was here three years ago, for my birthday, and remember it being  A LOT better.. We made a reservation online, and were seated quickly...it was our anniversary, and like I said, I hadn't been there in 3 years, and my guy had never been there.. . First off, I know it's minor, but it is very dimly lit in there... So, factor that in with the noise factor, and you can barely recognize what you are being offered/served. We arrived during 'Happy hour'....that is only offered in the bar. Can't really enjoy that with a child, can we? But our waitress, who didn't offer her name, nor had a name tag told us that she "wouldn't mind if we went to the bar to get a drink.". . Oh, how gracious of you.. . I saw that they had a coconut mandarin mojito, that didn't sound very appetizing to me, so I asked if there was a way to do a pineapple one. The waitress said that would be no problem. The $12 mojito should be left to the Cuban Cuisine  at Havana Grill......Sorry, Brazil.. . Words can't describe the taste... Barely any pineapple, I felt like it was over poured, or mixed wrong....I guess that's what I get for asking for a custom drink.. . The salad bar was probably the highlight. The little circles hardly mean anything to the servers. After we had decided that some of the meat was either salty, or too tough, we had flipped all three of the circles provided to red. However, we were constantly interrupted by servers. At least 6 times.. . The best meat that we had was the bacon wrapped chicken. It was moist, flavorful, and perfectly seasoned..and the lamb chop...even though it was gamey-er than any other lamb that I have ever had...Everything else was just kind of a miss. My guy stopped eating a lot earlier than I did, he said that he was feeling funny..... . Well, that funny feeling had hit BOTH of us by the time we got home. We felt severely nauseated....I have never felt this way so quickly after eating food.. . Needless to say, $120 (before tip, with 1 drink), is way too much for us to pay to get sick.
It's was our second time on this restaurant. We decided to go back coz we liked it a lot. Sad to say this will be our last dinner here. Hostess makes the first impression to the guest. We arrived exactly 7:30 as our reservation said but didn't got seated and had to wait another 15 mins as we see everyone coming in get seated right away. I had to ask and complain if not I don't think we'll get seated. So we are already not in the mood as our first impression was terrible hostessing service. Servers are great and was always making sure everything was nice. Salad bar are good and meats are great aside from BBQ beef ribs looks like corned beef. One manager came to the table and apologized and said dessert on us. For costumer recovery it should have been informed to the servers but still we didn't get it. And we didn't say manager said to give us dessert as it should have been relied to them. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant anymore and will not eat here ever. I was really disappointed with the hostess as they affect the whole dining experience.
