1st time there... odds are it will be the last.  Ordered the BBQ pork and BBQ brisket sandwiches... couldn't taste the difference between the two.  the meat was tender but lacked flavor. . . The mac n cheese was just like store bought Velveta... nothing special... nothing great. . . The pickle was good...  tea wasn't bad. . . The peach cobbler... the crust tasted like it had onion powder in it.. really off putting. . . So... it was edible.. but.. it wasn't cracked up to what I thought the place was going to be after reading all the wonderful reviews.  Nice atmosphere... but... the BBQ wasn't anything special.  there are several smaller BBQ places around Phoenix which are much better.  Sadly... even Famous Dave's was better than this place IMO. . . So... 1 1/2 -2 stars....  I had much better. . . Hatch
I don't get it.  This does not do bbq justice.  bbq should be at a no-frills joint with limited service, a clear view of the smoker, and paper towels everywhere.  this looks more like a chili's.. . Ordered the ribs and tasted mostly the sauce.  Which is okay sauce, but not the main draw when you order ribs.. . Also the service was pretty mediocre to unprofessional.
I was really concerned when we drove up and couldn't smell any BBQ smells. That is always a bad omen. . Let's break down the good points, first. Very nice staff and clean restaurant. I would roll around naked in their cornbread and ask to be buried with the mac & cheese. The meat preparation of the ribs and the pulled pork was really nice.. However.. The sauce sucks. Both the regular and the spicy are thin and lack flavor. You can taste the ketchup in the sauce and little else. The onion brick was cold and greasy and the shoestring fries were limp and flavorless. This is the first time my husband has been to a bbq place and not basically licked his plate clean. He left over half of his brisket sandwich. Unheard of. . The meal was pricey and mediocre. This is far from the best bbq.
This rating is based on catered food - I haven't been into the restaurant since it was Bobby McGee's - and maybe the food is better when eaten there.. . Someone from work had Bobby Q's cater in last week.  One star is for getting the order and all the extras right.  Plenty of buns, plates, silverware and wetnaps to go around.  The other star is for the cornbread muffins -they were pretty damn good.. . Meats were pork, chicken, brisket and ribs.  In the interest of this review, I decided to sample all.  The texture of the meats was the only way I could tell the difference.  The brisket was sliced, the ribs were with bones, the pork was all gristle and the chicken was - um, the other one.  Really, flavorwise, they were identical.  How on earth did they manage to pull that off?  We had large containers of the regular and spicy bbq sauce.  Good thing I loaded up on the spicy.  It wasn't.  At all.  But it actually had some flavor - so I cringe to think what the regular would have tasted like.  . . I enjoyed the texture of the cole slaw - it had a much finer shred than most.  Too bad it was tasteless.  If the slaw tasted as good as it looked and felt in my mouth, I'd add an extra star and probably go there just to make a meal of the coleslaw and cornbread.. . Lacking space on my plate - I skipped the mac n cheese and beans.. . Based on reviews from people here I know and trust - I am guessing it's way better in the restaurant - but as far as catered bbq goes, the best thing I can really say is it was a free meal for me - so I guess I got fair value for the price I paid.. . Meh, indeed.
Maybe my son and I have different tastes than most of the reviewers or ate here on an off night. Our experience was that the decor, menu, service, and presentation were all great, however the BBQ was tasteless. We ordered the Whole Hog to share. It included two types of ribs and two meats. The meats were all beautifully prepared, fall-off-the-bone tender, looked great, and then very little taste except for the sweet sauce on everything.. . Maybe we are BBQ-spoiled living in Texas.
We read the reviews and were expecting a very good to excellent BBQ experience. Unfortunately, we had a mediocre to average dinner.  We tried "the whole hog" and expected generous portions of ribs, chicken, and sausage for the price.  We received lunch portions--at best.  The ribs were very dry albeit they fell off the bone.  The chicken was average and the sausage on the tasteless side.  The BBQ sauce was typical and really too sweet for this type of fare.  The corn was greasy, the fries were average string fries, and the mac and cheese was good (according to my wife since I think typical mac and cheese is too bland). We passed on dessert but we were given a gift of two small doughnuts that left a serious grease stain in the bag.  I thought the doughnuts were a weird accompaniment to this BBQ dinner.  I must commend the service as prompt, courteous, and very friendly--bravo.  Overall, the experience was so lackluster that we would be unlikely to return.  I did note that the bar and lounge scene was very active while the dining room had plenty of empty tables at 6 on a Friday.  Perhaps one should consider this more a bar and loungeand secondarily as a BBQ Emporium.  Something to thin about.  If you are looking for serious BBQ--look somewhere else.
First off made a reservation and arrived to be seated next to the extremely hot rotisserie.  Very uncomfortable, not to mention it was 112 degrees outside that day.  I asked to be seated elsewhere but the hostesses' excuse was that this was all that was available due to reservations.  Well I made  reservation but she just made another excuse that we needed to be a larger party to sit elsewhere.  I gave it two stars only because my family likes their BBQ-I don't.
Not real BBQ...just over cooked meat.
TGIF meets BBQ = Bobby q.  Disappointed and misled by the yelp reviews - was expecting 4 star quality food but instead got lukewarm Cajun shrimp, bland pulled pork and corn that was covered in butter. Its only saving grace was that the meat was cooked right as others have said, but they lacked a real BBQ sauce to bring out the meat.
I wish there were at least vegetarian substitutes for even one meal. I ended up with a side of mac n cheese, and a "vegetarian" pizza that looked like it was assembled by a child, and tasted like flour and regret. Not really satisifying. Not worth the money. The 10% off coupon with yelp was a redeeming quality, at least.
Over the years this upscale barbeque restaurant has gone downhill. Perhaps it was simply that they were too busy that Saturday evening, but food was sloppily served and overly salty. Worse,, it lacked character; for example the wedge salad was lacking blue cheese and tomato, leaving a chunk of uninteresting iceberg. Evidently, the management has come to the strange notion that throwing onion straws on things makes them worth eating.
I'm getting pretty close to not setting foot in here again.  Here's why:. As a regular, I not only go there for the food, but because of the people.  I have known these servers and bartenders for years, right up until they get shopped and fired.  That's right folks, my meals are usually almost ALWAYS ruined by some idiot shopping a beloved server or bartender of mine and I have to sit there and listen to Joe Shmo ask moronic questions like (no joke) "can my daughter have a beer?  She's sixteen....what's the legal age to consume alcohol?"  Now as a former secret shopper myself for a LARGE company, here's a few words of advice, train your shoppers, a want ad in the newspaper is ridiculous.  If you care THAT much about customer service, let your customers be your shoppers, because I can spot these idiots when they walk in, and most of them LOVE the idea of judging a young person and making them sweat for their job.  Shame on you.  Secondly as a loyal customer, the way I was treated by your shoddy excuse of management when having an allergic reaction to peanuts in your dessert was appalling.  Here's my assessment as a former shopper:. . 1.) When I asked the wait staff if the chocolate dessert had peanuts in it, they seemed sure it did not, but nobody could be sure because it wasn't printed on the menu.  Upon having two bites of the dessert my mouth immediately swelled up and I had an allergic reaction.  Ciara and Toni were very concerned and attentive, offering water and even a concoction to help me purge the food if needed.  They both kept a watchful eye on me while making sure to not neglect other patrons.. 2.) I asked to speak to a manager to merely suggest for the second time (this happened before with their banana dessert) that as an establishment, they should protect themselves by listing peanut ingredients on the menu.  The manager replied that usually when someone has an allergy they tell the server and then the server tells the kitchen, thus making me the customer feel like it was a failure on my part to notify and announce my allergy to the entire restaurant upon my arrival.  Sitting there astounded, I asked if I was indeed hearing what I was hearing, and she glossed over it, thanked me for the feedback, said they were going to reprint their menus at some point, offered to call "someone"I'm assuming an ambulance, and pat me on the back and left.  Really?. . So here's the deal, the food is good, the servers and bartenders are the best.  Pretty much everyday they work in fear of losing their job, and I can't support that.  They remember what you drink, how you like your food prepared, your name, and that's not something you get in chain restaurants, but the regulars, the ones who you could count on to support the place, they've slowly disappeared, and I'm headed that way myself.  Unless you've been sitting at your spot, enjoying your meal only to have it RUINED by some jerk shopping your friend and one of many favorite bartenders or servers, you don't know what sick is.  Getting a job in today's economy is difficult enough, but these people treat the mostly 20 something employees like slave  workers who are fortunate to be breathing the bobby q air.  I can't fathom going in to work everyday wondering if it's my last.  Finally, when a regular has a concern like PUT PEANUTS ON YOUR MENU, it's not just for the patrons benefit, but your own, and you failed to see that, instead you shrugged me off and couldn't get out of my presence fast enough; I know when I'm being patronized, don't forget, I can shop you too, and you failed big time, as in you'd be fired.  Good customer service is what Pita Jungle did where they asked me for my phone number or email address to discuss further (turned out to be pine nuts that were most likely cross contaminated).. . So in conclusion, when you look around and wonder where all the regular money was that you could always count on coming in every dY at the same time, it's probably at the Black Angus, one of your former regulars is now a regular there, people can go there and grab some food and a drink or two without witnessing the torture you inflict on you're employees.  Shame on you.
