Food was ok bread was stale on my sandwich. But service was not good at all! God for bid you ask them to split a check. I was told she cannot do it. Only if we told her when we sit down to start. Well my friends came 30min before me and my wife.  Been in restaurants for 20 years and you do what ever it take to make your customers happy.  So bottom line is we will not be going back for stale bread and half ass service.
It's way too loud in here. I prefer the Central Ave. location.
EVERYBODY raves about this place so I finally went with a friend last week.  I wish I hadn't heard so many good things prior to going because I was severely disapointed.  . Service was AWFUL.  We came at 4 pm so we could get in abotu 3 glasses of wine before the $5 wine ended.  WRONG.  It took 30 minutes each time we ordered a glass of wine and I mean 30 minutes from the time we ordered it.  When we went to order the 2nd glass of wine it was 2 minutes after 5 and luckily since we complained we still got it for the $5 price.  The bruschetta also took an excessive amount of time to come and 2 of the cut pieces had fell of somewhere so we got jipped!  Let me say I once was a server for many years.  This place was not that busy and definetly not so busy that it takes 30 minutes to get a glass of wine.. . Food was ok.  I didn't think the bruschetta was anything special like all myfriends made it seem.  I liked the salmon pesto one, but thats about it.. . I know this review sounds mean and since I have heard such great things I am willing to give this place another try.  I will order a panini and hopefully get quicker service.  If things are better I will be happy to revise my review- if not I will put Postino's in my OVERRATED category
I loved Postino's. Loved, as in past tense. Living in the area for the last several years, Postino's was my go-to place for everything from Saturday night celebrations to making a Monday just a little special. The wine is great, the menu is perfect, the ambiance is downright delightful. It's the staff that makes me cringe. On a recent visit, the snobby hostess told us the wait was 2 hours... But no one was there ... And there were empty tables ... Something did not seem right and when I asked her about it again, she rudely just stared at me. 2 hours later, we got seated and ignored. It took another hour (!) for our bruschetta to arrive to our table. We left feeling hungry  and  neglected. The worst part is that I started to ask around and I have three (3) other friends with almost the exact same experience. After so many happy years at Postino's, I won't go back to the Arcadia location. On the bright side, the Central location boasts the same menu minus the horrid staff.
I have been a regular customer of Postinos Arcadia for about 2 years.  I initially fell in love w/ the ambiance and wonderful bruschetta but to make it better, it is within walking distance of my home.. . Unfortunately I have been disappointed by my last two visits to Postinos.  Most recently I went Tues. evening (5/10/11) at about 6 p.m.  I ordered a Bruschetta and bottle of wine.  The bruschetta came out quickly but tasted stale.  Really, it seemed like it had been assembled hours earlier and sat on the counter waiting for the order.  So sad.  I thought, "this is mediocre at best".  The service was ok, but again, pretty mediocre.  . . I hate to say it, but it seems like Postinos Arcadia might just be getting comfortable with their reputation and has stopped caring about the quality of food and service they were so well known for.  I want to acknowledge that Tues. evenings come w/ a coupon for a reduced board and bottle of wine after 8 p.m.  I was there at prime dinner hour and felt like I was treated as a customer coming only for the "Special of the Day".  I could go just about anywhere in Arcadia and find mediocre bruschetta and service and pay a whole lot less.
My friend and I decided to meet up on Sunday to catch up and decided on Postino's because of their day time drink specials and their Sangira Sunday deal.  I know they are a busy place so I went a few minutes early to grab a table since my friend was driving from N Scottsdale.  . . The Hostess was friendly and told me it would be a 15 min wait for a table so I headed to the bar to grab a drink.  15 minutes pass and I see others that came in after me being seated.  20 minutes pass and I ask the hostess how much longer it would be.  She told me that she couldn't seat me because the rest of my party hadn't arrived yet.  I said yes I am waiting on 1 other person but I came early to get a table while she drove down.  The hostess told me they were busy and can't let people just hold tables all day for their friends.  She rudely said she would seat me now since I complained and lead me over to 2 lounge chairs with 2 wobbly end tables pushed together to make a table.  The idea was cute but made for an awkward eating experience since I was leaning forward and bending down to enjoy eating my lunch.  I had specifically asked for a table so I wasn't sure if we got seated at this table because I had complained as there were other more eating friendly tables available.. . The whole ordeal was very off putting so my friend and I stayed for a bit and then went to another restaurant
I will start off by saying the actual wine and food is decent, but the experience was absolutely horrific.  The food an wine saved this from being a 1 star in my book.. . Strike 1: We got there, and it was a pretty packed.  I was a little astonished to pay $3 for valet.  I am not opposed to valet, but I like my options of free parking and valet.  Usually, you get your parking validated when you dine in the restaurant.  . . Strike 2: We had a party of 7, and majority of our party was there.  We have been waiting for 1.5 hours, and the hostess told us that it would look bad to seat us.  We were waiting more than anyone in line!. . Strike 3: I asked for no cheese on my salad, and I got a buttload of cheese!. . Strike 4: It felt like it was 90 degrees in there.  With the kind of money their business makes, they can keep the A/C at 80 at least!. . Strike 5: The tomatoes on the bruschetta tasted kind of frozen or 2-3 days old.. . I know there are a lot of great reviews, but I had a pretty bad experience.
We decided to visit this place while in the area based on all of the strong reviews from our fellow Yelpers.  We went on a Sunday afternoon (right around 12pm) and had no issues with parking.  We scored a spot in front of the restaurant just as someone else was leaving.. . The place was fairly busy and our party of two was immediately seated at a low table in the front (right by the acoustic musician).  Postino was well decorated and has a ton of seating options.  We wanted to fall in love with this place but just ended up liking it slightly. . . We ordered the butchers block and the bruschetta plus cucumber lemonade and iced tea.. . While everything was okay, I wasn't knocked out of my socks.  My favorite part ended up being the butchers block rather than the bruschetta.  I think the issue that they have is that it is not crispy enough.  The bread was under-toasted and it made for a very chewy experience.  We ordered the Salmon pesto (the smoke flavor is weak and the pesto is strong so it misses there), Burratta, bacon, arugula and tomato (while our waitress claimed this to be her favorite, we were underwhelmed here too.  The bulk of the flavor came from the bacon and the arugula), tomato, basil and mozzarella (my favorite combo done wrong!  There was NO flavor to this and they should have at least provided an olive oil or balsamic drizzle to give it some pop.  The tomatoes weren't fully ripe either and were at the pink stage so they hadn't developed their true tenderness) and Prosciutto, fig and marscapone (by far our favorite since the flavor profile gave us a little bit of sweat, savory and salty).. . All-in-all the place wasn't bad.  Based on the reviews though I just expected a wee bit more from my experience here.  I liked that they have live entertainment on the weekend although it makes it hard to hear when you are seated to close.. . I saw some folks sitting outside although I am not sure of how they survived in 110 degree weather.  On cooler nights though, I can see that being a nice place to hang.. . Oh, I also didn't appreciate having to battle flies for my food.  They kept the door open which meant every critter wanted to beat the eat and join the tables. . . Not sure about returning as I've had this food concept before except with better execution.
crap. Most everything they do is typical Phoenix borefest shit. They are a wannabe establishment brining in folks who I would rather not spend my time next to. Look at my Postino Central review, same shit different spot. Blah. If there is somewhere else to go, go! This place is full pretentious  douchebags. It's hard to get away from in PHX but I think this is the HQ. Food is mediocre. Service is barely mediocre, servers are snots like the rest of the crowd and I can't ever hear what anyone is saying cause its so fucking loud and obnoxious in there. I have been to much better places in phoenix compared to this freakin joint.
Another one of those Camelback places where they basically force you to valet park or head a few blocks away and take your chances in the residential neighborhoods, which is of course what I chose. Valet parking ain't for me anywhere. Try building a parking lot Phoenix before you cram your little fancy wine bars, etc into the area. If you don't like the snobby crowd than steer clear of Postino. Luckily, I arrived before 5pm and squeezed out one glass of $5 wine. If your late, prepare for the $12 wine glass fee ripoff rate. Seems to be a place where all they serve is Brushetta at crazy prices again. It's 14 bucks for 4 pieces of toast with various stuff on them. Personally, brushetta will always just be olive oil, tomatoes and basil on grilled toast. Never tried the food because they have no Happy Hour food deals. Wine bar brings out the gay crowd too, not that there is anything wrong with that, but I will stick to sports bars in the future..     Oh there are no TV sets at all. Had to mention that. NO TV's. NO sports.
Such a happening place with so little service.  Lots of neighborhood restaurants pour your bottle of wine for the table and refresh glasses. Similar establishments, with great ambience, also ask if you would would like another bottle. This Postino's service does not and their bottles aren't cheap. . . Granted, plenty of servers milling around.  Bored support clean off tables but forget to wipe off chairs and at least one appears literally stoned.. . I guess the real question is why the server recorks the bottle with a temporary cork after the first and only service pour. Doesn't the Red wish to breath?. . There were a few service highlights: tastes of the wines freely offered and a quick response for heat for any desert rats (hey! It's 60 degrees, brr.). . Butcher block is always a highlight and I won't give up on this fun place just yet. It simply needs some good floor management.
Overpriced, mediocre food and phony.  The wines are OK but somewhat pretentious.  If you want really good food and good wines, go up the street to Hillstone on Camelback.
Nothing worth writing about except the bruschetta. Most of the wine tastes like cheap box wine and are unrecognizable labels probably stored in a warehouse! Salads are overpriced and no hot entrees...unimpressive.
