We were in Montreal for a wedding and eating excursion.  Before heading back, we stopped at Schwartz's for some brunch. . . The place is busy.  Line was out the door, but the turnaround time is quick. We waited in line around 10-15 mins before we got seated. The dining area seating is cafeteria style.  It gets packed.  You will make friends.  . . We ordered the sampler meat plate to share and also the bbq chicken.  The meat plate is disappointing. Don't get me wrong, it's fresh.  But I guess it's not seasoned because I've tasted much better elsewhere.  The bbq chicken was good however I was worried because it was precooked and reheated on the grill.  I was afraid it would be dry, but they did a decent job of keeping it moist. . . Overall, not memorable. But it's a Montreal staple, so I guess you have to just go and see for yourself.
So in my last review I wrote that it probably didn't taste any different than any other place, and I'd like to correct that. It DOESN'T taste any different than any other place. At the time of my first review, I hadn't been there in over 1 year. I went in to give it another chance, had a smoked meat sandwich, looked at the place, got disgusted, and left. How they can let it get so dirty is beyond me. I've tried better. And the place is MUCH cleaner. What place you ask? well I don't know if it's fair to the owner's of this place if I post it in the review, but it's right next door to H&M (downtown) on Saint Catherines street O (West). Place starts with an R
i understand this is an old school place, and they even have a musical named after it ( see the poster outside the store). But after trying the most famous corn beef sandwich, i really couldn't understand what's so hype about this place. The meat is not very moist and lack of flavor, maybe their old owner had a better recipe?. . not going back again for sure. but as a tourist, maybe u should still give it a chance just to review the history~~
Honestly, I don't see all the buzz with Schwartz's ..it looks more like a tourist trap to me, queuing up for half an hour to get a sandwich the size of a poker card and being yelled at by an employee behind a counter is not what I would describe as an amazing culinary experience....I was there recently and dont plan to go again...so Celine Dion can have her smoked meat all for herself.. . Like I said, it is a tourist trap, the place where tourists go to eat but do not dare to say how crappy the food and the customer service is so they wont have to admit they were had...just a few steps away there is another place with smoked meat with much better customer service.. . And those who say that this is the best place in Canada are only revealing that this is probably the first time they have been in this country and have not been exposed to anything else...LOL
I had heard about Schwartz's on the travel channel. So when I knew I was going to Montreal I had to come here. When I think of smoked meats I get a little high and giddy with excitement. Well the line was out the door when I arrived, so I'm thinking I hit the jackpot. Finally inside and seated at the counter, pastrami's everywhere.I order the sandwich and get ready to sink my teeth into deliciousness. No such luck, below average pastrami and rye bread. The coleslaw was runny, and the meat really fatty. Guess I'm used to good smoked deli meats being from Los Angeles and eating at deli's most of my life. . . Immediately I'm disappointed but what the hell I'm in Montreal and it's beautiful outside. While I'm walking I see several other smoked meat restaurants and they all are empty. I go inside one called Slovenka and it smells heavenly. Don't get the draw of Schwartz's other then it was original and old.
I am sure this place is as great as everyone raves about, but when you're hungry and want a meal, like yesterday, a line out the door with several people giving you the hairy eyeball while waiting in line just won't cut it!   :-(  Gheeesh!  We weren't trying to line jump, just wondering where the line ended??  No smoked meats for us! Hopefully, we will get a chance to try this out while we are in town this week.
It seems funny to me how the best reviews on this restaurants are all from people NOT from Montreal...  I'm not saying its not good smoked meat. But seriously, unless you are a masochist and enjoy long waits and rude service, go somewhere else. Its not good enough to go through the ordeal of getting your food and getting kicked out almost before you are even finished. This is a tourist trap if I've ever seen one.
Overhyped and not very good.  I'm probably just one the folks who just don't "get it".  There was nothing in the sandwich to make me think, wow, this is the best damn sandwich ever, andi'm gonna get my friends to come here.  If it wasn't an old establishment, I don't think folks would be giving his place a pass like they are.  Seriously, it's not that good.
Most overrated Smoke meat restaurant I've ever tried. I've gone there a few time over the years simply from travelers asking to try it and, at best it's good, never great. Besides there's the Main restaurant right across the street that has the best smoke meet I've ever tried and the poutine rocks too.
Les sandwich du restaurant Schwartz's sont souvent sec et petit.  La place offre un service de merde et on attend des heures dehors mais le prix est relativement bas. Personnellement je n'aime pas cet endroit et je crois que c'est une attrape touriste. J'ai personnellement goute a des meilleurs sandwich a la viande fumee a des places beaucoup moins connu a Montreal.
I'm was a Montrealer for 40 years, and I'm now an American.  I hadn't had smoked meat in about 10 years.  I was visiting Montreal for work, and on consecutive days I ate at Lester's (first) and at Schwartz's the very next day.  I'm sorry to say I have to "profane the sacred name": Schwartz's sucks.. . Lester's meat was moist, correctly and adequately spiced and smoke flavor was low, but it was there.  Schwartz's meat was of lower quality, inadequately spiced to the point of blandness, and even though I ordered a medium, was very fat.  I tasted no smoke flavor at all.  It was really second rate smoked meat.. . Schwartz's sour pickle was very good though, I must say.  (I didn't have a pickle at Lester's.). . Lester's was not at all crowded and service was very good.  Schwartz's service was also very good, but it was crowded and as usual I had to share the table I was at.  I didn't mind sharing, because I like talking to people.  (But I talked to people in Lester's too, without being crowded.). . Schwartz's looks like it caters to tourists and ex-Montrealers and anyone that doesn't know better.  Schwartz's has history, but not quality.  I'll be visiting Montreal again in a month and I'll go to Lester's, but not Schwartz's.
Mediocre service and equally unremarkable sandwich.
I was really stoked about Schwartz's due to the great comments I'd heard about it, so I was really disappointed.  When my wife and I walked in, I was surprised to find a dingy little hole in the wall with some serious hygiene issues.  The floor looked like it hadn't been mopped, the tables and walls looked dirty, and our seat next to the rear door gave us a glimpse into a backroom that might as well have had a big sign that says, "RATS AND ROACHES - WELCOME!"  Our waiter did his best impression of a gestapo when taking our order by refusing to smile, make eye contact, or even make any conversation whatsoever beyond, "Yeah, so what do you want??". . There are some great restaurants on Montreal.  This is not one of them.  Don't believe the hype.  The smoked meat is pretty good, but I don't think it was worth spending an appetite there if you're visiting from out of town.  They need to hire some friendly people, and they need to clean the place up.  Yeah, it's nostalgic.  Keeping it vintage cool, I get it.  Guess what...vintage cool doesn't mean you treat customers like crap and let your restaurant turn into a bathroom mop head.  Clean it up.  You have potential, but you have to deliver the whole package, not just a mediocre sandwich.
Land mark
While visiting Montreal we had an opportunity to experience the much raved about smoked meat sandwich here, more akin to corned beef than pastrami and not even close to the product sold at Katz's  in New York. We ordered the medium fat version , which was dry , so maybe the fattier version would be better, but beyond that it wasn't particularly flavorful or smoky. Everything is ala carte,  no pickles on the table.  But the prices are very reasonable . We had a half sour and cole slaw, a sweet vinegar type which was excellent and good French fries, even though I am not a fan generally. The line on a Tuesday night was not that long and we only waited a few minutes at around 7 pm they weren't busy. Mile End in NY is a better take on this style of deli. It was a sad day for us , and I hate to write this negative review our  expectations were really destroyed as we love deli. Also cash only too.
I really hate to say this, but this place is a bit over-rated. My sandwich was mostly gristle and fat. I had better smokes meats the last time I was in Ottawa. I suspect there are better places in Montreal or, hopefully, these guys just had an off day.
I don't get it. It's the one Montreal place you have to take tourists but it is rather bland. if you want a great Smoked Meat sandwich just cross the street to Main Deli. That's a tasty smoked meat, and best part there is usually no line.
I liked it modestly.  But i must say, comparing this to Katz's NYC-it doesn't come close.  The quality and the rich full bodied flavor of Pastrami that is hand cut, vs. the much less spiced and seemingly lower quality meat-smoked meat.  Handsdown-Katz is better.
There is something wrong with Schwartz's on the societal level. I mean, it is more of a feeding troth than a Jewish deli, per se. The sheer volume of meat that is consumed in this place on a daily basis is staggering. At one point, I saw a garbage bin sized food-grade container being carried by two large, struggling men from the kitchen to behind the counter, full of the famous smoked meat. I watched each cut, nearly 200 lbs. worth, be unloaded out by fork, and be given the final pinch test for tenderness. Some were segregated to an insulated container to continue softening, some were ready for temporary sequestration before slicing. The meat then goes to the workspace of a very fat man with a messed up eye, whose sole job is to slice the meat, which he did with a rhythmic panache, his jaw swaying agape in a chewing motion, almost davening with each cut. An older fellow then slowly makes the sandwiches with rye bread and mustard, his hands pressing them into the well-worn plates with a tender push, the meat fat still jiggling off the sides, mesmerizing the packed-in customers under its tender, pink, shiny spell. .      The meat just doesn't stop at Schwartz's, all day or all night, and I can't help but mourn for the arteries of the obese and nostalgic clientele who frequent this place.
I don't get it, or maybe I just don't have a taste for smoked meat. After hearing all the hype I got a sandwich to go (the line for tables was way out the door and down the street). It seemed small for the price ($10 with a pickle), just meat and bread and that's it, no mustard or anything.. . Honestly, it was... bland. About as exciting as eating moist cardboard spread with lard. The pickle was sour and nasty, and there was so little bread to contain the meat that the sandwich fell apart and I had to finish it with a fork. I guess this is how smoked meat connoisseurs like it?. . There's a corner store a block down the other side of the street that sells Vietnamese sandwiches for $2 which are easily twice as good.
was looking forward to trying some quality smoked meat in montreal and went here based on yelp and other peoples reccomendations  overall i was disappointed in the quality of the meat and found it quite dry.  we ended up eating street food nearby from a festival which we enjoyed much more.
Don't believe the hype.. . Sandwiches were just OK and nothing memorable at all. . . Maybe it's the best Montreal has, but I have had better a million times over.... Sorry Schwartz....... but you sucked.
