Food is good but it's a long wait on Saturday.  Also some people in our group were upset over 18% tip charge for large party at a buffet.  Again food is good but you also pay for good service and a wonderful time and having people upset over tip issues takes away from the experience.  If service merits 18% at buffet, no one would have cared.   But service not that great.  Probably will not return.  There are much better places for $40 a person with full service where 18% or more gratuity is well deserved.   If you are a small group the tip issue is of no concern.
Totally overhyped!!!!!. . Good Buffet so far but let me Tell you we went to few openings wynn, cosmopolitan & every Buffet was good when they opened but After few Weeks prices went up quality down very sad& Bad. :-(. . The line for Lunch was about 1 Hour on a monday. Was it worth the wait. No maybe i m Not sure :-(. . . Cashier: omg sloooooooooowwwwww as hell they are Not Even friendly. Hello we waited 1 Hour so just give us a smile Girl. . Host: ok. Didnt explained anything. :-( just seated us. Its a New Buffet i expect more Motivation.  . . Food: Good choices i loved the Pasta. The Guy was so nice & helpFull. Desserts were excellent. But wicked Spoon s gelato is better. . Everything was Good Not excellent. Most of the stuff was cold. . . Decor & ambiance: nice very nice contemporary. . . Waiter: very very nice George i think????. . Girls @ the desserts so nice & patient. . . All in all Price was ok for now. Who knows they will maybe change it soon? 48$ Lunch for 2 with the Reaards Card, Quality was Good but This is how it is when Buffets  just Open.  fresh squeezed oj. ;-). . Why only 2 *? Almost None of the Things were labeled. I Really like to know what i m Putting on my Plate, Waiting Time 1 hour is too Long when just 1 cashier is staying there, the others were not existing  ;-( restrooms Not existing inside or Maybe i missed it???!. Nobody knows the prices???? They are Not Even Written outside. Why is it such a Big Secret????. . . All in all if they Improve& Hold the quality i will try it again.
Don't do what my friends and I did and come right at dinner time.  Coming at 7 on a Saturday night meant waiting for about 1:5 hours till we sat down.  . . The wait staff was very fast and we got drinks served quickly and the plates were cleared promptly.  The OJ here was really good and tasted fresh and not like Tropicana or Florida's Natural.  For costing $17M dollars the placed looked nice.. . The 30 day dry aged Tomahawk rib-eye was the best thing they had imo.  It was cooked perfectly every time, the crust on it was great and was juicy.  But it took me going up there 6 times to get 2 servings of it.. . The quality at sushi station was not good at all and I had better sushi at Famima today.  Their fried chicken, the mussels, the clam bake, the halibut,salmon and mexican food were all overcooked and dry.  . . There were many other things which I was disappointed with but that Rib eye is still in my mind.
FALSE Advertisement. SoO Disappointed. NO Stone Crabs. My friends came all the way from New York & we came here to eat because of the Stone Crabs. When we called to make sure they're serving it they said YES. When we got there after an 1 or so of waiting on line. The host seating us said to ask for the Stone Crabs it's in the back. She also said we can customize what we wanted to eat if they have the ingredients to make it. . . Got in, didn't see the Stone Crabs on display & asked the chefs from behind they said NO they don't have. Asked do you not have it for today only? He said they don't serve it. ?? Confused and upset now. When I called & asked, everyone said they have it & serve it. Asked the chef he said NO & there was none on the buffet line. SIGH. . Went to the sushi area asked the sushi chef if he can make me a salmon, tuna, avocado with crab meat roll. He said NO. whatever is on the buffet line display. I told him thought you guys can customize stuff if you have the ingredients. He just said NO again and went back making whatever he was making. Annoyed & upset again.. . While waiting on line saw these dessert on the screen display and when I got to the dessert area most the stuff on the screen display outside was not there. FALSE Advertisement. HUGE LET DOWN. Also they say there is over 500+ items there was not that many unless your counting all the damn hot sauces & toppings. sigh.. . Also they ran out of creme brulee, waited a very long time, walked in circles too see when there going to get more & finally saw they had a cart there just sitting there. I told the dessert chef that it's behind her & can she just make it now cuz I only wanted one. I was waiting for about 10 mins for it. She said NO it not there yet, they're bring up from the restaurant. I pointed to the cart & she said it's the other side's cart & not her area. BULL Sh%t. Cause 5 mins later she walked over to get the creme brulee tray at the same cart I was telling her. Made me even more annoyed.. . The line to get in was long like always & inside was only about half full. Our waiter was on top of his game but when he went on break. The waitress was kind of slow. It took us about 15 mins to find her & asked to refill our drinks. But she apologized because 1 of the kitchen was a hot mess & she needed to go to a much further one. When our regular waiter came back our glasses was always full. Then bus boys came out & started to get the dishes off our table.. . The Food Overall was OK nothing that I will remember & crave for it.  But the oysters are small which I like but I didn't like the fact that they didn't clean it so good. A lot of them had sand/ dirt in them. I was scared that I can chip a tooth or something.. . Desserts should always be the best part but it wasn't.
The 2 problems with this buffet are the lack of transparency about their prices & dining hours & the over hype about their food. Do they post their prices & hours for lunch, dinner? NO. Can you believe the yelp reviews here? NO. My partner & I read the reviews & had dinner here Thursday Sept 28. We used our Total Rewards card & the bill for the 2 of us with tax was over $82. Reviews mostly don't know what they talking about. 1 review here said beer & wine complimentary with dinner. No, not true. Other review said they have 3 types of crab with even separate section for claws. No, not true. The crab legs are OK but were kind of salty. The salad selection is lacking in variety. Most small portions are OK. The staff is friendly. Bottom line: would we come back? NO
I went to this place on 09/30/12 and I must say this is my new favorite buffet in Vegas. It had the largest selection of good food I have ever seen at a buffet. Any buffet can have a large selection, even Rio's world buffet has a very large selection. What makes Bacchanal different is that the majority of what I ate was very good.. . I liked pretty much everything I had there. I tried to have a bit of everything, but that wasnt really possible. I'll list some of the notable stuff I enjoyed:. . - All the carved meats from the pork ribs to lamb chops. - The dim sum was just as good as what I eat at my local dim sum restaurant. I especially liked the shu mai and xiao long bao. - Beef lasagne was good. - Loved the soup flavor of the tonkotsu ramen . - The carnitas was very good. - They would heat up the crab legs for you on request. - Enjoyed the sushi rolls and hand rolls. . Now why did this place only get 2 stars? Because it had the WORST service I had ever seen! The wait in line was 3 hours. I dont mind if its cuz the restaurant is extremely popular and the wait was warranted due to lack of tables, but that was not the case. The buffet had maybe 1/5 of the staff they needed to keep things flowing. Even the hostess told me that it was because they could not clear tables fast enough. When I was eating, I noticed that the table next to me was never cleared, in fact I saw MANY tables that took forever to be cleared!. . Our server was horrendous. We were at the restaurant for almost 2 hours and I think I saw our server 3 times. Fortunately we ordered 3 drinks per person to last us through the meal, but the plates were never cleared since the server never came. I dont think he was lazy or anything, he just simply had like a million tables to work on. Which in turn left us with empty cups and plates on our table at all times. Which in turn resulted in the 3 hour wait.. . Another thing that bothered me was that the staff told me that if I wanted to pay an additional $15 per person in our party, we can use the VIP line for a shorter wait. . . I would love to come back, but they need to get their staff issues in order.
It has been a while since I've posted a review and perhaps it's because I fell into a rut of going to the same places all the time.  Tonight we decided to try something different and went to the Bacchanal Buffet at  Caesars Palace.. . *** With all these five star ratings I really need to explain my two star rating ***. . The food at this buffet is definitely above average and there are a lot of things to choose from.  . . The staff that handled our beverages and dishes were prompt and friendly.. . The meat selections are pretty tasty and there are a lot of seafood dishes.. . The items that stood out for me personally were the freshly shucked oysters as well as the very tasty lamb chops.  Also, the crepes to order in the dessert area were awesome with a selection of fresh berries.. . *** Here are the challenges they need to overcome that may affect your visit.... . 1.  After spending about 40 minutes in line to pay for the buffet, you spend a little more time in a "continuation line" waiting to be seated by hostess.  The problem is that tonight the hostesses were seating diamond and VIP players card members first before seating ANY of the regular paying customers.  I spoke with a manager named Stefani (sp?) and she told me that the hostesses were to seat people at a 3 VIP to 1 regular customer ratio when there were two lines.  This definitely didn't happen tonight as we waited for the entire VIP line of perhaps 50 or so people (about 12 - 15 different groups) to be seated before us which took about 25 minutes.  After paying a little over $160 for a group of 4, it's a little upsetting to see that you're treated like a nobody while others in the "Diamond / VIP line" get to skip ahead of us "regular" folks.  The manager I spoke to said she'd speak to the hostesses about it but the proof will be when we come back.  I drive a cab here in town so I'll ask my customers about their experiences at the buffet before I start recommending the place.. . 2.  The meat / carving station had a very friendly and very talkative chef / attendant serving to customers.  The problem was as he was talking to each and every one of the people coming thru, the line grew longer and longer for people waiting for prime rib, ribs, lamb chops, brisket, etc..  If the comments would have been short and sweet that would have been one thing but he was flirting with some women in the line as he served them so now what should take a matter of seconds turned into the guy talking with a random patron for 5 minutes while giving her a little of everything.  If there were two people working the station it would have gone so much faster.. . *****. . All said, the food at the buffet is above average for now.  It's a good buffet that could use a little tweaking in the way they handle customers.  This is Vegas after all and customer service is the only thing that will keep people coming back.. . I guess all I really wanted tonight was a sincere apology and an effort to be made to fix the seating fiasco.  I feel I didn't get that and instead was brushed off.  The three other people in my party felt the same.  . . Until they figure out what works and what doesn't I'm not gonna be the one recommending this buffet in my cab.  . . **I'll update this review in the next week or so as I have friends who are coming in to town who want to go here.
NOT impressed. NOT worth the wait. NOT worth the price ($45). . After waiting for an hour and a half, we were very excited to try the food but ended up so disappointed :( . . 1st trip around, everything tasted like it was left out for too long or over cooked. The chicken soup was good. 2nd trip around, everything was cold...but the lamb chop was good.. . We got in at 8 pm, it's unacceptable that anything should be cold or taste like it's been left out for too long especially if it was busy... doesn't make any sense.. . The desserts and service were decent; tonkatsu ramen was surprisingly good. I don't see myself coming back here anytime soon. Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan is better in my opinion.
Yelp misled us here or we arrived on an off night. The quality of everything we tried was subpar. Mind you, being from San Francisco, we have very high food standards. This place just didn't cut it, especially after waiting in line an hour and a half. We ate at the Wynn buffet before and it was much better. I definitely wouldn't return here or recommend it.
BEWARE they do not served crab legs M-F until dinner.My waitress LD or JD was wonderful.They had a different variety of foods.Will not go again.
I had heard wonderful things about this buffet and believing it couldn't be all hype, my husband and I ate here last weekend. . . I've eaten at almost all the buffets in anyone's top 10 list of Vegas buffets. I really didn't see this one as being in the top 5. . . The crab was previously frozen and tasted like it. The lamb chops were cooked correctly but lacked seasoning. The deserts I tasted were meh or just OK. Many of the items were constantly out of stock and waiting to be refilled. The setup of the buffet was poor. What I mean by that is that there are lots of angles and corners so it's pretty easy to get boxed in or out when a crowd forms, which was normal. . . The setup to get in to the buffet was the worst I've ever seen. Consistently, there was just one person taking peoples $$ causing a huge multiple hour long queue to form. Alternatively, you could pay an additional $15PP to cut through the line. On that side, there were 2 or 3 people checking people in at any given time. The check-in folks were clueless to the unrest of the crowd and offered no apologizes from the long and unnecessary wait (the dining was NOT full by any means). . . The waitstaff seemed to be overworked. I ordered a soda and was given 2 glasses of soda, presumably because we would never see our waiter again, which was the case. . . I still say Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan is the best buffet in vegas...I'll avoid Bacchanal in the future.
Great decor. That is all i can really say about this place. I would definitely prefer Wicked Spoon and Bellagio Buffet over Bacchanal. It was too expensive and the hostesses/staff move at sloth pace! To get crab you have to line up. To get to the carving station you have to line up. It makes no sense to line up to get into the buffet and line up again to get your food.
Pro: Variety of offerings, good juices, some tasty salty breakfast meats. . Con: Overpriced ($45+ for Sunday breakfast at 8a), slow service, many things were cold even though they just opened - why do I have to walk from middle of line to end of line to get cream cheese for my bagel - bagels and cream cheese need to be placed together. . Nice place but overpriced - this was not a champagne breakfast - should not be $45 - also should not have cold food that should be hot at that price
not worth the 2 hour 10 minute wait and the $43 + tax for weekend dinner. . dined with au, jq, ln, mn, and nn. . there really wasn't that much food in each section to choose from:. - the chinese section had a few dim sum items that are more mainstream: shrimp dumpling, siu mai, pork bun, shanghai dumpling, glutinous rice wrapped in lotus leaf. then there were the items that you would see at panda express. and there were a few that you would see from a chinese deli like roast duck. i only tried the roast duck in this section and it was leaner than the ones in sf. it tasted no different than the ones i normally get, but the skin was a bit crispier because it didn't steam in a container to transport it from ctown to home. . - in the japanese section, there were 4 types of bite size sushi: california, california with a piece of cooked shrimp, tuna, and california with tuna on top. it tasted okay, but nothing to brag about. the short ribs were chewy and my teeth couldn't tear it apart.. - the italian section was just mainly pizza and a few other hot items. we only tried the fried calamari which borrowed the idea of serving it in a a mini frying basket from another buffet. it was well seasoned and cooked to the right consistency (not rubbery).. - around the corner is the mexican section with various salsa and make your own taco type thing. they have a huge circular grill that you would see at a mongolian noodle place, but most of it was not used. the chicken tamale had lard so i only ate half of one. the tiny sliver of chicken was can barely be seen, but the masa was not grainy and had a smooth even texture. . - the breads don't visually look very good. i saw some slices of baguette and took one to try and it was dried to the core. i can't imagine what the other breads were like if they messed up on a simple baguette. . - southern foods was the next stop. the sweet potato tots didn't have the excess sugar added like the sweet potato fries. the oil for the fried chicken was stale and that flavor passed onto the chicken. after ripping off the batter, the drumstick beneath was moist, but it's hard to dry out dark meat. the fries had a hard, brittle, dense starchy texture. the waffle fries were too salty.. - carved meats station turned out to be a fat station. a slice of brisket 6x4" had 0.5x2" of meat and the rest was fat. and the small piece of meat was marbled with fat. then there was some other meat that was dry. . - the line for seafood was long. the crab legs were too salty. the salmon was okay. the shrimps were big and not rubbery. the mussels in the buttery broth were my friends' favorite in that entire section. . - from the dessert section, i tried the creme brulee which was very rich and the sugar wasn't crispy, so it's been sitting out. the color of the french macaron didn't match the color. i had a gray one which i thought would be earl grey but it turned out to be blueberry, but the almond extract masked the blueberry pretty well. the crepes were made by a newbie. i had one just cooked and the other was practically burnt. jq took a bite of of each dessert and didn't like most of it. . . our server was a nice elder gentleman who stocked our table with water as well as other beverages. when asked if there was hot chocolate he said he'll check to see if they have that and suggested to have that towards the end of the meal because that will make you full. but i don't think they have that.
Seriously, 5 stars for this????   We arrived at 7pm on a Friday night, the line was  long and not moving.  I asked the one of the workers if there was a handicap line and he said he would check  (I wear leg braces and cannot stand for long periods of time).  The worker directed me to another line, which I later found out was the express line where you can pay $15 to bypass the "regular" line.  Ok, after explaining to the cashier I was sent through her line and didn't have to pay the $15 extra due to ADA, she finally agreed (after asking her manager).   And then I come to the hostess.  I show her my receipt and she tells me next time I need to go to the other line because I didn't pay the $15 express fee.  When I told her I was sent there for ADA reasons, she looked me up and down and gave me a look like I was lying to her.  Whatever lady, there won't be a next time.  . . Ok, so we are finally seated.  The line to get in was so long, and not moving, yet 1/3 of the tables were empty.  It took forever for a server to great us.  The poor guy at the table next to me kept asking every worker who passed him for a pen, but he was ignored.  He said he was sitting there for 30 minutes asking for a pen, with no luck (I believe him, since I saw him ask at least 5 times and each time he was ignored). . . So after about 7 minutes, we are greeted and our soft drink order was taken (our drinks were never refilled the entire evening).  And then we were off to check out the buffets.  Yes, there are many different cuisines to choose from, and I tried a little something from each buffet, but I have to say, nothing wowed me (well, maybe just the sweet potato tots).   $45 and a 2 hour wait for the average person.  Not worth it.  Oh, and within 45 minutes after eating there, I was on the toilet for the remainder of the night (and also when I woke up the next morning).   . . I guess if you are a fan of buffets and don't mind waiting 2 hrs (if there is a line) and don't mind shelling out $45 pp, then go for it, I'm sure you'll find this enjoyable.  Me, I think I can find something better to spend my time and money on.
Good food.  Slow to get in even when there's plenty of seating available.  Very Spotty service. Now that they raised prices (most expensive buffet on strip that I've gone to), I won't return.  Back to Bellagio which is now cheaper.
A feast for the eyes but not for the stomach. The modern design and sleek interior is just a facade (not surprising in a city known for it). As the title holder of the #1 buffet in Las Vegas, Bacchanal was a total and utter disappointment. . . After hoping off a plane, my family and I waited a good 3 hours in line for dinner. We waited in a second line for another 1/2 an hour (after we paid) and watched as management miserably failed to try and seat people in a orderly fashion. It was chaotic and completely unorganized. A party behind us with the same number of people cut through and were seated before us, which of course pissed us all off. Needless to say the manager got more than an earful from my brother in law for their handling of the situation. Service was just bad overall.. . So once we were finally seated, we waited in another line for the food. Oh and the  food...it was mediocre at BEST. Sure there was a huge selection but the emphasis at Bacchanal is definitely quantity over quality. They boost 9 show kitchens which includes sushi. Something I absolutely enjoy eating. Looking at the images on the website and reading the rave reviews, I sorta imagine myself tasting the fine texture and subtle flavors of fresh fish and perfectly prepared rice but what my palette was treated to was a poorly presented piece of bland crap that looked like something my 6 year old niece assembled with her hands! . . As I moved on to try the rest of the Asian fare, I was treated to take out type quality Chinese food. I mean this was not even on the same level as your local P.F Chang's. Sadly it did not get better from there. The Italian food lacked authenticity - having hailed from Providence, R.I I was expecting to taste the comforts of home made lasagna and pasta. Not so. I found everything else offered to be just eh or ok but nothing spectacular including the French Macarons which was a total fail - the crust to filling ratio was not proportional and the filling tasted like super market icing. It was crapstatic. My party agreed that the wait and the money we spent ($45 + tax per person) was not worth it! My mistake because I insisted on eating here. So yeah I gambled and we all lost our appetite...
Plenty of variety, everything was just "ok". . Jack of all trades, master of none.  I've had better buffet sushi here in detroit buffet's . . Lot's of stuff I've never seen before.  I went at 2:30 on a Wednesday and did not have to wait at all.. . 31.99 BEFORE tip and all i drank was water.. . If this is the best buffet on the strip the other's must be totally awful.  I thought Vegas buffet actually had "AMAZING FOOD"??  It's just total over indulgence.. . Way to expensive for mediocre food.  for half that I can eat at the Grand Lux cafe inside the Venetian and have EXCELLENT food.
I tried every single item they offered, I kid you not!  I'm seriously not impressed and think that the $44.99 price tag per person is too much!  . . This buffet offers pretty much every cuisine you can think of, except Indian.  How cool would that be if they had a little naan station though?!?!  Anyway, there's nothing really out of the ordinary that they offer.  Every station had "American" staples that Americans enjoy most.  . . Chinese: pecking duck, chow main, dim sum, fried rice.  Italian: pizza, pasta, meatballs, Japanese: miso soup, ramen, rolls, nigiri.  Stuff like that.  The standard fare any buffet pretty much offers.  I didn't see anything that stood out or made me feel like... "Damn, this ish was worth $50!. . I go to buffets because of the variety.  I can't say I ever eat my money's worth, but I really did want to put forth the effort and try everything so I can be as fair as possible in my review.. . The crab legs were a total fail as well.  It was too salty and overcooked.  I love indulging on crab legs during my visits to a buffet, but I couldn't even finish the plate they gave me.  *it is nice that they offer warm & cold though.. . I'm actually a little disappointed cause the pictures posted gave me a lot of hope!  I really thought it was going to live up to all its hype.  They didn't offer some of the stuff pictured.  I went on a Sunday night if that makes a difference.. . I thought their desserts were just ok.  I prefer the one at the Wynn for sure.  They offered a lot of different pastries, but they looked better than they tasted.  The gelato selection wasn't too great, but I did like the baklava flavor!  They also had mango chile, which reminded me of those Mexican candies!  Yum!  There was a crepe station as well.. . I didn't experience the service you other yelpers are talking about.  My server took our drink orders and that's about it.  I was with a party if six and we were stacking plates ourselves pushing them to the side.  There was a girl who kept coming to clear them out.  She also replenished our drinks.  Our server started doing his job towards the end, when we were just about ready to finish up.  I paid for my group with CC and wanted to tip with cash after we finished.  I don't know if that made a difference, but i'm sure we probably would've received better service if I had tipped upfront.  Again, that shouldn't matter, but service was nonexistent for my group.. . Overall, I probably won't come back.  The quality of the food was better than most buffets, but Wynn would still be my choice.  I think ambiance has a lot to do with it as well.  The decor at bacchanal was kind of bland.  It's modern and sleek, but lacked character.
If you eat here pay for the express pass. Or you could go to M Resort's buffet, not wait in the long line and not spend $70pp!
I read a review below that you should go to the Wicked Spoon instead. GO TO THE WICKED SPOON INSTEAD.  Good, that should clear that up. .   Look I don't mind dropping a $100 on a good meal, but when you start spending $50 a person, the food needs to be delicious and the dining needs to be an experience. So-so on the delicious and FAIL on the experience.  .     So of their menu items were actually NOT good at all. I tried some of their BBQ at the carving station and it was dry to the point of being toast like. Furthermore I don't know who is responsible for keeping everything clean here, but they fail EPICALLY. The place is disgustingly dirty. .      On top of that I got my water refilled once, and I basically had to stalk the server down TWICE in order to get it taken care of. Seriously this place is not worth this kind of money. Go to the wicked spoon at the Cosmo instead.
Tried it since most reviews were good, but should have listen to the unsatisfied honest reviews, it took 2 agonizing hrs. in line to reach the table which is well set and clean but wait you have to get in line again yes again for the food this time, service was good but after lining up again for food it was just okay not worth the long lines. Sashimi was not that fresh, Todai is better reasonable price & no lines. Oysters were sweet but the shuckers were slackers they were too SLOW on opening up the well liked oysters and they were shucking the tiny oysters not good, crab legs forget about it lacking in taste too low of a quality. I DO NOT recommend to spend 2 hrs in line for a so..so food.
I paid $50 to stand in line for 2.5 hrs. for dinner on the day after Christmas.  I was thoroughly disappointed by the variety offered and the taste of the food.  They have different stations offering Chinese, Japanese, American, Mexican, Italian and Seafood.  The Seafood station offered crab legs, raw oysters and shrimp, but you have to stand in line for that.  There was variety, yes, but that doesn't mean they give you the good stuff.  All I remember was the impression I got was they gave me a wide variety of cheap stuff.  I ate mostly American.  I couldn't find mashed potatoes.  The roast beef was chewy even though it was medium rare, but the prime rib was o.k.  The variety of American food was very limited.  The fruits weren't even ripe.  The desserts tasted strange.  Many of the ice cream had peppermint mixed in, and you would never know it since they look like regular ice cream.  I got a chocolate ice cream and ended up not eating it because it had peppermint.  I got the tiramisu and it was very heavy.  The creme brulee had some other flavor in it; can't remember whether it was berry or peppermint; I didn't finish it.  The chocolate creme brulee was so sweet I COULDN'T finish it.  My family has never had so many unfinished items from a buffet (we don't normally waste food).  We are never going back again.  Definitely overpriced.
There are two possible scenarios here.  One, my anticipation may have resulted in a harsh star rating.  Or, this buffet simply didn't meet my expectation.  I'm leaning towards the latter.. . . After reading the reviews, and looking at the pictures, I was excited for the small plate concept, the variety, and beauty.  That is, until I realized that this place was more novel than delicious.  . . The layout is cumbersome, and other than presentation, the food taste more like typical buffet fare than Vegas magic.  The fried chicken, burgers, and lamb chop were under flavored and slightly over cooked.  The seafood choices, for the most part were unimaginative.  My grilled corn was undercooked, individual lasagna overcooked, and the majority of the Asian section was pedestrian.. . On the other hand, I liked the dim sum section, I enjoyed a tasty meatball, brisket, watermelon and feta salad, and steaming the crab was a nice touch.  But after a two hour wait, and $108, it just doesn't add up.  If you must go, go right before brunch, and stay for dinner.  But, if you want a Vegas buffet experience go to the Wynn, Bellagio, and Paris.  I know the Wynn and Bellagio have been suggested forever, but with good reason: they amaze with their ability to make large quantities of food actually taste good.  Although their food is not as trendy as bacchanal, it simply taste better.  The Paris is a bit underrated for their quality and choices.
The quality of the food isnt worth the price. Wicked spoon had similar food that was better priced. This place was simply overpriced and had horrible service.. . Not worth the price. It's about $50 per person for dinner. The quality of the food rivals the wicked spoon buffet at the cosmopolitan but ive gotten better service at a ten dollar Chinese buffet in a strip mall. . . The lines for the headline items can get pretty long if you hit the dinner rush. The prime rib, rib eye, and the Kobe sliders were way too salty. However the lamb was cooked and seasoned well. . . The other big draw is the king crab legs. I hesitate to call the guy dunking the crab into boiling water a chef because he didn't know the difference between the king crab I asked him to steam from the snow crab legs he handed to me. Regardless his rude attitude prompted me to complain to the manager (my first time ever complaining at any restaurant...normally I just leave). . . Besides the lack of service and the rude staff, the food doesn't merit the price. Sure you can try to get your money's worth if you keep going back to the prime rib and king crab while avoiding fillers like the fries or fried rice, but there was nothing that stands out. . . The desert selection was nice and had a friendly chef in the crepe station, as well as a nice Aztec chocolate gelato that was spicy for even a guy that asks for "thai hot".. . Given a choice, I'd just go back to the wicked spoon rather than waste my time and money at bacchanal. The food is better, cheaper, and served without a scowl on the "chef's" face.
Maybe that is the problem with high expectations.... . I've heard for a few months now how I had to try the Bacchanal Buffet and how it was the best in Vegas.  I understand the days fo the $9.99 buffet are over and I have no issue shelling out $40-$50 for a premium buffet...but when I do so, I expect premium food and service.. . Honestly, I didn't find the food to be spectacular, or at least enough so to make me forget about the horrible service.  There were many items I enjoyed throughout my many samplings.  Overall, I was just perplexed at time by the set up and extremely frustrated by the service.  Maybe someone can help me with this one.  You have a long line building for crab legs (rightfully so) but why put the drawn butter at the beginning of the line...with no cups or other dishes to hold said butter.  Should i just lather it on an empty plate?  Upon further review, perhaps the crab legs should have been the START of the line and the butter the end...this would also explain why lemons, tartar sauce, horseradish and cocktail sauce were AFTER the chilled shrimp.  If this is the case, then why isn't there someone directing traffic?  I mean it wouldn't hurt to have people using the buffet the way it was designed instead of lining up the wrong way and getting in the way of the staff trying to go in and out of the kitchen and dodging swinging doors and carts.  The lines were going completely backwards.  You'd expect a place dubbed as the best to operate like a well oiled machine.. . Another perplexing thing is how the line to get in is so incredibly long to get in but then inside the place is half empty and seemingly understaffed.  I'm looking around at waiters standing around, managers setting tables, dirty tables, and I can't get a drink order filled.  Our original waitress disappeared for awhile after serving us initially before I spotted her standing around doing nothing in another section.  I asked two different people and waited roughly 20 minutes for a drink towards the tail end of the meal before we decided to get up and leave.  This was all after we sat around for 10 minutes before a waitress even came by to take the first drink order.  Two beverages in 60+ minutes and nobody walking around filling up waters seems a bit unacceptable.  In addition, nobody came by to clear used dishes and glasses until we were almost forced to turn around and put them on an empty table just to make room.  I mean this seems like Buffet 101 type stuff to me...when people get up to get another plate, you clear the previous plate and/or bring a drink.  I don't know if we caught them at a bad day/time but $52 and a 30 minute wait is a bit too steep for me to run back and find out, especially with other good options down the street.  When comparing to Wicked Spoon in terms of price, food, and service, I would choose Wicked Spoon every time.
Definitely not worth the $35. It's decent as far as buffets go, hence two stars instead of one, but there are so many other places to eat where you won't get ripped off and have decent food.
Came here after reading all of the yummy reviews. Pretty disappointed!. . Came here on a Saturday, waited almost 2 hours in line. Then had to wait in more lines just to GET the food, like meat and seafood. They ran out of oysters sadly, so you see 2 people behind the counter trying to crack open the shells as fast as they can. Long line of people waiting to get the oysters, which holds up the seafood line. Seems like they are understaffed. Not good. Then for the meat, had to wait in another long line. The meat is sitting under a heated lamp, so for prime rib, it was medium well to well done. I like it medium rare! Sucks.. . Sushi was ok, not much variety. Desserts were yummy though. That's pretty much it. Pretty pricey, but I didn't have a good experience.
Okay, I hope I don't get shot for disagreeing with the masses. I ate here on Friday night for dinner, so mymeal was $55 + gratuity. For $60+, I wish I hadn't pre-paid my tip at the register with my card. . . Seafood was not great at all. I tried everything except for one cooked fish dish that I can't remember. Bland AND salty. Way too salty. Yes, I know these are saltwater creatures, but that's just insane. Some were also overcooked so they were dry. . . Prime rib was okay, rib eye lollipop was so disappointing (tough and flavorless), but the lamb chops were so good! Sadly when I went back to end my savory part of the meal with another lamb chop or two, these were not as flavorful as the first round. The line for the meats was a mess--it combined with people trying to exit the seafood line, the staff going in and out of a kitchen door.. . I didn't try much (or any) of some of the Mexican/Italian/Asian offerings, mostly because nothing looked particularly good or unique. Some of the deli meats in the Italian area were good, though some were a little.. strange. Maybe I was supposed to pair it with one of the cheeses? And the cheeses looked super cool on display, until I realized they were brands like President's brie, which I can find in any grocery store. I wanted sushi but they looked... off. Like they weren't as fresh as I would have preferred.. . Dessert was much better, though! I had mochi ice cream, carrot cake, macarons, and a cookie (or was it a mini cupcake? or a cheesecake pop? clearly this was not memorable enough...) Crepe line was too long, and they had run out of bananas foster when I looked, so I didn't want to wait.. . WORST PART:. I came with two friends who paid together while I paid for myself. The hostess accidentally gave our seating book (with our receipts and pre-paid tips) to a group of 4 and gave us theirs. We have no idea this happened. When our server came to ask for our drink order, he was confused when we said there was no fourth person at our table. He kept saying, "It says 4!" Us: "We're just 3..." And he made us repeat our drink orders. He snatched the seating book and walked away saying he needed to check on something. Minutes later, one of the hostesses is at our table demanding our receipts. We take them out, and we ask what's wrong. She couldn't answer us, but said that we had done nothing wrong. Yet, when we asked what we needed to do or what she needed from us, she wouldn't leave. She finally stomps away when we firmly said, "Well, if we did nothing wrong and we've shown you our receipts, like you've asked, then... what do you still need?" (Not so subtle hint.) She leaves. Then a SECOND hostess comes rushing to our table and asks to see our receipts. Again. This time, we finally get an answer on what's wrong, and she explains the mistake that I mentioned in the first part of this paragraph. She says she just needs our receipt numbers and names so she can track down the table and server that had our receipts so the right servers could get the right pre-paid tips. . . We never hear back from the hostesses again, so we never found out if they had straightened out the issue. Our server seemed to be backed up by too-attentive server from the table next to us, so he was actually the person to notice that our drinks were low. But, we were never introduced to this guy... . . So, yes, Yelp says it best: "Meh. I've experienced better." Go anywhere else and save yourself the money. Enjoy the pretty decor made of a billion cups from the outside.
Food quality was inconsistent, slow service, long lines at seafood and carving station, and poor value for price paid.  Some things were great: lamb chops, street tacos, and seafood little plates.  The cooking staff behind the lines were just bothered at times.  The music at 3pm was a distracting clubby trance.  The whole experience did not live up to the hype.  It just seemed this buffet was trying too hard to be hip and cool, at the expense of providing a consistent quality product.. . The M Resort, The Wynn, and The Cosmopolitan buffets are much better quality and value.
I tried the Brunch at Bacchanal Buffet for $40 per person.  After all, it was not worthy my $40 and was quite disappointed.  There was no line when getting into the buffet.  I was expecting a long wait because the previous reviews online.  . . I understand that Brunch was the combination of breakfast and lunch.  Of course I found a lot of breakfast related foods.  Such as potato, eggs and bacon.  I just remember seeing a lot of potato plates.  I supposed to be a fan of potato but it was just way too much.  . . The only thing I could remember that was good was the Chinese chicken ginseng soup that comes in a little pot container.  The soup was pretty good that I have to compliment and in a little cute pot.  . . For the Japanese section, I was hoping to see some nice sushi selections.  Too bad, they only had some rolls that were not looking good.  They have small slices of sashimi combination in a little bowl but wasn't great at all. . . After all the disappointment, we waited until 3pm to see if they have more stuff for the dinner time.  I tried their little pearl oysters which I think were pretty fresh so we ate about 20 pieces.  We tried the lobster soup but wasn't that good. . . So overall the experience wasn't that great for me and for $40 it wasn't worthy at all.  I could have pay less for the Bellagio buffet that has much more items.  And remember, the dinner price was about $48.
This buffet is full of HYPE. I would rather go to Wicked Spoon and spend less $$$ and eat better food, hands down. My boyfriend and I waited an hour and a half JUST TO PAY then had to wait 45 more minutes TO GET SEATED. On top of that, there was a 25 minute line JUST TO GET FOOD. WOW, really?! I was getting so annoyed because the line was up to  the "make your own" taco section and the seafood was on the other end of it basically. It made me not want to get up and wait for more food because I didn't wanna keep waiting in that line. I am sooo disappointed with this buffet. I really wanted to like it since I LOVED Wicked Spoon and this was proclaimed "The Best Buffet in Vegas." I think they should re-analyze that and consider everything else. The buffet was so packed and the buffet itself was so dirty. Food on the floor, no serving spoons on some dishes which made other people use a spoon they weren't supposed to which cross-contaminates the dish. The sushi is very low quality. The presentation of it is very mediocre. This was the first and only time I will ever eat here again. If you're debating whether or not you want to go to Wicked Spoon or Bacchanal Buffet next time you're in Vegas, I suggest going to Wicked Spoon instead. Going here is like a waiting game. You have to wait for everything which defeats the purpose of a buffet -_-. . $50 per person on a Saturday night.
O how the mighty have fallen.... . I remember checking this place out at an Elite Event last year, it was great, food was fresh, service on point, I had no complaints. In fact, I thought it was one of the best buffets in town.. . Fast forward to today, minus the Yelp Elite treatment I got to see the typical consumer experience and I was sorely disappointed. The major issue with the place is the price: $50 bucks, but Ill get to that part later.. . The food quality has really dropped off recently. We visited on a Thursday for dinner, and after waiting in like for about 30 min (which I heard is a short wait) We got in, shelled out $200+ for 4 people and went off get some food. Unfortunately, Bacchanal has fallen into the ways of many other buffets in town. Much of the food sat under heating lamps. The once crisp pizzas are now soggy and poorly replenished. The carving station now serves up a 50/50 portion of fat and meat. The carvers give little attention to giving you the best cut. The watermelon/feta cheese dish which I adored is gone (maybe just on the day I went). Souffle station? not open, sushi? a mess. Most of the cheese/meats were gone. Chicken fingers were replaced with dry and over-fried chicken wings. And I still don't know why they don't place ranch/dipping sauces in the vicinity. Not really up to the caliber of what I once experienced. . . The service was abysmal. After our initial visit, we had to flag down other servers for refills. We never got any of our condiments, and we watched as the dirty plates piled up on our table. We weren't the only ones, while waiting in the long line for the carving station I saw other diners place their used plates on other tables to clear up space on theirs. Really sad. And speaking of lines, I am almost convinced that the buffet is set-up to maximize the wait for the good stuff. The lines to the carving station and seafood are lonnnng. Expect to wait 15min to get a serving of fatty prime rib or some luke-warm crab. bleh.... . Now this all brings me to bigger issue: value. At $50 I think this place is outrageous. Keep in mind that they have upped the price from what used to be $40.. and it does not include free drinks! Other buffets in town (IE: The M buffet) at least includes unlimited beer and wine, Bacchanal wants even more $$$. They do at least offer a pretty big wine list. At $50+ a pop you are approaching fine dining prices, places in CP like Mesa Grill will get you a lot more for your money. Better quality food, better experience, and definitely better service. Now don't get me wrong, Bacchanal is a pretty good buffet. It offers up stuff you can't find anywhere else but its simply not worth it. You get a wide selection of average food.. . Couple of bright spots: . . They now serve up mochi woo!. Street taco station is as good as ever!. Place looks amazing, best looking buffet in town.. Desert station is on point, every dessert you could want.. . But be warned: you will be leaving feeling full, but not satisfied.
Normally I don't give 2 star's but I am going to give this over hyped buffet one for the first time being that I'm a buffet lover and have experience in tons of them to compare to.. . First off this is as I seen one if not the most expensive buffet's in town right now with myself paying $48 to get in even with a player's card.. . 2nd off I have no clue how they got 500 dishes out of the mixture there is no way by far 500 dishes in this buffet there is the same amount of selection from stateion to station as any other typical big buffet in Vegas maybe there trying to hype up the fact you can CUSTOMIZE a dish up to 500 ways but either way I'm not buying it because I was expecting to see once again THE KING OF BUFFET'S here!. . Let's say the quality was very poor, the rice in some dishes tasted like rice in a bag, the Italian food was very bland nothing interesting or unique especially the meat balls tasted like frozen freezer selection. They didn't even serve steak so I had to settle on pork chops also that were very cheap in quality.. just the list goes on and on of just miss after miss of trying to hit the spot on quality and selection.. . The only positive thing I can say about this place is that my greeter was very nice and gave me a quick tour of the place and the server was a very nice gentleman which I tipped him accordingly but other then that I'll never return.
After reading rave reviews on Yelp I decided to give this a try.  Boy, was I disappointed!  We made the mistake of going for dinner while having a show to catch afterwards.  So we decided to pay the extra $15 express fee to jump the line.  The decision shortened our otherwise 2-hour wait to a mere 15 minutes, followed by another 15-minute wait to be seated.  After we got seated, I was flabbergasted to find that half the tables were empty and many were simply not cleared from the previous seating.  We then went to get our food, only to stand in the "seafood line" for yet another good 20 minutes.  The reason is, I guess, after paying an exorbitant amount of money and wasting a good 30 minutes (or 2.5 hours, if you didn't pay the extra $15) of your life in lines, everyone went for what is perceived to be the most expensive items:  fresh oysters and freshly boiled crab legs.  Once you get your food (and assuming you are smart so you get the less popular items last so they don't get cold while you wait 20 minutes for your oysters and crab legs) it is tasty, but not spectacular.  The food is too salty for me.  I read a previous review where someone said it is their way to stuff your bellies with liquids.  Well, I fell victim to it and drank lots of water.  The service is just OK.  We had to ask to get our water glasses refilled and we got a dirty glass (bright red lipstick and you can't see it before you put that on our table????)  The seats are too low and tables too high, particularly for short people like me.  Wonder if they were designed that way to kick us out quickly.  By comparison, my experience at the Bellagio was way better and my experience at the Wynn the night before was more pleasant even though the food is a notch down.  In short, I will not come here again and I do not recommend it.
I had such high expectations after the last visit to Bacchanal Buffet. After the hiking trip we stayed overnight at Las Vegas just so we could go to Bacchanal Buffet again, but, after all the excitement, the food didn't turn out as great as I remembered it to be, especially with the prices we paid and the time we waited.. . Maybe it's because of the Chinese New Year, or maybe because it's the President Day weekend, prices were $49.99 with Total Rewards card, and there was a 2hr line at around 8pm. As we've experienced the much longer Thanksgiving hype, we were prepared to wait for it.. . At the pay counter, they gave us small little silicon plate grabbers and said to use that because some of their plates tend to be hot, and I thought that was a very nice gesture.. . After we were sat, we all went to the seafood counter right away, because it always has the longest line ever, and of course, I couldn't wait for those yummy oysters! After waiting patiently for my turn, I filled up a plate full of freshly shucked oysters as well as a few oyster shooters and went back to my table a happy gal.. . The oyster shooters were still very good, but I couldn't help but notice the oysters were generally smaller than what I had the last time. And as I wolf down the delicacies (I was very hungry after a day's hiking and standing in line), I also got more of the broken off shells into my mouth. It's understandable I guess, with only one person shucking the oysters but so many people waiting on them, one cannot expect the staff to wipe the debris and broken shells off... . . As I ate a few more pieces, I found myself actually using the lemon wedges because the oysters had just gotten too fishy without the lemons. Uh Oh, that's not good! Oysters weren't fresh enough! But hey, it's 10pm right, it's been a whole day right, can't expect them to still be fresh at so late a time right. Except, I've had perfectly shucked fresh juicy oysters on my Thanksgiving trip at 10pm also! But I just love oysters, so who cares about how fresh the oysters were when I can have as many as I want right? Yeah... that's what I thought, until I bit into one that had gone bad! I've had oysters at other buffets, granted, they were the cheap big chunky version and didn't taste that great, but none I've had at a buffet had actually gone bad. I couldn't believe my luck when I had this happen at a supposedly top tier buffet. After that incident, my appetite for seafood just went whoosh.. . With no more craving for seafood, I was left to explore the many other options offered at Bacchanal. So I walked around the place abit, noticed that they offered nigiri but no sashimi at the Japanese station, and was further put off. The plus side is the rice that came was the nigiri was smaller than at other buffets, but it still wasn't sashimi where you can have as many raw fish as you want, and I do feel bad leaving all the rice uneaten, so I ended up not getting any from the Japanese station.. . The tater tots and sweet potato tots were still very good, though not as crispy as I wished. I guess they were left on the station for too long, and the kitchen definitely won't be making more as they were close to closing.. . At the Chinese station I've noticed a small black-brownish pot, and the tag said "black chicken soup". Now that's something nice! As I tried to pick up the pot, it was still way too hot for my sensitive fingers, so I remembered the plate grabber I got at the counter, except the pot is too thick for the grabber to work! Urgh! With no utensils around to help me pick up the pot, I was forced to pick up the pot with my fingers. Sigh... the things we do for food... The a bit burned fingers were well worth the sacrifice, because the soup was just soooo tasty! I definitely recommend everyone to try out their black chicken soup! (Unless you are into heavy flavors, then you'll find the soup to be flavorless or too light.). . My second favorite of the night was the mochi. Sadly you can only get two at a time, but several trips back to try out all the flavors were worthwhile the time. The ice cream wasn't too sweet, so it can act as a good palette refresher as well. The rice was soft and almost creamy, unlike the usually sticky and chewy mochi you buy at the frozen section of a supermarket. Definitely try them out when you visit.. . . Overall... I'm disappointed with this time's visit. The food in general just wasn't as fresh nor tasty as the last time. For the price I pay and the time to wait in line, I don't think it's worth it to visit Bacchanal again.
Highly overrated..... Everything in this buffet looks gorgeous, I can't argue that at all. I have never seen such a huge selection of foods at a buffet in my entire life. Everything looked wonderful and unique.... but nothing tasted that way. Everything was bland, the fish was NOT fresh, and not one thing impressed me. The chili and little tacos were probably the best things we had..... We were really disappointed. Everything was cold or melted by the time we got it back to our table. This buffet would be absolutely amazing if all of the various foods they served that look so great, were actually good.... It's not worth the price nor the hype, and it's definitely not worth the extra $25 when doing the buffet of buffets.... I would never go back here.
We wanted to go here because my grandma had heard that they serve lobster and there is a showcase with lobster in the front.  It was about 8pm and the line was pretty long.  The buffet is about $50 per person and you could pay $15 extra to go into the express line - no thank you.  After waiting about 30 minutes - the entire time I was looking at yelp for what was good here.  No mention of lobster.  So I got out of line and asked the cashier in the express line and she said they only serve crab legs - no lobster.  Oh well - at least on this day it wasn't worth the wait.  There are a lot of buffets in Las Vegas (apparently none of them serve lobster from my research in line).  We'll come back when the line is shorter.
I'm not sure that I just ate at the same place as these other folks. The crab was frozen solid, the grits were runny, the coffee had something floating around in it, the cupcakes were dry as hell and the prime rib didn't do much either. For the revues I read and the steep price of this bad boy, I expected so much more. The buffet at Paris yesterday was far superior to this one. The Creme Brule and Brown Butter Carmel Gelati were tasty.
Wicked spoon is by far by favorite Vegas buffet, but after reading reviews about how it's "fallen off" we decided to try Cesar's. It's the only decent buffet I haven't been to. Standing in line eagerly, even after we heard it'd be a 45 minute wait. I was excited, and hungry! Buffets are my absolute favorite, I get bored easily, so I usually opt for sushi or tapas so I can try a few things at once. . . Finally when we were seated the excitement continued, oooh Asian station, ahh seafood! Ramen and pho?? I decided to head for the Asian station first, which had some " sushi " and dim sum. The sushi immediately made my stomach turn and all of a sudden my hunger had vanished. The salmon was a burnt orange color.. On the verge of turning brown and the tuna just looked rotten. I was quite shocked as I saw alot of people still opting for the sushi..but I looked again and realized everyone I saw was non asian. Hmph, I decided to steer clear - I've had food poisoning once and it's definitely no fun. . . Had some dim sum which was really authentic - ( up to par with elite) The fresh shrimp was good, The king crab legs were decent, but I had a few frozen pieces which were a huge turn off. I understand that happens at Asian buffets, but c'mon! Seriously Cesar's?! . . The prime rib line was ridiculous, stood in line for another 20 minutes. But I figured hey, this must be their best dish - but no :( my slice was far too overcooked, and I don't know who said it's better than Lawrys, but they're smoking crack. . . The ramen and pho were surprisingly not bad. Not the best I've ever had but actually decent. Btw they don't have hoison for the pho, only sirracha.. . The sliders looked ridiculously good oozing with cheese, but yet again overcooked. If you like your patty well done - this dish is for you. All in all my favorites were the juice section & dessert. The juice selection had fresh cucumber, tomato, grapefruit and a few others. the cucumber tasted so fresh, lovely after a night of drinking vegas. The dessert section had an amazing  lava cake. Not overly sweet, just perfect. I was quite sad they had no macarons though :( they are only made for dinner. They had a variety of gelato flavors I've never heard of, so that was cool. Try thai tea :) . . Also - maybe this buffet was better once upon a time, because half of the dishes in the pictures were nonexsistent when I went. I probably won't be returning , for $110 after tax and tip for a party of two - the juice and dessert weren't THAT good. I'd rather go to wicked spoon or the buffet at m resort.
This is by far the most over-rated, over-hyped, over-priced buffet ever!  I'll save you the reader a long review and cut to the chase.  Caesar's new buffet is NOT worth the $50 entrance fee.  There is nothing special about this place, the only exception being fresh shucked oysters and mochi ice cream thats exactly the same as what you can buy from your local asian supermarket.  Yes they have a wide selection of offerings but not any more than other cheaper buffets.  Basically, if you're curious about the hype, waste your money and go check it out but ifyou're looking for a good buffet that won't break the bank, may I recommend the buffet at Mandalay Bay which in my opinion is the best value for money buffet in Vegas and at almost half the cost.
I came. I saw. I kicked myself for spending $25 on this dreck.. . Break out your map and compass. Freshen up on the orienteering skills you learned at summer camp. You're going to need all of that to find the buffet at Caesar's Palace.. . We all know that casinos don't have direct lines between any two places. But Caesars raises the bar to a whole new level. I swear to Jesus, their maps are wrong. Even after I successfully found Bacchanal one time, it took literally 15 minutes to find it when a friend insisted on going there for dinner (we bailed out after seeing the line).. . I sampled all of the high-end buffets during my latest trip and Bacchanal was easily the least impressive. (BTW-The breakfast on a Tuesday morning for Total Rewards members was $25--NOT $16.99 as shown in the first pic on their Yelp page).. . Bacchanal has several kinds of scrambled eggs--Mexican, Italian, plain Jane. And all of them were cold and congealed. There were just as many forms of bacon--regular bacon, slab bacon cut to order, pepper bacon. Again, all were just a smidge aboveroom temperature.. . The easy-to-miss omelet station was a big swing-and-a-miss. Who likes an undercooked omelet that's runny in the middle? . . The Asian section was barely passable. No spoon in the steamed rice cooker, so I used a nearby soup spoon to dish mine out.. . Someone in the buffet department needs to be fed to the lions...cold, of course.
Have been to several buffets in Vegas and this one is NOT worth the hype.  Food is no better than others, the plates are "hidden" and inconvenient to get to, the service was horrible.  Had to ask for refills on drinks several times and they were extremely slow about removing plates.  For the price I would have expected a bigger selection of "side dishes". Desserts were by far the best of  all their items.  Won't go back.
I was very excited to try this extravagant and hyped up feast. But in the wise words of Public Enemy "dont believe the hype." This was a disappointing feast to say the least. A friend and I went and luckily were spared a 2 hour line and instead only waited 15 min. The staff was friendly and as we were being walked to our table the hostess showed us where everything was and gave us her recommendations. . . The selection of food is good with some unique features such as a taco stand (one of the few really good things there) and a noodle stand where they will make you ramen or pho dishes (which are just meh). Most of the food is typical buffet food which is expected to be just ok because its in fact just a buffet, but at $55 I expect a level of quality higher than the norm. I went to the carver part of the buffet and saw a good selections of meats like prime rib, roast, duck, and rack of lamb. I decided to try the lamb and regretted that decision  immediately.  It was completely inedible and that is not a word I use lightly. The meat had a taste similar to burnt rubber with a similar consistency. The dessert section was really good with a wide selection of gelato various pastries including macaroons and cheese cake pops. . . I may of just fell victim to the hype of this place and had a bitter taste in my mouth because of its failure to live up to it or the inedible food that they served,  whatever the reason I could not justify giving it above 2 stars.
This place is pretty neat. DEFINITELY go at lunch time though. The pricing is a bit high for what you get in my experience(3 times). Lunch is best price per food selection. I found the hype to be a bit much with this place. They do have a few unique dishes you dont see at other places but they are seriously lacking in what I consider most important at a buffet.. . Foods: . They have virtually zero fruit. Only two small bowls of pineapple and watermelon hidden by the meats and then a few berries in the dessert section. The salad section is an absolute joke. It consists of 2 types of lettuce and about 4 types of toppings and a few dressings. This should be unacceptable to any normal human considering about 50-75% of our diet should be vegetables and fruits. I was extremely disappointed.. . Service:. It took about 45 mins to get in which was sort of expected. Once we were inside however there were many many open tables so it didnt make sense. Next it took 11 mins before a server came to take our drink order. It was nearly another 10 mins before she returned with the beverages. We had 6 people at our table and we just ordered waters and iced teas. Now each person made 3-4 trips to the buffet and at any one time there were at least 5 dirty plates on our table. Our server litterally only clear the table twice but never got Everything. This is how our table looked much of the time. http://bit.ly/Y5TCXN. . Overall the buffet is slightly over priced comparatively to most big name casino buffets. The food is tasty but seriously lacking in areas that are VERY important to a human diet. I say Skip it.
This place gets two stars ONLY because the food was decent and the best thing were the desserts. . . ADVICE: Do not go if the line is really long. You'll wait on line about an hour just to pay to get in and then wait ANOTHER 20-30 minutes for the carving and seafood stations. This is true ESPECIALLY on holiday weekends. . . The above advice comes from first hand experience and in talking with the servers. I wish I knew this before hand but it was so hyped up that it was like a must see like the water show in front of the Bellagio! . . It was pure chaos in the dining room and I even saw a verbal confrontation when some people tried to cut in for seafood. The seafood line blended/meshed with the carving station, no one knew what was what and NO manager was on site to help. A simple roped off line would of even helped. The way this place is organized is just a mess simply put. Did I mention what a mess this place was? I think you get the message. . . Go when it's quiet and go somewhere else when this place is busy. Not worth the heartache (or heartburn).
The food was great except when I was eating the oyster i found a live baby worm in it. So. Grossss!!! Totally lost my appetite. Plus the service was horrible. I asked the ice cream lady for a mochi. She dropped it on top of the counter but stil decided to put it on my plate instead of getting a new one.
I'm pretty easily pleased but I have to think the people who rate this place so highly never went to the old buffet at Caesars? Basically it's 90% of the old food in a renovated room at a premium price. We went for the brunch in Good Friday, we arrived at 7am. $40.99 per person. I'd break my review down like this; Service: 9/10 staff were excellent. Display / Information: 2/10, signs on the wrong food, had no idea of what some dishes were & overheard a waiter ask if they were doing brunch or breakfast that day, so they weren't even sure, but they still charged $40. Food: 5/10, took 45 mins for the shrimp and crab legs to appear, be ready at opening times or don't open.  Honestly, catch a cab to The Palms and do their $5.99 breakfast buffet and besides the room and the kitschy skillets tell me the difference. Fail Caesars.
I have been here for my Easter Dinner with my hubby drove over 7 + hours but end up very disappointed. We spend $60/person for this buffet, we come here for their seafood station, but we found that the oyster is so skinny & the crab leg is smaller then my pinky finger. Compare with Makino Seafood Buffet in Vegas or Irvine, their oyster & crab leg even better than here!!!  I won't come back again.  It's not worth the price they are charging!!!
Tried this place out after reading all the hype.  I'm underwhelmed.  So first of all, we're there for Easter weekend so for whatever reason they charged $60 a head.  Alright fine, I knew going in this was one of the expensive buffets but I could not tell if they had any specialty food that they don't normally serve.  . . All of the Yelp reviews and pictures tell of food that is NOT guaranteed to be there.  So do not get your hopes up with what you read here.  It looked like the usual buffet slop... Seafood, American, Italian, Asian, salad, dessert.  I did not get a chance to try the asian food but I heard it was good.  The rest of the food was "meh".. . Nice try but Wicked Spoon is still better.
I have been hearing rave reviews of the Bacchanal Buffet since they opened up. Now my Wife and I aren't big buffet people. If I'm in Vegas there are 100s of choices of good restaurants, so a buffet is usually the last place I want to go, especially since the new trend seems to be these mega style expensive buffets. . . So we get into Vegas on Saturday morning and decide to go over the Caesars(we were staying at the Palazzo) and try it out. It was around 11:30 and the line wasn't too bad, only took about 10 minutes to pay and get seated, the total was $125 for 3, my Wife, 10 year old son and myself.. . We get seated and hit up the buffet. Visually the place is very nice and the food presentation is great, the issue and this is a huge issue, is that the food is just at best o.k.. . . Everything was lukewarm to almost cool. Didn't matter what station or what item. Eggs ,bacon,macaroni, grits,waffles,brisket,meatballs all cold. If it had any warmth to it, it was dried out as the fried chicken was.. . Another issue was that lots of the items were just way too salty, and this is a trend I'm noticing at a lot of places now. People are confusing well seasoned to lots of salt. The only really solid items were the preprepared stuff like cold cuts, cheeses. Lots of other tables seemed to be enjoying the crab legs and shrimp, I didn't have any so I can't vouch for them. . The highlight was the desert station, which seemed to be the most popular, they had a everything from gelato to pastries and gummi bears.. . Now based on all the rave reviews I am seeing here on yelp, I either went on an off day or a very slow day and maybe this is the reason thing were cold and salty as they weren't being switched out as much as they should be.. . I have no issue with buffets as a matter of fact if this were a $15 buffet it would have rocked and I would be much more forgiving, but at $50+ per person, it better be good, and it wasn't, like I said earlier there are 100's of choices of good places to eat in Vegas within 1 miles of this buffet at the same price point. Next time I'm in Vegas I'tt try one of those other places.
Simply put.  This is probably the most impressive buffet I have ever been to.  . **scroll to bottom if you would like to to see why this 5 star buffet is only 2 stars**. . I know Vegas is known for their buffets, and this is the only one I've been to there, so I'm not sure how it stacks up to the others, but all I can say is wow.. . Yes, it was big.  Huge.  Over the top.  . . To me, the best feature of this buffet is the presentation/delivery.  Most the food comes in separate dishes.  Like, for example, if you want a piece of lasagna, you don't scoop it out of a trough.... there is a little cast iron skillet with an individual serving you grab.. . Whats that, you want calamari?  There is a cute little fry basket with calamari in it, just for you.. . Sure, there were some items that still were served trough style, but there were a lot of individualized portions of food that really escalated their buffet game.  It ensured you got the food the way it was intended to be served.  For example, if they were serving something with cheese on top..... if served trough style, some cheese loving behemoth could come through and steal all the cheese off the top and take little of the rest... leaving everyone else getting the entree with no cheese on top.  With these little skillets and baskets and bowls for each person, you can ensure you are getting the food it was meant to be served.. . **So why 5 stars?  Here are my reasons.**. --Sushi was not good.  At all.  In fact, none of the asian food I had was very good.. --Crab legs were served Cold on Ice... unless you request them to get heated up.  I asked the crab chef if I could have hot legs, and he said he just put some on top (of the ice) so they would be hot..... guess what, they were cold.  and the lines are so long, its not like I could just get right back in there and request hot ones again.  This pissed me off.. --they didn't have prime rib, or any high quality (beef) steaks for that matter.  the meat carver said they were out.. not sure if they ran out, or don't normally have it... but he said, "were out of that tonight". --lamb was underseasoned and overcooked.  I'm talking well done.. --plates would pile up and nobody was clearing them.  Both the gf and I as well as another table were stacking plates on an adjacent table because there wasn't anyone clearing our table until just before we left.  We did get water refills, though, ironically.. --they want you to put in a tip BEFORE the meal.  What??  Maybe that's why our plates didn't get cleared.  I guess the wait staff figures their tips are already in the bag.. --long wait to get in... BUT for an extra $15 you can get in a VIP line.  What a crock of shit!  Want an easy way to find out whose shit doesn't stink in Vegas??  go stand outside the Bacchannal and see who is standing in the express line.  We had this group of asshats in front of use whose noses were so high in the air they were breathing a different kind of oxygen.  The whole time we were standing in line they were bitching uncontrollably about the line and how they were going to take care of it, like rotten children.  So... after literally like 15-20 minutes of listening to how much better they were than the commoners in the regular line, their dumb-asses eventually figured out how to upgrade to the express line.  Thank God.  I guess maybe it does serve a purpose after all.  My magic moment is when we waited in the regular line like everyone else, and ended up getting seated less than 5 minutes after "team asshat".. . With all that being said, it was still an impressive buffet to see once...  Flashy, but I wouldn't go again.  I'd rather take my $100 and put it towards a nice dinner with higher attention to quality and detail.
Skip & go to Wicked Spoon or Studio B Buffet. If you're into desserts then by all means, go to Bacchanal BUT if you want good, tasty & hot food - then don't go here. I was disappointed. Food was lukewarm & mind you, I got it from the tray that was just refilled. Crab legs were dumped in hot water but that didn't do it for me. Imagine cold crab legs dumped quickly in hot water... what do you get? Lukewarm crab outside with cold crabmeat.
The prices in the first pic are inaccurate.  It's actually 49.99 per person.  Now, after eating a $250 dinner for two last night, I thought that this buffet would be a super deal.  Wrong.. . First off, the lines are ridiculous.  There's a line to pay.  Then there's a line to get seated.  Then there's a line for the buffet itself.  Anything else?  Oh, yes, line for the bathroom.  For a buffet that holds 600+ eaters, 5 stalls in the womens' bathroom is hardly adequate.  Don't get excited, men,  two stalls and three urinals.. . This buffet is set up all wrong.  It's a HUGE space, but they have all the food on one side of the room.  Therefore, it creates a long and time consuming line to get any sort of food. . . Then comes the timing issue.  Since you're standing in said food line for a good 20 minutes, all of the food you got in the beginning of the line is already cold.  Mexican rice?  Cold.  Mashed potatoes?  Cold.  Baby carrots?  All cold.  I don't know anyone that prefers room temperature soup and cold fried chicken.. . While I can appreciate that they want to make a nice presentation, they have lots of dishes on small plates or in small baskets.  I'm in a buffet line, trying to juggle two small plates with samplings, a small basket of fried chicken, and a regular sized plate.  I REFUSE to get out of line to put anything down.. . The food quality is not all that great either.  The fried chicken was tasty, but not crispy.  Mexican rice didn't have enough flavor.  Everything was just, "meh".  The chicken sausage had a strange flavor.  Brisket was good, but was a tad on the dry side.  They did have a crepe station, which I was very excited for - but they only had raspberries and bananas for topping (plus some nuts and chocolate).  No strawberries.. . I guess we were there around closing time, because I heard two of the waiters arguing about the hostess seating more tables.  Then one of them goes to the table of 5 that had just been seated next to us, "The buffet closes in 30 minutes".  WTF?!?!  So RUDE, and definitely NOT enough time to eat your $51 worth of food.  . . Wicked Spoon is my first choice of buffet in Vegas.  I'll never do Bacchanal again.
For 50 dollars per person this place is overrated. Not only did everything look un appealing it tasted worse. The only thing that was good were the king crab legs and the macaroons. Don't waste your money you can find a better buffet for cheaper on the strip.
After reading the hype once Caesar's Palace decided to upgrade Cafe Lago, I made a point on my next trip to Vegas to visit Bacchanal Buffet, which happened to be for breakfast ($25 with a Total Rewards card).  Overall, I liked the modern feel of the space with plenty of tables for large groups (8+) and somewhat uncharacteristic lounge music playing in the background.  The food, though, was pretty standard (and bordering on outright disappointing) in terms of breakfast/brunch buffets.. . To start with, Total Rewards Diamond and Seven Stars members get little signs as they are walked through the restaurant that are placed at their table.  While perhaps off-putting to an outsider, it is interesting to see how you are more likely to see the elderly, stingy video poker playing couple or upper-middle aged overweight blackjack/craps player eating by themselves than, for instance, Jay Gatsby in a tuxedo.  It goes to show that gambling in Las Vegas doesn't look quite like what the mailers picture it to be.. . I digress.  As I mentioned before, the breakfast food was pretty standard with the highlight being the carving station featuring brisket, ham, and a variety of what they termed "artisanal sausages."  Mind you, the sausages themselves--which usually had some extra spices or other ingredients mixed in--were just okay.  . . Other sections of the buffet try to put out individual servings of popular dishes but end up failing miserably.  Corned beef hash in a 2-inch bowl with a tiny egg (nice touch) but a scant few traces of corned beef among the potato shreds was a disgrace.  Chicken and waffles as a quarter Belgian waffle and a chicken wing is just wrong.  The mini-pancakes were dry, though they did a slightly better job with the French toast.  The Asian section had some steamed pork buns and basic Chinese food.  I would have loved to have seen some freshly cooked fish choices for those looking for more of a Japanese-style breakfast.. . On the plus side, I did like the large selection of juices served in individual-sized glass milk bottles.  It's more visually appealing and keeps the crowds moving faster than a Minute Maid dispenser or a couple of large carafes for self-service.. . While the overall environment (i.e., everything except the food) is top-notch, in my opinion, the breakfast offerings at Bellagio and Paris's buffets are superior.  In reality, though, if your level of play starts to get items taken off the hotel bill, your choice of breakfast buffet should be dictated by where you're staying or doing most of your gambling.  I don't think any buffet in Vegas is so much better than the others as to overcome the presumptive choice of free food.
I eat out at both buffets and restaurants every week.   I went to this buffet on Memorial Day weekend, the price was $65 a person. One would think for that price it would be well above an average buffet.  The buffet was the same as any other night.  They raised the price just for the weekend and offered the same food.  Lots to chops from BUT very little was great. Lots meats carved by a chef but all were dry and salty.  Several fresh vegi but again covered in salt and pepper.  Seafood was ok.  The crab was good but hardly worth $65.  Some pasta selection and pizza but again REALLY for $65.   Even at the regular price of $40 this buffet fell far short. Only plus about the buffet was the desserts.  For most part the desserts were tasty.  I been to lots vegas buffets.  I won't be back here.  I came due to good revues but I don't know what others saw in this buffet.  I prefer rio seafood buffet at $29 any day of the week over this.
I came here to eat after the ridiculous long lines died down a bit. I must say, I don't get the hype about this place and felt a bit disappointed. I suggested coming here with a group of friends. I was pretty excited to eat here and found that nothing impressed me and the price tag could not be justified. Nothing stood out for me that would make me want to come here again. I think the highlight of my meal was the ginseng chicken soup. All other items, I've had better at other buffets. I didn't think their selection was that impressive. There was a point where I wondered around the buffet feeling still hungry but with nothing interesting to eat. That was weird considering I'm walking around a buffet, surrounded by food. My group must've felt the same way because I constantly see people bring back round two and three of the ginseng chicken soup. The desserts were definitely not impressive but I will give credit for the sweet crepe selection.
Wicked Spoon is better. . . The lines are long but move fast, come before noon and you'll be OK. You can call ahead and find out the wait time. I would make sure you check if they have unlimited mimosas because certain weekends they do special menus which do not include unlimited alcohol. Under those circumstances, bring a drink in from Fat Tuesday's (they let a large group do that!).. . The food overall is very diverse, but nothing really stood out except maybe the bread and the waffles. When sliced bread is what stands out at a buffet, that's when you know they've done something wrong. The prime rib was disappointingly raw and chewy, the brisket was ridiculously fatty, and the sausage was not amazing. . . Some famous items like the chocolate strawberries and mochi were not there during Memorial Weekend, I wonder if my experience wasn't as good because of the special menu?
Super disappointed in this whole experience.. Firstly, at about 4pm on the Friday before Memorial Day my husband and I called to find out the prices, and we were told $50 for dinner.  We got dressed and arrived around 5pm, only to find out that prices were actually $62/person.  We had just called about this information!!!  They would not honor the price we were quoted, but offered champagne, which we declined because we were driving (not gonna lie, I was a little irritated they wanted to make us another couple of drunks on Memorial Day weekend).  So we left that night without eating.. We returned today around 2:15 and hopped in line.  Although the line was almost all the way full, there was only ONE CASHIER letting people in.  Of course we are second in line to pay at 2:55, when they stop the line claiming the restaurant was too full and they could no longer let anyone else in.  Several groups behind us in line left.  At 3:05 they magically are able to open back up and we of course have to now pay the dinner price, despite the fact we were there waaaay before 3pm.  SUPER ANNOYING, and that on top of my raging hunger got the poor cashier a tongue lashing.  Not her fault, but a pretty shitty way to run a business, especially when we pass SIX empty tables on the way to our own and notice almost an entire section of tables empty; there was no way it was "too full" ten minutes earlier.  Thanks for ensuring we won't return, Caesar's.. Anyway, on to the food.  Nothing impressive, I much prefer the buffet at Wynn.  The sushi was excellent for buffet sushi, there was a great bread selection, and a huge offering of desserts.The overall selection is amazing, like fried pickles and edamame and like ten different kinds of salsa, but the quality is only average.  The pasta dishes had been sitting out to where the cheese had hardened, and the chef said he couldn't place more out until those were taken.  The line for the seafood stuff was ridiculously long, it went all the way into the American foods station. The dessert spread is massive, and I have a huge sweet teeth so I sampled everything I could fit inside of me!  The cookies and mini cupcakes (love that they are mini!) were divine, everything else was just meh.  The tiramisu, normally my fave, was awful!  Hubby isn't much a dessert fan but occasionally partakes and didn't like anything he tried.   Service was mediocre.  We had our dishes pile up a bit, but a glass never went dry and that was great. Overall, I would skip this buffet and use the money at a better restaurant elsewhere.  If you're set on a buffet, try the Wynn!
Plus: you get to people watch and see the frenzy that is Asian people collecting buffet food in extraordinarily planned fashion. (You. Crab leg line. Me. Meat line. Transfer plates. More. More.). Minus: overrated.. . It was my first time in Vegas, and I just had to try the infamous Las Vegas buffet. This is the newer one out of the bunch, and judging by photos and reviews, it looked like we were in for a luxurious feast. Not your normal buffet!. . The line was long and sweeping, and took approximately an hour to get to the front where you pay first. Memorial Day weekend we ended up paying brunch prices, not lunch, which was approximately $50. Okay, well, I heard about the steak...and the starters..and the seafood...has to be worth it! *If you tack on $20, you can go in the express line.. . Upon entry, it looked gorgeous. The tall chairs and round tables were groups felt very cozy and intimate. Plenty of seating to go around. However, once I started lining up for the meat/other-unhealthy-yums line, I knew that my experience would begin to deteriorate. I waited 30 minutes before I even got one item on my empty plate. The buffet here operates by lines; you can't really cut in to just grab a certain dish, unless you are daring enough to brave the snarls of hungry line waiters. There were assorted Mexican rice dishes, then some salads, soups, bread rolls and cold pastas (which no one ventured into cause it curved inwards and people didn't want to lose their spot in line) before hitting the Memorial Day sliders. The sliders and small items were placed on cute colored square dishes, which take up much real estate on your plate. I saw a man plop those items on his white plate (genius!) before he got reprimanded by the chef for not taking the square plate with him. But let's be real--you have to wait so long to just get an item....people are not going to be going back in line because your plate sizes don't make sense.. . Onto the food:. . PROTEIN: Cuts of meat included rib eye (best protein here), lamb shank (salty), brisket (salty), chicken (didn't try) and a fatty bacon slice. The waffle fries were in cute mini fryer baskets, but unfortunately were overly salty. . PASTA: baked lasagna cube. Nasty, dry, heavy....nyuck.. SALAD: So-so. Again with the square plates!. SUSHI: too much rice. If you pick off the salmon off the nigiri, you can get some good sashimi bites, though.. UDON/RAMEN SOUP: Actually pretty decent. The broth was yummy and not too salty! Cooked fresh per order, and the line went super fast for this.. DESSERT: crepes were one of the highlights of Bachannal desserts. It's DIY except for the fresh crepe. The lava cake was good, but overly heavy and dense. fresh, no yucky icicle ridden gelato here. They only give you 1 mini scoop which again, takes up valuable plate real estate if you get more than 1 flavor.. SEAFOOD: Shrimp was wonderful. crab legs were good, but mine were cold. You'll have to wait for the fresh steamed one and work at it. No oysters until dinner service...sad.. SIDES: only liked the fresh vegetables, which was probably cooked in butter. The mac and cheese was dense. Salty fries. . DRINKS: peach green tea for the win.. . Service was good--the people clearing plates were very, very fast and efficient. However, drinks were very slow. It's too overpriced and too limited in good items that you can get at subpar restaurants. You might as well take the $50 and go to a nice steakhouse. "Las Vegas buffets"--nothing to see here at Bachannal, folks. Move on.
Man, I was really excited to eat here. The good reviews, the fresh tacos....I came on a Tuesday at 2pm for lunch and there was no line. This was the week before Memorial so they can't blame the lack of quality on a holiday rush. The place is pretty inside but the buffet is spread out all along the wall of the room that it made going back for stuff a long walk. (I'm not lazy, I was traveling with older folk) Anyway, the food seemed like it had been sitting out for awhile and nothing was that spectacular. It all tasted like typical buffet food. I had no idea why they gave us these rubber pot holders as nothing I got was hot. The tortillas weren't made fresh and I was looking to having the meat carved from the spit. Nope. I tried the fresh watermelon juice, yuck. The best thing was the fresh dessert crepes.  Our plate waiter was kind of rude too. Save your money, skip the buffet,  and just go to a restaurant.
Why do pay an extra 15$ to be seated in a timely fashion?  The food was good but not worth the hype as usual in Vegas. I don't care about desserts I want  seafood the crab was good not great.
This place is over-rated.. I won't go into too much details but will pin point some areas that can be improved. . . 1) King Crab legs - they looked like they are Mal-nutrition and they are kinda dirty. . . 2) Small individual dishes - Yes they do look cute and all, but the problem is since the food are placed on individual dishes, it's hard to keep them warm. Most dished that I've tried are cold. . . 3) A lot of the dishes are on the salty side.. . 4) Service is pretty slow, we waited about 15mins to order our drinks.. . 5) Salt and Pepper shakers (on the table). I've never seen a pepper shaker with holes smaller then the peppers inside. . . The only thing we're impressed of is the desserts bar. A lot of varieties and they all look and taste good. For $44.99 on a weekday dinner, there are better buffets out there. I rather go to the Seafood buffet at Rio.
Not worth the wait. The regular line takes about 5 hours after asking the people who were near the front of the line. There is an a express line which took 1 hour but at a cost of an additional $20 per person. So the total per person comes out to  $77 not including tax.  I took the express line to save time but after being seated there are more lines just to get food - ridiculous. . . Most of the food was just okay and are mostly available at other buffets like the Rio, ie snow crab legs, salmon, shrimp, sushi, etc. However, they did have a tomahawk ribeye steak that was excellent. Obviously they won't give you the whole steak.
They are rude and unhelpful... Food tho good is very overpriced even for vegas def needs to be skipped
Over rated and over priced! Totally not worth any wait or the $$$$. . When it come to buffets... I am not a rookie; just FYI. . Sorry Bacchanal, I really want to LOVE you, and I am so sad that I did not fall for you.  . . The buffet is really pricey, even during brunch.  I am am spending about $110 for two, I expect the crab legs not to have ice all over and NOT looking dirty (Wynn The Buffet offer the best crab legs). The Asian food were weak. The sushi wasn't appetizing AT ALL and did not have many fish options; I had some and didn't care for it after two piece. The ramen soup was a waste of calories (I didn't finish the small bowl-- thank goodness).. . Their dessert bar absolutely did not impress me. In fact, I didn't even bother getting anything there--- and that NEVER happens for me. . . Their meat line was long and I am guessing this place is more for carnivores.  I didn't eat any meat because I hit buffets to eat seafood to get my money worth.  So I can't bash this place for their meat buffet.. . Vegas buffets are like politics.  Everyone has their own favorite and you can't change their minds.
I really wanted to love this place...alas, no.. I spent $50 for the 24 hour buffet pass knowing full well that I would have to pay $15 more at Bacchanal, according to what I read online and the cashier when we bought the ticket. When we arrived, we were told it was $15 more for breakfast, $20 more for lunch, and $25 more for dinner! I sure wish the cashier had told me this at the first buffet!. But I was excited by all the pictures online and reviews, expecting gourmet little small bite deliciousness with each spoonful, so I paid my money and waited for my table. The place is lovely, but it turns out its all just regular buffet food in smaller plates. Nothing outrageously delicious. And my husband was sincerely disappointed...having seen previews on the hotel info channel in the hotel, he was expecting made to order, well prepared tacos, along with 1/2 cup portions of shrimp and grits in sweet little cast iron skillets...instead, tacos were slung at him with no fixins' and he received a tablespoon of grits with one little shrimp on them in a small condiment cup. And my fried chicken and sweet potato fries were greasy and soggy. Maybe 5 of the 25 items we tried were noteworthy. Severe Disappointment. Meats were overcooked, sushi didn't appear fresh and the crab, while served by someone at a steam pot, left much to be desired. Our waitress was pleasant, but buffet staff spoke little to no English and were rude, disconnected somehow from the patrons.. One thing that was a plus was the dessert area. Better desserts than I've seen at the other buffets, but like everything else - it's the luck of the draw. Some items were either runny or flavorless, but the selection was great and the majority of items were good.. . Save your money - or if you really must try it, do it on the cheap. Get the weekday buffet pass, and go for breakfast during the changeover from breakfast to lunch. Not worth dinner pricing. The lunch at Paris buffet was better than dinner here. Good luck and happy buffet hunting!
I'm giving this place 2 stars because it is way overrated and not worth the $110 I paid yesterday for 2 people. It may be that it's over hyped and my expectations were too high but still the price is not at par for this. The food quality was a hair above regular buffet quality for some items but I think overall very comparable to say the Paris buffet when it comes to what is offered. . . On that note for the "500 or 600" different foods...Lie!!! They offer many different types of breads, pizzas, and things like corn dogs if this is what they mean by "500" I guess. (Which I'm sorry that is not what I went there for.)  As for decor and stuff, very plain, nothing compared to say the Wynn. . . Overall, I think most of these reviews come from people from out of town or something that don't have higher standards and are just amazed by "the lights." For everyone else that would rather enjoy their overall experience... take your time (the line sucked) and money (priced too high for what it is) to the local nice restaurant and actually walk out not regretting your decision.
Way Overpriced and Way Overrated!. . $55.12 per person on a Sunday!. Yeah.. it's a big buffet, but so not worth it unless you are a BIG meat and/or seafood eater!! Then MAYBE.. if you are really really hungry.. . I don't eat much seafood so I didn't even go to that area.. The crappy fried food was good and served in individual baskets.. The fresh made street tacos were average. . . The dessert station was horrible!!. Didn't like any of the desserts.. They sure look good but that's about it.. Worst dessert buffet ever!!. . Service was horrible................. S L O W on everything!!. I would pass on this buffet!!
chose here coz I've been told it is #1 buffet in Las vegas. well, it is not true. Even I am not sure which one is the # 1 yet, this is NOT that good. fresh oyster is pretty good, my two stars part. dessert is OK. Asian part, sushi is not good; Chinese food is soso. I don't wanna try the pizza. yes, looks not good.
The wait is long, the line to the food is even longer, the food is bad to so-so, nothing impressed me. The lamp chop is okay if you are lucky to get the medium rare piece. the medium or well-done pieces are dry and chewy..  . I don't know how it got rated as one of the best buffets in Vegas.
Food is just OK,Bellagio or wicked spoon is Way better. Customer service SUCKS big time especially that manager/leader on duty saturday night named JAMIE and that guy RYAN who was very rude and unprofessional.They need to take customer service classes from disney and nordstrom or better yet FIND another JOB.After waiting in line for 2 1/2 hours you guys need to know how to service your customers better.And i am not even complaining on the time we waited coz like anyone else we waited patiently, its just unbelievable how that girl Jamie can give me a remark to just leave my kids outside, how DARE you say that, same goes with that other guy. You both need to get FIRED.. Very unsatisfied customer here:(
I didn't get food poisoning so they avoided a one star.  Didnt come close to meeting expectations. Food was alright.  I can get better mexican fare at my localChavez supermarket.  Forget the asian section. Spongey fried fish. Dry ribs. Less than crispy skin on the duck. Onion rings, blech. Over battered, over fried.  I know who goes to a buffet and eats onion rings?  This guy. We caught the tail end of lunch and the beginning of dinner.... Didn't see a whole lot of difference.  Desserts are ok. Nothing better than what you might find anywhere else. . . The service is what really gets me.  Yes someone came to check on us initially, but after that.... We had the same plates sitting on our table for the better half of our "dining experience". And it wasn't like we were burning through the buffet lines. Quite the opposite in fact because we wouldn't have had anywhere to put new plates. NEVER had our water refilled (which led me to drink a lot of self serve horchata -- which was the highlight of the evening). I mean if you're not going to provide these basics at least provide a station where I can bus my own plates and get my own water.  Pathetic. . . In short, come to this buffet so the lines will be shorter at Wicked Spoon.  I may have to give up on buffets altogether.
A big fat disappointment.. . And I say this without having to wait in a ridiculous 3 hour line. We were seated right away, thanks to TR Diamond perks. The food? Gross. 2 stars for the crab legs and oysters ONLY...but come on, how do you screw that up?. . I still prefer Wicked Spoon, although they lack the oysters, the selection is quality, not quantity!
So Chris and I arrived about 8pm-ish on a Saturday saw the line was crazy long, really we had no idea where it ended. So we left to go get a drink before standing in line, by the time we got back (20 mins later) it was under control and didn't seem to long. We chatted with some folks ahead of us from San Francisco so it made the hourish wait go by fast. When we finally got up to the front to pay one of the employees came and announced they were at full capacity and would stop letting people in at 10 and would pull food at 10:30. . We were next in line and figured mehh we waited all this time and we can eat in an hour. Never again will I do that! We felt rushed the whole time, I barely got to eat with my husband because either I was eating and he was up in line or the other way around.. Now to the food. It's was OK, it wasn't worth the $102 we paid. When we came here in November they had KING crab and this time had crap snow crab. I was very disappointed! What I did like was the prime rib, oh boy was is cooked perfectly it was succulent and moist, and the lamb. I tried the Thai tea gelato and loved it, it tasted like the real thing. However, that's about it unfortunately. We loved it so much the first time and we were so sadly disappointed this time I doubt we'll ever be back.
Food is great but service sucks . . We waited half hour before refills on drinks never saw our waitress.. . She got drinks wrong also.  . . Think her name was mercedes
Went there for my in law's birthday. . I must say, this buffet isn't worth the price AT ALL!!!!  I don't understand why everyone love this buffet, Chinese food section was just alright. I had some steam crab leg, I didn't taste much crab-ness.  I'm not a meat eater, so their carving station didn't "wow" me as well. The only thing that I love from this buffet was their little tiny cheesecake. Sigh,I should've gone and try Wicked Spoon. Such a disappointment!!!
Feast of the gods my a$$! Waited in line for an hour and a half only to get inside and have to wait wait wait at each food line for food that was just Ok. The same goes for the dessert. The ice cream tasted like ice milk, the strawberries were not ripe, the tiramisu was nothing to write home about. . . Not one thing amazingly delicious or decadent, nothing unique, nothing knock your socks off I have to go back for more of that good. The presentation was nice but the flavor lacked a punch. . . The service was good:waiters and waitresses were very polite, our beverage glasses stayed full, one waiter even stood watch over our plates as we went back to try some other foods. . . When u walk in they take your group's picture then later on try to sell it to you for $35. $35?! After the wait we had and the $50 we paid to eat this food that's just one step above golden corral they should've given everyone that damn pic for free. . . The buffet at the Bellagio is MUCH better! At the end of our Baccha-not experience we concluded that we should've just gone to our old fav the Bellagio.
Talk about a LET DOWN!. . Of all the things that I did in Las Vegas, this was for sure the biggest, and really the only disappointment. It's truly a shame because I was so so so looking forward to this experience.. . The Wait-  OK, so there is a wait to get inside. This is understandable so I paid the extra $15 to get in with only about 15 min. wait instead of over an hour. This however, is just the FIRST of many waits to be dealt with. . . Basically, they have the buffet set up very strategically so that each station has the best stuff at the end of the line,(meats, crab, duck, etc...) so hopefully(to them) you use up the real estate on your plate with cheaper more filling stuff first like bread and pastas. I had to wait anywhere from 20-30 min EACH TIME I wanted a new plate of food!!! I couldn't believe it. Anything that you get towards the beginning of the line is ice cold by the time you actually get to eat it.  There is something seriously wrong when it takes you three or four times as long to GET the food as it does to EAT the food.. . Just to drive home how long it took to get a plate of food (and how bad the service was) they actually RESEATED MY TABLE when I was in line! Are you kidding me? That shows how pathetically long it takes just to get some food here. Basically you have two hours to eat, but good luck getting more than 3 or 4 plates in that time, its just not gonna happen.. . . Service-  Basically non-existant. I had to flag someone down every time I needed something, and had to ask 3 times just for some salt and pepper. When they finally brought the S&P, of course I was done with the plate that Iwanted it for and then when I came back with another plate is when they reseated the table, so I never actually got to use any on my food. Then they left me standing in the middle of the dinning room like an idiot with my plate of food while they figured out what to do. It was pretty embarrassing actually and obviously the food continued to get colder and colder as I waited for them to simply find me a place to eat. Finally they sat me at a four top in the middle of the dinning room and I was able to eat my piece of thin, cold, over-cooked prime rib.. . So, the waits were numerous and unreasonably long, and the service was equal to about a Denny's. But how was the food?...... There was none of the stuff that I was looking forward to. No stone crab claws, no half-lobster, no caviar, no ribeye steak. There was ABSOLUTELY NOTHING that stood out from either a quality, taste or creativity standpoint. The snow crab was very watery, as was the shrimp. The lamb chops and prime rib were over-done and cold by the time i got to eat them, and they said they don't put the rib eye out until 6:30... really? But you charge full price the entire time. . . I was so let down that I just left, and before writing this review, just to give them a fair shot at redemption I called to try to speak with someone at the buffet. The first call went to a machine that did not take messages, the second call just kept ringing and ringing, finally the third time I got someone in "total care" or something, who when I told her about my experience asked me if I talked to the manager when I was there. Look, I grew up in this business including high-end, low-end and buffets: If you reseat my damn table when I am at the buffet line, YOU have the manager come over and apologize. Don't make me work harder after you screw up. Besides, I never saw a manager when I was there, only  "servers" and a few ladies that walked around with their ipads trying to jockey the table/seating situation. I certainly didn't see anyone concerned with people's experience.. . The bottom line is that the price is reasonable for the buffet, but with so many other places to eat in vegas, there was not a single thing that would ever make me want to go back and wait... to wait... and wait...  to eat bland, run-of-the-mill buffet food.
I came here after Christmas. There was a $48 brunch price because they considered December the 27th a holiday. The inflated price was nowhere to be posted and you are only notified after waiting in this long line and reaching the pay station. Talk about sneaky and greedy! 2 hour time limit for food? Heck no say it isn't so! There was plenty of basic starchy foods such as pizza, pasta, fries, onion rings, waffle, noodles, rice. I skipped the starches. I tried ha gao, cha sui, cha sui ribs, brisket, prime rib, cheesy broccoli, tater tots, and onion rings. The brisket was really good and all else was meh.. The dessert station looked uninteresting. I tried the chocolate pecan pie and a chocolate chip cookie. The nuts in the pecan pie were stale. Yuck! The chocolate chip cookie was good, it had chocolate in the center which was a very nice touch. Would I eat here again? Definitely not for $48, maybe if it were $20.
The atmosphere is nice and the presentation is unique and refreshing. The food on the other hand is simply embarrassing. . . The Asian dishes:. Broccoli Beef was beef with broccoli stems. Unlabeled Eggplant thing - not good. Potstickers were beyond cold. Pork had no crust and was bland. Beef ribs were pretty good. Pork ribs were ridiculous . . Mexican:. Served in pots and neither attractive nor cohesive. . American Comfort Food:. Inexcusable not to have white meat as an option for fried chicken. The sweet potato fries were soggy. The meat section while impressive to look at came up way short with bacon that lacked smoke, brisket that was dry and mediocre at best. . Sushi:. Don't go to any buffet for sushi. . Dessert:. Sorbet was good and earned a star on its own. Otherwise the taffy was rock hard and creme brulee was simply not good. . . The seafood is the mainstay and was good. If you want to spend $45.00 for all you can eat crab legs and shrimp then mission accomplished. .
We are buffet goers - and  we love a good buffet.  At this price point - they need to improve.  This is not great and here's why;.  We had high hopes for this considering all the hype (other faves on strip are Wynn/Wicked Spoon/Planet Hollywood,etc.) -- But they need a traffic cop on this buffet line.  Food quality was fairly good (shrimp, crab legs) -- But the logistics are a mess!  Tables aretoo close - and the overall layout makes folks step on top of each other to get to the food offerings.  We gave up trying!   The carving section (meats/etc.) - is directly in line with folks entering and exiting. The carving station line is also in front of other selections which we couldn't get to either - Frustrating! (this was during the week approx 5 pm) - It wasn't even that crowded.  The Asian fare was tasty, Italian needed more varied pasta - the desserts were good. But all in all - the selections are weaker than other top properties here in LV.   Some  selections were just dumped in pots and not labeled.   In fact, some of the off strip buffets have more and varied side dishes, veggies and desserts.  Additionally, the service is not nearly as attentive as in other properties both on strip and the local casinos.  At this price point - they need to step it up and fine tune it; better service, better variety and better access to the food itself.  Too much of an obstacle course and hassle.   Wanted to really love it -- not running back.  Overpriced and underwhelmed.
at first, i was really excited to eat here. being rated number 1 buffet and everything, i thought i would give it a try. waited about an hour, but for good food it would be totally worth it. for a saturday lunch came out to about $55. i think the little skillet thing holder they give you is adorable but the grease of them? not so much.. . all the chefs and servers are very friendly.. though there were alot of awkward moments when i put something on my plate and one of the chefs goes, "chef so and so made that! isnt he good?" and theres a bit of an awkward pause because I havent tried the dish... i cant tell you its good but i dont know what to say...  but they are all very friendly.. on the staff, the only part that kinda got to me was drinks. our drinks was never refilled, nor did they come by and ask if we wanted more. it was prob because they were super busy? but i would like more than one cup of lemonade for my 50 dollar meal... . . as for the food. they all look very exquisite. i wanted to eat everything. and i tried. my friend and i would share dishes just so we could try most of them.  i was looking for a dish that would make me want to go back and get more but it didnt happen. our verdict was.. greasy. the food is good but not what i had expected for a number 1 rated buffet.. desserts looked delicious but i have had better. for the first time, the macaroons were sour.. jam? maybe I am used to the way LA makes it... (Milk, bottega louie, mochilato, etc) but these were the first that i did not like.. . . i eat at ayce places pretty often but i was bloated and had this nasty feeling afterwards... i think its because of the grease.... if you havent tried it, by all means you should and judge for yourself. this place clearly has good reviews from other people. but i personally would not go again.
My friend and I were in Vegas for the Memorial Weekend.  We purchased Buffet of Buffets pass and in addition they charged an extra $25 for the Cesar's buffet.  Total we paid $105 per person.  I was told they charge $65/person for dinner because of holiday but regularly it's $50/person.  . Their cocktail shrimp and their crab legs were the best of all Vegas buffets that I've been to.  However, we only had one hour to eat and food was take away in 45 minutes because we only got seated at 10pm and they close at 11pm.  That was a horrible experience!  I think they should stop taking in people after 9pm.  You still have to wait in line for food after you get so it's totally a rip off if you get seated with less than 2 hours to eat.  . Besides the large cocktail shrimp and the good size crab legs, nothing exceptional about this place.  sushi section was very small and pathetic.  Total not worth the money you pay for.  My advice to to skip it.
Bellagio and Wynn Buffets are 10 times better.  It is a beautiful Buffet but much of the food is overcooked and the service is slow/lacking and tables are too tight to get in and out of without knocking into your neighbors.
I went for dinner, no stone crab, no lamb, no king crab, NO a lot of things. Service sucks all the way around and the bathrooms were dirty!!! It was so bad, and do not be a fool! Do not pay the xt $$ to get ahead of the line, the overall buffet is so not worth $70 plus tip. Go spend your money somewhere else!!! So not worth it, if u have a good taste for food, this is not the buffet for you, there are better!!!
Nice big Buffett  way over priced   Crab legs had no flavor prime was tough
Not even par if you ask me. . . Round 1 was an okay hunk of sausage, McDonalds style egg, potato, muffin thing, terrible country fried steak, and a bland eggy thing;. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bacchanal-buffet-las-vegas-7?select=-moQgZTqIVkOIyYgxLP7uQ#-moQgZTqIVkOIyYgxLP7uQ. . Round 2 upped the game with some above par seafood; crab legs, jumbo shrimp, and some slightly dry mussels;. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bacchanal-buffet-las-vegas-7?select=-moQgZTqIVkOIyYgxLP7uQ#JSxDDyKcKUTIdBAcnHxHeA. . Round 3 was some painfully dry chicken and waffles, deli meats, smoked fish, more sausage, a dumpling, and some very nice shrimp and grits;. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bacchanal-buffet-las-vegas-7?select=-moQgZTqIVkOIyYgxLP7uQ#DptpwIQXc_RaySMHGDijfg. . Overall, meh. Not a big fan, would not repeat. . . PS - get there at 8:30am on a Sunday and you'll have the place to yourself.
What a money pit! Food was terrible and not labeled!
With all the hype I was excited for gourmet food, great presentation and the option to try a few new dishes. After 90 minutes in line we discovered a buffet less impressive than Bellagio and on par with the Wynn. Salads were limited, desserts were left uneaten, and there was no shortage of pizza and Mexican food.  Crab legs were the highlight for me but for the price I would rather order a King crab leg dinner at a nice restaurant (these were skimpy but plentiful). I took away stars for the gutsy move to price this meal at $50.
$50 for a unforgettable buffet? Crab legs aren't very good. The only thing I love about the buffet is the meat station and  the awesome lamb chops. Other than that I think I'm going to stick to studio B
Was not impressed. Stopped here because I was too lazy to make it over to Wicked Spoon. Crazy expensive buffet, very little was decent-tasting. Sure, huge selection, but not well-done. Had breakfast at the Bellagio buffet the next day and it seemed quite a bit better.
I came here for a wedding reception. The party was small (25-30 people).  They sat us way in the back which was fine until I saw the biggest cockroach I've ever seen. The manager barely offered an apology.
It was a disappointment after all that hype. A least I had my friends stand in line! They waited for almost 2 hours for dinner at 8 pm'ish. . . What's good?. Fresh shucked oysters and the oyster shooters;. Warm boiled crab legs, much better than cold ones;. Pho / Noodle soup. Fresh made crepe. Moochi ice cream . Seating and service for party of 6. . . We shared and tried a tiny bit of the rests. They are no different from your $15-$20 buffet elsewhere, similar story to the Aria buffet we had a week before. . . What's distinctly bad?. Chairs in the 4 seater table (not ours) looks dirty. I can see why, people with dirty / greasy hands grab the cloth armrest...!  Yes you can see some of them getting dark colored!  And the overhead glass shelvings are accumulating dust.. . Guess have to try Wicked Spoon next. People in my party says its much better. Will see.
Not worth it!  For $60 per person, and paid extra $20 for the express line.  Even without the $20 up fee, it's still not worth it.  Mind you, there is a 2 hr time limit to dine.  That starts the minute you pay, and then there is an additional 15-30 min wait to actually get seated, and to get seafood or prime ribs, that another 30 mins wait.  The food is really just any other buffet quality,  the sushi bar is an embarrassment.  There is a bit of everything, like Pho (value, $6) and Ramen ($8) But this still does not justify the overprice and time wasted.  You want to come to Vegas feeling like you won something... This place def makes you feel like you've been swept at the poker table.  Better off to make reservations at Mastros for a real Bone in rib eye and lobster mash potatoes, you will feel much better.
Extremely over rated. Avg buffet and way over priced. Waited in line for over 1 hour. Not worth the wait or the price.
The food was ok, but far from great. There were a few items that I really liked, but there were far more that let me down. . Service was horrible. Dirty plates piled up and it was impossible to get water or champagne refills. I would expect this type of service at a $8 buffet, but when the bill is $45 a head I expect a little more.
Once u survive the line to get in....the food is great but typical vegas buffet food. Its too pricey unless u can take down 4 to 5 plates.  Its not worth it.  They charge extra for booze once u get in. And they throw away all the food at closing time in a garbage can.  What a waste...but i guess its the norm
$178 for two ppl.  At this price- so not worth it.  Per person breakdown: $60 holiday price + $20 express lane + TIP because the cashier stares as you're signing and eyeing to see if you are tipping and the she STAMPS your receipt with big block letters that say TIP on top.  It's weird, I'm gonna say it. . . The buffet itself is ok.  It's hella messy.  Food ain't made with love.  If I wanted bad dim sum I can get it a buck each at Dim Sum express.  . . Oh but the dessert.  We are talking premium price, I expect french macarons made with almond flour with perfect macaron feet.  But there are no macarons.  There are gelato, different colors but same flavor.  The best thing are the jumbo chocolate covered strawberries.  . . Some of the memorable items: super dry hamburgers the cooks keep shoving forward but no ones touching, the made from concentrate juice bar, the crazy hectic layout, frazzled stressed out waitresses blaming each other for petty shit.. . Wicked Spoon is a step above this.  Wynn buffet is a step above Wicked Spoon.
cant believe i waited three hours for this buffet when i started lining up at 520pm. . . it is super annoying that they dont tell people to just leave.  there were people that were at least 2 hours away from being seated when i was seated at 830p and the buffet closes at 10. . . everything was standard compared to the wynn, which is slightly cheaper.  the only big difference in my book were the freshly shucked oysters which were very fresh.  but i will never wait in line for 3 hrs for this place again.
Okay I'm definitely not a fan and would not go out of my way to eat here. . I had this place bookmarked for my Christmas trip and was initially excited to go. . Turns out the only thing enjoyable was the snow crab legs which were actually sweet ( as compared to one's at the Caesar's buffet from the previous day, but at least the food at Caesar's was actually decent).. The clams and the mussels in the cute little buckets were dried out from sitting out and full of sand. The chorizo ( at least i think it was chorizo) tastes like what armpits smells like, hence "armpit clams". The layout was rather strange since all the seafood were next to each other in one section so the line for that was long and insane ( plus you have the crazy asian ladies jumping in and out because they think they are special and for them to have to stand in line like the rest of us is absurd- i want to trip them).. The prime rib was overcooked, even when i asked for the rarest piece. . Oysters were pretty decent although it had quite a bit of shell fragments, but i know these gluttonous folks had those shuckers madly working away.. The shrimp cocktail were huge but don't let that fool you. They were tasteless.. Oh yeah, not macarons. What the heck. Had they had that I would have upped my review to three stars.. . the good:. lines to get in where long and confusing and at first we didn't realize it was only a line leading towards the kiosk. so you use the kiosk to put down your reservation and it'll print out what time you should return to check in. that way you are free to do anything else rather than stand in line for 3 hours.I"m not sure if they only have that when it's a holiday and crazy crowded because from what i heard they didn't do it via that system before.
