Was it because it was Monday evening or is this common.... sparsely stocked buffet with sad, old looking food.  I was expecting more selection, more enticing food.  Alas, this was a much smaller buffet than the Rio and much less satisfying.   Thank goodness I did the buffet of buffets so that I could try another buffet to satisfy my urge.
Banned!  No longer will I eat at this buffet. They used to be my favorite with large alaskan king crab legs.  Now it's just a little bigger than snow crab legs.  Epic fail!  The quality and selection of food had really gone down the drain.  I've eaten here since the first year aladdin was built. Way back in early 2000.  It's a shame.  For 27.99 I could have spent a few dollars more and have gone to Wynn.  It's really generic buffet food.  It really reminds me of Rio's buffet.  Must have something to do with the harrahs taking over planet Hollywood.  Bye bye spice market.  After 10 years I feel like you have let me down.
Went here to check it out since we heard good things about it.  Is it me but Weekend Brunch seems to never be good...or at least I keep picking the wrong places.  The only redeeming factor is the fact you can get bottomless mimosas with the buffet price, which we only found out after I saw pitchers ofit being refilled.  I wish they told us when we sat down, such wasted stomach space of diet Coke.. . Well anyways, every area was fail.  Crab stuffed Sole was more bread stuffing than anything, the Italian area was purely pastas, the Mexican was just sad, the dessert crepe was super oily and just inedible.  The only thing good was the omelet cause it was made to order and warm and the Mediterranean area which had good baklava!  Also I got to smuggle out baked goods.  The apple turnover and bear claw were definite winners.. . I need to find a good weekend buffet place.  Someone HELP!
Went here for dinner on the last Vegas trip. Buy the 24 hour buffet for 48 bucks and you can hit 3 buffets in 24 hours. You will feel like a fat person cause you're going to be eating a lot. Arrived here for dinner and it wasn't too crowded. Our server (the person who gets you your drinks) kept ignoring our table, which was quite annoying. We saw people who were seated after us get their drinks before we got ours. Some food was just plain awful, like the chicken. It tasted like I was chewing rubber. . . The line wasn't too bad but when it gets busy, good luck. The good thing is the crab is already cut for you, unlike other buffets that make you work for it. Other than that, this buffet is like all of the other buffets in Vegas.
Went here for brunch on a Saturday with a friend. We got here between 10:30 and 11 am. Line wasn't long (especially when compared to some other places we passed), which was really the determining factor in going here.. . There were a lot of options on the buffet, but a bit heavier on the lunch vs. breakfast. The mimosas are included in the buffet price, which was cool. And I will say that I did enjoy the mimosas - they had a good balance of sparkling wine and orange juice. But the overall price was a bit expensive for my taste (probably pretty much in line with most buffets in Vegas).. . They had omelettes made to order, which was cool. But that was the only really special breakfast stuff they had. Other than that I got some fried potatoes, smoked salmon, french toast. I tried some of the desserts too and didn't really enjoy a single one.. . Overall, nothing was amazing, but everything was ok.
2.5 stars, but I'll round down.. . Reading review online, this was suppose to be one of the best buffets in Vegas.  It was decent, but not something to ride home about.. . The theme is a world buffet, with different stations including Chinese, American, Mexican, Mediterranean and I think Japanese.  Though creative, each station only had a few dishes for each theme, which limitis the buffet.  . . My husband complained that the crab legs were undercooked.  He was not impressed by their selection of seafood, however this is not a seafood buffet.  I had a roast pork that was very juicy, but nothing spectacular.. . I'd say, skip this and go out to a restaurant instead.
I bought the buffet all day pass m decided to try out this place. Not one of the best buffets that I have been to. I love seafood but I'm not sure what the buzz was about the crab legs. For the price they are asking... I say pass... . Pros: the staff are very nice and the place is very clean. . Con: nothing really stands out in terms of food variety. Food tastes like hometown buffet or sizzlers .
This buffet is just your standard buffet.  There is nothing special about it, only eat here if you can get it for free with your Harrah's total rewards points.. . One particularly annoying thing (besides the food being not that great) is that they put the desserts on these big round plates so you can't hold more than a couple at a time.  So dumb.
this buffett wasn't bad, nor was it special in anyway.. there are much better buffets on the strip. there is a wide variety of food, but none of it is super special.. i like the breakfast way more than the dinner.. service was pretty good though, my OJ was always filled up to the brim.
It was alright.  I know it's not bellagio buffet but I expected better customer service.  The food was average.  You get what you pay for.  But the service.. well.. not that great.  We had to keep hunting our waiter down to get drinks and refills.  Don't think I'll come back any time soon.
This place wasn't gross, but it wasn't good. I honestly just got a ton of salad and ice cream. I'd be pissed if I spent the full price on it but my friend checked in on Foursquare so we got a buy-one-get-one voucher so it was like $30 for the two of us for dinner. I guess it was fun to try a buffet in Vegas but maybe my expectations were a little too high? I'd rather have spent twice that and had a real meal at a good restaurant.. . The desserts were the best part.
I'm sad because I've eaten at Spice Market before, about a year ago, and remember liking it just fine.. . This time around either the quality was lower or my taste has gotten better. Either way, the champagne brunch was really not worth the price. Crab legs? None. Oysters? Nada. Champagne? Creme brulee? Nowhere to be found.. . Still, the food was worthy of 3 stars. I knocked one star off for service. When we were being seated, the host was a little condescending toward my Uncle for no apparent reason. Once we were seated, our waitress never once checked to see if our glasses needed to be refilled. We literally had to hunt her down for refills the entire meal, and when we did get her attention it was easily a 10-15 minute wait for refills. Often instead of helping her tables she was chatting with her co-workers. . . Our plates were also not cleared very often.. . FINAL VERDICT: edible, inattentive service, but really not worth the money
We went in August 2014, armed with a buffet of buffets pass.  Even at the discounted price this buffet wasn't worth it.  The food was even more tasteless and tired than last time.  I wouldn't go back. . -. I went here with my husband and two kids for dinner. Dinner was $23 after a $5off coupon available online, $15 for the kids.  There was quite a lot of variety of food, most, if not all, geared to American palates. I found three things I liked: the short ribs, spare ribs and pork buns. The prime rib was good, but make sure you get a juicy slice from the center. Most other dishes were OK, buffet rather than restaurant (or home) quality.  Many of the meats were pretty dry.  The desserts, in particular, were a great disappointment. They looked pretty but had no flavor and were not worth the calories. Best choices are the banana cream pie (sans the artificial topping), the cheesecake and the creme brulee. My youngest liked the cotton candy.. . I probably wouldn't return, I'd pay more and try something better reviewed.. . Complete review at: http://www.marga.org/foodblog/2011/08/spice-market-buffet-planet-hollywood-resort-las-vegas-review/
We waited in a line and paid $28 for our dinner - plus an $11 all-you-can-drink option! . . On a positive note the drink option is awesome and they have a literal plethora of food. They also had hot steamed crab legs which was a huge plus. Unfortunately there wasn't anything I thought was delicious. They really had a problem keeping hot food hot and cold food cold. I would not recommend this to anyone with taste buds.
The food is subpar here. The Rio is way better.. I came here because it's part of the Buffet of Buffets.. . Go for the Cotton candy and pre-sliced crab legs. The chinese and indian stations looked very sad. I made myself fancy salads with chilled shrimp and snow crab legs.. . The crepe station makes sweets only. It's really greasy compared to the Paris buffet.. . It's a pretty small buffet.
No.. That's pretty much the summation of my experience here.. . I got this as part of the Buffet of Buffet packages, and since I hadn't tried this buffet yet on any of my previous 10 trips to Vegas, I thought I'd give it a go. The yelp reviews were somewhere in the middle, so I figured it couldn't be that bad. . . First, I went the mistake of going after the brunch portions were cleared away. Eggs, bacon, and the like are easy, filling foods that are hard to screw up, and without them there's a good chance that the other food will be not that great. I was right.. . The salad bar items were not too bad, but the meat was kind of gross. Any of the chicken items I tried were tasteless breast meat with no flavor and a consistency of wet toilet paper. And I'm talking about stuff that was supposed to be coated in middle eastern/Indian spices. NO taste. . . The service sucked--our waiter evidently went home after he brought my friend her drink (she was seated a few minutes before me), and NEVER came back. I had to wait until my meal was almost done before we could flag down another waitress just so I could get a drink to wash down the disappointment that was this meal. . . In the future, I'd give this one a miss, unless I was sure there were breakfast items available. Given that some of the food was passable, I have hopes that the breakfast items would make it worth the time. But other than that? No.
I came here two years ago and really liked it, but this time, there was just too much food that it was overwhelming. I was really sad that there was no omelet station; I think there used to be one! I also wasn't impressed with their Asian food or their breakfast selection. The line to get into the buffet also looked massive humongous, and if you're seated at one of the tables near the line, people will just keep looking over the partition at you, hoping to hurry you up. I liked the Middle Eastern food section, but that was about it. I would say go for the brunch buffet at the Wynn or Bellagio if you're in Vegas!
Came here for the lunch meal of my Buffet of Buffets day.  Kind of tricky to find as you have to go downstairs from the casino to get to the buffet.  . . They had tons of stations organized by regions of the world: Middle Eastern, American, Italian, Mexican, Seafood and Salad.  I tried the shrimp cocktail, shrimp tempura, pesto pasta, mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes and designed my own taco.  Nothing was particularly good except the shrimp tempura and sweet potatoes.  . . This was the buffet with the most esthetically pleasing desserts.  They all looked amazing, so I grabbed a chocolate cream pie, creme brulee, eclair and fruit tart.  Nothing tasted good.  I then decided to get myself some chocolate custard to satisfy my sweet craving.  It was completely liquid and melted.  Disappointing since I'm big on desserts.  . . May be worth stopping by if the meal is comped or you're a Planet Hollywood guest that is too lazy to go anywhere else.  I wouldn't pay to go back.
Not.good.period. . . . A group of 4 of us came here at about 10am for the breakfast buffet on a Wednesday and it was VERY underwhelming!!! It looks like maybe it would have been okay for lunch or dinner with all the different food around the world stations, but for breakfast it was just the same stuff and over again which would have been okay I guess if the food they had wouldn't have been so nasty.. . The eggs were old and rubbery, the bacon was practically raw, the pancakes tasted like cardboard and the little mcmuffin type things had bread SO HARD I think I chipped a tooth. My friend got a danish and he hit it with a fork and it made a sound like a hockey puck. The quiche and crepes were no better.. . We all ordered an array of drinks and the waitress managed to mess that up. Also, the hot chocolate was disgusting and the coffee wasn't much better. She was not very good and I got a rude vibe from her. . . $20 per person seemed WAY over priced for what they offered. I will NEVER go here again for breakfast, and honestly, I think I'd skip it for anything else as well and go somewhere else like The Rio which I know to be amazing.
It pains me to say this...but this buffet experience (December 2011) was really NOT good. . . Wait:. I've been to Spice Market a half dozen times over the last decade and this meal was a far cry from the flavorful buffet I remembered from past visits. The wait was long, which I expected, but we were briskly instructed to move along in the downstairs maze by a cashier, which I found to be unnecessary (felt a little like cattle!). Once I paid for two dinner buffets ($67 for two adults...dang), we waited another 10 minutes before being directed to our table. . . Service:. We loaded up on our first plates...no utensils initially required since we went for Mexican fare. Good thing, since no server came by. I had to ask one of the employees directing people to their seats for our silverware. Halfway through our second plate we finally managed to wave our server down to get drinks. Which were never refilled. . . Food:. I used to love the Spice Market for its good quality and variety (which one should expect for the price). Mediocre at best, truly. Lots of lukewarm, borderline bland dishes. The Middle Eastern station was best, with decent dolmas and Moroccan vegetable dish. Dessert were also fine, but Italian, Seafood, and Mexican were pretty crummy. Big bummer, since I'd been awaiting a gigantic, amazing feast after a 10 day climbing trip - AND it was nearly the equivalent of my entire food purchases over the previous week of adventures. . . Will DEFINITELY avoid this buffet on future trips.
This place used to be much better.  This is my third time.. . Many of the items did not impress me.  Sushi selection is dismal, one item?  Come on!  They need to take down the sign claiming to be the #1 buffet in Vegas!  They are not even close!. . I did enjoy the prime rib and potatoes.  The crab legs were average.  The Middle eastern food was good as well.  I enjoyed the Humus, tabouleh, lamb.  The chicken was a bit dry so get some sauce for it.  Soup selection was poor.  We tried a number of desserts and most were OK.  I liked the souffle.  I doubt I will return.  . . Too many better places in Vegas for a buffet!  I'd be willing to pay more for a better experience.
Not worth the price after having been to the Carnival World Buffet at the Rio Hotel & Casino.  This buffet was (key word, "was") rated the #1 buffet in Vegas but since the rating, there have been a whole group of buffets that have outdone this place.  This restaurant is mediocre at best.  Also, service is very spotty.  Once you go Carnival World Buffet, you don't go back!
Why is this listed as a top buffet?  It's not good.  The seafood, italian, asian, dessert, mexican... stations have a poor selection and do not meet expectations beyond average.  The meatballs, stuffed pork loin, and steamed pork bun were very good but that was it- in the entire buffet!. . Nope, I'll never come back.. . -ate lunch during the week, for $25 (way too much for lunch)
I don't understand how this buffet has such a good reputation.. . The food was mediocre to good.  For the price, I'd HAPPILY pay $10 more and go to the Aria and have lobster or prime rib that isn't dry.  . . This place feels like they are just cramming mass amounts of food down your throat sacrificing quality.  You may as well go to the Excalibur and save $20 if that is what you are looking for.
I have been to a couple buffets in Vegas, and Planet Hollywood's Spice Market kind of falls in the middle. It's not bad, but at the same time, it's not great. Maybe I've just been spoiled by the awesome crab legs at Rio, but Spice Market's crab legs seem to be flavorless and small. The crab legs were the main thing that attracted me, but I did try out some of the other food. The clams seemed good at first, but then i kept finding fragments of shell stabbing at my teeth. The desserts were good, but then again, I'm not really a big desserts person- put some ice cream in front of me and I'm happen. Having been to the Spice Market twice (on different trips), I'll probably avoid it going forward.
NO wait to get in.. . Seated at a table as requested.. . Wandered to check the food, a lot to look at.. . Tried a variety of foods from a variety of cultures all made in a kitchen in a Las Vegas Hotel. Nothing transported me to the culture represented and the best I could say is, very uninspired.. . I do not remember any contact with a waitperson so who knows. But our plated were cleared when we came back to the table so they must be there doing their jobs.
The food was just ok in my opinion. I would say that Golden Corral is much better on a good day. I did enjoy the cotton candy and the fruit tarts...everything else was just meh...
Go elsewhere- the quality, service, price, and variety are nothing special (with exception to the Middle Eastern Food).  The buffet at the Rio is much better!!!
I was thoroughly not impressed! first of, the sunday brunch price was $28.99 with tax came out to $31. It's a champagne brunch with all you can drink. While standing in the long line granted it was during the peak brunch time at around noonish, I could see the extensive choices. There's selection, like an American station, Mexican station, Middle Eastern (this includes Indian, weird!), Asian, Italian (apparently pancakes and french toast are Italian), a breakfast station, a dessert station, a seafood station and two salad stations. As I said, it's extensive. So, I was hungry, my belly was growling and I remember seeing someone eating a cotton candy as they were leaving Spice Market so I was intrigued by this. Anywho, stood in line, paid, stood in line yet again and my party of five was eventually seated after a half hour wait. So we gave our drink orders, and a friend and I took our turn to get our food. Of course I was excited, I saw on the screens while we were waiting that was chicken curry at the Middle Eastern station so I knew I had to get some. Grabbed two plates and started with an Eggs benedict, BACON, got some chicken curry, tandoori chicken, some steamed rice, a steamed pork bun (yea i was getting my feast on) and proceeded back to the table to get crunk with my food. Sadly that was not to be, the chicken curry was salty and lacked flavor (what happened to spice? huh Spice Market?!), the tandoori chicken was rubbery and so lackluster, it felt limp in my mouth =( , the steamed rice was not that soft (like how do you mess that up?!), the Eggs Benedict egg was not runny but COOKED through, seriously?!! The only two things that were satisfactory was the bacon and the pork bun. So I thought maybe it's a fluke? I must have chose the wrong food items, so back I went to the buffet and this time, I got a blueberry and cherry crepe, a slice of french toast, some fruit (cantaloupe and pineapple) and a fruit cobbler. the crepe was meh I've had way better, the french toast was limp and blah, the fruit not sweet and the fruit cobbler was generic. The $31 was money wasted, I might have been full from sampling everything but I was not satisfied, rather I felt cheated. In my opinion for the money you spend, the same price could be better spent at other brunch buffets elsewhere on the strip like Mandalay Bay, the Rio or Stratosphere. I'm not a big buffet person but this buffet is a no-go in the future.
So not impressed. If I wanted to spend this much on brunch, I would've gone somewhere better, but no, the people in the group wanted this place. I think we should've questioned her taste buds since she was slightly sick/congested. . . The place had different stations. There was American, Mexican, Italian, Asian, a Salad station, Seafood, Desserts, and MIddle Eastern, which included Indian food because apparently India is not Asia according to Planet Hollywood. . . The line was quite long, but it was around brunch/lunch so my party and I waited in line, which didn't seem that long of a wait. Or maybe it didn't seem that long since they had TVs playing a Nets game and people were all about Lin, but I digress. Once we paid, the total came to $31, we had to wait to be seated, which again didn't seem so long a wait. We marked out drink orders on a paper and went off in search of belly fulfilling food. I got the usual breakfast food: eggs benedict, bacon (a lot of it since I don't really eat bacon lol), as well as some fruit and harsh browns. Another plate contained stuff from the Middle Eastern station, like some chicken curry, basmati rice, their lamb stuffed tomato thing, and pita and hummus. Well have to say, I enjoyed the breakfast stuff, aside from the non-runny eggs benedict and was kinda disappointed in the Middle Eastern station. I found the food at that station a bit bland and asking "Where is the spice that makes this whatever it is suppose to be?!" . . Luckily there were drinks, although the OJ was a bit warm for my liking. And the mimosas were more like an Orangina than a mimosa. We asked for water, but that didn't come till later. I almost thought the poor server forgot. Anyways, I went back to the buffet to see what else I could eat. I didn't find much too appealing cause I was a bit full, but I soldiered on. I went back for a crepe which was at the dessert station. They didn't have any strawberries (big boo to that!!!) so I settled with cherries topped with chocolate sauce, whipped cream, and powdered sugar. I found it a bit blah; too chocolatey and the cherry filling was a bit off putting for me. . . I got another fruit of plate and found I was more satisfied with fruit than I was with anything else. I could've gotten it and a decent mimosa somewhere else or found better food at other buffets on and off the strip. Aside from the fruit, I liked the cotton candy :). . I like buffets in Vegas, but not this one.
The only thing I like about this place is that they split the crab legs in half for you already so all you have to do is eat it. I get buffet of buffet passes ($50) just to eat unlimited crab and this saves so much time on not having to crack them open. . They have different stations for different foods like Mediterranean, Italian, Mexican, Salad bar and stuff, but a lot of things I tried were pretty bland or dry.. Service is not that great here...slow...but you kind of expect that at a buffet anyways.. They have a good dessert layout though, and cotton candy! Boyfriend and I took 7 large cotton candies on the way up to the casino :]
Lost its Pizazz. Long lines not worth the wait. Save yr time. Go somewhere else. Food overcooked in the warmers.
As a vegan, I could only really judge on the selection of veggies and random vegan-friendly items. Buffets are usually my time to get creative with what is available to me. The Spice Market Buffet looked especially fun since it featured your basic global cuisines.. . At the salad bar I stocked up on grilled bell peppers, asparagus, brusselsprouts, olives, and other veggies that were not very memorable. Next I perused the Mexican food bar in hopes to top certain veggies with guacamole. Unfortunately, the guacamole looked sad, grey, and machine processed.. . The Mid-Eastern bar looked much more promising while I filled my plate with hummus, dolmas, tabouli, pita, and if I remember correctly, some kinda of zucchini dish.. . Overall, I was glad that there was a sufficient amount of options for me. However, all of it tasted as if these options were after thoughts. Nothing very exciting here. To top it off, the staff all had this "FML" attitude about themselves. From the cashiers to the hostess to the servers. Geez, get a better job if you all hate it so much.. . The next day we went to Le Village Buffet at Paris which was way better food, service, and atmosphere. It made The Spice Market Buffet look like a Sizzler.
I did not like the food. Counters were dirty. Food look like been out for a long time. The dessert bar was cute. disappointed.
Didn't think the food was anything special and they took forever to take the empty plates for the table. Managers were just standing around talking while they were under staffed I kinda felt bad for the waiters.
Basically crappy food. The crab legs were good, but Rio's seafood buffet has better ones. They had different types of food, Italian, Mexican, etc. But it was no where near authentic or tasty.
For a casino buffet, this was a disappointment... it was the least nice of all of the buffets we visited in Vegas (and believe me, we visited a lot). . . First of all, after having been at the beautiful buffet at the Wynn the night before, the atmosphere here was really lacking. I almost kind of felt like I was in someone's basement. It was somewhat cafeteria-y. . . The service was terrible. I commend them for the nice idea of having a card on which you can make your drink selections, so you don't have to wait for your server to arrive before going up for food. But this seems to foster an attitude of complete disinterest for the servers. I think we may have interacted with our server once... or maybe not, not even sure if that was him. He seemed overworked and stressed out. . . The food here really wasn't bad actually, but it's hard to completely appreciate it in light of other negatives. That being said, this may be one of the better buffets for vegetarians. I really enjoyed the middle-eastern and Mexican areas. . . Overall, decent and sometimes quite good food is overshadowed by a lousy environment and absent service. Not bad if it weren't in Vegas, but for Vegas... disappointing.
Located inside younger-crowd-ed Planet Hollywood, the Spice Market buffet is located sub-level with entry off the escalator.. . Offerings for breakfast were just A-OK (as denoted by rating)...I don't remember anything memorable here; they serve lunch fares during breakfast hours and the dessert station is filled.  One note on food:. . * Pork taco in Mexican-fare station = Odd. Their pork filling was char-isu pork, def not your usual taco (but it wasn't good).  Was it their attempt to mimic the food-truck crossovers in Cali?. . Service, however, was very friendly & engaging.  Sadly, this is the only redeeming factor at this buffet.
Line is very long, but is it worth it? No, because it took away an hour of my time waiting in line, and the return value was nothing because the food was meh.. . In my humble opinion, this place is only popular because of the hotel and not for the food.. . To reiterate, the food was either bland or salty. Thankfully, we had the Buffet of Buffets deal for $45.99 (after the $5 discount for being a total rewards member) and we got to eat at 6 different buffets within 24 hours. So for the price of it being Buffet of Buffets, it was only okay. If I had to pay for the original dinner price, I would be quite upset right now. Do not pay full price would be my best advice. It simply isn't worth the price!. . About the food, only 3 things really made my trip a little better:. -the fruits (lame right?). -the middle eastern food section as many have mentioned was good. -the cotton candy (wow! this was the only buffet I know that offered cotton candy!). . Other than that, nothing else stood out. You're better off saving your money and spending a little more on more noteworthy buffets---like the Wynn and/or Belagio.
Mediocre/ junky dishes. However, they dohave lots of variety and they do cater to the late night/fourthmeal/ jumbaco palette, which made me wish that this buffet was my college residence hall cafeteria. That would've been awesome.
I have frequented the Spice Market a number of times when I  was in Las Vegas.  Every time it was excellent probably the best in the city.  I took a party of 9 today for breakfast, spending over $180 only to find the quality had fallen off significantly.  As examples, the cheese on the cheese platter was dry and the edges curling.  The baked oatmeal was so over cooked that you could not get a serving spoon to break the  crust.  The bowl of compote at the crepe station were very unappetizing.  In fact the bananas foster with peaches resembled vomit.  I infact spoke to the manager, Keith, and his.attitude was that he could care less and did missed my comments.  Save your money and find another breakfast buffet.  This review should actually have 1star but the attitude of the waitstaff was excellent.  The only.redeeming feature of this Buffett.
Another buffet? Why the heck not. Planet Hollywood's Spice Market Buffet isn't anything to rave about but if you're looking for a quick buffet and a lower price point, this is your bet.. . Cost:. Breakfast ~$15.99+*. Lunch ~$18.99+*. Dinner ~$27.99+*. All you drink $11.99*. *prices before tax, weekend prices increase by a couple dollars.. . Service:. Quality if service isn't the best, got in line, paid, with no one ahead of us and the waiter/host were busy talking to one another.. . What's good to eat? The brisket and grilled asparagus are the most satisfying in my opinion. The roasted chicken was a little dry for my taste but was seasoned appropriately. Baked potato was very plain, nothing to rave about, does need a potato toppings bar though. The various styles of cuisines didn't seem to blend for me. This would be a place to eat if you're not too worried about the quality.
We should have known that this buffet had gone downhill as there was no line at 11am - just when the lunch buffet was beginning!  This used to be so good and worth the wait. Now it is very mediocre and we will not be going back.
Came here for breakfast the day before leaving Vegas. Decent selection of breakfast food items. Everything was pretty standard and average, but nothing really blew my mind. Let's just say I didn't want seconds of anything. . . The dessert selection was sooooo disappointing. The dessert ranged from cupcakes to........uhhh more cupcakes.
This was the 4th and final stop on our 24 hour buffet rampage, and we all wished we would have skipped it. One of my brothers even suggested leaving while we were all on our first(and I think only) plate and going back to Paris or Harrah's. We came here for brunch on Sunday. In addition to them not being satisfied with how slowly the champagne was flowing, they all mentioned how nasty the bacon was, and we were all less than amused with the selection and variety of this place. The corned beef hash was VERY salty and I did not enjoy the smoked salmon, but the chorizo & eggs were good as were the breakfast potatoes. I was also somewhat annoyed that the signs did not match what they were in front of, but maybe that was because they were changing from breakfast to brunch. My first plate was OK, but I had no desire to go back for a second, until I saw the dessert. They had a HUGE selection of interesting flavors of cupcakes. I had a candy apple one, a key lime one, and two other unique flavors. They were really good, but not good enough to lure me back here, even with the buffet of buffets pass. Do NOT go here, as there are far better options.
This place is garbage. The people at the host place that takes your money are rude. We probably should have went somewhere else just based on the lousey service prior to us eating.. . We got to the front of the line to grab some grub at PH. The lady took us in and asked us how many.. . "Four". . She looks at us.... . "Oh...this guy can help you." and she points to her counterpart. . Coutnerpart looks at her...I look at her and both.. . "You can't take them?". . "There are four, I only do singles.". . So just right there, makes me sad. My buddies and I were pretty disgusted about that experience and we haven't eaten.. . So we sat down and grab some food. That was disapointing. The soup feels like it was from last night. How can I tell? Noodles in a chicken noodle soup shouldn't look pastey and falling apart. It should be nice and firm. . . Salad bar seems lacking and everything is a repeat on the other side. All the foods are seperated. There's Asiantown, Indiantown, Mexicantown...they are not named that but you get the idea.. . Soups are against the wall. Salads, well not sure what happened there, didn't have much but fruit.. . This is really not worth the trouble. If you have that 24 hour pass I would pass on this one.
Visited here on a Tuesday morning for their breakfast buffet using a 25% off ACG coupon.  There was a fairly long, slow moving line at the cashier stand in order to be seated.. . Service was AWFUL.  I had already practically finished my first plate before a server came around to bring drinks, and then only after I had asked another server is anyone was assigned to my section.No excuse for that.  Also had to ask for the one refill I managed to get on my coffee.. . The food was decent, except for a piece of beef of some kind that could not be cut with a knife or chewed.  . . My experience at Flavors buffet at Harrah's the next morning was much better.
Came to the Spice Market Buffet for dinner using our buffet of buffets pass. Sadly it was not very good. There is a large variety of food types, but unfortunately most aren't worth trying. The Mexican station was the best, but even that wasn't great it was just far better than everything else! . . On a positive note the line moved very fast and we waited for less than 10 minutes.. . If you have the buffet of buffet pass save yourself the stomach space and go to the Paris buffet instead.
First off, no service, so check-in first.... . The buffet is located on the basement floor decorated with an extravagant entrance arch. The escalator was broken on the other side (coming back up to the casino), people were complaining...I thought it was good...(You just ate...think about it as exercise). Anyways, we walked inside and saw the buffet of buffets deal. So of course...I bought that! I may be a girl, but I sure can eat like a football player! =] . . The selection here was a salad bar, Asian, Italian, Mexican, Mediterranean, American, and desserts. The salad bar was not very good because everything looked very limp. You could tell whoever bought the produce doesn't know how to choose the right fruits and vegetables. The Asian entrees were a bit salty...not a fan. Italian area looked very good, but quality wise...not so much. The pasta was a bit dry as well as the meatballs. Another disappointment like Bacchanal Buffet...Guess Vegas wasn't set for Italian foods? I'll just make my own Italian dishes =]. . The Mexican area I would have thought would have been good, but I was disappointed. The nachos that I created was falling apart. The chips were thin and couldn't hold much of the ingredients. The toppings were not made fresh except the pico de gallo. The guacamole was watered down. The meats didn't look very good and just sitting there drying up...The cheese quesadilla was not good! It wasn't hot and the cheese was hardened. All I have to say is that I was sad.... . Nothing against Mediterranean foods, but once I tried this awhile back...I wasn't feeling very well, so I can't say much about this station. But the kabobs looked nice. American selection wasn't that great...I asked for a rare slice of prime rib and they gave me well done, not very good with service. (Could have said to wait for the next one to come out). So I decided to wait later and the meat was a bit of a tug to eat, but descent though. There was also sausage and ham. Chicken noodle soup at first tasted good, but the second bite...man you definitely can taste the black pepper. (Broke a sweat...JK!) The macaroni and cheese didn't look that good to eat...should have stuck with my first impression, but decided to take a huge portion still. This tasted horrible...the macaroni was cooked thank goodness compared to Bacchanal Buffet...but the cheese was overcooked and didn't have enough flavor. Another disappointment.. . The dessert station was like watching Cupcake Wars...WAY TOO MANY! Just looking at the different flavors of cupcakes made me want to chuck everything back out. I did try the red velvet cupcake and it was dry. The icing...do not know what was sour in there...Then, I tried the fruit tart, which was not very good except the crust. The cheesecake was extremely thick and bland. . . Overall, I would not recommend coming here, but we got to Vegas late and stayed at Paris...So the second closest place to eat was Planet Hollywood. However, service here was ok...not the best. Didn't take plates very often. Also...where I sat...it was broken...so I got a bruise on my booty... =( I guess the unlimited apple juice made up for it though =]
Only standouts are the prime rib and the fried seafood.  The dessert section in the middle of the buffet looks impressive, but only a few of them measured up.. . There are better meals to be had in Las Vegas.
Went here around 5 p.m. on a Saturday.  The wait was ridiculous...the employees kept asking for a party of 5 or 6.  The line was not moving at all (where you have to wait in line AFTER you pay).  Next thing you know, they are still asking for a party of 5 or 6.  My husband & I made a party of 5 with other people who were waiting in line.  This was dumb....the employees should have been saying, "we have a table for 5-6 people if you don't mind sitting together."  We were starving & so were other people.. . The snow crab legs were nasty---didn't even get one or try it.  All the other food looked like what ever...this only got 2 starts instead of 1 star, because I liked the "middle eastern" section.  However, I went here thinking I was going to have some crab legs.. . Everything in the middle eastern section was pretty good: curry was delish, hummus was good, pieces of beef, lamb, & chicken were o.k. (some were good).  The pieces of meat were a bit cold  All the other sections just didn't look good.. . Dessert: lots of different flavored cupcakes---didn't know what to get.  The one I tasted was just o.k. & had some kind of filling inside.. . *We went here with our buffet of buffet pass, but we will pass on this buffet next time.  I rather to go the one at the Rio.....
My friends and I got the buffet of buffets pass $45 with the TR card.. . We came on a Saturday morning around 12, and waited for about 30 - 45 minutes before we were seated. . . This buffet has a really small selection per style cuisine around 3 - 4 types of food per section.  . . The prime rib here was really juicy and red which I liked, but nothing else really stood out.   The meats (meatballs, lamb stuffed tomatoes, chicken, etc) were all dry and not very tasty.  . For desserts they have 10 - 15 different types of cupcakes, . I had the Reeses peanut butter cupcake, Kahlua cupcake, Chocolate Ganache Cupcake, Cannoli cupcake, a fruit tart, and the cotton candy. . . The Reese's peanut butter cupcake is good if you like peanut butter alot, but there wasn't enough chocolate for me. . The Kahlua cupcake barely had any Kahlua flavor. . The chocolate ganache on top of the cupcakes was really sweet and creamy. . The cannoli cupcake was pretty fluffy and moist. . . The cotton candy was the only thing I really enjoyed at this buffet. . I didn't even eat that much because the food wasn't very good. . .  I would not recommend coming here if you have the buffet of buffets pass, because you will just be wasting your time.
My family loves this buffet and have frequently eaten here since this buffet opened. The servers are always wonderful and thoughtful. However, on our recent trip to Las Vegas, we were shocked to see the entire dessert buffet changed. We always enjoyed the upscale desserts offered at this buffet. Now  they have replaced Cream Brulee with cheap cupcakes! My 9 year old was even complaining. I spoke to a manager and he was not responsive the way our server was. My family will not return to The Spice Market Buffet until the upscale desserts have returned. What used to make this buffet worth the trip is now gone.
We eat here few years back and the food was better - we went there today with the kids and the food was around OK not more then that. Add to that the fact that all buffets in Vegas has this Holiday Price uplift that adds 30-40% to the standard price and one end up not getting his money worth...
Really not sure why this buffet was voted No. 1 for six years in a row (according to its own website).. . Maybe I was tired. Maybe I was full from all the eating I did that day. Maybe it was because the waiter came by 3 times to ask me what I wanted to drink, only to remember that he already took my order twice. Maybe it was the dried out cupcakes. Maybe it was the dry, warm cheese. It could have been the fact that there was no chicken kabob, or that most of the food was unoriginal. Or the hummus tasted weird.. . No, it was all of that. Except the cotton candy was decent. Sadly, we waited an hour for this.
I went here during a busy holiday weekend, and the buffet was PACKED. There were two options to get into the buffet: wait in line and pay the normal price (which I did and ended up waiting for nearly an hour), or pay the express line price. Those who paid the express line price got to zip through the line, but they got the same food for a lot more money. I didn't think it was worth it. . . The food itself was good, and this buffet had lots of options. However, the service was abysmal. You have to write your drink order on a card instead of telling the waitress. We didn't know that, and we waited a while for the waitress to arrive. Once she did, we didn't have our card ready so she just left. I ended up not getting my drink until I had finished my first plate. That sucked. Plus, we never got refills. This place was definitely NOT worth the cost.
As Sir Charles Barkley would say "turrible turrible turrible" . . Don't be fooled by a packed house at the buffet. Sure there are a lot of food options for breakfast at the buffet here but none of the offer much in taste and make you want to go back for seconds. The only thing I enjoyed here was the frozen yogurt, which is pretty difficult to mess up. . . Worst meal I had on my trip and will definitely not go back again. You can put your money down on that.
I am terribly displeased with my experience here at the Spice Buffet. Its not only grade D for Vegas but it can be considered one of the worse buffets I had ever been to. . Not only were the food not fresh but the dessert section shouldn't even be called a dessert section, all it literally had was just cupcakes and some frozen cheap yogurt ?! . . This is actually quite disheartening because just a couple years back SPICE market buffet was the go to buffet, rave reviews from everyone and now its literally a ghost town down those escalators. . . Aside from that ,the service was not great, the people working there seemed to not know what they were doing. I had bought the meal ticket and Spice market was one of the options, when we presented our ticket to them they told me it was not accepted!? It took a bit before they were able to process it and made us walk to V theater to pick up a different voucher to dine there, i thought that move was just so inconvenient and unnecessary! I went back and told the same lady that had no idea what she was doing the situation and she rudely responded that this was just the way it was. . . . . I say pay an extra 20 bucks and dine at a better buffet !
No longer one of the better buffets. Was there a couole weeks ago and was dissapointed with the service and the food. Didnt get my drink for 15 minutes after sitting down. Place wasnt even busy. The food has definitely went down. I cant think of one item that was great. Everything was average or below average. They got rid of creme brulee and Alaskan king crab legs. I love crepes but again this was subpar, canned fillings. For the price you can do better.
Food quality: 2/5. The food here is so bland. I minus one star for the lack of selection, minus one for the taste of the food they did have, and minus another for not having any crab legs... Everything they had tasted like something made at a normal buffet like Golden Corral or Hometown Buffet; I'd expect better from a Vegas buffet. Sorely disappointed.. . Customer service: 2/5. I only give them some stars because when I asked a random person for some ketchup, she brought it to me (though it took longer than one would expect). On top of that, we received our drinks from our waitress and saw her maybe once more for the rest of our 2 hour meal. . . Ambiance: 2/5. It just feels like a place that will disappoint. You have to take the escalator downstairs to the dungeon. Inside it's somewhat dimly lit, but not like a nice steak house dimly lit... It just looks terrible and it's laid out so you can only walk along the food area to get from one side to another. This may at first make sense because they want you to see the food, but when you're getting food from across the place and it would be slightly easier to cut through, let them. Don't put up a wall half way through the place so you have to go all the way back around by all the food again.
I dined here 3 years ago for breakfast and it was really good (+1 star) we even went back twice that trip. The next time I went back in March '13 and the food was terrible. Food was cold and every thing looked like it had been sitting for awhile. I had 2 mini waffles and tried to eat the gross watery eggs and a sliver of pineapple,  then decided that i had enough, nothing else looked good. I notified the manager ( I wasnt the only one complaining). It was so bad I left a buffet hungry. I really hope they fix this and go back to the way it was 3 years ago.. . Cons - Expensive. -Food is cold. -Food doesnt look appealing
Before You read this I must say that I am the type of person that would much prefer a $50 plate of good quality food than $40 smorgasbord of mediocre food.  With that being said, there are a few things I expect from every restaurant, and one of those is CLEANLINESS.  . . I dined here with family in March for Sunday brunch at around 2pm.   While I must say, they do have a nice selection of food, especially desserts but I didn't expect to see bugs on the buffet.  Oh...and yes, I did say bugs, and by bugs, I mean a roach.. . My wife was going to get food and she saw a roach crawling on the buffet in between food bins.  The lady manning the station saw the roach and in a very mechanical fashion covered the roach with a towel, threw it on the floor and stomped it out.  She had no sense of alarm which made me feel like this probably happens all the time.  . . I was at the table trying to enjoy my dessert (the cupcakes were fantastic...and the bread pudding was the best part of my meal) but my stomach was turned when my wife returned to the table to say "Oh Lord...there is a roach!"  . . To the credit of the restaurant, we went to the manager and our meal was comped immediately which I do appreciate, but I don't appreciate knowing that I might have consumed food that was tap danced on by bugs.. . I would not return to this restaurant, but I must say that the manager handled the situation well, for what that is worth.
The Spice Market buffet was really disappointing.  The shrimp, wild mushroom stew, strawberry cream cake and bread pudding were the only redeeming dishes.  The crab legs had the frozen seawater taste (at least they were pre cut) and most of the fish in the seafood section were dried out, frozen fish.  The grape rolls in the Middle Eastern wasn't even edible.  . . The deserts were marginally better.  It was definitely a cop out to have so many cupcakes instead of real deserts.  Glad I got a groupon and didn't pay full price for it.
What the hell happened here in the past 6 months. This was my favorite buffet in Vegas since it opened. I came here this past weekend expecting the best but instead got shortchanged. I asked for their 24 hour AYCE buffet pass. It went up $20 to $70. Really? I expected the quality of food to have increased as much as the prices. Over half of the food I got was so SALTY, I couldn't eat it. If you have heart disease or diabetes, run for the exit. Ridiculously salty. It was 6:30pm on Friday when we walked in. This place was empty. Should've recognized this red flag. . . Came back for breakfast the next day. Same thing. My favorite corned beef hash to the hash browns were saturated with salt. Who runs the kitchen now? They should rename their buffet "Salt Market Buffet."  Time to find me a new buffet in town...Any recommendations?
This is the Reece Witherspoon of buffets. It's bland, cold, and lacks character, but tolerable for 90 minutes because you're girlfriend wants to go. It really had all of the standard buffet fare, but didn't do anything for me. I picked at each station, but couldn't find anything really to write home about. I will say, like most of the buffets that it was only half full, but had a twenty minute wait to get in. Can we please learn to staff these buffets with more waiters??? Anyway, I really recommend you skip this one and head to the buffet at Paris. AMAZING!
I've been living on Vegas for ten years now and have been to most buffets so far. This one was a bug let down. Most of the food was very dry and the selections wasn't as great as you would expect after waiting and hour and a half in line because of some kind of special. . . The service was very slow, I really had to flag someone down just to get my drink refilled. The desert selection wasn't great as well and the banana foster was made very poorly. However the one redeeming feature they did have was that they can custom make crepes with a wide veriety of toppings. . . Overall I wouldn't go here when there are so many better places to eat in Vegas and better buffets.
We only dined here because we arrived late and were hungry and didn't want to venture out into the humid heat for dinner. Although there is much international variety, the quality and flavors were marginal. Try Wicked Spoon, Wynn, or M resort buffets instead, you won't regret it.
I can't believe the chef told me to eat the tiny slice of prime rib, then come back for more. (I asked for 2 slices after seeing how tiny the first one was).. . I can't believe the middle eastern section dude only gave 3 nuggets of beef kabob. I didn't even feel like asking for more after the prime rib episode. It was way overly salty. Glad I didn't get more (and waste it).. . I can't believe the cupcakes are 'signature'. I wouldn't put my name on them, that's for sure. They were dry, they fell apart into crumbs when the paper was removed. Didn't see any pie or cake (other than the damn cupcakes).. . I can't believe the salad bar was so unsubstantial.. . Braised short ribs didn't have anyone armed with a chef's knife looking over them. I took 4 or 5 pieces, but only ate 2. Tasteless, rubbery. No monitoring needed; but then, no monitoring was needed for the kabobs either.. . Crab legs were conveniently split, so I ate some of that.. . Sir PH: Sucking people in with Groupon isn't going to save the place...a change of menu and attitude is what you need.. . I went to Rampart Buffet twice- looking for an upward change at Spice Market. Twice the money, half the quality. Rampart wasn't bad, especially, especially for the price. Spice Market Buffet I would put on par with Circus Circus (ie cheap crap food). If you set high expectations at Circus Circus, it's your own fault.
I was in Las vegas last week June 3 - 7, 2013 and purchased the Groupon prior to eat lunch at this buffet.  I was excited, but the excitement slowly became disappointment.  There was no line at peak lunch time 12:30pm, this was my first warning sign, but since I already had the Groupon I was dedicated to having my meal there. The Groupon was a good deal especially since it came with the unlimited drinks deal.  The champagne was pretty good, and unlimited coronas was a nice touch, but how much can you drink, drinking lots of beer, wine, and champagne limits how much food you can eat. Now to the food... The food was bland and dry.  The portions the woman was carving at the carving station made me even hungrier, by the fourth time I went to her station I just asked for 4 times the regular amount.  The only decent items at this buffet were the beef from the carving station, the pesto pasta, and the fajitas.  The rest of the food was take a bite and leave the rest type of food.  The desserts were the worst part of all.  They had all these wonderful tempting looking cupcakes, there must have been 25 different flavors all looked good, I tried a bite from four different ones, all were stale and dry.  Such a let down, I highly recommend going elsewhere especially when considering this places regular prices.
I pretty much tried everything there was for dinner.  I didn't like anything and I'm not a super picky person.  This place is good to go to if you have a deal, which makes it cheap for a buffet where you can grub on everything for 1 price.  FYI Dinner starts at 3pm, not 330pm as it states on their answering machine service.  We made it known to the cashier and he already knew that the machine is wrong, but yet no one cares to do anything about it.  As for my friend, she only liked the mashed potatoes, the crab legs and steak.
tip: only good thing going for them is cotton candy. . not very refined.  use existing items and try to make a new dish is not really creative.  poor fruit selections, no cheesecake.  the stations were rehashed on both ends which is a big let down. . . lamb kebobs look very tasty but was actually very tough.
First time in Vegas and we totally had to hit a buffet because that's what you DO in Las Vegas! . . Arrived at Planet Hollywood, wandered aimlessly through the mall, through the smokey casino and down the escalator where we were met with wonderful smells and a horrendous line that consumed a good hour and a half of our time. . . Was it worth the wait? Was it worth the $106 charge for three people? . . ... Eh.. . The prime rib, while divine, was cut thin enough I could see through it. But the flavor notes of just about everything else made up for it... Aside from the cupcakes. The icing, on many of them, is straight up whipped butter and lacking any other flavor aside from "Heart attack". . . The wait staff seemed disgruntled and when my friend asked for another glass of water, the waitress picked up my husband's yet to be sipped from glass and handed it to her. Talk about lazy and nasty!
I would definitely check this off the list and not go back. Food was not enjoyable. There were 7 of us and it was our last stop from our 24 hour Vegas buffet pass. None of us finished our food and hardly went back for seconds.
The problem with this buffet (when I ate there) is that fact that it wasn't busy enough to have the food be replenished. My wife and I attended at roughly 5:30 in the evening so im assuming it was before the dinner rush. .     As a result of this, the majority of the food was either warm or cold. For some reason the heat lamps are not keeping the food hot. The food is also just plain low quality. There was a prime rib that came out fresh and hot and after I spent 10 seconds convincing the server that I wanted a piece of it, I finally got to try it. It was overcooked and tough..     Food sits out for too long, pasta becomes mushy, meats dry out, the seafood is flavorless and the whole place is overpriced at about $31.00 a plate. We had a cup of orange juice that tasted like soap; we believed the cup didn't get properly rinsed. .     The sushi was also very disappointing; you know there's a problem when the placard simply says "Assorted Sushi". Your better off eating at the buffet in Ceasers palace for lunch for roughly the same price. I've had dinner at Golden Corral for 12.99 that was overall better than this.
You know that one all-you-can-eat dining hall on your undergraduate college campus? That's where I felt like I was when I stepped foot into the spice market.. . I spent most of my time chowing down on the crab legs to get the best bang for my buck, and succeeded with crushing atleast 3 full plates of them, but  I also tried to stuff myself with some of the other buffet offerings. The crab legs themselves were pretty good, but I've had better. Nothing else I tried was really all that great. The baked desserts were dry, the soups were overly salty, and the other foods did not taste very fresh.. . Priced at $35/pp my first Vegas buffet experience was pretty disappointing, and I was expecting so much more... but no worries, it's definitely not my last. At least they had a mexican bar where I could make my own guac and chips? I love me some guac.
Food is pretty mediocre and service is lacking; seems undermanned so really not all their fault. Get groupons if you can. The food is comparable to Hometown Buffet. Better buffets downtown for less. We ate here before driving home. It was convenient since we stayed at the Elara. Spend a few extra bucks and go to Cesar's Palace or the Cosmopolitan.
The selection was big but the quality of the food reminded me of a cafeteria. My cousin and I agreed that the food tasted as if it was sitting out for a while. The dessert section was an over load of cupcakes that were way too sweet. We would of been happier if there was a variety of sweets.
Came by to satisfy our stomachs the morning after a night of clubbing with our 24-hour Buffet of Buffets wristbands.. . The line was short when we arrived, and the restaurant was barely 50% full.. . The selection was overwhelming, with Mexican, Italian, Middle Eastern, and Seafood options.. . The food was left much to be desired. The curry chicken was dry and flavorless. The fried codfish and the tempura shrimp were overfried. Egg rolls were okay, but I've had much better.. . Le Village Buffet at the Paris is much better without going to the ones with an additional surcharge, if you have the Buffet of Buffets wristbands.
Glad this was a freebie, because it had the same food as all the other buffets (I.e.; cafeteria food)...very blah.  Las Vegas is no longer the king of buffets. Don't waste your $$ on this one.  Find a nice restaurant off the strip & get your money's worth.
This was the 2nd of our buffets on our 24 hour pass.  We got there about 4pm.  Place was super dead on Monday, and now I know why.  I also know why I hadn't been there before, and probably won't be back.. . First, it's in a basement, and feels like it.  Very dark and not very inviting.  They had a lot of food, but nothing super special, except the crap legs.  The deserts are mainly cupcakes.  Lot of the them.  Different flavors.  They were labeled.  Cupcakes everywhere.  OK, they did have some cookies and soft serve ice cream, but every Chinese buffet has that.  . . The service was extremely lacking.  They lost our receipt so had to ask for our drink order again and then it took awhile for it to arrive.  They weren't paying attention to us so I never received a refill on my Diet Coke until I was ready to leave, even after trying to flag someone down.  Again, they weren't that busy so not sure what the problem was.  . . The biggest thing for me though was still the environment.  It just didn't contribute to a pleasant dining experience.
Very much disappointed for a five star hotel to serve such a crappy food and for the price they charge.  Nothing special woth regards to the quality of the food and the variety of the food.  Will never  recommend this place and will never go back.  The only plus side is our waiter was a totally nice guy and the dessert is also fine.
The Good:. . Great service. Wonderful desserts. Clean. . The Bad:. . Everything Else
Not impressed.  Variety of food was good. The quality; not so much. Desserts were tasty. Not worth the expense.  We were charged $5 extra per person for being a group of 12....although our server was gone most of the time.  A good steak house would have been a better deal.
If you're even able to locate the dungeon where this buffet is located you may get to go down and enjoy their less then mediocre food. . . I'd say wait maybe 20 minutes before you get food, you don't want to choke on the dry food and your waitress won't be around with a drink until then. Their salad bar was equipped with only the very basics and had nothing special. I could see my reflection in the grease sitting on top of the pizza. And for dessert you either can have cupcakes or cupcakes. . . Over all very unpleased and you're honestly  doing yourself an injustice by picking this buffet over any other ones on the strip.
I went here for dinner and it was a huge disappointment. It was mostly fried food and not too much to rave about. The middle eastern section did have a good lamb dish but honestly, I would not go again. They had snow crab legs but nothing except the middle east section was memorable. The whole place had mostly fried food. The desserts were also very mediocre. I should have done a lap around beforehand. You are also in the basement of the hotel, not casino level or up a flight.
What the hell happened to this place? Back in the days this place was so good. Voted best buffet in 2007. I guess after Planet Hollywood took over they could care less about the buffet. Our server forgot about us for a good 20 minutes.Same menu as before, crab legs, Chinese food, roast beef, chicken, lamb, beef kabob, pasta, pizza. Dessert is a joke now. Bunch of cupcakes and pre-made crepes. Pay a bit more and go across the street to Wicked Spoon and get your grub on!
Wish I'd spent the extra and gone to Caesars instead. Was either tasteless or too salty and just seemed cheap?!. The service was horrendous too. Didn't get a smile from a member of staff once, certainly didn't deserve a tip.. Only good thing was the crab.  I wouldn't bother - spend the extra and get something memorable
Came here for breakfast on the final leg of our Buffet of Buffets marathon. . . Wow. If I had paid for this place, I would have been pissed. Service was excellent. I adored our server. She asked if we wanted a to-go cup of coffee. No one has ever offered that!. . The juice was clearly from concentrate. The Mexican and Salad sections were closed. What? No Mexican breakfast? Those are the best dishes! . . Middle Eastern included bagels and lox. This was probably my favorite section. I forced fed myself lox with capers to get my money's worth. I liked the mozzarella and tomato salad, but it was something I could find at a supermarket deli. . . Dessert section looked like it was filled with mini packaged pastries. I selected a chocolate croissant, but it was flaky and dry, so I skipped it. . . On to the American section. There were 2 types of benedicts. They looked good, but I think they became overcooked from the heat lamp. The country style potatoes were good and surprisingly still crispy. I did however, find these potatoes repeated 2 more times. It also seemed like these were the seasoned potatoes you find in the freezer aisle. . . There was an omelet station, that I skipped. And I think a crepe station in the Dessert section. . . Stopped in the Asian section to get a squirt of sriracha. . . I stopped off for a cheese blintz, but never ate it. It was pretty burnt and didn't have much filling. The section also included French toast and pancakes?. . There was a nice oatmeal/cream of wheat section. Then, a fresh fruit section where you could construct your own parfait. 2 yogurt flavors, shredded coconut and granola? 2 smoothie options. They were really plain. I think one was banana, the other, strawberry. . . The final section included spinach and cheese egg scramble, but I didn't see any cheese or spinach. There were potato pancakes. And a turkey hash which had fingerling potatoes (yum) and roasted peppers. I took the time to dig out the pepper and fingerlings. This was one of the only things that didn't seem pre-made. And it was pretty good.  . . I looked through the photos for lunch and dinner and they all look like a completely different restaurant! I don't know, guess they dropped the ball for breakfast. Kind of a shame for people like me who love breakfast.
We came here for lunch with our groupon deal, and i wish i never had bought it to begin with since we only had a limited time on our vacation,  It seemed like a good deal at the time, but if you can find the groupon for the buffet in paris, then that would be worth the time and money. . . There were different types of food, but nothing really memorable to talk about. . . Skip this place if you can!
I have eaten here twice. The first time was because my family wanted to eat here and I was too drunk to walk anywhere else (we were staying at the Planet Hollywood). The second time is because we want to eat crab legs and this place offer crab leg at the best deal we found (Groupon).. . All I went for was the crab leg and dessert, oh, and the unlimited mimosa (include in the Groupon deal). . . Everything was meh.....Except for the service. The services was....horrible. Everyone was tired and rude (and it was only 6:30PM when I ate there) from cashiers, to host, to waiters.. . They sat us own without silverware. Even though that did not stop us from eatting crab legs with our hand, I still pissed. I am a lady and would like to use my utensil in public.. . There was a group of 8 people in front of us in line. So apparently, they will ask for  additional $20 to sit a party of 6 (either 6 or 8) or more together, please beware of this silly policy.. . The food was basic Vegas: steak, salad, crab legs, cupcakes for dessert, etc. Everything was doable. Just the service drops it down to the below average.
Beyond disappointed with this buffet. As previous reviewers mentioned at 11am most of the food it dry and flavorless. In addition to getting terrible service, their food also made me sick for a few days. I'm really not sure what people are thinking when they give this place anything more than 2 stars. Do yourself a favor and consider other buffets in the area.
That'd be an ICK for the food and a YAY for our waitress.. . The food was super disappointing. We went in thinking we'd have a good breakfast, lots of options to choose from, and leave feeling happy and full. . . Instead, the food was marginal, overcooked and dry. There really wasn't much variety, which was sad, considering they have so many stations promising things like "Asian" or "Mexican" or "Italian". It was pretty much the same thing at each stop, with a few variations.. . On my first pass - still nursing some high hopes - I grabbed an Andouille Sausage corn cake, a breakfast quiche, a scoop of hash browns, an Egg Benedict half and some scrambled eggs.. . The corn cake was hard and dry, and if there was Andouille sausage in there, it was hiding from me. The breakfast quiche was so dry I couldn't even swallow the tiny bite I took. It was seriously like the Sahara Desert inside that thing. The Egg Benedict was - predictably - overcooked, though that's on me for grabbing an Egg Benedict from a steam table. If the egg was poached when it was set out, all that time above the steam and under the lights just kept right on cooking it.. . The eggs and the hash browns were the best things I had that day. Both were buttery and tasty, without being too greasy. Score.. . My second pass - hopes understandably diminished, but wanting to get the most out of the buffet prices - was forgettable. I tried some sauteed fruits (peaches and apples), as well as a scoop of cheesy grits and one of the pastries from the sad dessert station, but nothing blew me away.. . The best thing about the morning was our waitress, Nina. She had the best personality! She joked with us, made us girls feel special, and made sure to get us what we were asking for. She then made my husband and I feel super special for having participated in the half marathon the day before, even though we weren't feeling extra special at that point. . . I wish everybody had a good, friendly, open attitude like Nina did. She's definitely the best thing we experienced at Spice Market, and I hope they appreciate her there!
I am glad a bought a Groupon before coming here as it is just OK.  The service when you arrive is below average for a Las Vegas buffet.  They do not do a good job of seating their patrons and they also have poor service.  We got the unlimited drinks with our meal, but in all reality we couldn't have more than two beverages as our server was nowhere to be found.. . The food was very mediocre.  I thought the seafood was the best area of the buffet.  They had some tasty options.  The rest of the food seemed old and bland.  I would try other places before coming here.
I love Vegas Buffets. LOVE THEM. Here are some quick tips:. . 1. The Spice Market Buffet is located in Planet Hollywood, in the middle of their casino floor, and down an escalator.. . 2. There are any choices for food, but the idea is to feature the world as a smorgasbord.. . I remember heading down the escalator to the Spice Market, while thinking to myself, what the hell why is there a buffet underground? Anyways, I digress, the food here is pretty sub-par. There are many better destinations to choose, and the crowd here sort of shows it.. . The one thing that I can say about their food is forgettable. I don't even recall a single item that I really liked. The crab legs that they have at the place were decent. For some reason, they don't feel as fresh as the crab legs at even the Bay Buffet or even stack  up to the Bacchanal Buffet.. . The other thing that I noticed is that the food from different parts of the world seemed to vary in quality. Either they were decent representations or they were horrible misrepresentations. As a controlled test, I try the Asian themed stations at every buffet to see what they get right. Here, I think everything that they put out didn't even stack up well to everything else.. . The Spice Market Buffet is just as expensive as the Bay Buffet or even other places along the strip. I guess for the value it isn't that bad, but the idea here is pretty much more options, less quality.
Unfriendly staff,  food less than average, tables dirty despite just being bussed and the bussers seem lost as you watch them try and clear tables.  For a day that was not especially busy I expected better and the price they charge I really expected better quality food.  We won't be returning here.
The food is pretty decent here but the employees are what makes the place suck.  Mona was the cashier and was rude and arguementative. Marjorie was the seater and was nice and pleasant. Genet was our server. I only got her name because I read it off her nametag. She only said on thing to us and that was to ask which wine we wanted because Marjorie didn't mind if we had one. She coulda said it better and without attitude. The busser took our plates and we were never offered for our drinks to be refilled.  This is becoming a buffet that I may plan on skipping in future trips.
For someone who wants good quality and freshly made dishes,  avoid this place!   It was a waste of money and I had to nit-pick my food because all the items looked like they were sitting there food the past 6-10+ hours.   . . I had taken my family there for dinner and I cannot find food that's fresh to eat - I literally had to force myself to eat something.  The fruit selection of honeydew, cantaloupes,  and pineapples were the best part.  . . Their sushi rolls (only 3 kinds) looked like it belongs in the trash.   The Mexican dishes with the Pico de gallo looked so old!   Barf!  Asian food included bbq wings.   . . Save money and go somewhere else.
i know i got off pretty cheap here... $37 Groupon for 2 people, lunch. but, it still wasn't even worth that price. i tried really hard to find something i liked about this place. unfortunately, only thing i found was ok service, but, that didn't make up for the lack of food quality or imagination. i even went up to eat 3 rounds worth, trying to find something good in all the different types of cuisines. alas, nothing. salty, bland, boring and just plain bleh. luckily, they had bottomless champagne so that was "something". i'll bump it up to 2 for that and the ok service. otherwise, not coming back.
This buffet is very overpriced especially considering the quality of the food.  Most of the food is average and the rest is below average.  For the price it is more worth it to spend a few extra bucks and go to Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Place or The Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan.  5/10 for food, 2/10 for price, 7/10 for staff (some were friendly while others were kinda rude).  Overall, this buffet is not worth going to and there are far better buffets walking distance away that you can go to.
