Hmmmm...I've tried the Fireside Lounge twice now.  I just...don't...get it.  . . Why is this place so popular?  . . Is it the decor of very faded and cigarette burned booths?  The plastic, fake trees?  The smoke-so-thick-you-can-slice-it air?  The aggravating eye-soar pink lights?. . It definitely isn't the drinks.  My friend's Jack and Coke was pretty much just Coke. My chocolate chip cookie martini wasn't anything special or something that I couldn't find at TGIFridays.. . I just don't get the hype about this place.  Sorry.
Meh is the best way I can think of to describe this place. Had breakfast here last Sunday because I wanted to reminisce early visits to Vegas when I would stay on the north end of the strip and ate here.. . Now I remember why I only ate at Peppermill a couple of times. WAAAAYYY!!! overpriced. Food was so so, service was ok but none of it was worth the money. I only went here to avoid stuffing myself at the buffets!
this is for the fireside lounge . so my  boyfriend surprised me by taking me here so i could try a scorpion for the 1st time and it was what i expected it to be delicious but what would keep me from coming back was the service the bar tender gave us was awful. he was rude to my boyfriend for no reason we were politeand told him what we wanted and asked him before he made the drink if we could have it to-go he said yes so when we grabbed the drink he stopped us and said we couldn't take it out and had to pay for the glass did he not say it was fine for us to have it to-go before we paid for it so we ended up paying $24 for my one drink and he still expected a tip old man please your not getting shit . would i go back maybe in a few years once the bartender is no longer there
Huge portions. Decent food. After eating in their dining room one night, ordering take out the next night - I was told I couldn't order take out the following night b/c another customer ordered take out and didn't show up. That's like my business saying I had a customer who didn't pay an invoice once before, so I'm going to stop providing services to everybody now. You don't stay in business long with that mentality. . As a side note - both times I was in there - it was 90% empty.
Meh. A little on the greasy side. Went for breakfast and the portions were ginormous. The food was decent, on par with Denny's or Coco's, aside of the huge portions. I'm a fan of the large coffee mugs though.
The best thing about going to the Peppermill was that I could cross it off my "To Try" list.  Maybe we caught it on an off night?  We went at dinner time and the place was full.  I had breakfast as that was recommended to me by friends.  Pancakes were horrible.  Dry, crumbly and unsaveable even with a dousing of syrup.  Two cute little pieces of bacon cowering in a corner of the huge plate.  The friend across from me had the chicken fettuccine alfredo.  Two dry, overcooked pieces of chicken sitting on a pile of pasta and sauce that was at the point where you could stand a fork in it.  With proper fork placement you could have lifted at least half if not the whole serving of pasta at one time.  Had to go back to the Cal and have Chili rice.. Well, lesson learned.  Peppermill, Check!
*Blink* I don't get it. . I'm the easiest person to please when it comes to food. Even Taco Bell tastes like gourmet 5 star cuisine when you're drunk and hungry. . . Maybe it's because I'm from the South where we have stellar home cookin', but this place was NOT good. I'm giving it 2 stars because it wasn't terrible, but it definitely was NOT good. . My girl friends and I stumbled into this place at 5 or 6am after my bachelorette party because our cabbie recommended it and it was right next to the Riviera where we were staying. . . Us: Can we walk back to Riviera in ourheels from there?. Cabbie: Girl, you can CRAWL.. . Nuff said. Let's go THERE.. We got a wide variety of stuff- corned beef & hash, biscuits & sausage gravy, buffalo chicken wrap, something else, and something else (sorry, the night was a bit hazy haha). We tried a bite of everyone else's food, and not one of us 5 girls were the least bit impressed. . . Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll go to the 24 hour Indian place inside Riviera if I'm hungry in the middle of the night/morning. Too bad I didn't find out about it until my last 2 hours there.
i spent nearly 13 dollars on a teeny tiny wimpy shrimp cocktail. the drinks in the lounge were over priced and the bartender had an attitude. the decor is from the 70's and unappealing. i dont see what all the hype is about.
This place looks very retro disco 60s-70s. Not my choice of ambience. The omelets were rediculously huge. So you definately get a lot for the money. I ordered the mazzarati omelet. That meat sauce threw it off, it tasted like spaghetti meat sauce. I would give it another shot I just didn't like what I ordered.
Claim to be the Best steak in Las Vegas years in a row. I would rate their steak with IHOP or Denny's. Poor quality meat. Tasted tough definitely needed a sharp steak knife. I think the only thing to get  there is breakfast and even then it doesn't seem like anything special. The decour was interesting and retro.
We went because of the high recommendations. I wish we would have walked out as soon as we saw the tacky decor. Each meal is large enough to feed an entire family if that family wants a low quality meal. They definitively stress quantity over quality.  I suggest passing on this one.
I shared a few bites off a friend's breakfast plate and was happy I didn't order a meal. The waffle was dry and tasteless and the scrambled eggs tasted like they were powdered. The place was bizarre and looked like a neon park meets game show set. Our server was rude and didn't seem to want to be bothered-she literally snatched the menu out of my hand since I wasn't going to order a meal myself. The only thing I somewhat enjoyed here were the tall cups for coffee and that the sugar in the dispenser was multi-colored. Have a meal elsewhere. Not worth it for cruddy food and even worse service.
A lounge for more drinks after nightclubs or gentlemen's clubs, did we even need that? I was pretty drunk already... But it's Vegas, let's just drink all day everyday! I usually don't go to a place that is not in a hotel in Vegas, oh well.... We were there already.... . Just had a beer at lounge area while waiting for our food table, it was crowded at almost 5 in the morning. This place looks so old school Vegas, WTH.... The food wasn't so good, not a good place for Vegetarians orPescetarians....:( service was extremely slow, but our waitress was friendly. . . This type of place is really not my thing, please let's just go back to our hotel to order room service like always.....;p
Obscene servings.  Probably perfect for the hangover.  Interest items, taste okay.  Good customer service.  Old style Vegas decor.
Um, yuck. First, let me say that I don't like diner food, I detest "breakfast" foods (pancakes, waffles, maple syrup, sausages, etc.: OMG vom) and "traditional" "American" food barely qualifies as food IMO. (Pizza, burgers and chow mein: now THAT's American! Meatloaf and steak & eggs: ICK!) So to say that this is not the place for me is an understatement. It IS, however, open 24/7 and near-ish my hotel.. . First trip: I ordered fettucine alfredo with shrimp. The portion size was not as big as a lot of places, but that's OK because it was gross. The sauce was gummy and didn't taste fresh, the few shrimp were large, but a little tough, and the noodles were not what you'd call al dente. The garlic bread with "cheese" on it was revolting.. My mum ordered the Chicken & Red Pepper Pasta. Hers was better than mine, though her penne was also overcooked. The sauce was pretty good, the red pepper strips were, I swear, Mezetta brand right out of the jar (but I like those), and they were right on the money when they described it as chicken stuffed with herbs and cream cheese; it tasted just like Philadelphia Cooking Creme Italian Cheese & Herb flavour.. Second trip: I ordered New York steak and Shrimp Scampi. I ordered it cooked medium, it was definitely well done. The shrimp were, too. My mother ordered some icky breakfast foods, so I didn't taste them, but she said they were OK.. I think if you like breakfast foods (served all day) and diner food, you'll like this place, but I will avoid it. The waitresses were cute and helpful, though. And the decor is amusing.
I have never been impressed with the food at the Peppermill, though its the kind of place that I end up at with friends now and then. It doesn't close and s sort of a Las Vegas late night staple. The service has always been prompt, both in the fireside lounge and in the diner area... but the food.. is just not that good? . . I recently had a buffalo chicken wrap that was pretty much overly laden with ranch dressing and not alot of meat, or 'buffalo' style spicy sauce. My friend had a spinach and feta omelet that was not only cold, but flavorless. How that was achieved with feta in the mix, I am unsure. Overall it was unsatisfactory, but we were hungry and tired and went with it. I didn't finish my wrap, I gave it to a buddy and he complained of the excess ranch and lack of everything else as well. . . $81 for 3-4 entrees, some hot coffee and tea, and alot of ranch,. I am not rushing back. The main thing I have ever ordered at the Peppermill in the past, was an Irish-Coffee with whipped cream from the bar in the Fireside Lounge. I will stick to that on any return visit from now on.
After reading mixed reviews, I decided I wanted to try this place out anyways.. . Came here late last night with my boyfriend. The setup and decorations were pretty neat.. . After opening my menu, all that ran through my mind was "Denny's food but double the price," so I expected the food to be good.. Or at least somewhat decent.. Wrong. We ordered the sampler to share, and neither one of us liked a single thing from the sampler, if you want cheaper and better diner food, go to Denny's or iHop.. . Two stars because our server was very nice, and inside was cool. Food was not good at all.
Pretty gross breakfast. The only reason they are getting any stars is because the waitress was nice enough to take some of the food off the bill when she asked how I liked it and I answered honestly
This place is a real mixed bag. I'll say don't bother with the food and leave the details up to the multitude of other reviews that said all that needed to be said.. . Kicking back in the lounge, the fellow patrons are a real example of one side of Vegas. I can't hold too much against the place, but watching what had to be the most awkward romantic failures was somewhere between unbearable and utterly amusing.. . The cocktails are another story. The Singapore Sling was fairly average. Some people might appreciate that, but I consider it a sin. Their gimlet tasted like drinking pure sweetened lime juice. The cocktails weren't horrifyingly expensive, but they were so weak and unimpressive that it just fell apart. The waitress was nice. Second star for her and the atmosphere.
Loud colors. Sugary drinks. Average food.  Meh
I thought this place was kind of lame. We went on a Sat night from like 11pm-1am and it was kind of dead. The lounge had enough people to take up the chairs around the 1 fire pit they had but besides that, pretty much no one. The food if I may quote another yelper is like overpriced Denny's food. The service sucked in both the restaurant  and lounge. So in the restaurant they have the food runner ask your drink order but if you order alcohol then the waitress has to take that order. I guess the food runner's not allowed to serve alcohol or she just wasn't old enough to serve alcohol I'm assuming. Anyhow, that was kind of annoying. Not too mention the waitress took forever to actually come over to take that order, then forgot a drink. The lounge sucked too. Kind of dirty as in the couches you sit on and the floor. We went in and sat ourselves and waited and waited but no one asked if we wanted drinks. So I went to the bar and ordered our drinks which were kind of pricey and didn't have much alcohol in them. As I pull out my lil wad of money I could see the cocktail waitress standing to the left of the bar eyeballing and giving me a dirty look. Probably cause I went to the bar myself but hey, if you snooze you loose chick. Should have taken our order when we walked in. I gave em 2 stars cause it wasn't horrible and since it does serve food 24 hours a day. I just didn't feel it was worth my money or time. I really not sure why they have 4 stars on yelp. Maybe their breakfast is good I guess.  I more then likely won't be coming back unless I can't get any late night food somewhere else Vegas. Then maybe I'd think about it.
SLOWEST SERVICE EVER! It was ridiculous the wait we had for our late night meals. We ordered a nachos to share and then each had ordered a meal. The nachos came relatively quickly - and were pretty average - if not on the very greasy, heavy side. . But we then waited, and waited, and waited for our meals to come - and by the time they did - we weren't hungry. We each had just a few bites of our meals and then just left. . It's also located off the strip, so we found it difficult to get taxis to stop to get us back to our hotel.. This was a BAD decision! Not going back.
I came here after hearing that this is a place you should go once in your Vegas life.  I thought the interior was strange, but really cool and something unique.  They also have rainbow sugar on the table which threw me off, I had no idea what it was (possibly magic crystals?!). . The food however was a little more expensive than what I thought could be considered a "diner".  I had a Caesar salad wrap which wasn't that tasty and I believe my friend had a burger he said was just OK.. . I'd be willing to give this place another chance with a large group or something and maybe order a house specialty.  At least I can say I tried it though!
24/7 diner with lots of Neon. Food is good for being 24/7. Nothing amazing, but the Chicken Caesar salad is great! Huge portions, strongly recommend to share. The desserts are a MUST have! Leave room to try the brownie or strawberry shortcake - a real Vegas experience.
I seriously cannot figure out what all the hoopla is with this place! We decided to check it out and while I did like all the neon around the tables and the set up of the place, our waitress was annoying walking around with a stick up her butt like she was waiting to get discovered or something. I had the taco omelet and hubby had the chorizo and eggs. Neither dish was anything to 'oohhhh and ahhhh' about by any means. This spot for sure won't be on our return list. Ever.
I like the lounge to have a quiet drink in but the food is really bad.  out of the freezer, into the fryer is not a recipe for good eats.
This place gives huge portions. I had the munch and my date had the corned beef hash. Both were decent. The coffee was good. The service was also good. Reason it gets 2 stars is because both me and my date had massive diarrhea, not the water dribble kind, but like the epic volcanic type, where your stomach growls like a feral cat and your butthole feels like a flamethrower. So, would I go back? Nah, the after effects are not worth huge portions.
Our limo driver suggested this place so we had to give it a try.... . I know it was probably an accident, but I found a strand of long hair in my sausage and another in my drink. Unlucky coincidence or they just hated me?. . I got sick and threw up a few hours later.. . My French toast, bacon, and eggs tasted good but ended up clogging the sink.
cool old vegas decor and a bunch of half dressed women there. thats where the positive ends. other than that thx for the heartburn and the non existent service. ive never not tipped before. thanks for being my first
Disappointed after reading the other reviews.  Ate breakfast on a Labor Day Sunday and the wait was about 45 min.  Portions are definitely huge (especially pancakes) but prices reflect that so its not like you're getting some great deal.  Service was pretty slow with long waits to order and to get our food (simple breakfast stuff like french toast and omelets), food coming out at different times, and another wait to get the check.  Food was merely OK.  Our group had french toast (recommended by an employee, but nothing special at all), a fruit plate (very big), oatmeal (pretty good, but $11 for oatmeal?!?!), a caesar salad, and an omelet.  . . The atmosphere is fine, but not as fun as I thought it might be from the other reviews.  . . No one was impressed.  Big portions doesn't make up for mediocre food.  Maybe other food is better, but breakfast wasn't.
No, not so good as everybody says. . We got to Wait for 20 minutes before seated. . . A little a bit expensive . . Not fresch vegs. Frosen then boiled
ummm this is just like an IHOP. if you have friends or family in town-- don't bring them here. the lights are cool inside... it's only a decent place to go when you have the munchies late at night. food wasn't that great.
This review is based on one visit.  The decorations were very unique and the staff was very friendly.  The food was not seasoned in any way and was expensive for the quantity/quality.  I had the Peppermill Burger with fries; the meat was supposed to be 1/2 lb. but seemed like 1/4 lb. and the fries had no salt.  My wife had the NY Steak and baked potato; the steak was not seasoned and the baked potato was not fully cooked.
Poor service in the lounge. Not at all accommodating! They also made me leave my credit card for dinner, I guess they thought Id run! Not a good experience
