***Jean Philippe Patisserie offers expensive and fancy individual cakes; while I did not love mine, I could see that some of the cakes here might be really good***. . Located in Aria, Jean Philippe Patisserie is a gourmet patisserie and gelato bar that is located right next to the casino floor.  The desserts here are very enticing.  The gelato bar looks pretty run-of-the-mill, but Jean Philippe Patisserie has a huge glass display counter that shows off nice looking chocolates and individual, arty cakes (that remind me of the individual cakes at Jin Patisserie in Venice).. . I went through the cakes and while many of them looked good, the actual ingredients and descriptions did not excite me that much.  I finally went with a tart that was topped with pistachio cream, raspberry cream and fresh raspberries.  The raspberries were fresh.  The abundant use of raspberries here made the dessert here quite tart, but the pistachio cream was cool and mild and that helped.. . While I enjoyed the topping (even though I would not say it was great), I was not a fan of the tart base (it looked cake-like, but it almost pie crust-like).  It was very hard and dry.  I would have preferred a lighter cake base or a flaky puff pastry.. . Service was okay.  The server was not that knowledgeable about the desserts here, which made ordering difficult.. . Prices for the individual cakes were a little high, but I think that is to be expected given the arty presentations and the fact that the shop is in Las Vegas.  While I did not get a good look at the prices for the gelato, from what I saw, the gelato seemed to be reasonably priced compared to other Vegas spots.. . Jean Philippe Patisserie has a lot of attractive desserts.  The chocolates here looked like they would make good gifts.  I would consider coming to Jean Philippe again to try other things.  But based on this one experience, I would have to say that I enjoyed the desserts/sweets more at Vosges (Caesars Palace) and Bouchon Bakery (Venetian).. . Aria has complimentary valet parking.  I imagine that they also feature complimentary self-parking.
This place is expensive and not really that good. I'm not sure why the reviews are so good, maybe people are eating pastries while drunk or after winning lots of money?. . Shared- . - almond croissant- this was super sweet and kinda soggy. - nutella brioche- probably the best thing we had, but small and kinda dry. - vegetable quiche- just ok. - 2 "large" coffee ~ tall coffees at starbucks. . $26 total which to me was kinda a lot for what we got, but I suppose it confirms the theory that everything in Vegas is overpriced. . . Anyways, if you are staying in Aria, its not a bad place to go for some pastries but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
I have eaten here at Jean Philippe three times. The first two times were pretty good (hence the 2 stars), but this last time (tonight October 8, 2011) was just awful. My friend and I both had the Banana Foster sweet crepe. The crepe itself was cold and the topping was bad. I don't just mean, "bad" I mean it was spoiled caramel banana topping. Yuck! We brought both of them up to the woman at the counter and she was extremely rude. She didn't apologize and, in fact, she told us they were supposed to taste like that because they were "caramelized." now, I did attend culinary school and graduated a chef and I know what caramelized is. This was wretched. They refunded our money, but we never heard an apology or got an ounce of sympathy (or even interest). So... That was our experience, for what it's worth!
This is an overrated tourist trap.  There were too many people simply standing around looking at the chocolate fountain and  looking at the food taking pictures but not ordering.. . After finally getting though the line after 15 minutes, I ordered the Opera tart.  It looked delicious but was just mediocre in taste.  I didn't even finish it which is rare, since I love chocolate pastries.  Maybe they were having an off day.  I prefer Payard.
Too pricey for the level of the service they provide. The crepes are OK but are not worth waiting "an hour" for. we ordered 2 crepes and were told they would be ready in AN HOUR. We returned in 20 mins to check on our order and they had already boxed our crepes and they had become soggy and watery from being placed inside a to-go box while very hot. Not impressed at all.
It is with great regret that I issue 2 stars for this place. . .  I am tempted to place blame on myself for having an exceptionally dedicated taste for pastries but NO that is not the case.  As a prattle-some preamble [which qualities constitutes a preamble otherwise??] I must add that I went in with high expectations..... disappointment met me and geeze don't I wish it had let the door smack me on the ass on the way out, at least there would of been some pleasure derived from this two fold jaunt.  . . 2 stars do not necessarily translate into a full on condemnation.  It was worth staggering tipsy through an Alice in Wonderland like lobby to find a standard eh eh pastry shop.  Presentation was fair but if you've been to Paris or some other magical  pastry shop in Western Europe then you will understand the quasi 'Americanized' little pastry shop they got going here.  . . At least for now I can say this one is checked of zList and iList.. . Had a Napoleon, smoothie and a box of chocolates to go.  . . Standard pastry shop prices aka get over it .... pastry princes and princesses understand the quaint sacrifices in this realm.
I wanted to like it so much, but disappointed! Just not tasty. Three of us shared the cheesecake and the chocolate peanut one (I forget the cute name), and at $6 a pop it better be the best dessert of all time- not even close!
To start...the woman behind the pastry counter was extremely rude and impatient...and simply looked bored and unhappy to be there. . . I got a Chocolate covered praline nougat...it was very pricey and way too sweet. The nougat isn't particularily nutty and definitely way too much and way too sweet. . . I also got a opera cake, napoleon, and creme brulee. The woman who packed the creme brulee didn't bother taping it down and so it spilled everywhere in the box(liquid sugar covering everything). It was just okay, nothing spectacular. . . The napoleon was also alright, nothing spectacular. I did like the opera cake but only get it if you REALLY like rich chocolate things (it can be kind of heavy towards the second half). I also ordered a cinnamon roll which was not bad; it was more of a danish flaky pastry than the typical fluffy cinnamon roll texture. . . On the side with gelato, we did order a coconut flavored one. It was very coconut-y and actually not bad. The guy behind the counter was much nicer and much more patient than the lady behind the pastries.. . Overall, extremeley disappointed with quality of service and disappointed that the pastries weren't as spectacular as expected.
The pastries are delicious. The coffee was pretty good. The service was terrible and rude. We were over charged. Now this doesn't bother me so much. Things happen, places get busy and mistakes are made. What bothers me is how they handled it. When I came back and pointed it out the woman grabbed my ticket and walked off leaving me standing there for a good 5 minutes. Then another woman returns takes a look at me and the leaves for another 5 minutes. Finally she came back with someone who I assume is the manager. They fiddled around with the register for a few minutes and put the difference on the counter and walked away. The manager never looked at me and neither of them said a single word to me. No apology, no hello, nothing. When you have a service economy like vegas, especially in a place as "nice" as the Aria I expect to get some level of good service. I didn't want anything for free from them just an apology for making a mistake and taking my time to get it back. I wasn't rude about it, but they were.
Expensive. Poor process flow and service.
First off, the  Creme Brulee gelato was fantastic and if I was only reviewing that Jean Philippe's would be a solid 4 stars. It actually tasted like creme brulee (I HATE how creme brulee flavored things taste nothing like it - it's worse than fruit flavored stuff that may or may not even be the same color of the fruit it is supposed to represent).. . HOWEVER, this is all about  the savory crepes they have.. . My first tip off that I should avoid them was how there really weren't any reviews when I looked them up on the the ol' phone even though there were 400 + reviews for this place (a total of 26 when I just filtered them online - so clearly not what people come here for). The moral of the story is you won't be able to make any substitutions because they just microwave little bowls of the filler to put in that freshly made crepe of yours. So existentially you are buying yourself a frozen dinner - which is what it tasted like.. . You also get a little blah salad to really round the order.. . Considering the plethora of great food options in the vicinity I was really disappointed.
A little pricey...but if youre looking for coffee the morning after a vegas night and dont want to go to far from your hotel room, this will do it! We did have to wait in a long line however. Came back day 2 for desserts/snacks. Very good (but again a little $$$).
The desserts are okay tasting so I would give it a 3. However as the prices are outrageous I would have to lower my rating to a 2.
My husband and I just got married at the Aria and in our wedding package, we were given a mini wedding cake from Jean Philippe Patisserie.. . We were given pictures of about fifteen different cakes and had to pick one. They were adorable. It was the hardest decision of our entire wedding, because we wanted them all! They were like mini-works of art.. . We arrived in Vegas and saw all of the cakes in the store/restaurant. We got even more excited. They were just as amazing in person.. . On our wedding day, we were given our mini cake (could feed 6-8 maybe) in a plastic case. We took lots of pictures and kept it in our Sky Suite to have for breakfast the next morning.. . The next morning it had melted a bit and the top tier was sliding. It didn't matter, we just wanted to eat it. We went to the concierge lounge to get cutlery and dove in.. . As beautiful as our cake looked, it did not taste very good. The exterior coating was thick and sickly sweet. It was awful. The interior cake and creme was okay, but not great. We took a few bites and dumped it. . . It was a huge let down.. . I would definitely not recommend the cakes. Look at them ( they are so, so cute), but don't buy one. However, what we saw of the restaurant looked good and we might give it a try on our next trip.
The pastries were OK (I'm a pastry chef myself, so I can make the same stuff), but the service is terrible. Bored looking workers, no acknowledgement when you get to the counter. No hello, no smile, just give me your money. Took 10 minutes to get two items that just needed to be put in a box. And it wasn't from being busy, I saw a lot of screwing off. I get that working in customer service in Vegas can be trying, I wouldn't do it. But, I paid $15 for two small pastries, is curtesy to much to ask?
Ice cold $10 egg sandwich: check.. Ice cold $4 coffee: check.. . This place sucks.
