Disinterested servers with their noses held high.. The Sommelier had a stick shoved so high up his butt he could barely make sense. Insisting we could not bring in a bottle of wine if it was on the wine list. We told him that we had already checked and it was not on their wine list.  He checked (more than once) and couldn't find it on the list. He finally gave in.  The bottle of Lodi Gluttony 2006 Old Vine Zinfandel was the bottle we brought for this occasion. We had every intention of ordering a second bottle from their list. But as it turns out we didn't want to spend any more time at Bouchon than we needed to. It was NOT the way to start a Birthday dinner.... Or any dinner for that matter.     . The Food   . The scallops were amazing according to my Grandson . The sausage (Boudin Blac) ordered by my Grandaughter, didn't seem to impress her. Son-In-laws salad nicoise was not what he expected. Seems it was more of a tuna salad on lettuce. But he said it tasted good . The Roasted Leg of Lamb was not memorable -literally . The beautifully presented Pork chop Delmonico was tasty, but way to tough to chew.. The best thing was Son-in-laws first course of a micro greens that seem to have a light sprinkling of a Nutty Gremolata and topped with deep fried calamari rings. I'm having a hard time getting that salad out of my mind. I'll have to try my hand at making it, because I won't be back to Bouchon.. Snobbery makes good food taste bad. . . Sheesh, I can't believe I put on high heels for this.
I'm sad to report that Bouchon didn't amaze me...at all.  I was so excited to eat brunch here because of all the hype (and I can't afford French Laundry).  But, I was pretty much disappointed in everything we ordered!  The special of the day - eggs cooked with steak, over a puff-pastry -  was bland.  The puff pastry had a nice crunch but there was too much puff and not enough of the substantial part of the dish.  Both the open-face tuna sandwich and the frites it came with were overly salty.  Also, the bread the sandwich came with was too hard...maybe even stale.  . . Maybe we should have ordered the chicken and waffles.  I dunno.  Overall, meh.
My friend and I went here during a destination wedding weekend. I did my restaurant research before arrive so was really excited about eating here. . . Unfortunately, I was underwhelmed. . . We both ordered the Breakfast American for $22 (3 eggs, 2 pieces of toast and sausage). Neither one of us eat meat so we substituted fruit for the sausage.  We also ordered coffee and orange juice. . . The drinks were just OK, nothing special. The OJ was fresh squeezed but it tasted like they old.  There was also no pulp in the glass to let you know it was fresh squeezed. . . As it turns out, I didn't like any of the coffee in Vegas or any other drinks made with water. So my guess it was my taste buds and not the coffee.    . . They brought the pastry basket pretty quickly. The pastries were fine, again nothing special. . . When the eggs came they were not as we ordered. I ordered scrambled soft, my friend ordered scrambled hard. When they came out they were exactly the same. . . All in all it was a disappointing, expensive meal.   The service was also fine, nothing special (not that I expect that for breakfast).. . I'd like to check out the Yountville Bouchon for dinner, but I won't be visiting this location. Save your self for a better experience and go to the Hash House.
Bouchon, you're so fancy with your decor and your little sauce holder thingies for ketchup and your tiny tiny tobasco bottles and serving oysters at 11am (who eats oysters at that hour? fancy people). We should have known when we walked in that Bouchon would not be the appropriate brunch spot for a bunch of hungry grad students with a limited budget. But we were enticed with free samples of very yummy bread and a friendly host that changed our wait time from 20 minutes to "we can seat you shortly." . . Once we were seated, it didn't take us too long to figure out how out of place we were. Then we took a look at the menus and I can only speak for myself by saying that my jaw dropped a little. I mean, this is the level of fancy that you let your boyfriend take you to because you know he's paying. The night after Vegas partying I could have been satisfied with the dollar menu at MickeyD's.. . Our waiter neglected to bring us our bread until we had to ask. This might have been partly our fault because we were waiting on two more people to join our party. I find it partly ironic that the bread is eaten on the table. Do fancy people really allow their white linens to have crumbs all over it?! . . I had the corned beef and it honestly wasn't anything to write home about. I liked that it was the chunky kind rather than a hash, but the diced corned beef was dry. It came with potatoes and topped with an egg whatever way you like it. . . I wish the food at Bouchon would have blown my mind and I would be yearning to come back on a more appropriate occasion. Unfortunately, I just can't say that. Plus, for a place that's supposed to have amazing baked goods, their bread was hard and didn't taste all that fresh.
Our waiter talked too much: he Blah-Blah-Blahed about the trip he took with his mom in France.  Lamb I ordered was not gamey/flavorful enough.  Not worth $$$$.  I will not go back.
Underwhelming uninspired food. Inattentive service. Loud and inappropriate music. Cheap experience at premium prices. I expected much better from Keller. Oh well...
Very  disappointing lunch. Stale bread on a $13 sandwich? Had to send it back. Pickle was a pale shade of grey. Waitress never once checked on me. Maybe dinner is a better experience but lunch was a complete disappointment.
I had high hopes for this place... Unfortunately the only thing that wowed me was the butter ! First off was our waiter, aka Steve Martin look a like wierd humor and didn't really fly with the ambience at all.. And what kind of classy restaurants don't offer a bread plate?.. The staff had keep coming over to scrape the bread crumbs up and I'm sure some of the crumbs ended up on my bag since I had it hanging on the side.  I'll start with the drinks, can we say rip off? for a 14$ cocktail I expected a little larger martini glass and the beer should have been in a larger cup !! Not that it tasted bad though portions much too small.  I'll move onto entrees.  My "special" was the fish  ...for $45 I would have expected some more side dishes or something !... The fish was chewy and dry rrellu needed more sauce, piece was small only a few pieces of veggieson side.. I was still hungry after that.  My husband ordered the lamb.. It only came with 5 thinly sliced pieces! Taste was only so so. Most ordered the steak, I don't think they had any complaints about those ... But again for $45 you could get a filet versus skirt steak ? Overall we went home with a $125 bill for two and unimpressed with the overrated food.  Plan to fill up on bread unless you're ordering steak.
Thomas Keller must not keep a close eye on this place.  I know it is not one of his managed restaurants, but it still has his name associated with it. . . Dinner started with drunk kids walking up to the patio to offer some shots to a table of older women sitting nearby.  Their ranting and cursing loudly went on for 15 minutes too long before someone escorted them out. . . My wife and I both ordered the roasted chicken and were not impressed, considering Keller's chicken is supposed to be legendary.  My father-in-law's steak was ordered med. rare and came out well done.  I am pretty sure a fine dining place who serves a $45 New York strip should be about to cook it at least close to med. rare. It was sent back and returned correctly, but there shouldn't be an excuse at a restaurant like this.  . . Overall the experience didn't come close to my expectations and I felt stupid for building it up to the guests I took there.
Pretty big disappointment. We arrived around noon on a Saturday in time for brunch. First come first served. Host told us it would be a 45 mins wait which turned into an hour wait. When we were finally seated, the waiter took a while to take our order and it took over 20-30 mins for the food to be served. To make matters worse, my quiche was lukewarm and didn't even taste that great. I always finish my desserts, but in this case, I didn't even eat half of the cheese danish. My fiance ordered the american breakfast which came with an orange juice. I asked the waiter for the oj and he said "oh instead of brining you the oj, I decided to not charge your friend for his oj". WHAT? Who does that??!?! Will not be back anytime soon.
I was so very excited to eat at a Thomas Keller restaurant! What a complete disappointment.. . The place was empty at dinner, and that should have told me something.. . I was seated outside and provided two "vines" of bread with butter & a small bowl of pistachios. One of the stars I'm giving is for the butter, which was the perfect texture & consistency. I ate the bread, which was hard and stale, primarily for the butter.. . As a first course, they were doing an off-menu special of Fruits De Mer, which the waiter described as a take on bouillabaisse. Small bowl of bland, bland, bland, flavorless tomato water with the most tender seafood I have ever out in my mouth. The squid and octopus were the most incredible texture, which sadly was not complemented by the rest of the dish. Accompanied by a "crostini" which was an untested slice of stale bread slathered with an average aioli. The seafood accounts for the second star.. . I ordered the lamb for a main. I love lamb, and eat it on the rare side...but not the purple side. Totally undercooked, poorly seared, and just rubbery.it was served with undercooked peas and some tasty square of an unidentified food that may have been potato. The lamb was inedible and I sent it back. Got another one that was almost as rare and completely gristly, rubbery and inedible. And completely oversalted. That was it, I sent it back and checked out.. . Thomas Keller has the reputation of being a perfectionist - that's his brand. I felt this was very much a case where a celebrity chef has lent their name to a restaurant that they haven't set foot in since it opened. I cannot believe that Keller would, for even a moment, allow the horrible food that came out of that kitchen to bear his name.. . At least I hope not.. . So many great dining choices in Vegas. Skip this one for one where the chef is actually aware of the food being sent out.
What a huge disappointment.  My husband and I stayed at The Venetian and heard good things about Bouchon so we thought we'd give it a try for our one year anniversary dinner.  What a mistake that was!   I ordered the skate and my husband had the steak frites; both were WAY too salty/overseasoned - almost to the point where his steak was not edible.  My skate was bland, albeit too salty, and seenmed soggy in the center but dry on the outside.  I ordered the potato puree side which could have used MORE seasoning as it was very bland.   As I mentioned, my husband's steak was way way too salty and, frankly, the cut of meat was not good.  . . We did order a pork & shiitake mushroom appetizer which was actually very good so I was surprised with the poor quality of our entrees.. . On a positive note, our server was very attentive and  provided great service.. . Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.  I would not return.
I know I'm going against the trend but I can truly say, I've had better, which is what a 2-star rating is means. Any average bistro in France will serve at least as good as this if not better for half the cost. O.k. so we are not in France so you have to pay extra, which I don't mind but it should be really, really good if I'm going to plunk down $38 for an entree and no sides.. . First about the food.... We shared the grilled octopus salad, which was very nice. It was the best dish of the evening. The octopus was tender and mild, accompanied with some citrus sauce, rocket, and various peppers and pickled peppers.. . My husband had the flat iron steak and fries. I had read rave reviews of the fries but it turns out they are just fries. They remind me of In & Out. We have a local bistro that has much better fries. The steak was good, cooked to order, with carmelized onion puree and some chive butter. Good but not spectacular.. . I had the leg of lamb with escarole. Leg of lamb is a pretty big hunk of meat but this presentation was very thin medallions of lamb--about 8 small bites of meat. Yes, it was nice but nothing special. The escarole was fine, and it had about 1/4 cup of tasteless quinoa. I would have much preferred rich, creamy mashed potatoes. The highlight of the dish was the Hen of the Woods mushroom--fantastic! I would have ditched the lamb and rather had a plate of those.. . We were so unimpressed that we decided to go without dessert. Ironically, it was our anniversary and the reservationist asked if it was a special occassion, which we said it was, and the matre d and waiter both gave congratulations but actually, that was the end of it. Have you ever been to any kind of restaurant that asks you if it is a special occassion and then does nothing? Not even a stupid chocolate-covered strawberry. For those prices and that hype, you would expect a little something when you are paying $175 for 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 glasses of wine. Why bother to ask? . . The good thing is that we have always contemplated going to the French Laundry but this changed our mind. It would pain me too much to pay $600 and be disappointed. Again, it was certainly not a bad experience and it was a good meal, but not at the price.
DISAPPOINTING.  Maybe it was because it's a holiday weekend, but the service was very poor...  As expected, it took about 30 minutes to be seated, which we were fine with.  Our waitress was quick to approach us and we put our orders in 5 minutes after being seated.  We then waited...a and waited... and waited. It then took us 35 minutes to get one pan au chocolate.  35 minutes for a single pre-made pastry? Come on!  At about 50 minutes in, we asked about the status of our courses.  We were then told "o, the chicken and waffles take some time to be made."  If it truly takes an hour for them to make chicken and waffles, they should put a warning on the menu.  That being said, we saw plenty of other people get their chicken and waffles in under the 1 hour it took us to get ours.  We also got a croque madame an hour in that was so-so.  By the time our food came we werent' hungry any more.  We ate, paid our bill, and left.  Of the 2 hours we spent at Bouchon, 1.5 hours were spent waiting.  We rarely saw our waitress (although we saw our servers plenty and they were very helpful).. That being said, the chicken part of the chicken and waffles is good.  Howevere, I do not pay more than $60 for brunch just for good chicken.  I expect a better dining experience.  I almost would prefer dennys.
The service from the waitstaff was as good as I remembered.  Our waiter was extremely attentive and humorous, which saved this from being a one-star review, as I left the restaurant in quite a good mood.. . How could a restaurant known for superb service and delicious food (my trout with toasted almonds and green beans was flavorful and rich without being too heavy) even warrant the consideration of a one-star rating after it already received a four-star rating?. . The snooty (or maybe she was just slow) hostess is the reason behind this.  My sister and I showed up for a late dinner last night at a time when there were plenty of empty tables.  After approaching one of the hostesses (the blonde one in her mid-to-late forties), she hesitated as she gave us the once-over and said our table would be ready in a few minutes.  Close to half an hour later, it was not.  She had just simply decided that we weren't good enough to be served based on either age, dress, or race.  Or maybe all that cheap hair dye eroded at her brain and she wasn't capable of remembering to seat patrons.  Whatever it was, management at Bouchon might want to retrain their staff and remind them that the restaurant business is not just about food, it's about service and the overall .  And service doesn't only start when patrons are seated.  It starts the moment customers walk through the door and lasts until they leave.  . . The way to circumvent a situation like this is to just make an OpenTable reservation on the spot.  Works a lot better than relying on a hostess to do her job properly.  Remembering to seat people can be way too taxing of a task for some.
I had high expectations for this place, what with Thomas Keller's reputation and the gaudy yelp standing and the circuitous route to get to the spot and my love of brunch.. . We left disappointed.  The service was awful.  My theory behind th bad service stems from the preponderance of European and foreign folk that seemed to fill every table.  Euro's don't tip.  The wait staff surely gave up trying to earn their tips through stellar service long ago.  . . That attitude is unfortunate because I am a fat tipper and our server ignored us and rolled her eyes at us and otherwise undermined our meal.  . . The pastries were all stale.. . The entrees came out one at a time over the course of 15 minutes.. . I had to ask 3 times where my sticky pecan roll was.  When I finally got it it was dried out and uninspired.. . Sauteed spinach that came with one of the dishes was unseasoned, inedible, and unnecessary.. . I had the croque madame which was really good.  All of the entrees were great, actually, but the combination of awful service and stale pastries left me with a bad taste in my mouth.
Very marginal.  The skate was over cooked.  The lamb was tough.  The French onion soup had far too much wine.
Was this a joke?. . If it was, neither of us was laughing.. . My sis and I were in Vegas for a nursing conference.  I love French food, she's up for almost anything, Bouchon seemed an obvious choice.. . The interior is fancy-French (in an overdone, Vegas sort of way).  We were seated quickly and attended by an initially cheerful waiter who couldn't stop crowing about the heirloom tomato salad.  He was so insistent I had to wonder if the chef had ordered too many.  . . We ordered the spring pea soup, melon salad, octopus salad, and a main of gnocchi (all to share).. . The soup arrived and was beautiful.  A bright spring-green with a flourish of flash-fried black rice skimming the top.  I was SO excited.  Then I tasted it.  WHOA.  The SALT.  I couldn't believe it.  My sister grimaced too.  To our dismay, we had to send it back.. . The melon "salad" was an odd little assortment of shaved barely-there melon curls balanced on their ends, tiny slices of fig, mini-marshmallow-sized bits of cheese and daubs of a meyer-lemon cream delight.  This dish was fresh, tasty, and beautiful to look at (though so miniature as to seem like a plate you'd make up for a doll's tea party).  No stranger to tiny bites (nor to the Las Vegas markup) I thought the over-salted soup must have been a fluke.. . WRONG.  . . Here's a run-down of our other dishes:. . The octopus salad: Quite salty on the outside, but since octopus meat is pretty bland, it worked out o.k.  I love salty food when it's done right, and this octopus was cooked perfectly.. . The tomato salad: We grudgingly ordered this when our soup had to go back.  Heirloom tomatoes, a little cress, a garnish of fried onion.  The tomatoes, sadly, did not knock our socks off as the waiter had suggested.  They had no more or less flavor than an heirloom bought at Whole Foods.. . The gnocchi: So incredibly over-salted I couldn't believe what I was tasting.  Clearly the pasta was hand-made and cooked perfectly, so why was the dish RUINED by too much salt?  And gnocchi is a perfect cushy, carby, salt delivery system!  How in the hell do you over-salt gnocchi?  It was as if the kitchen was bored and dared each other to screw with the poor tourist saps to see if they'd catch on.. . The skate: (Ordered after the gnocchi disaster.)  Flavorful and also too salty, the skate was overcooked.  By this time we were an hour and a half into our meal, and thought, "fuck it, let's just eat this and get the hell out".  Our waiter had abandoned us for a table of 8 vulgar, shiny, tits-up-to-there, nouveau-riche cougars who were already sauced.  Cutting his losses.  I can't say I blame him.  The gang of Real Housewives types were so lit, I'm sure they couldn't taste anything, and as the waiter was cute and young and full of flattery, no doubt he got a good tip.. . In total, with only one glass of wine a-piece, and even after all the dishes we had to send back, the bill was well over $100.  We got no real apology from anyone about the over-salted food (by the 3rd dish we sent back it was clear the staff was annoyed).  If we hadn't had to get out the door to a show I would have caused a scene.  As it was, we paid the bill and fled.. . I still can't get over how clearly well-prepared the food was and what a shame and a waste it was that it was ruined by something as simple as too much salt.  Is the Chef-de-Cuisine a chain smoker with nary a taste-bud left to his name?  Was the Chef-de-Partie not paying attention when he made the stock and salted it twice, sending it out to ruin every dish it touched? . . What a waste.
Trek here was grueling. Dinner did not satisfy my taste buds. Prices were high. . . ME NO LIKEY.
Service is soooo slow!! Food is good but nothing spectacular. Go to grand lux for beignets instead.
Our group sat on the patio at lunch time, and the atmosphere was lovely.  Service was friendly but a bit slow.  Note that their lunch menu is quite small and simple.  It consists of a few sandwiches and salads.  I tried the steak sandwich, which was good but not mind-blowing by any means.  The sandwich came with kettle chips, and fries are extra.  Dessert consisted of double chocolate cookie, chocolate chip cookie, chocolate bouchons, and a "fat boy" ice cream "sandwich".  I place quotes around "sandwich" because our waitress said it was a sandwich, the menu says it's a sandwich, but when it arrived at the table, it was an ice cream bar on a stick - the kind you get from an ice cream truck.  Vanilla with chocolate and chopped peanuts.  It was also cracked, like someone sat on it.  So, I don't understand this at all.  On a brighter note, the chocolate bouchons were heavenly - like molten chocolate cake bites.. . As far as French bistros go, I would prefer to go to Boulud at Wynn.
It was between Bouchon and Aureole for dinner and we chose Bouchon based on the yelp reviews. Wish we hadn't.. . It was a loud experience, they were out of the dinner special, we waited an inordinate amount of time for our entree,  and nothing about the food was particularly memorable.  We have had better french bistro food from Bistro Du Coin in Washington DC then we had at this supposed "Five-Star Vegas Restaurant". . . The food is pricey for what you receive, and nothing on the menu is particularly impressive. Save your money and go somewhere else.
We were looking forward to Sunday brunch based on all the rave reviews regarding their breakfasts and brunches. We were not impressed. . . 1) they are not set up for handling large numbers of waiting people. I'm sure their bar lost out on monies because so many were just sitting waiting to be seated. 2) They really don't seem to know how to gauge wait time. We were told it would be 20 mins and it ended up being more like 40 mins. 3) As we waited, it seemed an inordinate amount of tables were left unseated which was inexplicable given how manypeople were standing around waiting to be seated. Overall, we weren't impressed with their organizational skills. . . Finally seated, I ordered a special (scrambled eggs w/shrimp and tomato lobster sauce) which was not very tasty. Quite "meh" for me. My husband ordered the ham steak with potatoes. I liked the potatoes, but the entire thing was way too salty for him. He did like his cream cheese danish very much. And I enjoyed the bread/butter/jam they brought around at the beginning of the meal. Overall we were quite disappointed. We will not be going there again and would be hard-pressed to go to any of the others given our experience with this one.
We were very disappointed. My husband ordered Monkfish and at least 2/3 of the serving was a bone. When he called it to the server's attention, he got defensive and tried to tell us that Monkfish always has bones like that. Hmmm--we've cooked monkfish at home many times with much better luck. . . Service was good and other dishes were good, but the server and . manager were really inappropriate under the circumstances. If they had just offered to bring him another serving of the fish, we would have been happy to continue a pleasant meal.. . Dessert was good, wine selection impressive and the room is beautiful.
We were in Vegas last week for a wedding and on our last night decided to have a special dinner at one of the many highly-acclaimed restaurants in that city.  I decided on Bouchon, having been to their sister restaurant in Napa valley and really enjoying our meal.  And Thomas Keller - how can you go wrong?. . First off, the restaurant is not as nice as the Napa location and the table they gave us, just inside the door was too much in the traffic path and too bright.  And the service was lacking.  When my husband ordered one of the specials, he was told "oh, we're out of that"  I wasn't bothered however, thinking about the meal I was going to have - the roast chicken - just back from France and having had the chicken before in Napa.  . . Well, the chicken was hugely disappointing.  It was very crispy (roasted?), and the meat was dry - overcooked.  The vegetables accompanying the chicken ( mushrooms and ?) were chewy and tasteless and the sauce was overwhelmed by cloves.. . Interestingly enough, my sister had also taken friends to the Bouchon in Napa that weekend and had the same experience with the chicken.  She was embarrassed to have suggested the restaurant, but made up for it the next night when she took them to Bistro Jeanty which everyone raved about. ( just like we used to do about Bouchon). . So sad, but we will never go back.
I was here for brunch and found my meal to be dry and unfufilling.  The restaurant was nice - did a great job of feeling like a french brasserie but it also felt a bit like a fancy Denny's in the morning.  The wait staff was good.
Haven't been back since, and don't really plan on going. However, I just happened to be sifting through my reviews and decided based on the two times I've been here, it really deserves 2 stars instead of 3. Being disappointed with the food and having to pay a lot doesn't really deserve an "A-OK" rating.
Not sure what happened here but I've expected better. It was an okay dinner but not at the caliber that I expected it - esp. not for the price of the meal and the name of the restaurant. We were here for NYE dinner so maybe the head chefs were all out celebrating already. Both of our pork chops and rib eye entrees failed to impress. The starter appetizers of beet salad and lobster soup were underwhelming as well.. . All I remember was that only Bouchon bakery's bread was the same consistency in terms of goodness.
i came here for brunch on a Sunday morning. There was an extremely long wait since we showed up at around 11. By the time we were seated, it was already a bit after 12. All i can say is .. this place is hella PRICEY! I ordered the waffles and it was $12. It was overcooked, and extremely sweet. My sister and our other friend were also very unsatisfied with the Corn Beef and Omelet they ordered.. . We shoulda just woken up a little earlier to eat steak and egg for $6.99 and wash it down with some Fat Tuesday. I know.. so classy.
I recently went for brunch due to hype from one of my co-workers.  I did not like much about my experience.  It started with what I think is an obscure way to get to the restaurant, to the wait, to so so food.  I am certain the Illy coffee downstairs is much better than what I had upstairs.  The breakfast was basic fare and included what I considered a overbaked chocolate almond croissant.  My girlfriend did like her waffle.  Ultimately, I left undazzled by ambiance, food and service.  I went back downstairs thinking maybe I should have just tried a chocolate croissant from the bakery.
I hate to give this place two stars.  It's Thomas Keller and I thought I would be blown away.  I have the Thomas Keller French Laundry cookbook and have been dying to try his food.  I do understand that he's not actually back there working the kitchen, but with his name attached to it I am going to have high expectations.  Unfortunately our tab was extremely high, our service sucked, and not all of the food was on point.  For the price paid, the food should be mind blowing exceptional, and it just was not.  Had the service and food been impeccable, the price would not b an issue.. . First off, we waited forever to be seated.  I mean like 45 minutes when they told us it would be a half an hour.  We were starving.  When I went to the hostess table to ask about the wait, I was ignored by multiple people working the hostess station. . . Our waitress was super passive aggressive.  She ignored me when I tried to flag her down after we had made our initial order, because we decided to add an order of escargot as an appetizer.  I had to ask a busing staff to add it to the order because even though she saw me motion to her, she ignored me and never came back, until much later to say she added it to our order.  I also asked for raw sugar and she forgot and I had to ask her again after waiting a good while.  . . There were definitely some high points though, such as the complimentary bread with butter and apricot jam-amazing.  The escargot was delicious, but I've never had bad escargot, or escargot that tasted incredibly different from any place I've ordered it.  This escargot was prepared in a very classic manner with lots of garlic and butter, and topped with puff pastry.  It was excellent and we were happy to sop up the leftover garlic and butter with the bread on the table.. . One thing that I was annoyed with was the water situation.  I think it's absolutely insane to charge $7 for water from a spigot in the back that's put into a bottle and refrigerated before serving.  It was not a sealed bottle of water, which I could understand if the price was higher, or had it been sparkling water.  The other thing is she continued to bring our table more water, without asking, and of course we got charged for all three bottles of water brought to the table.  I just find it insane that the water cost more than my coffee, and let me tell you, it tasted just like the nasty water from our hotel room, only chilled.  Do not order the "flat" water, it is not worth the insane price tag.. . We went during "brunch" time, so I wanted to try the "french toast."  It's an apple french toast that is more like a french toast-bread pudding hybrid.  It was gorgeous, and the thinly, and perfectly sliced apples on top were tart, sweet and delicious.  The french toast itself was under-seasoned and bland.  I had to actually add salt to it, which I know sounds crazy, but it needed it.. . My one friend ordered a mushroom omelet, which was very small and also under-seasoned.  I also thought it would be a french style omelet, but it wasn't.  It came out as a thick, but small, folded in half, American style omelet.   It also came with a huge mound of perfectly crispy bacon that had to have been deep fried, but tasted heavenly.  . . Next friend had the special of the day, a "BLT" Benedict.  The Benedict consisted of a house-made split English muffin.  It was tiny.  The hollandaise on top was very thin and lacked a full flavor hollandaise should have.  The Bacon was fine, but the lettuce was iceberg.  I was underwhelmed by the pale white iceberg and thought something like butter lettuce would have elevated this dish much more.  The tomato was halved cherry tomatoes.  I think a nice slice of an heirloom tomato would also have been a better choice.  This dish also came with a small side of home fries that were perfect and delicious.  Even with the house-made muffin, I do not feel this dish warranted the $26 price tag.. . Last friend ordered the Banana Waffles.  t comes with nuts, but she asked for no nuts.  The waitress asked if she was allergic.  She said no, but I do not like them.  Of course the food was dropped off quickly by someone other than our waitress, and by the time we realized the the waffles were covered in nuts, there was no one to flag down.  We finally asked for the waffles to be switched out, but by the time waffles without nuts were brought out, we were all done with our food.  To make things worse, the waffles were cold.  Out of all the dishes to make on the fly due to a mistake on the kitchen's part, the waffle shouldn't be something that takes the same time for the rest of us to finish our food, to finish.. . Our waitress comped the cold waffles, but our bill was still crazy high for our mediocre experience.  She was also highly annoyed and kept rolling her eyes when it came time to split the bill up at the end.  I don't know if I would return here, perhaps if someone else was footing the bill.
Disappointing. . Service (just the server) was middle of the road to poor. Expected a lot more from a Thomas Keller place. . Oysters were good. Server forgot oyster forks and a bowl. Brought them after we asked. . Pate was off the charts good. . Foie gras was bland. Some of the worst I've ever had. Wtf? Tasteless and like refrigerated lard. Lacked the wonderful textures and nuanced flavor that good foie gras has. Sigh.. . My friend's fish was on the bland side. Or uninspired. Lacking something. My pork short ribs were really tasty, but both of our entrees were on the just barely warm side. More Wtf. . Dessert order was taken. Server returned to explain they were out of the one my friend ordered. Ok. I know it happens. Just added to the sense that the server wasn't paying attention. Dessert was dropped and table hadn't been marked (no silverware).  Another server noticed and brought us silverware.. . The back server (or busboy if you must call him that, though you ought not to) however: Amazing. This guy was on top of everything he could be expected to be from start to finish. HE was what we expected from the place. Changed plates, checked on us (when the server was off schmoozing the table of hot ladies next to us (yeah, I get it, they're hot and we're just a couple of guys, but we're ordering well and aren't you just the least bit aware of the difference in service you're providing our two tables when we're right next to each other and we can SEE it??).... oh wait, I was talking about how great the back server was... Right. He was great. Crumbed. Refilled. Fast. Expedient. Made us feel at the least... cared about? Noticed? Something like that.. . Lower than average overall experience.. . Palmed the back server cash on the way out. 20% to the server because you do. And sadly, wouldn't  go back.
It was a little disappointing and not worth travelling up the strip. . . It's in the Venetian and in the heart of chaos. . . We had dinner here on a loud Friday night. . . Service was slow. Food was mediocre. The highlight of the meal was the bread that was served prior to the "plats principuax ". I had the Steak Frites -- nothing to write home about. My companion had the salmon -- really nothing to write home about. We shared a serving of the Pot de Creme, which I hoped would be like Creme Brulee but it was infused with lavender and just tasted off. The wine selection was limited.. . Oh well.
I'm not impressed. The food was ok at best. The corn beef hash is not at all what you'd expect and it was a disappointment. A mimosa will cost you over $12 too. Very overpriced and I do not recommend it at all.
The restaurant is beautiful, located in the Venetian...kind of a maze to get to.. Freezing in the restaurant....not sure what's up with restaurant being freezing cold in Vegas, probably trying to rush people out, but there was literally no one there.. They serve the bread on the paper cover that's lying over the table and they give you no bread plate so it was interesting....especially since the whole restaurant looked so formal....by the time we were done with the crusty bread, we had breadcrumbs all over our table!  . For my main entree I ordered the Croque Madame, came out lukewarm....my friend also ordered this and hers came out cold.  The cheese that they put over it is creamy and weird....the whole thing was weird...do NOT get the croquet madame.. Another friend we were with ordered the Warm Asparagus salad and for $14 you literally get like 5 pieces of asparagus with sauce drizzled on it....more like a side rather than a salad.. We also had to repeatedly ask for condiments and they really took a long time fetching it for us....the manager even came over and told us he'd get us more mustard and then he walked away and never returned...... Overall experience...I probably wouldn't come back.
Brunch is mediocre.  The 'basket' of pastries were a good value but the croissants had unsettling crunch and hardly tasted like anything I had in Paris.  The drink I had was adequately strong and fruity.  . . I was kind of annoyed and disappointed at my special entree, shrimp and grits, for being way too bland (although the shrimp was good) and not even buttery.  My boyfriend had sausage and omelet with chicken that was on par with something that you would get at a Hobees (California breakfast chain). When I got the bill, it suggested that I was eating breakfast at the French Laundry, without the yum factor.  . .  I don't think this place is worth going to, due to its diluted and deluded brand.
Ugh. I get annoyed just thinking about my first and only dining experience here.. . It's going to take a lot for me to want to eat here again. Maybe I had set my expectations too high. Maybe I was too worried about having those expectations met the entire time I ate here. Maybe their menu selection really wasn't that great the day I went and their waitstaff really was that annoying.. . For now, I'm going with the latter.. . Croque madame. Gnocci. Mussels. Those were our menu options. A sandwich, some balls of dough and seafood in the middle of the desert. Why? How does that even make sense? The bread on the croque madam was overly buttery, a failed attempt at resembling anything remotely grilled or toasted. I have no idea what they were trying to achieve with that. The gnocci was very unmemorable. And the mussels were mediocre at best.. . One more thing: the fries. Let me talk about the fries for a second. Each entree, even mine which didn't include fries, came with a mountain of fries. Again, "Why??" No idea. Was the chef over zealous about giving out fries? Were they knowingly trying to supplement their subpar food with free French fries? Was it necessary to give us five pounds of this stuff? It was a. Lot. Of. Fries.. . On to the service. Our waiter was teetering very close to annoying. Lingering at our table, asking us what ethnicity we were, what our plans were for the night, where we were from. Dude, can a girl eat her food without having to entertain the waitstaff? Guess not. Of course all traces of doting attention evaporated when it came to paying the bill. The sun had set, it was very dark outside and we were trying to split the bill in the dark, amongst six people. Yikes.. . The combination of our clingy waiter's intrusive and at times, snide remarks and the poor menu selection have me more than convinced I do not need to eat here again. Next time Thomas Keller. Actually, maybe not.
Another confirmation that famous chefs who open restaurants in Las Vegas do a disservice to their reputation and their customers.  Yes they make a lot of money because the hotels practically pay them to open a restaurant, and yes, they can get away with it because most of the people who come to Las Vegas are not particularly attuned to great cuisine (there are certainly exceptions, but just look around).  . . I went there with a group of 15 on a Tuesday evening, and the place was not even close to full.  The service was attentive, but it took forever to get any food out of the kitchen, and what came out was mediocre at best.  The clams and oysters on the seafood towers were gritty, and did not taste fresh.  The Pate' was served too cold and my steak, while not over-cooked, was also not properly seared.  The vegetables were entirely taste free.  . . The only good thing I can say about the place is that the wine list was reasonably diverse and well priced  (We finished off 7-8 bottles of wine while waiting for our food.)  . . I spoke to the wait staff several times about how long it was taking to get food to the table and they said they would send a manager over to talk to me, but they never did.  In any case, Thomas Keller should reconsider having his name associated with this bistro.  The same goes for most if not all the other celebrity chefs who make the same mistake.
Had a pretty bad experience here. I'm not sure if this is normal or if my party experienced an uncharacteristically bad time.. . I've only heard good things about Thomas Keller so I was pretty excited to try this place out. The first thing that bothered me was how inattentive the service was. It took quite a while before our drink orders were taken and it was ages later that we received our appetizers, which were okay. . . The entrees were the real let down. My meal was just okay and a little on the cold side. My brother's meal was plain cold and flavorless. My friends steak was also cold and very tough. My other friend's croque madame was okay, but nothing special. . . My brother ended up sending his meal back, for which the table was given a free desert of profiteroles. They were okay. . . Overall, the restaurant was quite a let down. Maybe the cold food was the fault of an inattentive waitstaff and not the kitchen, but that doesn't help the fact that our meal was poor.
Four stars average on Yelp, REALLY??? . . We dined here because it's Thomas Keller's establishment.  Alas, it proved that the negative rumors of his restaurants are true.  Bouchon fell short. . . Croque madame: seriously the BEST croque madame?? More like average to decent.  . . Eggs Benedict: again, way average.  For that price tag, it fell BELOW average. . . So my conclusion is Las Vegas dining does not compare to other places in its class (Chicago, NY, SF Bay Area).  . . Oh and service was atrocious!  We had to serve our own water because our glasses never got filled. The server scolded us for serving our own water.  I had to walk up to ask for a spoon.  We have to ask for bread, and it was just tossed on the table.  The server rolled her eyes when she dropped a spoon.  Is it because people don't expect good food and service from Las Vegas???  Whatever the reasoning, skip Bouchon.
I was flabbergasted at how bad my experience was. Not just the service, but more shockingly the food. At $100+ PP (and we ordered conservatively) I would probably never set foot inthis place again sadly.. . Started off with a clunky server, really scattered and slow. We had to ask for lemons 3 times, asked for a cocktail that never came, we were waiting forever in between courses. It just felt sub-par.. . As for food, I will say the salads and the wine were really, really good. The wine list is actually pretty amazing if I am being honest. But that is where the happy times ended. My $44 scallops were totally cold and had sand in them. The steak frites were cold. You read that right, not warm, totally cold to the touch. Which for steak and fries isn't the most appetizing. It isn't appetizing at all actually.  We had to do the unthinkable and send it back to be heated up, and then it went unfinished. . . After this lackluster showing, we skipped dessert and will be skipping Bouchon Vegas ever after. Mon Ami Gabi at Paris hotel blows it out of the water.
A disappointment to say the least.  The evening started off with a so so greeting from the hostess.  The lighting at the table was so dim I had trouble reading it(can you get rid of the menu printed on that ridiculous brown paper?)  The waitress seemed nervous as if it was her first day. To all,make sure your dental work is in good order to chomp through the bread.  The pate was so so,the onion soup mediocre. I had the mussels which were ok at best,a number of them did not open when cooked and a number were gritty. My dining companion had the trout which was alright but nothing to rave over. We had to ask to have our wine refilled. We did not stay for dessert or coffee,we figured it just would be on a par with the rest of the meal.  Needless to say we won't be back. Bouchon get your act together,
Insanely slow.  All they did was apologize.. . They got my order wrong too.. . Soupe Provencal very bland. Took a while to get our waiter to bring some salt & pepper for it.. . Strawberry tart, meh.  Was bitter as the orange pate sucree had too much rind.  Johnny cake cobbler had a very strong flour taste, yuck.. . The Bouchon cocktail at the BH location is better.  Plus the butter here isn't honey butter.. . Still... Overall not bad, especially for Vegas.  The Julia Child promotional prix fixe was a good deal.  The pork portion was huge, almost disgustingly so.  Desserts were also quite big.
I've heard a lot of good things about Bouchon's brunch, but I must say I was a little let down while I was there the last time I was in Vegas. Although the restaurant is difficult to find, it is a rather lovely setting whether you're sitting inside or outside. This time in particular I sat outside and throughout the entire brunch we probably only saw our server 3 times.. . We were seated and it took about 15 minutes for anybody to even approach us. We saw a male server hitting up all the tables around us except for ours. Finally a woman approaches our table and takes our orders. I asked for a coffee that took a while to get to the table. I decided on getting the corned beef hash with two eggs, which was recommended by our server and although the food came out in a timely manner, I didn't find anything particularly special about this dish. It was even a little bland and I wanted to ask for hot sauce but our server was out of sight for most of our brunch. When I was finally full and we were all ready to go, our server came back to check on us to see if we needed anything else. . . I'm sure there is a reason why people love this place, but I didn't see it the first time I was there. Food and service just wasn't up to par the day I was there.
Bouchon gave me flashbacks of all the good French dishes I ever had.   I miss those.. . Their bread is not as good as Le Pichet or Boat Street's.  The terrine is not as good as Cafe Presse's.  The fish is not as good as St. Jack's.  The profiterole is definitely not as good as Le Pigeon's.  With the texture and taste similar to cardboard, it's probably the worst profiterole I ever ate.. . Not to say French restaurants in the Pacific Northwest are the best, but at least they're better than Bouchon.   I so wanted to like it, but Bouchon confirms what I've always known: you can't find great food at a hotel's restaurant.  Not in the U.S. anyway.
The trout almondine was good, but only Vegas Good. Vegas Good means okay food and okay service at twice the price. We can get way better grub served by cute French waiters at Cafe Beaujolais in LA. When I dine out of town, I want tasty, exciting and new. Bouchon's pricey faux-French pretension just made me realize: There's no place like home.
We had breakfast at Bouchon mid-morning. . . The staff was accomodating, but, tried way too hard (came off a bit pretentious).. . It was worth a try (we were staying at Palazzo), but, I do not think we would return.
Mediocre. That best sums up my experience. However, it should be noted that I just came back from Paris so perhaps my expectations were higher. That said, I have tried French food in the states. As such, I can't go beyond two stars. I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough. The breads were not up to par, the vegetables over saturated, and the meat run of the mill, with no distinction in flavor.  It's like they have a few template dishes and they remake it over and again, with varying quality. To me, the appeal of French cuisine is that a lot of attention and care is focused on the nuance of flavors and the artistry of the final product. I feel like this restaurant is more focused on giving Americans the image of French food but not the substance. But I guess this is fitting, as it is in Las Vegas (note the fake eiffel tower, european replicas). So in that respect, this Bouchon is every bit as kitschy as the place it's located. While Las Vegas' kitsch is part of its charm, this doesn't quite work for Bouchon. Even the staff appear to be part of the spectacle, ad hoc accents all over the place.  Hopefully, someone comes in and will rescue this place from being cruise ship fare  and turn it into a good option for French food on the  strip.
Quite pricey for the food that they serve there.. . We ordered the fries since they got some raves fro Anthony bourdane.  They are just normal fries you can get anywhere for 3 times as much.  The steak was slightly chewy, not much flavor.  I also had the bouillabaisse soup.  Pretty bland.  The steam mussels left something to be desired.  My 5 yr old son fished the melon procsuto and said he liked it.. . I would not come back.
Okay, if you are going to go this far with the "French" theme, how about a decent French cup of coffee. My cappuccino came in a tall mug with a straw, kid you not. And my husband's espresso was in a big coffee cup and was so burnt that we had to send it back twice! But the worst part is that the waitress looked at us like, "what am I supposed to do about it" and then left it on the bill! It's a cup of espresso, I think the casino can eat that.. . My sausage breakfast was smothered in butter and my husband's chicken and waffles were nothing to write home about. Just okay. And so not French. . . Over rated and the service was pas bien.
Escargot were good, tho overpriced for the quality. Had a Cosmo which was awful... Tasted more like lime juice than anything else. I had the gnocchi, which were ok but not fabulous. My dinner companion had the croque madam which was greasy and disappointing. Ate at mon ami gabi at Paris the night before which was a much better restaurant. This was to be a special meal and it was pretty disappointing overall. Would skip it next time
Such a disappointing experience after a fabulous weekend with girlfriends in Vegas.  Visually it's beautiful, classic dark wood, sparkling white table cloths, pale yellow walls, huge French doors leading onto an outdoor patio - very French looking.. . It makes me sad to report that while the food had a few delicious high points, but mostly average, the service was so poor that it spoiled the expierience. The special, flat iron steak eggs benedict, was served barely lukewarm to 3 of my dining companions. Even the cast iron serving dishes were cold. Another guest had ordered her bacon extra crispy only to have it delivered soft.. . While I think that everyone wasn't completely turned off by their meals, they certainly weren't worth writing home about or coming back to try again.  Other small mistakes were made with our ordering and the waiter was quite rude when we had to flag him down to bring it to his attention.  Taking into account the miserable service, the sadly average food is not worth a second round.. . Happily, I can say that our dinner at another spot off the strip magnificently made up for our brunch at Bouchon.
Great food scuttled by a hour wait for brunch dishes which came out 5 minutes apart.. . It was a 20 min wait for brunch on a sunday, so not too bad and we ordered drinks, pastries and mains.  They ran out of one so we subbed another and they were truly astounding but then it took an hour for mussels, chicken and waffles and a tuna sandwich.  Each dish was exceptional but an hour wait in a half empty restaurant when other tables get the same dishes ahead of you and they come out 5 minutes apart is just poor.  The waitress was great, empathetic and had a manager come over who comped a round of drinks which was nice but the experience wasn't close to what i was expecting from a Keller establishment.  Food saved the experience but they need to hire an expediter.  Thankfully we had the time to spend from 1 until 3 waiting for brunch but it should be better and i hope they make changes.. . great food and hope they just had a rough day.
While in last Vegas I had 3 different dinners at 3 different locations. This was probably the worst of the 3. The food is very average which is very surprising knowing the chef behind the restaurant. It is a copy of a French brasserie but I would have expected better food.  We had the special soup (yam) which was delicious but that was the only dish that was above average. We also had soup a l'ognion, mussels, gnocchi and the special veal. The waiter did a good job at selling the specials and we expected a better quality food ( we had dinner at Scarpetta the night, now that was outstanding). The place is overpriced, the wine list although extensive is way overpriced and the service is awful. The waiters kept on dropping plates and silvers on the floor, it happened at least 4 times during our dinner, and the busboy poured water into our wine glass. The sommelier was unshaved and in a suit with no tie. It was not a good experience and will not recommend it.
For a brasserie that purports the name of Thomas Keller from Per Se and French Laundry, it was very disappointing experience.. . We went there for dinner on a Wednesday night. The first course all lived up to the reputation- my husband had the onion soup which was respectable. I had the fall squash soup which was also very good.  What was disappointing were the entrees. My mussels with pomme frites were overly salted. The gnocchi was ok and my husband took the $40 veal special that was just passable.. . I do not recommended. Definitely not worth the money.
The food here just isn't that good. They try to make french food, but it's way too heavy on butter and other fats, and tastes more like diner food than a french breakfast shop.
I wanted to eat here for a long time, and now I can say it was not worth the wait. I came here for brunch and ordered the apple french toast. Although it was beautifully presented, it was so overly sweet that I only ate about a third of it. My husband ordered the chicken and waffles which was definitely better. The chicken was tender and the waffle was crisp with good seasoning, but at $26 isn't that to be expected? Someone next to us ordered the american breakfast which came with eggs, bacon, sausage, bread, juice and coffee and that was $22! At these prices I prefer going to one of the many delicious vegas buffets where there is always a good variety and I can eat to my heart's content.
I thought Thomas Keller had a good reputation, but it looks like he has resorted to trading on his name like so many of his contemporaries.. . Not a very good place, the type that serves mediocre food and survives on their name, undeserved reputation from when maybe they used to be good, and the expectation that their clientele are ignorant and either don't realize or are too proud to admit they were suckered in to getting ripped off at a place like this.. . The seafood platter starter was pretty good. Nothing to complain about although not nearly as epic in presentation as, say, Mastro's which really makes it feel like a night out.. . For my courses I decided to judge them on a couple of bistro classics, the onion soup and croque madame (a croque monsieur with a poached egg on top). I can make better onion soup than Bouchon--straight up. If Thomas Keller would accept the challenge I would go on Food Network for a cook-off and bury his ass. The soup tasted a bit burnt and too strong overall, my first impression was that someone dumped a double-dose of instant bouillon into the pot by accident. And not enough cheese, which is a major pet peeve. At a nice place, why cut costs by withholding the last ounce or two of cheese that would put the soup ever the top?. . Croque madame was served cold, almost completely. Once I started eating I found a little warm spot in the center, but it had definitely been sitting for a while, so I suppose that's why the food took so long to arrive; I should have sent it back but didn't feel like waiting another hour. It was pretty good, definitely would have been better served hot but even so nothing remarkable. The bread was a bit thick and the ham wasn't anything special. The fries were unremarkable, and not consistently cooked which is kind of an unusual problem. A lot of them were a bit undercooked, the rest were fine, but visually they all looked like they came from the same batch. Not as good as McDonald's.. . The lemon tart dessert was probably the highlight of the meal, but even so, I occasionally caught a slight stale taste.. . Don't bother, go to Chinatown or anywhere else they still feel like they have to work for it.
Our second night in Vegas was a much anticipated reservation at Bouchon. We arrived at scheduled reservation and were seated immediately.. . The service was not what we'd expected of a fine dining establishment associated with Chef Thomas Keller.. . The waiter was appropriate in greeting us and defining menu, he was appropriate in taking our order. Problem, we never saw him again.. . The meal was delivered by restaurant staff. We had to communicate thru restaurant staff for the Wine Master service(sommelier title  unknown ), he was appropriate with paring and serving wine, still no waiter.. . There was a gentlemen across the dining room, we made eye contact, he approached the table, he knew we were unhappy. I asked what happened to the waiter, he pointed across the dining room indicating he was busy with another table. We were speechless with this response.. . There was no reason to debate at this time. We asked for the check, he indicated he could help us with that. Still no waiter..... . The lack of training we observed from our experience at Bouchon was not acceptable.. . Upon exiting the restaurant we were approached by a female employee"she wanted to make it right". A little to late, the core staff is weak at this establishment.. . I will be sending a note to the corporate office of Chef Keller informing him of this situation.. . What a disappointment.
The food was great. I had the short rib, my husband had the steak and frites. The atmosphere was classic French bistro. Very nice wine selection. The reason for the low rating is the service. It was awful--our server forgot to bring our wine, brought us the dessert menu before our entreewas served. He was totally distracted the entire time and MIA the entire dinner.
Was excited to eat breakfast here.  Had to wait about 35 minutes which we were okay with since the food was supposed to be good.. . We got to the table, ordered two sparkling wine cocktails.  Waited 10 minutes, waitress was wondering what was taking the bar so long, checked and we got the cocktails.  They were good, maybe a buck or two more than other restaurants but still acceptable.. . Ordered corned beef hash and sausage and eggs (we're not chicken and waffles people unfortunately as the table next to us ordered it and they seemed to like it).  Waited another 10 minutes.. . Got the bread, which was good but hard to chew as there was a lot of crust and not much insides.  The raspberry and butter tasted great on the bread.  Almost forgot what we were doing, watched the huge clock on the wall tick another 20 minutes by.. . Got the food, the hash was cubed (which is fine), a little dry, but tasted okay.  Sausage was good size and taste, but the scrambled eggs looked puny on the plate.  The table next to us agreed: don't get anything with scrambled eggs, you'll be underwhelmed.. . Our waitress didn't seem to be having a good day, but we've all been there at work.. . Saving grace: sausage and eggs came with a croissant which was exceptional.  Slightly flaky and buttery, delicate and delicious.. . Bottom line, skip the restaurant for breakfast and go to the bakery for excellent pastries instead.  Then go to the Paris and eat at Mon Ami Gabi.
My hubby and I are vacationing in Vegas and on our list of must eat restaurants, was Bouchon. . . Too bad our experience was a big disappointment. . . We arrived for our reservation on thursday, excited about the upcoming culinary experience... The hostess was friendly, seated us and then about 15 mins later a man, who never introduced himself asked us about our water preference. We only realized later, when he came back, still never making eye contact,  he was our waiter. This was probably one of my worst restaurant experiences ever. . . When i asked him about the chicken dish- i was expecting some description on the preparation or even his opinion ( which I love to hear from waiters!), instead he pointed to my menu and read it line for line. That was about the most interaction we got all night. He never came to check on us, his eyes always looking at his colleagues, no smiles, just seemed bothered to be there. . It's one thing to be ignored when the restaurant is busy-- but literally be forgotten when there are empty tables surrounding you, is too much. He never bothered to check in on the apps or entree were. . . i would have overlooked all of this, if the entrees were as good as the appetizers. Endive salad and onion soup were delicious (and the reason  i gave this place two stars) Steak frites was just ok. My hubby didn't even finish it, which is surprising for him....my Chicken was cooked well, great crisp, but  again, only ok.. . All in all, the wait staff needs some training... Smile, talk to your customers, a little eye contact and fake small talk will go a long way with tourists and maybe even yield a good tip!
Bouchon is one my favorite places to go when I am in Vegas,. My last trip in March was marked with a scar. I left a comment on their website and have not heard back so I decided to post here as well.. If you have been there you would know that the food is good and prices are on the expensive side. So what stunned me when I got my bill is the charge of their house water for $7 a carafe. ($21 for 3). Seriously! You are charging me for tap water at a place where we pay more than regular prices for food. Shame on you for trying to rip off your customers. And btw I didn't ask for any special water, I said tap water when I was asked what do I want to drink. . The good news is that they adjusted the price but that was embarrassing in front of my business guests.
We had a private dining reservation for our clients here. We chose the location as we heard this was on of the best restaurants in Vegas. . I will say the service was impeccable - our waitress was outstanding. . We had a preset menu for our clients (table of 14). For those who ordered steak (myself included) the steaks came out RAW. It was horrific. They were not even cooked and they were cold. 2 of us at the table didn't want to make a scene so we told our waitress who removed them. They didn't bother to check w/ the others who also ordered steak. When the steaks returned to us they were lukewarm and still very chewy and hard to cut. I have had much better steak at other places - I have even made better steak!. The shocker came at the end when 3 other people at the other side of the table mentioned their cold steaks. When I told the manager, he said since we ate the remainder of the meal, he would only discount us for the steaks.. Very disappointing. We spent over $3K at this dinner and he only offered a $40 discount. He did ultimately take off $100 but no other offer was made. Bad service on their part.. Awful place.
My family and I dined here on Friday April 12th for dinner and I must say I was extremely disappointed.  We were deciding between Bouchon, American Fish, and Bartolotta.  However, two members of our party had dined at Bouchon and suggested it.  . . We had an 8:30pm reservation and arrived about 20 minutes early to have a drink or two at the bar.  It was pretty packed so we grabbed a bar table in the bar area.  Not once did a server come by to bring us water or take a drink order.  We went up to the hostess to express our concern and see if they could send someone over to help us.  Before anyone came by, the hostess came and escorted us to our table outside on the patio.  She was aware of the situation so we assumed that our service from that point on would be impeccable. Boy were we wrong!. . Once seated at our table, another 15 minutes passed before or waiter even came by to greet us.  We had to flag down a bus boy for waters!  Upon our waiter visiting, he was friendly and warm but it did not make up for the start of the meal.  They had a few specials on the menu where one struck our immediate interest.  However, when we went to order it, the kitchen was out of it.. . Moving on to the food.  We ordered the salmon rillette appetizer which was delicious.  We also each ordered the endive salad per our waiter's recommendation.  It was tasty but nothing extraordinary.  I have had many better salads in my day for half the cost.  For our entrees, we ordered the chicken, salmon, and trout.  All were very tasty but nothing to rave about.  I was expecting much more from Thomas Keller. . . Back to the service.  We had ordered the Pommes Frittes as a side dish.  A very simple side dish we presumed.  However, it never came.  When we asked our waiter about the status of the dish, he said it is on his way.  However, having been a waiter for a fine dining establishment, I can pick up on when a waiter messes up and when the kitchen messes up.  Immeditaley after I ask about the status of our fries, he ran to the computer and began inputing what I presume was the fries.  To make a long story short, after much reassurence they were coming, they never came.  . . We finally had enough and decided to call over the manager to make her aware of our experience.  She seemed very sorry and apologized but only proceeded to take off our apps and drinks from the bill.  You would think that our meal would have been taken care of.  Lastly, we were celebrating two birthdays that weekend in Vegas and I made Bouchon aware when we made our res.  However, they did nothing to acknowledge that.  . . Overall a very dissapointing experience.  With all of the great restaurants in Vegas, I will never be returning to Bouchon and I suggest you check out many of the better offerings of Sin City.
Breakfast only rating.. . Coffee took 10 minutes to arrive. Cream another 5. . . Waffles and side order of bacon - cold. Waitress MIA whole meal - never asked how things were or enabled us to get more coffee.. . 2 stars for my wife's breakfast was fine and they comped my waffles after I complained.
I read an article a few years back, and the writer asked Thomas Keller what he thought of Yelp, the restaurant mogul was unfamiliar with the site.  After reading many Yelps for Bouchon, many diners are spreading their love for Keller, which was why we chose to dine at Bouchon on our holiday.  We walked into a pretty vacant restaurant, and were seated promptly.  This place is very "fine dining" but because it is located in a hotel you get all sorts of tourists.  Lets say Thomas Keller might not approve of a diner wearing cutoffs and running shoes, while choking down a $22 breakfast, but hey, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.  My sis and i  both ordered the the breakfast plate that came with  two eggs, potato croquettes, toasted brioche & applewood smoked bacon.  Moments later our food arrived, and my sis took one bit of her bacon, and pulled a face, the food was cold.  We debated just eating it, but if Keller can make oysters and pearls, can he not make bacon and eggs?  We told our server our issue, and she seemed shocked that there was an issue, and returned it to the kitchen.  Our plates came out again, this time they might have been 1 degree warmer.  We didn't want to send our food back for the third time, so we sucked it up.  The manager was very generous accommodating us with a box of pastries for the trouble.  . Overall i wouldn't go back, I think Thomas Keller has stretched his name a bit too thin, and this restaurant is not dishing out the same quality of food that he would oversee at The French Laundry.
went for brunch. overall food was pretty good (I got the chicken and waffles), but not for the $$. .  pastries, especially pecan sticky bun,  were excellent. . .  Our waitress was horrible and extremely unprofessional, probably why she is working the brunch shift. However, you would think tho that at a restaurant of this $$ range, even brunch servers would be good. . . there were 3 of us, we each got 1 alcoholic drink and the total was $145 with tip; . pretty pricey for an average breakfast(aside from pastries) and poor service
Beautiful decor and atmosphere, fairly attentive service, but....the food is nothing to write home about. I was very underwhelmed with the breakfast at Bouchon. Ordered the omelet special of the day (with steak, roma tomatoes and feta), which was delivered to me cold. They promptly and kindly replaced it with a "fresh" one, which was at least hot. However, it was still a poor excuse for an omelet...rubbery, flavorless eggs, chewy steak and under-ripened tomatoes. Bacon is pretty tasty, but isn't bacon always tasty? Brioche toast was dry and not very buttery, and coffee was a bit stale. If you're in Vegas and want a good breakfast, try the Peppermill on the strip instead...you'll spend a lot less and leave much happier.
We came for breakfast.. . Steak and eggs:  plain, asked for medium rare steak - came medium well.  Potatoes over cooked and bitter.  Eggs cooked perfect, though. $25!. . Bread pudding French toast:  super sweet.  It's a dessert.  The syrup came prepoured so we couldn't even adjust.  It was good but couldn't take more than a few bites.  Wow - sweet!. . Coffee:  bitter.  Really bitter.  . . (I enjoyed the bouchon in Sonoma - 5 stars.  Bouchon in Las Vegas - 2 stars)
We had high hopes when we went here given that it is Thomas Keller's restaurant, guess we expected to much. We, my wife I, went here for our wedding anniversary. I ordered the Fois Gras special which was void of seasoning but the warm brioche was good. For my main course I ordered the hanger steak special, the salt that was missing from my app was on my main course but the strangest thing was my main course was a hot item served in a cold all clad roasting pan that was cold, in 26 year in a kitchen I was always told hot food hot plate but what do I know. My wife tried the "Roast Chicken" it is Thomas Keller's restaurant after all, we are still trying to figure out why he is so noted for this dish as it was nothing to write home about..  We didn't have dessert as nothing was appealing, every item had ice cream or sorbet on it in some form or another..  I big let down for us and won't be back
The hostess in front was not at all friendly. She didn't even welcome us. Just asked for name and party. That was kind of a bad start... The wait was 50 minutes for Sunday at 12... We waited the 50 minutes Bc I had wanted to try this place for a while....we were seated in 53 mins. . . The waitress Megan took 10 mins to greet us at our table ad she wasn't all that helpful. When I asked if the waffles were good and she replied, "yeah."  Let me tell you after she too our order she did NOTHING for us. We actually ordered another side dish through another waiter.  . . The busboy was great! Always filling up our water cups. We personally gave him cash tip and left our waitress with a 5% tip Bc again she did NOTHING. She didn't even serve our food get us condiments. NOTHING. . . My husband got the ham steak which took 20 mins to rcv. I ordered the waffles and it took 30 mins. Again I ordered waffles- not chicken and waffles just waffles... 30 mins. . . The male waiters were all very nice and attentive to us and our needs.. All of the women workers seemed to have a pretty large stick up their............ . . I will not return here again.. So disappointed in the upgraded ihop/Denny's food.  Not worth the wait, money or rude service. Blah!  . . The service was so bad that my husband who never complains about anything, was even pissed and called the manager... He spoke with "yushon?" And she offered to pay for our next meal which we all know is the restaurants way of saying "shut your complaining"
We looked reviews up on yelp. We were excited to eat here because of the chicken and waffles! After a $12 cab ride, our waiter informed us the chef only likes to make that on the weekends. Although, he said they have requests for that all the time!! My boyfriends food came out first and mine was 5 minutes after his... Food was good but luke warm. Service lacked. 2 people came by and no one refilled our coffee, we had to ask. The last straw was they took my food away and didnt ask if I was done!!!  Food was decent but service was VERY poor. Will not be back.
CHICKEN AND WAFFLES.... NOT SERVED ON WEEKDAYS!! I'll just get that one out of the way, right away. Being a nice French restaurant located right on the edge of one of the Venetian's pools, I was expecting much more from Bouchon. We were very promptly seated on the patio after being asked twice if we were sure we wanted to sit in the heat. We were fine with sitting outside, but being sat almost directly in the sun when there were empty tables still completely shaded was a little bit of a head scratcher. (No biggie, brush it off) A server then brings a glass of orange juice to our table and the girlfriend and I look at each other, confused. Is OJ complimentary at this fine place? Answer: No. OJ was then taken away after our server being made aware. Then comes the C & W fiasco. Oh, Chicken and Waffles, how I so looked forward to devouring you this fine Vegas morning......(Screeching halt) "C & W is one of our most requested dishes during the week, but our chef likes to serve it as a specialty item on weekends" was the response from our waiter. So... you tell me how many times daily that $12 is wasted on a cab ride to NOT eat C & W on a weekday? (Yes partially my fault for not doing my research, but c'mon man) Breakfast was just OK, my corn beef hash was served first and started to get cold as we waited about 5 minutes for the girlfriends dish to arrive and her's still wasn't warm? Girlfriends food was snatched from her before she could finish. We had to ask every time we needed our coffee refilled. Not impressed. Won't be back
Not impressed, I went here for breakfast/brunch...I was truly disappointed! . . -we were shuffled outside to the patio. (Dishes were unclean with dust all over....) . -the price for the quality of food is not worth it. . -service is ehhh..... -if you arent looking for good food and only want  an overpriced mimosa then this is the place for you. . -bread pudding is savory, ours came out ice cold. . -i have nothing more to say. . -maybe they are better for dinner?
Came for dinner on a weeknight. Luckily there was no wait, and the decor/ambience are absolutely gorgeous in a classic, old world charm sort of way -- tucked away on an upper floor in the Venetian, it's a welcome change of scenery compared to Vegas' other fine dining establishments that have a not so discreet view of the casino floor, and yet you're still in the midst of the action on the strip. Unfortunately, the positives of my experience at Bouchon end here.. . Service was god awful -- inattentive, unaccommodating, and generally disinterested in making my evening a pleasant one. After being completely ignored for 15 minutes upon being seated, I got up to use the restroom only to find that my table setting had been cleared away by the time I returned. No apology whatsoever. When I finally got my waiter's attention after another 15 minutes of being ignored, he didn't bother to walk me through the menu or the special of the day, and he was unwilling to help me choose a dish/work with the kitchen to prepare something that would suit my not uncommon dietary restrictions. I finally settled for the trout, although at that point I shouldn't have bothered. The dish was just as bad as the service: the fish was entirely unseasoned and flavorless, and the rudimentary, unmemorable cauliflower amandine felt like an afterthought thrown on top. What the plate lacked in flavor it more than compensated for with a completely gratuitous amount of added fat: as if being served in the veritable pool of butter in which it was pan-fried wasn't enough, the top of the filet was slathered in enough oil for the trout to positively swim in (if it wasn't already fileted down the middle). FYI Mr. Keller: oil is not a substitute for flavor!. . Blegh -- meal was such a disappointment that I wasn't even interested in taking the 15% off coupon for the similarly mediocre bakery. Next time I remotely consider patronizing Thomas Keller, it's French Laundry or bust.
You no doubt are wondering why only two stars for what SHOULD have been a five star dining experience.  . . Stopped in for brunch last Saturday around 12:30 - we were super excited to try this landmark French restaurant.. . From the minute we were seated, service was sub par and disappointing.  The waiters were more preoccupied with anything other than customer satisfaction.   We learned later that the restaurant closed at 2 pm and that the staff's focus was on ending their shift.. . Upon ordering, We were told that several of our first choice items (regular menu items, not specials) were out.  We had to ask multiple times for our coffee which was not delivered until the end if our meal.  After delivering our meals, the waiter once again scurried quickly away.  We had to TRACK him down and ASK (multiple times) for silverware...  First he brought only forks.  But we needed knives to cut our meats as well...  I had ordered steak and pommes frites with aioli.  And, when delivered, i wasn't surprised to hear they had no more aioli.. . I don't mind expensive French restaurants with attitude.  I do believe, that if you are promoting a that restaurant is "open for brunch", the restaurant should deliver on that with a menu and staff in place.. . This was NOT the five star experience we had previously at Le Cirque.  I wouldn't go back to Bouchon nor would I recommend it.
Meh... I am not sure whether this place is worth waiting for this long!. . Croque Madame ($19) was above average, but not definitely the best. OK... fine.. . Steak Frites ($32)... excuse moi??? not really impressed and wonder how peeps are so excited bout this low quality steak.. I strongly recommend to try other dishes.... (I really mean it!!!). Not even close to steakhouse incl. Gallagher's and Morton's (even not willing to pay $15 for this!). . With two sparkling wines, I ended up paying around $100 and would not consider coming back.... . The only bad choice ever based on yelpers' review :(
I have had nothing but wonderful experiences at Bouchon in Yountville.  Chef Keller needs to mind the store at this location quite a bit closer.  . . To start, our server (younger with short dark hair) was largely MIA the entire evening.  We had to go ask the sommelier for a cork for the wine bottle and ask someone else for the bill. His section was busy, but I jealously watched another server with graying hair attentively tend to 2 10-12 tops and 2 other smaller tables, including one next to us ... fabulous service.  I wish I could have switched tables.  And, after the meal when I asked to speak to a manager, he stood there and listened to me with a cool detachedness ... I wasn't angry or even riled up ... just relayed our experience and told me that it didn't reflect our many, many more positive experiences in Yountville ... I got a cool "thank you for sharing your thoughts.". . As for the food. My frisee salad with lardons and poached egg and mustard viniagrette was lovely.  I sent my french onion soup back.  The broth was overreduced and gritty and the cheese wasn't gratineed (just melted into a blob on top -- which came off like a lid).  My husband's croque madame was killer.. . Too bad ...
Definitely not impressed. Service was LAME server knew nothing about French wine; neither did the "expert" that took over 30 minutes to come to our table to merely read the wine list to us. The server who brought the seafood appetizer was equally clueless. He informed us that Tamale Bay (sic) was "somewhere on the East Coast".  Add to that the oysters were poorly shucked; devoid of nectar and still attached to the shell.. . No plates for the bread & pistachios??? that came out after 20 mins. Food was really good, not fabulous. Two in my party got a special, the lamb shank; the most impressive item of the evening. . . Sorry Mr Keller, you need MUCH better staff.
I admit, I had really high hopes for this place - it's probably the only time in my life I'll get to dine in a Thomas Keller restaurant. However, I was pretty full after a day's worth of sampling all the strip has to offer, so I settled for the French Onion Soup. . . The pistachios and bread that came out were really good; the pistachios in particular were amazing. However, my soup was practically inedible. It tasted as though someone had dumped an entire canister of salt in it. I'm aware that French Onion Soup is supposed to be salty, but this was beyond terrible. Since it was costing me about $10, I decided to suck it up (literally) and finish the soup, even though all that salt made me feel terrible.. . I'm sure if I'd gotten something else, my experience would have been better, but I cannot recommend the French Onion Soup in the slightest.
I hate giving less-than-stellar reviews, but if I go by the Yelp star code, well, I've definitely had better than Bouchon.. . I've been here in my pre-yelp days and never had a bad word to say about the place. Sadly, my last experience wasn't up to par.. . The atmosphere here is lovely and our server was nothing but pleasant. I started with a cup of the French onion soup and my friend had a salad - no complaints on either.. . I was actually looking for a rib eye, but since there wasn't one on the menu, I went with Steak Frites. A pan-seared 9 oz. flat iron, caramelized shallots & maitre d'hotel butter served with French fries. When it arrived, it looked and smelled wonderful, but upon first bite I could immediately tell something was wrong.. . There was a very strong and very unpleasant metallic after taste to that first bite. My friend gave me a bite of his NY strip and it tasted the way steak was supposed to. Then I thought maybe the butter or shallots had burned and that's why my bite was off. So I scraped everything off the piece of meat and went in for another bite. Same story. Odd, off-putting taste all over again. I hate to use the word "rancid", but well, that's what it tasted like.. . The waiter came to check on us and I ended up sending the steak back. As my waistline will attest, I have never sent anything back in my entire life. The waiter was very nice, though I think he may be new as he was a bit flustered and nervous. I was glancing at the menu to see if there was anything else I wanted to try and though he was trying to be helpful the waiter offering to wait for me while I selected another entree felt a little pressured. I hurriedly ordered the salmon and while it came out fast and was tasty, it wasn't really what I wanted.. . I was surprised and disappointed by the experience here. I know this place can be great, but with such a huge variety of fantastic restaurants in Las Vegas, I think I'll have to move on from Bouchon.
Hmm... Well we came in with very high expectations, based on a previous good experience.. . The good:. Great service from bus boys. Very nicely packaged doggy bag (for the dog, although he may not like the food either). Decent tasting bread.. . TheBad:. Overstretched waiters.. Overcooked and dry food (both the gnocchi and lamb shank special). No decent restaurant would allow such food to leave kitchen. The food is edible.... . Overall I think management is to blame.
