beer only.. . i hate grading businesses poorly, but wow, the two beers i tried were bad. . . when i went, five beers were on tap: the hefeweizen, amber, stout, an ipa and i can't remember the fifth. the ipa is a new brew i was not expecting to find. as i've got a new found love of ipa's, i think my excitement showed in my face when the bartender mentioned they had an ipa. he quickly said, "i don't think it's strong enough." i wasn't sure what he meant, so i asked, "not strong enough in terms of hoppiness or abv?" he said it's not very hoppy.. . he gave me a sample and he was right. no hops at all, tasted like a lager. pass. now that i think about it, if he told me it was a lager, i probably wouldn't have minded it. i got the stout next, and while it was marginally better than the ipa, there just wasn't much flavor at all. i was so disappointed i considered abandoning the unfinished glass, but thought that would be rude.. . i may give their other beers a try if i've got time to kill, but i'd have a hard time recommending any craft beer fans visit this place specifically for the beer. it's cheap though, only $1.50 a pint.
Good food, great price, terrible service!  2 1/2 hour dinner, 1 he before drinks served. Yikes, it's not that good.
Heard the old sane, "you get what you pay for"?  The $6.99 steak was tough.  Salad, veggies, baked potato good. Beer very good.  Off the beaten track.  I would not like to walk to Ellis Island due to the iffy neighborhood.  There is karaoke at the bar. . .questionable group to say the least.  I've had better steaks at Burger Pit and Sizzler.
This place sucks, food breakfast skillet was terrible, very little meat, old potatoes, mostly green peppers, and the beer I ordered never showed up. I sat with a view ofthe bar and it was made and waiting for me, food cane out an bill came out, beer still sat there, the waitress popped up twice ou of the wholeyime, took 10 minutes to pay for the check, asked 2 dofferednt propel to take. Our check, first said we'd had to wait or our waitress, second didn't eve. Say anything, just looked at us, and we wente drunk. Bot coming back
The first thing that hits you is the smoke. As a non-smoker, it sucks. But as a previous-smoker, I can deal. . . The only reason why I go to Ellis Island is for the free pizza and the free slot play for having the player's card.. . The Root Beer is the best ever though!
We were advised that their BBQ ribs were to die for.  They do them special after 4pm, and we just had to do it.  So we did.  Frankly, they were adequate.  Nothing special.  I can think of two places near my home (Phoenix) that are better.  Not sure what my friend was thinking.. . But their brew was pretty good.. . We won't make a point of going back, but you could do worse.
I dropped in on a recommendation for a place to get a quick, cheap meal.  This is what I got when I ordered the steak special, which is a 10oz steak, vegetable, and baked potato, all for under $8.   The steak was a bit overcooked and tough, and the rest was unremarkable.   . I got what I paid for, and considered giving the place 3-stars for value alone - hey . . . its an EIGHT DOLLAR steak.
I have to update the stars on this place. As you can read in my review, I was pretty drunk when I ate here. . . I went back on a sober day and it was a big mistake. I wish I would have kept that idea in my mind. The 5 star idea. I was crushed, crushed to try the food and not understand why it didn't taste like I remembered, like I remembered the last time I ate there. Why don't you taste the same? . . I understand now that it was 4am. I was drunk eating. . . If there was such a thing as food patrol, I would have received a well deserved ticket on food alteration based on the level of alcohol in my body.   This was the cause for me giving them 5 stars before. . . But..........I have an obligation to warn you. . . Pros: Open 24 hours. . . Cons: Service, food, food and food. . . Sorry Ellis. You are that friend I will not really talk to anymore. I thought you were cool. I thought wrong. :(
Hey yall,. . KK heres a recent review from my trip to Vegas. I was actually a little disappointed mainly with their service more then food. They had some specials going on the night I went so the prices were good for what we were eating. the only problem is... they messed up my order twcie. not just once, but TWICE! seriously! very disappointing. Overall food taste was ok. They had this weird setup where even though their tables were clean and empty. parties had to wait about 15 to 20 mins before getting a table! and that confused me alot. I knocked it down to two stars for the messup on my food, and the odd seating that they had us wait for an empty restaurant.
I do not understand how people rave about this beer?!? This beer is the typical "wannabe breweries" here in the US. The beers are very weak and lack any serious flavor and depth which comes from cheap ingredients and shoddy brewing.. . They do have some good deals on food..I will give them that.. . "side note" . As being on the receiving end of alot of the victims in my ER....do not park in their garage..especially at night. Alot of muggings and such.
Their kitchen was closed for cleaning last night at 8 so no prime rib.
During my last night in Vegas, a friend of mine recommended we go to Ellis Island for their secret steak special. It was 4:30 a.m. and we were all living off of 3 hours of sleep the night before + a good amount of drinks, . but that didn't stop any of us. . . The steak special goes like this: you get a good sized steak, potatoes, green beans, soup or salad, and a beer for $8. AWESOME deal, but if only the quality was as good as the price. Can't have the bet of both worlds right?. . I had a soup, which was Cream of Mushroom at the time. A bit watered down and lacked salt, but not too bad. The steak is where they just went downhill, but I really wasn't expecting anything better from such a place. It lacked any marination, was all burnt on the outside, and was just overall bland and charred. The mashed potatoes were great, though.. . Also, they may claim to be the best brewery in Vegas, but I highly dispute that. Their dark beer was heavily watered down, was way too bitter for such a beer, and just didn't go with the meal at all.. . In conclusion, get their mashed potatoes. Everything else sucks.
I'm torn with how many stars I should give this place.  The karaoke bar is a 0 out of 5, the rest of the casino and the restaurant are 5 out of 5. . . We've been going to this place for years, namely for the $1 pints (I think they're $1.50 now, which is still super cheap).  They brew their own beer.  The Amber is my favorite...the light beer is not all that great.  Tons of gaming machines and a blackjack table.  Cocktail servers are usually pretty quick.  Also, they have a restaurant and a Metro Pizza in the casino.  Both are awesome.  The restaurant always has cheap specials, and the food is good considering the price range.  Metro Pizza always has slices ready to go, perfect after a ton of beer.  . . Now, on to the karaoke bar.  I've been to A LOT of karaoke shows in Vegas, and this is by far THE WORST.  Somehow it gets voted "best of las vegas" by the RJ every year.  They are the only place I know of that has karaoke every night of the week, and I think that's their big selling point.  The sound quality is absolutely ridiculous.  The KJ never touches anything to adjust volumes or mic settings (by the looks of it, they don't even have the equipment to do so).  This ends up in not being able to hear some people, while the really loud ones (especially drunk screaming girls) are just so overpowering that it's annoying.  They have probably the smallest karaoke song selection I've ever seen.  There's no instrumentals or bumper music in between the singers, so it goes from super loud shitty quality sound to dead silence while waiting for the next singer to get up.  I was there 3 hours and sang 2 songs.  By the way, tipping the KJ does nothing at all.  No matter the offer, she won't bump you up in rotation even a few spots, or stay past the end time whatsoever.  "November Rain" by GNR somehow got cut from 8 1/2 minutes to 4 1/2.  Then during "Sad But True" by Metallica, I replaced one of othe lyrics with the f-bomb, and you would have thought I was a terrorist or something.  Security came up to me and said "sir, did you see that lyric on the screen? No, then you need to leave".  So, good luck if you want to sing songs like Cee-Lo's F-you, Tenacious D's F-Her Gently, Lonely Island's I'm On a Boat, or any of the adult parodies like Summer Nights or With Legs Wide Open.  I would understand if it were a family environment, but you have to be 21 to even get in the karaoke bar.  And it's shut off from the rest of the casino in such a way that you can only hear the karaoke from inside the karaoke bar area. . . I'd much rather take my business to one of the PT's Pubs karaoke nights, where the hosts are upbeat and they actually enjoy being there.  Also, the sound equipment is professional with a full mixer board for the music & mics.  And the song selection is literally 10X what Ellis Island has.  Sahara/Decatur on Saturdays is one of my favorites.  In short, go to Ellis Island if you want cheap drinks , gambling, and good food, but STAY AWAY if you're looking for karaoke!!
Service was SLOW! Remember folks, there's a reason the steak special is $7.99. Stay away from it. Food came out cold. Nachos were blase', but the beer was good.
Well we went with intentions on belting out some great tunes while drinking some great drinks. Unfortubately, the catalogue is dated, and the bar is smoky as all hell (expected). However, after giving the DJ a nice tip & song request our turn NEVER happened. The same people were called up on stage drunk out of their minds (to be expected) to sing; were talking 4-5 times.. Kind of made us wonder, why weren't we called? Hmmm... Nevertheless, we won't go back, were still looking for a great Karaoke bar that will allow us the opportunity to have a great time.
came here at 3am. everyone was falling asleep! it's a place to go to after a good nite of clubbing when you want cheap steak.. . 4.99 steak and eggs. nuff said. . actually. My steak and the rest of my friends steak were not cooked to order. I ordered medium rare I got Well. Everyone else order medium and got Well. I think next time I go I'll order rare or raw and hope it comes out medium rare just how I like it.
[This review is primarily for the cafe that's inside the casino]. . A small and dark casino, which had more of a bar-like atmosphere.. . In the back, there is this small cafe that's open 24hrs; a small diner feel. The service was sub-par; our waitress got one side dish wrong, took a while to get our drinks, and was hard to flag down when we wanted our check. Though this loud (and picky) table behind us was driving me nuts and probably making the waitress' job crazy. The place was cramped, with tables crowded against each other.. . Ordered the $7.99 filet steak deal. The meal came with the choice of beer or root beer. When asked if we could substitute the drink, she said no (not without a fee at least). Really? *sigh* Aside from that, great value (also came with side salad and 2 sides). I ordered a Texas burger ($8.99), which only came with one side and no drink, so my meal ended up costing more than the steak meal. It's a large-portioned chili cheeseburger, and was decent enough. Should have got the steak.... . A good bang for your buck, foodwise. I was expecting more out of this place though as far as ambiance and service. If you do decide to dine here, sign up for their player's card (other end of the casino) and get $10 in free slot play (for new members only).
I couldn't even detect the hops in what they assured me was the IPA. The rare sirloin was the rarest rose. The breakfast burrito was good. Service was quite friendly. Smoky atmosphere, of course.
I came here on a saturday afternoon and it was my first time there. HOUR AND A HALF WAIT?!?! There was a big long booth and 4 tables open? You kidding me? . . I'd like to give zero stars on the service because let me tell you, I have never experience the type of service they were giving that day. Dora, the hostess had an attitude on her. Every so often I would check about how much longer until our number will be called and she said "I am sorry I cannot give you that estimiate because it depends on how fast people eat." Really?. Then our number was skipped because she said they had to get the table ready but there was two other tables ready, I didn't understand it. I saw a customer trying to ask her a question and she turned her back at him and was like you need to go talk to your waiter and the customer was so upset, he just walked away. I think Dora should brush up on her customer service skills and be a little more happier next time. . . I gave 2 stars and put up with the wait because I heard the food was worth it. In the end I was very satified with the food but it just didn't seem like a happy environment. The place seemed stressed out.
We had a late breakfast at Ellis with each of us ordering easy over eggs, wheat toast and breakfast potatoes.  The meal and service were pretty good though just a little less so than on recent visits.  . . A 2.5 rating would be appropriate.
Cheap beers is the main reason to come here...I think?  $2 for a 20 oz "microbrew."  Unfortunately, the beers I tried (IPA and Amber) were nuttin' special.  $2 is a fair price.. . The craps table was closed at about 11 pm on a Friday night.  We had a group of 5 people just dying to lose some money playing craps.  They still wouldn't open the table, and were all put off that we would even dare ask.  Hmph!  Undeterred, we played a bit of blackjack...until the pit boss told us the table was going to be closed after that deck.  What the heck!  This is the only casino in Vegas that will actively try to not take your money, no matter how badly you want to get rid of it.. . We took our business elsewhere.  Mediocre beers, dummies running the tables, and tons and tons of cigarette smoke.  I don't have a reason to go back.
Well. What can I say about Ellis Island.  Trashy casino slightly off the strip.  Let's break this down.. . First, I stopped by several years ago with my fam bam because Dad read that they had good pizza at Metro Pizza. My mom put onefoot in the door and immediately turned around and said let's go.  We'll get back to this.. . I came again around 7am a few nights ago for some steak and eggs, recommended by the valet at Artisan Boutique Nightclub/Hotel, and by our cab driver.  This is apparently where every cab driver comes for their steak and eggs, $5.99.  The food was nothing to write home about, very standard.  Clientele was ALL cab drivers, divided into various ethnic groups, telling outrageous cab stories.  I did feel a little awkward, my friend and I being the only girls in there for awhile, and being stared down by the cab drivers.  The waitress was attentive, and she knew the cabbies like regulars.  We easily scored a cab home (this comment will make sense in a bit).  I would have rather gone to the Peppermill.. . The next night we came back to sample the pizza (since my dad said it was good years ago) and check out the karaoke bar.  Metro Pizza is 2 for 1 large pizza's on Sundays. Good deal if you ask me.  There is however, no place to sit and eat your pizza.  You can sit in the adjacent booths only after 10pm, because they are really only for the BBQ place.  I thought the pizza was pretty good, but I would have rather had it delivered to my room.. . The real irony came when we were unable to find a taxi after our pizza feast. Not a single one to be found. There were 20+ drivers there not 14hrs ago! We walked to the hotel next door, and they called a cab for us and some other folks.  One showed up about 25 minutes later, and he told us to walk to the 7-11, that there were 2 sitting there. Make sure you have a ride home, because this place is not on the regular taxi circuit.. . To sum it up, I would not come back unless I had to, and I would have their pizza delivered to my lazy butt.
Since writing my initial review, I have been in conversation with a representative of Ellis Island who has offered to make things right during my next Vegas trip. Not sure when that would be but they did reach out and make the offer, so that's something anyway. Shows that someone there is concerned with how costumers are treated so maybe next time.......
scary.. . pretty damn scary.. . I know this is Vegas but these are the places where you can feel the gambling addiction running through the place like a current, the crowd was tense, manic and the smell of desperation wafted through stronger than the pumped in air over the smoke.. . I feel bad to write this to be honest, the staff I spoke to before we went were really nice but once we slipped inside, this place was WHACK!. . You know those movies where people are just 'in the background' trying to not look at the camera? Well those people come and sing karaoke and gamble here.. . We slid in on a weeknight around 11pm to see about karaoke and found that the book was pretty sparse.  The singers were taking it all WAY too seriously for a place like this and the host said it'd be an hour or more to get on the rotation.. . Um, not for us, sorry.
OK, moving it to two stars because the Marketing Manager at Ellis Island sent me a note that he's looking into what happened with Carrie D. . . I'll keep you posted!
Yelping around Vegas for some delicious craft beer, I came across Ellis Island Casino & Brewery.  We had some time to kill before check-in at our hotel so we wandered over here for some quick gambling and drinking to get the party started.  The place is a typical, old, off-strip casino.  The vibe is old and stale but it's nice that it's off the grid and cheap.  I sat at the bar and asked if they had samples of their beer so I could try them all and the bartender basically laughed at me.  I settled for a house brewed IPA in lieu of having ALL THE BEERS and was asked for $2.  $2 for a 20 ounce beer?!?  HEAVEN!  And then I tried it...it wasn't a BAD beer by any means, but it certainly wasn't anywhere near hoppy enough to be considered an IPA for me.  There was just not much flavor and it basically tasted like an everyday lighter ale.  Would I rather drink a $2 house brewed craft beer, albeit without hops, as opposed to a shitty domestic for $5 elsewhere?  HELL YES.  But I definitely wouldn't make the trip back out here just for the beer.
What the hell, yelpers! I thought maybe the power of 4 stars and over 700 reviews could compel me to love this place. But I couldn't get past how amazingly terrible this place was! No matter how heavily intoxicated or hungover you are, eating here will still be a mistake.. . Now don't get me wrong, I came in here with a positive attitude. Who wouldn't be excited for a legit meal that would cost me less than $10 especially in Vegas! So we wait about 45 minutes before we're finally seated. While walking through the restaurant to the back portion (to fit all 12 of us), I noticed half of the place was empty. So I was unsure as to why we waited 45 minutes for a table. Nevertheless, I brushed that aside, retaining my hope and ready for my 4 star meal. We all ordered the steak special. Simple right? Well no, because we waited an hour and a half for all our food. We were starving at this point. And when the food finally came, I just wanted to eat. Except, my knife could barely cut through my steak. It was so well done that the slab of meat on my plate was just hot rubber. I managed to eat half of my meal because I needed something to just keep my stomach as ease. But I was definitely not satisfied. Come to think of it, I don't think anyone at our table was happy with their meal. Some of my friends even went over the gas station next door to buy a bag of chips because of the emptiness Ellis Island left us with.. . What's terrible here? The service, the food, the wait, the food. Just disappointed all around. But hey, have another star Ellis Island for being such an affordable place for people to come eat and gamble. Just don't expect me to come around again.
People that rate this place high are cheap! It's a $8 steak with slow service to say the least! I only went off a friends recommendation! Bottom line you get what you pay for!!
I can't begin to understand how the ratings for this place are so high. The food doesn't even live up to mediocre andthe surroundings; just gross. This is where Vegas visitors go to cry in their drinks. The only reason I give as high as two stars is because the servers were so nice and very quick.
No idea how this place gets such high ratings. Service is terrible, slow, uninformative, no follow up, not good.  Food was average.
Went back for the first time in awhile to join a person I'd never met (trust me, relevant). The food was delicious, but when it came time to get the check the waitress said that a new policy had been implemented where they don't split checks.. . I had come here to meet a complete stranger and when I was told I'd have to split the check (not pay for mine and he his) I was really uncomfortable. We both only had credit cards and my meal was more expensive so I was totally against this person paying for any of my meal (for other reasons).. . The waitress went and got the manager while the person I was dining with had gone to the bathroom. She immediately asked in broken English 'Where he go?' I was like, why do you need to know that? She kept pressing until finally I said, it's not really any of your business, but he went to the restroom. The next question in the interrogation was 'who paying for this? You must pay.' I thought I misheard her just accuse me of trying to steal, but she repeated it and I was sure then that she thought we were going to walk out on the check. . . I have never been accused of trying to walk on a check before (especially when I'm sitting there with a credit card in my hand), and I never will again because I will never go back here. . . Terrible service. UGH.
This review is only in regards to Metro Pizza delivery service.  Read my previous review if you are interested in the Cafe/Steak special.. . I work down the street in one of the large hotels on Harmon.  This is a 5min drive...10min if you catch every light on a Sunday night.. . I placed the order, and was told 45min-1hr ETA,  After an hour and fifteen, I call back and get the same hostess/order taker.  I ask if she has any idea if my food was on the way.  She tells me there was a mix up with the order, that they were busy, and that my food was being cooked as we spoke.. . Really??  So it isn't even on it's way yet??  So I get told that it will be another 30min for my order.  So obviously I am mad, and she says she will take off some of the food  (about $6 worth) and add some extra rootbeers.  Still was thinking about cancelling the order, but I was starving and decided to go forward.. . Food finally gets here, almost 2hrs after I initially phoned in.  Was the food worth it?. . I ordered the San Gennaro (meatball) pizza, and it was not very awesome.  It probably tastes a lot better fresh and in restaurant, but by the time I got it at work, it was soggy in the middle and the sauce is lacking taste.  Meatballs weren't bad, but nobody wants soggy pizza.. . The wings and fries were mildly warm, the fries a bit undercooked and had that slightly starchy taste.  I was not a fan.. . The rootbeer is awesome as always though.  They send it to you w/o ice, and a cup of ice on the side, so it doesn't get watered down.  Thoughtful!  Probably shouldn't add a star for this, but I did.. . Too bad the rest of the experience was bad.  I have guests ask me where to order pizza all the time, and I am sorry to say, I won't be sending them back here again.
My friend and I were headed to an event at the T&M center Monday, and I requested a stop before we got there for a couple of quick craft brews. He suggested Ellis Island Casino, which brews its own beer onsite. It sounded like a good idea. I remembered the name of the casino from my last trips to Vegas 4-5 years ago, but couldn't place it. And then he pulled into the lot and I said to myself  "Oh, it's THIS place". . Ellis Island Casino and Brewery is a small, divey casino off the strip with a Super 8 attached to it. Classy. My friend digs dive spots, and I don't have a problem with them ... but I was skeptical about the quality of their beer and tempered my expectations. Which was a good idea, because the beer was a disappointment.. . They offer five house-made brews of standard varieties - Light, Amber Ale, Weiss, Stout, and IPA. I started with the IPA and noticed that it had absolutely NO flavor. How can an IPA have NO flavor? I thought maybe he poured the wrong beer, but I saw him pour from the IPA tap. Maybe the lines were mixed up with the light? This would have been acceptable for a light beer - it was crisp and not unpleasant tasting. Rather, it was just flavorless.   . . After chugging it down, I went for the stout. This was a better choice, but still just an average stout at best. It reminded me more of a porter than a stout, and similar to Yeungling's porter. Acceptable, but nothing to write home about. . . My friend, like many Vegas locals, love this place. And I kinda dig the seedy, divey vibe as well. And he says their house-made root beer is outstanding (I have never tried it). But the beer was disappointing. If that was really their IPA, then they need a reality check on what a true IPA is supposed to be. . . If you're looking for a microbrewery in a casino, Triple 7 downtown is the way to go, not Ellis Island.
I sit here in the Cafe at Ellis Island Brewery listening to Ricky Martin on the stereo wondering how some 700 of my fellow yelpers have deemed this establishment to be of 4 star quality. . . Coming in the late morning - it is Vegas after all and the only people awake in time for breakfast have not yet slept from the day before - I was hoping to have some eggs and potatoes. The normal breakfast menu was no longer being served and the only option was the Bacon and eggs. Being a Vegetarian I was offended by this and asked for a substitution, which was not allowed. I ordered it anyway with instruction that bacon not be brought out. The potatoes were terrible but the eggs were fine and the toast was over buttered. I had two beers while I was here. The first was the Amber Ale which was a true to style amber. The second beer I ordered was the IPA. Now the IPA, let me put it this way; I had to ask the waiter after a couple sips that he hadn't accidentally brought me the Light beer.  I then later also had the stout - while I played a hand of black jack - which was again a below average stout, no creativity: no wood aging or bourbon or dry hops nothing to make it stand out.  . . But to get back to my wonderment of the 4 stars by my fellow yelpers; I fully understand the appreciation of this restaurant. The service was great, Alex was my server and he was extremely polite and attentive. The hostess was at the least bilingual and seemed to know some of the guests by name. Every guest that I could see in the restaurant was enjoying their meal and their company. . . When I started this review I had given this restaurant 1 stars but I bumped it up to 2 while I wrote this review.   I would tell all vegetarians or health conscious people to avoid this place, but if you want a good price on a steak and want to be welcomed with open arms than please come here. True beer lovers should also avoid this place given that there is good beer to be had in this town.  I am judging their beer by only three of the five brewed in house.
I have come here many times in the past but am now starting to notice a trend. They are slowly starting to go downhill.. . Today's meal consisted of a chewy prime rib, undercooked green beans and a rock hard baked potato. . . I sure they start to turn around again.
I had a burger. It was... A burger!
I used to love Ellis Island because of the great beer and cheap prices for pretty good food. Things have changed though. When I was there in March 2013, they had raised the price for their steak dinner and one could only get the steak dinner special price with a coupon which I didn't have. I was not allowed to be seated in the bar during their dinner hours because there wasn't enough servers, I was told. One person...not enough servers?! It's just not worth it anymore. They let the good reviews go to their head.
I came here because I thought with all the great reviews on Yelp it would be a decent place to eat. . . Much to my disappointment it was below mediocre. I ordered the top loin steak with eggs. My steak came in hard , dry, and close to leather. I asked for medium - well done. . . I think the saving grace was the waitress who seemed sweet and gave good service. . . The ambience of the cafe area was dark, dingy , old and leaving something left to be desired. . . I will take Yelp reviews in Vegas with a grain of salt from now on.
This place was close to my hotel and I went here because a local said that this place had loose slots.  I walked it and it was dungy, dirty with a lot of shady looking people.  I thought about eating or having a beer but everything looked grungy and nothing looked appetizing.  When I left, a shady character stopped me and asked if I wanted "Party favors".  I was alone and on foot so it was intimidating.  I wouldn't go back here.
Some of my girlfriends coworkers recently invited us to join them here to sing karaoke. . . Many years ago this was a great little place called the Village Pub. That was back in the 70s. I once had dinner with Joyce Dewitt here.. . Well the days of dining with celebrities here are long gone. Let's flash ahead 30 plus years to my current review.. . I work down on the strip and knowing the kind of riff raff that hangs out around here I wasn't expecting much from this experience. As soon as I stepped into the place my expectations were fulfilled. The place was dingy and crowed with the typical prostitutes, drug pushers, losers and other assorted parasites of society you'd expect to see in a bad part of town.. . The place has the worst sound system of any karaoke bar I've ever visited.. . The staff was slow and seemed bored with their jobs.. . Despite all these positive attributes I think I'll refrain from visiting again.
$6 steak and eggs? Obviously people who get excited about this deal aren't from LA's San Gabriel Valley. The Chinese cafes around here offer $5 steaks and that comes with pasta, steamed veggies, soup and salad. I guess in Vegas, $6 steak is a big whoop so I landed here with a large group around 4am after a night of partying.. . Our server was nice and patient. I ordered a medium rare steak with over easy eggs. While the eggs were cooked perfectly, my steak came out medium well. The steak was too dry. I was not going to send a $6 steak back at 4:30am so I ended up putting a lot of sauce on it to make it palatable.. . The worst part is the asshole security guy who was rude to me. I walked in with my shoes on and took them off under the table because I had been wearing them clubbing all night. He was reprimanding someone else who walked through the casino barefooted and saw my feet under the table and started pointing at my face and raised his voice at me to put my shoes on. I, remaining true to my nature, gave him some choice words about his rudeness and utilized appropriate profanity to make sure he was clear about my anger level. Luckily for him he backed off before I went even more ape shit on him.. . Am I coming back here? If I find myselfwith another group of 20 and they want to come, sure I would force myself to come back. I, however, will not be suggesting this place or have any desire to come back.
Prices great, didnt realize it was attached ti a Super 8
I only had breakfast at the restaurant. I ordered an omelette and they charged me for Salsa.  I always order omelette's when I go to a restaurant and I've never had a restaurant charge me for that.  It's no different than ketchup or steak sauce.  There is no excuse for them to be charging for salsa.  My family and I will not go back until they change that policy and stop taking advantage.
This was our first stop this past weekend.  We walked in, starving, hoping for some awesome cheap steak and prime rib.  . . The place was pretty empty when we got there, around 4pm on friday.  . . Server was friendly.. I wanted the steak and eggs but its only available from 11pm-11am.. figures.. . Server points out the $8.99 sirloin steak special but says that i need a coupon which i can get for signing up for a players card... after some thinking, i decide to get the card.  Pretty easy, 5 minutes and i was done.  Anyways, the special comes with a 8oz sirloin, mashed potatos, green beans, a soup or salad, and also a beer.  NIce! . . GF got the $13.99 king cut prime rib. . Food comes out and my steak while cooked perfectly, is pretty tough.  The prime rib is also served as requested but i guess it cooked itself sitting on the plate because after about 3-4 bites, the pink color started to go away.. . Prime rib was definitely better than my steak.  Mashed potatoes were the best thing we had but probably cuz of the salty gravy.  . . Overall, i can see the hype but I wouldn't come out of my way to come here again... I was expecting a $5.99 steak and eggs as other yelpers mentioned.
Meh.. Pork chop with eggs was dry. Bread had a very salty butter. Buddies steak was good. Don't care to go back.
Very smoky! We came to try the brews ($2) and they were just OK, definitely not worth a special trip.  The heffeweizen, amber and IPA were served in plastic cups, and all of the beers were very monotone in flavor with little to distinguish them. All also had a slightly off aftertaste.  There were booths on the side of the casino to sit in. It was a Thursday so pizza was 1/2 priced, but it was just ok also.  Overall, very mediocre and while sitting in the 'nonsmoking' section for ~10minutes I started getting a head ache because the little casino had really poor ventilation.  I had to leave, and I definitely wouldn't recommend coming back.
Baby... Ellis Island,. . So you've decided to get a divorce and take away my deals??. . You had me at $4.99 when we met in 2010. Sure, we argued and I put up with your $3 increase by 2011 when you knew I was returning from a long hiatus. But now, you decided to pull a fast one and take it all away?. . No... you've decided to be the hot one and call me out, keeping my babies of steak & eggs away and needing to sell out $12.99 for some even at 3AM?! You've just gone mad now. You've changed. WE'VE CHANGED. And now you've gone way too far.. . I found a new one to spend my nights of meat cravings elsewhere. One that understands me and knows I want a $4 steak deal after getting a little bit tipsy.. . It's over.. . Love,. Andy. . PS: You were never that good anyway. I've had better meat in my mouth...
