From a "sleeping in a hotel" perspective, this place is a letdown. The staff was polite and everything, but the rooms weren't that impressive. I continue to think that these type of hotels are wasted on me, as I expect the price to mean nicer surroundings, and not just have the price be a reflection of the location.. . The room was fine, but a little shabby, a la the Westin in Seattle. Scarred furniture, pieces missing, worn out chairs/seat cushions, that sort of thing. The bed was comfy, although in an attempt to drive me crazy, they don't have fitted sheets - and the flat sheet the did use in it's place wasn't long enough to cover the bed or was applied incorrectly, as where my feet ended up, there was no sheet covering a rather scratchy mattress pad.. . The wireless internet was so slow that you couldn't even get your computer to load their "accept the terms and conditions" page. Thinking it was the fault of the wireless, I tried wired - nope. Same problem. When my tethered cell phone is orders of magnitude faster, that's really unfortunate.. . I was excited for the TV in the bathroom - SportsCenter while I shave. But no - it was broken. No signal/didn't turn on/something like that. I didn't take it down off the wall to check cable connections, as they were inaccessible, and I left my toolbelt at home. Also, please note the most expensive addition yet to the list ofHotels Without Proper Bathroom Ventiliation. The toilet was in a very small, claustrophobic room with no fan at all. Kind of interesting.. . The final straw for me was the carpet - this horrible berber stuff that I assume was made of stainless steel wire. I know this sounds really hoity toity and nit picky, but it actually hurt my feet. The carpet had patches of a much more confortable, plush, leopard print design...and for an entire week, once I got back to the room and took my shoes off to relax...I found myself hopping around, playing the "floor is made of lava" game as a 27 year old.. . I'm not a Vegas guy - it's cool, but I don't gamble or drink, so most of the appeal is lost on me. And thus, I don't think I'd be back of my own volition anytime soon. That said, if I am ever back, I hope it's not here.
My husband and I stayed at Mandalay Bay for a recent trip to Vegas. We got a spa suite 750 for 3 nights. When we checked in and went up to our non-smoking room we found it WREAKED of smoke. We called down to the desk and asked to be switched rooms only to receive a shrewd "NO we have nothing available" No apologies, nothing. They offered to send up an air freshener. AN AIR FRESHENER? Really? Absolutely not. We asked to speak to a manager and got the most short, to the point, almost robotic answers from the most unhelpful and unapologetic manager I have ever come into contact with. We were told "you can either down grade or deal with it" um its Vegas there are plenty of rooms, upgrade us... "no way not a chance" after going  back and forth with this lady she offered for us to switch rooms the next day but couldn't guarantee a non-smoking room.... THAT WAS THE WHOLE POINT. Then she said they could send someone up to "purify the air" but we would have to leave the room for an hour and a half. Grrrrrr..... so we obliged. I can't sleep in a smoke haze. No drink comps while we waited, no pro-rating our room for our time missed, still no apology. All this after an 11 hour drive there. I can tell you, I am one person that will not be spending money on a room at Mandalay Bay ever again! Terrible service, smelly hallways, no chairs at the pool, and the slowest elevators in Vegas.... lame. Stay somewhere else, don't spend your hard earned money here.
Mandalay Bay is becoming a shell of its former self. It's supposed to be one of the higher-end hotel on the Strip, but this was my second stay there in a few months, and wow...not good. I will say a lot of this wasn't addressed because I was there only for a night, but had I stayed longer, I would have taken housekeeping and management to task over what I found lacking.. . However, that shouldn't deter from the fact that these were problems that weren't addressed before I checked into the room.. . At check-in, though the gal was efficient, rude and cold much? Barely looking up from the computer, she barely exuded the "welcome" Mandalay Bay prides itself on.. . Getting to the room, and wow, I was kinda disgusted. Housekeeping is apparently not a priority for the hotel anymore. Why are there rust stains around the fixtures? Why were the bulbs flickering on and off like they were about to die and not replaced immediately? Why were there stray hairs from the previous guests in the sink and shower? The best part? The water didn't drain in the shower. Gross.. . I checked out the next morning, a long line of people waiting to check out. Despite the fact that the line was growing, the number of people at the front desk didn't change.. . So then, my turn. I was not asked how my stay was, how my room was and if I was satisfied - which I found weird, considering every 3-star plus hotel front desk staff ask. Sure, he might have been harried because of the number of people trying to check out, but how is that my fault? I had to tell him the problems I encountered in my room. His response? "Oh, thanks for letting me know." Not even an apology on behalf of the hotel.. . Definitely not what I expect when staying at a high-end hotel. Believe me, I didn't expect free night or a discount or anything, I did however, expect (at a minimum) "I'm so sorry about that. I hope you'll come visit us again soon and experience something better." But, no.. . What's funny is that I got a survey a few days later asking about my experience. I debated filling it out, since I know they're rarely looked at and only want to highlight the positive things said about their properties. So, instead, decided to vent about it here.. . Needless to say, there are plenty of other high-end hotels along the Strip, and I will most likely stay there from now on unless forced to stay at Mandalay. Also, as the head hotel coordinator for various trade shows and events for work? Mandalay Bay won't be on my list.
I was VERY excited to stay at Mandalay Bay since I had heard wonderful things about their accomodations and pools etc. But it was just a HUGE let down.. . From check in it was one thing after another. We ended up making a big stink later and got a nice compensation, but we are unsure if the message was receieved that if they want to be a high-end hotel they need to start acting like one...we'll see, have some comped rooms that will hopefully change our minds in the future.
It took 45 minutes (we timed it) to get checked in.  . We stayed in a suite which turned out to be on the 3rd floor overlooking the roof.  You could not see any of the city at all.  . Then we headed for the elevators and there was a huge crowd waiting to get on.  Fortunate for us, the 3rd floor uses a different elevator, the only plus!  The rooms were not dirty, but certainly not real clean..  It is far away from the other casinos, which was not. a surprise, but certainly not a plus.  There is quite a selection of . restaurants, but again the wait at the cafe and buffet was long.. Public restrooms were filthy!!!. . This was our first and last time staying here.
I think this place is for families with kids who want to use the pool and don't mind the crowds and packed pool areas, especially over the holiday weekends. Adults traveling without kids should consider maybe another hotel, like the Wynn or Belagio. This hotel is a little out of the way to other hotels. . Note-We never ate or drank anything from the stocked refrigerator in the room but had charges when we checked out. Apparently, if you remove an item just to look at it and put it back, you will get charged for it. There is some sort of scale in the refrigerator that can tell if you remove an item. . So, check your room charges.
We stayed here for a week.  The pool is great as always.  The service really took a huge drop.  There isn't enough wait staff anywhere in the hotel.  They are short on bell desk, valet, cocktail waitress, front desk, and help on the floor.  It took sometimes 15 minutes just for the few people they had to move the cars so we could park.  The Shortage of people seemed to show in the service.  There were some exceptions but you can tell that the staff doesn't even have a second to breathe.  They are inundated and frustrated.  You can't even find security who used to always be around to ask questions or directions.  I hate to say it because I loved this place for years but it just isn't what it used to be.
Aaahh crap I think Cosmo spoiled me. We down grade this time around since my friend can only get Mandalay bay from his company expense account. . So let's get to it.. . Pros:. Decent room.. Comfortable bed. Buffet's coffee was fantastic. Can someone hook me up with their coffee brand? . Cheap room rate. . Cons:. Long long wait at the elevator. Lots of family. Terrible poker room. No AC in the elevator
I stayed here from 8/13-8/17 2011. The pros are the pool and some good restaurants. The major con is that during our entire stay our room was NEVER cleaned. The carpets and bedskirt were dirty. Would NOT stay here again.
They have 9 elevators and only 2-3 will work so there's always a line and over crowded elevators. Rooms have no circulation and room service suck! Hotel is way too far from everything. I will never stay there again!
Mandalay Bay used to be my fav hotel to stay in. I came here last weekend with a group of friends....omg, the rooms are so filthy now! The sheets had hair, the whole room is just old....they need a renovation!  We tried to check out on Monday pm....they had about 5-6 ppl at the front registering....there were a few ppl standing in the back (doing what???) there's lines and we had to wait at least 20 min! Now, I know there is such thing called Express checkout but I had questions as to why the bill is more. So I had no choice but to stand in the long lines. I think each person took about 10 min to register. Oh, I total forgot about the Buffet here. OMG, don't eat at their Buffet...NASTY!! We tried the dinner buffet, snow crab was warm (isn't it supposed to be cold?)
Overall bad experience...just stayed this past wknd, .took 15 min to check in when only two people were in front of me, two working elevators the whole wknd, took 15-20 min to go up or down, .... employees are not friendly, pools were cool but not enough space to relax, free buffet wasn't anything special,  room was ok not worth the price, bathroom was nice, and spacious almost as big as the room, pizza from room service sucked.... would never stay here again.
Overall 2 stars.. . Elevators- 0 stars.  We had to wait a VERY long time and often they arrived FULL.  People very getting very irritable and it seemed that only a few were working over the holiday weekend.  . . Room- 4 stars.  Nice, clean, comfortable, good view.  Downside, we requested a fridge.. hard to get someone to answer the phone and then they wanted to charge us $35 per night to bring the fridge.  . . Workout- 1 Star. We paid an extra resort fee to include our workout.  We then discovered this only includes a cardio room which was busy and included no weights.  They wanted us to pay 25$ extra to visit the weight room located near the spa.  They should tell you this when you make reservations. . . Food- 3 stars.  The Japanese restaurant had a happy hour and the portions were tiny. and food was just okay. The service was terrible and we sat at the bar. The seats were terribly uncomfortable. .  Then we ate at the burger place and it was delicious with good service.. . Pool- 4 stars.  The wave pool is cool.. too bad they don't host some games out by the pool.  The service was good, the sand was nice.  . . Location- 3 stars. Easy to get in and out of. Valet was very quick.. and they kept our stuff we had to store in the car safe. It is a bit far from the rest of the strip.
It's a nice hotel, the biggest draw obviously being the pool area. With multiple pools, lots of seating (although no shade unless you pay an arm and a leg for it), and a beach, it's a great area to hang around on a sunny afternoon.. . The hotel itself is decorous. It also has great food options (I enjoyed breakfast at Raffles) and bar options. Both items are very important for a Vegas hotel. . . The carpeting in the room itself was in desperate need of a good cleaning or replacement. I do not really want to be reminded of the years of partying that it has endured.... . Also, as numerous reviews below have mentioned - the elevators at times took FOREVER. I thought people were exaggerating. No, they were not - and I have been in Vegas for multiple New Years Eves when there are masses of people trying to get to their rooms - this was worse.. . The reason for only 2 stars, and my biggest complaint, was our check-in experience, and our overall customer service at this hotel. The woman that checked us in was very rude to us (making fun of our name!), not helpful when asking about upgrades (yes, I was trying to give them more money!), and then gave us the wrong room number!! After waiting an hour to get an elevator to go to our room to find that someone else was already in that room, we had to trek it all the way back to the desk, where she insisted we were mistaken and we should try again! Then, after looking at her computer says, "oops, I was a number off". And then essentially pushes us off to help the next guest. I realize people make mistakes all the time, no biggie, but a simple "sorry for that" would have gone a LONG way.. . We experienced more rude workers at the pool, valet and our service at Raffles was beyond slow. . . All in all, I have stayed at most hotels on the strip (from the Imperial Palace to Encore), and this was the worst for customer service. Why spend the money to stay there when there are so many other options that still value customer satisfaction??
I expected more out of this when i stayed over a year ago here.. Wasn't impressed at all, the Bellagio had better rooms and even that hotel is an "eh". The account service is HORRIBLE to work with!!!!. There friendly BUT do not help you when it comes to returns and phone calls returned.. not even after literally MONTHS of calling every other day or so!, you figure they would help when THEY made the mistake of charging me twice.. be extra cautious and avoid the situation.
It's tired.  It has thin walls.  The staff doesn't abide by their own green policies and will change your linens every day.  Said linens smell oddly of coffee candies.  Their idea of removing down from a room is to drop off a bunch of non down pillows on top of all the down pillows and down comforter on the bed.  The mini bar isn't fully stocked, which seems odd - why leave holes?  The stuff that is there seems old (the chocolate I opened had clearly melted at some point and resolidified).  The elevators take FOREVER and the doors rarely close unless you hold the door close button.  I dunno, if you get a good rate I'm sure it's worth it, but I'm not chomping at the bit to come back.  THE Hotel however, that's a horse of a different color. . . .
Room: Nice. . . Casino: Ok. . Room Elavators: SLOW. It took us every day about 10-30 mins just to get to our room from the casino level. The worst.   . . Eye Candy Bar: TERRIBLE Service. Bartenders ARROGANT and drinks expensives. $8.00 for a botttle of Coors Light. Ouch!!. . Red Square, China Grill: Good happy hour drinks and food.. . Lupo Restaurant: Great food and service. Nice portions. . . Irish Pub: Terrible service and food was greasy and bad. Bad choice.. . Valet Parking: The worst. Waited in a long line several days returning from meetings at least 20-30 mins waiting for vallet service to park. Pick up was great. . . Fitness Center: Cardio room free. Not great. The real gym is at The Hotel and $15.00 per day to work out. Rip off. . . Foundation Room (Top of Hotel Bar): Boring and not worth a look. They do have a 2 for 1 card from 6-10pm. Nice place but just a weird vibe and boring. Go to another place for bar scene. A bunch of "Meathead/Monster drinking/Tattoo guys" in place.
Never back to Mandalay Bay. . it's the 3rd time to Vegas and this time me and my wife wanted to relax in a nice swimming pool. So we thought that Mandalay Bay was ideal with the salty water swimming pool that makes waves and the sand beach.. we didn't imagined that chaos! tons of people with kids and stuff to eat....chairs one close to the other, no space at all! you see people on the elevator wearing the swim suit only....is it nice?!?! what kind of people stay at Mandalay Bay?!?. also, there are very few elevators for the 3 buildings meaning that the waiting time to get on the elevator is very long! no way to wait 25 minutes to get on a packed elevator to reach the room. never, never again.. the room itselt was nice, no complains.
Don't see any shows here. Bought tickets to see Lion King and they told me they did not have my tickets at box office. Come to find out the box office person was not trained  to look for my tickets that were paid for in advance. Who knows if I will ever get my money back. Don't know if the rest of the hotel works the same way. May be risky to find out.
If you are a boring Midwesterner's who thinks Holiday Inn is a nice hotel chain, then you will probably love this place. Bring your wife/husband and talk about it for the next 10 years with all of your friends. . . If you are not boring, you probably already know not to stay here- I didn't have a choice, was staying with a group of people for the Marathon. . . When we first checked in and got to our room- none of the beds had been made, there was still trash from the previous person, and many things were out of place, no glasses, etc. I called down to roomservice and they gave me a lame excuse. The only other room they had open was a smoking, so no thanks. . . Bedrooms are not ideal if you are staying with a co-worker or someone else you don't know well. The bathroom doors are slanted like blinds and there is no internal fan so . if you are with someone you don't know well you're gonna be turning into one of those people who mysteriously turns on the water when they are using the toilet. . . The casino is like every other casino, it's unfortunate the outfits that the bar girls have to wear- they are pretty unflattering, which seems like it should be a hard accomplishment. But you'll get drunk and broke just like every other place.. . I did see Carrot Top in a hallway, good thing I don't have children to scare. (also, I've never had to type out Carrot Top before... his name seems way worse when writing it.)
**Hotel Room Review Only**. . In a word, our 2-day stay at Mandalay Bay was disappointing.. . My wife and I booked a Deluxe King room for the Thanksgiving Holiday and our rooms - yes, that's plural - had several issues. . . 1. Two different rooms were too warm for a good night's sleep. The thermostat is directly under the air vent, so the rest of the room doesn't cool properly. (See the photo I posted...poor design.) We woke up without sheets or blankets both nights. . . 2. The plumbing has big problems. If anyone showers or uses the toilet in the rooms around yours, the plumbing in YOUR room gurgles loudly. Amazingly, the staff admitted they know about this problem...and it happened on floors 11 and 12, so the issue seems widespread. . . 3. The walls are thin and you can hear activity (talking, coughing, TV, etc) in the rooms next to yours. I expect a lot more from a hotel in this price range.. . To their credit, after the first night, the staff quickly agreed to move us to a new room on a different floor. They also gave us a $50 restaurant credit, which was nice, but did not make up for the loss of a night's sleep.. . The rooms are large and the bathrooms very nice, but the beds and pillows are average and the other problems overshadow the good things.. . I suggest you book your Vegas stay elsewhere. We won't be back.
I am nearing the end of my 2 day stay today. To be fair I would rather give them a 2.5 star but with this experience I would rather round up.. . I traveled to Las Vegas as a christmas present for my brother. He needed a vacation so I drove him. I have been pretty dissapointed with this stay. My 9 year old with autism traveled with us also.. . The check in experience was very quick. We are paying that resort fee plus $55 and without all the hiccups would have been okay. The lady was nice.. . I got some really nice customer service with Sery, Amanda and Mark.  I did get some eye rolling from other people also.. . Once up in the room it looked okay. Things are worn and stained but for the money A-Okay.  Things were a little dirty on the surface of everything.. . My son takes a shower and gets ready for bed. I pull back the covers and notice glitter and hair.  Someone forgot to change the sheets.  I also noticed as I pulled down the sheets hair smack in the middle of the bed --short hair -- I shiver to think what that is from.. . It is approaching 8:30 pm and I would love to get my son in bed. I called they ordered all new bedding -- waited till 9:15 pm would love to get my son to bed -- walked down stairs suggested I change rooms and took off room for the night  plus tax. Changing rooms at 9:30 ish with a 9 year old with autism was challenging to say the least.. . We change rooms get my son settled and go to get on the internet and that  did not work. Called help desk and they said someone needed to come up to the room to get the internet working.  5 minutes to 11pm so still awake hotel engineer reset the internet. Talked to from desk took off resort fee for one night. 10 minutes after 11 my son feel asleep,. . Go to get my car in the morning from Valet stop to get gas and noticed two small dings on the side of my car with red paint on it. I have a new car -- I filed a report just for the process --. . so management deems my two dings as worth a $25,00 credit and removal of the second resort fee -- as I was talking to manager re dents he offers to call shark reef to set it up so visit to santa in shark reef is painless I just have to go to shark reef will call and give them my name.. . I made the trek with my son across to shark reef go the will call to discover they have no clue who I am -- we left disappointed.  . All these little things have let up to a huge disapointment -- I would spend my money elsewhere --. . on the plus side - huge bathroom son loved bathtub hence the 1/2 of extra star!
Pros: The suite was large compared to the hotel standard. Room was designed nicely. Bathroom was very large, two separate sinks, toilet in its own room, TV in the bathroom, shower, and my favorite part: the jacuzzi bath tub. I'm 6'6" so having a tub that's big enough for me to soak in was very convenient.. . Cons: The thermostat was right underneath the only vent in the room, so it was pretty cold and took all night to warm up. The bed was sub-par and not all that comfortable. The walls were pretty thin, evidenced by the fact that I can hear conversations going on in the next room over. And I could hear the gurgling noises of the pipes in the rooms above and next to us. It was pretty crowded, it took almost 30 minutes on the day that I left to get my car back from the valet service. Most things that come standard in hotels (silverware, cups, plates, Wi-Fi, newspaper) you had to pay for. Having to pay for plates and cups was pretty darn ridiculous.. . Overall, the suites were acceptable but this would not be my first choice for a hotel suite on the strip.
Drink all day, play all night, let's get it bumpin'! We're in Las Vegas, Trick!. . So the wifey and I found some pretty sweet deals on flights and decided to hop over to Las Vegas to chill-lax. After spending a week trying to find the best deal, we decided on Mandalay Bay. We got the rooms for 150/night + 100 promotional food credits. We've seen better deals, but because of the Chinese New Year's festivities, it was the best we could find. . . The casino was easy to navigate and rooms were pretty spacious, but I do have a couple minor rants. . . 1. My biggest complaint in the room are the doors. They auto-close, so if you're not nimble, you'll get smacked in face. Also, some people like to poop with the door open. I happen to enjoy my wife's company while going number too and I find it amusing to gross her out. It was a lot of effort to sit on the toilet and prop the door open with my leg. . . 2. Yes, this hotel is slightly older, but what's with the half-ass repairs? One of the things I noticed when I opened the curtain is the black tape around the windows to seal up the drafty windows. . . 4. I hate decorative pillows. What's the point? They're too scratchy to sleep on and I'm not going to be sitting in the room admiring them. After dumping them all on the floor, i was left with a wimpy pillow that barely fits my big head. . . 5. 28/night resort fee? Damn. If I read the fine print and realize there was a 28/night resort fee, I would have searched harder for a better deal. These fees are charged so I can use the wireless internet, plus have access to their 4 tread mills in the cardio room. Lame.. . 6. The casino was filled with older folks, so there weren't too many hoochie mamas running around where their butts hanging out. Big minus. . . 7. Their main attraction here is the shark tank, but they charge 18 bucks to get in. Personally, I think they should open this to the public and draw more people to the casino. That's just my monopoly 2 cents.  . . Overall, I thought this place was just average. There's nothing really exciting about this place and the atmosphere is really draining on the Vegas experience. I wanted to rock out with my cock out, but instead stayed in the room to watch Storage Wars on A&E. . . A little about my credentials:. I just an average joe, that travels a lot for business and pleasure. I'm an Elite Premier member for United, Gold Member for Marriott, and Gold Member for Hilton Honors Reward. I usually book hotels in the range of 130-160/night depending on location, amenities, and the year the hotel was built/renovated. I'm a pretty reasonably easy person to cater and I don't have very high expectations out of anyone.
We will see if I upgrade my review depending on whether I hear from management in the next few days.. . We were staying here because my friend works the fashion shows that are happening this week.  The rooms at Mandalay were huge, and the beds were comfy.  The pillows were terrible, but that's to be expected from hotels.  We had a good time exploring and visiting the shark tank, even though it was 18$ per person.. . HOWEVER. On our way to leave the hotel on Sunday, we realized that our tired had been slashed in the Mandalay parking garage.  We notified security, who seemed unconcerned and told us to go back to our car and wait for someone.  The person who helped us was amazing and really helpful about what to do next.  We were not the only car whose tires got slashed.  The car 2 spaces from us did as well, and we heard that cars at the Luxor also experienced the same thing.  We called AAA, and then called tire stores frantically trying to find new tires on  a Sunday.  Luckily we finally found a place that had them, but we ended up having to pay 300$ for 2 new tires and wait 3.5-4 hours to sort out the ordeal.  The Mandalay has a camera on the garage, and it was very close to our car, so I"m a little surprised that they took no responsibility for what happened.  When I called the front desk to talk about it, I was told that we would have to wait for "risk management" to call us back.  We have yet to hear anything, and plan to call them today.  I find it really ridiculous that after staying here for 2 nights and spending tons of money on things at their casino, they still seem unconcerned that our car got vandalized.  There are lots of nice hotels in Vegas, and if I knew that Mandalay didn't care about its patron's property, I likely would have stayed elsewhere.. . If risk management chooses to do the right thing and cover some of our expenses, I will happily amend this review, because the rest of our experience was really positive.  But overall its just not worth the stress and money of having your property vandalized.
Mandalay Bay has its major ups and its major downs.... . Let's start with the ups. . . -The restaurant choices are excellent. You can go hear great music at House of Blues or enjoy their Gospel Brunch on Sundays. Fleur and Aureole are spectacular and you have to check out the contraption that delivers the bottles of wine to you. I can't describe it, you just have to see it for your self.. -Nice size rooms with large bathrooms. The shower is separate from the deep whirlpool bathtub and I always enjoy double sinks when traveling with my husband.. Dual closets is a plus-plenty of room to hang your nightlife attire with lots of available hangers.. -the Bath House Spa at THEHotel (connected to Mandalay Bay) was AWESOME!! I could have stayed in there all day. I have been to several spas in my life and I would say this was one of the most unique spas to visit. If you go, you need to pay a visit to the Bath House spa.. -Majority of the staff were pleasant to deal with (even when they were messing up, they remained smiling and would apologize numerous times about the inconvenience). . Now the downs and believe me, there are some major downs... . -room was dirty when we arrived. There were stains on the sheets and comforter and pistachio nut shells on the floor. eewww!. -elevators are slow so don't wait until last minute to go anywhere. -agree with other Yelpers that the casino area could use some updating. -Now I talked about how much I loved the spa but be sure to note that it is expensive. I got a basic 45 minute pedicure there and it cost $80 plus tip and that was the cheapest pedicure possible. All the other ones with coconut cream, deluxe, etc were over $100. CRAZY!! If my lil piggies weren't in such dire need of new polish, I would have said Thanks, but No Thanks!!. -Concierge staff are super nice but when I booked my tickets over the phone before coming to Vegas, the lady booked half of the tickets on the wrong date even though the itinerary they sent me had all the tickets confirmed for the correct date. Instead of giving me a $500 credit back on to my credit card, they said they could only apply a credit to my hotel bill. I wasn't thrilled with the idea but I figured that I would probably spend about that much on my room, other shows, food, spa etc so I didn't complain too much after they said twice it wasn't possible to credit my Visa back. Well.....when it was time to check out, they had only applied the credit to food and beverage at the hotel and therefore I still had almost $300 left on there. I told the lady checking me out that this was incorrect and that concierge said it could be applied to anything in the hotel (shopping, shows, the spa, etc). I stood at the Check out desk for almost an hour while that lady and her manager were trying to work it out. Their excuse was that Concierge was a different department and they didn't share the same account, yada yada yada. I told them that I was about to miss my flight now that I have been messing with this for so long. Told them to please just email me the receipt once it has been worked out so that I could leave for the airport. . . And of course, I get the receipt and view my credit card bill and GUESS WHAT..wait for it..wait for it... it is STILL incorrect... I am sure that it is going to require at least another hour long phone call to straighten it all out...
OK so I used to love Mandalay Bay.  Now it is just so-so.  First there is a joke $28 resort fee.  And what do we get with this fee - so-so wireless internet that barely works  and a newspaper.  Uh that's it?  And it is EACH DAY.  So that is a big negative.  And then there is the horrid valet.  I waited 30 minutes each time for my vehicle.  That is a joke.  . . The place is dated and it is need of updating.  In short I think there are better places out there.  The beach is really nice and fun but that is about the only thing that is worth it really.  Beyond that it is overpriced and that resort fee is just unforgivable.
There are indeed pros and cons to this property.. PROS. For a non smoker the atmosphere within the Casino is much better than some of the other resorts - Belaggio had my eyes streaming. I am not sure why this is - probably the high ceiling and decent A?C - there may be areas where it was worse within the Casino but I was luck enough to not find them To compare - walking into Caesars I felt like I hit a wall of smoke. The other thing is that they have a fairly roomy feel to the Casino so the slots etc are not on top of each other (or you as ou walk through).. I enjoyed the shops and spent some time at Minus 5 (to be reviewed later) as well as general browsing - I recommend the bath bombs from Lush for the couples or girls - decent sized bath even in the standard room.. The room was nice and had a flat screen tv in the main room and in the bathroom (not that I used it). . Good sound insulating walls - doors are a little less good. I changed rooms here - the first room had great sound insulation - the connecting that I got moved to had noise coming through the door when the woman next door was talking on her conference call one morning,. The Spa was nice but pricey - did a couples massage that was middle of the road - nice environment though. CONS. Front desk staff are literally the worst I have EVER dealt with at any hotel - this from someone who has achieved elite level at both Hilton and Marriott. I have stayed in regular business hotels and dives but this was simple atrocious. Both Check in and check out were horrendous and not due to the lines either - this was all down to the people being the desk. On check in the woman was surly (admittedly at 3am on a Saturday morning) said we couldn't get a King, (now this is a common malaise at hotels - they don't track rooms by type but sell them by type - normally you get some professional sympathy from the front desk and some sort of apology for not being able to fit you into your desired room type with a suggestion that you call in the morning to change it - for some other reason hotels always make you initiate this change procedure too) and that was disappointing however, when i pointed  out that we had requested a king she stood mute - just refused to say anything. I had been courteous and professional to that point so it was uncalled for.. . Check out -we were supposed to get a room credit for food and beverage and didn't and they charged us a no show fee for having arrived so late (as well as charging us for the room).  The guy had to go into the back and talk to the manager for AGES to resolve this - I felt like I was buying a car!!! My guy seemed to be a new so that is understandable - why the manager kept him messing around in the back for so long was beyond me. Eventually I asked another employee if I could talk to the Resident if this was going to take more than another 5 minutes.. . Resort fee $30 per day - in room internet cost 11 dollars per day elsewhere in the country or is free. It also allegedly covers valet and the 'free' paper - I would understand a budget chain nickel and dime-ing but this seems excessive.. The rooms were quite frankly overpriced - I stay at hotels all the time and these were upper end business rooms but adding the resort fee in it becomes 4.5 to 5 star pricing - that was not the service we received.. . The little store at the base of the elevators was a classic example - an employee was buying something in front of me - I was not acknowledged and the 2 employees had a nice little chat about life, the universe and everything (which could have been done whilst I was being rung up) - after 10 minutes I went to another register :(. . In defense of the front desk - the morning people (10am-ish) were much more professional - I got moved to my desired room with no fuss and also a late checkout so that we could eat at the buffet before packing (I think it was Jessica that was good). Front desk manager needs to consider training his staff properly or the GM or Resident needs to start having them 'shopped' to check their quality. I understand that Vegas is a service ten so a lot of the good people are taken but this was unacceptable.. . If the front desk had a clue this would have been a 4 star review - the distress they caused dropped it way down - not worth the agony for the price. I actually enjoyed every part of my stay with the hotel (albeit a little pricey) except having to deal in person with the front desk people.
Well my wife and I booked this hotel expecting something great but we were so wrong. Other then the great food we had at the cafe, this place is a must miss. The rooms were old and outdated. I upgraded to a suite being that it was our anniversary and it was no better then a regular room. Old furniture, In room safe that was broken, hard stiff beds and sheets, lights that didn't work and that were missing knobs to turn them on. Bathroom trim around vanity was coming apart. There was a huge rip in the carpet outside our room. The front desk staff was rude and not much help of any kind.  Every morning starting at 6am we got an average of 3 calls a hr from other hotel guest asking if this was the bell desk or the front desk. I could go on and on but i will stop. Help meif I'm wrong but is the Mandalay Bay not a four diamond hotel?? Wow! Maybe I was just expecting this place to be more like a four diamond hotel? Not so.. .                         The only thing nice that I found in this hotel was the hotel lobby, casino area and fine dinning. I have had a better stays at the Hard rock Hotel!! If you want bad rooms and hotel staff that could care less if you were there, then stay here. Next time time I'm staying at the Encore/Wynn Hotels. Now you want to be treated like royalty then stay at Wynn. Don't fall for Mandalay Bays low specials on room rates. Stay here and you will know why they are so cheap. If it wasn't for the great food we had here I would have given this review 1 star...
Probably the worst resort- casino stay. . Upgraded room was smoking room. :(. Valet parking the car was a nightmare almost every nite. Food at raffles so awful. Tried it 2x. Cking out the worst ever. Uncaring, and uninformed. . The room was suppose to be renovated. Not. The only toiletries were shampoo, conditioner, lotion. No newspaper. . The pool....agh, what pool?? This is thanksgiving weekend. Open up a bigger pool please. Geeze. And no one seemed sorry or to care. Seemed like the workers didn't like it there either. . We go to Vegas 2x a year and always have a memorable stay. This time, the memory is negative towards this Casino. . Obviously never again. . Low class place now.
..... Mandalay Bay has changed a lot..... It really lost its luster.  It was spooky quiet. It was hot and now it's not.
I'm very disappointed in the rooms. The carpet is dirty, the guest desk chairs are so filthy I'm not comfortable even draping my jacket over it. The bathroom was not cleaned properly either. There is no coffee pot nor hair dryer in the room. In addition, when requesting a non smoking room they could not accommodate. I was then told by the front desk that a ozone would be brought up but instead housekeeping showed up with a bottle spray. Both bathroom sinks are not draining either.  That was the first 30 mins of being here.
There were sooo many children staying at this "resort" it was ruining our vegas fun.  The pool and hot tubs closed early, at 6pm!!! Although our room was gorgeous, the alarm in the building kept going off. Probably wont stay here again, will go for a more adult child free enviroment,
The hotel itself may be okay, nothing special and a bit tacky but not as bad as many.  However, the food is terrible through their catering department.  Our company has a conference there every year and the food has never improved.  The worst I have ever had.  So, if you are planning a catered event, you should look elsewhere.  The hotel also automatically charges a resort fee of $28.00 per day which gives you internet access from your room and the ability to print a boarding pass from the lobby computer.  I told them i needed neither one but was told the "company" was paying for it so no need to worry about it.
My bad experience started in the beginning, I pre-paid for a room with a King size bed.. . My wife and I where trying to get away for awhile.  They gave away my room and stuck me with two queen size beds.  I was PRE-PAID. . . It set a bad tone for our stay,  I did enjoy "Red Square the restaurant" -  But that is seperate management (owners). . We moved the next day, but I will not go back to Mandalay. Not even for the restaurant.
Having to travel to Vegas for trade shows and regular business, I have never had the opportunity to stay at the Mandalay Bay. This is an MGM owned property and if you enjoy the Bellagio, you'll probably enjoy the Bay. The property is fairly run down and to put this in perspective, it's like sleeping in a smoky version of a Southwest jet. . . Here's a small tidbit of how customer service went: I checked in and was sent to the 11th floor. I call the front desk to verify I was put into a non-smoking room, they assure me it is and they'll have housekeeping put in an "ozone machine". The bellman brings my bag after 5-10 minutes. Inquiring as to whether I'm really on a non-smoking floor, the bellman says, "there's only 2 smoking floors and you are just above one of these". . . I need to leave, so I tip the guy, unpack and get out of the terrible room. 5 hours later I pop back in for a quick change. It smells the same, so I call the front desk. They ask me if the ozone machine was put in, and I have no way of knowing, but it smells the same. The x'fer me the Tina, the asst head of operations. (Tina should not be in customer service, perhaps the coroner's office is a better fit.) Anyhow, Tina says the hotel is full and basically "better luck next time" and she commits to get the ozone machine up. 5 hours later, I pop back in and the air is better, but the room is still old and gross. I try the front desk once more, but they say they are full and can't move me. Whateva'---I can resolve by not staying here. Back to the review:. . The grounds look nice and the pools and wave pool looked like fun. The resort fee is a "tacky ask" and there are literally no overhead lighting in the sad, dark rooms. I guess they are trying to depress you into dropping coin in their dark, shabby casino.. . If the hotel is crowded, (it was supposedly full on this trip), they aren't quite handling the capacity of tourists. People literally waited 10-15 minutes on elevators through the main elevator zone. The cab line was 20-30 minutes. The elevator piece has to be against code, but fortunately earthquakes in Vegas are rare. (It was an MGM which burned many years, ago).. . The check-in/check-out experience was better than the Bellagio, but it is really a generous stretch to call this a 2 star hotel.. . Tonight, as I wrote this review a pop-up occurred advertising the Mandalay @ $89/night. That's really cheap and given the fantastic view of the airport runways, probably a reasonable price.
There was a scene in the movie Casino where they were talking about the takeover of Vegas of the big corporations and how the niceties like room service, customer service and experience have vanished.... . Welcome to Mandalay Bay, owned by the MGM Group no less. . Their homogenized commoditized approach to detail really shows....It started at check out where I was downgraded in my room after an explanantion that a reservation is really just a request. . Huh?...wish my payment wasnt real money. . The pool is great, but really only if you buy a cabana...otherwise you are SOL. The service in general is just two steps behind decent.   Its a shame, really, because this was one of my favorite hotels. . But when you are an overleveraged monopoly, the service probably will suffer accordingly
Do you love watching your friend win money, while you lose it all? Are you a fan of playing slots as your other friend stares and cools you down like that William H. Macy movie? Well, you're in luck. Mandalay Bay is THE place to play the Dark Knight slot machine and never win a G.D. thing. I played that sucker for nearly one hour and lost 60 bucks like nobody's biz. And it has one of the best payouts of any "nickel" slot ever! Every time I got the damned Fight for Gotham bonus, old Joker never could beat Batman in the race. All you degenerates know what I'm talking about. At least in Vegas you can get a seat to play these games. Forget it at old Morongo in Cabazon. You'll be waiting for Ying-Ling to get off the machine after a minimum of six hours. But I digress. Anyway, so me and some buddies went to Mandalay Bay after a night of overpaying at the Palms Pool to see Busta Rhymes "perform" for 15-20 minutes. And by perform, I mean your typical rap concert, where the dude comes out and spits random verses from a song he wasn't even featured on. Thanks, Busta. Remember when you saw your bodyguard get shot to death, but you played that dumb "don't snitch" card and didn't tell the cops anything? You must be proud of yourself, fatty. Oh yeah, so Mandalay Bay in a whole? Sucks. I hate going there with the fury of a thousand Garfields crammed into their expensive cafe. 15 dollar omelets that make you hungry in 2 hours? Come to theCAFE or whatever the hell it's called. Also, the damn restrooms are few and far between. Seems like I'm always walking a damn mile to look for one. There was this weirdo in there, I think a Ruskie spy stuck in the 1980's. Old comrade would hate the way Vegas turned out if he could ever leave that place. And don't get me started on the table games. I saw my friend win like 5 hundy and flash his 500 dollar chip like a newborn baby. I wanted to hang him by his giant chin beard. Everybody else there was losing all da money. Too bad there wasn't a riot like that night Tupac fought some dude in the lobby of the MGM Grand. Ah, memories of 96!
Only TWO $50 hold em poker tables? TWO??  This place is massively huge, it's the size of an entire block.  And they have TWO hold em poker tables with $50 buy-ins.  Next thing available, $300.  Pretty ridiculous.
Pirates-of-the-Caribbean length check-in line on a Thursday and half the available check-in registers unstaffed.  Okay, fine, I'll wait in line.. . Then my card keys didn't work, so I lugged my bags back downstairs (and that's a long-ass walk).  There's one register at the desk with a big sign:  KEYS AND INFORMATION.  Was there someone available to help me?  No.  That staffer was checking in a baseball team.  Really.  The whole team.  Because, as the floor manager helpfully explained, "When they're not busy at the Keys/Info desk, they check in guests.". . "Well," I helpfully pointed out in turn, "That leaves no one to assist me.  I'm already a guest in this hotel -- see?  Here's my card key.  Please assist me immediately.  I don't want to stand in the check-in line again.". . "Oh, but you won't be standing in the check-in line.  You'll be standing in the KEYS AND INFORMATION line.". . I could hear my nerves popping like bungie cords as they unfrayed one by one.  Speaking very slooooowly, I asked:  "Are you or are you not directing me to go stand behind the baseball team being checked into this hotel?". . "Well, yes.  But it shouldn't be very long.  There's only the outfield and relief pitchers left--". . Me:  "Then you are telling me I have to get back in the check-in line because my keys don't work.  This isn't a check-in problem.  This is a hotel guest problem.  Please get a staffer to assist me, a guest in your hotel.  A staffer who isn't already checking in a baseball team.  Or anyone else.". . No dice.  I waited.  . . I might have forgotten all about the incident... except later that day I booked a second room for the rest of my late-arriving party.  Reader, I will elide several details, but the gist of it is the clerk accidentally checked me out of my own room when I booked the second room.. . So when I returned to my room, once again, the keys didn't work.  . . Returning to the lobby was like Groundhog Day.  "Hi, yeah, sorry.  Go right up to the KEYS AND INFO desk.". . Me:  "By go right up, do you mean shove aside the family that's obviously checking in at that desk?". . "Well, no.  But you should only have to wait a few minutes--". . The concierge desk blew me off, too.  So when I spotted someone in a tie and a Mandalay Bay nametag hurrying by, I flagged him down.  I spoke very quickly.  "Hi, I'm a guest at this hotel and my room keys won't work and my luggage is locked in my room because they accidentally checked me out and none of that would be a problem if you would get someone to help me and not keep telling me to stand in line.". . Well, that guy walked me over to someone at the VIP desk, you know, for the fancy folk who never get irrationally told to wait in an endless line three times  and told them to assist me immediately.  So they did.. . But what really prompted this review?  After all the sturm und drang, the clerk insisted my promised "two free buffet coupons" were nowhere in the computer.  But I was promised them when I booked.  No, I'm not going to argue and look like a cheapskate.  Your strategy of wearing people down by having them stand in line till they're too tired to insist on what they were promised is a roaring success.  Bravo.  You saved $94 bucks.  Or rather, I'm out $94 bucks.. . The Restoration Comedy coup de grace?  When I checked out, the puzzled clerk asked why I didn't use my free buffet coupons.  No, sorry, can't deduct them from the room rate.  No, sorry, you can't use them next time you're in Vegas.. . You get two stars because the pools are nice.  Too bad I won't ever get to use them again, because you couldn't drag me back to Manda-Line Bay.
This is a nice clean place, if you're bringing the wife and kids and maybe grandma too. If you're younger or single and looking for a hip party, this is a complete waste of your time. We actually threw away our room and checked into Cosmopolitan mid-trip and absolutely saved our bachelor party weekend. It's unbelievable how quickly this town changes. You need to do fresh homework to get it right.
I live in hotels and even though this is my 2nd time at this hotel I was NOT impressed. My room was notclean, an old hunk of cheese partially eaten was left in the honor bar fridge and I can see stray m & m's under the dresser from my bed. Elevator wait time is ridiculous and the button for my floor is even missing from one elevator. Wait time at check in unacceptable. Robe hook in bathroom is missing and every day I come home there are dirty sheets, pillows, trash and room service trays left in the hallways for way too long. Asked three times for a robe and I tip housekeeping every day, never got one. Lousy TV channels, not even HBO or Showtime. Was here for a conference but will not stay again. Not even close to being a 4 star property. More like 3 at best. Paid for a room upgrade room is small and also very loud with 21somethings 6 to a room falling down drunk in the hallways at 5 in the afternoon. Do NOT recommend
I've stayed here before and liked it but not this time. The check in line at noon today was unbelievable. I stood in line for 90 minutes, missed my first meeting, and they didn't have a room ready.. . So they said they would text me in approximately one hour when my room was ready. I waited 2 hours but no text or call so and the room was ready.. . Ok moving on. I get to the elevators and there's a line around the corner for that too. It was about 5 minutes to make it to the elevators.. . Finally, on my way out, there was another, fairly long line for checkout, and I need to get a receipt for my expense report.  I was pleased to see that there was a guy who was taking down names and emails for "Express Checkout" and he assured me that he would email me my receipt later that day.. . It's been 6 days, my expense report is due today and I've received nothing.  So then I called Mandalay Bay this morning and was put on hold for over 15 minutes and eventually gave up.. . Very, very disappointing stay.
Wanted to give it higher rating BUT had to bring it down due to three reasons - check in and check out lines are insane! It felt like I was in line at amusement park. It took at least 30 mins in line to get my keys, not cool! - 1 point. . Another reason was that the lines for the elevators were just as long! They need more elevators! It was crazy having to wait so long to go up and down to my room on 17th floor. -1. . The third reason - WAY too many kids! I felt I couldn't really enjoy Vegas to full extent as there were so many strollers and kids walking all over the casino. I mean really people - go to circus circus if you really HAVE to bring your kids. You really don't. It's expensive and not appropriate when there is so much second hand smoke around (I was having trouble dealing with that, and can only imagine how the kids feel!). . Because there were so many kids, I ended up going to the Luxor and Excelsior and other casinos to go have fun. The pools were packed with families and kids and not the setting I was hoping for my first Vegas trip-1. . The good points are that the hotel itself is beautiful, the room was very nice with great view. The walls are thin though and the neighbors (who had kids) were banging on our door asking that me and my friend , to keep it down because they couldn't sleep (11pm). What's worse is that at that time we were just watching tv and not even talking loud or doing anything else since we had just flown in and were already tired. . . The restaurants at the Mandalay were awesome! Hubert Keller's burger bar was awesome (must try nutella shake) as well as Border Grill (carnitas were heaven).  I was there for a training for work and the convention center was great, roomy, even though quite far. The Shark Aquarium was also really cool, though a lot smaller than I expected. . . My recommendation - if you are looking for family friendly hotel and Casino, I guess this would be the place. If you are Young, single or just want to party at Vegas - this is not the place to stay.  When I go back to Vegas I will go to a more adult centered hotel.
Just got back from LV and had a pretty good time. Stayed at Mandalay Bay. Not the first time there (LV and Mandalay) but will probably be the last.  Vegas can be your worst Walmart nightmare, and MB has seen a better day.. . Like most things in vegas, prices are high. Food is good if you eat at one of the higher end restaurants, but pricey.. . Pool area was packed (summer vacation time I guess). Courtesy goes out the window here...people just climbing all over the place. Wave pool was closed twice due to "biohazard" the day we went. Since you have to be 4 ft tall to enter, I don't know what that means. Drunken incontinence?. . Spa was average for amenities and service.. . Comps are tight. Not sure that is true at other non-MGM casinos these days. Drink service was slow most of the time. Not like the "old" days (10+ years ago) :-). . Bars were ok, except eyecandy that added the tip, hid in on the folded check and didn't say anything about it. This p*ssed me off more than anything.. . Rooms are dated and need repair and renovation. Half the lights in our suite didn't work. After 13 years, the suites are showing their age.. . Most the of the staff were cordial and helpful. Service at Raffles was slow at times, and not too cheery.. . Did notice lines for check-in right around normal check-in time but we arrived early and avoided that. Yes, there is a wait for the elevators, especially at check-in and out (doesn't anyone use the the bell man any more?), and at pool closing time (watch out for all the inner tubes and sweaty shirtless guys).. . Being down at the end of the strip is ok, unless you want to be able walk to several hotels, etc. You do get alot of plane and helicopter traffic but you only hear it outside.. . Not the worst place....i'm sure there are better.. . Also, find out what conventions etc are there. That affects the crowds and clientele.
We have stayed at THE Hotel before and it was great. We were traveling with a group that was on a budget, so we all decided to stay heretogether. We were greeted by a 45 minute wait for check in. It then took 30 minutes for them to check us in. The rooms are nice, great bathrooms and comfortable beds. The room stewards were ok at cleaning, nothing great. In the morning they are VERY loud when knocking on other doors and screaming "house keeping". So the sign on the door will get them to not knock on your door, but you'll get woken up anyways. The pool area is great BUT you can NEVER find a chair. Two friends of ours were at the pool very early so we shared two chairs that they had and the 6 chairs next to them were left with towels and empty food containers for 4 hours while we were there. We told an attendant but were told if there was a towel there then they couldn't touch it. THERE NEEDS TO BE A TOWEL DEPOSIT!!!!!!!!!! If there was a towel deposit then this crap wouldn't happen. You need a card to get in the pool, so why not use the card for this too? There have been complaints for years about this and still nothing done. This, along with other things makes it very clear they don't care what their customers think or want. At the end of staying there, it took us over 30 minutes to check out with only 4 groups in front of us at noon. There was only 1 person doing check ins (with a line of 10 people waiting) and 3 doing check outs. They are severely under staffed. Add the crappy service to the fact that the hotel is on the far end of the strip and its a PITA to get anywhere and we will not stay here again. I'll live without the sand and wave pool, because you can't really enjoy it without chairs anyways
Got the room for about $75 per night so it's hard to complain, but I think we'll look elsewhere next time.  The decor is very nice, but the rooms need a good overhaul. Stains on the upholstery couch, dings in the wood furnishings, and carpet that looks dirty. The towels are well past their prime and are totally rough and threadbare. (I have had better towels at Holiday Inn.)The pool area is a collection of several different types of pools, but there is very little shade and its quite overcrowded even on a weekday. If you want any shade a $100 umbrella rental or $350 Cabana rental are your only options.  Pool towels are nasty and appear that they were purchased used from a local YMCA. Chaise loungers are rough too and need to be cleaned or replaced. If you sweat the details, then this isn't your place.
VERY DISAPPOINTED with Mandalay Bay in Vegas!!!. . - I don't usually write reviews but I definitely felt the need to do so today.  I travel quite often, and have been to Vegas too many times to count.  This was my first stay at Mandalay Bay and I was looking forward to the experience because the pool area is so well reviewed.  . . - As with most of my trips this one was a last minute vacation, so I called the hotel directly to book a Spa Suite. . . - I was lured in by the option of paying a fee for early check-in and late check-out, since we were only staying one night I wanted to make the most of it.  . . - The reservation clerk assured me that I was guaranteed early check-in, multiple times because if he couldn't arrange it I was more than willing to book another type of suite online and assure I got early check-in, and I told him that.  . . - With everything set, my husband and I woke up early, drove to Vegas, got in at 10:30am (I was told the room would be ready by 10am), and attempted to check-in.  . . - The room was NOT ready and it seems that the reservation clerk lied!  He never booked the early check-in or late check-out as promised.  I was willing to upgrade to another suite (as I had seen on the website not more than 6 hours earlier) but I was told that there were no other rooms available (although I was able to book another room on my phone when I tried).  They were apologetic and waived my resort fee (little consolation). .  . - I was checked in, given keys to a "phantom room" and told that I would be sent a text message with the room number when my room was ready (I was not a happy camper).  . . - We went about our day waiting and waiting and waiting for the text that NEVER came.  At 3pm (which is regular check-in time) I called and was told "we sent you a text message".  Funny how theirs is the ONLY text message I did not receive that day.  . . - Once we got to our room (which I must say was a nicely laid out room) the smell of cigarette smoke made you gag.  We called the front desk and were assured that this was a non-smoking room.  Unfortunately the previous occupants didn't care to follow the rules and used a shower cap (which was still in place) to cover the smoke detector and smoke to their hearts content.. . - The front desk offered to send someone up with an atomizer to deal with the odor (since there were no other rooms available).   An hour later, maintenance shows up and informs us that we would need to leave the room for a couple of hours in order for them to use this atomizer.  WTF? Seriously?????. . - To make a LONG story slightly less long...... The next night we called for a blanket that never appeared, we asked for a coffee maker that they could not provide, we requested hot water which they wanted $5.00 for (not including the $2.50 delivery fee), and lately this room, which I waited all day for, had a lovely view of the top of a parking structure. To quote my teenagers......all I can say is WOW, really?. . - Needless to say this was my first and LAST stay at Mandalay Bay!  Such a shame that they care so little.
Um....If only there was a between a 2 and 3 stars rating...... Mandalay, I know you were the Stuff in your day...sadly that day has passed... I just do not know where to start or what to say..So many mixed feelings here...Mostly, I will say this--Beware of front desk check-in tricks-- like $100 "incidentals" fees EVERY DAY-- apart from the already $25 resort fees daily... and Mandalay staff Just NOT giving you the same info twice...
I absolutely hate this hotel.  It has become so old and dingy and the quality of service has gone downhill in the last couple of years.  They really need to renovate this hotel.  . . Hotel rooms are the same as they were 5 years ago.  Their furniture is scratched and worn.  Their TVS are complete dinosaurs.  Very old and hardly work half the time.  Their movies for purchase don't even work!  They have on demand but it's fuzzy and static-ey ALL the time.  I am constantly having to get a refund because their movies are terrible quality.  $15.99 for a blurry movie?  I don't THINK so!  You are telling me that after so many complaints you can't at least fix that ONE issue?  Is this hotel really that hard up?. . Their room service is even worse.  They take about an hour and 15 minutes to get to the room and then the food arrives cold and tasteless, yet they charge an enormous amount.. . Their beach area is the nicest thing about Mandalay.  It's fun, hip and the concerts are great.. . I just really don't like staying in their rooms but we stay here because we are noir members and get free accommodations.  Since MGM falls under the same company we should try that hotel next time.. . The worst part of this hotel is the gaming!  Terrible slots that I never win on.  I have to go to other hotels to win.  Why do I even bother with this hotel?!?. . Mandalay Bay really needs to get it together and make some changes.  They don't come close to the newer and better hotels.  This place is a disappointment every time I stay here.
My friend and I stayed here 3 nights. We chose it because it was the best nightly charge while still remaining on the strip. The hotel was nice, the staff was friendly, and the price was right. Here's the issues: all day and all night you will here what sounds like a large creature in your drains glugging and bubbling. It sounds gross and it is gross. Vegas in general has some major plumbing issues I have found as this happened when I was at the Mirage 5 months back as well. You go to the front desk to complain and they pretend they have never heard of this before. It was so loud and so constant that my friend and I could barely sleep. We needed to sleep since we were trying to stay up late, but this was not an option. The walls are also so thin that you will literally hear all of your neighbors coming and going. If a door near yours opens or closes, your hotel door rattles and sounds like someone just kicked a large rubber ball against it. . They supposedly sent someone up to "fix" the plumbing issue, but we had no sign of anyone doing such and no one ever contacted our room to make sure we were pleased. We should had been offered something when we checked out. . This hotel is nicer and less dingy feeling than Mirage, so is your choice is between these two, choose Mandalay, but I could never ever go back to either because it is not possible to sleep! . We ordered breakfast twice and the brioche and thee hashbrowns were delish! Coffee is good too. Room service at any hotel in vegas will break the bank. So insanely expensive! You do get a hearty potion here, however, and you do not need to order 2 of anything. One order of maybe 2 things should fill any normal human being and you won;t have to waste food that way.
Came to Vegas for a friend's birthday and was stuck in a handicap accessable room (not what we previously booked). Hotel staff wasn't friendly and always seemed distracted. Was kept up until after midnight on 10/20 due to laud music from the hotel pool. We were on the 31st floor, so I can't imagine what the lower floors were experiencing. I called down to the front desk, and their only solution was ear plugs which I already had. Called again, then they blamed the noise on the Four Seasons. No apologies, just a suck it up sort of attitude. Upon checkout, spoke with the manager and encountered the same sort of demeanor. I thought this was supposed to be a nice hotel, but my experience was anything but.
(This review is long overdue...and strictly based on my room ). . Stayed at Mandalay Bay at the end of last year and it was OK. What I really remembered was that there was a hole in my sheets...and this is before I slept in the bed! I wondered how housekeeping could have missed a hole the size of my hand when they were making the bed.... . My favorite part of the room was the bathroom.... . I think the hotel is just getting old and needs to be revamped. It is not a bad property but compared to all the newer properties on the strip.... . Also went up with some friends to "the hotel" side of Mandalay bay and it was much nicer! If you choose this hotel I would recommend that you stay there.
It is tough to evaluate service when there is none,  We did not stay at the hotel but were walking through the casino on a Sunday afternoon and decided to stop for a drink. We sat down and waited for 15 minutes and were not approached or served. There were people at the bar and tables who had drinks and were being served.  It appeared that the cocktail waitress, who was watching a football game and chatting it up with one of the bartenders was far to busy to actually serve customers. (One other table got up and walked away)  I believe the name of the bar was eye candy.  The chairs were comfortable, the decor nothing special. After a fifteen minute rest we got up and left.  I guess this place is doing so well that it doesn't need to actually sell drinks.
It was my Birthday weekend and 15 of us planned a fun trip to Vegas. I was excited to stay at Mandalay, I had stayed there before and it was always really nice. The bad service started before I got to the hotel. I called and was trying to reserve seating at Eye Candy for the first night, no one answers the calls or resoponded to the messages. Then I arrived and my room of a king size bed was not available. They said they would call us and  let us know if their was a king size bed available the next day, since the next day was a Sunday I thought for sure since most people go home on Sundays. Well we didn't leave until Tuesday, and never a call. We left a message again for Eye Candy and a message to attempt to get dinner reservations for China Grill no one answered the calls or returned any messages. . We ate somewhere else, and just showed up to Eye Candy making the best of it. Noticed there were several tables reserved and unused and they made it a point to not even let you set a drink down on those tables.. When I got back to the room that night a man passed out and vomited on the carpet infront of our room, the smell was horrible all weekend. On Tuesday when we checked out we saw the carpet being cleaned. Wow 3 days to get that done!. Oh on Sunday night we attempted to go to dinner at the steak place there, the host never looking up from the computer told us it would be a two hour wait...well if someone would call back or answer the phones maybe I would've made a reservation. . The employees seemed to be all be having a bad day.. I will never go back, there are way to many hotels in Vegas to have to endure this kind of treatment.
The Casino layout was nice, but unwelcoming. Basically half of the advertised games they claimed to have they in fact did not have so it was a wasted trip for me. Many of the tables also seemed to be closed during peak period.
Dirty room, broken shower drain, thin walls...nope this hotel isn't getting a rave review today.. . My germaphobe friend brought his antibacterial wipes and started wiping down the hotspots - phone, knobs, remote, etc.  Filthy!  Continued with the countertops in the bathroom and showed us the brown wipe that spared us an unfortunate staph infection.. . After one shower, the unfortunate guy was ankle deep in his own filthy mess.  It didn't drain until the next morning.. . Pity the fools who have to be next door to noisy kids doing bong hits all night - well, that was us.  Yelling, screaming, cussing, running up and down the halls... security paid them a visit.  I slept through most of it, but it kept my friends awake.. . Parking structure is a cluster-F.  Only one entrance and exit? come on.
Jan 1 we took advantage of the cheap rates to test out this hotel. The room is nice but not anything to write home about.  The bed was comfortable but the pillows were anything but desireable.  My husband had two small ones and I got the huge lumpy pillow.  Next time I will bring my own.  The tub was mediocre with a seperate shower stall.   We enjoy taking hot baths together when we are travelling and this tub was difficult for the two of us to enjoy and relax with some champagne.  I was hoping for the price of these rooms that we'd get a tub with jets !!!  NO SUCH LUCK.  The hotel staff was great, I did like the oatmeal soap as it's not so harsh on the skin, but body lotion is not something offered to guests.  Plenty of towels, although one of ours had some kind of stains on it and that's unacceptable to me in a resort hotel.  Sewing kit and the usual amenities in the bathroom were offered.   At anytime during the day if the people in the next room were using the water, the pipes banged.  This got really old when we were trying to sleep!!!. . We did eat at the breakfast buffet and weren't too impressed.. .  Sorry, but we won't be staying here again.
So, I got this players club thing going and I was comp'd a room. I chose the Mandalay Bay. First sign we picked the wrong time to come to Vegas. Valet line was over a half and hour long. Everytime we used our car, a half an hour. Should've spent the money on taxi's. . . We got there the day after Christmas and waited over an hour to check in. Not sure why hotels don't have kiosks to check in when you have all your info like at the airports. But, either way. Got to the counter and was told they didn't have adjoning rooms like I had reserved. My children aged 14 and 12 would be on one floor and we would be on another. Humph! I even silliped the kid helping us a few $20's thinking this would help. You know, let him know I was a friend of Ben and perhaps get a nice room. Yeah. No.  Okay. So, another half an hour, forty five minutes and finally rooms are found. They just showed up. They were the handicap rooms so I hope we didn't displace someone who needed the extra space and bars in the shower. . . The rooms, well, they're rooms alright. Ours wasn't that clean when we checked in. The hallways should've have been a give away. My son quickly reminded me, "Hey mom, what do you expect for $69.00" I agreed he had a point. But, I would've paid more to be moved away from the laundry room where you could smell the scent of hot grey water and laundry soap. Oh, and it's the kick it spot for the housekeepers in the AM. I thought I had set the clock radio to a spainsh channel and I couldn't find the snooze button. . . Room service...I always say I want to become wealthy and live off room service. But at the Mandaly Bay, I would starve. No matter what time we called or what we ordered the wait was at least an hour and a half. Even to get a pot of coffee. I know, we don't go to Vegas to stay in the room, but I really like to stay some place nice and enjoy being pampered. Just not the feeling I got when I stayed at Mandalay. . . The smell of cigarettes in the elevator and when you disembark in the lobby is really strong. I was surprised. It kinda reminded me of Circus Circus. I know people smoke in the casino and I expect that. But I haven't been in a large hotel where it is so obvious. . . I was trying so hard not the be "that guest" that called and complained about everything. I kept telling myself, my room is free, the other room is cheap. Don't complain, just enjoy. And, I had seen a t.v. show about the comments they put in the computer about you when you check in and if you complain. I was afraid I would be scarred for life on the Vegas hotel circut if I made a peep. So I keep my lips sealed. Until now. Thank goodness I can get this off my chest. . . I just want to say Mandalay clean up your act. Please. Such a fine hotel with a great reputation and such a let down all at the same time. Granted I can't afford  the presidential suite or one of your bigger rooms but I still spend my money in your casino's and resturants. And, I deserve to be accomodated and treated like I did. Right? . . So I have decided next time we will stay some place else. I've never been let down at the MGM or the Bellagio. I know I will pay more, but sometimes it's worth it. Take care and Viva Las Vegas.
Attention Gamblers!!!   I'm been a customer for 10+ years but things have recently changed.   If you enjoy slots and hope to feel appreciated for your play....... think again. Mlife comes up short.  I would suggest other properties for better returns on your slot play.  The criteria for comps at this property is incredibly high. Also, those Players cards don't always register your play.  Double check it at the slot machine often while playing.   You should see the Mlife numbers increase as you play.  If your name is only thing displayed then you may not be getting credit for your play.  . . I did enjoy the hotel staff as they have a very polite way of telling me I'm a small fish.   The pool is very nice also.. Best of luck!
I had a horrible experience with my check-in at Mandalay Bay. Our secretary made reservations for 10 people and I was the only one who was not checked in promptly. Apparently the front desk Attendant had no idea how to process a check in where there had been a pre-payment. I was asked if I could call the person who made the original reservation, which is entirely unreasonable based on the fact we arrived after 7pm Las Vegas time and I had stated to her that I had flown all day from Richmond, VA just to get there. She left me multiple times while the two people I had traveled in with had both been checked in and were waiting for me.. . It was extremely frustrating that after traveling for 7 hours the front desk personnel was unable to check me in for over 30 minutes.. . But that's not the end of the saga. I expressed my unhappiness during my check-in via social media and received a follow-up call the next day. Unfortunately I was there for a convention and was booked the entire trip. I expressed this and was asked for an email address to follow up. This all sounds good, right? Except that I never received an email after being asked for my address and only AFTER I expressed my unhappiness was I contacted.. . The 1st email I received was filled with untrue statements about their attempts to assist and the tone was quite offensive. I received a second email from a different person with an entirely different tone, asking for the details on my experience. Sounds good again, right?. . After several days of correspondence I was asked for a phone number where I could be reached after 7pm my time. I provided it and confirmed my availability and received no call. This has now happened TWICE where I have adjusted plans to be available for calls that never come.. . The most unfortunate part is that I was very excited about staying at Mandalay Bay prior to my arrival and had excellent meals while I was there. However, the poor experience I received for my very 1st interaction with the hotel combined with my frustration now with the follow-up I'm not receiving means that I'll be taking my business elsewhere.
My first stay here wasn't all bad. The front desk had a computer glitch checking me in and gave me a $40 dining credit to apologize for the wait. That was a very nice gesture that I didn't expect, because I didn't even mind the wait.. . Negatives included the uncleanliness of my room. There were rings on my nightstand from previous guests' drinks (easily removed). Their were a few hairs on my sheets (could barely type that because of how much it grosses me out). AND, the bathtub had sediment of some kind all over the bottom. (see photo). . My breakfast tray was also in the hallway from 7 a.m. to the next morning before anyone picked it up.. . I politely shared my complaints with the front desk as I was checking out and the employee gave me a list of excuses about GRA (whatever that is) and how next time I should call and get my room inspected. What???
Booked a two bedroom suite for two nights to celebrate a friends birthday. We arrived early on Friday only to be greeted by a rude front desk clerk by the name of Tram who said "It's noon, come back at three for check in." What? Yep. Dismissed. Be gone. Wow. How's that for service? Fast forward to 2:30. We're back at the front desk. Fortunately this time we are greeted by a nice gentleman who promptly checked us in. Our room, 9135, was in need of some maintenance. The carpets had been shampooed beyond their useful life. The furniture was clearly well used. There was horrendous stains on the night stands (see posted pictures). The sheets felt like sand paper. Tiniest toiletries I've seen. Over quite disappointed in the room. The property is aging and, unfortunately, it shows.
Room: 1 star. Dining options: 2 1/2. Beach: 4 1/2. WiFi/amenities: 0. .    I tagged along with my boyfriend to Microsoft Management  Summit the week of April 8th.  My stay there was so disappointing I paid extra to get an earlier flight back to Seattle.  The most baffling aspect was the WiFi.  Or lack thereof. Like Indigo mentioned, WiFi there was a joke. They kept losing connectivity entirely.  During an IT conference no less!  Half the time I didn't even have 4G reception for my phone.  When there was connectivity, it was REALLY slow.  You get all of 512mbs included in the resort fee.  If you want to upgrade to 1, it's $14/day. .   The room was dated and lame.  We had an awesome view of the airport complete with all of the accompanying air traffic noises.  Beds were meh.  Bathroom was weird.  The toilet itself was located in a tiny room with a door that is always shut and has no fan or ventilation.  Actually no fan in the entire bathroom.  The shower had good pressure but made an awful high pitched noise.  No robes. If  you want a fridge to store personal items,  it's $35/day.  Otherwise, they charge $50 if you use the one already there.  There was no menu with prices for mini fridge items or the water/candy sitting on the dresser.  No prices on the spa menu (you have to call the concierge with a specific request).  The air conditioner made a loud squeaking noise.  The windows were filthy with hand (maybe butt?) prints.  The TV was ridiculous.  Crappy picture and fewer channel options than a motel 6.  .   If your'e on any kind of a budget, I would suggest hitting a grocery store before you get to the hotel.  The dining options are all ridiculously over-priced.  Though, in all fairness, that's the case with every place on the Strip. .   The only overall positive aspect of my stay there was the beach.  The wave pool is great and there are ample chairs.  Beach cafe is reasonably priced in comparison to those in the hotel.  A few cons:  space is really tight between chairs.  6pm seems rather early to close the beach/pools.  There are only 2 small hot tubs that are filled with children.  It would be nice if there were an adults only area besides the "toptional" Moorea Beach Club.  . . A few pros:  . Not smoky. Friendly staff. They let me park my rental motorcycle at the Valet area for free. Shark reef aquarium was cool and totally worth the $18 . . P.S.   I stayed at the Aria last year and it was fantastic
I've rarely encountered a hotel I wouldn't stay at again and wouldn't recommend to others. Until I stayed at Mandalay. Several in my large group, myself included, had to ask to be moved due to cleaning issues in their rooms. Which was crazy considering the rooms were gorgeously designed and appointed: plush, spacious bedrooms; roomy bathrooms with both a bath and shower, not to mention a double-sink plus a door to the toilet. The rooms could have been shared comfortably and partied in pragmatically, no doubt. While I will give management credit for satisfactorily resolving our issues, the fact we encountered them at all for the rate we were paying was ridiculous. Then there were the amenities. The gym was small for the rate and the pool opened way late in the morning and closed too early at night. I know they want to keep patrons gambling at all hours, but I know (from the line of 50 people at opening time) that I'm not the only one who'd rather drop my cash on cocktails poolside and I didn't like the feeling I was being controlled. Did I mention the fake beach and plethora of kids? Then, after my stay, I discovered they billed me for both my room and a colleague's by mistake. And there was nothing to do in walking distance. Which makes this one I'll bypass next time around.
Very disappointed. We usually stay at the Luxor but decided to splurge, not worth it. The TV in the bathroom wasn't working which made for a boring bath. The wi-fi access comes and goes every 5 minutes. We had a view facing the strip but all you can really see is the airport. The bathtub is barely able to fit one small woman and the grout in the shower was peeling. I didn't complain because I didn't want to waste my time waiting for anything to get fixed. Walls are super thin and the pipes knock all the time. The staff is great but we will not b staying here again. Too bad.
Decided to stray from my usual Vegas hotel (Wynn/Encore) to check this place out because of Light night and day club.  I will not stay here again.  There was a miscommunication with buffet credit.  They decided not to reimburse me.  Maybe they didn't have to.  But better hotels would have.  So I don't have to stay here again either.  Over the long term, was it worthwhile for them to save the $ versus me coming back for repeated Vegas stays?  I'd say no.  Another incident: their restaurant Citizen overcharged my meal.
Service: 1/5. Responsiveness: 1/5. Rooms: 4/5. Restaurants: 5/5 (but pricey). . So the rooms are actually quite nice, and can be quite relaxing - unless you're staying with a bunch of guys for a bachelor party like I did this weekend. However I stayed before alone (for a conference) and it was really nice.. . I had some issues with the front desk both times - it seems like they hire people who are untrained, unexperienced in customer service, and I'm assuming low paid.. . I complained about this and the hotel was extremely slow to respond. The first time this past January, they basically said they were sorry and that was the end of it.. . So when I went this time I asked if they'd make amends another way. I asked them the Friday I came out - they didn't get me a full response until the coming Tuesday, so I missed out on any opportunity to capitalize on their offer while there.. . They offered me a discount on a future stay, I had requested passes for one of their clubs as amends. I think that's a half assed response, personally. I don't care for a 10% discount or whatever the discount is, give me something of value. Club comps are not a huge deal in my opinion. . . The restaurants are good though, good options. The pool is also great. But I have to say, it seems like NO ONE is happy to work in Vegas, it seems like no one likes being there. I have this theory that Vegas is an incredibly unhappy place, and I think it's probably true due to the absurdly shallow nature of the place. Also the fact that everyone's on the hustle. Vegas is sort of like a human circus in my opinion.. . But Mandalay Bay is a bit of a respite from that, it's got some luxury, and it's relatively quiet. . . I stopped by the pool party this past Friday for it's debut and it's pretty solid.. . I'd give the hotel 4 stars if it weren't for the terrible service. It's a shame because it's quite nice, the restaurants, the pool, all that.  But the people really matter and this is something Vegas just doesn't get right, and I think it has to do with the fact the Vegas is rotten at it's core. But don't get me wrong, I love the pool parties...
The best thing about Mandalay Bay is the tram that connects to the walking bridge to get to NYNY, Tropicana, and MGM Grand (and the train that connects that to the rest of the strip.) . . Mandalay Bay was a big deal BACK IN THE DAY, and you can tell. It's one of those giaganto resorts that were popular in the 90s. It's way too big! Getting lost each morning is pretty much de rigueur around there. . . Checking in while in the beginning stages of a newly-acquired Plane Cold, all I wanted was a bed. Which I got. Just a bed. No comforter. No blankets. Not sure where they were. The sheets were dirty, like housekeeping just remade the bed after the last person checked out. When I called to ask for new sheets and a BLANKET they did not understand what I was asking for. They finally sent someone up with a threadbare fleece blanket and I got to practice my lackluster Spanish (nuevo...sheets -insert lots of gestures here-... por favor?) and I still have no idea if I ever got new sheets. I just got to the point where I didn't care. . . Sickness meant a lot of hanging out in the room. So, the view was phenomenal (of the beach and pool area) and the bathroom was neat (toilet in its own little room and two sinks!) but there was a minibar. I HATE minibars. Does anyone even use them anymore? Remove the minibar and just leave me an empty fridge to use. Also- When did hotels stop having in-room coffee makers? I can't manage a trip down in the elevator to get coffee UNTIL I've had my coffee. ugh.. . I did order room service, which was the highlight of the trip. The woman on the phone figured out I was sick (hacking and coughing is a dead giveaway) and immediately added all kinds of stuff to my order, which SHE DID NOT CHARGE ME FOR. I nearly cried. Hot water, lemons, saltines, honey, salty chips, tea.... It was so nice. So she earned a star on her own just for taking care of me. . . The rest of the property was just so so. I like the places farther up the strip better.
I don't get the love for this hotel? We stayed there for 2 nights promised a view of the pool but got a room with a view of the roof waited in line for 1 1/2 hr to get checked in on a Friday night only 2 people at the counter. They do not care ! Valet always full. Was given bogus advice on where to pick up luggage on departure. We couldn't wait to leave this hotel. Best experience was initial bellman . Worst experience was checking in. Buffet was very good I would not go back. Jim d
I don't get the elements that makes this resort a family oriented place. There's ABSOLUTELY nothing for kids to do, especially for teenagers. . My family spent this past weekend at Mandalay along with 4 other families. We were a mix of toddlers, teenagers and adults. Our group of teenagers were disappointed that there was no arcade gaming place to hangout in. They were bored. . . The pool was the only place we spent family time. . . During the day, we had to take the tram to Excalibur and New York New York, where these Hotels have gaming activities for kids of all ages. It was fine but traveling to other casinos just takes up time fighting with crowds and traffic. . . Mandalay needs to build a gaming area for kids/children and it would be much more enjoyable for families.
Did not love this place.  . . We were so excited when our MLife points allowed a $96.00 per night Spa Suite here in August.  We were dying to go to the pool here and we love all the restaurants so were were pumped.  well.... . The room was average--it was very dark due to one small window that overlloed the back of the hotel.  The "spa" was just an oversized bathtub with jets.  My hubby and I could not fit comfortably in it together (we are not big people).  The bed was uncomfortable and the a/c cycled on and off all night and was very noisy.  I didn't sleep for 3 days.  . . The pool was OK but it was VERY crowded.  The first night we were there we went to the pool at 5 pm expecting to have about 2 hours but AFTER we went in we were told they were closing early for a special event and we had about 20 minutes.. . The room had a refrigerator but it was stocked and you could not remove anything or you would be immediately charged for it.  We wanted to up some stuff in it but we could not. . . Much better bang for your buck if you stay in a spa suite at the Monte Carlo.
Stayed at this hotel on 7/19/13-7/21/13.  First thing is that I would have expected much better service than what we received.  We splurged on a spa suite for our WEDDING weekend.  When I arrived at the hotel to check in, they tell me they can't find my room.  I begin to panic, but was able to find a confirmation number from Expedia (we booked through them).   They finally find my reservation just to tell me that they don't have a spa suite available, but will be happy to compensate by giving me $100 in slot play.  Ummm...........$100?!?!  I paid nearly $700 for 2 nights stay in a spa suite.  You want to downgrade me to a regular room which runs about $150 a night.... So that's nearly a $400 difference and you're going to give me $100?!?!?     Ummmm........I think not.  If you're going to give me a regular room, then you're going to reimburse me the difference, OR you can give me the room I booked in the 1st place.  I don't know what their customer service team is thinking, seriously.  So I basically had to argue back and forth for about 20 minutes with the check-in clerk.  Finally, she went to go get a manager just before I was about to lose my cool, and suddenly.... Wa la!  They magically found me a spa suite.  So they basically lied the entire time, and when they realized I wasn't going to give in, they gave me what I wanted.  I will not ever waste my money on this establishment again.  I'll stick to Bellagio and Treasure Island from now on.  Mandalay Bay has a few things to learn about customer service, ESPECIALLY at the rates they charge.  I have no problem paying those prices until my efforts and wedding are muddled by incompetence.  For incompetence, I will not be paying those prices at that establishment again.
First time staying at Mandalay Bay this past weekend for just one night. We decided to stay here because we were going to Light and didn't want to make such a long commute to where we regularly stay (Vdara, cosmo, aria). Got a standard room with 2 queens with no view. Beds were uncomfortable, room comes with 2 sinks, a shower and a tub. The walls ARE SO THIN that you can hear everything your neighbor is doing, showering..going to the bathroom, drinking, opening drawers, etc. & you hear all the doors slamming during the night which is annoying. . . What I don't like about this place is that it's so far from the middle of the strip. It's not like planet hollywood where you can walk to mcdonalds, pinks and earls to eat 24/7. Almost all of the restaurants there are closed late,  which is extremely inconvenient when you are drunk and hungry, leaving the club....walking barefoot. . . Overall, not a good stay, and definitely not coming back for the hotel, but definitely for the club though ;)
The room was nice the service sucked. Room service could have been better especially for the price.  Communication was mixed up all over the place.  One thing was said when booking room and upon arrival a total different thing was said. Valet brought the wrong car.
I was contacted by guest services and all that was said that they were sorry. Thanks for the apology.  At least they have someone all over the reviews that they get.
I've had my share of casinos on my strips: the Good (Aria), and the bad. I was excited to stay at Mandalay Bay for the first time because my friends and I were going to see the MJONE show. We had booked two rooms and we received our keys with check in without no problem. Or so we thought: . . When we walked in the room we discovered disheveled beds, suitcases, etc. WTH? Come to find out they gave us the wrong room! Luckily the room belonged to our other friends, but what if it was a stranger? What if we walked in and got attacked? We luckily got our rooms straightened out, an apology from the manager and one night comped, but still it is very disappointed that it happened. . . Another irritating thing is that we booked our rooms months in advance, then come to find out at the last minute MB had not only a great deal to book, but also a giftbag for MJONE. So basically you were penalized for being prepared...the fun part was the front desk blamed it on the box office, and vice versa. Gee, thanks. . . As for the room itself, it's pretty standard with beds, bathroom, etc. We had a good view of the MB Beach behind us. No problems except the last night someone called to complain we were too loud (mind you, there was a screaming child next door who didn't shut up the entire time we were there). . . Casino floor is ok, confusing to get through, but nothing spectacular. I do like the fact that it connects to the Luxor/Excalibur, plus there's restaurants and shops to get to. Also MB is near other casinos and the middle of the strip, which is good.
at first glance this place looked amazing. we walked into our room and thought wow, this is nice...then we walked around and all our happy thoughts all went away.... . the bathroom was dirty and had dirt balls everywhere, the sheets had blood and make up stains on them, the room and floor seemed dusty when you walked through..it just wasn't worth the price. . . I'm not a picky person either.. my husband and I stayed at the monte carlo before and bills and were happy with both those places for the price. my thing is, if you're going to pay more then I expect more.
Better only by hype, not substance.  One of the slowest check-ins in history.. . Non-smoking room smells very smokey. People still smoke in the corridors.. . The bathroom has a large window on the entry hall, so you can't let room service in the room, if someone in the bathroom wants privacy.. . The closets are cut in half verticallywith a shelf above and hanging space below.  Great unless you want to hang a pair of men's pants - not enough room.. . NO IN-ROOM COFFEE,  room service (+-$20) or lobby restaurants.  A mini-fridge is $35/night.. . Rooms overlooking the pool, even those over 30 floors up, are noisy from the band playing until 11:00.  Neighboring rooms were having a party on their return from the casino - love to be awakened at 2:00 - noise too 3:30.  Especially appreciated if you have a 6:00 AM wake-up for a conference.. . Alarm clock didn't work.  A service person came up and said - hey the time is correct!  But didn't think the alarm clock function on the alarm clock not working was a problem.  Two more visits and we got a new clock radio, but the new radio didn't have iPod docking like the original in the room.  Oh well.  IPod back to car.. . Don't eat at Mix.. . This was day one.  Can't wait to see what they can f-up in the next few days.
Came to gamble and buy tickets for the show. Asked a waitress for a drink said it wasn't her area. Set down and played for a hour no on came or asked if we needed anything. Service in the casino sucked..
This is our second stay and only stayed here because of our previous positive experience. This time was very different. The view from our strip-view room was fantastic, however the airport and traffic noise can be loud. They also charge a "resort fee" to cover costs of things that, apparently, people won't pay for otherwise, like wifi. The humorous thing about that is they say wifi is now complementary!! Really? I (like apparently others) will just use my personal hotspot or 3/4G!! . . Now to the room. I've stayed in cleaner Motel 6's. There was what my wife called boogers on the shower walls and something like dried Bon Ami (or Barkeepers Friend) on the bottom of the tub. The carpetmay have been vacuumed sometime since we were last here 4 1/2 years ago. There was an empty 1L water bottle under the chair and a bottle cap under the chaise. I used the ice tongs to remove the cap and put them in the tub with the rest of the used towels expecting to get a new one (more on that later). I called housekeeping and advised them of the weak attempt at cleaning the room and they said they would take care of the situation. . . Off we go for the day....... . We come back 6 hours later to get ready for our romantic dinner (we HIGHLY recommend Mon Ami Gabi in the Paris!!!!!! The filets are OUTSTANDING!!!!!) expecting to find a room that was sparkling clean. Well.... Still disappointed. The glass I left on the desk was still there where I left it. It appeared they wiped the desk AROUND the glass!! The plastic bag was still in the ice bucket with yesterdays melted ice. The lid was on the bucket (?) and tongs on top. Now, am I to believe we got clean tongs? I think not!!!! The carpet appeared to have been vacuumed this time, BUT... I had some raisins for a snack and spilled a couple on the floor. I figured this would be a good test and left them on the floor; in plain sight under the desk. They were still there when we got back. Continuing on to the bathroom. It looked clean, but only one of the glasses was replaced. The paper coaster was replaced.....  I had to call the desk for a clean glass. . . This was our last stay here and next time will be at The Hampton Inn!!!
Hotel used to be very nice has gone downhill fast. Room was dirty hair in the shower since day 1 not mine (I'm bald). Place is in dire need of renovation. Water was off when I tried to shower so cross country travel should be a treat today. Told the checkout lady about my negative experience got a simple "sorry". Was here for an event. Plan ur events elsewhere too many other hotels that are newer and nicer. Don't know what they could have done at checkout to appease me as I was leaving but something more than sorry would've been better the group I was with spent 6 figures here for this show. Dining is nice but rooms are horrible.
If you are looking for an easy check-in, check-out process don't come here. I reserved a King Suite, I got a room with a double queen bed (for my husband and myself). I called to confirm my reservation the morning of arrival and was told my KING SUITE was reserved and everything was fine. I get to the hotel and was told that they sold out of them, but I could pay an additional $70 a night to get a different suite with a view (a view? who cares??). I was given some attitude when I pointed out that my husband and myself were a little disappointed and was told "sorry, nothingI can do" by the man at check-in as he handed us the room keys to the room we didn't want. Given that it was a holiday weekend, I figured and it was really busy and everyone is a little on edge, so I didn't stick around to argue with the man. So the weekend goes by with no further issues. *Side note, this hotel was cheap, but not worth paying for the cab rides back and forth to be in the "action". I should have stayed somewhere else, but I was with a group and they chose this hotel.* So, when I arrived home I receive an email asking for my review of the hotel. Gladly! I was going to email a complaint anyways! I tell them honestly what had happened and that I was overall a little disappointed with the lack of customer service with my issue. Here is where it gets super annoying. I receive and email back saying I would receive a credit of $325. I am thinking "WOW this hotel has totally changed my mind! I cannot believe they were going to comp my room! I will definitely stay there again!" ya...I was thinking that they actually care about their customers' opinions and were legitimately sorry for screwing up our reservation. Maybe they were just busy and the staff was having a bad night when I arrived and it isn't usually so unorganized!  So today I check my credit card balance online and see that I was given a credit of $56. So I call to ask what was going on. 20 minute hold time for disputes. woman transfers me to the hotel guest services. I talk to 2 different people in guest services. 40 minutes later they tell me "Oops we actually only wanted to credit you $56. Sorry." The supervisor then hung up on me as I was mid sentence.   I don't know about anyone else, but when it is mid December (holiday season!) and I think am going to be receiving $325 and I only get $56, I am pissed! So now for the moral of this story. They aren't just having a busy/bad day. They really are just extremely unorganized and rude.
When I first first arrived in Vegas with my boyfriend, Mandalay Bay appeared to be a nice looking hotel with a laid back, but sophisticated vibe. The staff at check-in and concierge were fantastic and very helpful, and our room was spacious and nicely decorated. . . The overall experience, however, was mixed.. . Unfortunately, we found the house keeping standards to be low, and our experience with the cleanliness of the room were not positive. One of the towels left for us had large stains all over it, and upon close inspection there were small blood stains that were not washed off on the inside of the shower glass from the previous occupant. In hindsight we probably should have complained, but not wanting to cause a fuss we remained silent on the matter thinking to be simply a case of bad luck. . . Over the next couple of days other towels seemed to have minor stains on them and were pretty rough. This probably reflects the age of the towels being used but was still a little disappointing overall. In addition, one of the nights we also found stains on the sheets as well. This led to the nightly tradition of checking all towels before we took showers.. . Another fault we found with the hotel was that the walls between rooms felt a little thin. We were woken up by our neighbors in the mornings and practically able to hear every word that was being said. This was frustrating at 8am when we were trying to relax and enjoy our vacation, and all we could hear was cursing and loud voices.. . Mandalay Bay, like all of Vegas' hotels, allows smoking  which can be a little bit of a shock if you come from a more clean, non-smoking environment like we do. In the state I am from smoking is not permitted indoors or within 20 feet of a building, so that came as a surprise to me. The air freshener scent used to cover up the smell of smoke wasn't the best smell either. We left Vegas with a bit of a cough and left a lot of blood on our tissues when needing to blow our noses. We understand this is not just a Mandalay Bay thing but it does impact on ones ability to enjoy the Vegas experience. This being said, we are the minority when it comes to this topic and it in no way affected our rating, it is just a note to those who are new to Sin City like we were.. . Mandalay Bay also features a classy looking bar and lounge located on the top floor of one of the hotels you can usually get free admission into, but be prepared to pay a bit for drinks (around $11 for basic spirits). This club also comes with a wonderful view of the strip and an outdoor viewing deck, but don't expect to go enjoy the view or get a few pictures, this area is roped off for private parties along with the majority of the seating. You are left to lean against a wall with your $11 drink and watch the private party enjoy themselves. . . Because we got our reservations online Mandalay included a $75 gift card to the Crystal shops. All these stores are designer and carry nothing for $75. That being said, it also included the Starbucks (Also more expensive) bus this was able to buy us coffee, snacks and breakfast for the entirety of our stay. It is cool they included Starbucks, because otherwise we would not have used the card, and it saved us money. This kindness was highly appreciated. . . Lastly, The pool, which Mandalay is known for.... IS CLOSED IN WINTER. I understand that this is to save some money, and many people would not use it. However the pool was one of the main reasons I picked the hotel. They did not inform us of the closure until we checked in. Coming from a cold location, Vegas is not that cold to me and I would have liked to enjoy the beach pool.. . . Located at the bottom of the strip, Mandalay Bay can sometimes feel a little far away from other hotels and attractions, but the free monorail service between Luxor and Excalibur was a useful and convenient service. Overall however, we found better attractions that suited us at other hotels, and the disappointing house keeping standards left us a little underwhelmed with what appears from the outside to be a beautiful looking hotel.
I've had worse and I've had better. I remember coming here when the hotel was new and it was exciting to be in the casino. Heck, it was exciting to be in the lobby. No more. Tired, bored croupiers and a seemingly endless stream of Stripwalkers with strollers and beer yards. Oh, boy... will this keep people wanting to come back? On the plus side, a great venue in HOB and the beach, whilst crowded and hot, is a great place for young twenty somethings
