this is a beautiful casino, but unless you are dressed like you have thougsands of dollars to spend, don't expect any service or any room at the tables.
Hubby and I make a trek to Vegas every summer to reconnect and just "be", stayed at The Wynn in June 2010 for the first time.   STUNNING looks but lacking in service and security....check in took over an hour - we stood in 1 line and suddenly that line just closed leaving us and a few others ahead of us to go to the BACK of the line somewhere else. No explanation, nothing.  Just ridiculous.   The next day was our first visit to the pool.   Very nice,  but lots of unattended wild kids.   Yes it's a free country but these kids were just nuts, running all over the place, splashing right where we were sitting. Sorry, but if I had to hear screamimg kids yell "MARCO...POLO" one more time I was going to lose it!  We eventually had enough and just left the pool.   On our way out I mentioned this to security (they have signs posted that children must be accompanied at all times).  The guy just shrugged and said they'd "check into it" but he never left his seat.   Not to be bitchy but when I'm on vacay I don't want someone elses kids in my face constantly.   So we get back to our room and the security lock bar was turned to keep the door propped open so we were a little freaked but went inside and nothing appeared to be taken.  I honeslty think after reading reviews on this site at a few places about theft issues of peoples rooms bring broken into that the housekeeping did this to allow somene else to come in and rob our room but we came back from the pool too soon (guess I SHOULD thank those unruly kids for that one).... we immediately called down to security who came up to our room and because nothing was taken that we could see, was indifferent and acted as it it was no big deal.  He said he thinks housekeeping must have accidentally did that (seriously????) Why would security even do that, cmon'....   I called down to the front desk and explained what happened and asked to speak to the manager and was put on "perma-hold" so eventually hung up,  I did eventually make contact with a manager (Tim I think) who was pretty indifferent about it as well. When something like that happens it sort of ruins your thoughts about a place regardless of anything else that may have been good.   Will we return there? Doubtful, we're headed back to Vegas in May 2011 and am staying at The Palazzo.....
My wife and I just returned from a 2 night 3 day trip to Vegas and we stayed at the Wynn.  We loved our room...spacious, comfortable, large window overlooking the golf course..and we generally liked the hotel for its natural light, restaurants and the Water Light show BUT Friday night the NOISE from the night clubs (Wynn has one and Encore has one) kept us up until 4 AM!  The bass was so loud our room was pounding and we were on the 35th floor!  Complaints to the staff were met with I am sorry but nothing we can do about it.  They said guests were complaining all the way up to the 50th floor (there are only 60 floors).  I cannot recommend this hotel on weekends if you want to sleep.  How could you design a resort with such a noise problem?
No fans or air conditioning in bathrooms.  You will sweat like a pig!
I came in to stay the weekend with a group of friends at The Wynn, we had three rooms. First problem we had on check in we had booked together but got there to be told we were each being put on a different floor. Ouch not the start we had hoped for. . . We started the next day off in the pool area, we rented one of the circle pads in the water. We had a blast and the staff and pool were great. This was the highlight of our stay. Got to play some blackjack outside and that was very cool. After pool decided to gamble inside before we went out clubbing that night. I did OK but the dealers to me were very lacking, not fun or helpful, the other 4 places we gambled later that night were much better. The pit just had no energy, blah. . . The next morning we had the breakfast buffet for $19.99, I felt the food and service were good. . . That day ate lunch in the Cafe having an excellent hot dog and latte, felt it was better value than the lunch buffet. . . At night our AC was not working or was fixed to not go too cold, we could not get it below 74 that night, ouch what a bummer. That morning my other friends in the other two rooms complained the same thing. It was my thinking they had them fixed at that temp because it did the same thing our last night too. . . On the last night one of our friends went home early and the other person from his room was going to join us for the night in our room, so 3 (big guys) of us sleeping there. We had two doubles in our room and called the front desk to bring up a pull out bed for us and we were promptly told no can do, only king sized bed rooms are allowed an extra bed, wtf. We were tired and didn't really want to get into it with the staff so we just hung up pissed when they refused to work with us. . . Overall Its a nice hotel with a lot going for it but the management/staff was not up to par at all and the whole AC thing was a major drag. Chances of me staying here again are slim, way too many better Hotels in Vegas.
Overall the place was OK.  But just ok.  Going to Vegas I wanted dazzle and sparkle and instead got my grandma's casino.  I detracted stars for the overwhelming cigarette smoke that was a constant around the casino (others don't seem to smell...), the decor - very dated even though it is new, and the service -- while I understand the place has a gazzillion people check out on sunday's that is no reason to treat people like cattle.  The goods: the rooms are huge and beautiful and the cabana's were well worth it.  I will go back to Vegas but will check out a new hotel for the next go-round.
Excellent rooms, polite staff. I was there for a convention and the food for breakfast and lunch were sub par. In addition, just my personal opinion, but I think the ethics they have regarding over serving people at the tables is in question. I was playing a few hands of black jack with some co-workers, and there was an acquaintance at our table that was almost falling over. He actually spilled a full glass of red wine on the table, and they kept serving him. I found out about an hour later that he lost over $20,000 at the table. He should have been cut off from drinking and gambling. . . The Wynn is what one can expect of an upper scale resort / casino as far as rooms, image, and service. I guess anywhere anyone goes to drink and gamble should have some individual self control, but as an upscale business they should know where to draw the line.
I don't know why everybody likes the Wynn?! We got a room with 2 DOUBLE BEDS on the 40th something floor?!! Everywhere else in Vegas have QUEEN BEDS, and I could not believe my eyes that they actually put 2 doubles in such an upscale fancy place like the Wynn. I mean everything else was great, like the view of the golf course, the room service... but double beds, come on Wynn. Even Flamingo, TI, Harrahs have queen beds! Also the carpet was really dirty, I think it's suppose to be light yellow, ours was yellow and black. AND we had hotel neighbors, a bunch of douchbags guys, saying we were "too loud" at 9PM on a Friday night?! Who does that?! It's VEGAS, we came here to party, not sleep at 9PM. Walls are paper thin, we heard our neighbors as they heard us. . . Someone should ask Mr. Wynn why he decided to be shady on the beds and walls when it's such a luxurious hotel. I'm disappointed, I would not book at the Wynn again. . . The hotel was nice, but rooms itself were not worth it.
Long lines in check in and check out. Slow and can not even find me easily and then give me crappy room even though was guaranteed a good room by client.  Windows dirty in room and next to roof and was noisy. Hard to get fresh air with cigarette smoke that is not well vented. Funny they did not even ask if I enjoyed my stay. Been there a dozen times but they had no clue. Internet WiFI was $20 for 40 minutes. Ripoff like Internet in rooms. Wow! Not good for five star hotel!
Stayed here recently. The place nickel and dimes you a little too much. Fitness Center Usage, 15$ .really. It small and not even that nice. Machines aren't cybex either and no free weights. . . The restaurants are good, but the actually hotel and services are lacking for certain. . . Better off in the newer properties, Cosmo, etc. For the quality of the hotel and tough location, its not worth it to stay here.
Front desk was not very helpful the person who took care of us. He wrote the wrong room number, so we try to go in someone else room. Not very good nothing was done to take care of the matter. So make sure you take to the manger.
More and more I realize 2 things: 1) Life is too short to have bad customer service and 2) Life is too short to suffer fools.  . . Here is the breakdown of the highs and lows:. . Checkout (1 star):  As I waited in line for an eternity, I noticed why it was taking people so long to check out.  It was like taking a time machine back to prehistoric times as they were filling out carbon copies of TPS forms and other things for mini-bars and room charge disputes.  Receipts took forever to be printed out and apparently someone was scrawling them on a stone tablet.  . . Here is the worst part, after waiting my turn in line, I finally got to the counter.  I asked the lady behind the desk if she would take a fedex pack (already prepaid) and just have it dropped off in a fed ex box.  She said this is not her job and I would have to walk across the entire casino to the business center to drop it off.  Mind you I was checking out so I had all my bags.  Seriously?  That is about as bad as it gets.  Apparently she forgot she is in a customer service industry *Sigh*.  Had I the time or the inclination I would have pointed out to her where she failed.  . . Valet (5 star): On a positive note, I asked the valet if he could do this for me and he happily obliged so I gave him a nice tip.  . . Pool (2 star):  Getting to the pool is a real hassle which requires multiple elevators and winding halls if you are going from your room to the pool.  Pool area is ok and I like the long stretch in the middle which allows you to get a little workout if you like.. . Room (4 star):  Room is nice with a comfortable bed.  The TV takes forever to get to the regular channels.  The wifi worked ok but something about this hotel really screwed with my cell service.  . . Overall:  the lady at the check out pissed me off so bad that I left disappointed.
I would so much have loved to have given Wynn a higher rating, but in all honesty I can't. I'm really not a prima donna when it comes to hotels, and Wynn is certainly beautiful, with excellent restaurants, a terrific spa, and lovely guest accomodations. Most of our experience with the facility and staff were very positive. However, as others have suggested here, Wynn struggles with customer service--which is surprising for a high-end Vegas hotel in a competitive environment.. . Here's what happened, as I recounted to Wynn's guest relations in an email immediately following our return from staying there:. . "One thing marred an otherwise excellent weekend, and sort of. soured my Wynn Las Vegas experience overall. While most of. your staff were friendly and courteous, we encountered a. security guard at the entrace to the pool outside the. Terrace Pointe Cafe who was remarkably rude and unpleasant.. We were exploring the property on Saturday mid-afternoon,. and took the elevator marked simply "Pool and Spa" (I'd. taken the same elevator up to the Spa earlier that day) to. the pool. The guard in the tent near the entrance asked to. see our room keys, which we showed him. He informed us that. our Red Cards (which are also room keys) were not room keys,. and suggested that we were improperly "trying to get in. here" and should leave. We told him that our cards were in. fact room keys, that we'd been using them to open our room. since Friday, but he kept saying, in louder tones, that they. ere not room keys. Seeing no point in further discussion, we went. back inside.. . "We later learned, at the registration desk, that that pool. area is reserved for the Tower Suites. That's fine, and I. have no problem with reserved areas, but nothing indicated. hat was the case, and the security guard obviously had no. idea what a Resort Room key looked like (nor did he bother. to explain, if he knew, what the situation was--had he done. so, in even a professional if not courteous way, we would. have understood completely). Instead, we were made to feel. like trespassers or party crashers, and that's not a. pleasant way for a guest to be made to feel in a high-end. property such as Wynn. Needless to say, I was very surprised. by the event, and it sort of clouded the rest of the. afternoon. I was also surprised that the staff person I. spoke to about the incident at the front desk was, while. polite, not especially distressed by our experience. "Well, some. of our security guards can be a little gruff," I was told.. Certainly "gruffness" is good when the bad. guys come around; not so much when directed at guests.". . What's disturbing to me mostly is that we never received any response to this email. I'm seriously not shopping for comps, but I would have expected some sort of acknowledgment from Wynn management that something inappropriate happened, that a guest's experience was clouded by a staff person's poor behavior, but...nothing. Silence.. . That customer service failure takes Wynn right off my list. There are many fine places to stay in Vegas that offer a reasonable level of responsiveness and customer service. I would encourage others to find them, as I will.
The Wynn is a beautiful hotel but the customer service does not meet my expectations. A hotel of this level can do much better. I emailed my complaints to guest services so below is an excerpt of my complaints.. . -----------. My recent stay at the Wynn left me incredibly underwhelmed. There were several problems during our stay.. . 1. Although check in was at 3pm.  Our rooms were not available until after 5pm.. . 2. I asked for tape upon check in. I called at least 3 times from check in until the following morning before tape was brought to my room. I would have appreciated follow up from the hotel.. . 3. In the morning of 6/2 the tv in 5846 did not work. I called for service and a new remote was brought to our room. It did not work. I called and asked that the tv should be serviced during the day. When I returned to the room after 6pm, the tv still did not work. Someone came to fix the tv after 6 pm but it took an entire day to service something so simple.. . 4. Housekeeping closed the doors connecting our 2  rooms on 6/2 so my friend could not retrieve her items from the adjoining room. It took an hour before someone came to fix the problem.. . 5. I left my sweater in 5848. I find your $15 admin fee  for returned items to be outrageous.. . 6. Coffee makers are not in the rooms. That should be standard.. . 7. The refrigerators are stocked full of your merchandise. A $25 rental fee for a refrigerator is ridiculous. . . 8. There were several times that no one answered the front desk phone, housekeeping phone or concierge phone.. . Most of these items were minor inconveniences that luckily did not dampen our Las Vegas experience however I am confident that other hotels can do better.. . I hope that you make some significant improvements to enhance your guests' experiences.. . ----------------. Just to be fair:. . Some good notes. . -They waived the admin fee to return an item a left in the room. :). . -The room was beautiful.. . -The bathroom was huge.. . -The hotel was clean and didn't reek of smoke.. . So there you have it. There are too many options on the Strip to be so disappointed.
Maybe this is a good place to party till 6 AM, but it is THE WORST PLACE YOU CAN IMAGINE if having a meeting, convention, or anything else that requires people to be able to be awake and think in the morning. On one side is Encore, which blasts music till 6 AM that had glasses thumping in rooms up past the 30th floor. On the other side is The Mirage, where the volcano exploding every hour may awaken anyone who hasn't taken a sleeping aid. To top it off the staff, while nice, seems not to understand what is going on in the hotel, or where, and misdirected me numerous times with 100 pounds of luggage in tow. My hand and arm are now bruised. I have yet to experience a worse business trip in Las Vegas, and that is saying a lot, as I did stay at the old "rattison" before they tore it down.
Unfortunate stay, paltry customer service for the elite hotel this is supposed to be. . I've stayed at the Wynn in the past and have had a good experience and this time around, it left me heartbroken and disappointed.. . I booked a room well-in-advance, at least 1.5 months before, to stay based on a promotional offer I received in the mail.  I was able to get one complimentary night, and for ANY discount, I am grateful.  However, the service just didn't sit right with me from the beginning. . . When checking in around 4PM, I was told they no longer had any double-bed rooms available, although I had clearly booked reservations for double-bed room.  If I wanted a king bed, I would've asked for that in the beginning. . . Hiromi at the front desk apologized, but was not able to accommodate us any further.  What do I get for the inconvenience?  Anything?  No, but we will see if any room opens up tomorrow and call you tomorrow.. . The next day, we receive no call.  So we're stuck with the king and a rollaway.  Had I been a petty person, I would've thrown an outrageous fit.  However, because I'm a good calm citizen, I accepted it as is, and just went along with it.  Though inside, I was frustrated.. . It led me to think, did we get shorted the room we wanted, because we were on a promotional deal?  It also made me wonder if we were getting the short end of the stick because we're younger, not the elite-looking type of older people who come through those casino doors.. . I also requested a late check-out on our last stay, because we had spent most of the night up enjoying Vegas, and would require a little extra time (simply an hour!) to get packed and organized before heading out.  When I called the front desk at 4AM, Thierry told me I would have to check back at 8AM and they would let me know if a late check out would be available.  So I asked, what is the difference between knowing now and 8am?  I was not given an answer.  Instead, when I finally mentioned how much of an inconvenience our stay had been from the start, she reluctantly gave in and said, OK we will give you an additional hour for late check-out.  I had to battle tooth+nail simply for an extended check-out.  I've stayed at many-a-hotel in Vegas before, and I've never had to ask more than once for a late-check out.. . Other hotels I've stayed at have kindly offered upgrades for just-for-the-heck-of-it convenience, and here it seemed like we were just expected to stomach the inconvenience. . . The only great service I received was from their concierge who offered plenty of answers and suggestions without complaints and a pleasant attitude.  The front desk should be trained in a similar manner.. . I don't expect to be treated like a king, but for the price you pay for a 5-star hotel, I would hope that a guest wouldn't get undermined into being treated like a pauper.
The bottom line: If I could I would choose another hotel any time.. . I stay at the Wynn once a year for an annual conference. I have heard much about it before coming - the grandeur, the size, the facilities. I would use other words: smelly, noisy, unpleasant service, constantly looking for ways to remove money from your pocket.. . The pros: Indeed lavish rooms, great views, and there is no real need to leave the hotel if you have the money to afford what is offered within. The pool is really nice.. The cons: Disclosure - I do not care for Vegas. But many of my problems with the Wynn are specific. First of all the internet situation - In 2012 I do not think charging $14 a day for internet is ethical. Especially as free WiFi is scarce and poorly located (perhaps on purpose). Second, The place stinks. It smells of cigarettes and some sort of synthetic odor that does a pretty poor job at masking the cigarette smoke. Thirdly, the staff is unpleasant. True - they will all constantly smile and ask you how you are. But this is a plastic exterior. It is more than obvious this is what they were told to do. From my experience they did not go out of there way to help several problems I have encountered including checking in to a room on time, for instance (they had the wrong kind of room and I had to check my bags in and be late for a conference). Another example is the pool. The pool is awesome. But the hours are uncomfortable (9 AM - 6 PM). That is not enough. And for some reason the staff kept asking that we leave a few minutes ahead of time toward the end of the day (and always once the end of the day is approaching several of them suddenly appeared and kept asking us to finish swimming. Why repeat?).
Stay at Cosmo or Bellagio if you really want a first rate Vegas experience without the elitist attitude you get from the Wynn.
First time staying at the Wynn. Our Deluxe Room had a lovely panoramic view. In the bathroom we found The used robes and hair all over the floor. The carpet had debris on it. We requested another room which was slightly cleaner. Still had carpet debris and a dirty streaked smudged mirror. We won't be back. I'm rating 2 star because the view from the 51st floor was breathtaking.
It's 3 am and I am writing this review because I 'm wide awake in my room on the 58th floor on the golf course side of the Wynn Tower Suites.  The operator told me the bass beats vibrating and pounding through my walls are due to the nightclub in the casino, 58 floors below that goes indoor/outdoor on weekends.  She said don't worry, it will stop by 4:30 when the club closes.  She offered me ear plugs. SERIOUSLY!  Overall, the hotel is great.  Just DO NOT book your room on the golf course side.  I'm assuming the strip side doesn't have the same problem.  A 5-star hotel this is not, that I can't expect to sleep before the club closes at 4:30 am.  Maybe I'll go join the party...I wonder if they'll comp my admission?
If you asked me in 2011, I would have given the Wynn 12 stars, easily. My experience there at that time gave me an entire new perspective on Vegas. I will never forget one detail, and I can't begin to describe my trip. In a word, impeccable.. . So fast forward to the week of 3/7/13, my husbands birthday, and it was the total opposite. Starting with the room. There was a major electrical wiring issue in the panoramic suite we were assigned to, and so we were moved (thankfully we hadn't unpacked yet!). Instead of a comparable room, or even an upgrade to a suite for the inconvenience, we were changed to a standard room with a mattress that was YEARS past replacing. Absolutely no support, and it felt so worn out! Our sleep that night (and every night that followed) was restless, fitful, and exhausting. We spent our entire weekend at the resort. I went to the salon and the spa, my husband played a round of golf, and every meal was at one of their restaurants. At SW, we were informed that our reservation was made for the NEXT night, not the one we requested, and the host managed to scrounge up a table at a HORRIBLE spot for us. Instead of apologizing for the mix-up or trying to fix the situation, he made a joke about my husband's age and told us to "enjoy". The meal was fantastic, but we were squished in the middle of two other couples (one of which I'm almost POSITIVE was an escort date), and the other who fought the entire time. The seating is weird. There's a long bench with three small tables on the other side. Not private, not romantic, and certainly not worth a $400 meal. The steak  was fantastic! Too bad we will never be back! The casino bartenders were great, we were never thirsty. My salon/spa experience were great! The only thing that saved the trip from being a complete disaster was the golf. Sure, it was pricey, but it was the first time we actually felt like "guests". Everyone was wonderful, the course was beautiful, and we had an amazing afternoon. The last straw was out last evening, Saturday. The serial nights of not-sleeping were REALLY dragging on our patience, and the exhaustion was so bad that we considered sleeping on the floor, desperate for some rest. The noise from the clubs (we were on the 58th floor) didn't help either. So, at 2am on Sunday, we'd had enough. It was time to go home.. At check-out, we expressed our dissatisfaction and disappointment, given the fact that we utilized nearly every amenity available, and would still rate our overall experience as terrible. The clerk, never made eye contact, and his auto-response of "yes sir", became annoying as it became clear that he was used to this, and we were getting nowhere. He took $100 off of our dinner bill, but nothing more. So, at 230am, we packed up the car and drove away. We were saddened, disappointed, and left, pretty sure we would never be back.. The WORST part of this? I sent a detailed email to the website, under the section for guest comments, nearly a week ago. Although I received an auto-reply that my email would be addressed, I have yet to hear one word from the Wynn. . It is a gorgeous resort, no doubt about that. And perhaps we'd had a series of disappointing events, unreflective of the typical stay. I know my first experience was amazing. So, keep an open mind, but be prepared, just in case!
Hotel is beautiful and if you want to stay at a place where you will be treated like shit, this is the place for you. I stayed here last year and it took me an hour and a half to check in at what they like to call the VIP check in.  Believing it was an isolated instance, I came back this year. I reserved an $800 suite four months ago and it is now 5:00 pm and the room is still not ready. The staff and manager offer no accommodations or apologies and their attitude is that if I don't like paying for a room that I don't get to use, I should stay somewhere else. I assured them that I would on all future stays.
Consider this is a 5 star hotel, I expect top notch service and quality. To my disappointment, it's not on par with my expectations. . It's a long walk from the garage to registration. I pass the guest elevator on the way. So after carrying all the luggage to check in, I have to back track to the elevator. Does that make sense? Who designed this place?. After getting to the lobby, I expect big smiles and friendly staff; unfortunately, no. I waited in line for about 30 minutes just to check in. This man name John had this pissy look on his face. He didn't want to explain anything to us and just hands over a piece of paper for us to read about our stay. We asked for a higher floor and he said its not available unless we pay $25 a night for an upgrade that includes panoramic view of Vegas, which we later found out that a higher floor room was available free of additional charge. He just didn't want to give it to us.. I finally got the room keys and headed to the hotel room, but found out that the bed sheets were dirty and had blood stains. Unbelievable to be experiencing these kind of things at a 5-star hotel.. Anyways, after the blood stain incident, we got another room. The hotel was not apologetic or anything. We moved to a higher floor, not the upgraded room but just another room slightly higher than the one we were in. That's how we found out there were rooms available at the higher floor without a $25 additional charge. . Wynn's room is very nice and new, but based on my first experience at this hotel, I wasn't very happy with their services.
The hotel would be fine, if it didn't have a casino right in the center and the whole bottom floor didn't smell like cigarette smoke.. . Our non-smoking room was completely fine and my oasis from the cigarette smell. They had great amenities and we had a view of the strip. There was great shopping nearby and they had plentiful restaurants. The low rating is for the cigarette smell that is unavoidable downstairs.
