The hotel have really gone downhill.  I had hopes that it would improve after it became PH after being the cheesy Aladdin Hotel but nooo..... . Cons:. -rooms decoration are very cheesy. -rooms are terribly lit, super dark, some were missing lamps completely. -fixtures are old, bathroom still look like when it was Aladdin. -wall paper and floor are very dirt. -tubs are crusty. -service at front desk and concierge is EXTREMELY slow and rude. -iron leaked rust water all over my bf's shirt. . Pros:. (has nothing to do with the hotel and more with the casino). -heart bar is open 24hrs. -pleasure pit is fun to play at
Been staying here since it was remodeled as the Aladdin. This time, the maid forgot to clean our room, didn't give us enough variety sizes of towels( all large size), left her cleaning solution in the bathroom, shower never got hot.  Mattress had a sink hole.  The buffet was terrible. Either the food had too much seasoning or none at all. Was better off eating at the sandwich place.  I think the travel lodge down the street may have been more comfortable. Never was so happy to go home to my own bed and shower.
Meh. I've experienced better could not better describe my stay at the PH hotel and casino. Other features like PF Changs, Earl of sando, the miracle mile shops, and their location makes this place okay to stay at and deserve 5 stars.. . This hotel and casino on the other hand kinda sucks. And let me say I am no prude and a young man whos used to not so great circumstances. I go to vegas and drop money to have a nice experience. The room is so dark you cant see anything, the girl at the desk could not have been any ruder and really pissed me off. . . Is there any security anywhere in this hotel at all????????/ Black bums asking me and my girlfriend if we need any blow or if they can have a cigerette or 5 dollars. GTFOH. Not to mention no one checks your room key going up to the room so anyone who wants to go up to your floor and rob you after they see you get a hand pay can have at it. . . Ive also never seen machines so tight in any casino anywhere. But thats my bad luck, table games to, it just wasnt happening. . . Im very glad I only paid $55 a night. I will stay elsewhere unless they offer me a free room.. . Some things we did enjoy were earl of sandwich, pf changs happy hour for a late lunch, spice market buffet, the hottie dealers, miracle mile, pbr rock bar and grill.
A smoker's paradise!!  Problem is, I don't smoke and neither does my wife.. . We stayed for a week, starting just before New Years, and like most casinos on the strip, they had crowd control issues, so nothing I really see as their fault.  Our room featured Spartacus, which we both thought was cool.  The room was decent size, comfortable bed, and a great view of the parking structure.  The restaurants on site were decent, Earl of Sandwich is always a good play, Yolos was good, but boring.  However, I wouldn't stay here again since I always gamble a LOT where I stay and the smoke factor is just way too much.. . Also, this one really irked me, but the cashier lines take FOREVER!  While waiting in line for 10 minutes, a guy walks over to the Diamond line.  The cashier asks to see his Diamond card.  He says he isn't a Total Rewards member.  Cashier says, OK, don't worry about it.  Four other people moved to that line and the cashiers didn't care.  I ultimately had to force my way in front of someone to get helped.  Extra bad because I had more than $4,000 in chips at the time and without the cashiers enforcing people's personal space, I was slightly concerned that some drunk person was going see the stack of hundies and try something.. . On the plus side, I did see Holly Madison walking around and she was pretty cool with taking pictures with people, so props to her.
I like the casino, that's why we decided to stay here. However, we were pretty underwhelmed as hotel guests. The staff is rude and apathetic as crap, talking poop right in front of guests. At least hide your disdain for everyone! The rest of society does. The buffet is bomb but next time I go to Vegas, I will for sure stay somewhere else.
This Place is HORRIBLE...... . We stayed here because it is part of the Harrahs family of hotels and Ceasars was sold out do to some big convention. Checked into the room, and noticed the doors had been broken off of the closet, the Window was the size of a peep hole, the room smelled, and I had to call the operator to ask if there was a rollercoaster at the hotel because it sounded like there was one right over our room. When I called down to ask for a room change, there was never an answer from the front desk (I was on hold for 20 mins). I finally just went down to the front desk where the nightmare continued. Finally after 20 mins of bickering, we were placed in a new room, (when the conversation started, there were no different rooms but one must have magically appeared). The service at this hotel is downright AWFUL. Upon checkout, I called the valet to have the car pulled up...Nope, can't do that, have to go down to the stand before they will grab your car. The toilet in the new room was broken and the list just goes on and on with this place.. . On a different note, the poker room was great because the clientele who stay here are generally drunk by 11AM so it was easy money at the tables. That alone brought it from one star to Two
I stayed here in November 2010 and the experience was mediocre.  The room was small with a tiny window...the drink service on the casino floor was horrible.  The dealers didn't seem friendly at all.  We had to complain about the hour wait for our drinks at the casino - which is ridiculous.  The floor manager eventually comped us $50 for the sandwich shop - Earl of Sandwich. I don't know what we were supposed to do with $50 worth of sandwiches either. (To be fair the sandwiches were pretty awesome). Overall I wouldn't stay here again.
DISAPPOINTED! so when i stayed here to celebrate a friends birthday we SPECIFICALLY asked for a non smoking room. When we get there we instantly smell the cigarrete smell. So we call & tell them. What happens? some rude woman tells us they booked us in that room because that was the only room left.....i mean like for real? So we stay in the room for the first 2 days & by the 3rd day it was just ridiculous, the smell got so bad it was difficult to even breathe in there. SO we complained once again we even told them how displeased we have been with our stay. I was expecting them to comp us or something, but instead she says she will extend our check out time the next day by an hour... this was literally my face -_______-. yeah. ..BUT  i'm giving it 2 stars because the security & the throw up cleaner is super cool!
I had such high hopes for this place 'cause I loooooooved the casino last year.  But not this time around.  Drink service got much slower, they took out the video roulette machines, very few real reel nickel and penny slots.  They also changed their beer selection for worse.. . The bed was very mildly themed, beds were more uncomfortable than IMPERIAL PALACE (and that place doesn't even hide it's a dump, sorry budget hotel.)  Some of the towels when we walked in were wet (gross.) The daily "cleaning" was abysmal, they barely made up the bed and did nothing else.  No new towels and no new toiletries.. . On the plus side, the elevators were quick.
Besides bad food at Planet Dailies, I enjoyed my stay at PH last time. That was why I suggested my family to stay there this time. However, it was a disappointment. Was it because of spring break and the crowd? The bath tub in our room was not clean. My sister saw floating grey particles before she entered the tub. Yeah, that was gross. I asked house keeping to clean the tub but apparently the person who answered the phone did not understand the word "tub". I repeated 5 time "Please send someone to clean the bath tub" and all I got was "what?" REALLY?
I'll start by saying that I understand hotels experience maintenance problems that need to be fixed due to the high volume of guests staying at the hotel, however... . . We got the handicap access room where there is an open shower instead of a stall. The shower drain clogged, breaking the plastic barrier and ultimately flooded our bathroom. While the maintenance crew drilled, snaked, and scraped the bathroom, they had to use 24 towels to soak up the water (which they told us would be cleaned up). . . Hours later we returned to see the bathroom hadn't been cleaned and the two dozen towels were left in a huge wet pile in front of the toilet. There was some sort of communication breakdown because they brought extra towels but no one to clean up the mess. . . The front desk staff didn't offer to anything in return for the inconvenience except a smoking room because they were booked. They only reluctantly gave us a hotel credit after we asked, but we still got charged for gratuity (Even though we generously tipped the staff). . . Overall, it was the customer service we were dissatisfied with - none of the staff tried to go above and beyond considering we spent several hundred dollars to stay in their hotel. We definitely won't be staying here again.
With so many places to go in Las Vegas I can't really claim that this is a must see. It is fun to go to the miracle mile shops though.
Rooms are fine but the overall experience is horrible, extremely long walk from parking garage to casino. The cocktail waitress really need to re-take waitressing 101, they are horrible when it comes to customer services, you ladies are supposed to make your customers happy instead of pissing them off, so they can go to a different casino.....come on, why do that to your own wallet. The front desk people are extremely aloof when it comes to catering the best Vegas experience to the customers, really.....I guess both you and the cocktail waitress came from the same casino academy, sigh.....what happened to Vegas?
Honestly, this hotel was no better than a motel! [At least the rooms weren't]. I was so disappointed when I arrived here! And I dont complain much.. . From the minute we walked in, our rooms were not even ready [Granted, we checked in early], but they told us we can have a handicap room or smoking. After reading reviews, I didnt want either of these rooms because I had heard complaints. So instead we decided to go eat breakfast and come back to see if the room is ready. When we came back about 2 hrs later, still no room. So we opted for smoking.. . Once we arrived to the room, it looked dirty. But I didnt complain. When you sit on the edge of the bed, the whole mattress goes up! The pillowy tile decor on the walls were peeling off! The bathroom smelled funny. The TV had no HBO or anything of substance [Not that we went there to watch TV, its just the principle]. No mini bar. No robe. Practically NO LIGHTING. Room was very dark and dim. And 2 lights didnt even work! The front desk rarely answered the phone.. . I had to pay $159 for a late check out! For only 4 hrs extra! At the Bellagio, I only paid $80!!!   They would not negotiate on this at all, regardless that our maid broke an antique mirror I had brought with me. . . Pros: .      -Location [On strip, Miracle Mile shops].      -Pink's, Earl of Sandwich, Planet Dailies. Cons:.      -Dirty room.      -Not the friendliest staff.      -Buffet was horrible!.      -Casino setup was confusing .      -If ur taking a cab, it will cost you extra bc the setup from the hotels taxi valet whips you all the way around the hotel just to get to and from the strip.      -$13.99 just for WiFi!!! Most other places it is free!. . I could go on and on and on... but I feel as though I rather not waste any more time on Planet Hollywood.
We stayed here  because our room was comped.  . . Other than that, I would not pay to stay here at the hotel.. . The room was ok, I've seen better.  But again, cause it was comped..... . The pool .... ugh.  nothing was going on and it was uber boring.  Just two pools on either side and nothing special.. . Cant comment on the casino or the restaurants cause I spent time at other casinos, even went swimming at another hotel/casino after the first day because the pool was not where we wanted to spend our day.. . The filter in our room needed to be changed.  It was so disgusting seeing dust piling up at the vent. . . And as others have mentioned here, the room was dark.. Lighting was real bad.  . . On the plus side, checking in was easy as the staffer at the desk was pleasant and took care of us quickly.
wow, where do I begin?  It took us an hour and a half to check in.  Our first room appeared to have been ransacked.  Beer bottle caps on the floor, the items from the cabinet were strewn all over the floor, beds unmade , towels everywhere, extremely dusty on the tables, a HOT mess.  The next room (which was an upgrade)  had been shampooed that morning, so the carpet was  WET....very WET.. tried to call the front desk and waited for over 30 minutes with no answer.  So, had to go back down to the front desk and  while they apologized, it took them about 15 minutes for them come back and tell us what we were going to receive.  (2 free buffet meals).  The service at the HOTEL in general was horrible.  From the front desk, the phone service, the waitresses at the pool, even the server at PRICE MARKET (the buffet restaurant).  The hallways were ALWAYS dirty.  This place is a hot mess. Yes, there are some perks... but geez, had to go through so much to receive them.
If you're a smoker, this is your hotel. EVERYTHING reeked of smoke. The plumbing was lousy in my room, but I will say the room was fairly quiet and had some fun decor. It seemed everything about this hotel was mediocre - from the gambling to the food. I was in town for a conference so I didn't have to pay my way. If I were visiting Vegas for fun, I'd stay somewhere else!
Could do a bit better on the friendliness tip.  We weren't asking for much more than a smile or a nice welcome.  The hotel itself is ultra modern when u enter the lobby, and the room is great, large tub is great, but the check-in experience put a bad taste in my mouth.  The Heart Bar is cool though.
This is a rundown on the hotel as I did not play in the casino or bars.  I stayed in a "Hollywood Hip" room.  . Absolutely nothing special about this hotel - run of the mill.  You will get nothing more than the room for your money.. $14 for internet connection in room. $25 to use the fitness room?  That is only a $10 discount for hotel guests.. Shower in adjacent room made so much pipe noise there was no sleeping past 6:00 am.. Lighting in rooms is dingy.  Not even a makeup mirror.. Could not get a late check out even on a Tuesday morning with no big events going on.. When are they going to make in-room safes big enough to fit a 15 inch laptop?. . Mall adjacent has lots of stores but not as nice and not as simple to navigate as Caesar's Mall.  The best thing was the fella that stored my luggage.  He looked me in the eye and assured me my luggage would be kept safe.  I'm one for two - lost sleep but no lost luggage..
Stayed one night, July 16.  Room smelled funky.  (honestly like body odor).  Bathroom shower was awkward and the shower head would not move so had to position in corner of shower to get any water. (maybe why the guests before us were clearly so funked out). Very noisy, from my room could hear tons of street noise. . . Rate was really low, like 140 a night.  Should have paid more and stayed somewhere that smelled better. The casino, shops and restaurants were all fine.
I can think of 1 word to describe this place...YOUNG. . The clientele here is very young, so naturally the casino is crowded and loud, two things I dislike.  But if you're a youngin, this would be a good place for you.  If I was 21 again, I would love this place.  It's also one of the newer hotels on the strip.  So everything looks nice and new.. . Our hotel room was not good.  The tub was dirty.  There were lots of hairs in it.  We had to call housekeeping to clean it.  YUCK!  One of the lamps were broken and because the furniture in the room was black we could see all the dust.  It was like they didn't dust in weeks.  The tub though, is HUGE.  The biggest tub I've seen in a hotel room so far.  CRAZY HUGE!  There was a picture frame of an ugly looking vampire thing hanging on the wall.  That was pretty disturbing.  Most of the lights had this switch attached to it that was on the ground so that you could press it with your foot and the lamp would go on.  That was pretty different.  Other than all of that, the room actually looks very nice.. . Parking = HORRIBLE. After we parked our car we had to walk through The Miracle Mile Shops to get to the casino/hotel room.  No one wants to walk that far.. . The only thing I can honestly say that I like about this hotel is Earl of Sandwich.  For those of you that have no idea what I'm talking about, think about Subway or Quiznos, but WAAAAAY BETTER!  Try it, you'll love it.. . Would I stay here again?  No  Would I come here to gamble again?  No  Will I come here again?  Yes...To eat my sandwich!  LOL!
For the size of room we got makes the price very affordable.  Along with the affordable price tag comes a few down fall.. . Pillow case & towels in the room are dirty.. . Parking is extremely far and dark.. . The Spice buffet wasn't good, service sucks.. . Wouldn't stay there again.
I was at Planet Hollywood 2 weeks ago and was excited to see that when I was going to 'check in' on Facebook I'd get to take advantage of the '2 for 1 drink' special at the Heart Bar.  So I checked in and went to the bar.. . I was disappointed first of all that the bartender needed me to walk to the front desk (or concierge?..can't remember exactly which one) in order to redeem the coupon...and then come all the way back.  However, I was more disappointed when I got there and the supervisor REFUSED to help me.  She apparently was closing out and leaving and told me to come back in the morning.. . Regardless, I asked her to please find a way...after a long drive I really just wanted to relax for a bit and take advantage of an offer that I was excited to use...this was to no avail.  Further I was VERY frustrated at the fact that the coupon explicitly says 'valid until 1:58am'...it was only 11pm.  . . I really did not appreciate the fact that I was treated this way ESPECIALLY by a supervisor.  Her demeanor was overall rude and annoyed despite the fact that I was calmly explaining to her my situation.    . . I've never had someone that is in charge of hotel operations huff and puff at me as I talk, it was really bizarre.  . . In terms of the room we had, it wasn't bad-for 100 bucks a night it was a good deal...we only stayed there 1 night though and headed to a suite at Aria.
I guess I really can't complain because I received the room for free (parents are Vegas junkies and they get free rooms at different hotels all the time).  But Planet Hollywood is not the best place I've stayed when I'm in Vegas ... and it's definitely not a place I would ever stay at again.. . PROS:. 1. The view (21st floor) was nice.  We had a view of Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, and the PH's pools located on the 6th floor.. . 2. Valet parking. Pay the extra money for valet parking because it is a timesaver!!!  For self-parking, you need to trek the whole continent of Asia!  For self-parkers, you will need to walk the entirety of the Miracle Mile shops, go through the casino, and down the escalator until you get to the Registration area of PH.. . CONS:. 1.  Windows were filthy.  Though our view was nice, it would've been better if the windows were cleaned on a regular basis. For an establishment like PH, I assume they would pay the extra money for window washers to clean the outside of their windows.  They were disgusting.  Parts of the filth were so thick, I can imagine myself scraping it off with my fingernails.. . 2.  No refrigerator?!?!?!  Like I said above, our room was comped.  But for a typical Resort Room (which is their basic room at PH), there was no refrigerator.  Hmmm ... enough said.. . 3. No cabinet/drawer space.  When my fiance and I travel, even if it's for 2-3 nights, we ALWAYS unpack everything.  Clothes go in drawers, get hung up on hangers in the closet, shoes are placed single-file at the bottom of the closets, and all our luggage is neatly stacked away.  But there were only 2 drawers (half-size drawers, mind you) in the entire room. There was the armoire where we can hang some of our clothes, but hardly any drawer space for socks, underwear, undershirts, shorts, etc.  . . 4.  Cords everywhere.  It's a pet peeve of mine to see tangled cords from light fixtures, lamps, alarm clocks, etc. just in a jumbled mess on the floor.  Tangled, lifeless cords were bunched up underneath the desk and along the wall.  They are ugly and a fire hazard.  . . C'mon Planet Hollywood!  If you want to be a prestigious hotel, you need to make more of an effort (from your basic rooms to your high-end suites).  There should be no "fine line" distinction between your differences in accommodations.. . My fiance and I would NEVER pay money to stay at Planet Hollywood.  We've heard better reviews from their Towers section, so we might try it one day in the future.  But from now on, we'll stick to our faves: Aria and Bellagio.
Stayed here for first time!! fun casino, ok room. (ROOM 1974) North tower. . . TOO DARK and TV located NOT in front of bed, which sucked. GREAT view of Eiffel Tower. Comfy bed, and very quiet too. The maid who cleaned up on August 15 (the day we checked in) did an awful job!!! Found an open condom wrapper behind the trash can, and under the beds had a bunch of trash!!!. . Toilet pressure way too low, 2 flushes MINIMUM to rid of what you did. LOL. . Shower pressure too low, if you have long hair, good luck getting shampoo out. . . NO coffee maker, NO mini fridge.. . Vending machine does not give out change on this floor 19th, north tower.. . Looking for the valet parking is a nightmare!!!. . Pool, well, lets just say, weird. First off, you have to walk through a dak 6th floor hall to get to the pool area. Then you walk out, and, wait, where is the pool??? After walking through a sea of chairs, the pool is up to the left. Really bad design. The "adult pool" was on the other side, but it was closed. There is a pool wayyyy over at the "Westgate" area, and I would recommend this over the 6th floor pool. You cold rent misting chairs, but I did not find out how much. The bar staff was really nice over at this pool.. . Casino was fun, good music, Planet Dailies, Pinks, and that sandwich . shop were good. The buffet was OK, had better. . . TIPS: BRING an ice chest! BRING a coffee maker. There is a Starbucks, but wants to wait in line for 20 minutes in the morning when you are hungover If you want to watch TV in bed, ask for a room where you . can see the TV. Slip the checkin person $20 for a free upgrade. . . . Machines were TIGHT this trip.
The room was booked through a friend with a platinum TR member card for a small girls trip. Was expecting a clean functional room with a friendly staff. MAN, SHITTY !!. . CONS:. - Creepy Beetle Juice themed room. - UN Requested room change to Handicapped Accessible. -  The shower head was BARELY 5'4 feet high, REALLY?! . - No coffee maker in 'standard' rooms. - No MP3 jack/connector. - Rude staff answering phones (scoffed at me when I had questions PH sure knows how to show they appreciate valued guests) . - Sanitation of room was mediocre. - Pool layout is awkward (cannot supervise your stuff). - Cocktails at the pool bar more expensive than most clubs in LV. . PROS:. - Location. - Convince to Miracle Mile Mall. - Bartender squirting me down with water = drink discounts. - Bed to sleep on
Great location overshadowed by out-of-the-way poor customer service.. Stayed for three nights sat-tues. . . cons. When we arrived (before 5 on sat) the valet was full and we had to go find a spot in the mall parking lot. When I asked the manager at the front desk why they didn't reserve valet spots for guests he said if the self park was good enough for him it was good enough for me. . We tried to order room service one morning and waited on hold for easily five minutes before we just gave up and went downstairs. . We tried to book a massage at the spa and again couldn't even get someone to answer the phone. Ended up getting massages at Paris next door, which turns out to be run by the same company. . Pool is very poorly designed. Two pools are elevated ten feet off the ground with a football field of concrete between them. 90% of the seating is in this area where you cannot even see the water. . . Pros. Room was large and clean with a huge bathroom. Good view of the strip however the window was so filthy on the outside it detracted a bit. . Great music at the pool and the water was chilled to the perfect temp for august in vegas. . Access to the mall is nice and you can stroll around a bit without the heat of outside.. location of hotel is perfect.
Planet Hollywood, LV NV. Where do I start?  The decor in the room is unremarkable.  The window was small with the coverings attached to the ceiling you feel like you are in a cave.  If you are average height you need to stoop to see out.. . They seem to be pinching pennies on everything.  For example, no trash can in the commode area, just the main bath and a dinky can in the sleeping area.  Go to the Gym to flush out the poisons and it will cost you and your mate $50.00 each day.  Internet access is around $14.00 per day. Local phone calls are over $20.00 for the 1st Minute!
The OLD Planet Hollywood (as in formerly known as Aladdin) is just that - OLD.  I wouldn't stay here again.  . . Note: this is different from the newer PH Westgate Towers, which is actually nice.
Booked two rooms and requested that they be adjoining rooms due to having a child and wanting that child to be next door.  Not a tough request, or so I thought, but upon arrival at 4pm, 1 room was ready, the other wasn't and was told to check back in an hour.  Weird we thought since check-in was at 3pm, but not a big deal because we had to get dinner anyways.  Got dinner and an hour later checked back in and surprise!  room was still not ready...so we went up to the room that was ready and waited a half hour and when we still didn't hear anyone working on the room next to us, we decided to then complain.  By then it was nearly 5 hours past check-in and we were furious.  Asked to speak with a supervisor and was told that it was our fault..yes..OUR FAULT for asking for adjoining rooms.  There are hundreds of adjoining rooms in the hotel and yet they saw it as a special request?  On top of that they made it seem like our fault?  This is Vegas people..where there are more outrageous requests than anyone can believe and they can't handle a simple request like that?!  Overall, if this hadn't happened, I would've probably given them 3 stars, because the casino was in good shape, the rooms were alright, bathroom was dated and felt a little grimy, but for $40/night, who can complain?  I would say that if you're looking for a more full Vegas experience, PH is not where you want to stay.  But if you're on a budget but want a great location off the strip, you could try this place..just don't ask for extra soap or anything out of the ordinary because they probably will "F" it up!
Certainly had the most ghetto of our Las Vegas experiences here! We did NOT stay at Planet Hollywood, so my review is for the casino and walking thru... (note: I will review Miracle Mile Shops and I will rate much higher for the shops/restaurants!). . We stayed at the MGM Grand and our first stop along the strip was Planet Hollywood. We walked in and before entering we had observed an ambulance and multiple police cars outside, as well as a couple fire engines. Living in Philadelphia, we thought nothing of it and continued on our way inside. Right in the entrance was a woman-- DEAD. Seriously, she was nothing other than dead. There was a guy with her screaming "GOD DAMN IT GOD FUCKING DAMN IT" and punching the glass (mind you, shattering the glass) of a movie display type of thing. It was chaos. We continued to walk thru to the casino, a little shaken up, but like I said, we're all from Philadelphia. People from Philadelphia will know what I mean. . . So, I do not believe we played anything at this time, but when we went back later in the week, this was the only casino we were in where we were asked if we knew "where to buy weed" or if we "wanted to buy cocaine." WHAT THE HECK!!!! . . I do not think I had a great time while in the casino area and definitely did not hit anything. Though I may return to the casino, I will never stay at PH due to the ridiculousness that some may just consider Vegas......
Ughhhh do not come here after NYE midnight countdown..i think this is one of the only casinos that open up right after the countdown, so all the annoying drunk rowdy people come here...and omg they're EVERYWHERE! and they shouldn't be allowed to gamble! argh
OMG, So many issues with this place. . . Stayed here for a baceloretteparty and we had joining rooms.. . 1. PARKING: You park your car and you have to walk through Miracle Mile with everything to get to the hotel.. 2. REGISTRATION: There isn't a clear map for registration. You need to go downstairs from the big shiny ball in the Casino to get to registration. . 3. ROOMS: The room looked nice but nothing worked! The TV in our room didn't work. The phone didn't have all the buttons. The lamps didn't work. There were not enough outlets. We didn't get blanket covers over the thin sheets. . 4. HAIR DRYER - No hair dryer in room. You need to order it from the front desk/house keeping. 5. CONDIMENTS: The products provided - shampoo/lotion/soap kinda sucked. I used the shampoo and it felt like GOO. :P Come on. . 6. BUFFET: Eh... see my review on that. . . OVERALL: . Cheap price, but you would think they would keep their place stocked and working. :P
Good: Good place to get a quick bite, shiny lounge, shopping area. 3rd lvl sports gambling heaven, world's quickest wedding chapel (11 minutes, TOTAL). . Bad: Parking hell in the back end of the shops and valet from hell, weird entrance on the side, asian pit boss ladies.. . I have to be honest, I have never really like this place since PH took over Aladdin - but the improvement to the pavement inside is a little bit easier for the strollers. . . Anyhoo - was here for a wedding - was here the day before to scout the place out. Had to Bataan death march all over the place, but did had the chance to grab a bite at Earls. The next day - I just use valet since it's a lot closer to the chapel on the 3rd floor. After the world's most streamlined wedding - we waited longer on getting our car from the valet than the whole goddamn wedding.. . I have a say it's a pretty big fail on their end on a crappy layout for general parking and a retarded valet crew.
Casino only. Sleazy. Not classy. Was in for fifteen minutes and i had to leave. Felt dirty.
As the Hollywood stars get older and look a little worse for ware...so does this property.  I think it is time for a remodel and a refresh.  For the $100 a night I paid it might has well been the Travel Lodge.  Where do I begin??  Furniture in the room was scarred with scratches, carpet was coming apart, no outlets to plug things into, toilets that barely flush and grout missing in the shower...really.  Somebody clean the hallways for heavens sake.  I think the flat screen TV was a model that was first to come to the market, it was that old.  . . The parking ...what the hell is that about.  Self park is like 1/2 mile away from check in through the Miracle mile shops,  felt stupid lugging my crap through here.  No thought process in this design.  . . On the positive side, check in was fantastic, valet exceptional, and the shops are very nice.  Could use a couple more bathrooms.  If you get a coupon in the mail for $57 a night mid week special, that is about what the room is worth.  Sorry.
This may come as a shocker to you, but when I'm in Vegas, I also want to relax.  I mean, I am taking some sort of vacation.  And since I don't gamble my relaxation comes in the form of a pool.  So imagine my disappointment upon entry into what they call the pool area.... . Bleck.  It was just so sparse.  Lots of concrete.  Not inviting or visually pleasing in the least.  If you're lucky enough to grab one of only about 20 chairs by the pool good for you!  The pool, which ironically is called "The Pleasure Pool" is anything but pleasurable in my opinion.  Plus, to top it off, the actual pool is frigid!  I'm positive it wasn't heated and even though it was 80 degrees out, I probably could have caught hypothermia if I stayed in there longer than a minute.  . . They also have to be losing tons of money on the pool bar.  The service is just awful.  There's three bars in the area but only one was open.  The line was always 20ish people deep and took forever.  If you were lucky enough to find a server they'd take at least a half an hour to get you your drink.  It was not a pleasurable pool experience!. . I will say the rooms are nice.  The bed was comfy and the bathroom was ginormous!  There was a great soaking tub and a stand up shower.  I do wish there were ledges in the shower because shaving was pretty difficult.  They also have a separate potty room, which is always helpful if you happen to be a bathroom hog (or staying with a bathroom hog)!  . . Every room has a themed movie poster and props.  Ours was some random Sylvester Stallone movie we'd never heard of called Daylight.  I assume the better rooms or suites have cooler memorabilia, but it wasn't anything I'd dock stars for... Although I may add more stars if I had a Paul Rudd room!  . . I'm not much of a gambler, so the casino doesn't do much for me (I know, I'm in Vegas and I don't gamble, I'm a weirdo!).  I feel like each casino comes with a different vibe to it and this one gets a younger crowd for sure.  I still don't like that you can smoke in the casino and you can definitely tell their ventilator system wasn't the best.  . . So since I'm not a gambler, I come to shop, see shows and eat!  One of the main reasons I picked the hotel was because it was attached to the Miracle Mile Mall!  It's a great mall with affordable shopping (not like the Crystals Mall across the street with mega high end stores).  There's also a plethora of restaurants attached to the hotel that are decent.  . . Just a little side note, Peep Show is in this hotel.  We saw it last time we were in Vegas (kinda inspired us to stay here!) and it was an amazing time!  Although I wouldn't recommend staying here because of the show, it's worth it to stop in and walk through if you're going to the show.  . . We stayed at Aria the last go round in Vegas and I'd definitely stay there over PH again just for the pool alone!
If you're between 21-30, on a budget, like a ramen-noodle-every-night kind of budget, and you like the people shooting dice next to you ghetto-fabulious, you will love this hotel.. . If this doesn't describe you, I suggest you stay away. I come here once in a while to play some poker. I've had some of the best suites in this hotel and this is still my impression. And what the hell is up with their decorations in the panoramic suites, all that tacky movie memorabilia??! Who wants a room decorated with sea creatures and jumpsuits? . . However, two good things about PH: 1)The Buffet is great and 2) There are go go dancers in the "Pleasure Pit.". . Oh and this is either a big plus or a big minus: In the early AM hours, there's a gaggle of hookers that banshee through the casino floor. Have fun!
Just got back from a 3 night stay at Planet Hollywood.  It was such a disappointment.  . . The registration lobby has this sickening sweet smell.  I'm assuming it's to mask the cigarette odor that permeates the place.  . . Our first room was decent enough, but the hot water didn't work in the bathroom.  We got moved to a bigger, better room the next day.  For some reason, housekeeping skipped cleaning our room and we had a shower that wouldn't drain.. . The pool area was awful.  You walk out from the hotel and it's just a massive deck area covered in lounge chairs.  You can't even see the pool(s) which are hidden in the far corners.  If you want a lounge by the pool, you'd best get there early or they will all be "saved."  The cabanas were $399, a padded lounge by the pool was $100, and a padded lounge on the deck were $50.  They play music on the deck which I liked, but it was a little too loud.  . . The spa was decent enough.  I paid $65 for a 3 day spa pass to use the gym, steam room and jacuzzi,  It was worth it to get away from the smoke and noise of the rest of the hotel.. . The only other good thing about was the location.  Right in the middle of the strip - easy walk to Paris/Bally's, Bellagio, and The Cosmpolitan.. . If you are 21-30 years of age and on a budget, it's an okay place to stay, but otherwise, stay somewhere else.
Better than the Luxor, but barely!
As I like to preface my Vegas reviews with I am in Vegas - ALL THE TIME - between working there about 2 mos each year to 4-5 weekend trips a year I believe I have stayed at every hotel on the strip. While I had not stayed at PH until this trip, I have always enjoyed gambling here. The atmosphere is young, bright, nice dealers, and good music. Because of this I was excited to stay here last weekend. However I have to say I was very disappointed with my three day stay. Long story short the gambling is very good, the side attractions (food, bars, shopping) are good, rooms are well below average, and pool is horrid.. . The room: First off they gave me a smoking room, when I specifically requested non-smoking. YES I could have asked to be changed but after waiting 30 min to check in and then getting to the room we were excited to get out. While it was a smoking room overall the smell wasn't too bad. The room was quite large but there was a lot just a little off. Several lights didn't work (two lamps and the in-cabinet lighting), there were a lot of random chips and stains in the decorations, and the room was set up very poorly. Oh well some trips we rarely stay in the room longer than a few hours a night, but as this one was a getaway with the girlfriend and not buddies it was a little more disappointing.. Next up was the pool. OK so I give the room a "2/5" but also consider the price, if you get a good price and don't care about the room that much then it is definitely workable.. . The pool: Summer Vegas trips are all about relaxing at the pool and this was by far the most disappointing part of the trip. The pool area is huge (football field) too bad everything except for 20% of that area is concrete without even a view of the pool. Around the pool are some sun chairs and a few cabanas. But the cabanas are purely rental (not even minimum spend such as at every other pool). The sun chairs are fairly dirty and there is not a single umbrella or other break from the sun. One redeeming quality about the pool is that the bar makes a pretty strong and tasty drink. The rest was awful and it was unbelievable that I heard they actually charge anyone not staying at the hotel to go. I would give the pool a "0/5". . As I mentioned above the gaming was good - other than the blackjack tables under the go go dancers paying 6 to 5 blackjacks I really like gambling here.. . Everything else: I like the food here. Earl of sandwich is very good (although not the world beating place that they would make you think, good none the less). The Spice Market buffet is good too. I like the fact there is a Wal-Greens right outside and the mall is connected.. . As a total rewards member I was disappointed in the overall experience and won't be staying here again.
My first impression of this hotel was that it was really nice and clean.  The location is perfect...right smack dab in the middle of the strip.  . . When we finally got our room. It was alright. Flat screen tv, king bed but disappointed there was no fridge in the room. Bathroom was huge. Separate tub, shower and toilet area was a plus. . . There were some things that gave me the heebie jeebies tho. One being what looked like a bullet hole covered with tape and some splatter which to me looked like blood on the lamp shade near said bullet hole and on the bathroom walls.  It was room 1158.. . Obviously the maid service isn't up to par. There was several days where we missed the morning cleaning cause hello it's Vegas. Who gets up early in Vegas?  Not a big deal. I was able to catch the grouchy maids in the hallway to get fresh towels. . . The mall has a great selection of stores and places to eat.  Oh and there's a strip club in the mall. Not my cup of tea but I'm sure a plus to some. . . Despite my complaints above,  this is a nice hotel but probably would not want to stay here again.
I would give y'all 4 stars only if y'all had iPod dock. Just saiyng.... It would be nice to have some tunes in my room. We are not in the 20th century get with it. Decent pool to work on your tan but not for partying. Earl of sandwich is the bomb!
The Pleasure Pit and Earl of Sandwich would be myfavorite highlights.  The hotel is connected to the Miracle Mile shops which is convenient and I like that the hotel is pretty central on the strip.  I am an asthmatic and the smoke seems so much worse here than other hotels/casinos.  Bring your eye drops.  PH should invest in some sort of ventilation system.  The decor seems outdated. The carpets in the halls need stretched and the rooms' bathrooms redone. The bathrooms are large with a tub, but who uses a tub in a hotel anyway.  I would rather a double sink or vanity area to make getting ready easier.  Also there is no closet only a small armoire.  I thought the room was good.  It was clean and the beds comfortable.  It has the perfect amount of amenities since you spend almost no time in there. I wish the rooms' windows were larger and more centered on the wall so you can see the view.  The pool is pretty private (on the 6th floor) and I like that they have two separate pool areas; one is 21+ and the other a family pool. The adult pool has a DJ most days of the week but it's still a far cry from the other party pools. This is more of a pool to relax. I was shocked that for such a lack luster experience you have to pay so much for beds/cabanas at the pool.  They were running a spa deal for $99 if you choose at least $200 in services. With this you also get to spend the day using the other spa amenties (gym, hot tub, showers, steam room and sauna).  The deal seemed good but after my facial I only stayed an hour because I ran out of things to do.  What they should do is get rid of Koi (Its so bad they give out free open bar all night every night to everyone- males included)  and revamp the spa area.  It is outdated.  Although I haven't been, I heard Aria has great spa amenities such hot stone beds, a pool, etc. and the things I mentioned above.  The gym at PH costs $25 a day and I'm not sure why.  It has less equipment than a Holiday Inn.
I am a hotel brat. I totally get that Vegas is not my cup of tea when it comes to 'service' in hotels. They have more of a motel service guide. And thats anywhere you stay in vegas. They have a revenue driven mentality. Heads in beds = Money.. . I booked us a room here and i got a pretty good deal. $400 bucks for a 2 night stay. NOT BAD. . . The room was spacious, the hotel was centrally located, and it was decent for 5 girls. . . This place is a dump. It needs to be redone. Its so old and disgusting. The paint was coming off. The toiletries were just.... not up to par to a hotel standard. More like Motel 6. . . This place was just so bad... that i wanted to leave to the Mandarin Oriental and leave my crew behind and just stay in my own room during our trip. . . This place is decent, but it needs some work. Quality work.
Stayed here for 3 nights.. . POSITIVES. - Great cleaning crews. Very quick to get extra blankets upon requests.. - Location is awesome on the strip, very close to the Cosmopolitan and Bellagio.. . NEGATIVES. - Out of the 6 elevators that were there for each section of the building, it seemed like only 2 were operating. In my 3 days there, I had to run up or down to the 12th floor 4 times. That's unacceptable.. - The valet took upwards of 30 minutes to get the vehicle ready.. - The bathroom doesn't have any locks. So if you stay there with other people, it's free game for who can go in. The toilet itself is separated but the shower is in the same room as the washroom so it makes it difficult to do both simultaneously if you want privacy.
Only stay here if you get the room for FREE!. We stayed (and paid what we thought was a good rate for the center of the strip) 7/21-7/24, could not have been a worse stay.  Like many people have said previously, the auto entrance to PH is not from the strip, you enter from Harmon Ave, then you have to pick between the Valet at the check-in area or Self Park which is way far from the check-in (you trapes through the Mircle Mile Mall to get to the front desk.  Its very confusining. A quick note on the Valet...they lost our car one time, found it after 30 minutes, later they were rude when I asked if my car had been brought up yet..."yes, I called out your name and you did not answer"...the car was pulled up far away from the valet area.. . Ok, now for the room experience...we checked in between 3-4 pm and received the keys to our standard room, got up to the 32nd floor...the room is small looked old and not kept up.  First thing we noticed was that there is VERY LITTLE drawer and closet space...then we noticed that the Armoire had two doors RIPPED OFF.  We went down to the front desk and reported the condition and asked for a new room.  We got the keys to the new room, 20th floor...actually a worse room!  The only thing better was this was a View room of the Bellagio fountains.  Still small, the armoire had the doors, but still very little space to unpack.  Here is where it get's worse, the view would have been fine if the shades on the window would work, they were down and would not go up.  They were very old and frayed.  Called maintaince, we also needed them to replace the shower head (it was old and corrded) and clear the bathroom drain (it was very slow).  Then later in the stay the old phone in the room died and we had to get maintaince again!. . The Hotel lay out is horrible, I am used to casino's being hard to figure out and get through (till you get used to them), but with mall being part of it, makes it worse.  Actually what really makes it bad is that they give you a "map" to the property that is probably the WORST HOTEL MAP I have ever seen.  It covers the bottom 3 floors of the hotel, lobby, casino and mezzanine.  What made the map so bad was that all 3 floors were placed on the map facing a different direction...THEY DO NOT RELATE TO EACH OTHER!  There is no compass (North) direction for you to reference!  Also they do not give directions to the pool (on the 6th floor roof) I will talk about that later.. . We went down on Sunday to speak to a manager about the problems we had and the (top) manager on duty (Rodrigo?) was worthless, he offered us $25 credit at the property for our bother.  When we asked him about the Surf show playing at the hotel, he had no idea what we were talking about, much less to be able to get us a discount on tickets.  We had to go to "Tix4Tonight" to get 1/2 off the tickets to the show Monday night (it was a good show, but less than half full!).  . . The pool's are smallish, one for family's the other for adults, with very little space around each pool to lay out (unless you pay $50+ for a bed or cabana).  There is a huge lounge area away from the pools, but you are away from the pool,  it is dirty and old.. . I guess if you are a single 21-25 year old, this would be an acceptable place to stay on the strip, but otherwise pass (especially if you are in the late 40 to early 50 range).
Anyone rating this place 5 stars clearly thinks that Motel 6 is on par with the likes of Mandarin Oriental.  If it weren't for a week long work conference at this hotel, I would never personally stay there.  I am giving it 2 stars based on its location.  The location is central to everything which is really awesome.. . Cons:. . Walls are super thin.  You can hear EVERYTHING!. The rooms look well worn.  Cracked tiles, stained carpet, broken drawers.. No free WIFI. No free gym . Subpar Room Service. Icky Pool. Housekeeping - If you want clean towels and bed linen, you have to throw it on the floor in the bathroom with and leave a big sign saying "Please change this funky ass mess, thanks".. I'm not a gambler so I cannot comment on the gaming activities and offerings.
Room : I booked PH for a girls trip with three friends. Booked the hotel in Feb for the mountain view room. When our check in finally came PH did not have my room available. We needed to have two queens non smoking and told our options were limited. We ended up getting the resort room over looking the pool on the 10th floor. . Not a bad room and it was pretty big. To compensate us at check in they gave us spa discounts and peep show 10.00 off (which BTW were worthless). . Pool: The pool at PH is BADDD I mean for here in Maryland the pool would have sufficed but this is Vegas... The only good chairs you had to pay 25-50. When we tried to lay out in the crappy free ones we were treated like second class citizens. Went over to the Hard Rock pool and they treated us much better and we were not even staying there. . . Maid Service: We never got any for FIVE days. I complained and they still never showed up . . Location: The reason I gave two stars. GREAT location on the strip. . . All in all it is a fun hotel the casino rocks and it is happening with a good crowd on Friday and sat night. But the hotel is not good. They really need to make changes if anyone is going to stay and come back. I sure won't......
This is a club style casino on Friday and Saturday nights.  The rooms are big, but not well utilized and the decor is very cheesy.. . The pool area is horrible.  The area was definitely an after thought and the two pools are very small. If you want to sit in the sun and not by the pool there is plenty of seating, however if you want to be by the pool be prepared to pay!
Beware: Hotel security guard (most-likely) stole my wallet/cash.. . I stayed here with a group of friends a few weeks back and had a great time: nice rooms, fun atmosphere, really friendly and fun dealers, etc. The one big negative to the trip was when (it appeared that) one of the hotel security guards entered my room and stole two wallets while nobody was there. We ran into the guard as he was exiting the room (not knowing he probably had the wallets) and he claimed he was just "checking on things". We realized a little while later that he had most-likely taken the wallets, kept the cash, and dumped them in a hotel trash chute (we got them back the next morning).. . While we did recover the wallets from the trash, the hotel is almost completely unwilling to work with me on getting my money back thus far and all but refused that the security guard was responsible (despite every bit of evidence pointing at him). They're too busy trying to cover their asses to provide any sort of real customer service, even when it's needed most. Most frustrating situation I've experienced in Vegas.. . Watch out for their security guards - despite being almost caught in the act, I wouldn't be surprised if he'd be stupid enough to try it again.
The spa has both things that I liked and disliked:. . Liked - every masseuse I've had. Always great technique. . . Disliked - I got a spray tan here and did everything as instructed to do (wait about 7 hours before showering, don't sweat, etc) but after all that, I wasn't any darker. I waited one day, as I have had spray tans before and sometimes I Ames 24 hours for the full color to show. Nothing. I called and asked for a partial refund and they declined. It wasn't cheap either! . Also, the shower area needs to be redone, badly. Very old tile - I think from back when it used to be the Alladin. . . Make sure, if you're a local, ask which days they do local's discounts because it makes a big difference!
I've stayed in Vegas several time but this time was special.  I was getting married.. Pros:. fast check-in. young, hip crowd. good food and shopping. good vibe. good room rate. . Cons:. waaaaay too smokey. billing issues. front desk rude upon check-out. . When I researched pricing these rooms had a great price point.  I was under the impression that the rooms would be a lot better than they were.  Our room was dark and housekeeping forgot to dust.  Not just in our room but our friends across the hall had an inch of dust on their table as well.  When I visited another friend's room I thought she requested NON-SMOKING but could smell smoke like someone was smoking in the next room.  When I got back to my room the same this was happening.  Although we had non-smoking rooms the smoke must be cycling thru the vents.  I came back home with a monster of a  sinus infection from all the smoke. . When I checked in I paid the balance on my room and received my receipt.  When I checked out RAHMAN argued me down saying my balance was $144 and some odd change.  I explained to him that my room balance was paid.  Not to mention when I made the reservation for 5 rooms they charged all 5 rooms to my card causing me to have insufficient funds fees.  I was told nothing would be charged to hold those rooms.  After talking with billing they refunded all of my money.  I guess they had to listen to the conversation I had with the person I spoke with when I made the reservation.  She told me nothing would be charged.  . With all the billing issues and the smoke factor I WOULD NOT stay here again or recommend anyone else to stay here.
This gets a 2 star because my expectations were so high.. I have wanted to stay here forever, and finally I did. HOWEVER, the rooms were disappointing. There is no coffee in ANY rooms. There is no fridge or microwave unless u pay $30 extra a day for a portable one. But my biggest complaint is the valet parking that takes a minimum of 15/20 minutes. During a busy time you can expect to wait 30-45 minutes for your car. I wouldn't return to stay here with all the options around. It's a been there done that place. . It gets the 2 stars for  the blackjack dealers which were both exceptional and HOTT!
Location was great...but room horribly lacked cleanliness and information. No dining menu, dried splatters of what looked like soda on the picture in the room and the lampshade, dried up toothpaste not cleaned off the faucet...we alerted the front desk immediately...none of the above ever addressed. Would have complained further...but the button on the phone for the front desk didn't actually lead to a person.
Disappointment from the minute we arrived. Got here 20 minutes before check in on a Sunday afternoon, and were told to wait until exactly 3 to avoid being charged $15 for an early check in fee. I mean, really? Were they cleaning our room right at that moment? When we finally got upstairs to our room, hardly what I had expected based on the rest of the casino/facilities.  Carpets look beat to hell, air freshener covering up smoke smell all over the place in non-smoking areas, dark hallways, dusty ledges, dirty grout... it just gets to be a bit much, especially when you THOUGHT this was a nice place. No fridges in the rooms, that's an extra charge (which seems to be the recurring theme here). Buffet was nasty. Miracle Mile is about the only redeeming quality, really.. . $14 per device per room per day for WiFi. Welcome to 2005.
Be ready for fees. Anything you can be charged for you will be. Got here early on Thursday and was told I had to pay a $25 fee for early check in. I did but the kicker was the room was already ready, so why the fee then. Next fee...Internet/wifi is $13.99 per 24 hours. No chance I was paying that. Next fee...phone. I got to my room and tried to make a local call for a dinner reservation, didn't work. Also my room phone didn't always work, you had to pull the cord to get a dial tone. I told the front desk about the phone and they did nothing . They then said that to make local calls you need to prepay a $150 on a credit card. I declined. Granted that fee eventually comes off but not the point. The room quality was not worth the price. The memorabilia in the room is cool but it doesn't serve a purpose other than for show. The bed was comfortable enough but dull looking with only sheets, no comforter, looked like a hospital bed. The furniture was scratched up also. I went in December so it was cold outside. The heater in the room has to kick on every five minutes or so to keep it at 73. Trying to sleep with this thing kicking on was a pain, kept waking up. On to the bathroom. Good size shower and tub, never used the tub however. The shower literally took ten minutes for the water to heat up. This wasn't major as I just let it run before getting in, but at a hotel for this price I expected better. But it wasnt a very strong shower either. The sink water pressure was good and the toilet was also good. The walls are super thin. You will hear other peoples showers. The rooms that are adjacent showers are so loud it drown out your tv noise. You will also hear doors opening and closing at all times so be prepared. The maid service was excellent, came daily. Elevators move quickly but can make your ears pop. The casino is very large but the table limits are higher than Paris next door. The pleasure pit is cool but its just an excuse to raise limits. The restaurant variety at the hotel was nice and the adjacency to the mile shops is awesome. Younger crowd plays here at night, older crowd during the day and afternoon. The location is excellent, center strip across from the Bellagio, but that isn't going to bring me back. Just not a good value for the money when compared to other hotels. Too many completely unneeded fees and too generic of a room for $$$
I would not stay here again even at the bargain price I received. . . The rooms were outdated, worn out beds (caved in the middle), and borderline dirty rooms. We upgraded to a fountain view room which had a great view of the Bellagio Fountains, but that was the highlight of the room. The room itself needs a deep cleaning in both the bathroom and sleeping quarters. . . Yes, no Resort fees, but WiFi charge is $13.99. Not much of a deal for the typical traveler that logs in during their stay.. . I like the convenience of having the Mile Mall attached to the Hotel which great shops and places to eat.. . This was a business trip, but the family wanted to tag along for just an overnight stay. I frown on people that take kids to Vegas and I normally would not take them, but it was just overnight and had them out only during the day. I regret taking them and especially stay at this hotel. This Hotel is DEFINITELY not for them with gamblers in lingerie and strip-bar-like dancing in a Casino slot machine area. With much effort the kids didn't see any of this. I never thought I would have to cover them from dancing, but hey, I brought them so it's on me. I'm just warning people who are thinking of bringing kids to stay elsewhere.. . Overall I would not stay not because of the kids, but because of the value here. Not so clean rooms, outdated, and uncomfortable beds is definitely a deal-breaker for me.
My wife and I checked in and were very pleased with the short wait for an early check-in and the complimentary upgrade to a bigger room.  The fun ended here.. . When we arrived in our room, the North Tower, 14th Floor, we were shocked at how old and outdated it was--slightly dirty, an incredibly poor layout (think the TV immobile and plastered along a side-opposing wall, barely any walking room between 2 double beds and the wall, and an unnecessarily huge entry way that took away from the bathroom or bedroom).  . . Since we are in Vegas, we could have lived with all of that since we weren't spending that much time in our room.  (The casino at PH is generally pretty fun, Earl of Sandwich is INCREDIBLE and ridiculously cheap, and having the Miracle Mile at your feet is both helpful and a huge bonus for places to eat, shop, get a drink, etc.)  Somewhere in all the hubbub and fun, our iPad mysteriously went missing...we called the Hotel Lost and Found/Security and they had nothing turned in.  Well of course nobody turned in a gadget they just lifted from a room.  Awesome.  . . I shouldn't have to lock up my iPad and computer when I travel.  Next time, I will either lock those things up (although who could fit anything more than a couple of watches in those tiny hotel safes) or cart them around with me...or avoid it altogether by not staying here again.  If we want a similar or more posh experience, we will stay at the Hilton Grand Vacations hotel located right behind PH (also attached to the Miracle Mile).. . Such a disappointment.
Rooms need updating but the casino was fun.  In addition I left my jacket in the closet and called their lost and found when I got home that night.  The room had been cleaned and re-occupied and my jacket was no where to be found.  The casino floor was nice, but that's it.
The hotel rooms and hallways are dark and depressing.  Even the elevators are dark and depressing.  The casino is great though. The buffet is awesome.  I think I will stay at the Paris and walk over to gamble and eat at the buffet.
I'm pretty torn about my time in Planet Hollywood. First off, it was my first time staying here. Usually when I talk to my friends who visit Vegas they always recommend PH because its a hip, young and modern hotel. What they fail to mention is how gross it is.. . Sure, the lobby is adjacent to Rockbar and Earl of Sandwich. And my room window was cool because it was straight on The Bellagio Million Dollar Fountain. But let's just be real here, that's its only winning quality.. . The hotel it self is super worn out. It seems stuffy and dusty all the time. The hotel hallways always seem full of junky take out service and the cleaning carts are always left hanging around blocking the way. I mean, I was out all day and that night *ahem* morning when I stumbled back in, the hallways were hard to walk through because it seems like the cleaning staff here doesn't clear that stuff. At least make sure the hallways are clear every few hours, there's gross old food on those service carts that was out for hours!!. . And during my stay the elevator failed twice. Almost closing on my cousin's fiance --- literally the doors were going to shut as he was walking in...it was pressing on to his back, shut. Dangerous! Luckily, a guard came to help the door open.. . Also, when we got our room, which we requested to be on the non-smoking floor. Which, I know its Vegas, but c'mon in my sleeping quarters? Yeah the hallway was full of smoke and the smoke was seeping into my room. Like a big mega cloud of smoke. I'm sure there was more than one room full of smokers...gross.. . In addition to that on the same floor my cousin's room had stains on the sheets while my bathroom sink was clogged and the batteries in my tv remote were dead.. . That's the last time I stay in that wannabe modern hotel. I'd give them zero stars if I could. I'm giving one star for the window view and one star for Earl of Sandwich.  If you got some dolla dollas spend them elsewhere.
I cannot find anywhere on here to review their concert venue, PH Live, so I'll just review it here.  ***This is not based on the hotel itself, or the Miracle Mile shops, or the restaurants there.  . . Attended the Linkin Park concert with a friend this past weekend. Ticket stub said 9:00pm.  Didn't say if doors were opening earlier, or if that was when doors were opening. We arrived at 815pm, parked in the lot across from the parking garage on Audrie Lane?..whatever the road is behind there to access the parking garage.  . Got to the venue at 830pm. There was a line, as expected.  We started walking to find the end of the line....and walked, and walked...and walked. We actually stopped for a beer at Ocean One Bar and Grille. Took it to go as the line seemed to be moving. We walked, and walked, and walked...finally ended up by Cabo Wabo, which is the complete opposite end of where we started!!! It's now 850pm. We ask the security guard directing people into line, if all of these people are going to get into the venue in time for the show in 10 minutes. She shrugged. We asked if my friend's Diamond Status with the hotel had any "help" for us getting in quicker, again no clue. We decided to forego standing in line and headed through the casino to the other side where we started. The band was playing already. :/    I went up to a security guard by the door and asked about the Diamond Card and sure enough, we got right through, no waiting. Had to chug our beers.  "Beers" as in another we bought expecting to wait a long time. I feel bad for the people that were in line on the other side of the mall. Linkin Park played about an hour and 15 minute set, and I'm sure those at the end of the line saw maybe 20 minutes of the show at the most. . . They seriously need to open the doors earlier, or find a way to move people in quicker because it's just not working....
The actual hotel and casino itself is pretty nice. The rooms I've been in were clean and it had a very modern look. Any staff I've interacted with for the most part was pleasant whether is be gambling, eating or just cruising through.. The downsides. If you self park in their 11 floor parking garage you will have to walk through the Miracle Mile shopping complex, from end to end, to get to the hotel. So it's not bad if youre aiming for only the MM but quite a walk if your target is the casino & hotel. Valet is an option to avoid that. Unfortunately the two times I used valet. Both times it took up to 5min just for a valet to come and hand us a ticket since there was a long line and it seemed like only 1 person was doing it. The first valet leaving PH it took about 15min to get the car. The second time after sitting and waiting for about 15min I went back to the valet counter to ask how long more it would be. The guy there got on his walkie and checked for us and after a few minutes he informs us that it seems they've misplaced my car. My friends and I couldn't believe it! We were only there for a couple hours. While waiting to see if the other guy could find it I did talk a little with the valet at the counter and he said they have been short handed alot lately and if I remember correctly, on that day according to him, there was only 2 people running the valet when the norm should be 4-5.I felt kinda dumb but I actually was timing this 2nd time doing valet since how it went the first time. Finally after 30min, the 2nd valet shows up with my car. He explains he hadn't actually lost or misplaced my car, he had lost the keys. So I guess either the counter valet either misheard or misinformed us? He said the keys must have fell out of his pocket when he was in the shuttle they use for valet? Sounded weird but ok. I asked for them to call their boss since this was simply a joke how bad it was at the valet twice now. Someone did show 5min later and I mainly complained about how long the valet takes and how could they let the service get that slow at the valet, going in and out. We were apologized to and about my car keys being misplaced for 30min. Was offered a free buffet there for the 4 of us which we did accept. My friends were staying at PH during that time.. So besides the horrible layout of PH(which didnt change since it was converted from Aladdin) and valet, the rest isn't too bad.
This place was chosen as the site of our four day conference. With any luck and all my best intentions, I hope to never see it again. I could go on a rant for days but cover the lowlights:  The registration process was fouled. I had arranged a room upgrade before coming but upon check-in was told it had not been implemented. I was in no mood to discuss it having just humped through half of the Miracle Mile to get from the self park parking lot to the registration desk at which I could not hear the clerk due to the thudding of the obnoxious "music" that was coming discordantly from several different sources. I signed, paid for our five night stay and closed  closed the bill so no incidentals would be added. Four days later the message desk tells us there is a written message for us to call the front desk about our stay. My wife did call and they wanted an additional $196.00 for the upgrade I tried to pay for at check-in.  The upgrade?  A Strip view room "deluxe."  The room was not bad but it was no deluxe and the view consisted of pressing to a small window in the corner and peering out a badly water-spotted window at the lovely roof below and the construction crane beyond it. I believe that since they fumbled the check-in, they should eat the cost of our lavish room in which the closet door would not close with clothes in it and there was only one chair. My last issue is coffee. There is none in the rooms and two understaffed Starbucks down below. Oh! Oh! Oh!  I almost forgot:  They want $14.00 per device per night forWi-Fi!   A fifteen person line takes 30 minutes to ride. This place is way overhyped.
After this place was recommended by several people we are not fans.  We loved the location and access to the miracle mile shops, however, the room was dirty, the toilet was clogged, and it took forever to get someone to fix it.  The view was also crap and the room needed an upgrade 5 years ago.  The only good thing is that we didn't spend too much time in the room, and the shades worked extremely well.  We will not be staying at this Hotel again.  It is too bad because I had high hopes for this place and it was extremely disappointing.
I have stayed in many hotel/casinos in Las Vegas in the past 46 years.  This is the worst!  The deferred maintenance in the hotel is everywhere.  Our room was dingy, not really dirty, but dark and awful decor.  The interior of the elevators were not maintained, tarnished brass.  The meeting rooms had dusty columns, dirty carpet.  The Planet Daily was a good restraunt - food, etc. as was PF Changs they were the best part of the hotel.  I would not recommend and will NEVER stay there again!
Although my stay was ok (for work meeting in Vegas-2 nights), I am noting some things that visitors should be aware of.  I travel a lot, I know everyone now nickel & dime's you-- I really hope that the FCC starts making all these ridiculous resort fees illegal. I paid 22.40/night extra for a resort fee, which strangely enough, you still have to pay to use the fitness center. I didn't use the pool or the internet. So annoying. If I pay this ridiculous fee, I want a coffee maker in my room, a newspaper, a bottle of gratis bottled water....NADA-gimme something!!!!  The Starbucks line in the lobby, I waited in twice, half an hour each time- they really need to get that situation fixed-it was so frustrating, I just want 1 black coffee. Overall, the bed was good, the tv good, clean enough, quiet enough..I just feel like a bottle of water, or least a bottle you can buy would be a big upgrade for this "Resort Fee", or a simple coffee coffee maker... I won't be staying here a again.
First the parking was really confusing and ridiculous. They MADE us pay for Internet even though we were not going to use it. And since when did rooms not come with a fridge?! I'll stay somewhere else next time!
I don't know why I am posting here.  I usually post my hotel stays on Tripadvisor.  . . I stayed at the hotel for 2 nights.  The hotel was not very good.  They gave us a room with a broken blind.   Because Ineed the room to be dark to sleep, I asked them for another room since it needed to be fixed, but, the front desk refused.  They told me it was fixable.  I had to wait an hour for the guy to show up.  He stayed about an hour to fix the blinds. . . The shower drain was backed up.  Every time I used the shower, the water would back up.  The puddle in the shower was about an inch deep.  Who knows what kind of germs came out of there when it overflowed.  . . The housekeepers did not clean up our room too well after the clubbers checked out.  They left one club wristbands stuck to the glass displaying Steven Baldwin's shirt.   They left another one on the nightstand.  Yes, I was lucky enough to get a room honoring Steven Baldwin.  . . Don't think about swimming laps in the pool.  I tried, until the fat guy decided to stand right where I was swimming.  When I moved over to avoid him, there were little Asian girls that were in my way.  The lifeguard told me that I could swim my laps in the "Adult" pool.   I wasn't sure if the "Adult" pool  meant that there would be hot women all around while I was trying to swim, or if there would be naked people in that pool.  I didn't want to find out.  Naked people and hot women would definitely be too distracting for me since I was attempting to swim laps.  Exercise is useless when on vacation.  I don't know why I tried to swim there.   I did get about 10 minutes of swimming in.  . . Yes, I was cheap.  I chose to self park.  I got news for you that want to be cheap.  The miracle mile shops?  I decided to ask the obvious question to the customer service people.  I asked them "Is the miracle mile really a mile?"   The answer I got was "No, it is a little bit over a mile."   Don't be like me and leave your car keys in the hotel room if you are going to the self parking lot for your car.   If you are dumb like me, and realize that you forgot the keys after you arrive at the parking structure, then you will end up walking more than 1 1/2 miles just to fetch your keys.  A one way trip from the parking structure to the hotel/casino is a little over 1/2 a mile.. . There are a lot of better hotel and casinos than this.
We go to vegas about 6 times per year. We have seen our share of hotel/casinos, both good and bad. This was our first stay at Planet Hollywood, and most likely our last. Here's the brief version for you skimmers: If you can get a room at a reasonable rate here, and are the type of vegas visitor that only needs a place to crash after going hard all night, by allmeans, go for it. If you are more discerning visitor, who cares about comfort and wants the feeling of being pampered, you should probably settle in and read on.... . Stay dates: April 19-21, 2013. . After sitting in traffic out front on the strip for about 12-15 minutes, we circled the block looking for the parking entrance. We discovered it is actually on Harmon. We saw no signs on the strip directing us to where the entrance is. Arrival and check in were smooth enough. Valet was quick and friendly, as was the front desk. I was happy to see a designated check in line for Total Rewards Platinum players and above. No upgrades were available, so we were only able to get our reserved "Resort Room". So far, so good.. . Upon arrival in our room, I notice a large foyer, void of any type of furnishing other than a large mirror on the wall. They tout these Resort Rooms have additional space, but what good is additional space when you do nothing with it? Not really a complaint, just an observation. To my right is the large bathroom, dual sinks, oversized tub, and separate water closet, all as advertised. The main room seemed underwhelming. A typical desk, a 2 chair seating area with memorabilia table, and an entertainment center/closet/dresser. Closet and drawer space is in short supply. 2 drawers and probably 7-10 hangers in the closet. Kind of odd for a "Resort" room. Don't most people stay in a resort for nearly a week? Where would they put their clothes? The bed was a little on the firm side, but not bad. Room was quiet, with minimal disturbances in the hall.. . After the 4 hour drive, I flop in the purple oversized chair in the sitting area, and am shocked how uncomfortable it is. Sinks way too low, no back support. It's almost as if the cushions are missing. Probably the worst room chair ever. I head to the bathroom to wash up and get ready for the night ahead. While washing my hands, the sink starts to back up almost instantly. The drain was very slow. How does this happen? Housekeeping doesn't notice while cleaning the sink? Or do they not give a shit? I am going with the latter, because when I turned off the water I noticed a long blonde hair wrapped around the handle.. . We head down to the casino. First stop: Yolo's. Decent tacos with the casino floor price tag. $15 gets you 3, $16 gets you a build your own margarita. You probably can't get out of here for les than $100 for 2 if you have drinks, $60 if you don't. Service, drinks, and food quality are good, no complaints here, really. I actually liked Yolo's.. . The casino has a good selection of slots, and many $5 minimum tables. Dealers and pit staff were good and friendly. Cleanliness was sorely lacking in the slot areas. Many full ashtrays, empty beer bottles and cocktail glasses. Again, was happy to see a special line for Total Rewards Platinum level players and above for the casino cage. A feature that seems to be dying out across Caesars properties, usually reserved for Diamond and Seven Stars players.. . Saturday morning we prep to head out to do a couple things around town. Shower water pressure is weak, but water temp is consistent. Towels and amenities are fine. We have 2 sinks, but can only use 1 due to the slow drain on the other. We head out and board our elevator to find more common area filth. An egg mcmuffin wrapper on the floor and an obvious orange juice spill, which was there long enough to be almost dry and sticky. Are any of the cleaning staff paying attention here? Probably not, because when we came back later in the day we wait to board our elevator and again, filthy common areas. As a matter of fact, a pair of men's boxer briefs were laying on the floor in the north tower elevator lobby. Really? Underwear? On the floor in a common area? What an absolute disgrace. This is the point where my opinion of PH finally goes from "not bad" to "what a dump".. . We had a long Saturday night in the casino, and Sunday morning was unforgiving. We opted for room service for breakfast. Another huge disappointment. I had a chicken hash and eggs that was totally disgusting. The chicken seemed like leftovers that were microwaved and dried out, tossed together with frozen fried "breakfast potatoes" and topped with 3 eggs. I should have gotten an omelet, but the menu description for this item was pretty appetizing. The reality, not so much.. . I was really looking forward to a stay at PH, but was sadly met with disappointment at every single turn. The positives were far outnumbered by the negatives, and I will not be returning. My advice would be to stay away, there are much better options in Las Vegas.
Walk through review: Really small casino, really trashy feeling and a lot of smoke. The best thing about this place, Gordon Ramsay's BurGr.
Maybe I expect too much, or maybe I just expected more from a Las Vegas Strip Hotel.  Obviously the Casino and the Mall was beautiful--yes it was.  BUT, once I opened the door of my hotel room--it was a different story.  ( BTW: THIS RATING IS FOR A NORMAL GUEST ROOM NOT A SUITE) I sure their suites should be a lot nicer.  Anyways, I felt like some basic essentials were missing... NO Fridge, NO Microwave, NO Water Bottles and Obviously no goodies i.e. candy, alcohol, soda etc. Cause there's NO FRIDGE.  I felt that downed a star for me already. THEN, looking at all the furniture... it was scratched up, dented and a bit dirty for my taste.  I do not like.  Next thing... There's 2 beds, thus that means that this hotel room is made for more than one person.. yes?  Well.. I was sharing it with a co-worker for a tradeshow and did not use the restroom once.  The restroom is has 2 doors.  The French doors that opens and closes the powder room and the bath tub ( which I liked) and with a shower. By the Shower... there's a door which opens to this very very small bathroom stall.. and NO VENTS, NO WINDOWS NO NOTHING.... And talk about NO sound proofs doors.  I don't want anybody hearing my business... I was able to hear all the room showers near my room.  Literally every time I would come back into the room.. I would here showers, toilet bowls flush.  All in all, I don't feel like the room that was presented to me was worth it. THANK god it didn't come out of my pocket.  I dislike *thumbs down. . BTW: WiFi is free for ONLY 1 electronic PER day.. . Recap:. . - No Privacy. - No Fridge. - No Microwave. - No Ventilation. - Sucky Bedding. - Sucky Bed
I stayed here with two friends during the weekend of April 26-28. . . When we first walked into Planet Hollywood, two hotel staff approached us and wanted to take a picture of us before we checked in. I was slightly annoyed. After traveling 4 hours to get to Las Vegas, having my picture taken was not high on my list of things I wanted to do but whatever. We get our picture taken, finish checking in, and go up to the hotel room. . . The bathroom was the nicest area of the hotel room. It was spacious with a large bathtub, shower, and a toilet in its own separate water closet. However, the main room was a different story. There were two rather small beds, an entertainment-center/closet/drawer-set, two armchairs and a desk. There was also a pair of men's pants in a glass frame on the wall. I guess it was to go with the Miami Vice theme but in my opinion, it was WACK. . . Upon  further inspection, I noticed several wet spots on the carpet and a whole damn CHICKEN WING on the floor near one of the armchairs. We called housekeeping and told them the problem. They said someone would be right up. A whole hour and a half later, a housekeeping staff member came up to the room. We pointed out the wet spots and the chicken wing. She looked around, then used our phone to call someone else. She was speaking a different language so I couldn't tell what she was saying. Then she told us she'd be back and left without doing anything about the chicken wing. . . We started getting ready to go out to dinner. About 45 minutes later we left our room and no one had come back yet. When we returned from dinner we saw that housekeeping left a big ass, loud ass floor fan to dry the carpet. However, the carpet was still wet....and the chicken wing was STILL there. . . The next day we left our room early in the day to walk the strip. When we came back to our hotel room, we saw that no one had been to our room to clean. We called housekeeping and they told us someone would come up. An hour passed and housekeeping still hadn't shown up. We called again and they told us (again) that someone would be up. We got dressed and went out for the night. When we came back, the room was still dirty. We gave up and went to bed. . . The next morning when it was time to check out, we told the desk clerk about the wet spots on our hotel room's floor, the housekeeping staff's negligence and the chicken wing. We ended up being refunded $45. . . Bottom Line: NO, I do not recommend Planet Hollywood. It does seems to cater more to people who only need a convenient place to sleep after going hard all night and that's really all I was looking for . But, housekeeping is a basic hotel commodity and Planet Hollywood's housekeeping sucked. . . Really, a chicken wing? It makes me wonder if they even changed the sheets.
Let me start by saying that the hotel itself is pretty cool and its awesome that it is in a mall so there are tons of stores nearby for convenience! The rooms are okay, nothing super fancy, but there is no fridge, which sucked in vegas!! But what really made the stay at this hotel horrible was the manager...and a few of the staff members. The manager could give a shit less about her PAYING customers and treated me absolutely horribly. Her staff weren't much better and weren't exactly jumping up and down to assist me. I lost my wallet in our first room (before we upgraded to a better view room) and no one at the front desk/concierge desk were helpful when trying to help me get a hold of someone in security, who always seemed to be missing! Finally, I got a hold of someone and they were able to find the wallet, but the security people were rude as well. I do have to say that I am thankful to the housekeepers who found my wallet and were gracious enough to turn it in. They were all very friendly passing by in the hallway. . . This was my birthday trip and I did a lot of research before choosing a hotel because I wanted it to be a great experience for a decent price and I feel like I made a mistake staying here because of the horrible customer service. Where I come from, typically the customer is always right, and even when the customer is wrong, still treat them with respect and kindness because they are paying to stay at your hotel, when there are TONS of other places to choose from on the strip. I will not be staying here again!
this review was for the hypnosis show. . there were some parts that were funny, but overall it was TERRIBLE.. can't complain much since it was a free show for me, but i felt like i wasted my time sitting there. I've been to a hypnosis show before at a college campus and it was highly entertaining.
Service is good, location on the strip  is good, the logistics of the parking garage in relation to the hotel is not convenient. You can tell its an older building, but functional. The miracle mile shopping center is very nice to walk thru and shop.
I can go into more depth all the problems I encountered but I'll keep it brief for the readers. I had a line of credit with the casino. The first time I came down, I asked the cage how should I pay and they said to mail them a check. I mailed them a check for $3,000 which they cashed but they also automatically drafted another $3,000. This caused my checking account to bounce causing all sorts of problems and fees. After much effort, the casino finally agreed not to charge me the extra fees for the returned check but would not repay me for all the fees I was charged on my end by my bank. I sent an email to corporate but received no reply.. . Fast forward a few months, I decide to give PH another chance. I book a room and proceed to the casino. I go to a table only to find out that my line of credit has been cancelled due to my check bouncing last time. Of course I did not bring any cash to gamble so I had to take money out of my credit card incurring over $100 in fees. I complained to my host and to collections why I was not notified that my line of credit was cancelled. I ask them if I can get any kind of credit for all the fees I was charged. They tell me to pound sand. I will never gamble at PH ever again despite the really awesome gambling atmosphere. I will try gambling at Venetian/Palazzo because they are pretty generous with offering comped rooms.
REVIEW FOR HOTEL HIP ROOM.. . Pros:. - Middle of the strip and everything is within walking distance. - Everyone there was helpful. They answered all my questions and concerns politely with a smile :) . - Rooms are fairly affordable . - Plenty of parking. - TV has CABLE :). - Fat Tuesday and Earls Sandwiches are in the same building. - The blackout blinds work GREAT! I wouldn't know what time of day it was with them down.. . Cons:. - Our glass cups had foundation on it (for guys, it's make-up) and eyeliner on the pillows. What else did they not change?!. - The comforter had BLOOD (stain) on it-- it was a pretty big blob too. From a girls perspective, it looked like menstrual blood... YUCK. I couldn't tell if it was old or fresh, and I honestly didn't want to find out.. - The shower drain clogged up each and every time we used it. - The tub had pubic hair in it :( . - There is no ventilation in the toilet room. I say toilet room because the toilet is in it's own little room.. durr.. - You can hear people using the bathroom from above and side-to-side throughout the night. It's fairly loud so light sleepers beware!. - Someone stole our 'Do not disturb" sign! The cleaning crew tried to come in but luckily we had the doors locked. This gave me a shock! I thought someone was trying to break in. Though this isn't the hotels fault.. . . Each room are themed, and I don't really care for them. I felt that they took up unnecessary space. I don't mind that the garage is on the other side of the Miracle Miles shop. Walk you lazies! It'll only take up 10 minutes MAX of your sweet time plus, you'll need to walk off all the food and alchie consumed. Check-in is at 4PM and check-out is at 11AM. There is a early check-in fee... if you decide to check in early. Save yourself some time and checkout via your television in your hotel room. They'll email you your folio with all the charges. Oh, and no fridge :(
******THIS IS A REVIEW OF THE HOTEL********. . My husband plays in the WSOP, and we didn't care for the outdated rooms at Rio, so we decided to try another Total Rewards Hotel. . . We ended up being able to get a really good deal on some suites at Planet Hollywood because of our Total Rewards Card Level. We ended up with the Panorama Two Bedroom Suite which was good for my husband and I, and the other couple that was with us.. . The suite was very large and very easily suited for a large amount of guests due to the large amount of seating. Tons of chairs, a big sofa, kitchen area w/ stools, etc. There's a jacuzzi in the middle of the suite, as well as two separate bathrooms and a bedroom with a king size bed. All rooms contain memorabilia from Hollywood movies. My room was a Sharon Stone room which had various memorabilia including mannequins with outfits from movies she was in. Not going to lie, in the middle of the night, those mannequins freaked me out. . . Anyways I'll let you know what I didn't like first -. . Overall Cleanliness - Right away the room didn't feel clean to me. I ran out and purchased Clorox Wipes and bottles of Lysol and drenched and wiped everything in that suite. I wiped off orange/yellow residue from the kitchen area which grossed me out because I automatically assumed it was either A) Alcohol or B) Alcohol vomit. There were specks of nail polish on the bathroom counter and a smear of makeup on the mirror. Not to mention that wiping the nightstand revealed a black film. EW! Also one of the sofa chairs had suspicious stains all over it, and should have been cleaned or replaced. . . CONS:. . Dry Air/Circulation - Everyone that stayed at PH were waking up crazy congested every day. Several days I had dry blood in my nose. Whats up with the air in this place? Stayed at ARIA during my trip as well and didn't experience it.. . Old Bathroom Fixtures - The sink knobs and faucets were all corroded with lime build up. Every one of them. The shower head was completely covered in build up as well as the floor drain and bidet. I was thoroughly grossed out. The shower head had poor water pressure. My friends room had a leaking toilet and when you turned their faucet on, the water smelled like sewage.. . Do Not Disturb Sign Bandit - I had a do not disturb sign on my door every day and every day I had housekeeping barge in on me. Either there was a Do Not Disturb Bandit roaming the hallways every day taking signs off of everyones doors, or there's a serious shortage of Do Not Disturb signs. . . Housekeeping - Half-assed. Some days the bed wouldn't be made but I'd notice our towels were replaced and our toilet paper roll was changed. Or sometimes the garbage wouldn't be emptied, and so on and so forth. . . Poor Beds - In my friends room, the bed was broken and they said it felt like they were sleeping on a box spring. If you sat on the edge of the bed with all of your weight, you'd tip the bed over. They eventually switched rooms, and unfortunately, they received another dud bed. My bed in the suite was luckily comfortable.. . Pool - The pool is great and all, but if you're planning on sleeping in, the pool is so loud in the morning, you won't be able to sleep through the DJ and the music. On the weekends, my friend was getting woken at 9 AM with Nelly Down Down Baby. . . PROS: . . To be honest, as far as the HOTEL ROOMS go, there are none except for the window view, which was only decent. As far as the hotel/casino itself, I like the fact that it's near a Walgreens and has the Miracle Mile Shops and is walking distance to many of my favorite places (Cosmo, ARIA and Paris are all next door). There are also decent food places in Planet Hollywood and the design of the casino isn't too bad. . . The lack of cleanliness is what really turned me off of this place. I know all hotel rooms are dirty. I just don't need to see it. Especially $700/night rooms. Won't recommend to anyone.. . Also, this casino attracts a really young, party crowd. If you're looking for something more sophisticated, look elsewhere.
**** HOTEL REVIEW****. . This hotel is no good.  Seriously, spend the extra $20-$40 a night to stay at a better hotel.  The first "non-smoking" room we were put in smelled like an ashtray.  After we let them know, they informed us they would deodorize the room and it would take an hour for it to work.  After this inconvenience we went back to the room and it still reeked of the inside of a cigarette.  After another complaint, they put us in a new room that was on the opposite side of the hotel.  Which would have been fine if they maybe sent up a bell hop to help us repack and move into another room, but they didn't.  Another awful aspect of this place was that for some reason the AC didn't work in the halls or the elevators.  Which was horrible because we would wait 15-20 minutes for an elevator.  Anyway, when we went to complain about these inconveniences the front desk assistant manager was rude and condescending and basically told us there was nothing he was going to do for us.  He finally issued a $50 credit for food and beverage, but it was after much arguing back and forth with him.  All in all the hotel itself is terrible, beds are uncomfortable, room smelled and was dirty, and the staff was rude.  DO NOT STAY HERE, I promise it is worth it to spend the extra money at a better hotel with nicer accommodations...
Tackylicious.  Bathrooms dont lock at all.  Glass on shower isn't tempered.  Bathroom only had one sink. No couch in room either.  They said they would send blankets but they showed up 2 hrs later with a pile of sheets and pillows....wtf?  Really? Thanks for the 4am sheets delivery.  I slept so much better with those sheets!  . . If you want to squeeze a bunch of people into one room then this is not the place for you. . . On a positive note the hotel was very funky and Gordon Ramsay has a restaurant there :D
Nickled and Dimed or $15d and $20d - that's before you get to the casino.. . Having stayed at PH in the past, I had decided to return since the other Caesar Ent hotels are worn and tired based on previous stays.  My stay was midweek when occupancy is not as great as the weekend.. . The arrival experience at PH was less than pleasant.  If you self-park, it is quite a trek to registration through the shops, dodging visitors, through the casino and down to the front office.  Having waited in line for 35-40 minutes to check-in, it was my turn to be assisted by one of the five agents.. . The desk agent advised me of the $20 per day resort fee that I would be charge and the inclusion (internet for one device, gym access and LOCAL CALLS).  Free local calls - I guess that benefits those who do not have cell phones?!?. . While I was aware the recently added resort charge at PH and other Caesar Ent hotels, I was shocked when she asked if I would like to get my keys now for $15 for "early check-in."  Check-in time is 3:00PM and it was 2:40PM.  Seriously?  The room was vacant and ready and check-in time was 20-minutes away.. . PH will be happy to know that I paid the fee, plus the tax that was not disclosed at C/I.  There was a line already formed for those there to pick-up their preregistration keys.. . If I would have known in advance of this fee, I may have timed my arrival differently.  Guess I should have read some of the reviews on Yelp before my visit.. . The guests rooms are okay; the rooms are dark with small windows.  The bed/mattress was not comfortable. Even though the minimum bet at the table games is $15 the casino doesn't have an exciting "vibe". The dealers are pleasant and engaging. . . Okay, a few pluses - the room was relatively clean, the bathroom is large, there is a separate adult pool, Earl of Sandwiches has good offerings with an efficient system and PH has a good central location on the strip.. . With the addition of the fees, the resorts across the strip are a better value - newer, fresher product with better service.
do yourself a favor and leave the craps table if Rich is one of the dealers...this man does not listen to a single thing anyone says...I had a small amount on a table and had asked him to "turn my bets off" and he supposedly didn't hear me and ended up trying to take my chips when someone rolled a 7.  When I called him out on it even people on the other side of the table said that they heard me turn my bet off...on top of that, the asian lady with the stick kept poking me with the stick when i was arguing about this (despite me telling her not to touch me with the damn thing)...and then the pit boss (bigges a-hole of them all) came over and said "what did you have? $34 on the table?? give him his $34" in a condescending tone.... . listen bud...i dont care if it was $34 or $3400...dont be a F#(*&$ing d!$K.
Not one of my favorites..  My expierence  on the Business Conference side was not good. However the rooms are themed which is pretty neat.
I am so disappointed with Planet Hollywood. I booked it through Vegas.com, which we had other issues with, and the hotel room wasn't great.  Very small, and none of the basic amenities. No fridge, no coffeemaker, half a closet that you can barely fit anything into.  Only allowed to have WiFi for one device.  And having them bring up a mini fridge is an extra charge. So ridiculous.  Just disappointing overall.  . . I mean even the nozzle on the shower still said Aladdin - really?? You didn't even bother to change that? I'm sure all the furniture is the old Aladdin furniture too, because it was tiny and old-looking. . . We had issues with Vegas.com not telling us there is a new resort fee policy of $20 extra a night that is not included in your original purchase. (I've been a customer for a long time and they never notified me that their Terms and Conditions had changed, which I read before the new policy was added).. . I understand that the fee issue is Vegas.com's fault, but when the PH Towers were still around, and I had an issue with Orbitz at the time not giving me the suite I paid for and just gave us a normal tiny room, the manager ofthe Towers called them for me and talked to them about it. He helped us fix the problem!  These employees at Planet Hollywood didn't even bother to try at all to help us.  The only thing they did was waive the fee for bringing up a mini fridge, and then they stuck it in the bathroom! Gross. They should consider adding more outlets in the room. . . The only good thing is the mall, and the hotel location.  The pool is eh. Small, nothing special.. . I cannot believe how few amenities they have. And how little they are willing to help. They even took forever to bring us towels.  Will not stay at Planet Hollywood again.  Not worth it, I can get a nicer place that treats you well.
We have been staying at Planet Hollywood for years and have always been totally happy.  It seems now they need some updating.  Our toilet malfunctioned and we would have to get up and rattle the handle.  The music  from outside somewhere was so loud that it vibrated the plastic showcase on our wall and there was vibrating for several hours every nite.  It was so loud we had to turn the TV volume up considerably.  There is a wall unit in the room with drawers in it, the doors of the wall unit covering the drawers were off with the bare hinges hanging.  When the people in the next room showered the plumbing made a constant sound while they were in the shower that was about as loud as the showcase vibrating on the wall. Staff was fine.  That will be our last stay at Planet Hollywood.
Our room was still dirty upon check in.  Housekeeping apparently doesn't move furniture to clean; we found used q-tips under the chair.  Our room was very dark; 2 light bulbs were burnt out and we were missing a lamp.  Maintenance came about 45 minutes after our call to repair it.  Even the bathroom wasn't too clean.  Interesting that the room wasn't too clean, but the housekeeping service was always prompt.  They would be knocking at your door as early at 8AM to clean your room.  The room wasn't too big or impressive.  You also can't do express check out from the room; the tv didn't work or didn't have that option.  We had to fill out a paper to check out in the lobby.  The pool area wasn't great either.   The only nice things in this hotel:  The Location, Gordon Ramsay Burgr, Mall, and the Pleasure Pit. . . PARKING Beware: If you arrive past noon, Valet is usually full.  You will need to self park and walk through the entire mall with your luggage.
Rooms are not bad and the price for the room is "ok".  Close to everything.  Seemed odd that you had to pay over $20 for the fitness room.
We've stayed at Planet Hollywood a few times.  I find the dealers friendly, but I have had issues with play tracking by the bosses.  It's hard (if not impossible) to get proper credit for your casino play if they don't properly track, and it's very annoying.  . . The rooms vary.  The "resort room" is much larger than the standard room.  It also has a larger bathroom with a separate tub and shower.  Ask for upgrades when you check in, last time I got one during the middle of the week.  Many rooms have a view of the strip, including the Bellagio fountains.  So, check on these as well.  The standard room is just that, standard.  Nothing to writehome about.. . There are good restaurant choices, Strip House and Koi are solid.  Of course the famous Earl of Sandwich is busy 24 hours a day, but they get you in and out quickly.  The attached mall has some solid choices as well, including Lobster ME.  I give the place 2 stars due to gaming issues and the quality of the rooms.  But, you can certainly do worse on the strip. There are good places to eat, and it's in a nice location, so it has that going for it.  If the price is right, I'd stay here again, but it's not among my first few choices.
Was here for a conference...and though I don't gamble, the casino floor seemed standard enough.  The location is good, to be sure.  The shopping mall is interesting. The meeting rooms were...well...adequate.. . The room, though? HORRIBLE!. . My room was had memorabilia from Val Kilmer's "The Saint." Wow.  Some bad blown up photographs, a Nokia Communicator, and a couple of pocket knives/lock pick sets that Fat Val, himself, might have actually touched!  Not impressed.  It overlooked the rear of the casino/away from the strip, so though I was on the 9th floor, I had a nice view of a rooftop.. . When I got in the room, I opened the door to access the drawers. Kerchunk.  The hinges were loose and the door hung down at an angle.  Ah, well. I'll call that in.  I'd been traveling for 12 hours and had to use the bathroom.. . No ventilation in the bathroom...so as I did my business, I did a courtesy flush.  Finished, used some toilet paper to wipe and reached for the toilet handle...ka-klink...ka-klink.  It offered no resistance.  So, now, I'm in a smelly bathroom and I didn't want to have to call maintenance, but after lifting the lid and determining the problem was the fill valve/water supply (and making sure it was on), I had no choice.  They responded quickly, but were unable to effect more than a temporary half-fix. For the rest of my stay, I just had to plan my flushes, as it took very long to refill.. . Okay...off to get a workout. Where's the gym?  Check the hotel guide...no mention of it.  However, if you read their comprehensive spa book, you'll MAYBE find reference to it and the per use fee.  Seriously?  Okay...I'm in a hotel and I don't like taking elevators, anyway.  Time to find the stairs.  Down from the ninth floor, and it was getting obvious they don't clean their stairwells/check them too often. Trash...beer bottle...condom wrapper...used condom...got down to the third floor and the stair well turned into a corridor.  Down the corridor to find more liquor bottles and an alarmed door at the end...and human feces where somebody squatted and crapped on the wall near the floor.  Nice little pile there.. . Outta here. Back up a couple of flights to catch the elevator. Got outside for some exercise. Came back. Shower stall...gross. Is that just mismatched grout or is it dirty? Some of both. There was a large crack in the tile and water had seeped through it, loosening the wallpaper near the door.  Looked TERRIBLE. Come on, guys...at least caulk the crack, reattach the paper, and throw a new bead of white caulk on the outside!. . Insufficient wall outlets and crappy 1970's clock radio made this room unforgettable (unfortunately).   At least the TV worked.. . Gordon Ramsay's BurGR restaurant made up for it some, at least.
My husband and I were here for a conference. If the room had not been free I would have decided somewhere else to stay. The hotel itself is outdated and the rooms are horrible. Where to start... The carpet in the hallways look dirty and every floor smells of cigarettes. The entry light in our room did not work. The linens were clean but the bathroom was not. The vents in the room and bathroom look like they hadn't been dusted in a really long time. The furniture was old and beat up. It had so many dings and scuffs, it looked like it had been there for 20 years. They charge to use the gym and their spa is expensive and they are "product pushers." No I do not want your 45 dollar loofa! It was my husbands conference but what I did see of the conference rooms were adequate and clean. The place seems to have a lot of conference space available. Internet is not free and expensive. If you must stay here, ask for a room away from the strip, it was quite, I will give them that. Also, check the mound of literature they give you when you're checking in, they slip in a coupon for the spa as well as the buffet but never mentioned it. I didn't see those till after the fact.. . My main gripe about the place all others aside would be that there is no in room coffee! I need coffee every morning and granted most hotel coffee is bad but at least it's available. Here you must venture downstairs to one of two Starbucks and stand in a line with all the other bazillion morning coffee drinkers. Every single morning this irritated me beyond belief. 50 dollars in coffee later.....
Every good thing about our stay was immediately followed by a bad.... . The room was big.... And dirty...... The bed was comfortable.....the pillows suck..... The room had some nice furnishings.... But was extremely dated.... Ours was a robo cop room..... There is wifi in the hotel.... You can only pair one device to it. Each additional device is $14 per device per day....that's ridiculous. . Pool area was large with gambling outside, kinda cool.... The pools themselves were small and u have to rent chairs.... No thanks.. The price for the room was fair.... Until you check out and they hammer u with resort fees and taxes..... . Service throughout the entire hotel was hit and miss.... I would recommend spending a little more money and staying somewhere else
I'm not sure how old the hotel is, but it seems dated. The carpet in the hallway is wrinkled, there wasn't any grout around the bath spout.  I waited in line 25 minutes to check in. . . The price was reasonable.
Lets just say that I am mirroring other reviews, but what the hell!!. . For starters, my wife and I are frequent travelers to Vegas and have stayed in a multitude of rooms/suites. This has to be one of the oddest rooms that we have ever staying in. First of all, No Room Bar.... What, it's Vegas. 2nd, there was the oddly place television, I know that we don't go to Vegas for the room, but with the bed facing one way and the TV on the opposite right wall, thanks for the neck ache. Room was pretty out dated and furniture needs a little work. The shower had almost "zero" pressure as well as the room always felt dirty. Here's the odd one, only (2) lamps worked in the room and one had to be turned off by using towel to unscrew the lightbulb...WTF???? . . The Casino is fun, staff is friendly and actually can have a conversation, but the Casino is Small in compared to others. I really don't understand the layout of the restaurants as they seem to be hidden around corners. You'll be walking along and all of a sudden... up pops a restaurant.... Didn't partake in any of their restaurants as they seem wildly out of the way and menu's were not that appealing.. . I would again like to say that the Staff was excellent and somewhat helpful, but the rooms were a complete disaster. I also agree with the earlier post on the $25 a day fee for one item use of the wifi and gym use... Very odd... We won't stay again, but we will always stay at the sister casino. Caesars!!!!. . One final thought... Parents, take your kids to Disney, NOT VEGAS... So annoying seeing all the children either hanging out on the sides waiting for mom and dad to drop their college fund or getting run into by a stroller...Really, a stroller!!!!
I have stayed here in the past, i guess in its glory days but it has gone down hill fast.  Literally the handles in our bathrooms would come off.  Instead of worrying about charging a $20 resort fee daily so I can make local phone calls, they should provide a room where I can take a bath.  The hotel is fun like Hard Rock but like Hard Rock, its dirty and used hard.  The mall is nice and variety of places to eat.  But with  Cosmo across the street, I should have stayed there.  As u wait in the long line just to check in, once you get to talk to a person they just want to upsale you to another shitty room like used car sales man.  NOT IMPRESSED.  I will never stay here again.
