Service - prompt. very prompt. In fact so prompt that I called her a "fly by waitress" I didn't even remember what her face looked like. It felt like she wanted us out of there and it was confirmed when at the end of our meal she dropped the bill  without even asking for the previously mentioned to go order we wanted to place. So much for that, our tab could of been higher! It sucks for her because we are like the best customers EVER, we tip great and are super easy, so very put off by this and said to everyone at the table, "tip going down." Even though we still tip 20% which is a low tip for all of us.. . But my foodie friends and I agreed that every time we have come here the service has lagged. Beautiful space though, which is why we always hope for success.. . I am steadily unimpressed by the food. I have had dinner here and this was my first time having Sunday brunch. The best part of it was my amazing cinnamon roll.The orange juice was great, but it was a tiny glass and they put ice in it, WTF?! If I'm paying for fresh squeezed orange juice, on top of a small glass please leave out the ice!. . I had the fried egg sandwich. Nice presentation, great tasting sandwich. Came with a side of potatoes, btw, I could live in a potato and eat my way out so I am sad, they look great but are tasteless, so tasteless I didn't even finish them. That's a first!. . On top of everything, waited almost an hour for our food. . . So, since I'm steadily unimpressed by this beautiful spot, I will go back, but only for drinks, they can't mess that up!
I was so excited to go to St. Francis for brunch with my friends today.  I've been hearing glowing reviews of this restaurant, and have been eager to try it.  We just beat the Sunday morning rush.  We were a party of 6, and we were seated at the long, uncomfortable table with the bench seats.  The seats were too low to really be easy to slip into and out of, and on one side of the table there were no backs to the seats.  How comfortable can that be?  Anyway, the menu looked delightful, and the Cartel coffee was strong and delicious.  We ordered a couple of their sticky buns to share.  They were huge, and quite yummy.  I ordered the basic American Breakfast (2 eggs, bacon, potatoes, toast).  The only thing I finished was the bacon.  The eggs, while light and fluffy, were bland.  There was neither salt nor pepper on our table, and we weren't offered hot sauce.  The toast was dry.  While the bread was good, could I possibly have some butter, please?  And the jam was overly-sweet and tasted like Smuckers--nothing special.  The potatoes were whole fingerlings, and were so dry I only ate one and left the rest.  Blah.  On the plus side, the male servers were attractive and our all-female party enjoyed that aspect of the experience.  I love what they've done with the building, and I'll give them another chance at lunch or dinner, but I won't be going back to St. Francis for brunch.  We HATED the valet parking.  It was raining outside and we had to wait in line for an unreasonable amout of time for our car.
Although the space itself is really beautiful, My first visit to St. Francis left me longing for the tiny digs and reliably excellent food of Matt's. On the plus side, our party of 6 was seated without wait, the wait staff provide lots of good eye candy and the service was friendly and prompt.  The food was just ok.  I had the fried egg sandwich which comes with their roasted fingerling potatoes and small ramekins of their 'Mexican ketchup' and chipotle mayo. Everything on the plate was boring. There are just too many ways to make a great breakfast potato, so these bland, unseasoned fingerlings were disappointing and neither condiment wowed me. I thought it odd that no salt or pepper were on any table and I thought I might insult the chef by asking for them.  I assumed the absence of such basic 'comforts' must mean they believe everything is coming out of the kitchen perfectly seasoned. Guess again guys. It is never a good thing when a table full of famiodis foodies take in an entire meal at a new place without a single rave or a 'holy socks Batman,this is killer!!'.  Nope, not a single holy anything in the beautifully styled St. Francis. My other non food related negatives are the lack of parking and the VERY uncomfortable seating. They do offer complimentary valet service in their postage stamp sized lot but it looked like a crazed chess game as we waited (in the rain)  for a stupid long time for the valet to 'free' our cars. The seating is bench style, on which there are no backs, so you are either practicing perfect posture throughout you meal or you are leaning into the backs of perfect strangers. Either way, it is weird and uncomfortable. All in all , I most likely wouldn't go out of my way to go back.
Long wait. Over priced. Under served. So many better places to go.
I love the outdoor space at this restaurant. We had a very friendly waiter serve us. We started out with a delicious gin cucumber cocktail which was so refreshing. For an appetizer we had the chicken arugula flatbread that was tasty but definitely could of used a bit more flavor. The caesar salad made with kale was so salty that we were not able to eat much of it. The romaine salad was okay, nothing special. The entree, halibut was so dry it was totally inedible. The roasted vegetables were just so-so. I ate here in December and loved it but this time I was very disappointed. I am in no hurry to return, except for a drink.
I had dinner here last week.  We went on Thursday night and there was a 45 min wait.  Good sign I thought!  I have no problem waiting for great food.  We took a seat on their patio and ordered a drink.  I ordered one of their signature cocktails with strawberry's and basil.  The waiter warned me that the drink was very strong and sweet,  since I like strong drinks I went for it.  This drink was terrible. TERRIBLE!!!! Not to mention I had to shell out about 12 buck with tax and tip for this undrinkable concoction.  Let me just say I am not dissatisfied because it was overly strong or sweet.   But rather because it was disgusting.  This is where St Fancis loses one full star from me.  . . Once we were seated our server was very attentive and nice.  We were seated at a table right inside the door next to a lager table set into this glass alcove.  It looked very cool but once the birthday party with eight ladies took their seats this alcove turned into a megaphone projecting everything this group of ladies said right into our faces.  It was so uncomfortably loud that it was actually painful to my ears.  I found myself holding a hand over the ear closest to them.   We could hardly hold  a conversation.  I ordered a salad to start and requested it without the bacon, the kitchen either did not get this request or overlooked it, because my salad arrived covered in pig.  The goat cheese appetizer was pretty good. The forbidden rice and the pork chop were excellent.  If I were only reviewing our entrees then this place would have gotten five stars.   . . All in all we dropped around $100 for two people.  I am in no hurry to eat here again.  Although the entrees were so tasty that I may be inclined to order just those again to go!
Went to St. Francis Restaurant for lunch - my husband is a Yelper and so we expected a great deal more than we received.  Nothing was bad - just not particularly good - nothing to go back for - we had TOMATO SAUCE with goat cheese and TOMATO SAUCE with meatballs - notice the emphasis on "tomato sauce".   I was unable to taste any goat cheese and the little hard bread chips were a waste of time.  The meatballs were fine, but so overpowered by the tomato sauce that the Moroccan spices were almost lost.  Oh, I have a problem with tomato sauce and have been suffering ever since lunch.  I thought I read the menu carefully and was unaware that both things we ordered would be so heavily doused with TOMATO SAUCE.  Somebody mentioned tomato salsa with their goat cheese, but we got TOMATO SAUCE  and lots of it.. . Nice ambiance - pleasant waitress, fairly timely service, but ----
What's with all the flies outside?  Not sure there's anything the place can do about it, but it sure made to an uncomfortable start--the 30 minute wait to get a table, even though I could see two tables big enough for us unused.. . Our waitress was quiet in a loud joint. She got my order wrong.  I asked for the pork chile verde, she brought me the pork chop. The pork chop was very good, but the accompanying beans were way undercooked.  Oh, an the pork chop was $22, versus the pork chile verde I was planning on getting being $13.. . The food was definitely tasty (for the most part) and fresh.  I'd rate the food a 7/10, but the waiting discomfort, the quiet and non-eye-contact waitress I'd rate a 4/10. . . Overall, there are a lot of better places nearby.  I recommend Postino or Hulu's.
After 3 experiences, I think I can admit that I am not crazy about St. Francis.  This last meal confirms it and is by far the most telling.  First of all, our server ranted and raved about the cioppino.  When she said she got to enjoy one after "winning a contest" at which point I should have know she was more of a saleswoman than a true guide of the menu.  She ranted and raved about the cheesy bread included in the dish, not exactly a traditional staple of cioppino but I thought I'd give it a try.  It tasted like delicious cheese bread in the middle of Ragu and old seafood.  Good cioppino is rare, but it's not rocket science.  This was easily the worst dish St. Francis has done in my experience and for the price and reputation they try to uphold, this is inexcusable.  . . Happy hour at St. Francis?  Good.  Pizza?  They use the crust from LGO so it better be decent.  It's a good thing St. Francis has a good location, beautiful building, hipsterpopularity and great happy hour...  General Phoenix diners will be able to look past the low quality food for those reasons.  True quality food-seekers will look elsewhere.  I'll give you a try again in a few months St. Francis, I hope you can hold on to a few decent cooks and a chef long enough to make some changes.
Summer doldrums perhaps?  I have been to St. Francis a number of times and generally the food has been quite delightful until last night --A friend and I went for dinner--and enough things weren't right to write a review and wave a little warning flag.  my friend ordered several sides--among them were the fingerling potatoes and roasted vegetables--now when I think of roasted vegetables--i think of eggplant, squash, peppers, asparagus--but only beans and corn??  I don't think so--for the price it seemed very skimpy and not very imaginative or creative which I know the St. Francis can do.  She also ordered the fingerling potatoes--which were underdone and flavorless--this after they had been forgotten on the order and attempt made to foist a bowl of soup on my friend instead.  I ordered the white fish--which was okay but not great and was served at a temperature of somewhere between not warm and cool.  The restaurant was not terribly busy--so perhaps this was just an off night--If you can't get the simple things right like roasted vegetables and potatoes--there is something wrong in the kitchen.
I heard so many good things about this place that I felt disappointed ... the only good things about it was my company what made it so worth it... the drinks so "whatever" the food nothing special and the ambient just another urban style restaurant... I don't see myself going back to it.... @ least he requested again...
Great atmosphere, trendy, chic, but the food leaves a lot to be desired.
Slowwwww service. From waiting 30 minutes to be seated (with open tables) to waiting 20 minutes before being able to order and 40 minutes for our food.
The motif was interesting- not much of a "modern" buff myself.  The location is good, the food was good- the "gourmet bread" was not the best- unless by "gourmet" you mean charred- if that is the case- it was excellent!  The food choices were all  interesting- the sandwich I had that had goat cheese was pretty good- but not anything to write home about. The service for a party of ten was not the best- even though we had the entire second floor to ourselves- they only had two servers on at noon on a Friday at lunch. Not the best planning. Also, word to the wise ladies- do NOT sit your purse on the counter in the restroom. It LOOKS like a counter- but is a motion sensitive sink. Glad I have fast relfexes and a dry wallet! Just sayin'.. . So, all in all, an OK place for lunch, but I wouldn't make a special trip here for lunch or dinner.
st. francis, you are the most frustrating place in phoenix to me. i am always so pleased with the food but horrified by the service. . that's right, horrified. . i have been here four times, in hopes this was some kind of sick fluke, but no, this is not the case. . however, the food is fantastic. the brunch is a wonderful spring day event. but be prepared to sit at your table without a drink for 15 minutes and to not place your order for another 30 minutes, even if you feel like it isn't busy, the service will not improve.
Yummy food and excellent service, as always. However Beau and I have been scrupulous when evaluating restaurants' hygiene; it was unsettling to see them sweep the floor with raw food, clean plates and prep bowls so very low to the floor. Most servers had their hair pulled back tightly, or very short, with one exception - and her long loose hair stood out. It was disappointing that they charged extra for a broccoli substitute for pasta.
I don't often review places on Yelp because of the time commitment and because usually I am just looking for a good bite to eat. This time, though I feel I should if not to balance the ridiculous number of 4 and 5 stars bouncing around for this place.. The food was decent, and the atmosphere OK but seriously, how can this place cost as much as it does ($60+ for two people eating light)?? And how are people fawning all over it? I don't like to complain about a good meal, and indeed this meal was good but I can't seem to justify the cost as compared to most any other place I have tried in Phoenix that would be considered in St. Francis' class. . . I ordered a Hearts of Romaine Salad and a bowl of cauliflower soup. I shared a plate of the baked goat cheese with my guest. Not one of these dishes would have tasted much different had I made them myself from ingredients at the Public Market. Indeed, I have had cauliflower soup at the market that tasted just as good for a fraction of the price.. . The service was good, I will say, and for that I would offer a higher rating. But the general ambiance of pretension was more than I could justify, again for a meal I feel like I have had 100 times before. . . In the end I guess I would say if they would knock about $10 off of each plate, and cut some of the pretentious attitude, I would probably be offering a much  better review. . . I am not planning a return anytime soon.
All I can say is the horrible service overrode everything that could possibly have been good about the food.  The ambience of this establishment was very cool and hip and had an abundance of open air seating which was most welcome coming into phoenix from Michigan winter that same day.  However, our server was not good at all!  We waited for waters for over 10 mins. and when I needed a refill, because that was all I was drinking, forget about it.  I had to flag another server down while I could see my waitress rolling silverware.  We were eating with another couple and she never asked if we wanted the bill split either which I thought was unacceptable. . . Ok...for the food.  I had the pork chili verde which was very flavorful and the cornbread that came with it, I wished I had more of it.  My husband had the kale and Brussel sprouts and kale salad which he thought was very good but the meatballs were just that, nothing special.  Even with the hen egg.  The other couple we were with had been here several times and obviously have had much different experiences than we had because I don't think I would go back unless it was for a cocktail because they had a pretty good looking list and the bar area had tables and space to mingle.
I met friends here on the suggestion of Happy Hour eats n drinks. Arriving to the restaurant there were only 2 parking spots open and they were behind the beer truck that was blocking them, next to a foul smelling dumpster and gas tanks sitting out in the open. . It was about 4:15pm on a Tuesday. . I parked and entered and found the ambiance pleasant. I would recommend some blinds for the atrium seating so that during sunset your customers arent in a greenhouse..  The server was exceptionally polite and helpful and attentive. He even escorted me to the ladies room and advised me they were unisex. He was just a peach! . The unisex bathroom however, reeked of urine. There's a reason ladies prefer their own lavatory! . Structurally speaking, and this is being really picky, when you wash your hands in their unique sink, the faucet sits so low to the basin that your hands come close to dragging in the dirty basin that others have used. Icky. . Once the last minutes of happy hour grew near though, our server's attention, understandably, waned. They got slammed. Perhaps a drink runner for that last hour of happy hour would have aided us in getting our drinks BEFORE closing out AND paying our tabs. . The food choices for happy hour noshing were odd to say the least; a warm puddle of goat cheese with crunchy crostini; a cheese foccacia which was too similar to that served up at Sweet Tomatoes; cauliflower soup; grilled vegetables which was a pile of Lima beans with a few pieces of grilled cauliflower and carrots on top with some orange sauce drizzled over it all; Odd choices- and for being odd, they should have at least been delicious to counter the strangeness of the selections. They fell flat..  I then ordered the olive medley and a bread loaf which they purportedly bake on site. The olives were plentiful and tasty. The bread however was burnt. It had big empty holes in the middle so the amount of bread was slight. . Our cocktails were also unique, however some of them fell flat while others were so immensely strong we had to send 1 or 2 back. . The reason i will never return to St. Francis isnt even any of the above although it contributes. But the icing, the cherry on top was departing the joint. . Now I get why these hipster trendspots hire valet companies. The need to "accommodate" the customer who drives, is hopefully met by an attendant who crams your car into a packed lot meant for only about 16 cars. . When I arrived there was no valet to squeeze me into my spot behind the beer truck, next to the dumpster, near the gas tanks. But when I left my car was again blocked in, this time by other cars which had been sandwiched between my rear and the cars in the lanes behind mine. . it took quite the effort and my passenger getting out to guide me, to get out of my spot safely.. On my exit, backwards, through the lot and around a corner, only then did I notice the valets. One was running about, the other seemed  a bit oblivious, flustered. I rolled down my window, and said "You guys have to be kidding the way you block people in, " I said smiling, trying to make light of the situation. . "Most people know." he replied.. "Know what?" I asked.. "To let us know.". Confused, I wasnt sure what he meant. . My passenger said "You guys blocked her in and she could barely get out.". The attendant responded, "Look lady, that's the name of the game.". My passenger said "What game is that?". He replied sarcastically, "Well if you've ever been to St. Francis...". "I have not" I cut him off as he continued to try to explain that we should have known to come let them know so they could move cars to let us out. . 1st of all, from my spot I couldnt see that there was even a valet set up.. 2nd of all- to get your attention then to wait for you to rubix cube cars around would have inconvenienced me, YOUR CUSTOMER AND THE PATRON OF THE RESTAURANT THAT HIRES YOUR DUMB ASS TO CAR JOCKEY! . To which i replied "I have not been here before and I wont be back now" to which he replied. "Well good " and rolled his eyes.. St Francis- the valet is the first and last impression of your restaurant. And that is why, more than anything else, I wont be back and I try to avoid places that use valets b/c they are too cheap to buy extra land to accommodate the numbers their trendy new spot might bring in. Additionally 9and not in your case since our drinks were priced for happy hour) my money that pays for inflated bar and food prices should cover me for FREE PARKING and not to have to pay or even tip some juvenile dipshit whom I wouldnt let drive my car if he was my own relative!
St. Francis is the patron saint of animals and he was a vegetarian so why does a restaurant named after him have I believe it was 1 veg entrees and 1 veg appetizer? The veg entree was a rice bowl. Rice is cheap. A rice bowl is big bowl of cheap simple carbs. Nothing special. I believe St. Francis would feel dishonored by this restaurant. Some of the fries I nibbled off my friend's plate were good but you can get good fries at nearly any place. Ketchup tasted store bought rather than made by the restaurant. Atmosphere was nice.
I though the restaurant its self looked amazing, the staff quite helpful and friendly and the service was fast.  Sadly, I found the food quite lacking.  First off the menu is quite small, though it is a small place and small kitchen.  It seems the place focuses more on the bar and wine then the actual food.  The food for all our in our party was just over spiced.  Each of our dinners just tasted like spice and not so much the meat or other entree it ordered.  When ordering meatballs (no pasta, just had the meatballs), I kind of expect to be able to taste the meat.  Plus the garlic bread served with it was so hard, it was uneatable.  Even gnawing on it was ineffective.. . It's a pretty place with a nice atmosphere.  But if you want a good mean, I just can't recommend it.
St. Francis, we live in a loud world and I thought the idea of having a delicious brunch, with an equally yummy Bloody Mary, was really appealing. The food is good and the service is getting sooooo much better but what is the deal with the Jazz trio IN the restaurant???  Seriously, we couldn't even hear ourselves talk!!!  You have to figure out what you're going to be during the weekends and I don't think Jazz Club is going to do you any favors.  I really need & want a relaxed environment so will just go down the street from now on.
Beyond the valets, who were quite efficient, we had a truly underwhelming experience at the St. Francis and would never return.   . . Hosting - 0 stars. Incompetent and argumentative... They told us on the phone there was no wait and we should hurry over.  Arrived in less than 10 minutes and told it was now a 35-minute wait (even though 1/3 of the place was empty) and we better plan on getting drinks in the bar, .  We protested and they argued back that we took too long to arrive.  We showed them our cell phone and yes, it was 7 minutes since we had spoken.  They rolled their eyes and grudgingly gave us the huge bar table that was far too large for just the four of us.  Should have just walked out right then.. . Seating - 0 stars. Very dark with no lighting, no menu, and no server.  Waited for a while in site of the host.  Finally, went over to ask her for a couple of menus.  It was so dark, had to use our cell phones to read the menu.  After a squinting at them for a while, still no water & no server.. . We're about to flee this "Bermuda Triangle" experience, but the server finally shows up and apologizes profusely that this is not normally his section.  OK - let's start again...  Unfortunately, it did not improve much.. . Service - 2 stars. Pleasant & helpful, but we were repeatedly forgotten.  Our shared appetizer didn't show until the main courses arrived.  Refills of water were slow and offers to refresh hour drinks didn't occur until we were nearly finished eating.  Took ages to get the bill paid now that the place (about 90 minutes later) had finally filled up.. . Food - varied. * Roasted Salmon "superfood" - 4 stars ($23). quinoa, avocado, soy beans, radish, sweet chile vinaigrette were a good combination of flavors.  We enjoyed that dish.. . * Flatbread (which was like fluffy Boboli bread) - 2 stars ($13+ each). - Roasted vegetable version was severely lacking the vegetable toppings. - Sausage version was heavy & greasy, and flatbread fell apart. . * Meatballs - 1 star ($15). Three dry, overcooked & overly spicy meatballs (and I normally like spice). Had heartburn all night  ;-(. Plus the garlic bread served with it was so hard, it was uneatable.  . . . We will not return.
The food and atmosphere are great! Urban and chic. We went on a Sunday for brunch and had the scrambled eggs and the chocolate pancake.. However, what put a damper on the whole experience was the service. We waited for 20 min for our check after asking for it and our bill was incorrect.  I was warned about SLOWWWWWWWW service in AZ. and now I have lived it.
Can't believe how slow the service was on a Sunday at 1pm. Waited 20 minutes for a table and had to remind the hostess about our wait time. Once seated it took an hour for our dishes to arrive. I was not aware it took that long to scramble  eggs... I must be doing it wrong at home.
Had heard good things about this local restaurant and took my family there for brunch and was disappointed.  My eggs benedict was tasteless, even salt and pepper didn't improve what passed for hollandaise sauce.  My half finished plate and comment to the server did not result in anyone coming over to check on my comments.  My two grandsons had the best tasting entrees of the 6 of us.
I went with a large group (12) for a birthday. I ordered the french onion burger and it was not as good as I remember. I feel like it had less meat. Also, our service was pretty bad. My friend Xurri R. was there with me and her review goes into much more detail. We waited very long for drinks and refills, never got any check ins. Had to ask for things and they weren't that busy. . . It's pretty pricey. For 2 burgers, 1 cocktail, and 1 beer it was just shy of $50 before tip. . . Also, they served our cake that we brought, but I had number candles which had been taped to the cake and they freaking lost one. My friend was turning 20-something and they lost the 2! WTH?
I came in tonight hoping for a great experience but was not impressed with the service it was slow  and I had to return my salmon dinner also we needed our beverages refreshed but unfortunately our waiter didn't have the chance to come around and when he did we had finished our meals and were ready to go. I don't think we will come back,]
We went because of an episode we saw on 3d.    Dissapointed.    No air conditioning, noisy neighbors without reason, i.e.  not cool kids, old ladies cackling.  The pancake was notas seen, nor the pork dip.....we will not be back
Saw this place on DDD and wanted to check it out.  Went with some friends for brunch on a Saturday.. . Yes, the forced valet parking is a bit of a pain, but the spaces are very tightly packed together and so this way you are not going to get blocked in or anything - if you want to eat here you are going to have to suck it up/deal with it.. . We ordered the onion burger; the chicken salad sandwich and the pork with green chile.. . The burger looked good (and was cooked to the requested level of done-ness - a dying art) but my two dining guests said you couldn't taste the onions (I didn't try it), which is disappointing as the word "onion" is in its description.  The fries that came with it were excellent - I would want a side of those to myself.. . The chicken salad sandwich wasn't great - the bread it was between (house made in the wood fired oven I assume) had clearly been burnt and then the burned parts scraped off (you could see the knife marks on top of the sandwich.  The chicken was clearly "hand pulled" as it had a random size and good flavor, but there was way too much mayo for me - it was kind of a sloppy joe style chicken salad.. . I got the house salad as a side (before I tried the fries) and asked for the buttermilk dressing on the side.  The dressing never showed up and when I asked the server for it I kind of got some "attitude" like I was being difficult.. . The green chile pork was the best dish of the three - great flavor (we got the egg on top) and consistency.  It wasn't the world's largest portion, but it was very good.. . So why only 2 stars, well I think the prices charged a little high, the service wasn't great and there were issues/disappointment with two of the three entrees we ordered.. . They sell their house made bread (for a reasonable $3 a loaf), but nearly all of those looked burnt and so after my sandwich experience I decided not to take one to go.
So, after several trips to this place I figured I would pen a review.  You know what they say, one happy customer tells ten friends and one unhappy one tells 100.  Here are my thoughts:  . . First outing was for breakfast, party of four-food was good, service was pretty good as well.  Little pricey for breakfast, but we had drinks.... . Second visit, dinner and it was just ok.  food was good, atmosphere was good, service was lacking (especially for what they charge for food and drinks).. . Third visit, party of three for dinner-short wait at the bar for a table, ordered an old fashioned and it was pretty mediocre.  Were seated after ~15 min, hostess brought us menu's and indicated we would be served shortly.  After making eye contact with several of the waiter's passing our table, and leaving the menu's hanging off the table, in the universal sign that says "we're ready to order", I got frustrated and decided to leave.  On the way out I mentioned my experience to the hostess and she gave me a doe eyed look and asked if I wanted to speak to the manager... At that point I was hungry and in no mood for that discussion.  Went down the street to the Windsor and had amazing service, good drinks and a great night.  . . I feel I've given this place a fair shake, and have no desire to return.
Noisy, chicken special woefully under seasoned.....since when is risotto crunchy?  I wonder if the chef bothers to taste the food he is serving.  Would not return, there are many far better options in the general vicinity.
Went to St Francis last week for the first time with three of my friends.  The menu is limited.  The cheapest thing is a burger or pizza for twelve dollars.  The burger was terrible, over cooked and lacked flavor.  The pizza was better.  One of my dinner companians had the pork tenderloin. It was very good , a bit spicy but very tender.  . The wines are pricey , nothing under eight dollars. . . Parking is pretty bad unless you go late at night.. . Probably won't be going back anythime soon.
