Meh.  It's okay if you like your pizza crust soggy.  I've been several times before and the crust has always been soggy.  On my most recent visit I asked them to bake the crust longer to make it crispy.  It was soggy again.  . . Please note one point of caution regarding the other reviews of this restaurant.  This place may be quicker to get into, but it is most definitely NOT anywhere near the caliber of Pizzeria Bianco.  Would every pizza chef in town who has a James Beard Award please raise their hand?. . On March 18th I received this message from Karen Martingilio:.  . Dear Ted, thanks for giving us a couple of tries, everyone has their opinion about what they like in a pizza, in Italy they use a knife and fork, we make our crust more soft and chewy more Italian style, and that does not appeal to everyone, however to imply that our other reviewers are just coming to us because the wait is shorter, or that we take less pride in our product then others is somewhat mean spirited, I m sure you didn t intend to insult our dedicated chef or our restaurant but unfortunately it could be misinterpeted by other Yelpers, you are intitled to your opinion and so are our fans on Yelp, thanks again for your imput, Karen Martingilio. . Yelpers, as Karen notes above, I am entitled to my opinion.  Her email does not change my opinion in any way.
It's hard to write a review for a restaurant that is loved by so many others as an Elite Yelper, and have to give it a "Meh" review. Cibo initially won me over with its great atmosphere, fantastic hosts and delicious appetizers, but it did not last. Be prepared for a lengthy review because I'd really like to describe my experience in full.. . I wound up at Cibo with a decent-sized group (12 total, I believe), and everything started off great; the drinks began flowing and the appetizer was being passed around for all to share. The process for ordering was a little slow, but busy Friday night, large table...no biggie. I completely understood, and we kept ourselves busy with conversation. After a bit we got our entree orders in and everyone went with pizzas, and not 10 minutes later, they began to arrive.. . Now, being the first visit for me, I decided to ask for recommendations. That's just what I like to do because I like to hear a server get really excited about one of their favorite dishes. For the white pizzas, our server suggested the Di Notte. I was instantly sold, so much so that I asked for a suggestion on the red pizzas. He then mentioned the Capricciosa, and after a brief chat between him, my girlfriend and myself (Important Note: about the artichokes on the pizza), I told him that we'd take it.. . Going back to the arrival of the pizzas...they came out staggered, which made sense since there is only one pizza oven. We all began sharing as each pie came out, and life was good. First we got our Di Notte (a delicious mix of cheese and spicy salami) which was cooked perfectly and tasted great! A little later, after other pie orders began filling the table, came a vegetarian. The runners are slammed, and they just call out the names of the pizzas and wait for a hand to be raised. Not really hearing the name correctly, I asked if that was the pizza with the artichokes. The runner said yes, and I took the pizza (Note: I was the only one at the table that had artichokes on my pizza). This all brings me to the most awkward moment at a restaurant for me in a very long time. . . We decided to wait on touching the vegetarian pizza because we thought the runner just delivered to the wrong table. It happens, and I was totally ready to hand that pie over unscathed. But when our server came back and I mentioned the potential mistake, he told me that was what I ordered and continued to repeat it over and over. This was an embarrassing situation mostly because I took HIS recommendation because it was my first visit, and we had never even mentioned the "Vegetariana," and because during the conversation we were having the whole table fell silent (funny little extra - the musician just started his break as well...complete silence). He caused a scene even after I had told him it was alright and we'd just take the pizza because it was a mistake. I tried not to place any blame and talked to him with a "this happens" kind of demeanor, but he insisted that that's what we ordered...PLUS he said that he specifically remembered us ordering that because we weren't interested in artichokes. Guess what's on the Vegetariana, folks? Yep. Artichokes. A whole fourth of the pizza was covered in them (I love artichokes, by the way. This posed no problem.). Once that was pointed out, instead of any sort of apology, he decided to explain how the artichokes were only on one "quadrant" of the pizza. C'mon now...I can see a bullshitter, and that was just blatant. It's ridiculous to claim that we ordered a different pizza because of one particular ingredient only to order another with the SAME ingredient. I hope you, the reader, is understanding the uncomfortable situation that I was in because it was a weird one. I kind of couldn't wait to get out of there for the remainder of the dinner.. . That all being said, the woman at the cash bar, Melissa, was great, and she really made an effort to make our table feel a little more comfortable after the whole incident. I hope the owner of Cibo can take note of that because it wasn't really her job, but she was sweet, personable and took it upon herself to feel embarrassed and responsible for our server.. . My first trip to Cibo was a bust, and it's really hard to want to make a return visit, but in time I'm sure I will. I can't let one bad experience dictate how I completely feel about such a beloved local restaurant. Sorry for the length, but I hope this review can be of help to someone. The food and the atmosphere was good, but my experience with the service totally overshadowed them.
Ah,Cibo. I was really expecting to be won over by this place and would have been if it wasn't for the horrible service from our waiter, James. Drinks and appetizers were lovely, so we asked James for pizza recommendations. He recommended the di Notte and the Capriccosa. Initially, I was put off by the artichokes listed on the Capricossa, but after a quick consultation with my boyfriend, we decided it would be fine and followed those recommendations. Our pizzas arrived, the di Notte and Vegetariana. Wait, what?. . We left the Vegetariana untouched and called James over to correct the mistake. He caused a big, loud and embarrassing scene, presenting as defensive and aggressive as he raised his voice and refused to correct the error. He insisted that we had ordered the Vegetariana because we didn't want the artichokes on the Capricossa. When we pointed out there were artichokes on the Vegetariana and that it wasnt our pizza, James said, "Well, they're only on one quadrant of the pizza. You want me to pick them off for you?". . When there is a table of 12 to verify a story, and two costumers have a different version of the event than the server, I think it's time to admit the mistake and move on. I was shocked by his behavior and apparently so was some of the other staff as they came over to apologize for his rudeness. I have never been treated so poorly in a restaurant before, which is not something I had ever expected to say about Cibo.. . The food and ambiance were wonderful, but if service is poor, it ruins the experience and makes me reluctant to spend money here again. Maybe I'd consider if we could get Melissa as our waitress, who remained sweet and attentive and made efforts from the cash bar to make us feel welcome again. Service is such a key element in a restaurant and our server was entirely blind to this fact--although I guess it didn't matter much to him since his gratuity was already added in.
Been to Cibo several times and have had no problems with the food, but what I don't go out to dinner for is a flat out RUDE server. My room mates and I went to Cibo on a thursday night and got right in as we chose to sit inside, i.e.. the place was not swamped as it is on a weekend night. We waited so long to even be helped in the first place that had to finally ask someone if we HAD a server as we would liked to have ordered a bottle of wine. When we ordered apps, as we couldn't pronounce what we wanted, we pointed it out on the menu to the server, so she clearly saw it. However when an antipasti platter came out and we said that wasn't our order, the food runner took it back to our server, who brought it back out to us and continued to argue with us that we did in fact order the antipasti, which we hadn't. Our pizza took so long we actually had time to finish the bottle of wine and could have fallen over if we'd gotten any eye contact or mention of our pizza and where it may have gone. I don't care how amazing the food or how popular the restaurant, servers with poor attitudes are never worth the time and money.
the arugula pear salad was as bland as the Valpolicella and La Noce pie. the ambiance on a cool April evening was a delight. the dining experience was saved by the 25% donation of our bill to Dining Out For Life.
Dinner with relatives - six adults.  Had reservations at 5 pm and were seated promptly.  Then our waiter spent 15 minutes detailing every pizza on the menu...duh, like we couldn't read them for ourselves.  He fawned over the menu until we were sick of him and just wanted to order.  First came our salads, which he insisted we get.  All I can say is yuk.  They just were weird and not that good for the price.. . Then he disappeared.  Two non-english speaking girls brought our pizzas, but wouldn't take our six dirty salad plates and utensils.  What fun it is to eat your main course with dirty dishes all over the table.  Our waiter had GUARANTEED us that the pizzas would be the best we had ever eaten.  Meh.  I've had better at NYPD Pizza. . . But what really ticked me off is that we could get no refills on beverages, no dirty dishes cleared, and nobody would get me a clean fork to eat my calzone.  For this price I think I'm entitled to a clean utensil.  Yes, the menu states that parties 6 or more will have gratuity automatically added.  I'm cool with that, except that at Cibo's that means "after we take your order we don't have to offer you any more service, and we still get our 20%.". . I'd never go back.  Just wasn't worth the $$.
I came to this place with a friend, who raves about this place so I was excited to finally try it after all the hype that is was given on behalf of my friend. Sadly to say, I have had better pizza at a similar type restaurant to Cibo. The pizza that I had was soggy and had no flavor. I was very disappointed and do not believe that pizza should be eaten with a knife and fork. The only thing I liked was the dessert, which was the nutella crepe. I will never come pack here and stick to my favorite urban pizzaria, which is La Bocca in Tempe.
Been here once before and enjoyed it so took friends Frid. night (Jan. 20th).  One of the friends has Celiac's Disease and therefore must eat a gluton-free diet, which I inquired about the previous night I was there.  I called ahead to confirm their gluton-free menu and a very snotty girl informed me they "could make anything on their menu gluton-free" and they "did not take reservations."  We arrived at 7PM and were told of a 30 min. wait; 1 hr. later we were seated.  Another 10 mins. and a waitress asked about drinks and we ordered a bottle of wine and menus.  Another 15 mins. later our wine was brought and immediately opened, and when we asked about the gluton-free menu again, the waitress told us "Oh, unfortunately we're all out of our gluton-free dough.  In fact two people before you just asked and couldn't get any."  She stared at us expecting to order something else, to which my friend said "it's not like it's a diet I'm on, it's a lifestyle.  I can't eat anything then."  So after all that we walked out, drove to La Grande Orange on 40th St. & Camelback (known for it's fantastic gluton-free pizzas) and had a wonderful time. . . Note to Cibo:  for a restaurant that RUDELY tells you they can make anything gluton-free, and at $15 to $16 for a small pizza, you'd think you would make enough dough that you could afford to throw some out rather than run short on a weekend night!
Let me say right off the bat, the food here is phenomenal. The reasons I'm giving it such a poor review is everything I experienced this evening - outside of the food - was awful. They don't accept reservations which I think is a quack. Usually when a restaurant doesn't accept reservations, they have a bar area or a patio where you can sit, relax, and wait to be seated. Cibo has a bar - a tiny one - inside the home. There is almost no place to sit and wait to be seated for dinner. We arrived at about 7:30 and were told there would be an hour wait...I think it was closer to 75-80 minutes. As I was the oldest in my group with some health issues, I was the one chosen to get to sit in the one and only (metal) chair by the front entrance. I was thankful for that.. . There was no wait staff who came by to see if we wanted anything to drink, so my friends and I waited the entire time, badly in need of refreshment.. . We finally were seated on the patio about ten feet from a fellow with an electric keyboard. Call me old and cranky, but when I come to dine in a restaurant, I want to be able to talk in a low voice with my dining companions. Granted, we didn't have to yell to be heard with the music right next to us, but it was definitely hard to hear each other. . . We did receive our menus after about five minutes, but I think it was another 30 minutes before we got our meals. The waitresses did keep our water glasses filled which was nice.. . Our table was metal, sitting on a paver-type floor, and was uneven. My friend had to keep her foot on the bar of the table to keep it from wobbling. The table had cross bars on either side so you couldn't even sit dead-on to the table. I had to sit sideways and was very uncomfortable. The chairs were horrendous...plastic, skinny, and barely enough room to seat your behind. I think those chairs are there to encourage you to eat and run.. . I loved our food...we had the Burrata, the Tricolore and the Tartufta (sp?) pizze which was extraordinary. We didn't get dessert as we were stuffed.. . I would return to Cibo but only when they first open. I don't appreciate restaurants that don't take reservations and then expect you to stand the entire time until you can be seated.
My experience was average at best.  The pizza ok the service was way too slow!
Cute little old house setting is appealing but it doesn't need to be so noisy or so dark. Place was very busy which is fine if there's enough staff but the help was overworked. They were all super nice and very efficient. The person who does the hiring has a good eye for talent. . . Focaccia appetizer was just okay. Bland even with the side of balsamic vinegar. . . Pizza...  Excellent crust!  But again, bland. Mine had potatoes which I like on pizza but usually they are applied in thin slices. These were big chunks which made for a pasty, starchy texture. . . Nutella crepe dessert was slimy. I felt the problem was an undercooked crepe. Maybe the kitchen is also too dark.. . I wouldn't go back. Plenty of other good Neapolitan style pizza joints in Phoenix.
2 words--not impressed. . . I called ahead to see if we could make a reservation for our party of 3 as we had show tickets and was informed that they do not take reservations for parties smaller than 8. I was assured however that we should have NO PROBLEM being seated promptly at 6PM on aSaturday evening. Our show was at 8PM so I figured a 2 hour window should have been ample. It's just pizza--how hard can it be? Boy was I wrong.. . Well guess what? The restaurant was P.A.C.K.E.D. We waited 20 minutes to be seated which wasn't too bad for a Saturday evening at a popular spot but when the expectation was already set that it "wouldn't be a problem" to get seated, it was annoying.  The hostesses were friendly and pleasant tho so it was hard to be outwardly annoyed. . . We were finally seated inside and proceeded to wait some more for a server to come by and take our drink order. 10 minutes passed when I flagged down a busser to ask if we could get someone to take our drink order. A few short minutes later, our server arrived and so it began...the glare. The "can't you see I'm very busy and you'll just have to wait" glare. Sigh. Because we were seated in a smaller room, it was very noisy and our server REFUSED to speak louder to share with us the beers they had available. We aren't deaf...it was just loud. She wouldn't move closer to the person asking, she wouldn't speak louder, nothing. And then she walked away...and 10 minutes later, she passed by to inform us that the bartender was backed up and it would be a few more minutes but didn't stop long enough to take our appetizer or dinner order. Fortunately, the busser was VERY on top of keeping our water filled so at least we had SOMETHING to drink. Drinks finally came out and we had to ask her to take our appetizer order. Again the "can't you see I'm busy" glare. It was 30 minutes after seating that our appetizer finally came. We ordered the Burrata which is fresh mozzarella with proscuitto and toast. Although the mozzarella and proscuitto were delicious, the toast was burnt...visibly burnt. I'm not even sure why she put it in front of us that's how burnt it was. But, we couldn't send it back because no one ever came by to check on us. . . More time passes and everyone in the room has received their appetizers, entrees, and have moved on to dessert except for us. We are still waiting for our entrees and are watching the clock. At 7:20, I flagged down our server who gave me the glare again to ask her if our pizzas were coming out soon as we had show tickets. Instead of "I'm so sorry for the wait, let me check on that for you" I received the "I'd call you a bitch if I wouldn't get fired for it" glare and this time the glare was accompanied by a lecture that there was a party in the Carriage House. I had NO idea what the Carriage House was or why a party there had any effect on our meals but our server had already huffed off before I could ask. So we googled. Turns out Carriage House is part of Cibo where they serve large parties. Good to know...would have been better to know back when we were getting seated about these delays but so be it. Our pizzas arrived at the table at 7:30 PM. We have now been at Cibo for 90 minutes. Our show was at Comerica and was starting at 8PM. We scarfed down that pizza as fast as we could and Ms. Glare left us the check at least when she dropped our pizzas. . . After all that waiting, rudeness, and more waiting, honestly? I've had better pizza at Picazzos. This pizza was thin looking but was doughy. The sausage on the Salsiccia was sparse at best. The Rustica wasn't cut properly so we were fighting with the proscuttio. Both were just ok. It was really very anti-climatic. . . Cibo was a major disappointment. Considering all the rave reviews here on Yelp, I am that much more disappointed that our experience was so dismal. I wish I could tell you our server's name. If she said it, we sure didn't hear her and I'm pretty sure she didn't say it. There are lots of other options downtown. You might consider not going to Cibo unless you go with a larger party because apparently that's the only way to get good service and properly prepared food.
The food is SO good but I literally ALWAYS get awful service! I complained to management for the awful and rude server we had, they respond and apologize and also offered to comp our next meal but it just has not become worth it to me considering there are plenty of other GREAT pizza places around town that also have awesome and friendly service.
Hello...  We eat here at least once a week. We enjoy their pizza and brunch. Specific items only, as this place can be over priced. There is a server named Tom who is severely lacking the "service industry" bone... He is by far the worst server there. He has ruined several of our experiences. To the point that we specifically request to not be seated in his area. When we complained about him we were told that he is apart of the owners family. Despite the many complaints he is still in the front of the house. So sad. His communication skills are more suited for the computer world.. Today is mother's day and I brought my family there to eat. The food was cold and we were surrounded by flies inside of the restaurant. Horrible first time experience for my family. We keep trying to give cibo the benefit of the doubt but we are running low on chances as of now. . I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer. The service and quality of food is not consistent.
I still haven't figured out the new bandwagon of the burned crispy crust pizza usually associated with the much cheaper frozen-for-microwavables. Congratulations, you served a "new kind of pizza" because you threw 2-3 items usually not thrown together on top of a big oven cracker.. . All that disclaimer being said, go to Humble Pie and get their Fig & Prosciutto pizza. It really is the exception to the rule. Plus, there's the not burnt bonus, and crust I'd consume. It was hard for me to admit out loud that the cacophony-pizza craze had a desirable item for a guy who would still like to enjoy his food if he's having to pay for it in duplicate all for the atmospheric air of trend.
I don't understand the great reviews for this place. I went here on a nice evening and decided to sit outside. The atmosphere outside is alright. Cute little old house set up. Big deal. . The service is horrible and our waitress didn't seem to listen at all. We ordered some bruschetta. It was ok at best. We then said we were probably interested in trying the lasagna, but to come back in a few more minutes. We told her we changed our minds on the lasagna and wanted to share a four cheese pizza. About 5 minutes later, we get lasagna. She said sorry it came out so fast and the pizza would be out in 10 minutes. We decided it wasn't such a huge deal and we could take that home. However, it is totally rude for one person to get their food and not the other person. Who does that?? We then get our pizza. . On to the awful food. Like I said, the bruschetta was ok. Postinos is 100 times better. The lasagna, we just boxed. My boyfriend ate it the next day and said it was horrible. I make much better at home, and this was some extra special dish they had. The pizza.......oh my. It SERIOUSLY tasted like I took a bunch of cheese and melted it in the microwave. It was some of the worst pizza I have ever had. . I will never go back. Horrible service and horrible food. I don't get why they have such good reviews. Maybe because it is in downtown and its a cool place to go hang out. Go to Angels Trumpet.
I didn't love this place.. the pizza tasted burnt. we went in a group of 6 ppl and ordered  different types of pizza, but they all were a bit burnt with the burnt taste. Although, I did not like their food the location of this restaurant was fantastic, and the ambiance was wonderful as well with friendly staff.
I have eaten at this place several times  and loved it.. but recently I noticed something has changed..   The food and service has gone downhill  what happened ??     I ordered the sample meat appetizer well there was one slice of each of the meat and the rest mostly cherry tomato's not worth the price anymore..  We ordered 4 pizza's for the table .. they all were under cooked soggy  a real mess.. The taste was bland..  Our waitress seemed like she was somewhere else.. would disappear a lot.  It was almost impossible get water refills..  oh  I forgot mention ... the pizza had a burnt flour taste.. which means they need to clean there ovens..   Sorry Cibo I loved coming to your place but not worth it any more..
I was not impressed. The pizza crust on the Margherita I ordered was soggy. I have had better at Pizzeria Bianco or Humble Pie.
Cibo - NOT GOOD!!. . I heard all the hype about Cibo and how great their pizzas are, we I'm not sure what everyone's talking about because both pizzas lacked quality and taste..  First off the crust is very hard and chewy, your jaw becomes sore after half a slice. Not sure what they put in their dough but this is way too tough (maybe need a little more yeast?)  It's almost like eating a cold hard sourdough with tomato sauce on it. . The toppings were non existent, a few little sprinkles of sausage, and pepperoni that's it!  The sauce bland, and the cheese just okay, We ordered the meat combo, I don't mind paying for good quality, but for this small little pizza, and for the little amount of topping this was unacceptable..  I have been to good quality "wood fired" pizzerias and they were loaded with toppings and full of flavor and wonderful sauce and cheeses. Cibo pizza lacked in all areas, I will not come here again - the ambiance was quaint and nice however the pizza and salads and the rest of the fare is unacceptable.  . . 1 Star for the ambiance . 1 Star for the pizza. . I will not be back...unless I am going for drinks..
Went last night for first time only because we had a gift cert.  Not impressed. Server was odd, table was crammed in a corner, flies everywhere ..... Just a weird menu selection.  We won't return.
The Keg at San Tan Village, Gilbert, AZ - Thursday Sept 5th, 2013, about 7:00pm. BIG DISAPPOINTMENT.. . I have been a huge fan of this Keg for many years, so that's what inspired me to write this review. In our party of five I ordered the Classic Filet, medium. When it arrived the first few bites were OK, but on the 3rd or 4th bite I bit into some grizzle. I thought that was odd, being that this was a filet mignon, but I decided to ignore it and kept eating. The last 1/8 of the steak however, turned out to be one big piece of grizzle. That's when I stopped eating and mentioned it to the waiter who in turn called over the manager (he did not offer his name, I did not ask). That's where the biggest disappointment came. I explained the problem to him, and tried to show him how tough the last piece was. He seemed uninterested in examining the offending piece of meat. As if reading from a prepared script for disgruntled diners, he admitted that once in a while a little "silver skin" may escape the notice of the chef (this remaining piece was easily 1/2" thick). And then he proceeded to lecture me TWICE about how I should have let them know early on so they could have corrected the problem, completely ignoring the fact that the problem piece was at the end of the meal. It felt as if he was implying that I was trying to scam a free meal.. . To their credit, they took the meal off the bill, which was the right thing to do, and no else in our party had a bad meal. But grizzle in a filet? Really? I have never encountered grizzle in filet mignon. There are plenty of other steak places in our area to try out - DC Steakhouse comes to mind - but The Keg has slipped a notch, a BIG notch, in my book. It's a real shame.
Honestly, all this place REALLY is, is atmosphere. That in its self is pretty amazing the lights at night, the home-y feel, it's also quite romantic. My date and I weren't that pleased with the food and the dining area is very, very small and tight. Again food wasn't that great, just pizza, really nothing special. Glad i at least tried it out but isn't something I'd return to.
Not real sure what all the fuss is about this place...It is a restaurant which used to be a old house which was built in 1913....there are more tables outside then inside and it is located right on the corner of fillmore and 5th ave......we went there today for lunch only because we happen to be downtown, we would never drive a long way to eat here, not sure why anyone would....We ordered the hot veggie sandwich which tasted pretty good and it comes with fruit or a side salad, we opted for the fruit but be careful and know the fruit comes with vanilla yogurt and granola on top, for those who have nickel allergy ask for no pineapple and no granola which are both very high in nickel...Then we also ordered the white pizza...the thin light crust was the highlight of the pizza, it was very boring and a bit salty....it was nothing to write home about and there are many many other places in town who have amazing white pizza, this just is not it, it totally misses the mark....the pizza is limited during lunch only offering 4 different ones.....we tried the fresca crepe for dessert who is enough for three people, you will need a knife to eat it as the crepe sticks to the plate and it is hard to cut without a knife...I wish there was lots more fruit, it was okay it needed some kind of chocolate or othersauce as the crepe was a bit dry,,,,,,the wait staff was real nice, helpful and able to substitute other foods for my allergies with no added charge....they have hot green tea leaves and the beverages are only $2.00 or less for unlimited refills which is a good price....parking is limited in the back of the building with only about 9 spots but there is metered street parking.......the atmosphere is quaint and the seats inside and out are hard seats with no cushions....if you like atmosphere go , but I was very disappointed in the foods especially after so many people on yelp raved about the pizza, I guess they do not know good pizza, or the cook was having a bad day........
I love the food and atmosphere , only reason i am giving it a 2 star is because of oneof the co-owners. he was v rude to my colleagues and I. we came in and were seatedto a table that apparently was reserved for someone else, but wehad no idea, we just followed the server. Later he comes to us and asked if we had reservation and when we said no he accused us of lying and telling the server that we did?!!! On the way out i stopped to assure him that we had no idea that it was taken and he was VERY rude!! Ilove the other co-owners, but this guy knows nothing about customer service or communication.
Had high hopes for this place but was very disappointed.. . Went with a friend and sat at the bar (my preferred location in most restaurants).  Did get good wine bottle recommendation.  Bartender recommended we each get a pizza as one was too small.  My friend is a social butterfly and makes friends with everyone else at the bar (fortunately) and we kinda decide we'll share each other's pizzas.  We each order a pizza.  Here's where things start going badly.. 1. The pizzas are large enough to share between 2.. 2. My friend's pizza (white pizza with some stuff and truffle oil).  WAY too much truffle oil as we can't taste anything else.. 3. My pizza doesn't arrive.  A few minutes later I ask the bartender where my pizza is.  "Should be out any minute". 4. 10 minutes later - "Should be out any minute". 5. 15 minutes later - "Uh, we are making it now" - Note that all of these were at my request for an update, not proactive by the bartender.. . Since we shared pizza amongst the bar, I don't want it anymore.  I tell the bartender to stop the order.  "uh, ok, we won't charge you for it".  No kidding!!. . The other pizza's were good but not great.  I did have some spaghetti from one of the other bar mates and that was better than the pizza.. . Maybe sitting at the bar was a mistake.  I wouldn't go back anyway.
