Great idea, poorly executed. Took over two weeks just to book a group event. It was like they did not want our money. Two days out management was not even aware of our booking, apparently events director did not share our booking. Promised appetizers in chafing dishes, day of the event we are told the restaurant does not have chafing dishes.. . Finally got it booked. Food was actually pretty good. Very disappointing in how many beers and drinks that were on the menu, and on the chalkboard that listed beverages, that were not available. These are paper menus folks. When you pride yourself on a beer selection and charge $8 and up for a pint, can you not reprint a paper menu? From the reactions of the servers and bartenders they have heard this complaint a lot and they do not understand why management doesn't take the simple step to reprint menus. I expect better from Mr. English.. . Tried to discuss concerns with GM afterwards to offer constructive feedback...he did not see fit to call me back.. . If you are going as a couple probably no problems (just don't have your heart set on a particular beer) but don't ever try to book a group at this restaurant, you will be very disappointed.
Great service and clean. Awful food. Great milkshakes.
I wouldn't go here unless I only wanted to drink. Very loud. The fish and chips were overcooked and the turkey from the carvery was disappointing. The sides of pickles ,coleslaw and fries-none were worth eating. They do appear to have a large beer selection.
We only had to wait about 5 minutes to be seated, but that was about the only good thing about this place.  The staff was not very friendly and it was difficult to recognize them with their plain cornflower blue t-shirts.  We asked for separate checks as soon as our server arrived.  He replied, "We'll deal with that at the end."  Okay.....  so, we ordered, and the menu was VERY expensive.  $10 for a 12 oz. domestic draft deer.  I thought that was ridiculous.  The entrees were also p[ricey- I paid $17 for a grilled cheese and fries.  The food was OK, but not worth the money.  Then, to top it off, when we asked for the check, he gave us 1 check with 20% gratuity added.  We reminded him about separating it.  He then went back to his register and took about 20 minutes to slpit everything up and process our payments.  YES, I understand that splitting checks is a pain, but honestly, it's more and more common these days, especially in a tourist area like Vegas.  The servers and establishments need to adjust to their market.  I am a local, and will NOT be going there again.  I thought for a $33 bill total, the servers should at least be wearing a collared shirt....
Mediocre food. Had fish and chips. Fish was overcooked and coating was charred. Chips were soggy and flavorless. Kitchen was SLOW. It took over an hour from when we were seated until we were served our entree. This might be a good place if you want to drink a lot of beer and don't care when your food arrives or what it tastes like.
I was excited to try this place but the food just wasn't that good. Trust me, I really want to like this place. With that said, it's a fun pub and we went back for beers again. They do have really good service but the food is overpriced and terribly mediocre. Also, basic beers are at least $10 a pint, I know this is Vegas but c'mon! A Fat Tire is $12? You gotta be kiddin' me.
I ate lunch here with my family on Saturday. It is mediocre at best. The atmosphere is.. "pubby"- obviously which was fine... but the food was blaaahh... I ordered the roast beef sliders which were dry and boring. I ate 2 of the 3... and that was only because i doused them in mustard. The fries and the pickles were good, but i expect a little more from T.E. No one in my group claimed their meal was excellent... If you're in the new mall you're better off @ Wolfgang or Social house for lunch..
Disclaimer - I got there late after a long poker session so only had the short menu they start serving at 10:30 pm.  Have read good things about the normal menu so will update this review if I ever have that.. . Got the beef sliders and mini corn dogs.. Sliders - Bland.  The beef wasn't really seasoned (though I guess that's standard in many places) so didn't really taste great.  The slider buns were pretty good - nice flavor and texture.  It let you eat your slider without things spilling everywhere.  But overall it just didn't taste that great.  Even the onions they serve it with get lost in the strength of the slider's sauce as well as the pickles served with it.  . Mini corn dogs with skinny fries - Corn dogs were, again, bland.  The batter had a nice texture but don't think it offered much flavor beyond just kind of a normal sweetness.  The dogs were made of decent meat (I think) but just not seasoned.  Fries were ok - but they did get soggy towards the bottom of the cup.  Not so bad since they would get cold served on a plate (there were lots of them).. . I'm willing to try again as it looked like a really cool place and the Aria poker room is my new favorite.  But the food, so far, was poor.  Service was kind of lacking too.  Bartenders spent a lot of time socializing while patrons were kind of waiting there for service.  My water glass went unfilled my whole meal.
This place was pretty lame. It hooks with you with a cute Irish Pub feel, but prepare to be disappointed.. . We had terrible service. It took 20 minutes to have our beverages delivered while they sat warm at the bar. Food was about $20 per person, which I know is typical for Vegas, but the portions were small. Taste was average, nothing to write home about. . . I got a plate with beef and fritos, I can't remember what it was called. It came out very differently than I expected. One friend ordered the sliders and found them inedible. She did like her fries though. . . A few of my friends ordered oysters, which were a pretty good price. The entrees came, the oysters did not, so they cancelled them. . . It was about a $150 bill for lunch for 5, with 3 people ordering alcoholic drinks. Not worth it.
This place maybe deserves 2 1/2 stars, but I'm sticking with 2 after comparing  it to all the great meals we had and this one stands out as the least favorite.  First, it took 10 minutes to get a menu!! What's up with that?. . Then after we got our menus another 15 minutes to have our order taken.  So after 25 minutes we weren't expecting our food to come out quickly,but it did.  The same inconsistency was found with the food.  Lobster rolls were delicious and of course expensive, but loaded with lobster.  All three in our party were extremely disappointed with the fish and chips. The batter wasn't cooked through and when I asked the waiter about it he said that is the way it's supposed to be.  I lived in England on 2 different occasions....where did this chef get a soggy batter undercooked recipe from?  Not GB I can guarantee!!. . Little corn dogs were ok and the fries were just ok.  The mini blt sliders were just meh.  They looked delicious but needed more mayo or some kind of sauce.  Pretty sure I wouldn't come back to this place with the strange service and hit or miss food that is definitely not cheap.
My husband and I went there on a rainy afternoon on July 11th hoping to enjoy our last day in Las Vegas.  The pub itself is nice, great atmosphere, servers very friendly, food is simply OK.  I had Sheppard's Pie, extremely sweet which was odd to me as the English version is completely different and what I'm used to.  My husband had fish taco's and said they were good. I'd give the other items on the menu a try as the menu really did look good.........BUT would I go back, not quite sure.  I ordered an Ice Tea and not two minutes after it being delivered while in my hand the glass exploded and it sounded like a bomb had gone off.  I was still holding the goblet in my hand but the stem and most of the glass was everywhere including my wrist!  Did I need stitches NO but I had blood running down my arm, on the table and it scared the hell out of me and my husband.  Now was this the Servers fault........NO but what I found tasteless and very unprofessional was the Managers concern.  He merely came over, inspected my wrist and said "are you OK?" when I replied yes he got me a band-aid and we never saw him again.  Our hotel covered all our meals but that is NOT the point.  Our bill came to only $48.65 and what he should have done was said "please come back for dinner ON US"....not the hotel, come back and I'll serve you a fantastic dinner simply because you had such a weird experience.  NOPE nothing, not even I'm sorry for your experience. Our Server Damon E however was wonderful, caring and very concerned.  I now have a scar on my wrist, it hurt the entire rest of our trip.  Should I have gone to the hospital, not really as there was nothing they could have done.  But for a Manager to have such little concern for his patrons is a shame.  It's HIM I should have reported to their headquarters and commend the Server for his quality of care.  Maybe I will do exactly that!
This place is way overrated. We came here for brunch.  We ordered the Duck buns and brown butter lobster rolls and a side of fries. Started out with two pints of Maudite (heck its Vegas!) The service took its time and we had to wait for our food. The duck buns were good and the meat was nicely shredded with a nice dollop of Hoison Sauce. As for the main course the lobster rolls were a disappointment. The meat tasted like it had been sitting for a while and though drenched in brown butter it was missing taste and the portions were small. We split the second pint. The beer selection is good but the prices are high. So for 2 people without a significant amount of food or drinks we ended up paying over 1$$ which is ridiculous for a pub. I guess I am one of the few people who doesn't like gastro pub craze that's sweeping the nation. If the food is done right and a portions are fulfilling I would have no complaints but just jacking up the price while serving mediocre fusion food is unacceptable.
I hold the Duke status for this place, but am fully willing to relinquish it. Like many restaurants that start out so good and degrade into mediocrity, TE PUB has followed miserably. My primary complaint about the place is the attitude of the wait staff and hostesses. The snooty arrogance of this place does not turn me on. There are a couple of friendly bartenders but most of the wait staff seems annoyed at best. One hostess in particular might be the worst in town. . . Last time we went my friend ordered fries that tasted like they hadn't changed the oil in the fryer in a week. . . Too bad, I used to like this place it wasmy go to joint when clients were in town.
First of all, could you make this place more difficult to get to from the strip?  Typical English Pub beer selection that you would find in any US English pub.  Waitress informed us that they offer the only cask beer in all of Nevada.  The free popcorn was a nice touch but my friend said they were stale.  I thought they were just fine.  Excited to see that they offered a buffalo burger but was disappointed when all I tasted was the blue cheese slathered on it.  A previous reviewer on here made the same comment about the cheese I noticed.  I will probably go back if I feel the need to trek 18 plus minutes off of the strip to get there.
An expansive beer list but thats about all it has going for it. The food reads better than it tastes. The 'dirty' chips were a must order based on the ingredients, but  it was so huge it got tiring eating it. Was good though. The foot long kobe dog was all bread and it being kobe made no discernable difference in taste. Service seemed peppy at first but quickly deteriorated..maybe we smelled or something.
Bad service, so so food. The waitress was covered in tattoos and piercings, which always make me lose my appetite. I ordered soup to start, which was delivered without a spoon. It took me five minutes to flag down a service person, who was surly, not apologetic, as he dropped a teaspoon onto the table and vanished. What happened to soup spoons? The chicken dumplings were good, as was the lobster cocktail. The overhead music was too loud.
I live locally so I have been here often and would be dining here if the food was better...much better.  I give 2 stars because every time I come here the bartenders are always cool.  Although, I have never seen the same bartender twice.  The last time I was there (2 nights ago) our bartender was Chrystal and she was very friendly and well imformed.  She was on it when it came to working and serving guests so I would give her 5 stars but unfortunatly she works at Todd English's PUB.  . I went here because I was craving fish and chips and even though I knew the food was not so good I figured they had to get fish and chips right because it's an english PUB.  I was wrong.  It was so terrible and since Chrystal was a very good bartender, I shut my mouth sucked it up (later yack it up) and ate what edible parts I could of my flavorless fish and cold over cooked hard chips, that cost $20!  There was a couple next to us at the bar that ordered the DIRTY NACHOS (which looked disgusting) and after a bite or two they returned them.  . So all in all go here for the great bartenders and the endless peanuts and even a free beer if you can down it in 7 seconds.. JUST EAT BEFORE YOU COME HERE OR AFTER.  The food is just bad :(
Really, $9 for a pint of PBR and $6 for a bottle of Miller lite! That right there should be warning on how overpriced the beers are at this joint. I get that it's located in the luxurious Aria hotel but charging almost triple the price on cheap american beer is insane. Hell I cant get a Belgium Delerium Tremens for $8 at most places, why is it $16 here. It's almost cheaper to play $20 at a 25 Video Poker machine and get two comp beers.
Food was average. Place was so noisy you couldn't hear your table without a megaphone. Not sure how to describe the ambiance, except to say it is someone's Las Vegas attempt to be urban something. Really, I expected more and got less.
Come here for BEER ONLY they had pints for $1. As far as for the food it seems Todd English got his inspiration from a Friday's franchise and then overprices it just to make it look pretty on a plate .
***Todd English PUB offers many entrees that are not that expensive when compared to other celebrity chef backed Vegas restaurants,but the food was mediocre; I will probably seek out Todd English's Olives (The Bellagio) instead on my next Vegas trip***. . We were in Las Vegas and were looking for a decent but still reasonably priced dinner spot so we decided to head to Todd English PUB.  I was impressed with Todd English's food at the LA Food & Wine Festival and had high hopes for this one (even though I knew that Todd English PUB was going to be much more casual and simple fare).. . The atmosphere was very raucous.  It very much had a gastropub feel and it was quite loud.  There was also a seating area outside with heat lamps (unfortunately, since Todd English PUB is located in a congested area, you have to deal with several smokers nearby).. . The menu consisted of a wide variety of food from several fried appetizers to burgers and sandwiches as well as some English pub grub like fish and chips and bangers and mash.. . We started with the ahi tuna on wonton crackers, which was the best dish of the night.  While expensive, the starter was good.  The ahi tuna was nicely mixed with seaweed and gingered sesame vinaigrette.  The tuna mixture sat on light and crispy fried wontons.  The tuna was fresh.  It was also quite spicy.. . I also had the bangers and mash.  The mashed potatoes were good.  They were very light for mashed potatoes and had a good flavor.  They kind of reminded me of the mashed potatoes at Nick & Stef's in Downtown LA.  The bangers were quite bland though.  They were moist enough, but they had very little flavor.  They sat on a creamy mustard sauce, which was also bland.. . I tried some of my friend's fries, which were just okay (a little soft).  My friend mentioned that the fish and chips were bland.. . Service was decent.  The staff was friendly, but it was hard to flag down our waiter at times (which is a common problem when you eat outside and the outside dining area is not that connected to the inside dining area).. . Prices were not too bad for Las Vegas.  There were several entrees below $20.  However, for the quality of food, you can find better gastropub food in other cities at similar or lower prices.. . Though we liked the ahi tuna on wonton crackers, the entrees were very disappointing and I am not sure if the other entrees would be any better.  I did like the little sampling of Todd English's food at the LA event (and he is a very charming, funny and smart guy), but I think his more upscale Olives in The Bellagio is probably a better representation of his skills in the kitchen.. . Todd English PUB is located right next to Aria.  Aria has its own free parking structure and it is easy to find a space (valet parking is also available).
Food is decent but service sucks! Also a bit pricey!
I won't complain about how expensive the Todd English PUB is, because it is in the Aria hotel and everything is equally overpriced there.  But I will complain about the poor food.  For example, the chicken pot pie had a total of four small pieces of chicken in it -- but that was actually a blessing, because the chicken tasted like boiled cardboard.  The puff pastry on the top was puffy but had no taste of pastry.. . That might have been a fluke, you say.  Well, how about the soggy, unflavored, lukewarm fries?  Or the fish and chips where the cook managed to utterly ruin a promising piece of haddock?  Tasteless too.. . On the plus side -- the beer selection is impressive and people watching can be fun.  And the popcorn was decent.. . I don't expect any improvement in the near future, as the Todd English PUB is crowded most times.  It's amazing what constant hype on hotel TVs and hoards of tourists who don't use Yelp can do.
Pricey crab cakes and chili.. Had to flag someone down to give us a drink.  UMMMM.... isn't this a bar??? . . Meh.. not impressed.
When we arrived at the the PUB we were surprised how unpub like it was, It did not attempt to have a faux interior that Vegas is famous for. It was very bright and trendy, which are not things I look for in a pub.. The  hostesses were very friendly and outgoing and made us feel welcomed, but that was where it ended. Our waitress Krystal K seemed very sarcastic and did not care if we were there or not.  Enough about her, our food was good, my friend had the bangers and mash and I had the clam chowder but I don't think a very small laddle of clam chowder is worth $8 nor a bologne sandwich worth $16.00. I do understand that it is Vegas and prices are overinflated, but come on...really Mr. English your prices are way out of line.. The small bucket of popcorn was an unexpected surprise...Beer pong balls for sale in a vending machine,  nice addition to the atmosphere.. I may go back on my next trip, but it is tucked away in a corner and I am not sure if it is worth the walk.
We stopped at the P.U.B. (what's with the periods?) before seeing Viva Elvis at the Aria Hotel and Casino. All we wanted was a quick bite to eat - and that's what we got. I had a Cheese Sandwich - which was OK. Nothing to write home about. Others had a bison burger which looked good - but didn't really elicit any response. The beer list is quite extensive - there are even beer cocktails. Naturally the one beer I wanted was out of stock.. . Service was kind of hit or miss. We had to wait for a table even though there were plenty of tables unoccupied. Our waiter took his sweet time - so we asked for the check the minute the entrees came out.. . Oh and he wouldn't split the check between more than 3 people. Really? In this day and age? That alone is a reason not to go back.. . So basically it fit the bill for a quick bite to eat - but that's not enough to recommend this place.
Todd English's Public Urban Bar is located at the City Center Aria Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas.  For years I have wanted to go to a Todd English place in Vegas ( he has three of them) and so this vacation my wife, Simone and i did.  The first problem I had was actually finding the entrance. You can see the place from the inside of Aria but the only entrance that i could find was from the outside walkway. At any rate, when we got to the P.U.B, the place was rather large and it was packed full of people. our waitress was able to squeeze us in at a table once again right beside the restrooms (this always happens to me). While I took advantage of being so close to the crapper Simone took a look at the menus. The P.U.B features an open kitchen so you can watch the chefs making the food. This is always a good thing as it helps pass the time while you wait for your meal and also gives you a good indication of the quality of the place. The menu is extensive with a complete carvery menu for those meat lovers that includes turkey, beef, duck, chicken and more. Also a raw bar and many grill choices. Simone and I started with an appetizer called Duck Buns.  These were extra large Hoison shredded Duck filled steamed dumplings. They were topped with scallions and served with Ailoi for dipping. They were pillowey and soft on the outside and the duck overflowing from them was steaming hot and tender. They were a very good start to our meal.  Next up were the entrees. Simones choice was, of course, a salad. The chopped Salad to be exact, and that is what it looked like when it arrived.  A bunch of vegetables and lettuce, chopped with dressing. Simone liked it. I didn't bother to even take a picture, that's how excited it made me, but i suppose its hard to make a bunch of rabbit food all that special. Perhaps stupidly so, I went a bit more adventurous with my meal. I went for the Brown Bag Lunch. Artisan Bologna Sandwich on simple white bread with melted cheese and Mayo and a side of chips.  I have not had Bologna in years and about 8 hours later ,I would remember why, but i digress. The Bologna was sliced thin and grilled until the edges were crispy then served on white bread with melted Swiss.  When it arrived at the table it looked kinda pornographic but I dug in anyway. It was definitely artisan and homemade, not your lunch meat variety Bologna. It was kicking with lots of spice and garlic. Good, but perhaps to spicy for my already pickled stomach after a week long battle with gluttony in the City of Vegas.  Being the trooper that I am, I pushed through and finished the entire sandwich and then of course had to move on to the dessert menu.  We went with the Mona-Resee dessert option, basically it was a tasting plate that included homemade Twinkies, a cupcake, red velvet cake, a cookie and even some cookie dough. Simone and I both enjoyed this and Simone took some with her for the rest of her late night chocolate fixes. But this is not where this review ends...as mentioned earlier,  I feel the need to share with you the aftermath of my meal choice .  The Bologna bit me back  at around midnight. The word Fire comes to mind, Not just your average heartburn situation- this burned EVERYWHERE. And it hung on. Three Zantacs, and a night of getting to know my hotel throne and Todd English and his meat were still with me. It took me almost the next twenty four hours to feel well again and it made for a rather rough last day in Vegas ( sorry to the hotel janitorial staff). I wish I could honestly say that I will not hold it against the P.U.B, but I probably will. I can tell you for a fact my Bologna days are over.  Even doing this review today my stomach turns just a bit at the memory.  Maybe someday I will go back to the P.U.B , but who knows? Sorry Todd, I so wanted to love your new place... but it stayed with me for way to long. Thanks for the memories...Two stars for the PUB. **
Busy, noisy place. But that is not why it earned two stars. First problem was that two of the three beers we ordered were flat. Something that a well trained, caring waitress should have noticed. Once we pointed it out, she cheerfully apologized and fetched two different beers. The second problem was that the burger that one of us ordered as "medium" showed up not medium rare, orrare even. It was bloody. Some obvious lack of attention in the kitchen. Our still cheerfully apologetic waitress hustled off to replace it. . . The dirty chips are an interesting appetizer, but probably not something that many people would make a regular habit. The rest of the food was not bad, but a bit forgettable. It appeared to me that the menu was designed primarily for novelty. This was my second visit. So I guess the novelty has worn off. . . I am sure that this place will stay busy and thrive, but with so, so many choices in Vegas, I probably won't return.
Two for the slowness of the kitchen. A one appetizer and two person meal was a two hour event complete with us needing to talk to the manager. They comped a meal to make up for it, but it was just lunch. Is it that hard to keep it together?. . Wings: as expected. I got the chicken sandwich that was served cold and the bread was so buttery I didn't eat it. The skinny fries were excellent. My bf got the iceberg salad that was typical and the sweet potato fries that he really liked. Great beer selection and with diet cola being $4.50 a glass, you're better off buying a beer.
We just arrived in Vegas and we wanted a quick bite and some drinks to start off our epic adventure.. . This place was EHH..  . We shared pitchers of the white sangria. It tasted watered down. I can barely taste the wine or the fruit juice. . I ordered the burger sliders which was ok. It was good but wasn't special..  . We chose this place only because it was the liveliest place to have some drinks and bites within the Aria vicinity.
Really wanted to like this place.  Great atmosphere but the food was mediocre.  I could have overlooked the food were it not for the less than friendly service.  It was a Saturday night but this place wasn't even busy, yet our server acted like we were a huge pain in the ass for even coming in.  Would maybe try this place again because of their great happy hour prices and my eternal optimism.
2.5 Stars..... . I really wanted to like this place not having tried a Todd English restaurant but unfortunately this place didn't live up to my high celebrity chef expectations.. . We started off with the dirty chips which sounded good on the menu, but weren't that good in real life. The chips were smothered in REALLY sharp blue cheese which overpowered the entire dish. The chicken livers that were served with it were fried so much they were nearly burnt. The saving grace of that appetizer were the tomatoes and bacon which tried to cut the sharpness of the blue cheese, but to no avail. The bright side of our appetizer ordering were the raw oysters. They were fresh and the cocktail sauce had the right amount of heat from the horseradish.. . Now on to the entrees. I ordered the chicken pot lie and the sauce was a little too salty. The pie top was nice and flaky though. My husband ordered the New Amsterdam and I think that was the best dish of the evening. It is basically a pastrami Reuben with a hamburger. It was delicious! . . My sisters ordered appetizers as entrees. The duck buns had too much hoisin sauce and in the sauteed clam dish my other sister ordered about half of the clam shells were empty! The waitress was kind enough to go to the kitchen and get her more.. . Overall I would say it was an okay experience. Many of the items we ordered fell short, but perhaps it really depends on what you order. Maybe next time I'm in a celebrity chef mood in Vegas, I'll stick to the tried and true DC chefs (aka: Andres, Richard) ;)
Came here with a few college friends, so naturally we did the pint challenge.  That is a solid deal if you put on your frat boy hat and man up.  We ordered some bar food which was ok.  The one waitress, who looked like Snooki, must hate her job.  She was very unpleasant, which meant no tip for her.  I'd suggest stroll in and pound a few free pints, then head elsewhere.
I have tried Fish and Chips at pretty much all the English pubs in Vegas. . . Even though the price was really high, I did that again.. . Ouch! It sucked really bad.... It wasn't crispy at all (it was more like fritter) and the cod was very thin. Very greasy (I know all fried food is greasy - but in this case, the oil they use is bad, I guess). Not fresh at all (maybe frozen fish?). . . I also ordered a pint of Guiness draught - it was like 18 bucks or something,,, super ridiculous! Wasn't taste good either (meaning it wasn't fresh). . . I'd rather go to Irish Pub in Mandalay Bay. Food is better, price is cheaper, and Guiness draught is much better. . . My server was super slow and bitchy, btw. . . FDP.
The service here was really slow. They host was hilarious and very friendly but everything took a really long time. For Vegas the one good thing was they had a $3 beer special so that was nice to see. I got the soft pretzels and my friend got the corn dog puppies. It is a really pricey lunch menu so we were a little disappointed in that for pub food.
Well this experience couldn't shake a stick to the last one.... . We went to lunch here b/c we were wanted to shop at the largest Louis Vuitton in North America located in the Crystals Mall. It was this place or Wolf Gang Puck's in the center of Crystals.. . My personal belief is anyone who eats here is either staying at Aria [very high end] or shopping at Crystals [extremely high end] b/c the restaurant sits right b/w the two locations and there's no real access from the street [so you have to be looking for it to find it]. Also, parking is very tricky, there's no lot close to it, so you are forced to walk through the mall or Aria to get to this location.. . We walked in and it was freezing cold in here, like lower than 60 degrees b/c it was 60 outside and it was almost unbearable. [Strike 1]. . Then we got accosted and I mean accosted by the horrible, terrible, kill your puppy and eat it, eh-music. It was like Deathstar meets headbanging and it was LOUD so very very LOUD, it hurt my ears, my little brain rattled in my own head.  I think maybe the Devil was speaking to me, but I'm not exactly sure. [Strike 2]. . So we mentioned to our waiter, Eric, that the music was pretty bad and very loud. He completely agreed and proceeded to tell us it was the Chef's personal iPod playing. [Strike 3--what manager allows this to happen?] The music was so bad we started screaming to one another [b/c that's the only way you could hear each other] to name that tune...then Shazam came out!  Here's a selection of the music that was being played at a high end restaurant at 11:15 am -- Barracuda- Heart, I am the highway- Audioslave [wha wha who?], The Doors [can do!], and STP [Here I come a little much at 1130 am but will work over Marilyn Mansion "we're all stars in the dope show"--not kidding!].  . . Now, we were probably one of the only tables not dressed in business suits and not over the age of 40...I can assure you this cannot be the music that a business lunch wants to hear or even notice, b/c you could not NOT notice it.  Eric did get them to turn it down...which only alleviated the issue slightly. . . Onto the Food- . . --We ordered the pickle basket for $7, it was delicious, reminded me of something Carnegie gives you for *free* to start your meal...so keep that in mind.. --They also brought warm popcorn over which was tasty, so ask for that early, the bar [not our table] had peel and eat peanuts.  . --One lady in our party ordered the Caesar Salad, looked nice, too much dressing, priced at $17, which is a little steep for a salad at lunch. Thank God we got that awesome music!. --I ordered the lobster rolls, butter and Aioli on the side, priced at $24. In the Yelp pix these things look huge, in actuality they are about 1.5 inches long and maybe stuffed w/ 1-2 ozs of Lobster meat, thank baby Jesus for the Coleslaw and pickles or else I would've left hungry.  I would not order them again for a meal, maybe a starter if you had 3 people. They were appetizer size in my opinion. They came w/ kettle chips which I let others at the table eat. I also ripped some of the bread away from the sandwich b/c the ratio of bread to lobster was like 3:1.. --We also got the lamb carver sandwich with sourdough, horseradish sauce and black truffle mayo--excellent choice, probably the best choice at the table $18. Lamb was done perfectly, a little on the rare side, and was moist and flavorful.  Choices of sauces was excellent as well. It came with pickled cauliflower [gross], I think a better side choice is in order here.. --Our other co-worker, who is preggers, was dying for the foot-long hotdog priced at $16. She ate the whole thing and seemed to enjoy it. . . So in summation, would I go back, NO I'd try something else.
$40 for a pitcher of Strawberry Lemon Mojito was a total rip off. The pitcher came half full of ice which totally diluted all the buzz we were hoping for. The oysters were also dry. Rather disappointing.
Good bloody Mary bar; not $16 good, but good. Great strawberry mojito; well worth whatever I paid for it. They drew me in with their fried bologna sandwich. Totally gross, I know. In my defense, I grew up with fried bologna sandwiches and have nostalgic memories attached. The bologna wasn't fried enough for my taste! The Texas toast was too buttery and way too much mayo.
A big "meh!" I don't see why people are raving about this place. I like bars and pubs with "beer foods" but this ain't it! Nothing I've tried impressed me. Ok, the size of the foot long hot dog was impressive (actually, it's more intimidating) but the taste left much much to be desired. The fries were mediocre. And I'm a fries lover! Pass!
Very disappointing. Only thing that saves this place is the service. Overpriced food that isn't really that good
Solid beer selection (I'd give this a 3.5 - 4) but the food is severely lacking.. . I ordered a "deconstructed sandwich" from "The Carvery" - which consisted of a handful of "Prime Beef" that was comparable to Arby's quality; two big slices of white bread that may or may not have been taken directly from a bag of wonderbread (btw this choice of bread was recommended by the waitress); along with a piece of iceberg lettuce,  a couple tomatoes, onion and some pickled vegetables...  All for a mere $25 dollars. . Do yourself a favor and just grab a beer here and eat a "post deconstructed" sandwich at Earl of Sandwich at PH across the street for a quarter of the price. . . I can't vouch for the rest of the menu but probably won't be back.
Let me start with saying that I work in the Restaurant Business, I have managed several different restaurants, from pubs to fine dining. . . Where do I start???. . Service: My waiter, "Eric" seemed a little lost. Frantic, disorganized, and it looked like he was freaking out to the busser about condiments. You would think this would happen in the back of the house and not in front of the table he is taking care of.. . Food: We ordered some appetizers, which arrived 15 minutes after our entrees. AWESOME!!! Come on....  Onion rings! don't take more than 3 minutes in the fryer.   . The food was decent, I got to admit. The fish and ships tasted pretty good. Never thought to have fish at the desert. Freshly de-frosted....  Trust me, I know....   I lived in Florida, and I can tell.... . Staff: I always like to walk around the place I eat at to check for organization, (old habit) and at times I learn something new...  But here, It seemed over staffed. A lot of employees just going around in circles and avoiding things that needed to be taken care of. . On my way to the restroom could not help to notice a young girl that my guess is supposed to be the polisher, just being on her phone, while one of the bussers seemed a little frustrated about resetting tables and not having anything to reset with.. . I understand that reviews are intended for other people and not management, but how to transfer the message??  . . One more thing....  I'm sure the food runner noticed me just standing in the middle of the walkway looking at the chef. This poor guy looked overwhelmed, while 3 runners are just standing there with a pile of tickets in front of them and a row of dishes ready to be ran in the hot window...  Come on!!!!   It's frustrating to see such a place with this potential go to hell for the lack of team work.. . I will go back and give it a second review....  I hope management pay a little more attention...  It's a great place, but needs tightening up...
Know what you are getting into. This place is a gimmick. But that's to be expected when visiting an "English Pub" in a casino. Let's get to the pro's and con's.. . Pro's: the grilled brie and bacon sandwich was very good. My wife's grilled chicken with avocado sandwich also looked very good. Come to think of it, every meal I saw pass us looked very decent.. . Con's: No getting around it, the place is supremely over-priced. Typical pint is $11.00. While drinks are expensive in Vegas, this is at the upper-end in terms of cost. Most places in Vegas serve a pint of microbrew for $7.00 to $8.00 (and one place in Palazzo had happy hour pints for $3.00). But you are going to a pub with a large selection of beers, so arguably your premium beer price is going towards having that giant beer selection. . . The service is also leaves a lot to be desired. Our waiter immediately gave us a bad case of the douche chills. I ordered a pint of the cask-conditioned black butte porter and my wife ordered a pint of Magic Hat No. 9. After ordering, he went into this long story about how much he loved Magic Hat No. 9 but wishes he could find it in bottles because in his opinion bottled beer was so much better than draft. According to our waiter, the draft just seemed to "change the flavor of the beer." We thought this was a strange comment because nobody has ever tried to sell me on the idea that bottled beer is better than draft. We didn't think anything of it for the moment.. . Then after he brings our beers, my wife sips her beer and comments that this beer is way stronger than Magic Hat No. 9. Magic Hat No. 9 is probably a 5.5% ABV wheat beer. She then let me sip the beer to confirm. Instead of Magic Hat No. 9, the beer was a Belgian Trippel like Chimay White. Personally, I would prefer the Chimay White to a No. 9, but my wife didn't want to start her lunch with a 9% ABV beer and wanted something light like the No. 9. . . When we explained to the waiter that the beer he brought wasn't No. 9, he tried to convince us that we were wrong. If he had left it at that, we wouldn't have really had a problem because, at the end of the day, we are on vacation, and it's just a beer. We can always grab a beer somewhere else. He then tries to convince that it's the draft mechanism that has changed the flavor. He says that the previous beer on that same tap was a Cider and that the Cider "residue" combined with the Magic Hat No. 9 changed its flavor to a Belgian Trippel. Then he starts smiling and says, "see, I told you that the bottles are better than the tap," as if he were bringing his whole bottle full-circle with this experience.. . Bottom line: We left with the impression that this guy knew they were out of Magic Hat No. 9 but assumed we were too stupid to know the difference between No. 9 and a Belgian Trippel. . . Bottom line: my lunch was good, but the service was kind of weird. And it's a little bit cheesy, but that is to be expected in Vegas. For the money, there are better offerings on the strip. I prefer the Public House in the Palazzo. Food there is similar in quality (also kind of expensive), but the drinks are a little cheaper.
Sure, everything looked amazing, but the taste and quality of the items we tried failed to live up to our expectations. And you're paying premium prices, to boot. First up were the "Spicy Crispy Wings". They were spicy all right - and tiny too. While the taste was excellent, the wings were perhaps the smallest I've ever laid eyes on and they were certainly not crispy - not in the least. Why name them "crispy" but then fail to serve them that way? And seven wings for $12? Fail.. . Next up were the lobster rolls. A buddy of mine had posted a picture of them on Instagram a while back and they looked absolutely amazing. So good, in fact, that I knew I would try them on my next visit to Vegas. Well, they weren't nearly as good as they looked. The crab was great, but the bread seemed incredibly under-baked, almost doughy. The bread was so dense and chewy that it took away from the crab and left me with an unsettled feeling by the end of the meal. The coleslaw served with the dish was excellent. But for $24 for three small rolls, I expected more than just good coleslaw.. . To sum it up, you can find much better wings and much better lobster rolls elsewhere.
After walking around, we were pretty hot and tired and decided to try this pub that happened to be nearby.. . Fortunately, it was happy hour!  . . When Todd's says $3 Sliders, they really mean $3 for one Slider.  One...little...burger.  What a deal.. . And, when Todd's says $1 for wings, they really mean $1 for one wing.  One...little...wing.  What a steal.. . On a positive note, the beer and wine was 1/2 off.. . I got drunk on something called "mead" and my mom seemed to enjoy her strawberry-whatever beer.. . In sum, go to Todd's for their selection of alcoholic beverages, but keep in mind that the food is mediocre and overpriced...much like the rest of Las Vegas.
The food we had was overpriced and of the same quality that I could get at the British pub back home. We had the Ropa Vieja for an appetizer (meat was tender, and the sauce flavor was good - highlight of the meal, above average but not great). My wife ordered the Roast Chicken Pot Pie for dinner, and she was very disappointed. She called it chicken soap with a biscuit on top. The flavor was very ordinary, and the consistency was overly soupy. I had Todd's Fish and Chips. No different than at home at the Britannia Arms in San Jose and $7 more expensive. (And the Brit is owned by Owen Nolan, the hockey player.) Overall, the meal was a disappointment and one of the less enjoyable I've had in Vegas.
Meh..... . Maybe I need to give it another shot, but I wont do that until someone else pays for it. lol Too expensive for some meh...
When did Todd English become the Tommy Hilfiger of food?
When it first opened in 2010, I visited at least twice, with different friends. And I distinctly remember that we all enjoyed it! The atmosphere, the food, the beer selection. I know there were a couple other times I had the intention of going, but decided on other restaurants in City Center or Aria. It was good, not amazing, and not enough to compete with new restaurants and bars popping up in the last three years with similar menus and/or themes.. . I know a lot of people say this and it's a tad cliche, but I really wanted to like this place again. My brother, Marcus L., fiance, Teresa S., and I were leaving Zarkana and decided to stay in City Center to eat/avoid traffic. Since I was the only one in the group to have been to PUB, it seemed to be the perfect spot. We were seated right away and pleasantly surprised that we were there for the start of Happy Hour (their second Happy Hour is 10pm to closing daily)! It features $1 Chicken Wings, $2 Oysters, $3 Sliders, and 1/2 off pint draft beers and glasses by the wine. We decided on 10 sliders and an order of Waffle Fries ($8) for the group. My fiance and I both ordered a pint of Fruli Strawberry beer ($6 during H/H) while I got a Caesar Salad ($12) and he got Bangers & Mash ($18). . . The service was...interesting. We weren't entirely pleased, but fortunately, it wasn't horrible. It was just odd. Our server just assumed we knew what Happy Hour entailed (to our defense, the little 1/4 paper doesn't explain details) so we were forced to ask multiple questions and follow-up questions. Which would have been fine, but after answering one question, the server would immediately say, "I can come back if you need more time," leaving us with, "Um, um, well, uh" and trying to quickly phrase our next question. It was so uncomfortable! But, other than our ordering experience, the service was good throughout the meal. The person who brought out the food was really nice and our server came to check on us three times.. . The food was extremely prompt, so that was great. The Sliders were only shrug-worthy. They were flavorless with a sad amount of caramelized onions (some seeming almost non-existent) and barely enough Thousand Island dressing. Also, only some of our order were cooked Medium Rare, like we requested. The Waffle Fries were delicious, but I can't give a restaurant much credit for something that came out of a bag/box then fried, especially at $8. My Caesar Salad was decent (didn't love the dressing), but made me extremely sad having paid $12 for the small bowl. Not worth it AT ALL. The Bangers & Mash were just okay as well. The sausages were okay, but the mash was weird. It had large chucks of potatoes on the bottom that resembled a kind of hash, then a small amount of mashed potatoes on top of it, then the gravy and sausages. The description doesn't describe the potato chucks, so perhaps it was an odd part of the gravy? So, mysterious substandard potatoes that took away from the dish, got it. No one was really impressed.. . Our bill was just under $100 (tax and tip included), ouch. When you consider the type of eateries in the valley that serve superior tastes at much lower prices, it's hard to consider this worthwhile.. . As for the Happy Hour deals, I'm not sure if the wings are truly cheaper than a regular order and the oysters are EXACTLY the same price you'd pay outside H/H (it doesn't even leave anything to the imagination because the menu literally says $2 each). And the sliders are basically the same price as the regular order, unless you don't want fries (the regular order, $16, comes with three sliders and skinny fries, $8 as a side order). Stick to the 1/2-priced draft pints and eat somewhere else.
Expensive burger(18 dollars) with little taste. Service was very poor-not even napkins or flatware offered at the bar. Beer tasteless. Disappointing. Busy place.
Great selection on beers!!! Too bad I can't say the same for the service or the food.
Lots of TVs, and good food. They have an expansive beer selection, and I was smart enough to do a beer flight. OOOOhhhh yeahhhh. It was great. The oysters here tasted fresh too. . . The place was crowded but my friend and I were able to be seated rather quickly. I had the New Amsterdam Burger. It was okay, but not memorable. it was practically a Reuben burger, which i've had before at another restaurant. The place can be a bit loud.. . Overall its a nice place next to the Aria. But I think for the price i've had better joints.
I came sorta unknowingly because me and bf were meeting up with his fam.  We were seated near the bar and there were tons of TVs everywhere and lots of enthusiastic sports fans.  . . The beer list is super extensive and the food seemed pretty expensive... but hey it's Vegas.  I wanted the Epic without Fermentation beer under their seasonals but I guess they were out so the server recommended the St. Bernardus.  It was really strong for me, but it's ok I ordered it.  I wasn't too hungry and ordered the junk chips based on yelpers suggestions and the other party ordered fried pickles.  From looking at the only pic on yelp of the junk chips, my chips didn't really look like that.  The chips on the yelp pic looks even spread, but when my junk chips came out the BBQ ragu was only like at the bottom chips and the bleu cheese was uneven and then like a lump of  scallions on the very top chip.  As far as the flavors, the housemade chips were like thicker lays BBQ chips and I felt they were pretty salty and sweet which didn't compliment the overpowering flavors of the BBQ ragu and the bleu cheese.  I don't know.  Just not my favorite.. . The fried pickles were good.  They were just thin/thick enough with a nice coating.  It came with 3 dipping sauces which were a housemade ketchup, sirracha ranch that was pretty spicy, and a bleu cheese dip.  . . Overall I wouldn't make it a point to come here for lunch/dinner but maybe a quick (expensive) snack because it was a nice place to relax.
I normally like Todd English Pub but on this occasion I was not a big fan..... . First the hostess seats my girlfriend and I in a section that apparently does not have a waitress. After about 10 minutes we flag down a waitress so we can get some service. It was not her section but she decided to help us anyway which was very nice of her. . As we look around we realize we are the only ones with no complimentary popcorn on our table, awesome. Our water comes and there is some kind of metal ring in one of them, awesome. I ordered the brisket which was good and had great sauces on the side. My girl had the Caesars salad, it was so so.. Other then a couple things that were kind of annoying, the brisket was good and our waitress was very nice and helpful.
I ordered the chicken parm slider. Mmmm, it was ohhkay. The crispy chicken wings were tasty! I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again. Our server was very nice though
To start, the surly crab apple of a hostess seemed annoyed to have to seat us and was generally unfriendly. Then she seated another table and was slightly nicer to them. At least she told them the specials, a courtesy we were not extended. . . The menu is big. And there really wasn't anything I wanted on it. In their defense, English pub fare really isn't my thing. But we were in the market for a good beer and am appetizer. I ordered the franzin-something or another hefeweizen on draft. It was ok. We ordered the junk chips which sucked big time. Messy and way too vinegary. As my father would say, it was a pile of slop. . . We had two different waiters and they were both really nice. So I give them 2 stars, 1 for our waiters and 1 for the complimentary bucket of popcorn.
The menu looks good, nice pub atmosphere &  convenient if you're staying in the Aria.... But...the food was missing something even though it was pricey for bar type food.. Chicken Parmesan sliders ($15 for 3)were bland & boring. The $2 oyster of the day was meh.. Quiche Lorraine ($14) was bland.. Hot dog ($16) was huge but unimpressive. It came with fries which I dipped in their black truffle mayo. This was the only tasty item.. The service was good but won't return for $60 (with tip) lunch that was blah.
