We had a suite with a king sized bed at Bally's for NYE. It was pretty dirty. The shower was absolutely gross and the bathtub in the middle of the room was totally visible to other hotels facing your room. The shower is also surrounded by mirrors so if more than 2 people stay in your room, they'll see you showering or coming out of the shower.. . The casino is pretty old and run-down. There aren't many amenities nor is there any good food. The best thing about the casino is that they comp'ed us so we got the room for free. I would personally choose the Venetian/Palazzo/Wynn over this hotel. . . If you need to stay within budget, imperial palace is just as dirty, but the location is much better. MGM/Mandalay are similar in price also, but farther away from all the action.
After seeing the ultra cheap rate online, I decided to give Bally's a try.  However, it was very a disappointing experience.  . . . Service:. Upon arrival, I experienced the most unprofessional front desk clerk in Las Vegas.  I booked 4 rooms for the entire group and logically, we all wanted to check-in together.  But, when we walked up to the front desk, the clerk refused to check-in all of the rooms and ask some people to go back in line.  Furthermore, she informed us that we had to pay extra if we wanted all 4 rooms to be on the same floor.  What the heck?  Never heard of that before. . . When the next clerk helped us check-in the second room, she just offered to put us on the same floor, with no EXTRA charge.  So I don't know what the first person was doing, probably going pocket the "extra charges.". . Cleanliness:. The room is standard, a bit old.  But the problem I have is how dirty it was.  First, there seemed to appear to be coffee crumbs on the bed.  Weird.  Second, the bathroom was not wiped down.  I could see a lot of dust on where they put the towels.  . . Overall:. This hotel is too old for the strip.  Everything seems to be falling apart.  Even the elevator light doesn't work.  . . Tips:. Only book this hotel if you want to same some money.  If not, there are many other options in Las Vegas.
Too smokey.  Too annoying.  Too Ballys.  . . Look, this place is centrally located on the strip but I would find another hotel.  The casino seems old and the food options were not wonderful.
I first stayed here 20 years ago and I thought the room was incredible...that was 20 years ago. . . When I checked in here the woman at the front desk encouraged me to pay 20 bucks to upgrade my room to the newly remodeled tower. I was not going to do it but she then said, "Everyone in your group did the upgrade and you want to be near them!" Nothing like a little peer pressure at the front desk. So I took the upgrade. . . I could not believe that my room had been recently remodeled...it still seemed old. I probably got suckered into the upgrade so the hotel could make more money. The room is very big...there was also a powder room and a large bathroom. I could have probably lived in the bathroom, if I wanted too. I really did not need the powder room but if my wife was with me she would have definitely enjoyed this. . . My iron was complete broken...it looked like someone cracked the metal and the water was leaking out of it. I called down to housekeeping and received a brand new iron...that made me feel special. . . Also someone Australian Guy left his money, air travel documents and passport in my safe. The hotel had to send up two security guards to remove the items...it felt like one of those movieswhere I get whacked because I knew too much...I called my co-worker when they arrived and told them if they lost contact with me to run for there life and call the police. . . There are so many hotels in Vegas...I would only stay here in the future if I had to stay with my group or if the rooms were free.
Something positive to say... LOCATION IS GREAT!!. . As for everything else... Where to start?  When we checked in, long process.  There was a huge line and there were only 3 front desk attendents.  It would have been nice if there was a bit more help.  . . The room, we were located in the North Tower.  From my understanding  these are the "updated" rooms.  The room looked okay... It was nothing special.  It looked like a room at the Best Western.  For someone who doesn't care about the room itself, I would recomend Bally's.  If you actually care about where you lay your head, then yes... Dont come here.
I guess you get what you pay for! Ugh, this place is DISGUSTING. Got a regular room for about $90 on hotels.com. I was thinking it couldn't be THAT bad, but boyyy...it was. The carpets are so dirty that I will not touch my bare feet on it. The sheets/duvet/covers are those old style flower ones, which makes me wonder how long they've been there for. Sound proofing is HORRIBLE--I can hear people walking in the hallway outside and I can hear weird ticking noises while I was trying to fall asleep.. . Okay, I'll stop complaining now. At least their bathrooms are decently sized!
Just checked in to room and very disappointed. The furnishings were all cheap, ugly and old. The television was a 27" tube not flat screen and they wanted to charge $14/day for internet access.. . The entire place seemed just a little shabby. As if they couldn't be bothered to put in the extra effort. Probably stay here again, with so many other places that are a better value or more interesting.
Ugh, a casino.. Lots of smoking people looking sad being brought drinks by sad looking women in hot pants and tights.. . When I say sad I do not mean unattractive, I mean, they look so unhappy to be working there, ugh...
As any other older hotel on the strip, at least this place is NOT circus circus.  At times even the rates are cheaper here than Motel 8...scary I know right?. . The location is right in the center of the strip and right across from Caesar's...so definitely with the walkways and avoiding taxis and the inevitable traffic is great!  . . I would have given the hotel at least 3 stars but for a busy holiday weekend and to have a long check-in line and then to get to the room to find out that there were holes in clean pillow sheets and one of the beds smelling like smoke, I waited a total of 2 hours just to get housekeeping to come back upstairs to redo the bedding.  Don't forget to check the pillows for double pillowcases (trust me, you will thank me later).  From now on, that will be something else I'll have to do when I stay at any hotels in vegas (or elsewhere for that matter).. . The casino sadly smelled like smoke everywhereso no matter how hard we tried to avoid the smokiness....as soon as you left the "smoke free" room....might as well consider yourself a chain smoker.  Luckily I wasn't in the hotel long enough for my lungs to fill up with 2nd hand smoke!
Yeah man, I am still not a fan of this place. I did not stay here but I do tend to stay at the NJ location as an overnight stay.. This to me is one of the few places I can't even win like $5 back or anything here.  Just bad news all around, I gave it a shot two years ago and no luck then either.. Now, I guess I face the day I will not be playing here anymore.  I am not saying this place is amateurish but I just did not see a giant ton of fun being had by any other people here.  I guess I just will be having fun at all the other spots.  No more MF'n excuses but yeah I am perfectly content to only come here again to possibly use the monorail station.  YEAH basically fuck this place.. . *Fail number two was there were almost no waitress giving cocktails at 11:45 in the evening while playing the other night.  It was not even that busy and since I was playing for a bit, could've used another drink. My last rum and coke was almost empty.. . *Location is nice, right on the strip and kind of in the middle of everything, right before you get to Cosmopolitan or Planet Hollywood area.
This is one of the worst properties on the Strip, in my opinion. Now, it can be good in the sense of location and price - so if you are just looking for a cheap room, this place will work. However, there is nothing particularly notable about the rooms (though, they are perfectly fine), the spa is awful, and the regular buffet is the worst I've been to.
I'm being nice with the 2 stars. This place is seriously a bucket of crap. Those who think this place is actually good need to have their brains examined. There are SO MANY other hotels on the strip, I don't understand why anyone would want to stay here. The only reason I stayed at Bally's was because my mother had a convention located in the hotel. We only stayed two nights until the convention was over and transferred to the New York New York (which is much better and happened to be cheaper) for the rest of our stay in Vegas.. . To top it off, the staff was extremely rude. We were supposed to be placed in the newly renovated North tower, but all of the rooms were taken by the time we arrived. My mother was specifically told she'd be placed in the North tower because the convention was being held in that area. The lady at the front desk basically gave us a "too bad, so sad" look and rolled her eyes. We were placed in the South tower, which is awful. If for some misfortune you end up staying at Bally's, for the love of God, do not stay in the South Tower.
In life you get what you pay for and Bally's is a true example of this.... . We did get the room for $39 a night, excluding tax, but no resort fees. The first night we checked in because we didn't make it by 4 PM, they gave us a room with two queens instead of a king as we requested. Instead of honoring it, they kept trying to upcharge us to move to the north tower for $30 a night, but why would we pay an extra $30 when we only paid $39 in the first place?!. . The front desk was extremely slow for check in and check out. They weren't very friendly and not accommodating at all. I guess part of the cheap rates is the service too. The rooms are outdated and it shows. The first one we checked into smelled like smoke on a non-smoking floor. Fortunately, the second night we did get a king room (no apologies from the front desk) which did smell better. . . It's the little things like the ventilation system and amenities that suck. Sure, the location may be good, but realize that even if something looks close in proximity, it's still far to walk! . . I realize I might b a bit of a hotel snob, but Bally's didn't cut it for me. I would never stay here again and you shouldn't either!
: (
You get what you pay for..... crappy comforter and springy bed.. stained curtains, cheap shower and towels. . For the price, you can't really complain... . . One major advantage is the location on the stip.... and right beside the mile mall where you can find loads of cheap eats..........
Did you LOVE the midwest in 1992? Like really really love the midwest in 1992? . . Good news! They brought northern Wisconsin in 1992 to the Las Vegas strip! The rooms were mighty mighty cheap, the beds were not quite comfortable and the non-smoking room definitely had the stench of years of chain smoking.  Our TV was probably 28" and over 150 pounds. . . Ultimately, you get what you pay for at Bally's, and it did the job of providing us a home base for a couple of weeknights while we were in Vegas. The location is perfect to quickly shop and explore other areas of the strip.. . Would I stay here again?? Yes, but I do love the midwest and not paying a lot on my hotel when I'm in Vegas. (as my money is definitely going elsewhere.)
Great location, OLD sucky rooms.. . Paper thin walls, sleepless nights as party people and tacky couples who yell at 4am broke my slumber.  . . PASS.... vacation is suppose to be fun for all, NO fun if one cannot sleep.
Bally's is one of the cheaper hotelson the strip and you get what you pay for. The location of this hotel is awesome but the rooms need some serious updating. I felt kind of dirty staying here. Look at all your options before booking a room here.
Not a fan!. The little moving sidewalk that goes from the strip to Bally's is great....not when there is a creepy man riding it back and forth and staring you down as you head toward the casino!. The entrance is not friendly either. It looks like you are stepping into the dirty past.. . Wasn't a fan. The tables are dirty, but they have high limits. The dealers weren't friendly and the people playing were just as odd.
I was in Vegas for a conference held at Bally's.  At first glance, my room seemed really nice.  I had a king bed and an adorable blue velvet settee and matching ottoman.  We've all heard the rumor that casino's pump in oxygen to keep people awake and at the tables, but Bally's further incentifies you to stay awake by having really uncomfortable beds.  There is no fitted bottom sheet, so after stumbling into bed after a late night, you may find that you've peeled back one too many layers and are face to face with bare mattress.  Yuck.  Waking up in a tangled mess of top and bottom sheets is not a good way to start the day.  The mattress was cheap and uncomfortable, and I noticed small tears and stains on the sheets..   . I had a nice window and balcony, but the sliding glass door was bolted shut.  Probably a good idea, but it sure would have been nice to have some fresh air.  The curtains were also stained with what looked like but I hope wasn't smeared blood.  I did have a small refrigerator in the room with a large dent in the middle.  It woke me up several times throughout the night with strange loud noises.  . . The upside was the staff I encountered were all very nice and helpful. Also, it is well located on the strip. I've stayed at some pretty raunch hotels in the past, and this definitely wasn't worst, but I was certainly looking forward to my last night.
The upgraded room was 'upgraded' but still behind in the times.  Tv is still a tube.  There was some peeling of wallpaper in our room.  I'm not sure how it was before it was remodeled... I don't really want to know.  One pillow had a stain and they were all really flat and non-supportive.  For a non-smoking floor, it still smelled like smoke.    This casino smells like smoke so it was probably stuck on people going back to their rooms.  . . Only gave them another star because of their rates and deal.  I did this with the travelzoo deal and both of them failed to mention that taxes were not included, which we were surprised with at check-in.  Oh yeah, their check-in line is long.  This is a popular place to go but I would think they would just hire more people to get people in and out?  Their people mover was broken and taped off once at their front area one night so we had to walk around to get in.. . It is central in the strip and cheap.  That's it.  I'd get a deal somewhere else.
Having not stay here just passing through and checking the place out; going to the strip and heading to Sugar Factory.  I had to encounter a couple employees of this place and they employ the rudest and nasty attitude people ever.  So as an avid Vegas visitor I will not be staying here if this is any indicator on how they treat people.
Nail salon seriously is a zero star. Basing my rating on them. A "salon" manicure include them rubbing lotion on your hands and lower arms... For $50.. So not worth it.  Other than that easy access to Paris.
What can I say about comped rooms?  They're awesome!  But let's talk for a second about our comped room here at bally's...well, not so great.  . . We were given a hotel room in the South Tower, the non-remodeled side of the hotel...which is no biggie...but it is an issue when you are placed right next to the elevator...and I mean RIGHT next to the elevator.  I barely got any sleep the first night...all I could hear was the rumbling of the elevator shafts.  And as well all know...Vegas never sleeps...because the hotel doesn't let you!   Haha.  . . I called downstairs asking for a different hotel room...they couldn't offer anything else but they did offer to set us up in a different room on the same floor the next day.  I asked if we could be moved to the north tower...NOPE!  $20/day and sure we could...so we did.  Argh.. . There is a pretty huge difference between the rooms.  If you do stay here, make sure you book the NORTH TOWER.  They have flat screen TVs, 2 desks, comfy beds, a less awkward bathroom with granite counters, a better sink, and lots of mirrors.  . . One thing in common between the 2 different rooms?  The noise.  I could hear everyone's conversations from other rooms around me...I could hear my neighbors flushing their toilets.  At least, no elevator noise.  Thank goodness.  . . The staff are friendly for the most part...I had a great conversation with one of the guys at the bell desk.  Theslots didn't give up a penny...but it's Vegas!  You're here to make a deposit at the slot machines anyhoo.  Haha.  . . Oh, and I think it's ridiculous to charge your guests $22 to use the gym.  . . 2 stars.
Two stars may be pushing it. This is my first review but I feel all you yelpers need to know...... . Holy crap!! . . First day: Paid extra for an EARLY (arrived at 11am) check in and was roomed at 3:45pm. Later, I was sucked into talking to one of those timeshare people while my husband went to the room to meet the bellman. I stand there for 10 minutes to find out we don't qualify (figures). Then I rush to my room. I stuck my key card into what I thought was MY room. Turns out it was an nice OLDER gentlemans room. I ran out of there and was running down the hall with housekeeping laughing at me. I went to the belldesk and asked for help. They sent me to the house phone to call my husband in the room. However, since the casino floor is so LOUD and also because I'm hearing impaired I could NOT hear the lady on the other end and she HUNG UP ON ME!!! I sat for a bit at a $5 machine and asked three employees for help with no luck, then went back to the belldesk. FINALLY someone to help!!! I told him the dilemma and he looking it up and wrote my room number down. Got to my room, and told my husband NEVER to leave me again at this hotel!!!!. . Day 2: We went to talk to a manager, Jose upgraded us to a suite! We walked into this suite and let me tell you it was meant for people who are being "upgraded". The best suite in their offerings gave us the following; poopy smelling water, tile that kept falling out, a broken FIRE ALARM, plus broken handle bars in the hot tub. WOW!! SERIOUSLY?????. . Day 3: We went to the pool (Nice!), and tried to order food. But since we moved to a new room they did not transfer our credit card info...... and we didn't know to bring any cash!! Denied!! And humiliated!!! WTH??? . . Day 4: A month prior we had reserved a limo through Bally's. Ricky picked us up from the Luxor and took us on an hour ride though Las Vegas! He dropped us off at Bally's and we paid him plus a 50% tip!!! He took it ALL and stuck the bill on our room!!! GRRRRR! . . Day 5: We are getting ready to leave and smooching, and housekeeping disregarded the sign AND WALKED IN ON US!!!! Ummmmm really??? . . The rooms are decent, Jubilee is AWESOME, but if you want any type of good service..... GO ELSEWHERE!!!!!
Let me start by saying that I am the type that likes to stay at cheap places when I travel so I can spend the money doing other things, and that's why I stayed at Bally's. I am not a hotel snob by any means. However, when I am paying to stay a hotel on the strip, I do expect better than a Howard Johnson, and I can say with all honesty that I have stayed at Ho Jo's that were far superior to this place. Little things like shampoo and conditioner and a bed that doesn't cave in the middle (and isn't a Murphy bed) would have been nice. Oh, and towels without stains on them would be nice also. I was also disappointed by the staff. The woman at the front desk was fairly miserable and didn't say more than 5 words to us upon check-in and then after checking out we realized the room was put under the wrong name, which was weird. When we realized our bed caved in the middle, we requested a new room (which I have never done before at any hotel, ever) and they told us they could switch us but the bed would be exactly the same. Ummm, ok, never mind then? They also told us we could switch to a suite which would cost $100 more a night, but if I was going to pay that much more, I would have just stayed at a nicer hotel. Another con is that it is a far walk to the pool. Usually when you get off the elevator on the pool floor of a hotel you are right there, but here you have to walk through the trenches of the basement. Be forewarned ladies (and some gents), and make sure to cover up because there is a long way to go while you while get lots of creepy stares by lots of creepy men.. . But there are some pros I need to mention. The location is perfect, right in the middle of the strip and at one of the monorail stops. It has a walk through to Paris, which is where we ended up spending most of our time. Also, although the pool is a pain to get to, I liked the environment of the pool, at least on the weekdays while I was there. It was an older crowd and I know a lot of people wouldn't like that, but I liked that it was laid back and fairly quiet because I wanted to relax and not deal with a bunch of rowdy drunks making out all over the place. I understand this could be a pro or con depending on your personality.. . Bottom line - I would not stay here again and probably would shell out a little extra next time I'm in Vegas.
First night out on our great adventure; driving from San Diego to Hamilton, Ontario, Canada we stopped at Bally's. The hotel is a little dated and in need to updating. Check in was without effort; however, front desk staff lag behind the service we have received at other hotels in the area (Mirage and Ellara). Frankly, the staff were disinterested and not very helpful. The common areas are clean and hallways on the guest floors are quite wide to accommodate larger groups. The rooms are spacious and comfortably appointed although the carpets are worn, wall paper is beginning to peel and paint is chipped in washrooms. Nightstands are showing the ill effects of heavy wear. Regardless, the rooms are comfortable and let's face it, this is Las Vegas; how much time are you really going to spend in the room? The real attractions are the shows, food, nightlife, and casinos. So all considered this is a good spot for a quick stop over.
I'm actually surprised this hotel is still here.  I haven't been here since I was a little kid, but we decided to venture in on our last trip.  After all the hoopla of entering the hotel, you'll find a really small casino.  It was just funny after taking all the escalators and moving platforms that we entered this tiny casino.  I'll probably skip this hotel on my next walk down the strip.
This place is just OLD OLD OLD! . . It just reeks of that 1970's and 1980's vintage smell and most of the property has not been renovated since the 80's. This hotel use to be the original MGM until they changed the name Ballys and built the MGM GRAND a few blocks down the strip next to Excalibur, New York New York and Tropicana. The casino is small and has not changed in years other then updating the slot machines and flooring but still has that vintage Vegas feel like you're walking into a time machine into retro Las Vegas.. . Harrah's Resorts planned to tear down Ballys and use the land to expand Paris and build another tower but that was cancelled due to the decline in the credit market and tourism, so Ballys is here to stay till the economy picks up and Vegas gets back to its building boom. I stayed here because the room was comped and centrally located in the middle of the strip across from the Bellagio and the Forum Shops and Caesars Palace. Also just right outside the entrance to Ballys are the street performers and beer stands along the strip selling beer for $8 - $11 USD but don't forget to tip. =). . We stayed in the South Tower of Ballys which is the oldest tower and hasn't been remodeled since the 1980's and it still shows the old popcorn ceilings, outdated furniture and bathrooms. What make it even worse is the tables were full of dust but the bed was made and the bathroom was clean and stocked and the floor was vacuumed so that's plus. Since the rates are so cheap, you'll run into many college students on a tight budget looking to have a hangover experience. I'm just glad to not have received any bed bugs on my body since I read reviews on Yelp and Trip Advisor about hotel guests getting bites on their legs, arms, and back and so now I always check around the bed, below the mattress and through the sheets for bedbugs.. . . The food options excellent for the budget traveler, below the Ballys casino is the basement where you have to take and escalator down next to the cantina to get to the lower level and you'll find more shops, a 24/7 convenience store, Sbarro's pizza, Ichiban sushi (excellent lunch specials as low as $10 USD, the sports book, spa & salon, the pool and lastly the monorail to get to MGM. The pool is very old school Vegas because it is 9 feet dip and has a diving board and most of the newer hotels in Vegas are just 3 - 3 1/2 feet deep. . . I would stay here again if I'm on budget but I'd rather pay the extra $15 for a nice hotel and updated room plus they don't have wifi which is a pain if you have an iPad or laptop and you'd have to pay extra for that. . . Minus 2 stars for the outdated rooms and another star for no Wifi.. 2 Stars for the central location.
We just spent four nights here @$84 a night .  We paid to be in the "updated" north tower...non smokers....only thing updated was the bathroom (which was very nice).  The carpet was filthy, stains throughout.  Having read previous reviews about bedbugs, we did check and found none.  The room itself was cleaned and vacuumed daily.  The location was ok however several homeless people seem to reside on the grounds, in fact going into the fountains at the front scooping up the coins.  The moving sidewalk never moved, nor did,the upstairs one. " temporarily broken" the sign said.  The buffet??  Hah!  We went there once for breakfast....without a doubt the worst offering ever.  Surly server.   The elevators are dirty as well as the urine smelled parkade.   This place is old, old, old and looks it, smells like it.  No wifi...unless big $$.Count us as "never to return" patrons.
A NIGHTMARE WITH KIDS!. . I went back and forth between a 1 star and the 2 star. We parked here last night as we were hitting the strip with the kids. The issue is not the hotel itself, rather the security staff. We had two people from our party go to the bathroom, and since we had kids, we didn't want to stand on the floor. So, what did we do? We took the kids off the carpet, into a side area, off the carpet, behind a big fountain, next to a lady selling kids toys. Safe right? We are a solid 30 feet from the closest table and a good 15 feet off the carpeted gambling floor! WRONG! This guy comes over, tells us to move back another 20 feet up and over these stairs. My wife explains that we have 2 people in the bathroom and he says, "they will have to find you, you need to move now." I asked him if he would be requiring the other 3 families with kids to do the same, which I did not get a response. Instead, we were escorted out of the area by this individual. I was sure to let him know that their policies were not appreciated, and to be honest, they lost my business over this. . . We are planning a big bash next year, and were looking to stay here, but I am not giving my business to a place that encourages employees to go about and mean-mug people. I know that my one not staying here will change nothing, but nonetheless, if you have kids and are looking for a hotel, this is probably not the place, with rude staffand unequal policies.
I'm a hotel snob. Fine, I admit it! But my friend Jalena had a budget that I had to stick with, so I obliged. I would never recommend anyone staying in the Ballys, unless in the future they did deep cleaning, update the sheets, curtains, mattress, pillows...basically they need to renovate or move the hotel to the South end of the strip in the vacant spot next to Circus Circus! . . Upon the first night we arrived, out heat was broke! It was December....how is the heat in the hotel room broke? So just like out of some funny comedy starring Jack Black, the maintenance man arrives in a gray suit, greasy and chubby. I almost couldn't contain my laughter. . . Other crazy unmentionables....I'm a fanatic about clean sheets and to my amazement, there were no duvets, not top blankets...nada. The sheets served as your top cover. Umm...but its winter, its 50 degrees outside, and no blanket! I also got a chance to peek at the mattress. It was yellow, dingy, and raggedy...it literally belonged in the dumpster. . . Talk about getting what you pay for....in my opinion, I still paid too much for that!
Lower middle class, though i would stay here again for the value. Overall, this is a barebones hotel that is identical to the Chinatown Bus (between New York and Boston). Crowded line to check in, people are sprawled everywhere, and there's smoke everywhere. Cranky check-in lady was efficient but cranky. Yes, you don't pay a resort fee but it costs $22 just to use the fitness center, plus additional fee for the internet. . . Service was firm, but polite. They got aggressive about the check-out time, knocking on my bathroom door to inform me that I needed to leave right at 11AM. Oh, and the hotel's clientele are definitely...um....rude (little kids running around the place, loud noises coming from rooms, random door slammings). The huge, bright blue neon lights (that shine on the building and make the building cool looking on the outside) are really annoying and shined right into my room.. . I would stay here again ($40/night) but will probably spring for Caesar's Palace or someplace nicer for $10 more. If you're in MGM, Luxor is probably the slightly better equivalent of Bally's (same room rate, but access to a gym and the rooms don't smell like converted non-smoking).
The price wasn't bad and the location on the strip was great.  My girlfriend and I stayed in the North Tower, which was nice and it's a decent sized room.  I didn't care for their customer service.  I went to the trouble of calling to make my reservation and asking about the amenities.  I was told that they had a gym and they left out the part where it was an extra $22 a day.:P  When I inquired at the front desk about it, the manager was not helpful and impatient.. I would definitely choose a different hotel next time.
When we checked in to Bally's for the night, the receptionist upgraded us to a suite, and we thought that was great! We went up to our room, and got a bit of a shock. It had a fancy layout, with a bathtub in the room, and huge mirrored closets, but the carpet was old and stained, and the coverings on the bed looked faded. It also had dual sinks, and a small shower. No big deal, we thought, as long as the bathroom and sheets are clean, we were fine. So, we went out ate dinner somewhere, walked the strip a bit, and then came back, and went to bed early, since we were planning to drive to California the next day. That was when we realized that the room was against the elevator shaft, and that the elevators made a LOT of noise. . . The next morning, my husband, decided to shower before going out for breakfast. There was no light in the shower cubicle, so he turned on the lights outside and stepped in, and almost slipped. That was when we realized that the shower floor was literally mossy - so much mold had grown in the shower that it was difficult to stand. He stepped back out and washed his feet in the tub, and, we both, decided to shower when we got to California that evening. We were pretty happy to pack up and leave that 'suite'. Bally's really needs to step up the cleaning, and do a little updating! We will not be staying there again.
Okay, so the room they stuck us with had an great view of Paris and the strip, even though it was not facing the Bellagio. From the room I could hear the water show at the Bellagio and every half hour it was Celine Dion and water canons erupting. For the price, we were right in the thick of the strip though. . . The rooms were very run down, we even had a few holes in the wall (I think where the mini fridge had been yanked from the room). The room was a nice size and very comfortable, but hadn't been updated since the late 80's. . . As for the casino, we didn't spend much time there. I felt that it was smokier than the other casinos we visited, and with Paris within such close walking distance, that's where we chose to donate our money. I think next time we'll spend a few more bucks and get a room somewhere else.
I booked a north tower room and it was still too dated in my opinion. . Peeling wallpaper, dirty carpets, stains on the shower curtain and bedsheets. I stayed in this hotel 6 years ago and it was great. Unfortunately I cannot recommend this one again.. . I had a conference here and had to pay 25/day to use internet in the conference room and my room. So my company
In my quest to become Elite, I am drafting my first review on Yelp.  I will be helped by the trusty toy soldier my son gave me named Captain Clarence Checkin (aka Captain Chaos).  So here we go:. . Pros:. Checking in was pretty straight forward. From the time I arrived to the time I was in my room took about 10 minutes. Granted,  I arrived 9pm on a Monday, but I was still happy with the fast check in. . . When I opened the door, I was impressed by the size of the room. By far, it was the biggest hotel room I've been in without upgrading. . Although I was in the north tower,  I still had a decent view of the strip. Captain Chaos took a couple of pictures by the window with a sweet view of the Bellagio fountains. The bed was nice and the bathroom was adequate. . . Cons:. One thing I wasn't expecting was all the extra charges to stay here! When I checked in, I asked where the gym was located because I wanted to get some working out in ti maintain my masculine physique!  The front desk rep said "the gym is past the north towers and to use them requires an upgrade. "  Upgrade?!?! $22/day. Wack!  But I was OK with the fee because I heard the gym was pretty sweet. So I asked the front desk to upgrade me because I wanted to work out after I finished checking in. "Sir, the gym hours are from 6am to 6pm."  Ha. What? Excuse me? ....... That's wack!  I understand that a lot of people go to Vegas to have fun and party, but Vegas is also known for conventions.  If someone attending a convention wants to work out, it is not going to happen if you stay at Bally's. But hey, the restaurants are open all night.   . . The next issue was the room wifi. They actually charge $13 a day to use in room wifi. Wack!  I've been to smaller non-resort type hotels that not only offer free wifi, but give you breakfast as well!  But hey, I needed the wifi to access some files on my work's network. Btu the in room wifi has horrible connectivity!   I was constantly dealing with dropped signals and slow connection speed. Argh.. . Finally,  the room itself had some issues. There wasn't enough outlets by the bed so I had to charge my phones and plug in my laptop across the room. Makes it hard to do work in bed without the lap top's battery dying. Next, the wallpaper was peeling off in several locations in the room. Seemed kind of strange considering Bally's is a resort hotel.  . . All things considered,  Bally's room was average,  but the people who helped me were nice. The room rate was relatively low and you are right on the strip, so I think I would stay here again.  . . Word
I originally booked my stay in Vegas here at Ballys.  After check in I went to the room and I couldn't believe the bad odor of cigarette smoke.  I called the frond desk and they seemed put out that I wanted a different room.  After waiting two hours I told them that I was canceling my stay and decided to go to a different hotel Casino.
I just returned from a stay for four nights celebrating my birthday. It had been years sinceI stayed at Bally's and they are certainly showing their age. First thing I noticed upon arrival is the stench of cigarette smoke from the casino. Yes, I know smoking is allowed but upon entering Caesars and Wynn, it smells like flowers and sunshine. Alas, I know I'm not paying Wynn money to stay here so moving on.. . The line to check in was in fact extra long. The front desk staff are in no hurry to get to you. We were given a room in the South Tower with stunning views of Paris and half of the Bellagio fountain. Gorgeous at night. The rooms are larger than average but dated. Terrible scuffs on the furniture, dingy carpet, just extremely dated. Not that we're there for the room ambiance but do better.. . I would have overlooked it all had I not had a bed spread (won't call the thin blanket a comforter) with a spot of blood on it. A call to housekeeping had the situation remedied quickly. When our toilet flooded all over the floor, maintenance came right away to fix that as well. Again, we just pushed on. . . In the South Tower, you will also hear every single noise below, to the side and above. At times it was like we had a ghost in our room with all the random noises. One morning we were rudely woken up by repetitive banging like someone was bouncing a basketball. Walls are extremely thin. Bring earplugs!. . All that being said, all of the staff I encountered here was very friendly and helpful. We gambled a bit here on the slots and my mother won a modest amount.. . We ate in three restaurants (Tequila Bar, Sidewalk Cafe, and Sterling Brunch at Steakhouse). I will review Steakhouse separately because it deserves it. But Tequila and Sidewalk were good options for a quick bite. I had breakfast foods at both places and the food was good and plentiful. Drinks at Tequila Bar was pretty good.. . Essentially, Bally's is a decent option for those that are on a budget or would rather spend their money eating or feeding the machines. We personally had the room from hell but I'm sure that wasn't everyone's experience. If I returned, not sure I would stay here. Would likely pony up the money to stay elsewhere.. . Update: I posted my review on Twitter and was contacted by customer service and ultimately offered a room upgrade next time I went. Thanks, but no thanks since I have no intention of staying there again!
If you are looking for cheap and accessible. This is it. Don't expect a whole lot. It's a hotel for cheapsters, so you will get what you expect. It isn't terrible, but it isn't wonderful either. The pool was descent and we went 2 times. The location is great- right on the strip, monorail station inside.
Do NOT stay in the south tower!  Rooms 6008-6016 were admitted to us by the FACILITY ENGINEER to be "problem rooms" We were knowingly room that sounds like it has a thunderstorm going on 24/7.  Plus a foghorn type sound was going off in our room throughout the night and the AC was was dripping water throughout the night. Nobody got any sleep.  The only reason we gave it a two instead of a one star review is because we wound up getting both rooms we booked comped.  Mind you, this happened after nearly an hour of arguing with the manager on duty, Melissa, who was extremely rude to us.  She only comped us after we asked her to write her name and extension number underneath HER managers name and extension number so we could further complain the following day (when her manager would be on duty).
We stayed here July 9, 2013 for one night. The reservation was made through a popular Internet travel site. The clerk couldn't find the reservation even when using the confirmation. He finally found it and sent us up to our room, which initially looked nice. We found a DIRTY q-tip in the bathroom trash, hair in the tub, and tons of hand prints all over the windows. While those aren't totally disgusting, it made us concerned about how well the rest of the room and bathroom had been cleaned or sanitized. We couldn't connect to the Internet that we pay for with the resort fee regardless of the combination of possible log-in names.  We called for assistance about places to eat in the hotel and "coupon" we were presented at checkin. The "coupon" was only an advertisement according to the guy who was off-site and had no clue about anything we were asking about restaurants, even though we called the 'restaurant' line on the room phone.  . . The next morning, I tried turning on the TV but the remote didn't work, after playing with batteries for a bit, it worked. I tried to check out & low and behold, two other people's names appeared as the registered guests in my room and I was able to view their folios. We didn't know either of the people who were listed on the room. We couldn't check out on the tv and get a copy of the bill and didn't have time to wait in the checkout lines to get a copy. To top it off, while trying to nap before checking out, housekeeping ignored the 'do not disturb sign' and tried to enter without knocking.  Luckily the door was secured- but it startled us enough to get us up to leave.. . Seeing how poorly this place is run and monitored, I would not return and advise people who care about cleanliness, responsibility, and hospitality to avoid Bally's.  Severely disappointed and disgusted when we think of the whole experience.
The best part of this place is the location. Actually it's the only thing it has going for it. I stayed in both towers. The south tower is dilapidated and stuck in the 60's. The north tower was renovated in the 90's and is starting to show it.  My 800 sq ft suite in the south tower was too spacious for the AC that had a locked thermostat. I wanted to lay the matress in front of the AC vent so I could sleep at night. The fridge that I requested couldn't keep a soda cold enough. I actually filled a clean trash bag with ice and used that instead. The carpet in the room and the hallway was coming loose. The shower smelled like decomposing iron. I thought it was the water itself but the sink and bathtub did not have the same smell. Once I threw a wet towel over the drain of the shower, the smell subsided. The room for the bidet (eew who would use one in a Vegas hotel anyway) had wallpaper purposely peeled back and there were holes in the wall. It looked like maintenance started to work on it but did not finish. There was a leak from the ceiling on the casino floor near the elevators of the south tower. How often does it rain in Vegas?  The moving walkways leading into Bally's never worked the entire week we stayed there.
Old and run down.  The room's carpet was very dirty and gross.  Bad enough that you don't even want to walk on it in your socks.  I was on a non-smoking floor, but the people in the room next to me would smoke in their room anyway and the hotel didn't do much about it.  The filter in the AC unit had not been changed in a very long time.. . Lastly, the taxi stand guy was a real jerk.. . Don't bother staying here.
During my stay on a Monday night:. . Cons:. - Poor communication. I got an attempted charge of $15 early check-in fee without an explanation. I got one bed after I specified two. No clear explanation of the mandatory resort fee of $18 which is also taxed to a total of $20.16. Was told I would be charged at check-in, when actually the charge was at check out so I spent a lot of time trying to clear all of this up.. - This new mandatory resort fee of $20.16 includes everything that you were offered before with the exception of free wifi for one device. You can't refuse this fee.. - Broken elevator. - Many many broken slot machines, including the huge one exiting the casino to Paris. - Escalators were off the entire stay. - The entrance outside was dirty with a lot of old cigarette butts on the floor. - Generally unhappy looking staff the majority of my stay. . Pros:. - Clean room. . . I would have rated this hotel 5 stars for my multiple stays three years ago. It doesn't seem reasonable to slide in extra charges when the quality and service is declining.
Staff was nice enough, and the gift shop was fine, but the walk from the registration desk thru the casino to the elevators was too far; ditto on the walk to the pool.  Walking thru the food court and casino that have the AC blasting was not fun right after getting out of the pool. We were shivering by the time we got to our room. As for the room, the carpets were stained and filthy, and the toilet seat had an awful yellow stain that I just couldn't get over. After several unsuccessful requests, ended up making our own toilet seat covers the entire 4 days we were there. Cheap room rates are no excuse for poor housekeeping & maintenance.  Also the walls are paper thin, so we were awakened each morning by the neighbor's "honeymooning activities" if you get my drift. The TV on high volume helped just enough.  Will not be back.
stayed here twice before and now, this place appears to be deteriorating.  Carpet is dirty and customer service is poor.  This hotel is now "nickeling and diming" their guest by charging resort fees and early check in fees.  I've never heard of an early check in fee before.  If the hotel has a room ready, why can't they just accommodate the guest.  that really put a bad taste in my mouth.  I guess it's time to start looking for a new place to stay when I come here to visit.
I really liked this hotel when we were there the first night. Beds were comfy, blankets were soft and clean. The bad part was  during our last day, the toilet was clogged and water was spilling out. Yuck. I couldn't stop the water til I had to open the tank. Good thing it was our last day and we were about to check out.
My friend is a diamond status and let me tell you it's not what it's cracked up to be... He got me a two rooms that are connected one with a spa tub and a baday ... Yea sounds cool but the baday did not shoot water up and the spa tub took 45mins to drain BULL SHHHHHHHT... The maid services does not listen when you say come later. I think the pool was the coolest thing the  thing  te casino offered.. I told him u will NEVER stay at this casino again... Hard rock is so much nicer!!!!!!!!
Another crappy casino along with Paris. Doesn't pay enough to give you time to have a beer. Slots don't pay crap, even when you play minimum. Don't waste your time or money there.
This place is going down hill, I love Ballys but this takes the cake this trip... . 1. I still will complain about the people movers being down again.  We stay there because of our feet.  I have broken my feet a few times and after walking around the convention for 3 days straight the movers are just the right thing for the end of a long day. . 2. We were upgraded to a suite, we always get this suite and I won't post why but we do.  Anyways we found dirty diapers in the suite by the windows.  $30 dining credit was issues hmmmmmmmm if I was a hotel Manager id be giving a few free nights for that. . 3. Roulette dealer was a gem A +++ there . 4. Valet driver Regina is the best ever!!!!   You have to love that after a year she still remembers my name, my wife and my son's name. 5. FIX ur people movers, yes I said it again, I know its not broken, everyone on the strip turns them off before the entrance, in the hopes their legs die and you sit at a machine.
Where do I start with this one.. . When I checked in it wasn't to bad.  The receptionist was polite and professional.  Checked In fine and then got to our room.  The building we were in just got renovated so it had a nice modern feel to it.  North Tower is not renovated yet and looks like a Motel 6.  . . What the receptionist didn't tell us was that we were placed right by the elevator shaft.  It sounded like a sandstorm inside the room.  We called down to ask if we could be changed and no luck there.  They couldn't change us until the next day at 1.  I felt like I wasted a whole night.  . . The room was a little dirty.  We found misc things from the past patrons that occupied the room.  We had to pay a Resort fee to use the Wifi and pool (which was closed for renovation as well).  The catch with the Wifi was that you could only use one device.  Never of that before. . . All in all it wasn't bad I guess.  I wouldn't go back though.  Hope this helps someone.
We hate the pool and room.  The only thing we like is the singing bar at the first floor and because it was connected to Paris
Our room needs serious renovation.  The wallpaper were peeling off, the TV screen was not clear, looks like an analog.  We did not get the deluxe room that we reserved.  The location however is ideal.
