Extremely disappointing.  We waited two hours to receive a farmers market salad that had little more than a couple pieces of  blue cheese and onion we could have made at home, as well as a pizza that tasted like rubber.  We ordered the margarita pizza and tried to be polite and eat with fork and cut with knife, but it was like cutting rubber.  The crust was not finished and the pizza was less than par.  The table next to us was filled with screaming patrons who sat there a good 45 minutes after they signed their check.  It was completely not worth the wait.  Waste of time and a complete let down.  Don't waste the time, it is not worth it.
Not worth the hype nor the wait.  Out of the four pizzas we tried we only liked one and it wasn't even that great. Not to mention the wait takes forever.  I kept hearing this place was highly rated and maybe I expected too much, but it definitely did not meet my expectations.
Dear Mr. Bianco, . I am writing this to bring your attention to the rudeness of your hostess that was working 2/19/11. If you have more than 1 hostess let me narrow it down for you, short dark hair and glasses. I myself am a business owner and no matter how great your product is, amazing customer service is also an integral part of the the overall experience. I have dined at your establishment twice and both time the food was delicious even if the wait was long. . Back to the night at hand. My boyfriend and I stopped by after dining elsewhere in hopes of grabbing a pie to enjoy the next day. We were holding the door open for those that were exiting, those that were being ushered in to their seats and those that were putting their name on the waiting list. When there was a lull said hostess says "Yes?" Not, "How may I help you?" or "Hi" or anything that could be construed as gracious, friendly, hostessish. My boyfriend states that we were looking to get a pizza to go. Miss Crab-Apple, my new moniker for her, states, no haughtily sniffs, "We don't DO orders to go when there are people waiting." Then she turns and walks away. She doesn't even ask us if we want to put our names down for a table. . Mr. Bianco we didn't know what your kitchen's policy is for takeout, maybe you should have a sign that is in huge letters right on the door: NO TAKEOUT WHILE OTHERS WAIT! I am sure that would clear it up for those of us that simply wanted to spend our money on your food, just not eat it there. . . Thank you for your time, . D'Lisa Shayn
Being from Vancouver might spoil me, but if this is the best pizza in America... I'll stick to what we have at home.. . The pizzas came out quickly, and the ingredients were fresh, but that's as far as it goes.  If it's a new concept to you and you're used to greasy Pizza Hut pizza, you'll probably love the change.  For us, it was nothing out of the ordinary.. . The wait is long and might only be worth it if you can't get similar style pizza elsewhere.  Although they say it's first-come-first serve, they'll seat whichever group will fill up the table fully and pass over smaller groups even if their name is next on the list.  The quickest way to get a seat seemed to be if you come as a pair.  If you have a group of 3+, best bet is to arrive at around 3:15 you'll probably get in during the first seating so it'll only be a 1h45m in the end.  With Bar Bianco opening up at 4 with reasonable prices for drinks, thats the best way to go if you must try this place out.
Pizza is decent (not amazing) and it is definitely NOT worth a 3 hour wait. Would I wait 20 minutes? Sure.
Pizza Bianco was our first meal after arriving for Spring Training.  It's pretty close to the airport, about 15 minutes away.  We arrived at 9 PM to which the hostess gave us an approximate wait time of 90 minutes.  We sat on the benches and grabbed some wine from the bar next door.  Sure enough, we weren't seated until about 10:30 PM.  Be sure to stay around the restaurant at 10 PM as they perform a roll call.  . . We ordered a Wiseguy and Margurita for our entrees.  Our waitress gave the tables by us bread and olive oil but neglected us until we asked another waitress.  The bread was actually quite delicious.  As for the pizza, it was good, but not outstanding as we hoped.  We have had similar pizza in Dallas and San Francisco.  Was this the best, no it was not.   Waiting for a few hours, one expects the pizza to live up to the hype and unfortunately the pizza is overrated.  . . We left saying that we tried Pizza Bianco but we won't be back here for our next Spring Training trip.  It's just not worth the wait and there are other pizza places just as good in the Phoenix area.
Visited today for lunch.  This is the second week they are hosting lunch so I was a bit wary.  I called ahead at 10:45 and asked how the wait has been for lunch and was told there were no waits.  We showed up at 11:15 and were told there was a 35 minute wait!  Ugh!  Needless to say, we went elsewhere.. . I've visited before for dinner in the summer (no wait) and had a good experience but I feel like Bianco's  has been over-glorified so much that my expectations are just way too high to give it anything but 3 stars - and after our lunch fiasco today, they dropped to a 2-star restaurant in my book.
I work within walking distance and was never interested in a restaurant that involved a three hour wait for a meal. But now that they are open for lunch I went over a few weeks ago. I LOVE pizza. But I wasn't all that impressed. It was good. But I didn't think the pie lived up to the hype. Maybe my expectations were too high given all the rave reviews I had heard. But it wasn't blown away. And I certainly wouldn't wait 3+ hours for a meal.
Okay...I'm sorry to those whom I may offend by typing the words that are to follow.. . I didn't think that "the best pizza in the country" was that great.. . I was super excited to eat here. I've lived in Phoenix for 5 years now and it was the first time that I've really had the opportunity to go. I was warned ahead of time that there is usually a long wait time...but a THREE HOUR WAIT is freakin' ridiculous!  It is nice that the little bar place is next door because it takes your mind off of the wait a little bit...but three hours is just a little much. If I hadn't been there with friends who had driven from Mesa to meet up, there is no way I would have even entertained the thought of sticking around.. . By the time we actually sat down to eat, I would have chowed down on a piece of cardboard with pepperoni drawn on it in red Sharpie. Yeah, they use "good" ingredients. Yeah, they have this fancy-schmancy wood fired oven. Yeah, yeah, yeah...it was okay. For the wait we had, I expected a lot more...the pizza was average at best.. . On the other hand, the appetizers we got were off the charts amazing. Prosciutto and asparagus, roasted veggies and bread w/ good EVOO...how can you go wrong, right?. . Sorry Phoenix, you're pizza gem was a big disappointment. As a pizza lover, I think it was okay...but unfortunately the wait overshadowed the food and I'll never go back.
I've been a handful of times now.  All I've had is the pizza, but I've had most of the menu (not difficult with only 6 choices).  The last time I went my friends added additional items which didn't improve their pizzas.. . The positives -- good crust and fresh organic ingredients. . The negatives -- poor pizza design, poor execution, long lines. . One bit of good news is that Pizzeria Bianco is now open for lunch.  The last two times I've eaten here there was no line; both were afternoon meals.  The lines are still long in the evenings.. . I like the crust, as overly thin and slightly burnt as it might be.  And I appreciate the organic ingredients.  But they just don't taste very good.  The Margherita and Biancoverde, two pizza styles I normally love, are just kind of boring.  Supplemental ingredients (expensive to add and the restaurant actually adds too much of them to your pizza) don't help.  The Sonny Boy has sort of a sharp olivey flavor which isn't desirable, and the Wiseguy pizza is less than the sum of its parts.. . But in addition to the flawed pizza design, I've experienced inconsistency in the pizzas I've had.  The same pizza can taste substantially different on different visits.  Some might argue something about each pizza being unique because they are made by hand, but my experience is that it is simply poor execution.. . One last item.  This didn't contribute to the review, but is worth noting.  This has to be the worst pizza I've ever had "the next day".  Whether eaten cold or reheated (something I do with a lot of pizza), it is borderline inedible.  Not a requirement for a good pizza place, bur don't over-order because your take home portions will just go into the trash.
My mother and several of her friends would always rave about this place. For years, I just never bothered going here because I just don't like the downtown Phoenix area. A few months ago, though, I finally decided to give it a try. Some family members and I met up downtown and were ready to be blown away by some incredible pizza!. . We ended up waiting forever-- over two hours-- to get in. This wasn't a huge shock, so I won't really factor that into my review rating. It was a long wait, but we knew that it would be. However, it's what came after the long wait that disappointed us. Once we were finally in, it took forever for our order to come out. We were also split up into three separate groups even though our party wasn't that large. That's fine, too. They were busy and pretty packed, so I understand that.. . The pizzas, though, were extremely unimpressive. Even my mother commented on how she did not really enjoy her pizza that much, especially when compared to previous experiences. My pizza was so unexciting that I don't even remember what I had ordered now, which is pretty uncommon for me! It wasn't disgusting, but it was so boring that I can't even recall eating it! I think this sentiment was shared amongst all of us that night. For the price and the hype, it just didn't live up to our expectations.. . My mother also mentioned to me that Chris Bianco no longer makes the pizzas because of some allergy he has or something. Perhaps this is why the quality of the pizzas has gone down? I'm not sure, but either way I just wasn't impressed. I was so excited to eat here, too!
Extremely overrated. Been trying to go here for a long time but refused to wait hours to get in. Expected the best pizza ever from all the hoopla. Pizza was good, not great. Overpriced for sure ($21 & $16) with limited toppings available. Also very sparse on the toppings too. Small salad was $9. Much better pizzas and variety at Humble Pie, Rare Earth Wine Bar or Oregano's. We came, we tried, and we won't be back.
You would think Jesus was making your pizza from all the other reviews.. . My guess is, you will absolutely love it there.  I don't like it it.  The pizzas are incredibly small for the price and there are better pizzas to be found right here in Phoenix that are less expensive and you won't have to wait a few hours to eat.. . The pizza itself is fine, it's not horrible or anything but it most certainly doesn't live up to the hype. The small space and huge demand means the tables are very close to each other.  If you are looking to a semi-private conversation over dinner, this isn't the place.  I suspect that to a lot of people there is a charm with the social interactions between the tables, just know that going in.
A freaking 90mins wait!  Two stars because of the ridiculous wait.  Food is good and maybe borderline great, but this place is nowhere close to being a "new hotspot" and it still has an hour and 45min wait at three pm on a Sat.  It's great for the  owners, but there are many more places to get pizza.
Everything about Pizzeria Bianco is exaggerated: both the wait time and the quality. We went in with high expectations, having heard all about a New York Times article saying that Pizzeria Bianco has the best pizza in the country. We left quite a bit less than amazed. . . The wine bar where we passed our time before being seated was charming, with a rustic theme suffusing the area. The wine selection was limited however, favoring reds over whites. I liked that their beer selection included a number of local breweries, but their selection was limited in that as well. For non-alcoholic selection they had Mexican Coke and Coke Light (Diet Coke) . Avoid the Coke LIght unless you like to be overwhelmed with Aspartame.. . We eventually made our way to the main dining area, which strangely enough is smaller than the wine bar. We were helped quickly - you certainly cannot fault the service here, which was prompt and friendly. Then our pizza arrived.. . I don't know what the opposite of synergy is, but the pizzas we ordered had it. They were less than the sum of their parts. We ordered the Wiseguy and the Sonny Boy. The Wiseguy is a white pizza (no tomato sauce) with smoked mozzarella, sausage, and smoked onion. The Sonny Boy is a standard pizza with salami, olives, mozzarella, and tomato sauce. . . The Sonny Boy's ingredients were lost in the melange of the pizza as a whole. There was no clarity of taste from the salami. It was more a texture than a taste, and the texture was leathery. The salami reminded me of prosciutto rather than salami: very thin and salty. But with the mozzarella and tomato sauce, the salty taste disappeared into a void. The salami also looked a tad raw, salmon pink in areas rather than red. . . The pizza was also somewhat small. I felt like I paid sixteen dollars for a ten dollar pizza. I could not help but wonder whether the writer of the famous New York Times article had ever eaten pizza before.  . . The Wiseguy was not much better. Given that there were so many smoked ingredients on the pizza, the pizza did not taste smoky at all. It was an okay pizza. Certainly not bad, but also very certainly not the best in the country; not by a long shot. It is not the best pizza in Phoenix, or even the best pizza in the neighborhood. So far, that goes to Cibo. . . It is not a bad place at all. The crust is crispy as one would expect from a wood-fired oven, although I question the wisdom of placing said oven in the restaurant. Phoenix is hot enough without placing a colossal heat source a few feet away from the seating area. . . I think that having so many rave reviews actually enhanced our disappointment with the restaurant. We went in expecting to be blown away and left with some sort of existential malaise. . . I can recommend Pizzeria Bianco, but only with reservations. The pizza is  above average, but Phoenix abounds with mediocre restaurants so the bar is not very high. There are better Pizzerias in Phoenix; Cibo and Le Grande Orange come to mind immediately. LGO even uses many of the same ingredients as Pizzeria Bianco, but with far better effect. . . In essence:  don't believe the hype. Eat here if you want good pizza. Don't eat here if you want amazing, best in the country pizza.
I thought big girls knew where the good food was at...but Oprah definitely does not. I tried the Wiseguy and Rosa pizzas and was not impressed with either. The crust was alright and the servers were attentive but when I pay $16 for a small pizza, I damn well better like it.
Went there a couple weeks ago.. Very uninspired to write this review.. . So we just moved here from Portland and had eaten at the best wood fired pizza in the nation (see previous reviews if you're ever in the portland area).  . . Pizzeria Bianco was recommended by a friend that owns a wood fired pizza oven, so we definitely were expecting the best.. . The wait is everything everyone says it is... 1+ hours. We waited in the bar next door and I asked if they had a Rose wine and was told that they had one not on the menu. Now here is where it's both our faults.. I never asked the price and she never offered it.  I was a little shocked to say the least when I got the bill for $50, it was good but not that good.. . We headed over and ordered our pizza.  We got the Fennel Sausage pizza and honestly it wasn't that good unfortunately.  The sausage wasn't crumbled and it didn't taste like fennel very much.. Just really uninspiring.  Service was not that great either. We sat at the bar and the guy rushed us and I just didn't feel the love.. . So hate to do it but yeah... two stars.. I really wanted to like it but it just fell short.
Went for lunch on Dec. 28.  Arrived at 11:30 and had to wait 90 minutes.  Service was  good but I was really disappointed in the food since I had read many reviews raving about the pizza.  It was ok but not great.  And when you have to wait that long (I understand our wait was not out of the ordinary) the food should be fabulous.  We often go to Serious Pie in Seattle and like their pizza much better ---and  never have to wait 90 minutes!!
One word: OVERRATED. . The pizza was subpar. Ive had much better for the price.. . My group was smart and made a reservation, i really didnt enjoy the dirty looks and comments we got from some of the line that had been waiting (for what im still not sure) when we went in ahead of them.. . I really wasnt impressed.
Over-rated! 2 hour wait on a Wednesday. Service sucked.(1 server rolled his eyes on my wife while we ordering) really? After we wait for 2 hours I expext better service and food! Pizza is ok not worth the wait and the hassle.
Pizza is good, but not worth the wait.  Pies are also small and expensive.
Abridged: . I'm gonna be real with you. I am not in love with Pizzeria Bianco, and had I actually had to wait in line, this rating would probably be lower. My group was lucky enough to receive the last table without any wait.. . Maybe it was the fact that it's hard to impress me with pizza. Maybe it was a fluke that won't happen again. At least that's what everyone keeps telling me. But honestly, I just wasn't that impressed with the $19 pizza I received. Sadly, the leftovers I took home ended up being tossed because I was afraid to try it again. . . I've been worried about writing this for awhile (it's been sitting here unfinished for nearly a year), but in the end, my opinions haven't changed, and I sit here, still scared to return. If someone dragged me there again, or had a party there or something, I'd probably give it another shot, as I hate to write off any place after a single trip, but I honestly felt just eh about the whole thing. Thankfully none of my visiting out of town guests have cried for me to take them there.
First time going here tonight and have to say it was good but have had much better. Seen on the food network to get the Rosa and it was OK but not as good as they made it sound. Also tried the Margarita was also OK good sauce but nothingi mpressive. If you want great pizza go to Spinatos its absolutely the best. Also the sizes. Are small so if your hungry get two. All in all its good but you'll have to wait 2 hours for pizza that tastes a lot like the restaurant Sauce.
Underwhelmed. Plain and boring interior, Snooty waiters at the bar and pizzeria, staff is short and slightly rude. Pizza is good but not the best, definitely not worth waiting hours for. Overall lack luster. Will I be back? Probably not. Will I recommend to friends and out of town guests? Probably not. I can go to La Piazza Al Forno in Glendale for brick oven pizza that is much better, less wait time,  more options on their menu and genuine friendly service.
Food was great....service without a smile :( . . If you do go I hope  Meghann is in a better mood. Or even better sit at the bar where smiles galore are :) We also had a wonderful man help at our table and he had the exact opposite attitude and apologized greatly for Grumps McGee. On service alone it brought the food and potential great atmosphere soaring down the gutter. . . Pizza, ...thin crunchie crust and great toppings!!!. . (5*) MARGHERITA - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil ***added Creminelli Sopressata. (5*) WISEGUY - Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage. (0*) Meghann's attitude
Pizzeria Bianco in my opinion is a classic living lesson in social psychology.. . The sum of the elements in this restaurant (most average at best) have combined to create a reputation that far exceeds the actual product.  The menu is quite limited, even more so for lunch.  Your choices are pizza or a salad.  But be warned, the salad (at least during lunch) is simply a pile of chopped romaine lettuce with red onions.  Ah, but the pizza...  Is it a New York style, maybe a touch of Chicago style?  Big beautiful slices of pizza loaded with fresh toppings?  Not quite.  Picture Martha Stewart on a diet tasked with making a pizza only with the ingredients from her back yard.  Sure, you get this nice looking crust made right before your eyes, then a very modest sprinkinling of toppings and any sauce.  Very modest.  Essentially for $16.00 you get pizza crust with some "wood roasted onion", a few slivers of fennel sausage, and a hint of mozarella....just a hint mind you.  No sauce, nothing else.  The crust is fine, average, much better crust at Upper Crust or Grimaldis.  The toppings are sparce, is it how he prepares the "wood roasted onion?"  Why do people line up for hours for this?  . . Much has to do with people wanting to seem more cultured or sophisticated than they really are and Chris Bianco has really catered to this.  Small restaurant with maybe 10 tables at best, no reservations...this creates lines and people tend to believe where a line ends is "the" place to be.  Must make the menu seem to appeal to the sophisticated pallet...check.  Small servings at a high price...check.  Parade around the kitchen so your customers can shower you with praise for making such incredible wood roasted onions.....check.  . . If you find yourself in the mood to eat a big piece of over priced pizza crust with a few items from Martha Stewart's garden tossed on there, you may want to give this place a shot.  The lines are wonderful there and just being seen at this establishment will make you more hip.  Or you can save your money and time, go to the store, get a boboli crust and throw on an onion, rosemary, and pine nuts.  Voila, you have a Bianco pizza.  Add a side salad, go buy the bagged romaine and dump it on the plate, boom, Bianco salad!  Impress your neighbors with your level of sophistication when you tell them its Bianco.  . . Will be trying his new "Italian Restaurant" next, will offer a full report after.
the 2-star description of "Meh. I've experienced better" couldn't be any more dead on for this place, *especially* in light how many best.pizza.ever reviews i've seen on here and from noted chefs and celebrities. for all of you who think that, i'm sorry but maybe you've never been to new york. hell, maybe you've never even been to new jersey, b/c this wasn't any better than my local neighborhood joint. based on what i read coming into the meal, i expected the light of god to shine down on me as i took my first bite. what i got instead was, yes, an ok pizza, but nothing more than and a ridiculously overcharged one at that (and now an awful case of heartburn, but that's beside the point).. . we got the margherita pizza and added wood-roasted mushrooms and sicilian anchovies. sauce was pretty good but the house made mozzarella was nothing to write home about. crust was thin and soft in the middle, crispy around the edges...and burnt. luckily, my wife and i don't mind a well-done crust, but it certainly did not exhibit the perfection that i was expecting going in. the pizza was cut into 6 slices, and was so small that i could have easily eaten the thing on my own. couldn't have been more than 10-12" in diameter, as each slice was able to *easily* fit on the same appetizer-sized plates that we used for our pre-pizza bread (which we had to request, was not offered to us by the waiter, yet another knock against the entire experience).. . the total bill for one little pizza and a $5 draft beer was $28. that's right, one pizza, no more than a personal-sized one at that, with 2 toppings was $23. in terms of accompaniments to the pizza, the menu was SO limited and when i saw the table next to us get their antipasto plate, there was no way we were paying $15 for it.. . i cannot believe that anyone in their right mind would wait one hour, let alone up to 4 as some of you have written, for this pizza. maybe zagat should stick to fine dining reviews, b/c they clearly missed the mark here. if any of my friends or relatives were to visit phoenix, my advice would be "don't believe the hype". personally, i can't wait to get back to new jersey and get a bigger, cheaper, and most importantly, better pizza.
It's been over a year since the last time I went to Pizzeria Bianco, and I am admitedly a very harsh pizza critic. The first time I went to Bianco's I loved the pizza. It was incredible.  . . This time, a friend was in town and wanted to go to the famous "Pizzeria Bianco" so we went at lunch to avoid the 2 hour wait.  To be very honest, the pizza just wasn't that good - over cooked & dry.  The salad was good & the bread was great, but we went for the pizza! . . There was no wait at lunch & the service was better. But I have to say that the pizza at Grazies & The Parlor are better. The incredible dough was always the best thing about the pizza at Biancos...but it was not very good this time. It's lost the chewiness and was more like a cracker. . . So unfortunately, I won't be back. Grazie's has become my pizzeria of choice in town now.
We came from Los Angeles, heard about this restaurant and wanted to give it a try. Friday night we were told to wait for an hour so we left. Next day we went for lunch instead. $16 for a medium thin crust pizza is not quite worth it: not enough cheese, just a few slices of sausage. Salad is even worse. A few leafy lettuce with 6 olives. Cost: $6. I can buy a bag of same lettuce from 99 Cent store and can divide into 10 plates! Tables and chairs are old, made of wood only. They are not comfortable. The place is small. Waiters are in 50's, not very friendly. Don't go. I am sure many still want to give it a try simply because it is in historic Heritage Square. Talk about a sucker born every minute!
I don't see what all the hype is about.  Like, not at all.  I'm beginning to think that a lot of people in Phoenix have absolutely NO idea what good food really is.  Maybe I got really spoiled with all the east coast yumminess in Philly, D.C. and New York.  My expectations are set pretty high and Pizzeria Bianco just didn't meet any of them.. . The atmosphere is super cute, typical city like restaurant where tables are close and its nice and loud and crowded.  But it pretty much stops there.. . The pizza was just ok.  I'd be pretty pissed if I waited over an hour for what I feel like is pretty generic pizza.  There was nothing special that stood out about this pizza.  Someone please tell me what is so special or different about the pizza here because I just don't see it.  The atmosphere at Cibo is much better and I think the pizza there was a lot better.  . . Service was horrible! How do restaurants here get away with having such terrible servers.  Just because you're popular doesn't mean you have to treat your customers like they are bothering you. I have no idea what our servers name was, he never asked if we'd been there before, described nothing on the menu, didn't ask if we had any questions.  Simply asked what we wanted to eat and that was it.  I had to ask for a drink.  I mean, really?? Hello!!  You're not at all concerned that someone may actually want a glass of water or soda or wine with their meal.  This I simply do not understand.  . . I will not be returning to Pizzeria Bianco and certainly will not be recommending it to anyone.
Over priced, over rated and (look out) over head. We had heard such great things about this restaurant that perhaps we set our hopes too high.... . We went to Pizzeria Bianco a few months ago for lunch. It was a bit after the lunch rush, so we didn't have to wait but the restaurant was pretty full. . . The menu is a bit sparse but we figured that it was so good, they were concentrating on quality vs. quantity of menu offerings. We ordered the handmade buffalo mozzarella and basil caprese salad and a "sonny boy" pizza that had salami and gaeta olives. Bianco claims that they use local tomatoes and I'm not disputing that they do. However, we went in the height of the tomato season when heirlooms are at their peak and plentiful at the farmers market, yet they served us tasteless, limp tomatoes with a schmear of balsamic. I never salt my food but the mozzarella should have been brined when they made it as it had no flavor.  For a $9 appetizer, it simply was not up to par.. . The pizza was also underwhelming. The crust was ok but the toppings were minimal and the cheese on top was barely cooked. I was sitting in the table at the far corner near the front of the restaurant and I kept seeing speckles of dust in the air. I made the mistake of looking up and I saw that the wooden beams in this restaurant have about an inch of dust on them that flaked down on me and my pizza during the course of my meal. I was kind of too grossed out to continue eating and I was actually too embarrassed for the restaurant to tell the wait staff who probably couldn't do anything about it anyway. . . Hopefully, they have done a deep cleaning of the restaurant in the last few months. Honestly, if you have ever looked at the dust that accumulates on your ceiling fan if you haven't cleaned it in awhile, it looked like that x 10. Our simple lunch was about $30.. Maybe they charged us an extra topping for the dust.
I have heard about and read about this place for many years but never got to try it. My brother came into town and his boss said for him to try it out. So we went downtown and because of the reviews we purposefully went early. We got there around 4:45. Just in time for the Zombie walk. Lucky us. So we were told it would be an hour and a half wait. We went next door to the bar and each had a glass of wine and the antipasti and crostini. $60 later..  . . We get a table. We each got a pizza and I got the farmers market salad to share. It was priced according to the items they put into it. It was $9. It had lettuce, and red onion and blue cheese which we got on the side. Really. It was not large. It had nothing else on it. To me that's not a salad. I thought being a farmers market salad there would be other veggies on it but I guess the market was closed.. . The pizza was unremarkable. It wasn't even very warm. I like cold pizza too but this didn't make it. And It was worse the next day.  . . I love trying new places. I love pizza and salad. I just can't find a thing to make me go back to this place.  Not even if someone else was paying.
Best Pizza ever? Ha Ha Ha Ha. You poor things. Better than Walmart frozen for sure. Someday I'm going to have a pizza benefit. Pizza from around the U.S.. Midwest, east coast, west coast, southwest.. You're all invited. Nothing there like this mediocre stuff. If you taste great pizza, you willnever come back here. And prices? For shits sake. This is pizza.
Very long wait for a mediocre pizza. . Not worth the hype. Definitely had better pizzas elsewhere including Phoenix. Grimaldi's in Scottsdale have way better Margarita pizzas.
I know that everyone raves about Pizzeria Bianco...  so I waited my 2-hour wait to get a table with friends and try the pizza.  To be honest - NOT worth thewait.  The pizza was fine, nothing wrong with it at all - but not worth a 2 hour wait.  Everything about this place was "fine" in my book, but absolutely not exceptional or worth the long wait, loud space and slow order time for the pizza to arrive at the table.
After hearing so much about Bianco I was excited to finally give it a try for a friend's birthday. We arrive to an hour and a half wait (which we expected with 5 people) and enjoyed some drinks in the bar next door as we waited. The bartender was excellent and the atmosphere was great which was really the highlight of the visit.. . When we sat down I was surprised at how small the dining room is, but I guess it explains the continual waiting list. A small room isn't a problem unless you pack too many table in so that there is no room for your server to do his job without continually bumping your chair/elbow/table/head, which is exactly the case here. Our server was very attentive and nice but he just didn'thave enough space to properly serve the table. . . We ordered salads and some pizzas to share and the salads were very salty. Quite strange to have a salad with that much salt, and I've never experienced it at another restaurant. The pizzas were all very underwhelming too. Don't get me wrong, they weren't bad, just average. I had much better pizza a few blocks to the west although I don't remember the name of the place. All-in-all the experience was a disappointment and I don't see myself returning any time soon.
We were in Phoenix for the weekend and decided to try out "The Best Pizza in America". Honestly, it's all hype. The pizza taste just like any other wood burned pizza joint. I did notice, they closed the oven door more than normal, which enhanced the smoked flavor, a bit too smokey for my taste. I thought it was ridiculous that you had to pay for parking and since EVERYONE must wait for a table, they send you next door to they're wine bar. Very sneaky. Pizza was average, nothing to rave about, very disappointed.
Overrated.. . I moved to AZ about two years ago and the one place all of my new coworkers told me I absolutely had to try was Pizzeria Bianco. After reading about it's rich history and lines that make people wait upwards of 3 hours for, I thought there had to be something of this legend and gave it a shot. My fiancee seemed more excited than I was because (as she constantly claims) she is a pizza fanatic with marinara sauce pumping through her veins.. . We made the journey out about half an hour before they opened to ensure we wouldn't have to wait the customary amount of time and wasn't surprised to see a line of about fifteen more arrive soon after. We were the first to order and chose the WiseGuy pizza (onions, mozzarella, and sausage).. . The first thing I noticed that seemed a little off putting was that there didn't seem to be a chef handling the pizza but a couple of simple line cooks. I played it off thinking it didn't matter much because how hard is it really to make a a pizza?The ingredients and recipe were going to be the stars of the show.. . Even though we were the first to order we waited approximately thirty minutes before the pizza arrived. Again, I didn't think much of it at the time because in my mind, pizza of this legendary caliber was worth waiting for.. . Once it finally arrived, we couldn't wait to dive in but I gave it a few moments to lessen the blow of any potential cheese burns seeing as it came fresh from the oven. My first bite was completely underwhelming. This pizza didn't have any flavor at all. The dough itself was very pleasing with a nice blend crispy and chewy textures but the cheese, onions, and sausage tasted of nothing. I never thought pizza could taste so bland. My fiancee shared the same sentiments. I thought she was joking at first and maybe I was being a little too critical but after one slice we stopped, paid our bill, and walked out of there.. . I've never seen a place hyped so much that went completely in the opposite direction. There are much better places in AZ to get a great slice of pizza but for my money, Pizzeria Bianco isn't worth the time or effort.
Bianco, Oh Bianco I had really high hopes for you. .      I can't say I didn't like it, but I will say I don't love it, nor do I plan on ever going back. I honestly don't understand what all the hype is about. Bianco lacks customer service, size and comfort. The menu is limited and additions seem too costly for such small portions. .      Needless to say, we ordered one pizza and that came down to exactly two slices each. Which still left us with traces of hunger after consuming the margherita with added sausage and mushrooms. To top it all off we felt like it lacked a certain kick, it was just too simple. A pizza too simple? Yeah, I'm not kidding.. The service was sub-par, with a ditsy girl sitting us down and then a server that after taking our order, and bringing it over, was nowhere to be found after, we even had to ask a different server to bring us additional drinks..      Finally, the size, this place is cute but tiny, it gets uncomfortably busy and tight inside. I'm okay with closeness and all, but this was just too much that the table next to us kept dropping into our conversation. All we wanted was to enjoy our food and time there. Overall, It was a rather strange and unexpected experience . .      Thankfully, we had The Rose and Crown a few steps away to unwind after such experience!! .                                                           -See ya never Bianco.
I finally dined here for the first time last night and I have been meaning to come for 8 years but never managed to justify the long wait.  However, yesterday we were at the Science Center and it was early enough to not have too long of a wait, if you can say that 1.5 hours is not too long.  We grabbed a few glasses of wine at the Blanco Bar next door and settled in for our wait.  What a cute place, old rustic European country decorum in a renovated house from the 20's.  Very charming and pleasant however the wait staff...not so much.  Very odd thing here, as the staff is not outwardly rude but they are aloof and disinterested in their customers, at least from what we observed.  I had to go and ask someone for a menu and the girl who was waiting in our section had come by several times to fill water and get things for her other customers sitting right next to us.. . We were finally seated and I guess I didn't specify that since we were waiting all that time that we wanted a table, as we ended up sitting at the bar, which sort of sucked.  It is a cramped situation with no real place to put your feet and I kept hitting my knees on the front of the bar.  My feet went to sleep several times from tucking them on the rung of my chair as that was the only place for them to go.  I kept bumping into my poor neighbor while I was trying to eat since her back was turned towards me.  I think she must have figured out by sitting that way she could put her feet on her friend's chair rung too, more options!  In short, I felt a bit like Alice in Wonderland after she had eaten the cake that made her grow so large.. . Finally the food came and I totally agree with Gabriel's review.  Very, very fresh ingredients but sorely lacking in seasoning!  We had the Caprice Salad, the mozzarella wrapped in prosciutto and the Margherita Pizza.  All of which were made from very fresh high quality ingredients but I found that I was salting everything!  The food was simply too bland.  I do not understand what the hype is all about frankly.  I don't understand why the long wait, outside of the fact that the place is like a friggen dollhouse!  And the waiter behind the bar was arrogant, like everyone who works there.  He could care less about who we were and if anything, I felt like we may have been putting him out a bit.  How dare we order more food and wine!  Christ I needed more wine to deal with the attitude and seating.  And OVER PRICED  for sure.. . I think Cibos and the Parlor have much better food and you don't have to wait an eternity to get a table.  In fact, I'm coming to realize that Cibos is the best brick oven pizza in here in the valley.  . . At least I can take this place off my list and to be honest I will not be going back.
I was visiting Phoenix for a few days and was told that I HAD to try Pizza Bianco - "the best pizza in the country."  As my friend who was with me said, he's had better frozen pizza.  I was extremely disappointed.  The pizzahardly had any taste; some of the crust was burnt; and there was hardly any cheese on it.  We had the pizza margherita and were both just very disappointed.  I wouldn't recommend this place for the food ever.. On the other hand, the wait staff/bartender were fabulous.  Very nice and engaging.  Also the buildings were adorable right in the historic Heritage Square.
Il Forno ... much MUCH better!
I think this place gets by on reputation as once being an awesome pizza place. I don't think the 2 hour wait was worth it. The pizza was good but to be honest, I've made an awesome pizza with my grill and a few wood chips. I'm glad I got to say I ate there but I won't be doing it again. For the price and the wait, this was more of a flop.
My pizza was a half-burned grease bucket. Gross, I highly doubt they gave Oprah what they gave me!
It's been a while since I've been to this place, but I went on a Thursday evening and showed up right at 5PM when they open. There was already a line out the door. The restaurant is very small so we were asked to wait outside or at the associated bar next door. Our wait was close to three hours! We triple checked to make sure they didn't skip us and they assured us they would call us soon. We ordered a pizza with sausage but the sausage was sliced very thick and was four times thicker than the crust so it was very difficult to eat. The proportion didn't work for me and the flavors weren't anything great that I couldn't get from Sauce (fast-food, upscale pizza).
Ok, so I've gone a few times now.. . First time, great experience but now this is what I think.. . 1. Over priced ..the green salad..greens and 3 green olives...bland dressing..$6..pizzas good but really not worth the wait nor cost. . 2. Requesting Parmesan will cost you $2, and they will not let  you take it unless you request it.. 3. Customer service, I've had really better service other places. This past week, I was in there for a lunch meeting and this group of 25 came in complaining they couldn't sit together, giving our small table dirty looks and sarcastic comments geared towards our table.  The waitress was staring us down  the entire time on and it was a really uncomfortable feeling, especially when you are paying a high menu price for the food .. . I will be taking my business somewhere else, Bianco is just not worth it nor the wait time.
After all the hype from the Oprah Show, and years later, I decided to go to Pizzaria Bianco.  We went for an early dinner and there was no wait.  We were seated right away, and for the place not being busy, we sure waited to be waited on!. The salad and the pizza were OK, but not as what I had expected.  Hard to park around here, so I probably won't be back.
Was it worth the 30 minute wait? Absolutely not. . . We ordered pizza, and it was just average. Better than some because the ingredients were quality and fresh. There was not much flavor to the sauce. The crust was bland, limp and the edges of the oven-fired crust were not just crisp and brown, it was burnt in several places. . . Our table was jammed in and we were uncomfortable. . . Service was good. . . No reason to go back with many other choices for much better pizza in the Valley.
This is the most overrated pizza I have ever waited 2 hours for. Oh and it's pricy as well. I'm sure there are a small percentage of foodies that love this place and talk it up but I'm here to tell you, most normal patrons won't like paying this much for sub par fancy pizza. . . Ultimatly, there 2 star rule applies... Meh, I've had better...
Pizza was not a great as we had expected and service was well below.  Pomo in Scottsdale is better and closer.  Probably won't go back. . . The staff were not friendly and it wasn't even that busy - we went last night.  To much success has gone to there heads.
I've been wanting to go there for years. Finally had the opportunity. I was so excited like I was going to Disney. What a let down. I really didn't think that it had any flavor.
With nearly a thousandreviews of PIZZERIA BIANCO the polarity between love & hate is amazing. HERE IS THE ONLY REVIEW YOU'LL EVER NEED TO READ.. . On one side of the aisle, you have the idiot trendoids who love bragging about how long they'll wait in line for restaurants, and how they were eating there before anybody else. They'll gladly report, "THIS IS THE BEST PIZZA EVER, WELL WORTH THE 3 HOUR WAIT!!!!" They also don't mind overpaying to be underfed.. These people are easily recognized by their ability to spend $300 on an outfit that makes them look homeless and by their incessant need to always be sporting at least one Apple product.. . The other camp is the folks who hate this place on a near personal level. They act as insulted by the food or wait time as they would be by a Nazi-sympathizer or a spit in the face. These are people who hate most everything that has proven to be popular with other people, and they hate Pizzeria Bianco, even though there's nothing hatable here.. . Both groups are generously represented here. Both groups are full of shit. HERE'S THE TRUTH.. . Best Pizza Ever? Hell no. You'd have to be functionally retarded to call this the "BEST" pizza you've ever eaten. In a lot of books, what is being served here wouldn't even qualify as pizza. An overly simple menu offers only 6 pie choices, 3 of which offer no tomato sauce and 2 offering no cheese. Pizzeria Bianco is really more of a Lavash than a pizza in that the crust is more of a toasted cracker than a pizza crust. This will lead to a soggy mess only minutes after your pie comes out of the oven. Is there any way, honestly, you can call something a pizza when your ingredient menu EXCLUDES PEPPERONI, MEATBALLS (ground beef of any kind), & GREEN PEPPERS. That's right, none of these exists on the premises. BEST PIZZA EVER?!? C'mon Corky, Life Goes On Without Pizzeria Bianco.. . Worst Pizza Ever? Seriously? You never had a Totino's or a Lil Caesar's $5 crap pie? I truly believe the people who hate Pizzeria Bianco are really just hating on the people stupid enough to proclaim undying love for this place. This pizza(?) is not offensive in the least, even if it isn't really pizza. We actually liked the flavor of our WISE GUY. Again, we questioned whether of not it should even be classified as a pizza, but it was none-the-less tasty. Had I waited 2-3 hours, would I have been pissed off? Yep. Not to the point where I'm pissed off for life at everybody involved with the joint, like they shot my dog. Then again I'm not stupid enough to wait 2-3 hours at a place like this.. . There's the rub with Pizzeria Bianco....the people who are claiming it to be the "best ever" and "well worth the hours wait" are absolute idiots, full of shit to the point of turning their eyes brown. Those who hate Pizzeria Bianco and it's fans like they contribute to Al Qaeda, have no real basis for their hatred and are way too over-reactive.. . So judge for yourself.. . Go down on a Saturday between 11am & noon to avoid the notorious wait times, drink a cold one and have lunch. You'll discover what we did; Pizzeria Bianco is simply a charming little place with nice people serving what may or may not be pizza. But that ain't so bad.
Years ago I went to try this place because it was supposed to be the absolute best pizza you could get, but when I showed up, there was a line out the door and I didn't feel like standing outside and waiting and I never attempted it again. . . Cut to today around lunchtime and I happened to be in the area and it was open, no lines. Decided to go in and try this amazing pizza. Talk about being underwhelmed. The pizza is expensive and frankly, it's just not very good. I would believe it's very fresh and the ingredients are good, but the end result is a very so-so pizza for too much money. We ordered a total of 5 pizzas, (which are all about 12" and 6 slices), a water, a Coke and 2 teas and the bill was $97 and change. For that kind of money,  I expect an amazing pizza. . . The service was very good and they were fast and friendly, but otherwise there is no reason to go there. Of the three different pizzas I tried, none of them were exceptional in any way and no one at the table seemed to enjoy their food very much. Maybe I missed the train on this place by waiting so long, but I see no reason to go back.
Super over rated.  its just okay.  sorry
Eh, the pizza is just okay. Its way too over rated for what it really is and way too over priced. Also, the place is very small making it very uncomfortable. The waiters seem to rush you because they have a line at the door. I will definitely not be returning; In all honesty, I think the Humble  Pie is just as good or better for a more reasonable price and better environment.
I don't get it here.  This place is known all over the country, and gets rave reviews.  After a three hour wait (I only put up with that because an out of town guest wanted to go), the waiter was rude and acted as though he could care less about our satisfaction.  As for the pizza, it's not your 'normal' style which would be fine if it was good or an unusual treat, but it wasn't either.  And pricey to boot.  Not a place I'd suggest; Phoenix has many better locations to spend your $$ and get some great food.
We visited the one at Town and Country and it was terrible. It cost an extra $5 to have sausage added to a pizza that had tomato sauce and cheese (not all the pizzas do). The sausage was practically tasteless and in big chunks, very little cheese, very little sauce and the crust was so thin in places that even the almost non-existent toppings were falling off. We asked if they use the same ingredients and recipes as the downtown location and were told they do. No atmosphere, tiny, uncomfortable tables and chairs. My husband wanted a diet Coke and was told they had Coke Lite which was the same thing. It was in a glass bottle and was imported from Mexico. Why would you import your Coke from Mexico? The staff was friendly but fly by you.
