Heard so much about this place so we tried it on a Wednesday evening when we arrived. Saw very little appetizing seafood plus some of the entrees were overheated especially in the Asian section. Had fair amounts of shrimp dishes and clams but no crab. The chicken (fried and roasted were dry and coarse and the assorted sushis were cold and hard from over refrigeration. Was probably was made in NY city? The carved prime rib was what probably saved the evening but never again on an ordinary weekday night. I'm guessing that most of the posters had the Friday night seafood special which apparently cost a lot more than the $23 we were charged. Sorry to report on such a dismal experience. Would have like to give them a higher rating.
Decor is nice, modern with clean lines. Service was great. Everyone greeted us with a smile. I heard one of the employees say there was a new Chef so that may be the reason I didn't enjoy it too much. . . How the heck this got 4.5 star is beyond me. I felt we were misled, it said Seafood Brunch for $30, there wasn't much seafood. Although, there's more selection of other things, I just felt the quality in most of there dishes were C+. The taste just wasn't there. I tried a little of everything: snow crabs, pork ribs, fried shrimp, mash potato, kalua pig and cabbage, orange chicken, pad thai, salmon/ahi salad, macadamia nut french toast, eggplant parmasian, stuffed grape leaves, flan, chocolate cake, creme brulee, etc. Nothing was of execptional restaurant quality. Even the cake was dry, stale and it was just 9:30 AM. . . Will, I go back? NO, not for $75 (Sunday Brunch $30pp, tax &tip).
I waited 3 hours for this buffet and when we were finally in, all we really ate was the crab legs. They are not stingy with those legs. They kept refilling it when it ran out. The service was ok, they were really busy so it took awhile for our waiter to bring us our refills. We didn't even get to try the free alcohols! Would i come back? It all depends on how long the line is.
It's just an upgraded version of Old Country Buffet. A buffet for typical American food that senior citizens would appreciate and love. I personally thought the Mac n cheese, meat, and Americanized Chinese food was unappetizing.... This place is for old and retired folks who are content with pasta type foods: not a place for sushi lovers, and high end food lovers.
I really don't get what all the hype is about.  The food is your standard buffet food: crab legs, prime rib, other seafood.  The quality of the food isn't great either.  I did like the osso buco and the fried polenta, but other than that the food was ...meh.  . . The best parts of this buffet are the all you can drink beer and wine and the desserts.  . . Expect to wait at least 2 hours in line and have a bunch of people cut in front of you because they conveniently found family or friends in line ahead of you.  Make sure you check the closing time because sadly they still seat people when they're already taking food away from the buffet.  . . If you're looking for a seafood buffet, head over to the Rio seafood buffet instead.. . Overall this is not the best buffet like a lot of the reviews have said.  Save your feet some grief and head to the Bellagio or Wynn buffet.  Way better food (at Bellagio they serve king crab legs sliced in half so you don't have to crack crab legs, and i've even had kobe beef there  before) and you won't have to wait a million hours in line.  Prices are about the same for weekend lunches and dinners.
I visited this buffet on a Wednesday when it was seniors day. 2 for 1 and it was only $14.99. You can't beat that. I decided to try it Saturday. I didn't mind paying $14.99 a person. I got there and she says it's $35.00 a person. She said it was seafood dinner. First of all it was 12:00 and it wasn't dinner. I didn't want to go anywhere else so I went in. It was ridiculous to charge $20.00 more for the little bit of fish they had. No lobster. This buffet is good if it's $14.99 or 2 for 1. But not worth $35.00. Beware of when you go.
This review is based solely on my only visit for breakfast/lunch. . . - Looong line (arrived at 9:45 for breakfast, waited 45 min., got in at 10:30 and got charged for lunch) . - Typical buffet. Nothing stood out in terms of food taste or quality.. - Too many fried and salty items. . - Even the desserts were saccharine for my palate. . - The Korean short ribs were ok, but again a bit salty. . - Overhyped, or I may have caught them on a bad day.
I went here for a birthday brunch and man did I leave bummed out. Crab was dry and I could tell it was left over from the day before and was just reheated. What really ruined the entire experience was the horrendous service. I did get there earlier than usual (around 9 am) to avoid the line and I guess they don't have bussers on staff until later in the day. With that being said I understand the wait staff being busy, but why take away a glass of water and not replace it with more? Even when I asked for another glass three times, it never came. Not to mention the waiter that came with a pitcher of iced tea to fill up my coke. I even asked him, "is that coke because that's what I'm drinking" before he poured it. After eating the old crab, and washing it down with my coke/iced tea concoction I didn't even want anything else. This was my favorite buffet, but I know that there is no way I would be back.
Whaaaat?  Am I missing something?  I look like the crazy person whose ONLY review out of over 700 reviews is negative.  Maybe they were having an off day, maybe my tastebuds and/or mood was having an off day but I totally didn't get what the big deal was about this place.  To be frank, I thought it had a cafeteria vibe to the place and the food looked and tasted like what I imagine Hometown Buffet to be.  The only thing that I thought was tasty was their prime rib- it was super flavorful.  Other than that, I mostly ate salad because everything else was bad.  The seafood was overcooked and cold/old and nothing else appealed to me.  The all you can drink beer/wine is a nice touch but if it means paying for my drinks to get good food, I'd much rather do that.  All in all, pretty bad and wouldn't go back.
Food was edible. They aim for quantity verses quality. Service was good. Environment was LOUD.. . I'm a HUGE fan of Wicked Spoon which is the buffet at The Cosmopolitan and I would rather spend my money there.
Maybe because it was Xmas or maybe because I don't like to wait for 4 hours but in any event, this did not meet the hype and in turn, my expectations.  To be fair, there were some outstanding dishes.  The prime rib, for example, was outstanding.  The dessert bar had a great selection of gelato and sorbets. . . Compared to other buffets it rates a 7 on a10 point scale.  By comparison, I would rate the brunch buffet at the Sheraton Grand in San Francisco is a 9.5.  The best is the breakfast buffet at the Shangri-la in Hong Kong [a definite 10!]. .  But all in all, I don't think it was worth the 4 hour wait.  On that note, I think the restaurant could do a better job of managing the long lines.  Knowing that there will be large crowds, they should let customers check in and either have them return at a specified time rather than wait in a long meandering line.  It gets tense and irritable waiting that long.
Came here on a Thursday night and we got in pretty fast since we were there early. The price for their dinner buffet is, by far, the cheapest I've encountered. All you can drink alcohol is a major plus, serving beer and wine.. . The Asian selection of the buffet was okay, but the rest were just subpar. The prime rib was too dry even though it was medium rare. The tri tip was chewy and the eclairs and cream puffs tasted like it's been refrigerated for a while. Went here because of the raves from family and friends but overall, I was disappointed.  Maybe I just expected too much...
So here's another "parallel universe" review... where the place where we ate, had the same address as the place other yelpers ate at... but our door must've been marked, "not so good stuff inside for you!" (?). . You may have heard from a friend about this buffet, or read the billboards coming into Vegas. That's what "wetted my appetite." As I was speeding into town for a trade show, I saw the word "Best" stood out on the billboard... alongside the word "buffet." And that' stuck with me from until Wednesday evening when  we drove over to the M for dinner.. . For someone who's visited Vegas from the late 60's until today, I know that Vegas buffets fight for that "Best Buffet" position in this town. What caught me off center was that when I saw the billboard, I missed the whole phrase, which is, "Best Buffet VALUE"... not the more direct "best buffet"... which this certainly is not. However, I do have some positives, and points of redemption, although minimal.. . Overall, the entree items were just OK to sub-par. The chicken enchilada and chicken tamale, sushi, Chinese food items, were not much better than fast food level. Their small offering of MIddle Eastern tabuli, hummus and stuffed grape leaves all had this weird taste. (?) The one item that saved it for me was the prime rib. And the best area of this buffet has to be the dessert bar. They have a gelato area with over 20 flavors. But other than that, this was sooo bad. It honestly reminded me of food you'd find at a Homestyle Buffet, which also reminds me of food in a chow hall. (and my references go back to things like "Midnight Chow" on the flight-line on Guam, circa '67... where chip beef on toast was the highlight of the day.). . Just to make sure it wasn't just me, I asked the opinion of a friend who lives in LV, and owns a delicatessen operation in town. She said they'd tried it, and it was, in her opinion too, horrible. We concured it was like eating buik packed frozen entree items you'd get from Costco. The saving grace was the staff. We found everyone to be very friendly. And I did give our server a healthy tip. But would I return? Only if I wanted to pay a little under $25 for unlimited wine, beer, gelato, cakes, pies and cookies. So if you've been doing some weed... and really have the munchies for sweets, beer and wine... this could be your place. . . And a footnote about "best value." The Barona Casino in San Diego County has a buffet that's about $24 list, with discounts on the buffet for joining their players club; you get about $8 off. But the difference there, is that the food is actually pretty decent. When I'm in Vegas, I'm not looking for a great value as much as great food. So yes, I would'a paid more for "better."
I clearly was not here when everyone else was - the buffet was poorly stocked and dirty - there was a wide assortment of items, but it seemed that  "hot" was reserved for the salad plates; many of the hot items were not even warm.  Maybe the unlimited beer and wine makes the food taste better.  The chef on duty did his best, despite being obviously understaffed.  When problems were brought to his attention, his staff who were previously unattentive to both diners and the food, did take corrective action under his direction. The items I sampled bore little resemblance to the photos that magically attached themselves to my post.  My only photos are of pretty empty serving dishes.  A high point of the dining experience was the dessert line, with its wide assortment of creatively presented items.  Overall, I found this buffet to be overpriced and under-whelming.  Maybe it was just an off day or I should have tried the unlimited beer and wine
Just got done eating here And i must say that it is a bit hyped ... . . The buffet was $36.74, and it entails a seafood buffet wit an assortment of seafood like king crab, steamed crab, raw oyster, lobster( which they ran out of ... So i didnt even get to try it ... SO UPSETTING) ..there is also an wide assortment of food from american to chinese to thai food. The pad thai and curry were really delicious, the meat selection was not that great .. It was quite disappointing . The absolutely best thing was the mac & cheese ! That was the most delicious thing ! The lobster ravoli is good to.. The lobster bisque soup is so salty ,... . The desert bar was pretty okay and they have gelato canister which is pretty impressive. All the food was extremely salty or extremely sweet . They need to put less salt and sugar ... Seriously. . The price includes alcohol but we were all to hung over so i wish they had a no alcohol option and made it cheaper.. . Overall, i would not come back here .
I used to rave about this place to all my out of state friends and take them whenever they came to town. After getting rave reviews and accolades, this place is going downhill. The quality of crab on the weekends is going down, so is the prime rib. I know its a buffet and you will be sacrificing some quality but thats what made the drive worth it........ . . Not horrible but if you're staying on the strip, stick to wynn or bellagio
I was so disappointed with the buffet. The salads were from days before the dressings on them were separated the noodle dishes were all dried out.  My cousin got the dessert crepe and it was dried out also.. On their website it states live cooking demonstrations on the monitor what they fail to tell you is it is the cooking channel with all the commercials.  I will NEVER go back and they charge $40 Horrible
Everyone rated this place so well but for a $40 "seafood" lunch, i wasn't pleased at all. and the $40 is for a small selection of seafood. . . Recommendations:. I would skip this place all together. It's not at all convenient unless you're planning to be in its vicinity.. . Where to go instead: . I still say Cosmopolitan is THE best buffet. It's about the same price for MUCH better quality. It's French style cooking and creativity is by far the best. They use high-end and good quality ingredients. You can find truffle flavored risotto and such things here.. . PROS & CONS of Studio B Buffet. . Pros: . Interior:. 1) The buffet is huge and seating was not crowded. 2)  Outside line was short and quick. Theres a warning of no parties greater than 4 but no one seems to follow that. Don't know what it's like at 11-1pm but we went there at 2 and the line was good. . 3) Covered & free parking lot . 4) Buffet  wasn't hard to find or far from the parking.. 5) high ceiling. 6) Noise level was low.. 7) Food line was short and there was no wait to get food. . 8) Servers were quick and efficient  . . Food:. 1) Free beer, mimosa, champagne and wine :) - weekend only?? . 2) Dessert was good. Lots of options and the ones I got, mango moose, pistachio moose and creme brule were really good. Gelato was great. . 3) Clean and service was good. 4) Crab/seafood during weekend.. plenty of crab legs for anyone to eat. 5) Prime rib was flavorful. 6) Snow crab legs were plentiful and flavorful. . . Cons:. Interior:. 1) Not that easy to get around the tables and railing. . 2) Food presentation wasn't all that great... . 3) Dessert presentation and the way it was laid out made it hard to find things.. or it didn't make it look appetizing. . 4) Far from the strip. . 5) This weekend, there was only one flavor of crab legs... is there more? . 6) There are dancing fruits looped on the screen... disturbing after watching it for 1 hour. . . Food: . 1) Lack of quality and food was done simply.. nothing special . 2) Mash Potato was TERRIBLE.. something so easy was botched... . 3) Sashimi & sushi was terrible. Quality of fish was not good. 4) Ribs were not tender enough.. didn't really fall off the bone. Needed a lot more time. . 5) Coffee was terrible... even though there is a coffee bar. . 6) Raw oysters didn't look appetizing.. or fresh.
We came here Easter Sunday. They had leg of lamb and a couple other additional items including lobster. The price was more than the normal $33.99, instead it was $49.99. Although the variety is better than must Vegas buffets, with the exceptional of Wynn, the price is certainly not worth it. The wait was long, although not longer than other buffets. The lobster was definitely frozen and the imitation crab stuffing was awful. The raw oysters didn't have any flavor and the leg of lamb was dry. I do have to admit the prime rib was good as was the lobster bisque. However it still wasn't worth the $49.99 price. I've had better, for instance, Wynn and Bellagio. Save the money and stick to those two, the drive from the strip, the wait and the price just isnt worth it.
I came here on a Monday so I missed the seafood buffet.. . Included beer is cheap, but I like PBR.  I will probably eat here again to try the Seafood Buffet only on a Sunday while somebody is trying to squeeze in that last bit of gambling before driving home.
I have been there twice and its alright.  It's crazy crowded, and organized strangely, it bottle necks in spots that will block the rest of the buffet. I wasn't really all that impressed with the food.  And do the plates have to be so hot you cant hold them? I will give them credit that their desserts are better than most but its not worth the drive out there. Slow table service Just more Vegas hype.
This place USED to be amazing. Came here for Sunday Champagne brunch as always when in vegas and every time it seems to get a little worse and some how more expensive. It started out very good, everything i tried used to be so flavorful, moist, and well seasoned. I guess the owners sold the place off and the money hungry big shots got a hold of it. . . Had a comp buffet plus a line pass for 4 ppl, so you're supposed to get treated as a special guest. We got in with no wait, but had to wait 15 mins while they sat people from the regular line before us. When they finally did seat us we walked in with a few other groups something like a 10 top, a 6 top, and 2 4 tops. They kinda seemed like they weren;t even expecting us. They sat us and we never got a server so after 15 mins I flagged someone down and he was kinda annoyed which is funny cause he was supposed to be our server in the first place. Go figure right? So even with some crappy service we still tipped 18% at a buffet, where most ppl tip like 5 bucks. Plus i spent about $20 in tip on the lady serving us alcohol. . . Food . * The Good. Charcuterrie, cold cut selection is not too shabby, salami, capicolla, ham, the cheese selection is a big plus because of the smoked gouda, and 5year aged gouda which are my favorites. Mimosas (self explanatory). . * The Bad. Clam chowder potatoes were undercooked, little watery for a chowder. Prime rib/turkey. Both were mediocre and cut paper thin. . * The Ugly. Crab Legs- the main reason i used to go to this buffet. Hot snow crab clusters which were perfectly steamed and delicious. NOW, they break them all off the cluster, and cut them in half. This does 3 things to the crab. Takes away all the flavor, make's it dry, and makes it impossible to get the meat out of the shell in one piece ( which is what makes eating snow crab legs so fun to eat) . . Overall. Service sucks, Food starting to really suck, only good thing i can recommend is When ordering mimosas from the wine lady. Give her  5-10 bucks and ask her to put them in the beer glass instead of the little champagne flutes. Yes you will look like an alcoholic, but at least you'll look like a smart alcoholic :). It also makes it easier on her and saves you extra trips to the bar.
Blandola, not worth the price...  . Despite the beautiful decor and ambience the raison-d'etre for this place is soooo disappointing...  . It took some doing for my wife and I to wake up early enough and get ready to make the trip to The M Resort in order to come to Studio B, we actually tried to make it to dinner, but something else always came up.  . . I am just sorry we finally made it, because it was a HUGE disappointment...  . . The food was severely lacking in flavor, seasoning and more, also many of the items were dry, I know it's a buffet, but common, it's a VERY fancy place!!! Also the taste just wasn't there...  Even the desserts left a LOT to desire, how they manage that is beyond me. Best item? The pizza bread.. . Save your $$$ and go to Sweet Tomatoes instead!!!  You'll be glad!!
Before you invest too much in this review, I must make a point to say I do not like buffets. Seeing as I now live in Vegas I thought I would try "the best one". It's mass quantities of sub-par food. The good news, although it's massive it seems like people get through it at a disturbing rate. If you are buffet fan, check it out.
The quality of this buffet has gone WAY down and prices way up since the first time I came here in late 2010.  I ate here with my bf on my way back home from Vegas for brunch and it was $44 per person, not including gratuity.  Price included unlimited mimosas, wine and beer, which wasn't optional.  This price is a RIP OFF, seeing that you can eat Bacchanal, Wynn or Cosmo buffet for around the same price for DINNER.  The food was in no way even close to what they serve at those places.  I think if the price was cut in half, I might have given it one more star.  . . Food:  . Selection is decent.  There is your salad and soup areas, bfast section with an omelette station, seafood with crab legs, cocktail shrimp and oysters, sushi, prime ribs and steak, and Asian food section including kbbq and Chinese noodles.  The have a small dessert section, and I say small in comparison to Wynn's and the like.  I really liked that they had an espresso machine where the barista could make you a fancy caffeinated drink.  . . Quality is just bad.  Crab legs are tiny and the meat is meager.  There is a slight aftertaste that I hate, which comes from not-so-fresh crabs.  The prime rib looked too well-done and the steak was also overcooked and just wasn't appetizing.  The rice on the sushi rolls were rock hard so I took off the rice and ate just the nori and the filling.  The lobster bisque was the worst I've ever had - can't really call it lobster bisque if there is no lobster in it.  Oysters were handled without much afterthought by the person putting them on the buffet line, and were not fresh.  Just anything I put on my plate, i took a bite of and gave up.  Even the chocolate souffle tasted like semi-wet chocolate flavored baby powder.  I felt bad for wasting all that food.  . . After the 2nd plate, I almost wanted to ask for my money back.  . . If you are in Vegas and want to do the buffet thing, stick to Wynn, Cosmo, or Bacchanal.
I first ate at Studio B when they first opened several years ago.  I was impressed with the overall venue, and the food.. I returned to the buffet 2 weeks ago and was disappointed.  I was looking forward to the sushi, and the rice was hard and dry. So sad!. The Osso Buco was large, but the bone was about 90% so there wasn't much meat on the bone.  The mac and cheese lacked flavor.  The Chinese food ok, but overcooked.. The buffet does have a large selection of items, but the quality of each item is not as delicious as when they first opened.  The food items were disappointing in  taste and quality of ingriedients..  The price was $39 for the weekend brunch, which is fine as long as the quality equates to or surpasses the price.This visit it did not, and I left unsatisfied.. I'll be checking out other high quality buffets on the strip, and won't return to the M until I hear that they've brought their quality standards back to when they originally opened. THAT was impressive!!!
This buffet is not worth it, at $40 dinner per person on Friday night.   The things that were good were the prime rib and the alcohol being included, but at $40 per person, you can get a better selection elsewhere.  If this buffet were $25-30, it would be a better value for the selection.  There was no sushi.
This buffet wasn't that awesome. I think Bellagio's buffet is better. The only upside is that they have all you can drink (beer & wine & lattes/coffee) and a pretty good dessert selection (I highly recommend their pumpkin or banana gelato). I wouldn't come back. It's definitely overhyped.
Back in the day this was the place to go. It had surpasses GVR to become the new it buffet for locals. Now it is very generic, but the free beers and wine does help its case. I got a few small plates to try a little of everything and there was nothing I would go back for.. . The galbi was tough. The marinade was good though. Most of the meats were dry. The Chinese section was old and needed replacing. . . We thought this would be a safe bet since we were flopping between so many types of cuisines. Instead we all left feeling unsatisfied.
We came here for lunch on a Saturday.  It was $39.99 per person! I was thinking it must be damn good for 40 bucks.  Sadly, I was disappointed.  It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't $40 worth of goodness either.  I did like that they had beer and wine at no additional cost.  There was a wide selection of entrees to choose from.  However, the desserts were lacking and I counted about 6 flies buzzing around the dessert area. Eww! I don't think we'll be going back especially at that price! There are so many better buffets out there for less than half the cost.
Let me say in the beginning, we have been to the seafood buffet several times and in the previous times, more than six months ago, it was outstanding, the food was well seasoned and well prepaired and the variety would have riivaled any buffet anywhere.. But, I just returned from the Saturday morning Seafood buffet, and, I will probably never return...thefood was bland, half labeled, hot foods were barely warm and the selection was greatly reduced from my previous visits.  I don't mind paying $40 a head for something really special in a buffet, but this one is nothing more than mediocre.  What a shame!  They took a truly great signature buffet and turned it into a glorifies "Chuck Wagon"!
We loved this place when it first opened, it was my favorite buffet, but then we kinda a took a break and hadn't been back until now, we heard it might have changed, and boy they did!. . You can still get free wine and beer, the soups and artisan breads are good, the desserts are good, but the rest of the buffet is hit or miss.  Here's hoping they restore the quality!
Was here on April 13th for dinner, been about 9 months since my last visit, price jumped to $39.99 for adults and $26.99 for kids.  I was disappointed this time around. I was here with my husband and 8 yr old kid.  When paying for our meals upfront, I told the cashier we have 3 people, she rudely asked if it's for 3 adults... I guess the obviously short 8 yr old minion that is with us looked like an adult. SMH.  After we were seated and got food, the quality of selection seem to have dropped from last year. It seemed more simplified, nothing fancy.  Our waitress (plate cleaner more like it) was also oblivious to my hand sawing the prime rib I got with a dull knife, after she had stopped by 3 times and I was already almost done with my prime rib I finally gave up asked if there were steak knifes and she said "yea".  Eh, after seeing my husband and I both having prime rib on our plates, wouldn't the first visit to our table ring a light bulb to get us steak knives anyways!?!  . . Food quality has gone down, the selection of unique food seems to be less.  I did not see some of the other dishes that they had 9 months ago.  For $115 for the 3 of us and the experience was very disappointing.  For that price I'd rather just go to a steak house and have better food.  This time around, I was not impress, especially with the prices up, I would expect my experience this time around to be at least the same and was not.  Don't think I would come back again.
Went to Vegas as part of a Los Angeles holiday last Christmastime, where we intended to partake in some Sin City gluttony by visiting Bacchanal at Caesar's. When that plan fell through, we instead went to the Studio B Buffet (what a lame name) at the M Resort, based on online reviews that paints the place as just as good as Bacchanal. Or so that's what my aunt told me.. . The M Resort is so far away from the Strip that it is technically located in Henderson proper. Quite the drive to get there from the Vegas core. The admission prices are much cheaper than the Vegas premium buffets on most days. Great, until you find yourself in a two-hour long lineup, having to endure screaming kids, an infinite loop of TV promos depicting the resort as a sexy oasis (in the middle of nowhere), and the wafting stink of cigarettes from the casino floor.. . I have never waited so long in my life just to eat at a restaurant. It's quite possible that they were trying to stall the line so we end up paying the higher dinner price instead of the (if i remember correctly, $18) weekday lunch rate. But by the time we got to the counter to pay (the lunch rate, whew!), holy shit, there's another lineup! One for small parties, another for groups of five or more. And it was not moving any faster. Heck, the shorter comp line didn't fare much better than the two-hour hunger we endured. I sure was "hangry" (very hungry + angry) at this point. I wonder why my stomach acids did not eat me from the insides from all this excessive waiting.. . Only when we were finally led to our table, did we see how much of a mess this place is. It is a giant restaurant, with a lot of seating, half of which were empty or were still left uncleaned long after its patrons have left. What the fuck? I bet most of those in the lineup to get in could be easily accommodated in the empty tables. The incredibly disappointing level of disorganized and inefficient management and spotty service left much to be desired about the buffet experience.. . The food however was quite a joy. There's a good mix of Asian and Western food available from the servery. I enjoyed the prime ribs and salads. And I love watching people line up to get king crab by the plateloads, as well as those bearing handfuls of unlimited complementary alcohol, which I did not take advantage of. Beer was the last thing on my mind when all I want to do is eat to death after a long-ass queue.. . Our server was kind and polite, despite the lackluster attention to service detail Studio B was exhibiting. (It's also fun to read the staff's name tags that states where they are from.). . Suffice to say, I would not return to this middle-of-nowhere mess of a place. To begin with, I am not easily impressed with all-you-can-eat buffets, a concept that I consider to be overrated (after years of enduring bad Chinese buffets back home). I sure as hell will not line up and wait a long time to eat at a restaurant ever again--you have to be insane or very desperate to do that. Unless I suppose the lineup leads into Bacchanal--still curious about what that place is all about.. . Should you choose to eat here, I absolutely DO NOT recommend you come in a party larger than four. Studio B is incapable of handling large groups on a busy day. In fact, we almost elected to break up our party of 7 into two separate groups to get in, if it was not for a little 'social engineering' (more like taking advantage of the confusion staff was exhibiting with seating organization, who insisted we not break our party up). The poor folks in front of us were not happy to see we were let in ahead of them.. . Also, the washrooms (or restrooms, as Americans call it) are located outside the dining hall. Right next to where the queue curls up. Be sure to say hi to the lineup... or warn them about what a mess it is inside.
Went here for a last minute Mother's day trip.  . . They were offering a special Mother's Day menu - not impressed.
After all the raves I have heard about this buffet, my husband and I finally decided to give it a try. We must have waited in line for 45 minutes before finally getting seated. But for what? There were empty table all over! That seemed to be a bit ridiculous. If the place was completely packed, I would have understood, however it wasn't so they definitely need to work on turning over tables... . The food: mediocre at best. A lot of the food was cold to luke warm. Whether it was the lateness of the hour (although we had 2 hours before the buffet closed) or what, I definitely like my food hot. So that disappointed me.. . The dessert:  probably the best part of the buffet and the reason for my 2 stars.  The meringues were excellent! Perfect consistency and just the right bite to keep you wanting more. I think I had 5.  And the pecan tart? AMAZING!  One of the best I have ever had.  I usually don't enjoy desserts at buffets, but these were worthy of being sung praises! So they need to make sure they hang on to their pastry chef, because the desserts were yum, yum, delicious!. . The waitress was great also, she kept our drinks full and our table clear of empty plates, but was that all enough to plan on another visit?  Maybe not in the near future.. . All in all it wasn't a horrible experience, but not the best either.
I don't like buffets.  There... I said it.  Long lines. Mediocre food. IKEA tables.  So why review Studio B?  Because I can do what I want.  This is America, pal.  I also visited several buffets while on a recent trip, so... I'll give you my worthless feedback.. . I tried the lunch buffet at Caesars, Cosmo, Aria, and M Resort.  I've been to Studio B before and, like the last visit... it's average.  The line to get in, however, is ridiculous. We waited well over an hour.  They had one woman working the cash register.  You had a line to get to a line to get to another line and people bumping into each other. Oh, while I'm at it... parents of little kids... do NOT bring your baby to a damn casino. Are you out of your mind?  Get a sitter or stay your ass at home.  Don't subject your baby to all that smoke.  Also... it's Vegas.  Take them to Disney World, instead. Ugh.. . Ok... done with rant.  The food here is so-so.  They do, however, offer a lot of things. They also offer free beer and wine.  It's awesome.  It allowed me to tune out the kids who were running all over the place (nearly knocking people over in the process). Back to my rant.  If you DO bring your child to a casino, try to be parents.  You know... don't let them run around.  Tell them to quiet down.  Good lord.   Also... get a leash.. . Would I go back?  No.
Came in line at 12pm and to give you an idea of our line placement, the line wrapped around twice before reaching the front. Seems relatively short - or so we thought. We got to the front and paid at 1:30 only to wait in a second line before getting seated. We finally got seated at 2:10. WTF a 2+ hr wait on a WEEKDAY? For this wait, I was hoping that the food would be mindblowing. . . FOOD: While there was a huge selection, the quality of the food was comparable to HOMETOWN BUFFET or GOLDEN CORRAL. It was low quality food placed in an upscale setting. Well guess what? The food is still shitty. Huge selection of desserts and only a few tasted edible. . . SERVICE: our busboy was extremely rude and took plates that we were still eating from. Didn't ask if we were done with them or anything. Also, he never came around to ask if we wanted refills on our sodas even though everyone in the table clearly had empty cups. . . Also, the $5 discount for Californians only lasts until 7/31/13. The BF and I had to pay full price which was $15.99 each for lunch to eat hometown buffet quality food. Even for $10.99 I would not return b/c the damn wait is ridiculous.
I used to love this buffet. I went to the buffet last week to find that their food quality and selection has decreased. There are so many much better buffets in town. One of the most disappointing things is that they now serve pre split crab legs which is clearly a cost saving measure. They were flavorless, filled with grit and get cold fast. For the price they charge for their buffet, certainly they can afford to serve quality food.
After a friend told me she had a great experience here, I told my parents they should try it while they were in Vegas the week before me. My parents loved it, so we planned to go. . . The wait was about an hour and forty minutes.  We went on a Saturday, which is seafood night. I knew we would have a long wait but wasn't expecting THAT long. . . We were sat at a table with a nice view. I as so excited to eat. As I went to the buffet I was expecting to see a lot more than I did. As for seafood night, not worth it AT ALL.  Save your money and go on a non seafood night. I really didn't see all that much seafood. Crab legs (which are cut in half for you but so little meat in them it seems pointless), shrimp, clams, and a couple other things. Barely any though. The food was ok. I was expecting a "wow" but never had it. . . The desserts were good. They had a nice selection. I tried a tiny bit of about 6 things. Tirimisu, lava cake, creme brulee, gelato, bread pudding. All were good. I had a pudding thing that was awful.. . In short, I will not be back here. Ever. I have had worse,though.
I don't understand why this would be the best buffet in Las Vegas. The food was mediocre and the service was extremely slow. It could be that beer, wine, and espresso are included in the price. I don't drink any of those, so that was of no benefit. You can find a buffet anywhere in Vegas comparable or better than this. I was disappointed and will definitely not be returning.
This place used to be so good. But it's really gone downhill. Tonight the prime rib was so tough I couldn't eat it. The shrimp was really tasteless. I was really disappointed
This buffet really isn't as good as the other reviews may lead you to believe, but given that there are at the time of this writing 1,177 reviews averaging 4 stars, this jab won't even register. . . Here's what's wrong with Studio B:. Absurdly long lines, even with a line pass. You may see people paying within 30 minutes of getting in line, but then there's the wait for a seat. After you leave ask yourself if it was worth the 75 minutes you waited. . The food hasn't changed in three years. There's noattempt at sourcing what's in season. Why bother with watermelon in November when you could instead replace it with another seasonal dish, even if it meant one less fresh fruit?. The sushi is bad. All of the sushi on Buffets is bad. Stop acting like its something special and get out to a place that serves sushi. . The pizza is bad, and it's easy to cook good pizza, especially if its something you serve every night of the year for three years straight. . There's no effort given to the espresso drinks made at the desert counter. Look at the pitcher they are steaming the milk in and the steaming wand. It's disgusting - it should be made with fresh milk and clean equipment each time. . The bread is stale. They put out way too much and it gets stale. Period. . Frozen crab legs and defrosted shrimp aren't anything special. They sell these in your grocers freezer and you just thaw them. Stop acting like you've died and gone to heaven and stop piling them 16" high on your plate. You can always come back and get more. . The plates are hot and ruin the already bad cold dishes they have. Warm lettuce? No thanks. . Their Asian dishes have fancy names, but they aren't that good. Seriously, as you eat them, ask yourself if you'd ordered this in a restaurant if you'd ever go back to get it again.. . There are a few pluses which set them apart from comparably priced buffets in LV:. Free booze. That's a nice touch. . Easy to get really rare, bloody prime rib, which I do love. . Decent cheese and olive selection. . The raw oysters are a nice find on seafood night. . . Do try this place if there's a short line. Otherwise, think hard about it and ask yourself if it's really worth the cost and an hour of your time.
It was okay. Nothing crazy. I mean all you can eat crab legs and oysters was my highlight.
They've slipped, but still good value.  Maybe the seafood special nights are better.  Buffets are just not for me.
I have no idea what all the hype is about for this place. Came on a Sunday for the brunch. There was absolutely no line, which is a tell take sign that the place is no good. Literally everything I had on my plate was bland. The spaghetti had some of the worst marinara sauce I've ever tasted and the sushi tasted old. To top it off, it was $40. I don't mind spending money on good food, but this place was awful.
I have been coming to Studio B since it first opened. Even when I moved away to California in 2010, I would come to Studio B at least ONCE if I visited Las Vegas. . . Like many have mentioned, Studio B includes alcoholic beverages in their buffet. They give you the choice of red wine, white wine, zinfandel, champagne, beer/lager, or cider. Then on the dessert end of the buffet, you could definitely request an Irish coffee.  Best part? Unlimited. You are allowed as many glasses as you would like as long as you don't vomit everything you ate back onto the buffet floor afterwards. I suppose depending on whether or not you drink these, this would be a home run for you. However, for someone like me -- who can barely eat her fair share at a buffet let alone drink her fair share of alcohol ... it is not something I look for in a buffet.. . Studio B's prime rib is absolutely delicious. I'm not quite sure if I'm saying this because I was absolutely starving after the 3 hour wait to get in or if I really thought it was delicious. I couldn't really tell you. I could tell you that it was good. I've had prime ribs at many other buffets before and when I had Studio B's on Thanksgiving night, it definitely left an impression. . . There is a definitely good variety of food. They have seafood on weekends. They have a sushi corner, fruit corner, salad corner, Asian, southern, Italian, meat cutting stations, and a dessert area. I'm sure there's more but I can't quite remember. Some of my favorites (from the past and from recent) would probably be the spicy jellyfish salad, spicy cucumber salad, prime rib, fruit and dessert areas!. . The service? Could be good or could be bad. It really depends. We've had a server who actually told us that wet towelettes are one per person at a table when we went one time for their seafood buffet. Forreal? You going to tell us that? Yeah, we switched servers and the next one just grabbed a whole bunch and plopped it right on our table. Our most recent server for Thanksgiving night -- her name is Pat and she is amazing. Quick, fast, and just an overall happy person to be around. . . Price? I suppose you can say it's decent for a Las Vegas buffet on the strip. And when I mean strip, I mean far end of the strip that no one really knows about half the time. It's $40 per person for their Dinner Seafood buffet, which is offered on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays. Monday-Thursdays Dinners are $24 per person. I find their Seafood dinner buffets on the pricier side. When they first opened, it used to be at the lower end of the $20's and seafood was offered every night. Back then, Studio B was a steal. It was literally the BEST BUFFET in Las Vegas. Now? With it's price, it's average standing to me.. . But there are more good points than bad points! Why only two stars?! . . As I mentioned prior, I was at Studio B for Thanksgiving dinner. No, I don't mind the 3 hour long wait to get in the buffet. The line to get into the buffet is typically long if it's good right? Especially on weekends on holidays. . . When we got into the buffet, I pigged out. Yeah, I ate a little bit of everything that looked good. I had some assorted sushi rolls because I was craving for some spicy tuna and they had it. I typically avoid their sushi roll section cause I'm always worried that they aren't fresh. But hell, if they have it out, it should be edible and safe. I also had some crawfish, clams & mussels, veggies, meats, oxtail soup, lobster bisque, etc. . . I was so FULL. I could literally EXPLODE. My stomach felt so HUGE. And then 20 minutes after, right before we got home, something felt VERY wrong. Like it felt  TERRIBLY wrong. I felt the need to hug the toilet. The were huge red flags and warning bells going off in my head. My father's driving started to nauseate me. And without a doubt, when I got home ... everything I ate had came right out. And like clockwork to every food poisoning event, sharp stabs of pain convulsed my stomach every so often -- making me curl into a ball on the ground. What did I eat? The only thing I ate different from my family (they didn't get sick) was the assorted sushi rolls, crawfish, and clam & mussels. . . What's even worse was that I had to skip work on BLACK FRIDAY because of this. Let me tell you, I work in RETAIL. That is close to the #1 worst day to miss while on the job. . . In the end. Two stars. Yeah the buffet is great and decent but if there are foods I HAVE to avoid eating just because you can't do it right, why bother? Just take it off. I have no interest in having a repeat of this fiasco. I'd rather pay a little bit more of money to go to a buffet that won't make me sick and has rack of lamb on their menu. Thanks.
It all started with a plan...a plan to try their dinner buffet for $23.99 on a weeknight with unlimited beer and wine. I can't possibly say no to that, can you? That was the first thing on our agenda coming in to Vegas from Orange County. Traffic happened and we got delayed, let's say 3 hours delayed form our original plan. We called to inquire what time they would put away the food if we came right at 9pm which is their closing time. We were assured over the phone that we will have more than enough time as long as we get to pay before the clock strikes 9.. . After holding our breaths and skipping out on stops for a bathroom break, we finally made it to Studio B just 3 minutes shy before closing. Whew! . . The place wasn't busy at all so I wonder why it took a while for them to take us to our table. Our table was finally ready but our chairs were wet and sticky. I asked for them to replace the chairs but the server assured me it was only water so she wiped it off and left it there for me to sit on. Eek!. . When our server greeted us, we were assured once again to take our time with the food because they'll have it out until around 10pm. I heard him but as I was going through my rounds, I decided to get everything I wanted before sitting down to eat. I literally had 3 plates in front of me and a bowl of soup before I started digging in. . . 30 minutes in and they started shutting off the lights and pulling out the dishes from the buffet. You're kidding right?! If I had listened to our server and the person who answered the phone, we would've been screwed, big time! . . The rest of our party was quite upset. We had other dishes we would've wanted more of or some to try. I didn't even get the chance to hit the dessert area. Although that one closed later, I was too busy eating my main dishes before it got cold. Unlimited beer and wine alright but guess what? I only got one glass of cider. Boo!. . If we all lived in a perfect world and we got here on time, I would've been able to muster a 3.5 stars for the price and value. . . Their oxtail soup is one of the best I've had. The hot and sour soup was something I went back for while their prime rib was dry and a bit rubbery. Everything else was forgettable. Ok food + fair service + horrible experience = 2 stars. I've definitely had better!
Came here because friends highly recommended it.  Paid $40/person including kids for Holiday Seafood Brunch.  Hardly any seafood.  Food was average compared to Bellagio.  Wasn't awful like Bacchanal.  If I paid the normal price, would have given it 3-4 stars.  Good selection of food.  Deserts were good.
The average (tasted like how it's suppose to taste, but nothing special):. Prime rib . Crab legs (quality varied, some were soggy). Ravioli. Espresso . Flan. . . The disappointments:. Bread rolls and pita bread were stale . Sushi was mostly rice, very thin slice of fish. Steak was over cooked . Fried seafood were bland (calamari, shrimp etc). . . Boyfriend and I had high expectations for this buffet since he remembered it as being one of the best ones he's had in Vegas. This time he only ate the prime rib some potatoes and spaghetti...certainly didn't get his $40 worth of food
