The good: The skill of the performers was great. They did some really great feats of strength, dance, agility and high wire acts which made me worry for their safety.. . The bad: The story was really hard to figure out so it seemed more like a jumbled mess of stunts with no commentary or other clues as to what it all meant. All 7 of us in our party felt about the same way.. . I've seen a couple of Cirque Du Soleil shows and, contrary to what another commenter said, I thought this fell well short of any of those.
My personal opinion:. I think the word that describes this show best is weird. It was just plain weird. True the theater is well engineered and there are few if any bad seats in the house. The better seats are up high because you can see more. I understand that it is supposed to be a dream this chick is having to help her determine if she should date this guy or something... it was still weird. . I came to see more a more cirque like show. There were a few high dives but I was disappointed there weren't more. There was only one really high dive which was really disappointing. There was a strange solo dance where the male dancer kept flopping on his back on the hard surface it wasn't impressive it just looked painful...it reminded me more of Jackass. . There were some strange guys from the 50's or something that didn't really seem to fit into the play anywhere and did some tired jokes. . One bright spot was when two large, strong men did some amazing acrobatics with each other. Overall I would say it isn't worth anywhere near what they are charging. I think the show has potential to be great but is not quite reaching what it could be.
Got repetitive, real quick. Too many things going on. I feel that every motion should be meaningful. This was not the case, it felt that half the times performers were waiting for their queue. One great thing about this is the stage. Anywhere you sit is a good seat.. Verdict: Go watch the O show instead.
I wouldn't have watched this show if it weren't for the two free complimentary tickets that I received for staying at Encore for two nights. This show is not worth $125 per ticket. Mabye more like $70 per ticket. I've seen lots of shows in Vegas including Mystere, O, KA (my favorite), and Beatles Love.. . -I felt that they spent too much money overdoing the show with stage changes and random props hanging from strings. They tried too hard to make it the most epic water-aerial show ever. You see synchronized swimmers splashing around in a large fountain, trapeze artists swinging from boulders,  dancers and martial artists dancing on sidewalks with water (which doesn't make any sense) , divers leaping off a 3-story set, and then four large flowers opening up at the end of the show! I don't know but what is up with Vegas shows and large, fat props? Is that how you're supposed to end the show with a big bang? I sat on the aisle so those fat flowers blocked half the stage, and I could only see half the cast during their curtain call.. Large, random props hanging from strings from dining tables to some creepy, giant, female mannequin do not help improve the show. It was like Alice In Wonderland on crack.. . -The plot was really bad. I couldn't tell what was going on. I couldn't even follow the story. The show would have been better without a story. I'll tell you the whole story just so you can save yourself a hundred bucks.. The storystarts out with a gentleman taking a woman out on a date. She waits for him and he doesn't come back so she falls asleep on a bench. Her dream starts out with a nightmare. The bald, male creatures of the night crawl out but later on become friends with her throughout the show. Can someone please explain to me why do most of the half-naked, male performers have to be bald?. The magicians do this magic trick on her where she changes her dress three times! Oooo! Throughout the show her dress changed from white to red to blue to red to white. What is the point to that? In fact, I already know how to do that magic trick. Think of the woman wearing a multi-layered, reversible dress. Now peel down the bodice as if you're peeling a banana peel to reveal another layer of a different color dress underneath. You get the picture. My advice is to stick with the same dress for the rest of the show!. The woman served no purpose in the show whatsoever. All she did was do one dance number. So why do they focus on her so much? The show could go on without her. . At the end of the show, she doesn't even wake up from the bench. She gets reunited with the same gentleman. They both dive into the water and then they crawl onto the stage and get into bed together. That was it? What was that supposed to be all about? She falls asleep just so she could fall asleep again (this time with a man and not on a bench)? There was no climactic ending to the show except for maybe the big, fat flowers we've all been waiting for.. . -There were some really dry, boring moments throughout the show. The aerials looked cool at first but it's slow. After watching aerial acrobats going up and down like yo-yo's half the time, it becomes pure torture. . . -If the show wasn't boring, then it was confusing. There was too much action going on at once that I couldn't tell where the focus of the show was. . . -The music sucked! They kept playing the theme song over and over throughout the entire show like a broken record. The composer that they hired was nowhere near the level of Cirque du Soleil.. . -Unless you love water shows, synchronized swimmers, and slow aerials, go watch another Cirque show such as Mystere, O, KA, Love, or Viva Elvis instead. They have far better acrobats that do incredible acts. Le Reve wasn't terribly bad but wasn't all that great. . . -I don't intend on watching this show again. I wouldn't recommend it to my friends. I don't want them to feel jipped. Think about it. If you had $125, how would you spend it? Going to Disneyland is much cheaper. At least I didn't have to pay to watch this show.. . -If you're having a "girls night out," skip Le Reve! Go watch Thunder From Down Under instead (unless you're under 21)! The Aussies are a million times more chiseled than the bald, half-naked men of Le Reve. Plus the Aussies are really sweet, down-to-earth, and very entertaining. You can even meet them after the show.
I judge a show by how many times I check my cell phone during the middle (don't worry I'm discrete).. . During La Reve, I excused myself and played on my phone in the bathroom.  I would rather sit through Constitutional Law as a 1L all over again.. . Boring.  Loved every Cirque (except Zumanity) and many other Vegas shows, so this is the standard to which I hold La Reve.  It failed.
This show was  an expensive snooze fest.  What there is of a plot is boring, the music is spacey, and the peaceful sound of flowing water put me to sleep.  I would not recommend this show and I would not go back.  I've been to Cirque shows and loved them.  Not so with this show.  The venue is nice and customer service for getting the tickets was great.  There are better shows in Vegas.
I was SO excited to see this show, but was just not impressed.  Seemed to me like a small-scale watered down version of O.  It was not terrible by any means, but for being one of the most expensive shows in Vegas, I was disappointed.
The theater is very nice, built in a circle around the pool, so I don't think there really is a bad seat in the house. Some of the sets they do with the water is very nice as well. . . I had two problems with it, the first is the story, it does not make sense. Both my wife and I had no idea what to make of it. The second is they do a lot of neat stuff in the water but it's not that exciting. The only exciting part really is when a diver gets taken up into the roof out of everyone's vision and then dive's into the pool (they seem to fall forever they were so high). That was exciting but the problem is that was about the only thing.
I received a note from a member of the show, and he highlighted that the cast is more diverse that the night we went to the show, including many people of color, and gay folks.  The guy was very cool and shared a lot of helpful information.  Hence, the added star.    . . Like me, the cast member isn't comfortable with the homophobic (and unfunny) scene that I describe below, and presented an alternative, which was vetoed.  Clearly, there are larger powers (ie Wynn management) at work, if your own employees say something isn't appropriate but it's still kept in the show...  . . I hope Steve Wynn's team realizes that this poorly written, unimaginative joke mars  an amazing show, and that it's costing them paying customers.
The Wynn and Encore are incredible venues and the man has made sure to create an environment where people can feel like their money is well spent. From the incredible rooms to the exclusive shopping (Alexander Mcqueen & Manolo Blahniks) to even the exclusive buffets (with a live cook directly in front of you). I expected a luxurious and upscale experience from a show inside this resort. The theater was beautiful. I unfortunately cannot say the same about LeReve. Wynn claims to have spent 100 million on the productions of the show and I must say, it does not show. Other than the fact that the main character is inside a dream, it is hard to figure out what exactly the storyline is but I could not at all make it out to be the love story people are claiming it to be. The performers work their hearts out, especially the ones doing the synchronized dancing inside the water, however none of them ever get an individual moment to shine which is unfortunate. Aside from the huge ball at the end of the show, there are very few moments to single out and if there were any, they might have easily been missed due to the extended hour-long sensory overload. The randomly mixed in moments of comedy seemed entirely out of place. I am not a cheapskate but $115 a whole lot to pay for a show, in line or maybe higher than most other great shows. Not worth your time or money in my honest opinion. Also, not worthy of being named after the Picasso the man purchased for an undisclosed amount.
The theatre was beautiful and the stunts were great. I have to admit I found myself falling asleep half way through, Dream I did. So maybe thats why its called La Reve??. It was just the same thing over and over and over again. .  I have seen most of the shows in Las Vegas and you should spend your hard earned $$ on O at the Bellagio or maybe Copperfield. You can sleep when you get back home.
We decided to see this show based on rave reviews and were very disappointed that we wasted our time and money. My husband said it best: "Maybe their reviews were so good because those people hadn't seen Cirque du Soleil's O and didn't know any better" and I tend to agree! Le Reve's venue and sets were beautiful and the performers were good. However, there wasn't much of a wow factor (we both fell asleep) andthe plot was odd and unclear. Go see O instead! It's worth every penny!!
Just not very good at all.  Most of our party of 7 people were bored half way through the show, and nobody liked it much.  Some of the comments from our group.... . I don't get it.  Makes no sense.. . I feel ripped off.  At half the price it would be too expensive.. . I want that hour of my life back.. . Could have been half as long, it was too repetitive.. . None of us will see any show at this hotel again unless we know exactly what it is ahead of time.  The only reason I didn't give it one star is that there was about ten minutes worth of good acrobatics and entertainment packed into this hour and 15 minute show.  It's close though.
I haven't reviewed any shows in Vegas for a while. Decide to write a little about this because apparently it's the most disappointing part of the whole Wynn property. The performance looks like a cheesy knock-off of the Cirque du Soleil show "O" without a soul. There was hardly any acrobatics, the music was not for my taste at all. Story-wise, although I didn't get what they were trying to tell in "O", I couldn't figure out what Le Reve is about either. But when you don't enjoy any other part of the performance, the whole I-don't-get-it thing is really bothering. 20 minutes into the show I was already so bored and thought to myself that when the first time I watched "O" how amazed I was only 10 minutes after the start. To make it even worse, the clowns doing magic in between the acts are extremely awkward. It doesn't fit in the show in the first place and the story isn't funny at all. Meh, please show us something else when you need your performers change their outfit. For those of you who maybe reading this inside the theatre, just don't leave yet, the ending scene is probably the only thing that worth your money. I got so excited when everyone was coming to stage - I knew it was coming to an end, finally.. . Oh you know why they have to perform in water? Because the whole show is so dry..
This show was supposed to be "Best Show in Las Vegas 2012." but I do not feel it lived up to the HYPE. .      Let me give you an honest review of this show.  Starting off with the seating arrangements which are extremely close together. I'm only 5'3 and when I sat down my legs where only max 1 inch from the seat in front of me. The guy sitting behind me was obviously larger and kept hitting my seat during the show which was not any fault of his just really tight spaces..       If I had to describe the show in one word it would have to be "cheesy." Not anywhere close to what I was expecting. There was one water scene where the performer was just throwing himself on the ground and acting like he is playfully splashing in the water, looked like an adult throwing a tantrum in a puddle. Every act had performers flying up, down and around in the air by wires, reminded me of a bad high school play were you could see Superman's wires...wasn't impressive back then...guess what...still not impressive today..      If you like watching people dance in the rain and splashing around in puddles for 1 1/2 hours this is the show for you. But, if your looking for that amazing moment that just takes your breathe away and keeps you talking to people about it for days or weeks...this is not the show for you..     I wish I could get my money and most of all our time we wasted back from watching this show. If you don't believe my review feel free to spend a minimum of $311.00 for two tickets. If you want leg room you'll have to purchase the VIP tickets which are $180.00 "PER TICKET!!". Good luck...
I heard such great things about this show, so I was really looking forward to seeing it and then very disappointed with the end result. . Why I didn't care for it:. First, you definitely have to be a fan of synchronized swimming. It's 80% of the first half of the show. Also within the first half, there was so many things going on in various places of the stage, I wasn't sure where my eyes should go. . There really isn't a storyline, it starts out as having one and it very quickly vanishes. It really is a dream, as none of it makes sense, lol. . The second half got a little better for me when it really went into what you expect out of a Cirque show - the: "How did they do that?" factor. . Overall, I could recommend many other shows over this one.
I have never been to a similar type of show as Reve. I actually bought the tickets thinking it is a cirque du soleil production, which it wasn't :-) There is lots of great acrobatics, and some pretty scenes and beautiful colors especially at the end when the flowers pop out of the ceiling. Howeverthe story line was not very clear, there was too much going on all the time which made it difficult to focus and truly enjoy. The synchronized swimming was actually not very synchronized all the time :-) . . My 5 year old daughter was with me which was a big mistake. Most of the performers were half naked and if dressed they might as well have been naked, and frequent parts with suggestive dancing. NOT recommended in my opinion for kids below 13. Cannot comprehend why they would allow kids as young as 5 to enter. Found myself often wishing it would end soon so I could get out!. . The stage is nice, theater is nice, but overall, I thought it was a waste of money. Not my cup of tea.
After a coworker of mine said he saw this 3 times, claimed it was way better than Cirque Du Solei, and even bought the soundtrack, I had extremely high hopes..  Sadly it didn't live up to my expectations:((. The good points: it was in the Wynn and we were at Encore, 10 min walk from our room, the theater space is intimate and quaint, the performers have an interesting look, and its pretty trippy but its just missing the major WOW!  factor. In fact I was most impressed that they didn't slip with all that fancy dancing in the water... . Save your $150
Beautiful soundtrack, good visuals, messy choreography... . I cannot say I am impressed. I have seen numerous Cirque du Soleil shows (Mystere, Dralion, Quidam, Ovo, O, Zumanity, and Zarkana) and decided to give La Reve a shot after coming back to Vegas. However, the stunting and acrobatics performed in La Reve really cannot compare to those of Cirque for a couple of reasons.. . 1) Sustainability - A Cirque act lasts for maybe 10 minutes but a La Reve act lasts for maybe 5 minutes. The performers in La Reve just do not have the strength and stamina to pull through stunts continuously. They break out in dance in between to take a breather.. . 2) Artistry - Overall, I felt that La Reve's choreography is incredibly messy. Many of the routines are replayed over and over again (such as synchronized swimming) and hence, there is not much creativity. Propsto the Latin ballroom dancing scenes, but that isn't exactly a wow factor for a show that's supposed to rival Cirque.. . 3) Humor - Cirque clowns do an amazing job at making people laugh. La Reve tried to input some humor but the "clowns" in La Reve could not pull it off. Many of the jokes were overused and expected.. . With all that being said, the soundtrack of La Reve is amazing and I enjoyed how the performers walked/performed their way down the aisles so if you are planning to see it, definitely get an aisle seat!
The stage is beautiful, the sets are beautiful.. The story and music were blah.  We were disappointed and fell asleep.  I looked around and we weren't the only ones having a hard time keeping our eyes open.
I had high hopes, but i was not impressed. this is the first show i started falling asleep with. It came with my hotel when we stayed there. It had high flying acrobatics with water. the performers come from the roof hooked to cable. I didn't really hate it i just wasn't impressed. Glad i didnt have to pay for it.
