My husband & I had a couples massage at Vdara for our anniversary. Although the spa is beautiful, the therapists are inexperienced. The massage was mediocre. We had a hot stone massage and my husband repeatedly told them the stones were too hot and the therapist laughed and said you want "warm stone not hot stone" well if a client is warning you "it's too hot" you should listen so you don't get sued for burning someone. My therapist was nice, but you could tell she was inexperienced. I don't think they had enough stones for the service.  I wish we had just paid the extra money at Canyon Ranch spa and gotten the massages there.
I give it 2 stars and that's being nice! The look , feel & location of the hotel is great but the customer service SUCKS! From the front desk to the manager of the hotel.. they are certainly not customer service oriented.. and that is HUGE for me! I found a great deal for this hotel on Hotwire.. so I was extremely excited. We get there & they charge me a $240 deposit because I didn't have my credit card and I was using my debit card at check-in.. ok, i get it. What I don't understand is that they told they would "hold" the funds until check-out.. when in reality, they debited the funds and I'm still waiting for them to refund me.. I checked out on Tues. of this week. If you have a choice, I would suggest you stay at the Aria or the Mandarin Oriental.. but if you're on a budget or the price is right.. then this place will do.
I just recently stayed at the Vdara with some friends, and our experience there was 'OK'.  . . 1) Upon driving to Vdara (if you've ever stayed there), it is a bit difficult to locate its front entrance.  Yes, it's on Harmon Avenue, but once you've figured out that you have to drive 'up' the driveway and loop around via facade of the Aria, you finally get to the 'hotel.'. . 2) They do not have any self-parking, which is great/fine, but of course this immediately sets the expectation.  Complimentary valet should only be the beginning of the seamless experience you 'should' have.  . . 3) The front desk attendant whom assisted us seemed to be more concerned with exposing her beauty regimen all over the front counter where her computer is situated.  This should have been the red flag to let us know that the employees of the Vdara are more concerned with their lip gloss application, versus the paying guests of the so-called 'hotel.'. . 4) I get it, the Vdara was suppose to be a condo building, but given the mortgage crisis, they had to convert the property to a hotel.  It would have been all said and done, if they followed through with the vision.  What hotel on earth only has 1 bed in EVERY room?  With three guests, we had a Queen bed with a pull-out sofa bed.  Good luck on finding any guest who is willing to be a returning guest and sleep on a sofa conversion again.  If you're going to be a hotel, make the investment on getting some double beds into your suites.  . . 5)  Upon entering the room, the room was clean and modern.  (Give the 'hotel' another 6 months and the beige carpet will turn into a deep brown color.  Good luck on steam cleaning those carpets on a regular basis.)  Nothing to really complain about on the room... we head out for a long joyous evening around the town.. . 6)  Returning to the room at around 1am, we are all quite exhausted and want to call it an evening.  That's tough when the room is not stocked with any sheets or pillows for the sofa bed.  Vdara, if you're depending on your sofa beds to fully substitute a bed, make sure you have the sheets and pillows already in the room.  Who on earth wants to call and request them at 1am?  Additionally, if they already knew there would be 3 occupants, its a no brainer to already have the sheets/pillows in the room.  . . 7)  We had then made a request for some champagne flutes and bowls to be sent to our room.  (i.e. we were out in the town during the day and wanted to return to our room to have a couple glasses of champagne with some snacks.  Thus, we called the 'hotel' to send up some flutes and bowls to our room, so that we could immediately take in the wonderful view of the hotel room.)  6 hours later, we return to our room with no champagne flutes, nor any bowls.  We called the front desk, and there was no apology for the delay.  Of course, we wait in excess of 30 min.  Unacceptable in my opinion.. . 8)  As a no gaming hotel, no restaurant, at least keep your mini convenient store open 24hrs.  What good is it to have a kitchen in your room with a refrigerator, when you close your lobby grocery store?  (Also note, dinnerware and utensils are upon request only.). . 9)  I can not remember during any of my travels where a hotel secures their iron to the ironing board via bungee cord.  Your guest don't want to steal them, and if they did, just charge it on the room.  Having your irons closely secured to the ironing board is just plain stupid.. . 10)  On one of the days we were there, we decided to go sit by the pool.  Who wants to do that if the bar is not even open?  If you're going to open the pool area, you should open the pool bar.. . I know, I sound like a tough one to please, but really, much of this is a no brainer in operating a '5-star hotel'.  Vdara, decide on what you want to be: a Condo building, or a Hotel?  You shouldn't advertise yourself as a hotel, but keep the service level of a Condo with HOA fees.. . In all, I would have rather stayed at the decrepit Circus Circus Hotel.  At least they are not posing to be a 5 star (Orbitz rating) hotel.  I'll pass on this one.  Next time I'll stay at the Cosmopolitan.. . I would like to give them 1 star, but I'll rate the Vdara with 2, given the rooms were nice (for now).. . My suggestion:  If you're looking to stay at a full-service hotel, don't stay at the Vdara.
If one is looking for where MGM cut corners on city center, look no further than the Vdara. It feels like a movie set, looks good from a distance, when you get up close you realize it is a facade. The carpet in the lobby is lumpy and frayed, there is wallpaper in the hallway. I was far from impressed. No comparison between this place and the mandarin oriental.
I am very torn on how I should review this hotel. So let me break it down.. . Pros:. - Beautiful new hotel. Everything is clean and top notch. The decor is very chic and trendy.. - The rooms are all suites, therefore it's like having your own mini apartment. This is nice if you had to stay here for awhile. You have your kitchen, bedroom, bathroom, and living room.. - Beds are extremely comfy. As soon as you hit the pillow you are asleep (or maybe that is from all the late night adventures :-). - Overall the staff is very friendly.. - The gym is awesome! Tons of cardio and weight machines, as well as free weights and yoga mats.. . Cons:. - They did not have any restaurants. They only place you could eat was the Market Cafe, which is not that impressive. Not to mention it is only open for breakfast and lunch. There is no place (other than room service) that is open for dinner.. - It is far away from everything (except the Aria & Bellagio). You defiantly have to walk a bit to get to the other casinos.. - It does not have a casino. - It's extremely hard to get a taxi. Each time I needed one, I had to wait at least 20 minutes each time. . - The cleaning service was not good. They left a mess in my room, a mess that I did not originally make.. . Guess after re-reading my review, I would give it two stars. When you think of the endless amount of hotels they have in Vegas, this does not compare to half of them.
Would be a great hotel in anywhere else, but in Vegas it a meh. But hated their check-in scam. Tried to add $18/night to rate (was told it was required) for WiFi - I have an iPhone). When I asked to see the manager, it was "waived".
If u like modern, clean, no casino noise, no smoke... this is the place to be! . . ... HOWEVER, I DON'T LIKE THESE THINGS... so i would NOT come back!. . This is my third trip to Las Vegas, in previous times I've stayed at The Imperial and The Gold Coast... and if you're familiar with those two hotels , you're probably cringing right now, but i like to slum it when i go to vegas.  I figure all I'm going to be doing in a hotel room is sleeping, so as long as it's reasonably clean, then I'm good... the Vdara was a little too clean for me.. . This place is like living in a starbucks.  It's clean, it's modern, and it's expensive (well, for me) .. not necessarily for the stay, but for everything around the stay, to purchase in the hotel or for any additional services in the hotel.. . I really did not like the fact that it's a little off the strip, and you're forced to walk through the Bellagio, Aria or Cosmopolitan in order to get to the hotel.  Yes, there is a street to walkdown to get here, but due to the sidewalk disappearing at a certain point it involves crossing the road and it's a very indirect route.  Initially i thought this would be okay, but then hen stumbling back to the hotel room intoxicated late at night, I found it to be a big pain in the ass.. . . This is a very quiet hotel.  Don't expect anything to be open after 10pm... so if you're looking to get away from the strip, then perhaps this is a nice choice for you... for me, it was not.. . As petty as it seems, i was annoyed by the fact there was no coffee maker in the room.  I had to go down to the lobby wait in a fairly long line just to get my morning coffee.. . The pool is very nice! But it's on a side of the hotel where all the sunlight is blocked from the pool deck til about noonish... which would probably be very nice in the heart of the summer, though i stayed here in April, and I wanted sun anytime i was outside, so that didn't work out all that well.. . I also bought a Sunwing Vacatation package for a flat rate per night, but then when i got to the desk I was forced to pay an additional $18 a night for various hotel convenience fees such as the "complimentary" wifi... clearly they have an odd definition of complimentary here.. . Also, the rooms are set-up in a way where there is a sliding door for the bathroom which is not very soundproof... and there is no fan in the bathroom either.  So make sure you're very comfortable with the person you're sharing the room with, cause if you're not, your ears will tell you everything about them by the end of your stay there :). . Bottom line, it's a really nice hotel... just not for me.
quiet place in terms of vegas standards. there is 1 bar by the registration desk. the place is quieter, since there's no casino.. . recommend if you want to stay at a nice, low-key, quiet place on the strip.
We stayed fears for my friends bday weekend getaway and they had suites in our price range.. . Cons: far. There's really no direct route to get here. It's either you go through Bellagio or through the maze of city center. I would choose the Bellagio route.. The bathroom does not have ventilation.. There's nothing in this hotel but market and small cafe.. Young people tend to stay here. At about 3 am the hallways get rowdy.. . Pros: I like how our suite had kitchen, even washer/dryer. So if you want an extended stay hotel, go here.. . I wouldn't go back. I think.
Absolutely not a 5 star hotel as is advertised on several sights.  Nor a "spa" hotel.  We looked and requested a list of services, which we never got.  Our room was dirty and the pull out bed wasn't made up.  We found tags, batteries, the stove top in the kitchen was filthy and garbage in the drawers in the room and the garbage under the sink was overflowing.  I called down to ask to have it cleaned ASAP and it still wasn't done the next day.  Took 2 calls to get sheets for the pullout bed.. . Pool area was a disappointment, we called the concierge and front desk to try to get reserved seats and were told "there are plenty of chairs."  No place in the evening to get food unless you order room service, which was lackluster.  No coffee pot in the room and despite being advertised as having a kitchen area, there wasn't anything in it except a sign saying to call if you wanted it equipped.  We weren't looking to cook dinner, but a few glasses would have been nice.. . It's a walk through, up, down and around to get anywhere---either through city center or the Bellagio.  Again no one could explain the tram that runs to the Monte Carlo or that you could take a walkway to the back of the Bellagio.. . Bathroom was spacious and nice, good view of the Aria, but overall we wouldn't stay here again.  Too far off the strip to be worth the money and no amenities.
The room was nice and valet service was very quick and nice but that was about it.  I've stayed at many hotels in Vegas (Aria was the previous) and have never had so many gripes about a hotel before.. . We arrived at 1am on a Monday and realized we didn't pack toothpaste.  Called the front desk and were told it would be right up.  Didn't realize it would take more than 35 minutes for them to be "right up".  If it was a busy weekend I would understand, but it was a dead Monday morning.. . Resort fees... one of the most dishonest business practices ever.  These 'resort fees' should have already been included in the high price of booking this hotel.  They display a dishonest price when booking and then slap you with these fees which are nothing more than to be used to generate more revenue and to display a lower room price.  I will never return to a hotel nor ever recommend anyone to a hotel that charges a resort fee (and a high fee for this mater).  $18 + 12% tax.. . Aria (which probably has some resort fees too now that I think about it since it owns Vdara) had some nice front desk staff, so does MGM signature.  The front desk staff at Vdara are definitely not the best.  They must have put out their worst staff for the weekday mornings.  I've just gotten off the phone with a Vdara front desk worker who was so rude that I had to come on here and write up this review (and I don't review often...).. . Stay away.  You can do a lot better than this.
I went with my friends for 2 nights. We booked this hotel through an agency. When we check in, it takes us an hour because their computer froze. We booked 2 rooms. However, one of the rooms still wasn't available and we checked in around 11-ish. When we go to our room, there is only 1 bed and a sofa bed for 4 people to stay in. . The sofa bed is the worst part !!! It doens't come with any sheets or blankets and we have to call and ask for them. We have to place the sheets ourselves. We went up to them and asked for a room that has 2 beds for 4 people. The staff said, "there is no room with 2 beds in Vdara. I tried the sofa bed myself, and it is very comfy." The truth is, when we sat on the sofa bed, we were sitting on the springs of the bed and onto the bottom of the bed. . I am not sure about people live in Vegas drink coffee or not in the morning. I cannot believe there is no coffee machine in the room even though there is a small kitchen. For everything you need in the room, you will have to call the services every time. It is very inconvenience. There is internet, but it does not support much on the phone data. VERY SLOW !! Laptop sometimes doesn't even connect to the internet. Customer service is bad. . The view is very good. If you are travelling in single or with one more person, the room is ideal for up to 2 people only. I am not looking for super great hotel, but comparing to other hotels I have stayed in, vdara's lobby sucks and nothing attracts there.  I will not come back to this hotel !!
NO CASINO in this hotel. We took the Tram from Aria to check out this place and asked someone who was cleaning the trash cans if it has a Casino and they said Yes but when we got there, NO CASINO.. =( So we went to Bellagio instead.
A large group of us (14ish) stayed here over the 4th of July weekend.  The bulk of our group has traveled to Vegas multiple times, and we've stayed at the Venetian/Palazzo for the past few years.  We thought we'd try the Vdara for a change.  My thoughts for the Vdara for a group trip:. . -While the hotel is super nice, it's better for couples who enjoy quiet time, or young families with small children (under the age of 2).  My husband and I had our own room, which was nice, but the rest of our group shared a room for four people.  This was a bit tight, at least in the standard room.  If you want to stay four people to a room, you're way better off with the Venetian/Palazzo, whose rooms are much bigger.. . -The pool is small, but there was no shortage of seats on Saturday or Sunday.  We rented a cabana on Saturday, which supposedly has room for eight, but really, it's better for under four.  There are only four sunbathing chairs (direct sun, no umbrellas) and you *might* have room for another four in covered TV room, but it was tight and just not comfortable.  So NOT worth the $200 (or $250 on a holiday).  The upside was getting use of the little rectangle pools in front of the cabanas, but again, not worth the cost.  On Sunday, we reserved a couple of day beds, which are wide chairs that sit two or three friends comfortably.  This is a much cheaper option, as you only have to meet a $100 food/bev minimum, but if you're with a group of three or more, you can EASILY spend that on cocktails and water.  You don't get use of the little rectangle pool, but you do get umbrellas and your own waiter who never lets your drink get empty.. . -The location is fine, you can access the hotel from the Cosmopolitan (gorgeous!) or Bellagio.  I was worried about walking to the hotel in the July heat and it was so not a big deal.. . -They still have service issues.  Our friends had two adjoining rooms - one got cleaned, the other did not.  My husband and I were woken up at 8am on Monday morning because room service kept banging on our door.  When we finally let them in, they gave us a couple of coffee pods for the coffee machine.  Problem:  the room didn't have a coffee machine.  When we called the front desk, they didn't know what we were talking about or why they delivered the coffee to us.  Mistakes happen, but at 8am, it's a bit tougher to overlook.  . . Overall, I would not stay there again.
First off... if there are only 14 adjoining suites in hotel of 1400+, please don't make it seem like there's a reasonable chance I'll be getting one. If the tiny detail had even been alluded to during one of my numerous phone calls with the hotel to inquire about this particular amenity, the reservation would've been cancelled promptly on the spot. And why is it mentioned only AFTER I'm checked-in, angry and disgruntled? HATE.. . Secondly, the staff needs to know it is NOT OKAY to let themselves into a guest room when bringing sheets and pillows requested 2 HOURS AGO, and said guests have given up on waiting and fallen asleep. It scared the crap out of me, I swear if I was sleeping with a gun under my pillow, housekeeping would have gotten shot.. . Crying babies, uncooperative front desk clerks,  tsking security...I felt like I was staying at a youth hostel.. . Silver lining: awesome pool and cabanas. +1 star.. . But otherwise...I HATE THIS PLACE!
Desk handle's falling off, door handle's loose(gr8 security), the room phone doesn't work, there's no coffee in a suite with a kitchen, the pool/jacuzzi is closed at 4pm, and THE ONE real restaurant, Silk Road, is closing tomorrow!..NEED I SAY MORE?. A few days later...at McCarren waiting for flight out...Yes, it was a good deal...loved the non smoking, but since basically there wasn't a real restaurant, that long walk in the cold and sometimes rain(which should be covered) got us to/from the Aria, or anywhere(except the Bellagio) we wanted to go.  The other annoyance was that the pool/jacuzzi closed at 4pm...at least the jac should have stayed open later regardless of the time of the year.  The hotel should put a small non smoking casino in the space where Silk road restaurant is vacating.  But the City Center is a great location.  I think next time we'll look closer at the Aria or the Mandarin Oriental(probably more $$$), or elsewhere.  SW gave us a nice package with flights.
1.5 Stars! . . Good. Nice bed and pillows.  . View was nice---facing Bellagio. Room was clean on day 1. Customer service...mixed... so/so at best.. Non smoking or gambling hotel.. . Bad. 1st... we were there to enjoy Las Vegas... and we did...so... not really hung up on the room but there were issues. . . Left room on day 2 @ 0700 requested the room be cleaned... back to the room at 1530 and no maid service... not cool. . Broken phone. Fridge didn't cool. Shower pressure was almost like pouring out a bottle of water.. if that much pressure. Really low... made getting a shower a PITA! . Overpowering potpourri smell in the entire hotel.. Iron was chained to the ironing board... 1st time I had seen this...even in low budget hotels I've never seen it.  Maybe there is an iron thief in the building? . Noise from the room above... . Electrical outlets did not work (3x). . . . Conclusion.... . We will not stay at the Vdara  again...  it's touted as a upscale hotel but it's smoke and mirrors... it's a 3 star place..  . If you are looking to stay at in a nice suite... smoke free and casino free...  spend the same money and go to the MGM Signature.  Much nicer suites, great staff... just a nicer place to stay.
Overall, just too many things wrong to make me a repeat customer.. . Despite paying resort fees that included 2 complimentary bottles of water a day, my room was never cleaned and the bottles were never replaced. My stay was a week long, so they had many chances to get it right, but didn't.. . Be prepared to wait in long lines throughout your stay. The lineto check in was huge, cab lines were huge, the line at the marketplace on the first floor was long enough to have me skipping breakfast most days. (And on the one day I did manage to wait out the line they were out of Advil... and I could have really used some Advil that morning).
Watch out!  They charge $67 to your credit card if you don't check out.  These "resort fees" are not included in the cost of the hotel.. . Crappy customer service.
good value for $$$ paid but so many little things wrong with this place that could be easily remedied?. . pros - value for money in terms of square footage, no casino to walk through and get lost, non smoking, easy walk to aria/bellagio but have to go outside though covered to get to bellagio. good sheets/bed, modern decor. Aveda amentities.. . cons:. 1 hr to check in!!!  slowest check in, in the world?!?. cockroach! as we were leaving and I was writing this, cockroach!! gross!. . not sure what my $20 resort fee went towards, if there were supposedly 2 bottles water/day, I didn't see it. perhaps for the free wifi. . in our panoramic suite - 2 phones in the small bedroom, but none in the kitchen nor living room.. . I liked the sofa bed in the living room - good for one of our kids to sleep in. . Blackout shades were NOT blackout - in that there were gaps every 3 feet and in the corner of the room! which of course, hit the bed! which is the most important part. . I came with a group of 5 other friends/couples. we asked to have our rooms put together. NONE of them were together. one was 1 floor down. one was floor 48 one was floor 58, etc etc.. . no pen/paper easily accessible to jot phone notes. . . When I made the reservation months ago, I asked to have a connecting room. When I checked in, I was told "sorry, can't do that." So they gave me room 28.001 and 28.011 But we also happened to have another room booked under my mother's name, and somehow that room was connecting to 28.001 (it was 28.003), but somehow seconds ago, he couldn't get me a connecting room? what a messed up system?. . They should just have the rooms stocked with the utensils, etc. or at least napkins?. . my friend's room didn't have a coffeemaker. . Bathtub looked deep but was really wimpy.. . parents got the room service - said the food sucked.. we got locked out of our room - if someone in the room turns the special thing - then you are locked out. Later our keys didn't work.. . concierge told me she booked grand luxe at palazzo - when we got there, the restaurant said we had booked grand luxe at venetian! luckily it was fine.. . my friend got the 2 bedroom 2 level - said it was very vertical and not good. then she got the 2 bedroom flat suite and it was NICE for the master bedroom and ok for the other bedroom. but great view in the living room.. . so next time would go with the 2 bedroom flat suite - room 54.004 or similar.
There is some good points. . .it feels "fancy". . .each room has a really nice bathroom with large soaking tub and full kitchen area. Although fairly useless to have such amenities for our short weekend stay, I can see how this would be excellent for a longer term stay. . . However, some of the fanciness seems cosmetic as you start to realize the workmanship quality and service is sorely lacking. We actually had a large piece of crown molding just fall off the wall when we opened the blinds. This was hanging over the bed and had nails sticking out of it.. . Also, although the main bed is extremely comfy - the pullout bed is wildly uncomfortable. I've rarely been at a hotel without the option of double beds. I didn't think this would be an issue because I've been on many sofa beds in my life and although they aren't great, they usually are tolerable. This was like lying on a bed of nails. Ridiculous for a "fancy" hotel - they surely must hear this complaint on a daily basis. Also, when we informed them we were going to be needing use of the pullout bed, instead of making it up for us, they just left a pile of sheets on the sofa. Seriously? How much per night to make my own bed?. . When we brought up the piece of molding falling off and the sofa bed, we were met with apathy. No apology. No "we'll get right on that". More of a shrug and a we'll get to it when we get to it. No here's a free room upgrade or coupon/voucher for something. The girl at desk actually seemed annoyed we were bringing up totally valid issues of comfort and safety. . . They eventually fixed the molding (doubt it was a permanent fix and likely more of a glue job) and added extra cushioning to bed after numerous requests. But it was not a painless experience and a supposedly fancy hotel should really know better how to treat a customer.. . Also, no self parking (valet only). I avoid valet when possible as I simply don't like strangers driving my car. So basically we ended up parking in Aria and going through insane series of elevators, stairs, trams, walkways, etc each time we wanted to go from car to room. Just a hassle when there is so many hotels in town with easy self parking that won't require an epic journey or to have valet retrieve your vehicle every time you need to get to car and back. This wouldn't be an issue for someone flying in, but if you're driving in, avoid for sure!. . So yes, on the surface seems like a really nice place. And maybe it is if you don't have your own car, only need 1 bed, or need a place with a kitchen. Or maybe you're someone that hates smoke so much they do not want to stay in any hotel with a casino. But if none of those things sound like you, there is a ton of better options.
I would give the staff four or five stars. They were very, very friendly and helpful. However, there are a few problems with the place.. . 1. It is not easy to walk to the strip. It seems the pedestrian experience was an afterthought. It should not advertise itself as being on the strip as it takes too long to get to it. The path seems completely made up at the last minute of construction.. . 2. Overall, it's like the place was not really finished. They say the rooms have kitchenettes, but no plates, cookware, or anything else are supplied without calling. The doors don't have pull or push on them, and they are large. There is no self parking, so it is time consuming every time you need to get your car.. . 3. While the price of the room is reasonable, the price of nothing else is. $15 for a martini? $6 for a latte? You're kind of trapped within the Center, and the prices of all food and beverage are much higher than the rest of the city.. . The room is very nice, but the total experience is lacking.
Pros:. . Beautiful rooms. Real close to the Bellagio. . Cons:. . Pathetic help:  from front desk to housekeeping to pool help. Something is real wrong with HR. . . A MAJOR HIKE to the Strip, or anywhere except the Bellagio. . . Nothing to do there except hang out in the  beautiful room.
Rooms are big and views from the upper floors can be stunning. A few things need to be changed, though. Called for extra sheets and it took more than 30 minutes for housekeeping to come up. The water pressure in the shower was poor and for a place that wants to market itself as a high end hotel, this is not acceptable. There is a $22.40 resort fee every day, which includes WiFi so I guess I paid $22.40 for WiFi daily. The exterior already had broken glass/plastic on the floor above us that we could see from the window. The sofa bed is not comfortable.. . Check-in was easy as was check-out. There is no casino, which can be either good or bad depending on your personal preferences. Also there isn't really a restaurant but the deli does sell bottled drinks and alcohol. If you want to walk to another casino, you can walk mostly indoors to the Bellagio, which is a plus, but if you want to go to the Cosmopolitan, you have to walk outside and down the stairs then across the driveway leading to the hotel. All in all it was fine but I don't think I would stay again.
This hotel feels a bit like they were in a hurry to finish it up. 2.5 stars. Things I liked were : No casino in hotel. No lines at check in the night we arrived. Over all calm at the hotel. Close to Bellagio, Aria, and Cosmopolitan. House keeping, when they showed up, did a great job. Also when we called for anything it came up right away. Of course, the main reason the price (regular nights). . Things that made this place get the poor review:. Too loud music in the lobby the night we arrived. No slippers or bathrobes in the "suite".  The black out blinds had  2 inch gaps, making them not black out blinds. Sofa bed length was too big for the "living room" space. The sofa bed mattress was unusable making the room not as advertised four person accommodations. Which normally we would not have had people share that kind of space but it was New Years and last minute so there you have it.  Small area in bathroom and one sink. Kitchen and entry area were rather large areas and wasted space, they could have used in any other area. Closet area was small and had weird placement of small safe. The room felt compressed and New York sized. Very few food options, especially after 7 PM.  My phone never worked while there and no ipod deck in room.
(-) confusing entrance to the hotel. (-) no casino. (-) small deluxe suite . (-) small pool area . . (+) it is near Aria & Cosmopolitan.. . I wouldn't stay here again.
Trying to walk to this place from the strip is confusing, frustrating.  You walk through the (smokey) Cosmopolitan casino, then go to a dark elevator or stairway, ultimately walk some more, end up at the front desk.  Check in and check out were slow and inefficient.  They do ask elevation preference (gave me a 30th floor room, nice view).  The elevators are fast, rooms clearly marked, cool opening mechanism for key cards.  This whole project apparently is a failed condo, so there are kitchens in the rooms.  The room lights were really confusing, irritating.  The bathroom was clean, with both a really nice shower and a deep tub.  The towels were plush.  But no mouthwash-  at this price point I expect better.  The room was somewhat noisy, poor acoustics in regard to neighboring rooms.  The real positive of this hotel is that it is not in a casino, and it is nonsmoking.  The downside is how hard it is to walk to/from this place without walking through a circuitous route via smokey casinos.  I don't think I would stay here again.  They just don't seem to have their act together.
Stayed at Vdara in early December 2011. Stayed here because of the location and the price they gave me. The trip from the airport was a troublesome. they had the marathon running the night I arrived. So, the shuttle driver tells me and this couple, which they were staying at Cosmo, that he was dropping us off at Planet Hollywood Towers and we would have to walk from there. So after the, I figured a good mile hike across the pedestrian bridge, Crystals and Aria, I arrive at Vdara tired as hell. Most complain about having to wide their way through the ropes at check in. I would have done this with no problems. No organization what so ever at Vdara. 2 people at the check in desk. People are just walking up and cutting in front of me and others who are waiting for the desk clerk to wave us over. Thought since I was nice and patient, I thought the clerk would at least offer an upgrade, which I would have taken, but no. She offers it to the man next to me who doesn't speak any English. So after getting my keys, I head straight upstairs and realize what view I was getting from the curve in the hallway. Got me a nice glimpse of the backside of Aria all the way down to Mandalay Bay and THE Hotel. Unpack, plug my phone in, and jump in the shower so I can go to dinner next door at Cosmo. Water pressure? What water pressure? Flamingo has better water pressure than these guys. I know its eco-friendly, but come on. Small cramped bathroom, especially the toilet. Shallow sink, so be careful when turning the water on or you will splash everywhere. Housekeeping never replenished my toiletries in the 3 nights I was there. I know it was a short stay, but I would like enough soap and shampoo to make it through the visit.The bed was very comfortable. TV worked just fine. Security checks every night at the elevators which is very nice. The best part of the hotel? The hotel bar, Bar Vdara. And the drink of choice was the Black Dragon. The bartender told me he has seen people just sit there all night and down those drinks. It was very delicious and I could see how you could just sit back and down those all day and night. Will not be staying at Vdara unless someone else is paying for it haha.
The wesbsite definitely paints a different picture with their videos. We were hyped up watching the video of the deluxe suite and were disappointed to find that it was not what it seemed. Don't get me wrong, it is a nice place to stay. The room was modern and clean but compared to other rooms I have experienced in Vegas, this is not one I would boast about. The kitchen did not even come stocked with necessities and would only be provided by request. The bathtub was nice but compared to the amazing jacuzzi tub I experienced at Palms Place the night before, it was just ok. I was not aware this was not a gaming hotel. I personally prefer to stay in hotels that have the convenience of walking downstairs to gamble. This hotel is a short walk from Aria and Bellagio but still a walk and all you ladies know that any walk in "Vegas heels" is not a fun one...lol. We were also disappointed that there were no full restaurants at this property. I highly doubt we would stay here again with all of the other options at similar if not better price points.
Definitely not up to par to most 4star hotels. Service is poor!! No pool service or really any service. ROOM SERVICE is awful. Entirely to small common areas. Seriously room service has no idea what they are serving did they fish this out of the dumpster next door and microwave it?. . Rooms are nice but lots of broken parts. Still here as I post this and still frustrated with management and staff no resolution to. Few issues brought to the attention of staff. . Will avoid in future!
CONS. * booked a 'winter package' for my folks. supposed to have 'welcome treat' upon arrival. took an hour and a half to receive, after several calls to dining services. weak.. * charged $35/nite for modest upgrade, although i am an M-Life member. * charged $20/nite 'resort fee' - which basically means 2 small bottles of water. total joke and rip off.. * no coffee maker in my 'deluxe room', only in parents suite. even then, only 1 pod of caffeinated coffee per day, had to go into hall and ask maids for extras, which they nicely gave.. * no outlets bed-side. you have to be kidding me.. * Vdara market is a hectic, stressful experience. customers climbing all over each other, yet the service is a slow as hell cluster f&#ck. people bumping into one and other, 20 mins to get 3 smoothies (@$8/piece), customers complaining that the coffee dispensers empty. dreaded going there.. . i mean come on, vdara. you have european appliances in the kitchens, high quality fixtures and materials and you cheap out on the basics? i suggest you return to Hospitality Management Training at your local community college and apply those principles to your property.. . PROS. * smelled good inside hotel. * free valet parking. although i guess you end up paying for it in the end with the 'resort fee'.. * maids were nice and gave an extra coffee pod. wooooooo!. . will i stay here again? if its free, yes. if it costs me a penny more? nope.
WILL NOT STAY HERE AGAIN.. . Yes the rooms are nice and the amenities are convenient (like the kitchenette) but the customer service can definitely improve.  I loved the bell desk service and the valet but we did not have a very enjoyable stay. . . Our room kept having this clicking sound that kept us up all night.  We tried turning off the AC since it seemed to be coming from the vent but that didn't fix the problem.  We tried looking in the closet, opening and closing doors, etc etc etc and it persisted.  Finally we just fell asleep since we were too exhausted to complain to the front desk.  . . The next day we decided to ask to be switched to another room.  The rude front desk lady said nothing was available (and this was SUNDAY aka the day everyone checks out).  She promised somebody from maintenance would come up to check the problem and IF there was something wrong THEN we would be moved to another room.  HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE.  We waited and waited and nobody came up.  Finally the bf called again and this time a nice gentleman upgraded our room and waived our resort fee.  Yes I appreciated this greatly but would have been happier if they had just comped one night of our stay.  . . I do think this hotel is beautiful but honestly I'd rather stay somewhere with a casino. And of course our stay wasn't that great because of a bad stroke of luck and a very moody person at the front desk.  I might consider staying at Aria in the future but if I'm going to dish out our [saved] big bucks for a nice room, I think I'm more inclined to go somewhere like Encore or Cosmopolitan.
If you value customer service, Vdara is NOT for you. First off, I, like other reviewers here, laughed at the iPad carrying employee who does nothing. . . Anyway...they lost our reservation. Took the desk clerk 20 minutes to find it. It's a good thing we brought our documentation. Our room wasn't ready so the desk clerk explained to us that we could not check in and would have to wait an hour. My wife objected and replied, "I'm not waiting in that line again." The clerk took down our cell numbers and said she'd call us when the room was ready. The red flag began to make it's appearance. . . Go to the bellhop desk so they can hold our bags. "You have to take your bags to the guys outside and they'll hold it for you." What? Why is there a bellhop desk inside if we have to go outside?. . Of course, our genius clerk DID NOT call us when our room was ready. We had to call them. So, we finally get to check in and were obviously distraught. The new desk clerk was actually very nice and handed us a Cinco De Mayo flyer for "special" appetizers and drinks at the pool.. . We checked in, the room was nice. It overlooked the Bellagio and her fountains. The closet doors, when open, block the walk way. That seemed strange and inconvenient. If you like brain teasers, you'll have fun trying to figure out the room controls. Anyway, the room reminded me of TheHotel lite.. . Off to the pool for some quesadillas. Settled into our poolside space and spent 20 minutes trying to flag down a server. Finally got to place our order..."The kitchen is closed." LOL, after all the promotion the nice desk clerk did for the Cinco De Mayo pool party, he forgot about the kitchen hours. 15 minutes later, our waitress shows up with the drink and I'm waving to her as she walks by. A few minutes later, she finds me, "If you saw me why didn't you say anything." Wow, really?. . One of the towels in our room had orange-red stains on it. Nice. There's no bottle opener, so be prepared to bring one. There is a wine cork opener, I used that to loosen up my beer cap (No it wasn't a twisty). I can say that the wine pricing at their general store is pretty good.. . There seems to be heat lamps in the elevators.. . Check out: The iPad person does some work. For some reason, the ropes that organize the check in check out line were gone. We create a makeshift line where 2 other parties line up behind us. The thought is, we get the next available clerk. There were 3 desk clerks working. HOWEVER, the iPad person tells everyone to make 3 lines. Wait a minute, if my clerk takes awhile, the people behind me can get helped before me? Didn't happen to us, but I watched a poor sod get jumped over twice by people who were behind him, and the iPad person directed them to the speedy clerk line.. . We won't be staying there again. Never had these issues at the Wynn, Venetian, Aria, or Mandalay (The Hotel).
Small pool, inconsistent service, overpriced under quality spa, and watch your bill for incorrect charges.. . I got a full set of gel acrylics at the spa. They were all peeling or broken off within 2 days.  Waste of money and time.
Amateur Hour at best.. . First, do yourself a favor and google "Vdara" and "Rude" and "Incompetent".  . . Check out the hundreds of results. When two words like that produce copious results from a search-engine, you know it's not an isolated incident.. . EDIT: I originally wrote a vaguely negative review after two days here.  Now that I've been here for four days, I have a much better perspective.  . . And the situation is a good deal worse than I originally thought.. . Summary:  Anyone who has given Vdara more than a one-star rating is, frankly, someone who has never stayed as a guest elsewhere in Las Vegas. Vdara simply does remotely compare to their competition.   . . The hotel is at a five-star level in terms of the quality of the room, fit and construction.. . The staff, however, is so abysmal...across the board...across the dining department, the housekeeping department, the front desk...it truly defies explanation.  . . Or rather, the explanation is simple:. . Ownership is tight on money and they've (under-) staffed the place with inexperienced teenagers.  Literally.. . So:  If you have no expectations from a hotel other than a bed, you will be happy.. . If you want spotty-internet for a $20/day resort fee, check right in.. . If you don't mind every single employee being either a) rude or b) unknowledgeable, then again, this is the place for you.. . Want to sit on-hold for room service for 15 solid minutes on a Tuesday night?  Again, Vdara has you covered.. . Want to spent 45 minutes discussing paying for an upgraded room, only to learn after 45 minutes that no rooms are in fact available after all?  Vdara is your place.. . Honestly, I don't have the energy to detail too much what is wrong with this place, other than simply saying:  the ownership clearly doesn't care about you.  . . Try Aria, Cosmopolitan, MGM, Luxor...hell, even the Imperial Palace or Terrible's Casino is staffed with people who could run circles around the kids at Vdara.  It's embarrassing.  . . If you are under 25 and have never stayed at a hotel other than a Motel 6 on the turnpike, then you might like Vdara.. . If you have even the tiniest experience in travel for business or leisure, and have even the most limited of alternatives to compare this place to...then you will likely be very, very disappointed.  . . Really, unless you are a college student on spring break...this place is just plain embarrassing.
Nice, modern look, good room service, free valet. Although it is not RIGHT on the strip, you have to walk through the Bellagio or Aria. You also must pay a refundable incidental fee at check in which I wasn't informed of upon making my reservation. And I was told different amounts when I called 4 separate times. Operators didn't seem to know the correct prices.
My husband and I prefer to stay at hotels without a casino so we don't have to deal with the crowds, smoke, and noise when we don't want to. Vdara seemed like a perfect fit because we could party at Aria and Cosmopolitan and then retreat to a high end condo hotel. The hotel was nice enough for our discounted mid-week rate, but I would have been very unhappy if I had paid full price. The views are impressive, the check-in and concierge staff were great, and the valets are fast, but the bed was so firm that we had a hard time sleeping and the AC was hard to control ( too hot or too cold). There were some issues with housekeeping and service that you would not expect at such a high end condo hotel.... . We picked a hotel with a full kitchen so we could cook breakfast (I have prediabetes and need to watch what I eat). The kitchen is empty. No silverware. No dishes other than two coffee mugs and no pots or pans. You have to call housekeeping for everything. And "everything" did not include a cutting board, sharp knife, or scrub brush for cleaning. When the maid cleaned she took my dirty coffee cup and frying pan and didn't replace them so we had to call down for more the next morning. Seems like a waste of my time and the staff's time. . . The hotel was also out of laundry detergent for the rooms so even if you wanted to pay a premium for it you couldn't use the clothes washer without going shopping elsewhere.. . The refrigerator had one regular coffee pack and one decaf. There are two of us in the room, couldn't they spring for two regulars and two decafs so we wouldn't have to call housekeeping for more coffee? And no tea? Most people pay $300 a night for this hotel...I think the hotel could cover the cost of some tea bags. The people in the room next to us were a family with adult children and they had the same problem (including only getting two place settings for their entire family...lol). They also pointed out that the fold out bed was horribly uncomfortable for their kids.. . We booked a cabana and it was advertised as having the capacity for 8 people. I really think that 4 is the maximum if you want to be comfortable in the heat. It took over 40 minutes for a server to check in on us in our cabana. After that the service was a little more regular (every 30-40 minutes), but not what you would expect when paying for a cabana.  I was glad we paid the discounted mid-week rate for the cabana. We did, however, really enjoy the pool food and privacy of the cabana pool.. . We really liked the location and would only stay here again during the mid-week discount (but would select Trump over this hotel when we don't need to be near City Centre). This hotel will not be worth the weekend rate until they work out the kinks with their housekeeping service, AC, and invest in comfortable matresses.
Major problems with communication and standardization of service. . We had to change rooms FOUR times due to lack of cleanliness...and I don't mean some trash left over in the cans. I mean smudged windows, mirrors and left-over food in the fridge. . In each room, different amenities were present or not present. Sometimes there was soap...sometimes not. One night we got a splendid turn-down service complete with little candies left on our pillows. The other twonights, the room looked barely touched. Sometimes we were left with a couple of waters in the fridge, sometimes 4 and sometimes none. . Some amenities for the room, like silverware, dishware, cleansing liquids and cookware are only available on request, but you don't always get the same standard items. We were brought plates, but when we washed them, they were taken away and not replaced. We asked for laundry soap and were told that the hotel was out of stock. I looked on a housekeeping cart outside my room and there were about 10 boxes of it on the cart. . Our keys were deactivated for no reason and, when I called the front desk, the clerk had no record of us in the room. I suppose they deactivated the keys because they thought the room was unoccupied. Hmmmm..... The coffee shop is run and manned by children who do not communicate with each other. I was there 10 minutes and saw two transactions where lack of communication either caused the hotel to lose money or the customer to lose product. . All this said, each interaction with a SINGLE PERSON is lovely. Housekeeping and support staff are kind. Front desk were helpful. Manager (named Kendall) was extremely professional and apologetic. . However, there is no standard of service from floor to floor - much less room to room. . Vdara has real promise. It is smoke-free and health oriented with a FABULOUSLY appointed gym/spa and pool area. The decor is beautiful and well matched. . It could be a real gem on the strip, but this type of hodge-podge service is unacceptable. I hope that the staff are well treated and, if not, get off this ship before it sinks.
Wow!  I used to really enjoy staying at the Vdara.  After our recent stay here, I'm having to reconsider.  What hotel room doesn't have a coffee pot now-a-days???? We asked the concierge if we can get a coffee pot in our room. He said the only rooms that have coffee pots are the suites.  He said he would call and see if there were any extra coffee pots available.  The concierge called while we waited.  We were told there were no extra coffee pots available. So what does that mean, if a coffee pot in a suite breaks, they wouldn't be able to replace it for the guest.  Not likely! So we had to go to the little cafe inside Vdara.  Two small cups of coffee and two danishes totaled $27. Hmmm ~ maybe this is why the Vdara doesn't want you to make coffeein your room.. . A day later, we return to the concierge for assistance is obtaining tickets to a show.  This was a different concierge, a lady.  She was practically as useful as the man the day before.  She didn't want to look for the tickets.  She said she has never filled a request to get tickets for The Bodies Exhibit and Titanic.  The reason we went to her for the tickets is because I called the Exhibit to get tickets and they told me the Vdara concierge can take of it for us.  The Vdara concierge acted as if she didn't want to deal with it.  However, she finally picked up the phone and asked another employee and she was finally able to figure out how to get us tickets.  . . The only time we have ever gone to the concierge for assistance...I thought their purpose was to GLADLY assist the guests. Not at the Vdara!
Against my better judgment I decided to give the Vdara a whirl which is supposed to be comparable to the Trump, except it's on the south side of the strip.. . First impressions: beautiful lobby; front-desk girl was flawless. The rest of our hotel experience? God-awful; The Vdara should be embarrassed and ashamed.. . They act like being "eco-friendly" is a perk. . . --There's no water pressure so it took me a half hour to shower. . --The maids do not service the rooms.. . Boom. That's the definition of eco-friendly.. . The hotel maids DID, however, STEAL my cute club clothes hanging in the closet; Lost and Found obviously said they don't have them.. . Having a choice between 2 queens or a king is standard in most hotels; Not the Vdara. U get one king unless u pay double the price.. . "Remember, insist on one king-sized bed -- because two queens is kind of gay." -- Stephen Colbert http://on.cc.com/NsdThP . . ...Did I mention there's no coffee maker? Cuz there's not one ... Imagine that. A 5-Star "resort" with no coffee maker. That's a basic amenity, folks.. . If you want an upscale hotel on the strip book the Trump. It will not disappoint.. . Aaah, The Vdara! Run away! Here, let me help you: . http://www.trumphotelcollection.com/las-vegas/
Okay. Yes this is a nice hotel but as young as I am and I still like to go out this is not it. . Place is modern, simple and cute but not worth it. Especially if you're planning on going to places around the street.. Plan on taking the cab everywhere and be ready for a fee for each night you're there for. As everyone said, you have to ask for the kitchen stuff and they will definitely clean your room everyday. There's no " do not disturb" sign. . . So the best way to get to the strip is to walk towards bellagio especially when its like 108 degrees outside. Instead of going outside to the front you'll go over a bridge and into the a lobby/empty entrances and just follow the hallway. You'll stay cool, plus its a better easier than walking towards cosmo! . . Overall, my next hotel in Vegas would definitely not be Vdara.
Limo driver was rude.. Bags were lost for the entire first day. No turndown service as requested. Concierge just left in the middle of my question with no explanation.. No blackout curtains in Vegas.. Pool was tiny. Overall poor experience
Meh.  Myhusband and I went to celebrate our friends anniversary and stayed 3 nights.  The desk staff was very friendly but the line for check in was s-l-o-w.  Our room  was okay until the second afternoon when the air conditioning developed a smell like backed up sewer.  After midnight we finally were moved to another room.  It was okay but nothing special.
Pros. -Quiet rooms and hotel is overal quiet. -Smaller crowds because there is no Casino. -Clean. -Friendly staff. Asked if we could get a strip view and with 30 minutes of deliberation she found us one.. -Good location. . Cons. -Understaffed severely! We waited 30 minutes to check in. We waited 30 minutes to get our car from Valet and it wasn't until we asked Valet where our car was that they mentioned they brought out the wrong car! They need a supervisor at each of these hospitality needs to gauge the customers. If they are ancy chances are something is wrong with the service and you should cater to their needs or ask how you can help.. -Temperature of rooms fluctuates so much. It was hard to get a good night's sleep. . -Water pressure in the shower was not good and I assume it's to be eco friendly.. -Tried to call Valet and Front Desk several times to pull car up or to check out and no one ever answered. . -Staff is a little unorganized. Poolside staff tried to have us take the blame on ordering the wrong drinks. Instead of apologizing, she guilted us into keeping our drinks or they would have to throw them out.. . I would not stay here again. Vdara has had consistent complaints on trip advisor, online, and through Yelp. Have they changed any of these complaints? No. Will not recommend to anyone.
Totally dissapointed. The front desk service was horrible and they would not help me with a credit that they said I had. The room was much smaller than described online. Also, the pool area is tinny. They have no coffee machines inside the rooms, so you're forced to pay $5 for a coffee downstairs. Also, there are no pedestrian walkways, you have to take the tram to Crystals next door and then you have to walk another 20 minutes to get to Las Vegas Blvd.
Oh Vdara, how I expected SO much more from you. You were so pretty from the outside. I am deeply saddened by how you turned out.. . Being in City Center, I expected this hotel to be an excellent choice to stay in. From the photos and video tours on their website, I would be a fool to think otherwise. I was a fool. Vdara's standard check-in time is 3pm, but I had called (twice) earlier that week to confirm early check-in. The front desk staff confirmed it would be no problem. The day of, I called again on ourdrive there to confirm it was okay. When we arrived at 12pm, the room was not ready. Not only was it not ready, the front desk attendant claimed they have a strict, no early check in policy -- who were those people telling me otherwise ALL week then? A little annoyed, but decided to let it go.. . At 3:15pm when I came back to the front desk to check in, the girl looked up our room (I saw on her screen that it was marked as uncleaned), but she gave me our keys anyway and (discreetly) radioed her colleague to check out the room ASAP because we were coming up. When we got in, the floor was wet, the garbage under the sink was not taken out, there were empty soda bottles in the fridge, and there was VOMIT (yes, VOMIT, PUKE, THROW UP, whatever you want to call it), on the bed. Disgusting and unacceptable? I think yes. I immediately called the floor manager and she was beyond rude. She said the room wasn't cleaned properly because I rushed her staff (isn't their policy ready by 3pm? I showed up at 3:15). She tried to have me not involve the hotel manager at the front desk, and she was very snarky and unapologetic, like I had done something wrong. I wish I had remembered her name (I would post it here), but all I remember is that she had a Russian accent & we were on the 10th floor. It took about an hour of going back and forth between her and the hotel manager at the front desk before our room was properly cleaned. They did offer us some hotel credit to use at the restaurant to compensate for our troubles which was nice. We didn't get moved into another room like we wanted though. . . This was probably an isolated tragedy, but even so I would probably never stay here again.. . So what were the pros of this hotel? . 1) the view from the panoramic room were pretty spectacular . 2) the bellhops were SO nice -- extra star just for them. 3) hotel manager did his job -- he apologized for the inconvenience and made it right
I didn't actually stay here, my fiance's dad and his now wife did for their wedding/honeymoon, and we came here to visit them often. The place is very modern looking, clean and it's a relaxed vibe since there isn't a casino here. I hear it's a bit on the pricey side to stay there, but I think it's expected since it's newer and the overall decor kind of gave me that vibe. Each time we came in, we had to present to them the card key which I can understand why they would have to, I just remember thinking it was a little annoying at first. We ordered something at the cafe there and was not impressed at all considering the cost of the food (too much money when you know there are cheaper eats elsewhere). I can't remember what exactly I got, but I remember two things: my egg was fully cooked but it was supposed to be over medium and the asparagus was burnt, like literally black. . . One thing that was a little annoying was one of the days we were there, both card keys were locked in the room and we waited FOREVER for someone to come by and help us. One of us even had to call the front desk to make sure someone was still coming. We did notice a lot of people checking in, but I don't know, you would think they could allow at least the janitorial crew to let us in, even when we had all the proof in the world they were staying guests there so that we didn't have to wait for, I don't know, a half hour, maybe an hour, outside the room just to have someone unlock the door.. . Don't get me wrong, it's a nice hotel and all, but I'd probably stay at a different hotel within the City Center that's as elegant looking and costs just as much.
I stayed here for a night & it was wahhh wahh wah.. . The only thing I like about the room & hotel is that  the room and place is pretty modern and adorable. The bed is REALLY comfortable (yay). . However, the rest kind of goes down hill from there: I started seeing the imperfections of the room.  For instance, there was a HUGE dark scratch on the wall & in order for them to hide it, they just put the lamp right in front of it. Like okay? seriously? They didnt even have two towels in the bathroom, like really? Our television in our room didnt even work, WTF? The security gave me bad looks everytime I went back up to my room (B****) and never once did she greet me. The front desk agent was rather uptight. sighs of Vdara, I will never come back to you.
Beautiful hotel.  No direct access to the strip.  You have to go through aria and crystal to get to the strip or through bellagio.  Their own tram doesn't even connect to vdara.  When we checked in it took till 4:30 to get out room even though check in is at 3p.  It wasn't clean. Got our room and the curtains were broken and a panel on one of the drawers were ripped off.  Called to get it fixed and got someone 45 min later.  I then was getting out of the shower and realized the toiletries on the sink were already used.  When I complained they sent toilet paper.   The valet doesn't answer the phone during the day but when we went downstairs everyone was just standing around.  Nice hotel really deplorable service.
For starters no casino. What a way to start. All the rooms are so-called suites which means one king size bed and tge rooms are small. They attempted to create a "kitchen" , but no plate, silver wear and no coffee maxhine. What a joke . They only give you soap, shampoo and lotion. You want anything else you have ti call them. Its a bother. I didnt get any comps...no perks . Nobodt even offered a discount on any shows. The pool is a joke.....clised at 7pm efen on weekends??????? If you want a las vegas experience this place aint it. Priceline f#$ked me. What a terrible las vegas trip. Good news i won alittle money at poker.
Vdara is just... not as luxurious or nice or accessible as other high end hotels on the strip. The last time I came to Vegas, I stayed in Encore in a suite that was about the same size as the standard suite at Wynn, and even though Vdara is newer, it lacked in the small touches that made Wynn awesome. . . Vdara is like when you rent an apartment that was designed to look nice on the outside but when you actually start living in it, everything becomes a bit unworkable or unpleasant. Since Wynn is my standard now, and Wynn is where I will stay if I ever want to stay in a suite again (which is absolutely possible), I will compare it to Wynn below.. . Refrigerator: Vdara has a TINY TINY fridge you can use for your perishables/desserts/leftovers. HOWEVER. It is like a third the depth of a normal cube refrigerator you find in dorm rooms. Totally unworkable, annoying, and kind of defeats the purpose. No freezer at all. Wynn, however, does not have ANY fridge. Point Vdara.. . Kitchen: Vdara has a tiny kitchenette in their standard rooms. We decided to buy breakfast food and we brought a hot water kettle and french press with us to save on the exorbitantly high coffee prices others have complained about. We also got the cooking supplies, which in theory are great. However, its really hard to cook for yourself when they provide you the bare minimum utensils, and you forgot your seasonings and there are no kitchen towels or other amenities to help you other than what they bring. No sponge to clean up after yourself (we used a washcloth from thebathroom or paper napkins). Additionally, the kitchen only has a tiny trash bin, which is unlined, and the tile is VERY loud if you drop anything on it. Just... unworkable. However, Wynn doesn't have a kitchen. Reluctant point to Vdara. It seems clear that Vdara doesn't really want you to use the kitchen. They kept pushing things on us when we asked for kitchen supplies (such as room service).. . Distance from the strip: Vdara and Aria tout their prime location on the strip in city center, however, I would venture to say that it will take anyone who is walking at a fast pace (we both are fast walkers) at LEAST fifteen, if not twenty minutes just to reach one of the bridges across the strip. Let alone, anywhere other than Vdara or Aria (Bellagio is attached to Vdara, but to get there is still a trek, and you are FAR from the strip). Wynn was a much shorter walk down. The only concern is that Wynn isn't in the middle of the strip. However, we didn't have to leave our room 40 minutes ahead of time to get somewhere we wanted to go (either by foot or by car, see below), so point Wynn.. . Parking distance: It took just as long to get to our car (because Vdara doesn't have its own self-park garage and we don't want to pay tips for valet parking every time we get our car--which is often) as it took to get to the strip. We found ourselves DREADING going anywhere, and I had to discard my cute shoes because my feet were killing me after the first night here. I didn't discover that valet parking was complimentary until looking at a review to the right. No one told us. Wynn was NORMAL. You park, get into the building, walk a few hundred feet, hit your elevator, and then go to your room. Point Wynn.. . Techy Things in the Suite:  Both Wynn and Vdara have switches to open and close the shades. However, Wynn's also include a do not disturb/maid service request button (to show on the outside of the suite) conveniently located next to the bed. Vdara's are all near the kitchen, a good fifteen feet away from the bed. Wynn's includes extra light switches too. You can get in bed, press your buttons, and not leave again. In Vdara, you have to get out of bed and walk fifteen feet to turn off the lights next to the bed, to open or close the shades. You have to walk to the DOOR (twenty-five feet away) in order to turn on the do not disturb. This is what I was referring to when I talked about being like an apartment designed by someone who never has to use it. Point Wynn.. . Power outlets in convenient locations: I like to have my phone next to me when I sleep, especially because I need white noise to sleep away from home. Imagine my surprise in Vdara when I literally COULD NOT find an outlet closer than the bathroom (ten feet away) for my phone, or about ten feet away on the other side under the window... No outlets next to the bed. Motel 6 has outlets next to the bed. WTF Vdara? Wynn obviously has these. Point Wynn.. . Customer Service: Both places had lots of really nice people working in housekeeping and customer service. Vdara made several errors sending people to our suite when we didn't ask. Housekeeping was VERY aggressive, but that's better than ignoring. Points? Even.. . altogether, given the hassle of getting to the strip, the pushing to spend more money, and the not-well-thought out amenities, I vote Wynn all the way. Hearing delivery noises in the mornings also sucked. I won't be coming back to Vdara.
Hrmmm.  I really liked the property itself, but the service left something to be desired..  . I was going to Vegas for a work thing, and I decided to add two extra days as a quickie vacation to hit a spa and get some warm weather.  I don't gamble, so I kind of do the anti-Vegas thing..  . I picked the Vdara because I was hoping for a view of the Bellagio Lake (which I got) at something less than Bellagio prices (also achieved).  I also liked that there was no smoking and no casino, since I wanted peace, quiet, and clean air.  All of which I got.  I signed up for the Romance Package in case my S.O. could make it (that part, unfortunately, didn't work out).  Anyway, there were some minor perks, including a $100 food credit.  I saw different fine print on whether this was $50 for Food and $50 for the "resort fee" or $100 food.  I asked  front desk person (Michelle), who said $75, and that it was good for the restaurant and not just room service.. . A buddy was at loose ends, and decided to join me at the last minute.  Since she was between jobs, I offered to share my room, since hey, suite, with plenty of space.  (Since I signed up for the Romance Package, they probably figured we were lesbians, but hey, got an upgrade for it or something.). . Anyway, the suite was beautiful.  (Hooray for upgrade!)  I loved it.  It was very much like a condo, which I actually kind of dig on vacation.  There was a guest powder room, dining table, proper fridge in addition to mini-bar, dishwasher, and fabulous views.  Particularly from the master bath, but I'll take it.. . We called down to housekeeping to ask for extra streets for the sofa bed, and they said 20 minutes.  We called back 45 minutes later after receiving nothing, and the phone just rang and rang.  Yes, it was late, but they said 24 hour housekeeping, so.  We were tired, so we did without that night.  (We left a note and tip the next morning, so that worked.). . We hit the bar and restaurant downstairs a couple times, since the Vdara Bar was conveniently nearby and had a whimsical swing outdoors.  I also ventured to the spa as well (and really will try to write a review for that and the bar).  . . Other than the incident with the extra sheets, I thought all was well, checked out and went to my work thing across the driveway at the Aria..  . I get the bill emailed to me and there's $156 in food and beverage charges at the hotel, and no credit.  It's not going to make or break me, but I hate being ripped off.  I email back to ask about it, and get no response.   So now I'm cranky, and my goodwill has vanished.  Later, I get an automated survey, which I answer in scathing detail, and leave my contact info so they can contact me if they want, but I didn't expect a response.  Luckily, someone did, a couple weeks later, with a very nice apology, and  they credited my AmEx for the $156.  They offered me an upgrade if I go back, but I'm still undecided if I will.
I used to love their hotel, because the service was at top notch and after about a year it just started to go down hill.  Sometimes the towels, sheets are still dirty and trash was still left in the cabinets and trash buckets.  Also we had the corner view room and we had to walk by a pile of dirty linen outside of the other room for over 24hr... The front desk isn't as nice and fast as they used to be.  They were rude and not so friendly.  The valet service, SUCKS!  We had to wait 20-30 minutes for our car a few times.  We called for car and it wasn't even out by the time we got downstairs after 10 minutes.  Also, valet service, usually NEVER ANSWERS their phone and when we got downstairs, we saw 5 of them standing in the office chatting to each other.  It's Vegas....Lots of other hotel we can go to for better service.
This should have been a five star review. The hotel is amazing, the service is top notch and I had a wonderful time at the hotel. However, one thing really made me feel like a criminal and put a bad taste in my mouth. . . I like to iron my shirt before a big day of meetings and being CES, I wanted to be in top shape. I pulled out the iron and ironing board. To my surprise, not only did the ironing board have a iron holder bolted to the end of the board (making that end worthless and making ironing a shirt challenging) but it had a security cord attaching the iron to the board. Did they think I was going to steal the iron? Do they really have a problem with that? . . I've stayed at hotels from no star to four star and this is the first time they have ever been attached. It's challenging enough to iron with the cord much less having two cords. I hope that Vdara will correct this. I can't imagine that iron theft is a problem and if it is why don't you just charge the client. . . It's a bummer that such a classy place has this low-class security.
I loved the room and hated the service. I had the city corner suite which was lovely but the room service lost our order, they charged me incorrectly at the spa, and they checked us out before we had checked out.
The two star rating is specific to the hotel itself.  We'd like to call out that the spa should be considered on it's own merit and would receive a 5 out of 5.  Specifically Kelsey in the Salon section does a great haircut.. . Overall assessment: Vdara is the shell of a great hotel.  The design is outstanding - the touches of art and contemporary style are exactly what a great hotel on the strip should look like, but aside from that - all the "little things" about it that make a great experience were lacking.. . Let's start at the very beginning... when checking in the front desk employee named Francis said that he was upgrading our room (yay!) and informed us that the pool was closed, but we could useAria's pool instead.  As it turned out, he gave us the exact room we booked, misinformed us about the pool (it was open and we were later told that there was no affiliation with Aria), and yet, our breakfast that came with the booking was to be redeemed at the Aria (what??). . The room itself seemed smaller than described because a huge amount of sq footage was dedicated to a seemingly useless kitchen.  There is a kitchen, but no coffee maker.  Oh yeah, and then they charge you out the ass for a basic cup of coffee downstairs in the cafe (more than Starbucks!)  And to top it off, at one point, room service came up to drop off a box of Keurig k cups and when we pointed out we had no coffee maker they basically ran out of the room. The room was a king bed with a pull out couch.  The pull out couch was like sleeping on the coils and metal bars holding it together.  When we asked the front desk if there was another room with a better mattress (we were staying for four days and wanted to be comfortable, not too much to ask in my opinion) they said - we have nothing, but we can put 5 or 6 mattress pads on it and it will be okay.  OK is at best how I would describe it.  From a brand new hotel we expected some quality in the mattresses supplied in the bedrooms.  When the remote control stopped working in our room the front desk representative told me to pop out the back and make sure the batteries were in correctly then hung up.  . . Our biggest issue with VDARA was that every single person who worked there seemed miserable to be there.  They were not there to make the experience comfortable nor pleasurable and hospitality was not on their minds.  Housekeeping was rude, the front desk was misinformed and snippy and the concierge did not want to be there.  We had good experiences with the man who delivered the linens for the pull out couch, the pool attendants and room service.  Icing on the cake; if you wanted to stay at this god forsaken place for a late checkout they were going to charge you for it, whether you're flight was delayed or not; oh and there is a $25 per day resort fee that is charged at checkout though there is no restaurant or resort to speak of.  . Aside from the Spa and hotel design Vdara promises a luxury experience and does not come remotely close to delivering.  NOT WORTH THE MONEY.
Quick Tips! Quick Tips! Quick Tips! Quick Tips!. . 1. No parking structure! There is complementary valet.. . 2. You can park over at the Aria's structure, ride the tram over which connects to the Bellagio/Vdara and then check in! . . 3. There is NO casino and NO smoking!. . 4. There is a bar as well as a small market/deli like area within the Vdara.. . 5. Spa services on the second floor, pool on the third floor.. . . The following events though have led me to believe that we either had a REALLY untypical stay at the Vdara or just really bad luck.. . When we got to the reception, there was no wait, which was very nice. A few people were checking in at the time, but there was a person available within a few minutes to help us. I smiled warmly at her and told her that my girlfriend and I were staying for our five year anniversary and we hoped she would help us make it extra special. We booked a corner suite to begin with because I didn't want to do the $20 tip trick, the price point was similar, and there was a guarantee that we would get a "nice" room. She immediately told us that she could upgrade us for $20 to a larger suite. And that the current suite we had was on a lower floor.. . This surprised me because at EVERY hotel on and off the strip, an upgrade is pretty much a freebie. They want you to have a greatimpression of the property, lose money, and pay for services, and then come back. I was displeased, but I didn't want to spoil our vacation mood, so I agreed to the upsell. My girlfriend booked the reservation and she handled most of the check in paperwork. She never told my girlfriend to put me down as an additional guest.. . Anyways, we were ready to start a relaxing hot soak in the tub and plan the rest of our evening. When we got into the room I was really disappointed about how technologically backward the room seemed to be. Every button seemed to have been pushed several thousand times and the lettering was gone, the shades control itself was buggy, and the lights were not automated. The bed sheets were really scratchy and were rough. The only really cool thing was the full stove, microwave, and fridge! However, shortly after that pleasant discovery, the real terrible stuff began to emerge.. . The tub had water still in it. Not sure if they just cleaned the tub, but there was lots of water in it. I opened a drawer next to the bed and found two dirty, black socks from a previous guest. Finding this prompted me to tell my girlfriend to search other cabinets for other items left behind by the guest. She opened up the dishwasher and discovered a terrible smell and to our dismay dirty plates and kitchenware. I called the front desk and complained and immediately, we were upgraded to a much larger suite and higher floor.. . I wished at that point I could say, our stay was amazing and we lived happily ever after. We got up to the floor and there was a strange chemical/mildew smell going on in the air. It was very unpleasant, but it didn't get into the room. The door handle looked like it may have been busted in by another guest who tried to get in the room forcibly during a previous stay. We walked into our room and the shades were down. The same faded lettering was on the controls. Once I raised the shades, the view was absolutely spectacular.. . The first thing we did was order turn down service, setting it for 6:00 PM for the rest of our stay. We got home that night and found out that the housekeeping lady wasn't aware that there were two guests. It turns out because my girlfriend didn't know and because the check in person didn't tell her that she should put me down as a guest, the housekeeper turned down only one side of the bed. It was late though and we were tired from our day, but I contacted the housekeeper the next day. . . I wanted to take a shower. The water came out hot and ready in seconds, but the showerhead was also busted and spewing water onto the tile outside the shower. After adjusting the head back in, it spewed a little less water. Anyways, after the shower the bedsheets like before were scratchy. In fact, I got a nasty rash from them and decided to sleep on the comforter instead.. . The next day, we came back around 7 PM and I expected turn down service to be nicely done and the room to be in better order. We arrived to a room that had not been serviced or turned down. We were sure to leave the room's privacy light off when we left that morning. We were disappointed, but thought they were busy and would come later. We left to go out for the night, and came back to a room that was still not turned down. To annoyed and tired, we went to sleep and complained the next day. Turns out the charges that were promised to be waived weren't. And in fact, the notation for the upgrade for $20 overall was incorrect. It was $40.. . At the end of things, we settled up with the manager who was the best part of our stay. I hope that my stay was not typical to the Vdara, and I  hope that you guys have a better experience.
I just checked in for a conference next door @ the Aria. I chose to stay at the Vdara since it was a non-gaming hotel. Actually the hotel is beautiful....staying up on the 45th floor. When traveling, I require reasonable Internet performance allowing me to accomplish my work through different unified  communications modes (e.g. Skype, Cisco Jabber, Virtual Desktop, etc...) When I checked in, I paid a $20-25 per day use fee for certain amenities to include WiFi or direct connection. When I logged in, to call home via Skype, my connection was pixelated and choppy and it finally locked up. I was having flashbacks to the old dial-up days. I complained to the front desk and they referred me to Internet support. They also discounted my first day for the trouble. I am here for a week....in work mode. I called the Internet support folks and they had me run Speedtest.net to get a measurement. It was rated as a letter grade of "F" comparing to other hotels in the area. The technician advised that this speed was normal and was not surprised. I am now told if I pay and "additional fee", they can give me faster service. I am very surprised at all this. We are in the middle of the year of 2013. Wow... . . See URL below:. . http://www.speedtest.net/result/2701696789.png. . **UPDATE**. . Dining experience in the Vdara "Market Cafe" quickly went awry when my wife and daughter ate breakfast on 16 May 2013. This horrible customer experience was caused by what appeared to be a mop string embedded in my daughter's eggs. It seemed to take an eternity to resolve by staff with my wife's and daughter's insistence that this was not normal. They were given a $50.00 gift certificate to buy more Vdara "FOOD" and a bowl (about the size of a dessert dish) of fruit I wouldn't give to a monkey. As "consolation", the food service manager told us the string was actually used to tie off sausage......whatever... See pictures @ http://www.flickr.com/photos/hdryder/sets/72157634025082695/
Very disappointed. I booked a panoramic suite early march for this Memorial Day weekend. This hotel must have forgotten the meaning of 'panoramic'. Our room is on the 9th floor, with a 'panoramic' view of the access road and the concrete wall. . I won't bother next time.. The second star is because the room itself is nice, but just not what was promised when we reserved.
Call it more shabby than chic this time. My last stay the room was right out of a  page from Conde Nast - however, my current room has drawers that won't close, no flatware, coffee pot or even cups. The remote for the tv needed batteries and overall it simply wasn't in good condition.  Worn carpets that didn't seem quite clean.  I put a towel over the sofa cushions before I sat down. . .disappointing for the price.. . On the other hand - service was impeccable.
Could not have been more disappointed, We stayed for 3 nights, and the room was only cleaned after I called and complained for the third time. Don't bother using the service room button, the poor maid that came and cleaned the room at 12 am said the morning housekeeping mgr only wants the rooms that are for new arrivals cleaned. Also heard that they have 16 maids to clean all the rooms in the Hotel. . .        Valet was also horrible unless you don't mind hearing the squeeling of tires in the parking garage only tosee your new 50k truck come rolling out right after. The bad thing is you have no choice but to use it because there is no self parking. After witnessing my truck being driven like that , I parked at the Aria and walked to the hotel. Don't bother complaining to the shift mgr because they could care less.. .       Its really to bad, because the hotel is convient and the rooms are really nice. The fridge is useless and the blackout shades have gaps in them.
I wanted to love the Vdara, i really did, but too many things went wrong during our stay.. . The main problem we encountered was the service provided by the hotel staff. They failed to follow through on anything they promised. That sums it up. I will go into details, but there are a lot of them. . . Found problems with:. - The Valet. - Front Desk. - Bellboy. - Room Service. - Room Quality. . The hotel only offers Valet Parking. Not a major problem, unless the hotel has bad service, which it does. . . Valet takes forever!! And if you love your car, you don't want these guys getting behind the wheel. PERIOD.. . We had booked a corner suit. Around $350 per night. Check in is at 3pm. We arrived at 4pm. We were told we could have a suit on the 29th floor but if we could wait 2 hours to check in, we could have a room on the 47th floor. We thought it was worth the wait! The front desk told us we would receive a call when our room was ready and we could check it, 2 hours max we were told. . . We had to leave our bags with the bellboy. We would have left them in the car but with it only being valet, that wasn't an option. We handed our bags over and the guy serving us paused before handing us our receipt and said "unfortunately i only work outside and i don't bring your bags to the room". After which there was an awkward silence while i waited to be handed the receipt. It wasn't until after that i realized this was an attempt to get tipped. REALLY? You didn't do anything! Since when do you have to tip twice for one service? .. Not a great start.. . We eventually went back to the hotel at 8pm, after waiting 4 hours and receiving no phone call. We go to the front desk and are told the 47th room floor isn't ready yet, but there is one on the 29th floor if we didn't want to wait any longer. We're already 4 hours into waiting, hell no, i'm not going to bail out now!. . After the front desk being on hold to room service for 20 minutes, we're told our room is ready. When we get to the door, we find them leaving the room. Anyway .. we're in! And the room is amazing! Fantastic views, very modern decor, let the fun begin. . If only ..... . The carpet in the bedroom is soaked through. Wet all over! Like excess water sqelching when you step on it! I call down to the front desk to complain and they offer to move us to a room on the 29th floor. It's now almost 9pm! We waited 5 hours for this room! When the bellboy comes up to drop off our bags, he offers to have extra towels sent up so we can try and mop up a bit. He was a really nice guy, very apologetic and he did make us feel better. The corner suit also comes with a pull out Queen bed which we intended to use. The bellboy tells us we can have the pull out bed made up by room service if we tell him a time.. . OK great. We tell him midnight (it's currently 9pm). I figure that's long enough for them to get the job done, even with bad service. WRONG. We come back at 1am and it's not done!! We call to complain AGAIN, go back out to hit the strip, come back at 4am and there is a pillow and a folded sheet on the couch. So after it taking so long, they decided not make it and just drop the linens off .. Why would it take so many hours to drop that off! It does't even take that long to make, never mind drop off. Bad bad bad.. . $350+ per night!! For service like that! Insane. The commercials on the hotel TV also advertise how high the hotel standards are and you're urged to "Raise your expectations". Seriously though. I didn't even have any expectations and you didn't meet them.. . The pull out bed was also solely made of springs. I've used more comfortable beds in hostels i've stayed in, not even exaggerating slightly. Also, the shower looks amazing, its huge. But the water pressure was laughable. . . On a side note: the hotel doesn't have a casino. I learned The Vdara is just an extension of The Aria. So just stay in the Aria, unless they have the same management. I'm not risking The Aria after this experience, but who knows, it surely can't be any worse.
Where to start.....   High expectations as it looks nice and is non smoking.   Asthetics and security check at elevators is where the happy report ends!   No coffee pot in room!   Small cup of black coffee availabe in lobby that tastes terrible!   Cafe not open till 6 am and I am up at 5 and want my coffee then!   Tub has a drain in the center of the tub, if you try to ,at down drain rakes your bottom and back.. OUCH,  wifi that is automatically costing you $25 per day sucks.   It is either incompatable  with apple or just lousy coverage.  Their solution?    Move us to another room.....   Ummm, NO!   Talked to several people at front desk, rude and seem put out with you.   Used services at sister resort Aria and felt much more welcome there.    Workout facility is nice.  Pool is very small and the death rays from the reflective glass made it unbearable in August.    Son slept on pull out couch, was so springy he slept on couch not pull out bed.  We were told we could get turn down service.  Asked for it at 9pm, by 10, no service.   Called front desk, they sent somone with sheets and pillows, never offered to make bed!  Go to Aria pool which is included in your stay at Vdara.  Arias pool is spectacular!  Called front desk twice and was put on hold for over 5 minutes, gave up being able to speak with anyone.  Wanted to get services in salon. Was told I needed to get package instead of single service, ridiculous upsale attempt.   Went to Aria spa and had no issues with same service request.  We will never stay here again!   This horrible stay put a huge kink in our stay in Las Vegas.   We come here every year and we will never stay here again.   Many chances to redeem themselves, failed everytime.  Looks nice but looks are clearly deceiving.  I wonder if management ever reads these reviews?   Same complaints over and over!   Wake up Vadara!
A hotel that calls itself a five star resort - but doesn't really live up to it.. I have been to Vegas a few times, stayed in Palazzo, Bellagio, Venetian - those are way better.... We decided to give Vdara a try...booked a suite. We gave our luggage to the bell-boy who was to bring it up to our room immediately once we checked in and called for it. Well - it took them almost 50 minutes to send our luggage up. . Our room was equipped with a kitchenette, but no mugs, not pots no pans...one has to call for it. Ok, so we called for two mugs, and an hour later we got them!! Also, there is no coffee machine in a kitchen - even a regular Holiday Inn comes with one!! You would imagine the service of a five star to be a little more quick and better!!. The room was alright, although it was a suite it was not big enough for 4 people. It can get crowded. There was no bathrobe provided nor any slippers. (Which is something which has been provided to me by most five-stars in Vegas), our trashcan in the bathroom already had trash in it!!! We needed more towels, so called for a few, go figure, it took them an hour to send those up!! . There is no cafe to eat in the hotel, just a tiny market place which shuts early- so no late night snacking.. Location of the hotel is so-so it's quite a walk and can get confusing.. The only good thing about the hotel was the Valet - they were quick! . I would not come and stay here even if I got a deal on the net. The service at Imperial Palace ( a 3-star) was way better!
Vdara hotel... Just hotel, no casino! I did not know that. . Stayed there during the long weekend. Valet services was super friendly and fast... Check in process was fast and the employees were friendly. . The room was really cute with a pool view. Nice little kitchenette with a microwave, stove, sink and mini fridge. Beautiful bathroom with a nice full size tub. . The only problem with this place besides the fact that there was no casino downstairs and that the room service closed at 10 and there was no where to eat downstairs was that the fridge didn't work and water pressure for the shower was too low and the sink was clogged... Oh wait there is more, pool area is too small. They don't have enough lawn chairs. And the drink service was too slow. . Will I stay here again? Maybe! Probably not by choice.
Alright, so I've been to the strip once before and I've seen MUCH better than this. I'll list my pros and cons otherwise I'll be here all day typing.. . ****PROS:. - Location: Middle of the strip, Bellagio is literally attached to the building. . . - No casino/smoking (Not sure if this is pro/con? I don't care either way). . - Door bell to your room! haha. . - BEAUTIFUL room. (Deluxe Suite) The whole setup is gorgeous. Walk in from the door with a kitchen, dining table, living room/bed which is split between a wall with two TV's on each side. There's a window that stretches from each end of the room. The bathroom has a HUGE tub with a shower head AND a separate shower. With GREAT lighting. Also, the bathroom has a magnified mirror for all you beautiful ladies! A blow dryer, cotton, q-tips, wonderful smelling shampoo/conditioner/bodywash. . - SO MUCH sink space. . - Ice machine on every floor. . - Friendly staff!. . - A safe that is EASY to operate (you know some places are difficult). . - Electric curtains, let's get fancy (which blocked out light pretty well). . - Reading light above bed. . - Room service ALWAYS came within reason. . - Touch-sensored housekeeping/do not disturb sign. . - Lighting had dimmers. . - 35% discount on Zarkana through Vdara. . . . ****CONS:. - The bathroom right beside the bedroom?. . - NO DISHES? You must call them to bring it up, didn't wait long - but still annoying. Their excuse is they're a "green" hotel.. . - Fridge is TINY. Cannot even fit doggy bags.. . - If you're cheap like me, DO NOT OPEN THE LEFT SIDE OF THE FRIDGE. EVERYTHING IN THERE IS WEIGHED, did you catch that?! EVERYTHING IS WEIGHED, YOU MOVE IT, YOU PAY. I found that out the hard way. And TOLD them to ERASE my charge. Also, I had a water bottle missing, which I told them as well, so you may want to look and see if everything is there. . . - Water pressure in the bathroom sink?. . - Bed was SO uncomfortable and the sheets suck - Bad combination, I was freezing my entire sleep.. . - Drawer space?? 3 drawers, and a few tiny shelves. Ridiculous.. . - Their complimentary waters, I thank you for the miniature bottles that held nothing in it.. . - NO coffee maker, but there's coffee mugs..... Ok.. . - EXPENSIVE! And for what. This hotel is not that great. Just because they love the earth doesn't mean they should over charge. They love what's in our wallets too.. . - Resort fee, see told you they love our money.. . . Will I stay here again? No absolutely not. It was a nice hotel and all, but if it wasn't for the conference I attended here, you would have never seen me pay that kind of money. Nope. Vdara got lucky.
Think Aria, but without the sparkle, gambling, restaurants and impeccable service.  . . This place apparently was built as condos, but is being used as a hotel until the market turns around?  Our room was very nice, but was not cleaned or replenished once (not even the water for which we were automatically charged) during our weekend stay.  It had a studio style kitchen, complete with cook top, but we walked and a couple of times took the admittedly convenient monorail) to Aria and Cosmopolitan for all of our meals.  . . If you're looking for a nice room and want to pay for extra frills you're not going to get, stay at Vdara.  Otherwise, stay at Aria or Cosmo.
It feels homey- however lacks a 5 star hotel feel- the price and perks of Vdara is utterly not as well as most of the 5star North and south hotels I have stayed in.. I lived for 2 nights with a view upgrade- (I checkout tomorrow). Con. 1)view is fair- most of the scene is rather distant. 2) Noise- sirens and engines can be heard clearly- what's really bad however is a sucking/whirring noise at the bottom of the ?power plant?. 3)1 bed standard+1 sofa bed . 4) Bath tub- terrible architecture- prevents you from lying down comfortably and sinks you . 5) Controls for lights and shade is located near the front door unlike other hotels which is next to the bed. 6) dialing room service can sometimes put you on an answering machine. 7) Room service can be rather slow- :/ waited 20mins for towels to shower in the morning. 8)the shade doesn't block the sunlight all the way- it leaks a lot of light into the room on the sides- ruining my sleep. 9)1MBPS speed wifi... Any faster is $15.95 per night. Pro:. They have an electric stove and fridge
Great location if that is all that is important to you. Service is really bad!!!! Water pressure sucks!!! This place obviously don't care about customer service!!! Vdara is dog friendly but that's the only good thing I have to say about the hotel
