I wasnt impressed. The pasties  were so so. Not like they are in the U.P.   Service poor. :(
I hate giving this place two stars, but the service has always been inconsistent. I've been coming here since 2006, and the food has always been excellent. Service has been spotty though; during my most recent visit our server blew off two of our drink orders and I had to order from the bar myself. Honestly if they would hire some frumpy old veteran servers then I bet everything would improve ten fold. Anyone else ever had this problem?
Finally, after months of hearing people rave about this place and it constantly popping up on Yelp with fantastic reviews, I went to the Cornish Pasty for lunch with a coworker. . . The whole time I felt so confused by the good reviews.  The service was terrible- they acted like we should have known to seat ourselves and weren't friendly or helpful, but doing the bare minimum assuming we'd been there before.. . I'd never had a pasty before, and I was not impressed.  I got the philly cheesesteak which the waiter informed was nothing like an actual philly cheesesteak.  As far as my experience goes, they include steak, cheese, mushrooms, peppers- all of which were also in the pasty.  The difference was, this steak was chewy and flavorless, I didn't taste any cheese, and there were more green peppers than any other ingredient.  The pastry part was good,  but undercooked.  . . I was excited that they had specific sauces to pair with each pasty.  The server allowed me to try both- a mustard one and a red wine one.  I found both to be gross and a terrible combination with the pasty. . . I just want to emphasize that I am not a picky eater and enjoy most food.  I was extremely disappointed that I spent money there.  Neither me nor my coworker finished our food and the waiter looked at us oddly when we didn't want to take the rest to go. No thanks. We were both totally confused by why people rave about this place.  Perhaps it is the good beer they serve...
This place is OK.  More than anything, its a trendy place among hipsters who wear ski hats in the summer and come here to translate the meanings of their eastern-inspired tattoos with their hipster fiends.  Overcrowded and they sit you next to strangers.  Pass if you aren't in an identity chrisis.
This should be a 2 1/2 stars. Wish I could give it more.The pasties are good but not traditional. I found them a little over-spiced but the pastry was rich and flaky. Wish they offered a plain meat, chicken and pork gravy as the reductions and sauces just aren't complimentary to all flavors of pasties and pies. Husband got a chix pot pie, gravy tasted like there was vinegar in it although it was supposed to be "thyme chix gravy". He has an ulcer and it made him feel ill. In all fairness, I would eat there again as I feel they deserve another try. Service is excellent. Friendly, helpful and fast. For this alone, give them a try.
I ordered the Vindaloo pasty for lunch and was not impressed. It was a stronger, spicier, and sweeter sauce then I was used to from Vinaloo at most Indian restaurants and didn't go that well with the pasty. I might give the place a second chance though because everyone else I went with seemed happy with what they got.
This place does have really good food, just expect to have lack luster service for the most part. . . The last time I went here, my boyfriend and I were meeting up with his family for dinner. We entered the very dark and cramped restaurant and walked around looking to see if his family had already been seated. We stepped over into an open area to call them to see where they were when one of the cooks behind the bar barked at us "WHAT?? CAN YOU NOT FIND A TABLE??" like we were horrible human beings. . . When we were seated, our waitress looked incredibly bored and plain disappointed to be serving us. The only person that seemed remotely interested in making sure we had what we needed was the guy that filled our water glasses and took our plates. He was awesome. . . I know all the people that work there are cool and dress like they don't give a shit, but c'mon this is the service industry right? maybe they should try a little harder
service was horrible - and the food was ok... maybe they where having an "off" day, but I was NOT impressed.
I wish there was a way to leave two different sets of stars. My 2/5 will hopefully get their attention. I was glad to see that the restaurant is doing well and remodeled their two locations with more locations coming soon. . . The food at Cornish Pasty is impeccable. I always bring friends and family visiting here to try the unique cuisine. I like to explain it as 'gourmet hot pockets'. I haven't ordered a thing I didn't like. I know it can be hard for picky eaters since there are no substitutions but thankfully I don't have that problem. Their soups are amazing, all made in house. The peppered steak and chicken and rice soup are my two favorite dishes. The Mesa location recently added some new appetizers and I can't wait to try them all. Very disappointed to find that Tempe didn't add them to the menu yet. . . The atmosphere, music, and excellent drink selection is another aspect I love about this place. It's good for dates as well. $5 mid shelf and always $3 Irish Car bombs with lots of microbrews on draft? YES PLEASE. . . The one thing I hate about Cornish Pasty, and the reason why I give it 2/5 is the SERVICE SUCKS. It must be a requirement to be a hipster with 5+ visible tattoos/piercings with a poor work effort. You even get a raise for having poor personal hygiene! I've been eating at Cornish Pasty for 5 years and have never received good service. Last time I ate at the mesa location the service had improved a lot, unfortunately I went to Tempe a week later and had awful service. I could go into detail about the awful service, forgetting ordered items, being ignored and the general distasteful appearance of the staff. I don't mind tattoos and piercings, I have some! I was even a waitress for 7 years, but you should really brush your hair, shower, or wear socks to work.. . If you like great food, drinks and atmosphere and can stand the idiots they hire to serve you. Then definitely eat here. I will continue to be a regular, I just wish their management would shape up those servers. I would recommend the Mesa location over the Tempe one. The Mesa one added new menu items, I ate there about 3 weeks ago and received great service. The Tempe one continues to disappoint. Although the food is always top notch.
Eek!  This was a second time in just a few weeks I've had a "Meh, I've had much better experience!"  What has happened to Cornish Pasty???  So I felt compelled to write a review about my experiences so that others would know this Cornish Pasty is in need of some management/owner love/help or something.... . . Service~ yikes! It was turrible, to quote Charles Barkley.  Both visits were the same experience but with different servers.  The servers here seem more interested in talking with each other rather than serving their customers.  On both visits we had to remind our server multiple times to refill our drinks and bring us condiments.  Probably the biggest disappointment is when we complained about our food.  They both were very disinterested in turning our poor dining experience into a positive one.  When we asked to speak to someone in charge in our 2nd turrible visit the waitress disappeared!  I kid you not!  She never came back and when we asked the bartender about her she stated that she went on a break..... . Food~ prior visits we've had a pretty good experience trying the different pasty's however lately their food has not been up to par!  The pasty's are very dry lately for some reason and they lack flavor.  This last visit we had the bangers and mash, chicken and the traditional beef and potatoes.  We also had a couple of side of fries and some salads.  The salads and fries were the best parts of our dining experience again unfortunately.  The banger and mash was ok.  It had a good balance of bangers to mash but had too much onions.  Since when did onions become a major star in this pasty?  The chicken pasty was not filled completely and was very dry.  The waitress suggested the red wine sauce to help?? WTH?  NO THE RED WINE SAUCE DOES NOT GO WELL WITH ALL PASTY'S, ESPECIALLY THEIR CHICKEN PASTY! It was gross!  We asked for a different sauce.   The waitress stated that was their only sauce but she could bring us ketchup and that's what a lot of people use.  Yes she did say that! If a lot of people are requesting ketchup, the cook, heck the owner needs to know their customers are having to douse their pasty's in ketchup because they are too dry.  The beef and potato pasty was more potato than beef and yes it was arid dry as the desert..... . So for both visits I give this Cornish Pasty 2 stars because of their salad and fries.  For had we not order those this would easily be a 1 star review. I hope they can turn this place around soon!
