The rooms are nice, bed is comfy, tub is huge, 2 bathrooms one with a double sink, stylish. The room is really noisy. We had a corner room with a nice view but we can hear music bumping on the 20th floor, probably coming through the vents. There's some weird rattling noise and some other noise (maybe the elevators?) going on all the time, REALLY annoying. The housekeeping has been pretty rediculous, 1 day out of 4 they came to clean the room without me asking 5 times. Overall I'd stay somewhere else.
We booked three rooms for three nights at THEhotel and here's the low-down:. . GOOD NEWS - . 1.  Nice rooms with lots of space, 1.5 bathrooms, comfy bed and relatively quiet.. 2.  No smoking hotel and common areas.. 3.  No three-mile walk through a brain-numbing casino to registration desk, elevators, etc.. 4.  Attentive staff, particularly our bellman (Eric?).. . BAD NEWS - . 1.  We booked nine nights total and one of the rooms ... literally .... faced a concrete wall!. 2.  One of our three rooms had a bathroom that had not been cleaned, at all, after the departure of the previous guest.  YUCK!. 3.  In-room coffee COSTS $4 a cup.  WTH!. 4.  You are charged if you use space in the mini-bar fridge to cool anything you bring into the room.  WTH x 2!!. 5.  Poolside seating at the Mandalay pool is FULL SUN EXPOSURE only.  If you want or need an umbrella, get out your wallet.  On the Sunday we were visiting the pool, umbrellas were available ONLY in a roped-off area with padded lounges.  Lounges were "renting" for $25 each and umbrellas were renting for $50 each.  WTH x 3!!!. 6.  If you want to use the hotel's "free" cardio room, get a map, a compass and put on your walking shoes.  At least you will burn calories getting to the wimpy little cardio center!  If you want anything other than the usual cardio machines, be prepared to pay for it ... $15 or $25 per day, depending on what level you want.. . As Robert DeNiro points out at the end of the movie, "Casino," . . "The town will never be the same. After the Tangiers, the big corporations took it all over. Today it looks like Disneyland. And while the kids play cardboard pirates, Mommy and Daddy drop the house payments and Junior's college money on the poker slots. In the old days, dealers knew your name, what you drank, what you played. Today, it's like checkin' into an airport. And if you order room service, you're lucky if you get it by Thursday. Today, it's all gone. You get a whale show up with four million in a suitcase, and some twenty-five-year-old hotel school kid is gonna want his Social Security Number.". . Bottom line, it's Vegas baby.  You go expecting more than you will ever get and you come away promising yourself you'll never go back.  But if you are like me, you will go again sooner or later, hoping things will be different and somehow you'll be treated like something other than what we all really are in Vegas .... cattle in the herd.
Great Hotel - Bad Staff!. . My girlfriend and I stayed there this weekend and loved the hotel itself. The rooms are nice and spacious, the big bathtubs are great to relax in, and all of the amenities in our suite were excellent. . . However, the staff couldn't have been less helpful. When I made our reservation, I informed them we'd be checking in late at night. I called the day of our arrival to remind them, specifically asking them to make sure they had a room for us. The man said it wasn't a problem and that he'd made a note of it. We arrived and were told a high floor suite with a view of the strip and a king sized bed (which I'd reserved) was not available and were given a suite with two queens and a $50 credit toward any restaurant on the property. We were also told we could simply switch rooms the next day to a suite like we asked for. Annoying, but not the end of the world, right?. . Here's where the wheels come off. I call the front desk the next morning asking for a room change. I explained what had happened the night before and the guy said he didnt know if they had a room for us, that theyre not obligated to switch rooms, that room switches are based on availability and rarely are granted on weekends, that he'd have to check. Lots of attitude. Five minutes later he comes up with a room for us on a low floor, without a view, but with a King sized bed. I said fine just to be done with it.. . The next day we go to the Bayside Buffet and do what they told us to do - charge it to our room and they'd take $50 off the charge. The next day we left the hotel. We used the express checkout, and just because I wasn't trusting anyone at that point, I requested a copy of my bill be sent to me via e-mail. I get home tonight and of course they charged us the full amount for the buffet. I just got off the phone with them - more attitude - and finally got the $50 taken off the bill.. . Long story not-so-short: the staff are rude, not very accommodating, and be sure to check your bill!. . p.s. The valet didn't know when check out was. Who doesn't know the check out time of their own hotel??
Spent a weekend here for a friend's bachelorette party. I couldn't be more disappointed with the service by the front desk. . . We had a reservation for two suites that were booked months ago. Checking in, they first tried to ship us to two non-suites at Mandalay Bay because they were "overbooked." 2 hours after check in started. Despite the fact that half of us arrived at 9:30 am, checked in bags and were told they would make a note we had arrived and "link" the two rooms. Once they had sufficiently stressed out our bride, they came up with two suites for us to stay in. 15 floors apart. . . The "non smoking" room I stayed in smelled like three cartons of cigarettes. I'm asthmatic. So is my best friend. We asked if there was anything they could do. They promised an air purifier, they sent a man with a gallon of aerosol air freshener. Pretty sure he emptied the whole can. We asked to move rooms and got the "overbooked!" line again. So the whole weekend we had the luxurious smell of cigarettes and weird orange-y air permeating the room. Hooray for problem solving? . . Hands down the best decision of our stay was to book a cabana by the lazy river. It came out to about $60 a person for a group of 8, but it was worth it to have a spot reserved by the pool all day. Also the server who was in charge of food/drink orders for our cabana was delightful! She was far and away the friendliest and most competent employee we interacted with all weekend. They should send her to teach the front desk a thing or two. Or five. . . The other positive: We were given day passes to the spa when we asked how they were going to make amends to the ridiculous start to our weekend, and the spa there is amazing. But with so many hotels on the strip, I can't say I'd be very inclined to stay here again.
I have stayed at the Mandalay Bay, Four Seasons, and now THEhotel, which are all a part of the Mandalay Bay complex.  We stayed in the V Suite, which has a great layout and is large.  So we arrived at 10 PM and wanted to go right to bed, but when we opened the bed it was full of long black and short black hairs.  I later saw a lot of short black hair in the bathroom.  I called the guest services and it took almost 3 hours before we had the sheets changed and bathroom cleaned.  We ordered room service the next morning and it tasked like it came out of a can.  The TV's are all old school flat screens (non-HD) and about half the channels play Mandalay Bay commercials.  I have read the hotel is modern, but it is cheap modern.  The housekeeping is really bad, and in short we won't be staying here again.  I would still recommend the Four Seasons.
This place is horrible. I'm only giving them two stars because they did upgrade my room..... First off the carpet needs to be replaced in hallways and it's dirty! They put me in a room with a joint room option and I could  hear the couple next room all night..... If you know what I mean! I was so upset as I was here for work and had to be up for a meeting early, and did not get go bed until after 3am! I called for ear plugs and it took over 30 min for them to come! The next day they changed my room and upgraded me which was much nicer, however it smelled like food bc it was next to the kitchen. I dont think I will ever go back! The only good thing about this place is the price, however you get what you pay for! There are much better hotels in vegas
I wish I could give THEhotel a better score but the service really was lacking.  The room was great and the bed was comfy.  There is a charge for everything, not even coffee in the room is included, yet you are charged a $20/night resort fee.  When we called the bellman for our bag, they brought up the wrong one...even though we gave them our first/last name and the number on the tag we were given.  We had no room-service dining menu in our room, so my husband went down to the lobby to ask for one, they said they would send one up and we never got one.  On the day we went to check out, we decided to use their computer to print our boarding passes, since that is included in the resort fee.  Well, what should have taken 5 minutes to do, took 20 minutes because they have super slow outdated computers.  So although we liked the room itself, after walking through several hotels on the strip, we'd rather spend our money at Caesar's Palace, Bellagio or MGM Grand.
We have stayed here many times. Always been huge fans and even paid for others to visit a few times. But the last trip was a bummer. The place is starting to show its age and the staff is rude. I can deal with the aging rooms if they would smile and treat people like they appreciated the business. But we are not going back any time soon. I think we'll head mid strip for a while.
We stayed in The Suite. Let me be clear. I wanted and expected fancy for this special trip. I got average. . . When I drop $200 a night, I don't want any dust in the room, I don't want a badly damaged chair and I don't want to pay $4 for a crappy in-room coffee. Yes, my friends. They charge $4 for a cheap room coffee. I used to stay in much, much cheaper places where this little perk was free. . . So, if you want to be treated well, if you don't want to wait for 45 minutes to check in on a Tuesday afternoon (like we did 2 days ago), then go to The VEnetian or The Bellagio.
I thought this would be an easy 5 after staying a couple of days in a basic suite - which was quite nice and housekeeping did a fine job (although we did have to ask for clean wine glasses every day). But when I upgraded to a penthouse suite, paying more and expecting a lot accordingly, I was quite disappointed. I could have let slide the fact a bottle of men's shampoo sat on the table in the entry area (not sure how the cleaning staff could have missed it - stood out like a sore thumb), and the large cashew crumbs on the rug in the living room. But the crumpled used sheets stashed (not with subtlety) in the wardrobe really sorta grossed me out. A hotel at this level should not make these types of mistakes. Housekeeping also woke me up on the morning I was checking out. I get that I should have set my "do not disturb" button, but on checkout day can't they just confirm with the front desk when the guest has checked out? I agree with some of the other reviews, there are other options that are delivering quality at a higher level at comparable prices and I'll choose one of those next time. I really wanted to be a fan of THEhotel. Sadly disappointed.
I would not recommend this hotel. The bellman takes FOREVER...so long that we had to go down and get our own luggage after calling for an hour!. . The sheets were literally TORN and stained! We didn't notice until the next morning. We tried to leave it evident for the cleaning lady but she didn't change them so we called and asked for the sheets to be changed. They were replaced with more TORN sheets! . . The hotel doesn't have a casino which was fine for us but the lobby was very smoky! If you want a casino it's just a couple min walk to the adjoined Mandalay Bay.. . I don't see a place to separately rate the Spa. It was designed not to lounge but more of a man's spa so it's more masculine. The hot tubs weren't that hot. HOWEVER, I think her name was Verona or something like that and she gave me THE BEST deep tissue massage of my life! Sorry I don't remember her name exactly but she's been there 8 years and we went a few weeks ago so I've slept since then! LOL
Hoped for the best, got 'meh'.. . Pros: Quiet, 2 toliet rooms, linens were luxurious, bed was very comfortable, very clean and smelled fresh, mini shoe polish sponge was unique and useful, Customer service.. . Cons: Room was dark; dark furnishings, dark paint, low light.  No mini fridge for use, no shower gel/bath bubble just soap, plasma tv really?(no), $8 for in-room coffee, room not cleaned until we called, $25 per day resort fee.. . With so many places to choose from in Vegas, we will notstay here again.  Would stay @ Mandalay Bay side again though.
THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay is just ok. For a "high" end suites only hotel this place is ok at best. First let's talk about the suites. The suite was ok compared to the Signature MGM. THE Hotel did not have a full kitchen, we couldn't even put our bottle waters in the mini fridge because they would charge us $25 for just sticking in own water bottles in their mini fridge. The TV's are out dated, my grandma has a better tv then what they had. The bathroom was nice separate tub and shower, two sinks, and even a scale so I can see how much weight I gained after eating at the buffets. The bathroom was the only thing that is worth praising. You can also hear the cars on the freeway from the room and we were on the 18th floor! The air conditioner would blow my face every time it went off when I was sleeping. Freaking blizzard every 10 mins. The check out was a bit of a joke as well. We wanted to pay cash but couldn't because their computer system was down. Hopefully they lost all the info so they can't charge my card. This place is just ok I wouldn't stay here again only if it was for free or when I have kids so they can play and pee in the pool.   The pool at the hotel was nice but too many people in my opinion and the music blaring was not pleasant when you're just trying to relax. There is free self parking.  Also their wireless internet is garbage. Try the Signature at the MGM before you come here.
Overall decent hotel but marred but the problems on the first day hence the rating.  2nd time I've stayed at the Hotel, stayed once at Mandalay Bay both a couple years ago, guess quality has slipped since then.  Stayed at various hotels in Vegas, approx 50 different stays.  I would recommend instead the Venetian or the Palms Place Suites if you still want the larger room but much much better service.  Won't be getting my money anymore.. First we booked online with an all day buffet included.  Find out when we try to check in around 3:00 the buffet package wasn't in there system.  Best they could do after arguing was a $40 credit for the buffet which I learned later was only for one day.  This took about 1/2 hour since the line was long and the issue with the buffet.  Later I had to visit the front about the buffet and after more arguing best they could do now was one more day of a $40 credit.  Not happy with having to deal with that mess especially since they going to make it up on all the money we lose gambling to them.  Guess they want us to go eat somewhere else and gamble somewhere else too.. So back to check-in.  Told room was not ready and we would get a call when the room was ready.  Past 4:00 and we still hadn't heard.  Didn't want to get into the registration line which was now about 50 people deep so called the front.  Put on hold for 20 minutes and finally our room ready.  Got up to our room, keys didn't work.  Yet another call and told security would let us in.  Yet another long wait 10-15 mins before security finally got up there and let us in.  BTW noticed will in the hallway it smelled of marijuana coming from one of the nearby rooms.  Security just shrugged his shoulder and moved on.  Smelled on and off like marijuana for 2 days.    . Room itself was nice.  Noticed immediately one bathroom smelled of cigarettes.  Saw the vent was plugged with toliet paper.  Can't see how housekeeping could miss that which brings up questions of how well they clean the room.  Saw more signs of dirtiness when I dropped some change underneath the couch.  A small forest of debris of food and other junk underneath there.  . Ate at the buffet twice, once for breakfast and lunch.  Kind of glad only got credit for 2 meals.  The buffet is mediocre at best.  The food quality is poor, the prime rib was stringy and chewy, and how can you not have sourdough bread for breakfast.  Ate at the Burger Bar which is excellent.  Otherwise we went off property to eat and sometimes gamble.. Pool was great.  Staff there was good- whistled some morons who were dropping their ashes in the water, they were on the ball.  Annoying to see chairs with towels on them for hours on end with nobody coming out to sit on them. . Went to the Shark Reef- about 30 minutes of stuff to see.  A bit over priced but they do have some decent exhibits.. Final review- going stay at the Venetian next time.  Instead of trying to keep us as customers, The Hotel tried to nickel and dime us.  If we'd booked near or on that day we would of gotten a cheaper rate ($200+ less) with a better buffet package.  Instead the staff screwed us over and wouldn't cut us a break even though it would of cost them next to nothing.  Poor decision.
Booked here twice only got to stay once.  May not go back without offer.  Stayed here on a comp for Superbowl 2011 and had to still pay for the most expensive night for 6th FLOOR PARKING VIEW!  The room was nice but walls are paper thin and the HDTV's are no good without an HD signal.  The WiFi stinks so I bring my own router now wherever I stay.. . My most recent trip was for a single night memorial day weekend.  I guess if you have a late flight they will give your room to someone else.  There were 3 of us and no queen rooms left.  We were comped a rollaway and given the 2,000 sq ft media suite at the MB instead.  Sounds great right?  Well it was until we tried to sleep and the elevator kept us up all night.  The room was huge and awesome but way too big for 3 people even if there was only a king to sleep in.  I would've rather had a normal 2 queen bed like I requested just to avoid getting stuck right next to the elevator.  I would only recommend this place on a comp offer and if nothing else is available.
Beautiful, but boring!  I love the minimalist contrast between lights and darks for decor in the hotel halls and lobby downstairs.  There's a very quietly chic vibe to the place.  The suites are elegant and luxurious, I love how we had 1.5 bathrooms, especially since I had to share with 2 other girls, so that there wasn't a lack of primping space.  Service is friendly and efficient, we were able to check in without a hitch at the front desk and their concierge service made booking shows and reservations a breeze.  I requested a view of the beach/pool, which I was excited about, however, upon looking out my window, I got a wide expanse of parking lot with the pool being about a mile away.  Duh, the pool is actually a part of Mandalay Bay, not THEhotel which is just an extension of MB. (this was another pain in itself as I had to walk forever to get from my suite to the pool area). . theHotel is just so far from everything.  I like the restaurants, but the shopping is a little lame and there aren't any real clubs here, only lounges.  There's hardly anyone here and when thereis a bit of a crowd, it's mostly the older set who are interested in gambling and drinking, not the nightlife.  There just isn't anything to do here!  I knew I should have stayed on the other end of the strip like I normally do.. . Sorry, but I won't be returning.
STILL the ugliest Hotel drive or walk entry in Vegas. STILL dark "rich" small suites that are so dated whoever designed them has long passed.  STILL Too fancy for room refrigerators or coffee pots. STILL treats us like total strangers after FOUR years returning. I swear this is the last time. Outrageous $25 resort fee (PLUS $3 tax on THAT "service"!!!).. . Minus another star because in addition to all the unchanged front desk line and attitude, the hallways are becoming dirty and threadbare, carts not picked up, smashed crackers on the floor for 24 hours. This place is going DOWN. Also smelled smoke on our non-smoking floor several times. SEEYA. A busboy confirmed the hotel admin will do NOTHING about people smoking on the non-smoking floors.. . Every year they tell us they are going to redecorate. NOW I believe them only because somebody is buying them. Try Wynn, Bellagio, The Venetian or Paris.
Stayed 10/04/12-10/08/12. 3rd trip to LV and this was my least favorite hotel.  Only booked because it is and "all" suite hotel.  Customer service gets 2 thumbs down!! Arrived to the hotel @ 6:50pm and was online for 50min!!! 2 clerks were at the counter. Once we were called the clerk and the nerve to tell us that "our" room was not cleaned! and would not be cleaned until 8:30pm! I booked a King suite but only a double queen would be available. (more like a double full!!!) We were offered a smaller non-suite room (Which I did not know they had) that we could stay in until the next morning (but a suite could not be guarenteed).  We were meeting our group for dinner @ 9pm, so the reservations had to be changed 3x to 9:45pm!! We waited for the double queen suite, the room was nice but dated, because it is a suite the livingroom takes away from the size of the bedroom.  We did like that there are a bath and a half. We were given a $150.00 limited food credit for our inconvenience and the daily room charge was waived (however they forgot all of that upon check out and had to produce a new receipt) I will have to monitor my VISA to confirm the charges will be deleted!!! Will not stay again!!
We did get contacted by Mandalay Bay and got some money back.  Nice of them but don't think we'll stay there ever again.  All the issues could of should of been addressed at the time.
May, 2013:: . We (2) are adult experienced world travelers for 20 years. . THE GOOD: TheHotel is one of the better, calmer, non-casino hotels on the LV strip. We stayed at a discounted 'suite' on the 19th floor with a 'mountain view'. The rooms were exceptionally large with a living room + 1/2 bath and very large bedroom with very-large bath+shower w-seperate toilet area (very nice). . . . Now for the THE NEGATIVE:  Within a few minutes of entering the room we received a knock from housekeeping. The lady entered and began checking the stocking of the mini-bar, then left. Several minutes later another knock and a second woman bruskly stated that she need to "look at the room" ... we refused to allow her entry since when asking "why do you want to come into the room" she angrily stated that "I need to check to see who is in the room" ... we closed the door after a polite refusal (very unpleasant first impression). . .  Upon examining the interior of the Armoie (closet-cabinets) I discovered old socks and lady's underwear from the prior occupants. It raised our awareness that the "housekeeping" was substantially off-it's-game.. . Later that first evening, when I stepped into the beautiful shower I quickly reacted to the STEAMING-HOT water ... even when set to the 'cold' setting.  I tried everything to adjust it to temperate, but nothing worked. I went by the front-desk as we went out later that first evening and the kind desk-lady said 'Engineering was notified' she asked if engineering could go into the room that night, and I agreed we would like it corrected that evening. She said that a "followup" would be conducted. Upon returning several hours later I found a business card from engineering stating "call if you still have problems".  My wife tried to use the shower and again the water quickly became steaming-hot ... showers were not possible because no matter what we did, on the coldest setting the water remained steaming hot. Since it was well into our second day and no "followup" had been conducted (they had askied to have my cell-phone # for followup contact), I again notified the desk at checkout. I did not want this problem to result in a child, or other person(s) being caught by suprise and likely being scalded.. . IN FAIRNESS:  THE VERY-GOOD ... the front desk personnel and the concierge lady were exceedingly pleasant to deal with ... particularly in comparison to Bellagio, and some of the other *GM stays. The front desk lady offered us a business-card for 2-for-1 drinks on the 64th -FL of Mandalay Bay at 'THE FOUNDATION ROOM' where we decided to have a very pleasant dinner and evening on the patio overlooking the strip ... the waiters and food were really exceptional ... PARTICULARLY THE WAITERS who obviously took a warm and personal pride in the experience they created for all the diners ... a very personal fine dining approach!. . IMPROVEMENTS:  Correction of basic room amenities (plumbing) and better housekeeping and staff manners are essential, without stating further.. .  . IF THE-HOTEL IS INTERESTED IN HIGH-RATINGS ... they must consider providing a few complimentary coffee pucks for the Keurig Coffee Maker together with a daily paper for the suites, if not the rooms as well.  The Lowe's Resort Hotels provide this, together with fully natural-cotton bathrobes (rather than synthetics ... a picky point here). But, if a hotel aspires to be at the top-of-the-game ... these are the typical amenities provided at truly fine world-class resort hotels.  Also, it would be better to keep the condoms in a discreet location, not on top of the MB-counter with crackers!
Overall pretty bad for a hotel that used to be a great hotel.  On Saturday when I tried to check in at the VIP desk I was told we don't have one today since we're short-staffed.  But checked in fairly quickly.  Went up to my room on the 25th floor.  Though the room was relatively clean, the big screen in the living room was literally falling apart with pieces of it hanging down.  The television in the bedroom was still a large tube television from the 90's and the reception on both sets was bad.  Tried to go to sleep around 1am but couldn't get to sleep until after 3am since the club Mix was shaking the building with the DJ music.  My friends on the 7th floor also couldn't sleep from the club noise coming from Mix.  I asked the front desk about the club noise on Sunday morning but was told that the DJ wasn't there on Sundays....which was wrong and had pounding music until 1am.  AC in the room was pretty bad and noisy.  I had maintenance come up to fix the AC in the bedroom...which still didn't help much since you had to lower the temp to minimum of 63 degrees to get at least some cool air.  When I went to check out, the bill was messed up with mini-bar charges that I never incurred and didn't give me my food and beverage credit.  They did fix those issues on the bill when I pointed them out.  And they want to charge you $25 a day to use the gym which is included at other MGM properties with the daily resort fee. Since this is going to become a Delano Hotel coming up with a promised full overhaul, it may be better to wait and see if they get some of these issues addressed.
geeze, what is that STANK!!!?. . Though the rooms were decent for living quarters there is this amazing foul smell on the floor every single time we walk into our hotel and into our rooms! . . for $500 for the weekend, i shouldn't be getting stinky rooms?!! regardless, I thought The Hotel was suppose to be nicer because each suite has a living room and restroom and than a door that opens up to the bedroom with a double bed, restroom comes with a bath and a shower . . . our room was right on next to the night club, so around 6pm the music was already going crazy! It leaves people like my friends that party all night and then party all morning from day clubbing with little to no rest! I really wished they mentioned that it may be nosy so please excuse that. Of course, no warnings! . . Terrible!
Well my husbands company had their yearly event here and i know they dropped millions here. Upon check in the young lady at the front desk was just straight out rude! We checked in about 1:45 and she said our room wouldn't be ready until 3:00 and that they would text us when it was ready. He had to check in for his event and he asked her where he needed to go and she said "I have no idea". really? This huge event is in your hotel and you have no idea where check in is? So we had our luggage and needed to store it, behind us was a bellhop that saw us with all of our luggage and he turned around totally ignoring us! I couldn't believe it! I know he saw us. So we walked around til 3:15 and no text. We had to go to the front desk and they said "oh we're behind that's why you didn't get a text". Ok I'm over it at this point. I called and asked for towels and waited about 45 minutes for that. The room was nice but just the level of service is certainly not up to par. There was no where just to grab a casual bite to eat on the casino level. We usually stay at Planet Hollywood and their level of service is so much better. I don't see myself paying $400 a night here ever!
I didn't know whether it would be fair to review THEhotel when they were ambushed by hordes of pre-teens attending back-to-back One Direction concerts. Being surrounded by "I love 1D" and "1D 4 Lyfe" shirts would be enough to drive anyone batty. So, I've tried my best to take these extenuating circumstances into account when thinking about my recent stay there.. . I hate to say that the first (bad) thing that hits you right as you step into the lobby is this...stench (which a previous reviewer delicately coined "STANK"). Now I know that a lot of Vegas hotels like to perfume their lobbies, but this took it to a whole other level. A friend summed it up best as "sewage mixed with cheap air freshener to cover the sewage". . . Another thing we encountered was a 1+ hour check-in line. Never have I had to deal with such a wait, anywhere - the line was at a standstill for most of the time. Now whether you work at a grocery store, a movie theatre, or a hotel, if you see a long line of customers growing steadily...wouldn't you call for reinforcements to help expedite? No? Maybe it's just me.. . The rooms were fine, and more spacious than what you get at a lot of other hotels. Each room has a separate bedroom and living area, a large washroom and a smaller powder room. However (and this may be the handiwork of the One Directioners), THEhotel was woefully understaffed and lacking supplies the weekend we were there. Not once were we able to get in touch with the front desk for anything. They also ran out of extra bedding, meaning the poor soul sleeping on the sofa had to use bathrobes and towels as blankets. . . One huge selling point of the Mandalay Bay / THEhotel complex is the huge pool area, complete with wave pool and lazy river. I suspect this is what gives it a much more "kid-friendly" vibe than other hotels, as there was very few adults-only areas available. That being said, I was happy to note that even on such a busy weekend, there were still empty chairs to be had and easy access to the bar, free water, and food. . . If given the choice, I definitely would not stay here again - unless I had kids. It wasn't the worst, but I'd rather stay at the Palazzo, Venetian, Wynn, or Encore any day, or Paris, MGM or Planet Hollywood for comparable pricing.
The past few times I visited Vegas I stayed at either the Venetian or the Wynn. This last time I decided to try out THEHotel at Mandalay Bay because I wanted the spacious room and I wanted to try somewhere new. I wanted to like the hotel because Mandalay seems like a great hotel with one of the largest pools but I was unimpressed and at some points just down right disappointed.. . To start off, I got to the hotel early on my check in day so I had decided to try and check in early, around 1 pm, check in is usually at 3 pm. The front desk told me the room wasn't available yet, which I kind of expected, but they told me I can go through the check in process now and that they would call me when the room is available. So I wandered around the hotel, visited the Shark Reef aquarium (small but not too bad), ate some lunch, and checked out the shopping area (also small). 3 pm came and still no call. At 3:30 pm I checked at the front desk again to see if the room was ready but again was told it wasn't and that it would be ready soon. By this time I was tired and just wanted to rest somewhere, preferably the room. The rest of my party wasn't arriving until 5 pm and I hoped to relax in the room before they came. I sat around in the lounge area and waited for another hour and half. I went to the front desk again to check if the room was ready and was finally told it was (2 hours after the actual check in time), for some reason I wasn't called like they said they would.. . On my way up to the hotel room, the first thing I noticed was that the hall smelled; the best way I can describe the smell is like an old car that has the fabric seats that has been sitting in the sun way too long. When I got into the room it was the same smell, very overwhelming; I had to call room service to bring up some air freshener spray and I opened up all the bottles of lotion hoping to have their scents disperse throughout the room. The size of the room was nice but the room itself felt very old; there were scratches on the bar cabinet, the tables, and the TV stand. I also found gum on the wall. For such a high end hotel, the room was a huge disappointment.. . The rest of our stay was uneventful, nothing great but nothing horrible either. One restaurant I would definitely recommend is the Border Grill. The food was excellent and the blood orange margarita is amazing. The pool area is definitely big; it was crowded when we went but it was also Labor Day weekend so that was expected.. . After check out, I found an additional $56 charge on my card that was not on my bill. When I called the hotel to find out what this was, I was told it was an extra housekeeping charge. When I asked specifically what for (because we may have left some towels here and there, and some extra cups and bottles by the bar but nothing too messy), they just told me it took the housekeepers extra time to clean our room. I have never been one to trash the hotel room and I even make sure the trash we do leave behind is all in one area so it's easy for the housekeepers to pick up. With that being said, I was shocked to have this extra charge especially when they can't specifically tell me what was "extra dirty" about the room and also since the room didn't appear that clean to me from the beginning.. . I was disappointed from the get go and this extra charge was just the icing on the cake. At least I can say that I tried the hotel myself but I will definitely not be staying for a second time.
This hotel smells like a dirty bar that hasn't cleaned their pipes in years! For the amount of money this place makes they can at least make it smell nice. The only thing that saved this place for me was the house of blues and the foundation room.
It smelled like toilet in the lobby and the room we got was really small. Their room service food was not good at all. I know that room service is pricey anywhere but if I order a berry shake, please don't give me berry soup. The bathroom was nice but I think all bathrooms in Vegas are nice. It was a place to crash and convenient too since we went to Light and Daylight but I think I'd trade in the convenience for a nicer room.
For our wedding anniversary I had purchased tickets for Micheal Jackson One at Mandalay Bay and decided to also get a room at The Hotel~ we were both very excited about the mini vacation until check-in. . . Upon arrival which was about 2:40 (a little early)  we were told no rooms were yet available and they would call us. Our itinerary indicated that check-in was 3pm so about 3:15 pm I inquired about our room. A different young lady curtly stated that "although 3 pm is listed as check-in we have until 6 pm to provide a room. It's even posted on our website". Really?  For what is supposed to be a high end hotel I would have expected a more courteous response. This didn't bode well with me and after stating I found that unacceptable she looked and found 2 rooms available. Imagine that.  . . For us, service & courteous customer relations is imperative. Even if a room wasn't yet available I expect to be treated professionally and not made to feel like I was imposing by inquiring about a room which in my opinion, having stayed at several of the Vegas resorts, was over-priced. . . Needless to say, we will not bereturning to The Hotel. There are more than enough other options in Vegas where we are made to feel that our patronage is appreciated.
Came here with the family and I would probably never do it again. I'm typing up this email as I'm here in the room with my two kids (5 and 2) for our second night here.. . It's pretty disappointing because we chose thehotel because it seemed family friendly on paper and we booked it through American express' fine hotel and resort program. We are in a v suite in room 12-816. . . Everything is 4-5 stars until you try to put the kids to bed. The problem is that the bass and music from the club resonates through the entire room. It does not stop until about 3:30am. If you are planning on staying out all night, then it doesn't matter. My kids basically "partied" in our room until the clubbers ended their night since they couldn't sleep. . . I called this morning around 9:30am to get a room change and was told that I would be able to change rooms by 11am to 12pm and that they would call my cell phone to let us know. 7pm rolled around and still no call. . . When I went to the front desk, they told me they couldn't accommodate my request because they didn't have any rooms. So I politely told the lady who was helping me that her explanation made no sense. Basically, she is implying that there was no room turnover throughout the day. Even if that was true, there was no courtesy call. . . . Her supervisor was nice enough to comp the night after I expressed dissatisfaction. However, now I'm back in my room listening to thumping bass again. I'm tempted to pay thehotel staff some money so I can deprive them of sleep. . . Anyhow, I'm not giving thehotel 1 star becAuse they at least tried to buy my satisfaction. I told Reid that I would rather pay more to get some good sleep. Unfortunately, they didn't have any rooms and offered to change us to Mandalay Bay. We didn't want to go through the hassle, but I'm regretting it since the party is raging again. . . Think twice before you come here with young kids!!
Recently stayed at this establishment and I must say it was an unpleasant one. The distance to most attractions is definitely a hike but if you value the peace and quiet then this might be the one for you. The rooms and the hotel itself were top notch but aside from that nothing really justifies the price for this hotel and here are 2 reasons why:. . 1. Upon checking in the person at the front desk knew nothing about courtesy or customer service. She was down right rude and frankly it if I wasn't late checking in then it would of warranted me talking to the manager.  Yes, she was THAT offensively charming.. . 2. Plumbing seems to be an issue here at the hotel. Ironically the cold water setting didn't seem to work cause after a few seconds of warm water came the blistering heat that burnt my flesh. It was an unexpected turn of events as I stood there soapy and naked and had no choice but to jump out of the shower.  I then tried the hot tub thinking maybe I could rinse my half clean body but to no avail. This ordeal left me red and in pain. . . Long story short, treat this hotel like you would a mediocre landmark by taking a quick look and move on to better things.. . Thanks, theHotel. I never knew I had cat like reflexes until I was almost cooked alive.
