"See her before she blows!, ow wait she already does!" . . I went to this hotel because it was the cheapest hotel close enough to the strip at a reasonable price, granted we didn't do alot of investigating before we went here, so that was pretty much our fault. So in the end it boiled down to price and enough available rooms. We checked in after having reserved our room on the drive towards Vegas, upon getting there we were automatically turned off by this hotels overall presence. The parking was confusing and there was no one to guide us through the maze in which we found ourselves driving. Finally we parked in this industrial mall style parking structure and checked in. We were forced t wait as our rooms were being cleaned and 20 mins later we were given our keys and told what elevator to take, apparently our party was split 4 of us were forced into a smoking room (more like smoking floor, it was truly horrific) that was just about soaked in smoke, it was as if the maid had forgot to use air sprays either that or the smoke was so strong the spray didn't even stand a chance. Our other party was on another floor only accessible through its own separate elevator. That alone was a huge inconvenience, we ended up going back and forth several times until we had had enough. We complained and eventually, 1 and a half days into our 3 day weekend, our both party's were placed on the same smoking floor. Apparently non smoking rooms are requested more, as it is a hotel geared more towards those with kids. As if that was not bad enough the view from the room was horrific, all you see is the sad gray roof down below of and the parking garage in the distance. The hallways had missing segments of the ceiling, which showed off the buildings rusting water pipes. Which only deterred us from drinking any of the tap water or from showering in excess. . . As for the amenities, seeing as how I was 20 when I went on this trip I was not allowed to enjoy the gambling experience while in Vegas, therefore I can not really comment on this. However my friends that did end up gambling at the hotel said it was "whatevers", the drinks were alittle on the light side and the games just didn't seem "lucky". On the opposite end of the casino level lies the "The Buffet", now no Vegas hotel would be complete without a Buffet and the Circus Circus is no different however don't go into "The Buffet" expecting a 5 star gourmet dining experience, in fact don't even expect a 2 star dining experience. Overall the food choices were varied from American cuisine to Italian to even Mexican, however the quality was about as great as any "Home Town Buffet" and if you've ever been to one you know what I mean. The food lacked flavor and was designed for a bland American palate, my friends had to cover their food in salsa and salt just to make it worth eating. If you do decide to eat here go during breakfast as it seems to be when they serve their better prepared options. Yet how difficult is it to scramble an egg and heat up some pre-made sausage, not very I'd assume. . . In the end the Circus Circus is a good hotel to see if your traveling with Children. Its also great if you want to see an old classic before the dynamite is called in. However do not fear when that day does come there are still plenty of great hotels I'd suggest for parents, "Mandalay Bay", "Excalibur" or "Treasure Island" all 3 themed hotels offer afew more options then "Circus" and aren't as "aged". As for booking plan in advance and seek out promotional offers on-line (found 3 when I got back home, which could have saved us about 112.00 [each room].....darn!) Also always request non smoking rooms close to each other or gathering your party might end up a daily rusense. The buffets okay in the morning and around brunch time but avoid the dinner menu, its your chance to sample what you missed if you would have stayed at the "Hard Rock" (GREAT FOOD, awesome adult atmosphere). In the end I CAN NOT recommend this decrepit old building. The whole stay felt very depressing and the staff came off unfriendly and uncaring really. Getting an extra 30 mins to leave our room was a HUGE issue, they wanted to charge for an additional day (on both rooms). If your staying here I'd recommend booking someplace else, this hotel is on its way out the door. Ow and its not even THAT close to the strip, about something like 1-2 miles away. Walking from Circus to Mandalay bay was grueling and in the end we were forced to get a taxi.
The other reviewers are not kidding.  There are a LOT of kids here.  Like, no joke.. . I like kids, don't get me wrong.  But not in Vegas.  Not when I'm trying to get my drink on.. . The bf and I got a free stay here for sitting through one of those timeshare seminars.  Free = good, I guess.  The rate here normally I know isn't bad, but it's quite the hike to the center of the Strip.  And that was in tennis shoes!  Was I about to try it in heels? Hell to the no.  We ended up spending quite a lot on cabs that could have been avoided had we been closer to everything else.  . . 2 stars because the room was actually nicer than the Tropicana, where I stayed the last time I was in Vegas - but that isn't hard to do.  We had an awesome view of... the gray side of the building and a trash-filled alley.  Awesome.  Why am I giving this place 2 stars again?
This used to be the place to go when we were younger.  Enjoy fun games while the parents went ahead and gambled.  This place definitely fell off the train.  It looks completely run down on the outside, and the inside isn't all that better either.  Only good thing is that you can buy a wristband for the kids and they can spend hours in the Adventuredome.
We stayed in Circus Circus from 20th-22nd of Feb 2011. I must tell that this is one of the worst hotels in Las Vegas. It is old & worn out. The room cleaning service people came inside the room without even knocking. The bath towels smelled awful. There was a water leakage in the bathtub. But the rest of the bathroom was clean and looked new. I will not come back to this hotel.
I forgot to review this place on my recent trip to Vegas. . While walking around the Del Mar Fair we got suckered into talking to some people from the WELK resorts. the gf had this look on her face like W.T.F is this for real? I told her it's easy, they drag you in they try and make a sale and all you gotta do is say NO for about an hour and BANG you get free crap!! =) . First on the list, VEGAS baby!! . SO on now to the review. Circus Circus... For the kids you are AWESOME. For a free room you cant really beat it. I guess i failed for not picking something closer to the center of the strip. We did end up paying a bit for cabs. . The room, not bad. Nicer than some of the others i have stayed in but still. The view... you get a MIGHTY F+. I understand the room was free an all but really, guy at the front desk you had to make sure we got the room with a kick ass view of the back end of the building with a trash and cigarette filled alley? Shame on you!
First of all... let me begin by addressing a common complaint I'm seeing on here: the massive abundance of children.  For those of you complaining that this place is packed with kids - take hand, smack face.  The name of the place is Circus Circus, for crying out loud!  There is a circus and an amusement park inside of the place, and you're surprised that it's wall-to-wall kids?  While I fully agree than The Strip is no place to bring your children, it's pretty obvious that everyone who's oblivious to that fact is most definitely going to bring their little screaming banshees to the giant indoor amusement park/circus.  I mean, c'mon people!. . That being said, the hotel is, in fact, terrible.  It most definitely needs to be downgraded to a 2 star rating, because I have stayed in nicer motels than this supposed 3 star hotel.  We chose it knowing that it wasn't the nicest hotel on The Strip, and because they were offering a promotion of 2 free Cirque Du Soleil tickets with a 3 night stay, but the experience was certainly not one that I would expect from a 3 star (above average) hotel.. . After dealing with airports, flights, luggage, rental cars, and traffic for the past 10 hours, we wearily entered the Circus Circus hotel lobby, wanting nothing more than sleep.  What I saw made me want to cry: a line of at least 100 other people waiting to be checked in stretched across the entire length of the dark and dingy lobby.  Rather than having someone at every desk position, there were only 5 or 6 check-in clerks on duty.  We waited over an hour to be checked into our room.  Once we were finally in our room, we immediately noticed that we had been given 2 double beds rather than the one king bed we had requested when we booked our trip several weeks prior.  We didn't feel like dealing with the hassle of having it changed, nor did we expect that they would even be able to, so we decided to just deal with it and went to bed.. . We weren't particularly close to the elevators, but somehow the mechanical whirring and banging of the elevator machinery traveled quite nicely through the walls to our room.  Being a light sleeper, I knew that this would most certainly keep me from sleeping.  Fortunately, using a combination of ear plugs and a white noise maker, I was able to drown the sound out well enough to sleep.  The check-in process and front desk employees discouraged us so much right off the bat that we just didn't feel like bothering with trying to get our room changed.  None of the employees we came across in any of the shops or the Adventuredome were particularly pleasant either.. . The one good thing I can say about this hotel is that our room was clean.  After reading some of the other negative reviews on here, I was pretty terrified of what the room would look like (smoke stained walls and sheets, funky odors, etc.), but the room we ended up in was perfectly acceptable in that regard.  The sheets and blankets were clean (although I never ever use hotel comforters just as a general rule, since they don't get washed regularly), the bathroom was spotless, and the walls and carpet were perfectly acceptable.  I think that may have been another reason we decided to stick with the room we got, after seeing some of the horror stories on here.. . Overall, I am giving Circus Circus the same rating I believe they deserve on the universal hotel rating scale:  2 sad little stars.  If I ever return to Vegas, I will certainly not be staying here!
This place is great for kids.  Vegas and kids, yeh right.  They have arcade and carnival games galore.   There was a free acrobatic show with the jugglers on unicycle and plate twizzlers in a mini circus ring.  . . The price is right, next to nothing,  Rooms are comfortable and suprizingly clean.  Easy check in and out.  Only problem is the large amount of kids, which is Good if your with kids and bad if your not.  All around good time had by all.
You get what you pay for - heed my warning. Although the room rates are some of the most competitive on the strip and this place caters to kids. the quality has something less to be desired. Our room was one of the more recently 'remodeled' rooms in the west tower - it definitely saw its share of battles. Not sure when they last changed the bed cover as it was stained and had a hole in it. The carpet was in need of a shampoo, too. Even though we weren't in the room too much, it made a little difficult to sleep soundly.
I had not been to Circus Circus since 2003 and had not stayed here since the '90s so I was looking forward to see if anything had changed or been upgraded. I was slightly disappointed but the only reason I MIGHT stay here in the future or recommend it to anyone is for the price & for its great location. Otherwise, I didn't really enjoy my stay.. . First off, when I checked in, the front desk staff member did not greet me with a smile. In fact, all he said was "hello" and I responded with a smile and greeted him with a "Hello! How are you today?" Apparently, it was backwards day.. . Next, our room was like, a mile away and when we got there it smelled weird & my mom started having a sneezing fit. I brushed it off but she complained that it was something in the room. I know that Circus Circus is not a 5-star hotel or anything but I was pretty disappointed that the room decor and quality has not improved much since I last stayed there in the '90s. The only thing that made up for it was the free partial view of the Las Vegas strip.. . The next morning, my family members reported that the shower faucet was leaking & would not shut off. After two phone calls and having to hold for 10-15 minutes, I gave up on attempting to report it and get it fixed. . . Check out was a disaster. I wanted to check out in person because I had a few questions and I wanted to report the problems with the room. There are only a few elevators and after 10:30a.m, they would either completely bypass my floor or be too full for me to get into them. I was tempted to go down five stories worth of stairs, but was afraid of the condition and the air quality of the stairwells (if they were anything like the hotel hallways, I didn't wanna get stuck there). I then thought I could check out through the phone or at least request for a late check-out. Wrong. The late check-out option was no longer available & my phone call would clearly not get through, especially when everyone was trying to check out. Approximately 5 minutes before check out, I finally resorted to checking out through the television, which should have been the most convenient option. Wrong again. The system was lagging (maybe due to the overload of simultaneous check-outs?) so I wasn't able to check out on time. In fact, I checked out by 11:20a.m. Luckily, I wasn't penalized.. . Would I recommend staying at this place or would I stay at this place in the future? Maybe. The hotel's location is its major perk, especially for the price we paid (approx $100/night). We mainly stayed here because we had two children (ages 6 & 10) with us, but they weren't that impressed with the Circus-like stuff nor the Adventuredome themepark within the resort. I think we would have been better off staying at Excalibur since it's sort of kid-oriented and within close proximity to M&M's World, Gameworks, MGM's Lion Habitat & Mandalay Bay's Aquarium.
The only reason this place gets 2 stars is because one should really know better than to book a hotel room for like 17 bucks and expect anything other than a dump.. . I arrived here after a long day of work, and waited in line for 45 minutes to check in.  I was relieved until I realized I had to walk like half a mile through souvenir shops, closed restaurants, and casinos before I got to my room.. . The room itself was also pretty bad.  I don't expect much from hotels, but two limp pillows and a mattress that felt like a crappy cot didn't make for a restful evening.  I think I would've felt better sleeping on the floor - like, if you aren't even going to try to give me a mattress that makes my back say "hey, this is ok," then don't even bother.  . . Maybe there's an appeal if you have kids?  But if you have kids, what are you doing taking them to the strip?  Why not just take them to a real amusement park and not a playground for adults?  Quit being cheap and selfish.  Go to Disneyland or something.
Las Vegas has a long history of money, music, and entertainment. You can see it as you walk down the Strip, and the adjacent streets that connect to this central artery. Unfortunately, the more glamorous and stylish the Strip gets, the sadder and more crippled the old vanguard become. Sadly, Circus Circus falls directly into the depressing ashes of a Las Vegas no longer ruled by crooners and clowns, but the young and the flashy.. . One of the most obvious, and visually offensive, things that deter people away from this place is the interior and exterior design. Although the bright lights attract attention in the desert night, the incandescent bulbs show themark of age compared to the newer fluorescent and LED lights in use at newer hotel/casinos. And after the book/movie "It" by Stephen King, the giant clown in front of the casino is a flashing sign of death and doom. No clown fearing human will dare enter a lair of evil. . . Once you walk in, you see the gaudy gold and brown floors and ceilings, and it reminds you of an old man bearing his chest hair with cheaply made gold chains around his neck. It is a sight that just reeks of old and outdated. As you walk through the casino to get to the elevators, you see even the machines are ancient. What's worse is the casino is usually only at about 64.3% capacity. There's nothing sadder than an empty, ancient casino.. . You get to your room and what do you see? Same boring walls with same boring interior. It almost feels like you're in a motel. All the rooms will smell like ash, even though you're in a smoke-free room, and the walls are thin enough to hear what the people next door are planning to do to each other after a few drinks. Definitely no place for roaming children's ears to hear.. . However, the biggest save for this place is their aim at children, with their Adventuredome amusement park. I have a feeling if it wasn't for this, no one would come here. The children seem to love this place and with good reason. The place is a giant indoor carnival. Being the only place on the Strip with something so accommodating for children, parents can leave their children here with a certain amount of money and do their own things for a few hours. . . Circus Circus is a conundrum. It's a casino that caters to people with children, but at the same time, shouldn't be a place to bring children. The pricing for rooms is cheap, but so is the experience you get while staying there. The glitz and glamour that allure most people towards a casino have long faded away at Circus Circus. Sadly, until this place renovates in a way to attract both families AND the young, it'll be a monolith to the aging history of a Las Vegas no longer needed or wanted.
really? seriously needs an update..looks exactly like it did in the 70s when the mobsters had run of Vegas..smells old when you walk in the door..staff was nice but the building itself? not so much...i see why they are one of the cheapest..
haha, I liked this place when I first came to vegas when I was about 12 or 13 years old, I STAYED here in the hotel with my parents, of course after the long drive from California years back.  I had a great time, all the carnival whatsoever, video games that were not event available here in New York then and stuff. Las Vegas seemed more kid friendly at the time but then the casinos took out their video games, same with Atlantic City actually in the mid to late 90's.. I went back here in 2009 and it really did nothing for me, lol. Not even a bit of nostalgia, like oh I was in this exact spot over 14 years ago.  Now I got to see some of the new rides and stuff they built but yeah it is just a spot really for parents to drop their kids off for a few hours of fun time.  it is really a dinosaur casino compared to alot of others on the strip. Also, it is way out of the way, the very very edge of the strip before you get to the end of it but before the many many wedding chapells that you will pass by going further downtown. You can skip this casino, especially if you have been here in the past . You are not missing anything.
I don't know where to start with the Circus Circus.  My wife, nine year old daughter and I stopped here on a road trip from LA to Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming.  . . I knew that this was not going to be a good experience when I arrived in the lobby.  There was a line of people waiting to check in that snaked out to the front door.  Now it is Independence Day weekend, and I understand that the hotel would be busy.  I would expect to see every check-in station staffed and the management would be doing their best to handle the rush of people as quickly as possible.  My expectations were not met.  1/2 of the stations were staffed and we stood in the line 30 minutes before we were helped.  After checking in, I visited the men's room in the lobby where I saw gang tag on the stall walls.  Yikes.. . We had a Manor room, which is located in three story out buildings located in  the back of the property.  The room was large, clean and reasonably well appointed.  The room appears to have been renovated lately.  I understand why hotels secure the television to the furniture, but I'm not sure why the Circus Circus secured the $20 alarm clock to the night stand.  I went to move the lamp on the night stand and learned that the lamp is secured to the furniture.  In fact the only bit of electronics that was not attached to the furniture (the TV remote control) was missing.. . Finally, the level of people here was positively agoraphobic.  The crowds in the Adventure Dome and the Midway sections were so large, the midways were impassable for several minutes.  I understand that the Circus Circus is trying to accommodate whole families including children, but given the number of guests they have in the hotel, i'd think the fire marshal would want them to widen the halls.. . Will I be back?  Not anytime soon.
I came to this hotel to save money and I have to say that was a mistake.  The parking is terrible, there isn't enough spaces to accommodate all the guests that come to this hotel during the summer and it took 20 minutes to find a space.  In addition, there aren't enough elevators to let you go in and out of your room to the casino floor efficiently.  I literally waited 5-10 minutes for an elevator that wasn't completely filled with people during the day.  . . Don't come here unless you have kids that absolutely need to stay at Circus Circus.  For around the same price or a few extra dollars more (IE. Tropicana, Stratosphere, Monte Carlo), you won't have to deal with these annoyances.  FYI, they also make you pay a resort fee of about $7 dollars a day for internet that is slow and a fitness center that has poor quality.
We went there to watch the circus show because it was free. being it was free, the show was alright. . By the look of the hotel I wouldn't plan on staying there.
This is a 2.4 star review.. . I'm gonna try something new.... . Check in/Lobby experience:  LONG line of folks coming in for the weekend.  When I walked up @ 9:30am on Thursday, I was 8th in line.  2 clerks checking guests in and out, making the wait really painful.  When it was my turn, 2 more clerks appeared (guess their break was over).  Bonus for the rest of the folks waiting in line, which was now more than 15 deep.  Clerk was cordial, but not overly friendly or informative.    2 stars.. . Lobby area:  Really dated, dark, and generally shabby looking.  It could use a coat of paint and new carpet.   1 star. . Room:  We lucked out and stayed in the West Tower.  These rooms were newly renovated:  granite countertops, flat screen TV, new carpet and wallpaper.  In general the room was much better appearing than we expected based on the lobby experience.   The beds really comfy, a plus.  The bathroom was clean and had granite upgrades.  I didn't notice any shampoos/lotions, etc that you see in other hotels.  Oh yeah, there was a bar of soap that the maid changed daily.  The room didn't have any paper or pens.   3 stars. . Valet parking service:  LOVED these guys!  They were really friendly and offered directions all over.  If we were coming back for a quick pit stop between shopping trips, they were willing to leave our car on the side for us.  Bonus.  They gave the best customer service of anyone we met on the property.  5 (although if I could give 10 I would) stars. . Casino:  Old and dated.  The only casino we went into where we would always leave smelling like smoke.   Ugh!  Maybe the newer hotels have better air filtration systems.  Did enjoy the trapeze show overhead on Saturday night.        1 star.  . . We didn't explore the Midway or eat at any of the restaurants.  Had a bad experience in the morning at the bagel place...Juanita was more interested in sharing stories of co-worker angst and drama with her work partner than making us coffee...  Really?  . . **Noticed there were not any recycle options anywhere on the property.  I ended up taking our used water bottles with me to put in a recycle bin elsewhere.   . . Average stars:  2.4
Whoa, this place is so run down! My boyfriend and I were in Vegas and it was 108 degrees outside. After the pool party at Tao Beach at our hotel, we decided to hit up Circus Circus to battle each other in some good arcade games. It was quite a bit of walk! Circus Circus is on the strip but really far North. When we got inside, over half the machines weren't working. Sadly, we already exchanged our money in the coin machine before checking the games.. . Anyways, since we didn't get to play at their arcade, they have the carnival games where you toss balls to win prizes. My boyfriend and I won several stuff animals - it was pretty much free. Everything we touched, we won. They are good quality toys too! Not the generic cheap ones that you usually get at the faire! i got a couple Yoshi's and Angry Birds, and a random cheetahs and several other stuff like a giraffe? hahah. . The circus acts are fun and they're free! If the machines were working, I'd probably spend several hours here but because nothing was working - there wasn't much to do and it makes you really pay attention to the outdated, dirty environment.
Where little kids are in Vegas.... . I really don't think Vegas is a place to take kids. I would normally avoid this place because when I go to Vegas but I went with a friend who is a kid at heart. Even though I won the most HUMONGOUS pillow pet known to man at the ring toss - I still give this venue only 3 stars.. . Even if I were to take my kids to Vegas, I don't think I would go here. Just my opinion, folks, which is what Yelp is all about. The venue is creepy, the entertainers and staff obviously at the end of their careers, and the carpet has not been changed/cleaned in maybe a decade.. . I was in the casino area onlyand did not stay in any of the rooms. Please take this in consideration when reading this review.. . I guess if you're on a budget and are the type of person that MUST get to Vegas at all costs, and with your kids, this would be the place for you. I'm just not there.
Who doesn't love a circus?. Me, that's who.. Tons of kids EVERYWHERE. . Clowns scare me. . No enough booze to make up for these 2 factors.. The room I saw was decent. Not super run down like others have said. It was in the newer tower so that may be why. The location is at the very north end of the strip, not very convenient to anything. . The bus stops out front if that's your mode of transportation.
Oh Circus Circus....probably should give you 2.5 stars but there's not an option and you probably shouldn't get the benefit.. . This is really just a pro's v. cons and it depends what you are looking for when coming to Vegas.. . Pro's - Affordable.  Rooms (especially newer west tower) were clean and pretty nice, I was impressed.  Discount tickets place in the lobby.  Nice dealers and casino floor had a nice variety of slots.. . Con's - Not the best customer service at the front desk, pretty sure the guy that checked us in was on coke.. -No free internet (yes the coupon says so but it's not - $9 a day, this is a "service fee" which is obviously bull$hit). -Not the cleanest place in the world outside of the rooms, one of the restrooms must have had a problem because it smelled like sewage in one part of the casino for a good part of the day....really bad, very overwhelming smell.. -Pretty far from rest of hotels, it's about a 20-25 minute walk to Treasure Island.. -Their Adventurdome was closed with no notice, this really should have been stated in advance since it is their main attraction.. . If you just want to sleep cheap and walk a lot or taxi this place is fine, if you are in vegas for the nightlife and shows you should probably stay closer to the middle of the strip.
Kinda crappy but i would stay again on a budget. Their is a weird place in my hard for circus circus, it bad but not unsanitary. . . First, the people that do the check in are the most miserable humans in the planet. Did some one tell them to go as slow as possible? Seriously, it should take you no longer then 2-3 minutes to check me in.. . The place is musty with smoke, i mean w/e i don't care that much but some people do. Their is a stale taste in the air. . . The place as a whole is kinda cool, the look of it, the indoor activities like rick wall and extreme rides like you would find on the boardwalk.. . The rooms, poor without being dirty. They are boring yes. Do i feel like I'm in the 70's yes. But they are clean so i cant complain too much. . . The steak house inside is good but expensive. Avoid the buffet for sure (much better options in Vegas for same price). . If you are going there because you have too and your on a budget don't fret. But their are much better options if your going to do Vegas do it right!
I traveled over to Circus Circus to meet up with a friend and checkout the casino.  When I say traveled I mean traveled.  We stayed at the Tropicana and even though we got on the  tram train thing we still had to walk, walk and walk some more before arriving at the Big Top. It looks pretty cool enough on the outside, I mean you have the shiny lights and the Vegas fixings.  . When you walk through the doors things change up a bit.  I felt like I had walked into an indoor fair grounds. There were kids everywhere. I guess they are the product of what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.  . We watched one on the Circus acts.  The act had a bunch of very bendable men pouncing around in leopard  print costumes.  The act was really good.  That was really about all I liked about the Big Top.  . A visit to Circus Circus was enough for me.  I don't think I would want to actually stay.  It's so far from all the fun things in Las Vegas. When you leave Circus Circus  you feel dirty and you didn't even get to have fun getting dirty.
Admit it, you're cheap.  That's why you're reading this review...because Circus Circus has REALLY cheap rooms and you're wondering "Is is worth it?  Or should I spend more?"  Well, I'll help you figure that out.. . We got the CHEAPEST room you can get.  It was old, and located outside of the casino, but the beds were way better than a Motel 6.  If you've ever been satisfied with a Motel 6, you'll be satisfied with Circus Circus, but...it's really far from the better part of the strip.  . . Cab ride from the airport was $28.  Cab ride from Planet Hollywood was $16.  So, if you don't plan on leaving much, Circus Circus isn't horrible.  The casino is actually pretty nice, and they have quite a few $5 black jack and craps tables.  If you can afford a few more dollars per night, I would recommend spending $100 per night somewhere else, say Tropicana when they have a good deal.  In fact, after staying at about 6 places in Vegas, Tropicana probably has the best value.
Now, I'm not one to really tear into a place with a scathing review (ANYMORE) so I will choose my words carefully for this place.. . *Stares at blank review spot... 3 minutes pass*. . Well.... . *4 minutes pass*. . Errr.... . *7 minutes*. . So, I got nothing.. . I will start at the parking garage. We parked at the red 2 section and ended up having to go to orange 4 so we could reach the elevator to the building. Upon leaving we had to go to orange 4 to cut through green3 wind up back at red 2. BTW what is with the hundreds of foot prints across the ceiling of the parking garage? The place looked kind of dingy already and this just made me break out the sanitizing wipes.. . The Adventuredome is what I believe to be the main attraction. A huge glass structure with rides and attractions and oh so much fun for the family. If this place was actually clean it would really be great for kids. Lots of fair foods like cotton candy and plenty of cute rides they would all love. I think the older kids and even the parents could have fun too. . . . Everything is just SO dirty!. . You just don't want to touch anything. Blah...
It has a great area for kids, plus free circus act shows. If you aren't traveling with kids, then I cannot recommend this casino. It smelled and no one came around with drinks the whole time we were playing craps and blackjack. The place is in serious need of cleaning and renovation.
This place is a dump.  BUT it IS Cheap!. . We asked them for the most expensive room they had - it was $54. . . Didn't have any problems with bedbugs, but while checking - I noticed the mattress had a bunch of blood stains on it. I checked the other bed, same thing.  Thankfully I carry a solar shield almost everywhere I go so I slept on that just in case.  Oh I almost forgot - MAKE SURE you ask them to stay in the TOWER not the MANOR.  I heard the Manor has the bedbug problems, and who knows what else.. . At night do not go out in the parking lot alone. This place is super sketchy outside.  It's THUGtastic. . . The Casino is awesome.  They have beer pong, jello shots, among other cheapo things.  There is also this weird sorta market where you can buy those cheap ass  samurai swords, Angry Bird T-Shirts, and other junk only you'll be paying much more for it than the 'market'. Watch out though!  If you are lucky you might bump into someone drinking everclear outof a plastic neon guitar. . . The staff is special. I saw a cocktail waitress that migh have been just north of 60, she had some of her teeth left and was wearing a super tight dress over her size 22 body. It screamed - DELISH!  She was wobbling around with a tray of ashtrays and some beer bottles. On the floor, don't forget to look up - There is a circus up there.  I didn't bother checking it out though.. . In a nutshell, this place is more entertaining for people watching than say - WalMart. Which can be fun for a while.  However the overwhelming stench is nauseating.  It's like a mix of stale beer, baby wipes, big macs, and pall-malls.
It's gross. But it's cheap.. . The check-in line wait is at least 30 minutes, and probably more if you check in later at night (we saw it double the length we waited). The parking situation is a real disaster and the garage is scary in both a "I might get mugged in this dark and winding weird building" way and in a "I might get run over by a taxi at any minute" way.. . We stayed in the nicer remodeled rooms in the West Tower (we paid more for these, about +$18 per night) and it was worth it... we didn't experience any nasty problems that any of the other reviewers stated - except a leaky sink and a slow to drain tub. And the carpet was a little crunchy. But for like $175 for 4 nights, I can't really complain. I wouldn't stay here unless you have a rental car though - it's not very walk-able in relation to the part of the strip where the good stuff is.. . Next time if we have a car (which we did this time) we'll stay off-strip and get Circus Circus prices without all the screaming children and inconveniences.
Yuk! This review is for the room. The water was shut off a couple of times. The in-room safe did not work. The TV reception was horrible. Our room was only cleaned once on 4 days and they didn't leave any clean cups.. . The only reason I left 2 stars was for the fact that it was not as bad as I thought (the room did not smell like smoke). They had reliable internet access and they did fix the safe after calling the second time.
When I was a kid, my extended family and I used to go to Vegas all the time. We'd stay at Circus Circus when I was younger, but as we got older, we stayed at Excalibur. My cousin and I revisited Circus Circus recently. Nostalgia compelled us, now reality repels us. . . It is TO' UP. Seriously BUSTED.. . There are corridors of shops that reminded me of being in a swap meet, or maybe even some weird bazaar in a foreign land. It made me feel really uncomfortable. I had good memories of the place, but dude, this is just sad.. . To top it off, my cousin used the men's room in the Midway/arcade. Holy $h*t! There was a SHARPS CONTAINER in there. They must have found one too many rogue syringes in the bathroom and said, "Eff it-- it's gonna happen, so might as well be safe about it." . . But yeah, this place is going downhill and fast. I wouldn't be surprised if this was the next casino to close down... but it's one of the few places that is family-oriented and actually has an arcade for the kids to play while the adults gamble. And their carnival games have decent prizes too.
I have not stayed here, this is for the Bar/Casino. My friends and I wandered over to this end of the strip and pulled an all nighter. I ended up sitting down at one of the bars that is right near the beer pong tables and casino cashier to play some video poker while my husband and 2 other friends wandered around elsewhere in the casino. So anyways I ask the bartender for some change so I can tip him, since I only had a 20 and he told me he couldn't give change, it is a policy but that the cashier was over to my right and I could get change from them. The problem was that I was by myself, had money in the video poker machine, and a drink...I was not about to leave it alone at 2am with the trashed people playing beer pong behind me. What upset me even more about the whole situation was that one of the managers was behind the bar helping out the bar tender because he was new-so when I had asked for change he said let me ask my manager, and then his manager told him the BS policy, and talked about me like I wasn't 2 feet away from him, didn't have the courtesy to acknowledge that I was even there , "She can go to the cashier, its right there" That is just rude! Especially since I was obviously spending my money at that bar, and would have stayed longer had the manager not been such an asshole!. Anyways so I cashed out of the video poker and went to find my friends because I was getting hungry. They were hungry too so we tried to find some food in Circus Circus...the only food they claimed that was open at that time of night (2-3am) was their crappy appetizers from another bar in the casino. We asked if there were any restaurants near by, or any open ones in any of the nearby hotels, they said no. 3 of 4 of us decided to just order some of the appetizers they offered. We got the sliders which were surprisingly tasty and then some sort of artichoke dip that was just meh. Then we headed across the street to the Riviera, where my husband found am Irish type pub with a full menu open 24hours. He had a nice chicken and mushroom pot pie. I was pissed. LOL. So the consensus is that while the casino is fun and there is a few choices of things to do, the people who work their are morons and not very helpful.
I've stayed here many times when I was little, but the place has definitely lost its novelty in my eyes now that I come to Vegas for different, 21+ reasons :P For families, this place is great - there is a whole floor dedicated to carnival-like games and children can have lots of fun (but will probably waste a lot of your money!) playing the games in order to win stuffed animals.. . If you're 21+, this is definitely not a good place to stay in Vegas.. It's on the outskirts of The Strip, so it's not easy to get anywhere - the Wynn/Encore is a couple blocks away but you are still far from everything else. . The food in the hotel is very mediocre.. The gambling in the hotel also really sucks - the blackjack tables have a $5 minimum, which is lower than most places in Vegas, BUT they only deal 1 deck, so it's almost always in the dealer's favor. You can lose a lot of money that way. People also don't really seem to come here for anything other than slots, because even the poker room only had 1 full table when I came, compared to the Venetian or even Encore, which had hella. . . Good thing my friends and I weren't staying here during our trip!
Spent three nights here and I must say I wish I spent a little more money for something nicer and something on the strip. The area of the hotel I stayed in was very run down gross and OLD. The pictures they post at check in or around the main lobby is by far nothing compared to what I stayed in. Also the people that work there are beyond idiots. When checking I asked if we could get a King instead of two queens and the lady said no problem. We go to our room and we have two queens. Then I go downstairs and the lady who fixes the issue turns to my boyfriend and me and says just so you know all that non smoking and number of beds or having a view is all request we don't have to honor it. Really?? Who says shit like that.
I hate writing bad reviews. I stayed here for a couple days before moving into the dorms at UNLV. Needless to say I was getting a promotion of $26/night so I shouldn't have expected THAT much, but hear me out.. . I came into our room, went to wash my hands in the sink and there was dirt/dust or whatever in the sink!! It was not clean is the point I am getting at.. . Secondly, I found our room EXTREMELY difficult to find. The lady at the check in desk gave us a map telling us where to go but it did not really make sense.. . Another very misleading thing is that there are some elevators for the first set of floors and another elevator for the higher set of floors that were not labeled. Myself and many other guests that checked in after me were constantly getting on the wrong elevator.. . I find this hotel a little disorganized because the valet/entrance/self park is at the back of the hotel, but only taxi's are out front. If anyone can explain that system to me, please do! . . PS. Free wifi but it is incredibly slow...!
Every passing year this place seems a little closer to the way Hunter S. Thompson described it. I've had "lady's" proposition me at the bar before, though the staff does seem to run them off if they are putting people off. It's a surreal experience that's better experienced with a few cocktails in you than sober. . . When you want a dive casino, you'll find what you are looking for here.
Plain and simply, with a million places in Vegas to go eat, gamble, party, and rest your drunk little head, Circus Circus doesn't even make it onto the radar. I was staying next door at the Hilton where they don't have a casino, so I walked over here one night and it was simply depressing. I felt like I walked into the 70s as well as an ash tray. Just stay away.
My wife and I stayed at Circus Circus for our honeymoon because my brother paid for our trip and was being price conscious.. not that there's anything bad about that and we definitely appreciate him hooking us up with a Vegas trip.  We had alot of fun while we were there and was definitely worth it, but this is a review about Circus Circus so lets begin.. . The place is definitely old and shows it.  We got to the hotel and the minute we walked in the front door someone started trying to hook us up with complimentary shows and passes, but required a major credit card (if its complimentary, why do you need my credit card?)   We get to the check in area and there was nobody there.  We waited about 20 minutes and finally someone showed up.  Circus Circus charges a mandatory resort fee for each day you stay, and apparently from what I've read on other Hotel Reviews, pretty much all of them do... So we weren't surprised nor did we care to pay it.   After we got our room cards we proceeded to head to our rooms.  We showed up on a Tuesday so there was hardly anyone around and that's understandable.  We had to walk an ungodly distance to get to the tower our room was in.. The place really looked run down, everything was expensive and there were lots of kiosks everywhere selling useless junk at ridiculous prices. (i.e. Fake jewlery, hats and crap).  Anyways, we got to our hotel room, and it was decent... about the equivalent of what you can expect from a Motel 6 or Super 8 as far as decor was concerned.  Our view was overlooking the north end of the strip where you can see the Stratosphere and in the distance, downtown.  The view was pretty nice if you ask me.  The bed was extremely comfortable.  The window to our room was partly open in the corner and was nailed in that way so we couldn't close it.. . The food there was bland at best and I would recommend eating at other places.  We enjoyed the free circus acts, its surprisingly entertaining.  Come the weekend and all hell breaks loose... There are children EVERYWHERE bumping into you, screaming, acting like.. well... Children and we dare not try to go to the pool.. . There were no attractions for 20-30 something adults, like clubs or anything like that.  We would have to venture into the strip or downtown for that.  The casino sections are amazingly boring and poorly lit.. . Overall, Im sure this place is great if you want to bring your kids to Las Vegas (why?... its Las Vegas.. should be adults only), but for grown ups, I recommend staying else where.   Other than that, it was an ok stay and we don't have anything else bad to say about this place.
We just got back from Vegas, and yes, we went with a kid!  We visited family who lives in Henderson (20 minutes outside of Vegas).  We originally chose Circus Circus because it sounded child friendly.  There is a Midway of arcade games, and an on site indoor Amusement Park.  For those purposes, it was fine.  You couldn't beat the price either (about 40 bucks a day...Saturday was 80 though).  The rooms are fine.  They were clean and provided ample room. Nothing fancy, new or renovated.  We were on a non smoking floor, which had an ashtray near the elevator (go figure??).  The smell of cigarette smoke still  lingered in the hallway on the way to our room.. The public areas (casino, lobby, etc) were very dark and unappealing.  Almost all walking areas around the hotel border the casinos, and it is very smoky.  I felt bad for people with small children.  Our 8 year old covered her nose as we rushed in or out of the hotel from our rooms. There was no way to avoid the smoke, even in the children's Midway arcade area.  After visiting the other nicer hotels, it was kind of depressing walking through the Circus Circus lobby on the way to our room.  . . There is absolutely no great restaurant or dining experience at Circus Circus.  Most of it was greasy and tasteless.  Don't do the buffet.  When all else fails, there is a McDonalds on site.  Good for a quick tea or coffee before getting out and about during the day.  We had most of our meals outside at other hotels or restaurants along the Vegas Strip.  There is a city bus (the Deuce) you can take.  $5 will get you rides for 2 hours, $7 will allow you to ride for 24 hours.  You get on and off as much as you want up until your ticket expires.  This allowed us to get all around town, to the best eating places around (note the Red Rock Canyon Resort has an amazing buffet...if you get a free player card at the resort, the breakfast was only $4.99).  Saying this, because you can take 2  Deuce buses there (I think you need to transfer).. . If you are spending most of your time away from the hotel (like we did...we were out by 9am and didn't usually return until after 9pm), this budget saver hotel cannot be beat.  There were many large families, senior sight seeing groups and young couples planning to experience the Vegas strip 24/7 (needing only a place to crash and sleep).. . However, if you would like to linger and relax in the hotel room, spend time lounging at the pool or have memorable and tasty dining experiences, choose another spot.  Next time we go, we will stay at another hotel, and just visit Circus Circus for the amusement park and Midway.. . Finally, you CAN go with kids...if your sole purpose is not for gambling and adult fun.  First I was skeptical. Then we found Red Rock Canyon, Mandalay Bay Shark Reef, the hotel outdoor extravaganza shows (Bellagio, Treasure Island, Mirage), Groupon deals and many other things for kids, adults and families.
Circus Circus is alright but I wouldn't go here often. I wanted to try the buffet because it was cheap but it wasn't even good. The food was bland and it just didn't satisfy me one bit. I would not go here again for the buffet because there are way better buffets out there than this one.
I'll be first in line to watch this dump get imploded. . . Where to start? Reserved a room with 2 queen beds 2 months in advanced and they gave us one with 1 king bed when we arrived. They didn't even notify us at the check in that they messed up (which by the way the check in line had over a 100 people in line at 1:30am) The room had mold every where and we found a cockroach in the bathroom. We didn't care too much at that point because we just wanted to use the room to crash. . . It's very poorly laid out, you'll find yourself doing way too much walking in there, you're far away from every other casino so a cab ride is needed each time you want to leave. It took us 10-15 minutes to get from the room to get outside to the strip. Then its another 20 minute walk to Encore and Wynn. . . A dealer at a blackjack table asked us how our stay was going and we told her it was alright and that we had a cockroach in our room. She told us we should get a new room and a discount so she brought the manager over as we were playing and he set us up in the Skyline tower with 2 queen beds like we had originally reserved and 40% off. So for that Circus Circus gets an extra star. Otherwise it's a 1/5, Excalibur is the same price and much better.
Casino was ok, but the hotel portion wasn't up to par. The sink wasnt draining properly nor was the tub. I won't be back
If you don't have kids stay away! If you do have kids what are you doing in Las Vegas? I hate all the smoking indoors. Couldn't find any quality food at the hotel.
Went back here with my grandparents and mom for my grandma to gamble while me and grandpa and mom went to the adventuredome. It was fun but a little boring. We went on the Rim Runner and the rollercoaster. The hotel has been remodeled a little bit, but still has some touches that should be done here and there. The buffet was gross and the food was dry and hard to eat.
Kinda dirty, dingy, not great gambling, not great food, a place for kids, but I didn't see the appeal.  They have lots of games and kid-related stuff, but I didn't love Circus Circus.  Plus, the walk from the monorail to here was a half mile in the heat of nothingness.  Forgettable.
Was looking for something cheap to spend one more night in vegas. 30$ for 1 night. Cannot beat that. My room was better that expected, mostly clean. I was in room 2508 in building C of a section called the circus manor. Feels a little bit like a concentration camp. Biggest negative point: you are at the far end of the strip and have to take a bus or walk 30 minutes to get to the center of the strip.
The only reason this place got any stars out of me was because of the Adventure Dome. As far as entertainment for kids, it was fantastic and worth the money. I would not recommend eating or sleeping here. Their restaurants in their food court served bland food, not worth the money you pay for. We even tried eating at the McDonalds upstairs, because I thought I knew what to expect. The service was horrible! As far as sleeping there, they messed up our room reservation and gave us one king instead of two queens. We were tired from our six hour drive, so we opted to have a rollaway bed brought up instead of going downstairs to switch rooms. Bad idea, my daughter ended up getting lice! We know it was the rollaway bc my husband, two little boys and I slept on the king bed and we didn't get lice. We asked twice for our room to get cleaned and it never did. When I called for extra towels they took over an hour to bring them up. Our relaxing family trip to Vegas was ruined and our entire family was so relieved to go home.
I've had better accommodations as a soldier in the field compared to my stay here at circus circus
I stayed here when I went to EDC in 2011 and promised myself I would never come back. However, a friend of mine had reserved a room for the weekend and couldn't go so she let me stay in her room for free.. . The first time I stayed here, the room smelled literally like s***. We called the front desk and they sent a maid to spray some air freshener around the whole room which didn't work. It was horrible! The bedding was ugly and the room was dark and dreary. The same with the second time. There was a odd smell and parking was weird. . . Just spend a little more and stay at a better hotel.
The only reason my friends and I stayed here was because it was cheap and they were having a promotion for a particular weekend I decided to fly out here.. . The place is outdated, musty and in need of a facelift. The hotel has two towers and has full casinos downstairs, restaurants, mini marts, bars and the midway where you can watch free circus acts and play games.. . The room we got had two queen beds with a bathroom. It was small, smelled musty and the walls were so thin. You could hear the family in the next room. They didn't have a fridge and the given toiletries were minimal. The only good thing about the room was probably the beds and the thick curtains to keep the sun out. During the night/mornings there would be weird noises, every time someone would flush their toilet or shower you could hear the pipes making loud noises in the wall. I didn't get much sleep because of the darn room!. . I enjoyed the mini bar downstairs in the lobby where you can buy yard drinks, definitely get a strong Strawberry Daiquiri! Keep the cup to refill, saves you about ten bucks. The Westside Deli and the Pizzeria is pretty good to fill up your tummy as well. Hit up the Blackjack tables, my friends got pretty hot tables here.. . This place is cheap, but inconveniently located off the strip. So this is idea for families or those not really here to fully indulge in sin city. . . Paid about $570 for 3 nights here.
Truly the only good thing about this place is that they have a wonderful steakhouse (i.e. THE Steakhouse), oh and our room did have a nice view of the surrounding mountains (we were high enough up to ignore the seedy area around the hotel). Speaking of seedy, the entire place (inside and out) has a dirty/seedy vibe and every time I left the hotel room (which was often because of the horrible stench in the room), I felt vaguely unsafe, like I was walking through a rough inner city neighborhood.. . The staff were pretty helpful, however most of them seemed really unhappy to be there (I don't blame them at all).. . My advice is to pay a little more to stay at a nicer place up the strip (and I strongly advise against bringing your kids here!).
Depressing.
Room are better than the used to be.  The staff is ok.   But the main hotel is a little dirty and the pool is so so.  I would not recommend going for the pool.  Nothing to get excited about.   But the price is right for what you get.
Unfortunately, this hotel really shows its age. The big positive is the kids area with the rides and other attractions. Another positive is the Circus Circus dog although I've heard it's more expensive now than it used to be. I wouldn't recommend staying here, but you should at least stop by if you have kids or if you want a good hot dog.
The place is dirty due to the lazy staff.  There were graham crackers scattered all around the bed.  The place seemed like it was just half ass cleaned.  . . The clock didn't work, every tv channel was snowy, remote control did not work, and the AC kept shutting off.    All this happened in the sky rise area.  . . All the house keepers that worked the 28th floors in the sky rise August 13-14 should be fired.    . . Other than that the casino was nice, plenty of slots and entertainment.  . . The pool area wasn't bad.  Definitely a lot of kids since its circus circus.  And that means The ool was dirty. Notice that I kept the P out of pool, however I don't think that was the case in that pool.
Okay, so from what I am reading, a lot of other people got sort of "conned" into this hotel and I am no exception. We booked a trip through gate1travel.com and when you are booking they give you the options for hotels. The default booking is for Circus Circus, NOT Circus, Circus Manor Motor Lodge. It says three stars and even says this on gate1's travel site: "The rooms are fitted with contemporary decor and furnishings. All rooms are equipped with amenities that will be sure to make your stay pleasant, such as internet access (surcharge), a hair dryer, and a television with cable channels.". We looked up Circus Circus, saw it was nothing special, but alright and went for it...and found out that in fact, we were in the Manor Motor Lodge.. Now, I KNOW that this is gate1's fault and I'll be taking it up with them as well. Also, I want to point out that on my second night, I complained and they put us in a suite for the night, so this is nothing against the overall hotel, but there are still a few things people need to know staying here.. Rooms: They are DUMPS in the manor motor lodge. I asked, when we were checking in, if those rooms had been redone at all and was told that "all the rooms have been updated in SOME way"...well I don't know what way this room had been updated. The carpets were worn and stained. The bedding was the polyester crap from the 80s. The wallpaper was stained and peeling off the walls. The bathroom floor had cracks in the tile and a permanent grunge that could never been cleaned. It looked like a motel room you see in horror movies!. The hallways were constantly loud and smelled of marijuana, with cheap, apple air freshener over top, which was interesting because of the number of small children running around with distinctly trashy families. I even made a joke with a cab driver in Las Vegas, that we were NOT ugly enough to be staying in this hotel. He agreed and said it was the butt of the joke of cabbies on the strip. Good to know.. . Hotel: The hotel amenities are geared towards children, but are basically a money grab. There is a small, indoor amusement park that costs something like $8/30 second ride. There are shops and restaurants, but non are high end. We ate at three places while there and overall they were crappy. I'll give those individual ratings though.. . Service: This was very good actually. I had a very pleasant bell hop help us out and all the wait staff and cleaning staff were very nice and the woman whom I complained to was very receptive and polite, so that earns them an extra star.. . The thing with the hotel is that even these rooms we were stuck in, fall under 3 stars, even though they, by themselves, would barely qualify as 1 star rooms, because the whole hotel falls under one heading.. . SO, lesson to be learned, these rooms are NOT nice rooms. The hotel is considerably crappier than other hotels. It's also quite far from the main strip. BUT it is cheap. If you are (for whatever God-awful reason) bringing children to Vegas, I guess this would fit the bill. Otherwise, if you're just looking for a bed and a cheap one, this also fits the bill. The beds, I will say, had clean sheets and were comfortable. But don't be fooled into thinking you're getting this amazing deal on a three star hotel. You're not. You're getting an average deal, on 1 star accommodations.
Circus CIrcus is still using the carpet and decor from the 1980's!  BUT, the prices are 2009!!!  The buffet is now $15.99 (go to the RIveria for $16.99)...I'd never go back!  The bars and the other more intimate restaurants are ok, but still...pricey for what they are.
The only reason we stayed here is because of the price. However, after realizing that you have to pay 15 bucks to have a coffee maker,  all of the incidentals that many are used to will add up to a night at one of the nice hotels . Sadly, our room had lipstick kisses on two walls, a mysterious sticky black thing under the bed, an almost backed up sink, and a dirty brown smudge on the wall. However, the bathroom was clean and the beds are okay. If you have a family, this place is awesome because there is always something to do! There is an arcade, an amusement park, lots of food places, and venders selling useless crap that will make your head spin. The slots aren't too shabby either, especially the carousels with penny slots! If you have not stayed here, it's definitely an experience. For me, this is the first and last.
Place use to get a 4 out of me when I was little. My folks would take me here on the numbers Vegas jonts they would have. However, over the years the quality, upkeep, and dingyness is just questionable on sight.. . If you are looking for an extremely cheap stay (this includes the quality) you will find this place to your liking.. . Gambling here is depressing...
The hotel and the room itself are clean and the staff is friendly. Parking in the old garages is a nightmare, especially if you drive a larger vehicle. Also, if you stay in the Skyrise Tower make sure your room doesn't face the Adventure Dome or you will have a lot of noise until late at night.
Not a great hotel.
No one here seems to be trained in the hospitality business. Circus games for the kids will burn a hole through ur wallet. Carpets in room hallway looks like it hasn't be cleaned in 10 years. If you can get room rates for $30/night then it's worth it. Otherwise, go elsewhere for better clowns. For a place that is supposed to be geared for parents with kids, this place is a bust. Southpoint does a better job.
We only came here because of the girls....I mean they needed to blow off some steam so we let them run wild to play games, ride roller coasters, and other rides. I would not stay here at this hotel for a night, but that was never our intention anyways!
If you're looking for an uber-cheap place to sleep in Vegas, Circus Circus might do it for you.  Our room was surprisingly spacious and updated - clean, comfortable and gobs of room to unpack and hang out.. . However, that's about the end of anything remotely great that happened here.  The rest of the casino / hotel felt dirty, old and uncomfortable.  We couldn't wait to get out the second we stepped in.  It felt like walking into a bad part of town Walmart, except instead of the elderly greeters you have massively depressed looking employees and clowns everywhere.  Oh mah gah.. . Also, for some reason I had a hard time figuring out where to check in upon arrival.  Maybe I'm distracted by blinking lights to easily, but the front desk was a bit tucked away and caused a luggage lugging excursion around some very drunk gamblers.  . . Major bonus points for the Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas flashbacks though.. . Boy was it a fabulous relief to check out and head over to the Aria (which was perfection) for the remainder of our Vegas stay.  If we ever return to Vegas with our little daughter, we might (might might might) return for a couple of hours to hit up the Adventuredome - but we will stay far away otherwise.
This is the cheap hotel and I mean cheap in every aspect. First time I stayed and last time. The smell is nasty. The bed covers I would not sit on. The internet connection is hideous. The shower had long hair in it. The plumbing sucks. The only thing that is good is the size of the room which is decent. It is a truly 2 star hotel.
Good place to bring kids to the Adventure Dome and to buy discount concert and show tickets, as far as staying in the hotel though... I think not. It's an older hotel but has not been maintained properly. Also, it's at the end of the strip and there are no trams that they offer to take you to the center of the strip. It always smells like smoke inside and you feel like you walking into a bad part of town. Will never try to stay at this hotel even if it cheaper than all the others on the Strip.
I recently concluded a visit to Las Vegas. Initially, we were to be staying in this hotel. Quite frankly, I'm glad we didn't. The hotel looks old and dirty. The only part of the hotel that I found tolerable to look at was the lobby. This comes at no surprise since in order to check the hotel, one must enter the lobby and that's your first impression of the ENTIRE building. Nice way to trick people. . . Trying to kill some time around the area, we decided to play some games in the arcade. If you're wheelchair bound, it'll be very easy to get lost and you'll probably feel it's impossible to enjoy the "fun" located above the casino. I would consider mapping out your trip of the place before you enter to prevent further frustration.. . After having a little bit of fun in the arcade we had to find out where to redeem our tickets earned. There are two areas. One area is only opened up on the weekends. There is no sign indicating this, so you'll probably stand there for a few moments wondering why employees are passing by you without helping you. Only AFTER we stood around for a few minutes and asked, the employee informed us of another prize station on the other side.. . The wait there was just as irritating. We waited for about five or ten minutes. I was debating whether or not I should simply hop over and collect the proper prizes myself and leave the tickets on the table. Finally, someone showed up. No apology for the long wait, not even a "hello" or a general acknowledgment of our presence.  More of a look of "What do you want"?. . I suppose the upside to the  trip was the employee let us slide with our prizes being 5 tickets short.  But that was really the highlight of my experience with employee contact.. . To the employees: Smile. Guests like me are the reason why you're even employed. Be happy about that.
OH HOLY HELL! So many screaming children! Too many clowns and cheesy carnival games and circus acts. This place is bordering on the 'bad end' of the strip and even has an indoor amusement park under a pink dome with more clowns and cheap food. This place makes me want to hurl, especially after perhaps the worst buffet I've ever encountered. One cool thing though.....I got to meet Sammy Hagar hanging with his family in the coffee house. "I Can't Drive 55"? You couldn't drive fast enough to avoid this place.......A NIGHTMARE INDUCING HELL!
one of the cheapest strip hotels but you definitely get what you pay for.  Compared to other hotels this one is very old and dirty.  Watch out for the Manor lodging.  Its like motel 6 quality rooms.  However I did like being able to park near my room because I'm always driving somewhere when I'm in Vegas.  They do have some renovated rooms in one of the towers that are nicer (but still not up to par to many other hotels).  Its also at the very edge of the strip with no immediate resorts next door.. Many people mention kids getting in the way but I didnt have much a problem with this given I didnt bother with anything in this casino besides going straight to my room.. . I would only recommend this hotel if you are a casino hopper who likes to drive, taxi, or walk long distances from their home hotel, dont care about extra amenities of their hotel, or going for the kids.
If you are coming to Vegas just to party then this place would be good, As you likely won't be doing more than sleeping off a hangover In your room, But being here on business it was really hard to get good sleep, bed sucked, had a lovely view of the roof/solid wall, And crap TV!  The staff is just okay we waited in a long line for over 30 minutes just to check in.
This is my first time writing a review, and I did it because I had such a bad experience at this hotel.. . I got my stay here through another website i think it was hotels.com (not sure though) it was a good deal. 6 nights/7days king size bed with air conditioning and a fridge. Turned out it was at the manors not even connected to the hotel. I decided to upgrade when checking in. The lady was real nice about it and got us the upgrade real easy. Had to wait around about an hour or two because there card system was down.. . From first glance, the hotel looks grimy, old, and wore out.  Same is said of the inside. It's stuffy everywhere and smells of smoke (which isn't to big of an issue for me). .  I went and got my key and went to pick up my luggage because I didn't want to carry it around with me, so I left it at the luggage hold area. No one was at the desk! and their were 4 other people waiting by the time I got there. 20 minutes passed before a lady showed up and started getting people their luggage. smallest quantity at a time. I had 5 so I had to wait until she got through all 4 other people. (she looked super annoyed with her job and looked like she didn't want to be here at all. no care about the customers/clients/guests). . Get up to my room on 6th floor. My room is small with a small bathroom and a door to the adjacent room?? (Security risk any?) air conditioning didn't work, fan had mold on it, of course I didn't realize that until I started to get sick a day later from having it run. No fridge in my room like the deal said. Oh did I say I was put in a smoking room on a nonsmoking floor? because it was the only one available for upgrade. Well after a terrible night's rest, and getting sick from the mold they moved me down the hall to a new room.. . Looks Identical. only they gave me a fridge and a working air conditioner and no door to the adjacent room. Yet the room is placed in a similar location where my last room was, so whats up with that? the view from both rooms is terrible. You mostly look at a building in front of you and the roof of the main building area below you.. . The Buffet Review: 1/5. . Over Priced, terrible selection of foods, and even worse in the taste department.  After waiting in line for about 10 minutes which isn't to bad for lunch time. I got seated and went to look at the foods.  Wide selection of choices they do have.. . My first plate consisted of Mashed potatoes w/ gravy, fried chicken wings, mac & cheese, x2 sausage links, and toast.  The wings, M&C, and potatoes were yucky. tasted like 3 day old KFC, because 2 day old KFC tastes better! The sausage links were cold in the center and under cooked, and the toast was just plain cold.. . 2nd plate was a salad with olives, cheddar cheese, and ranch. Because the rest of the salad makings either don't belong on a salad or belong to a separate salad group. the dressings were miss labeled ( I don't think rang is supposed to be orange?) or they weren't labeled at all. The lettuce was dry and warm which salads aren't supposed to be warm.  I also grabbed a plate of sliced cherry pie, my thought was how can you screw up pie?...Circus Circus did! it tasted like that fake pie you make when your to lazy to make your own or to cheap to buy the good stuff for an extra 2 bucks. Plus it was cold. If anything positive came out of the buffet it was the water. Because at least that they got right. Cold and wet!. . I'm almost done.  Most of the people here are nice. The room keepers if your lucky enough to get English speakers are pretty nice. Unless they don't understand the word go away, or can't read the do not disturb sign. I was interrupted by several room cleaners on several occasions. They just barge right in without saying anything. I don't think they care to read the do not disturb sign clearly placed on the outside door handle. One of them came in while I was undressing ( which I wouldn't mind if she was attractive, which He wasn't) . . The casino area. It clearly states no minors under the age of 21 allowed in or to loiter in the gaming area. I must have seen several kids sitting on the gambling games next to their parents which is illegal.  I even saw a kid sitting at a black jack table, clearly under the age of 15. The waitress/servers in the casino area are not attractive but instead look like 40 year old ladies in terrible shape who shouldn't be wearing said outfits. Plus their service is terrible, they walk around saying "drinks? Drinks" and they walk so fast you have to yell at them to get there attention. Then you don't see one for at least 20 minutes. cheaper to just sit at the bar. Plus I saw several of these servers just coughing on the drinks they were serving, made me sick knowing they coughed on people's drinks.. . Overall a bad stay here. Recommend if your looking for a cheap stay. better staying at a motel or something. Plus some health concerns here!
Avoid this place for everything other than the steakhouse.. . Yes, it's a good deal for the price, but it stinks, it's dirty, it's on the end of the strip, and it stinks.  It really, really stinks--like smoke and ammonia and rotting food.
Ok, so keep in mind I live about 100 yards from this place....... . Rude cocktail servers more often than not. I asked "can I get a drink please?", she says "your gonna have to WAIT". . . Bums sleeping on the front lawn all the time, how quaint!. . Valet sucks, always too busy and not enough valets when I pull up. I waited 12 minutes to drop off my car the other day and gave up as they were too busy to even take my keys.. . NO alcohol in the comp drinks.. . Dirty and old...obviously.. . Players card is different from all other MGM properties, can't combine points.. . MGM needs to sell this place or remodel before it becomes a COMPLETE dump.
You first walk in and there is a massive line to check in(it was like this no matter what time we passed by) when we finally got a rep there was a problem with our reservation the clerk was rude and unhelpful (that should have been our first clue not to stay) we rented two rooms one was in the tower which wasn't bad just outdated but clean the other was across the street in the bungalows we would have had a better room at the super 8 there are a lot more hotels right on the strip for just a little more I won't be back here
Circus Circus has not changed much since 1995, except that the buffet is $15.95 now instead of $4.95 back then!  The decor is stuck in the 1980's and the rooms are, unfortunately worse, with wildly circus-themed decors.  Much better choices!
Never having been to Las Vegas, I figured I was getting a decent deal online with I booked with Circus Circus as a package. However, I was wrong. Next time I think I'll spring for somewhere a little more classy. This place was just OK. I "upgraded" our room to a tower suite, which makes me wonder what the normal rooms looked like. When we got in our room was booked in as 2 queens when I specifically asked for 1 king bed, that was easily fixed though. We got to our room around 11 pm Las Vegas time, but 3 am our time so we just wanted to hit the hay. Lying down to sleep all we heard was the rattling of the broken window. The tiles acting like baseboards in the rooms were crooked and falling off. The halls had a weird chemical but fruity smell I wasn't a fan of and our bathroom on random days had ants. In the end check out was at 11 am and we flew out at 10:45pm so we had to pay an extra $35 to stay for an additonal 3 hrs. I guess in the end this place is good for families, it has it's own little mini theme park inside, a midway full of games and a pool. None of which I really had an interest in. The 2 stars is for the service, all the staff were extremely nice and in the end we still had a good vacation. If your ok with sub-par rooms with good service then this may be a the place for you.
We booked here with the understanding it had the most for kids to do.  Circus Circus fails in it's attempts to co-ordinate staying at the hotel with such activities.  You don't have to stay here to check out the adventure dome or circus acts. We went at the week of the 20th (May) and it was sparse with people. Our kids had limited interest and were bored quickly. (13yrs). . The accomodations (west tower) were ok nothing special but nothing to complain about. No fridge, but not a make or break item. Bath collected water so you were always ankle deep when showering.. . My biggest complaint about this hotel was the lack of enforcement for smokers. There are signs saying strictly prohibited to casino areas, but people smoked everywhere and it was ignored. While most hotels have noticble smoking, the level here was so high I was gasping for air at one point, my wife, myself and one of the kids all were blowing blood out of our noses. and we do not have a medical conditions. I would not book this hotel again the events can be done in a short period of time in one day.  (Note adventure dome is on another floor and was not smokey.. . Maybe they had ventilation problems. Eitherway we checked out early and moved hotels.
Ive stayed here before and thought at the time that it wasnt too bad for the cost but this time around being Memorial Day weekend I was wrong. I had used Expedia and upon checking in and already being charged for the room they sprung on yet another charge, there resort fees. Funny how that wasnt mentioned from Expedia. We were told that we would be staying in the Manor Lodge. Not in the actual casino but across the street!? Talk about invonvience. Upon entering this building it was so old, run down and outdated along with a "musky" smell. Being up for over 24 hours prior all I wanted to do was take a hot shower as soon as I arrived. Bad idea. The bathroom had a layer of dust all over the place, the shower handle actually had mold growing inside and to top it all off the hot water pipes inside the wall were hitting against the wall and making a very loud rattiling. Exiting the bathroom and calling the front desk to complain I actually even noticed the lamp shade on the table was tilted off and hanging. . We were moved to the West Tower room with the help of a bellboy which was alot better and what I was used to from my prior visit but my god the smell of smoke is soooo bad! . The casino is very old and needs a huge make over. Enough with the small shops selling fake jewlert and colognes. The breakfast buffet is not bad but for $16 thats a big breakfast. Eat as much as you can to last till dinner time. . And be prepared for kid kids and more kids not paying any attention and running everywhere. One kid even runs into me and spills his soad on the floor and says nothing. . Next time will pay a bit more and stay at a better place than this. Last time for Circus Circus.
Circus Circus is okay for those who are looking to save money and for families with kids. Other than that, this probably is not the best place. . . Generally, the casino and the Midway reeks of trash and smoke, which can become unbearable especially when it becomes extremely crowded later in the day. . . The Adventuredome is crowded with kids running around and teens in herds, but it definitely seems like a good time for those interested in theme parks. The free and continuous circus acts are also great entertainment. . . Even though it is located on the strip, it is so far away from all the real excitement and you would have to drive to other parking lots if you want to experience the full strip because walking would take a while. If you're looking for the glitz of Las Vegas, stay at the Bellagio or other similar hotels because what you'll get at Circus Circus are touristy souvenir shops, unclean areas, and outdated rooms.  . . Good food options and okay customer service overall. . . Tip: Bring hand sanitizer and/or hand wipes . . Most likely will not be coming back here in the future. . And the clown at the entrance sign is extremely creepy.
Okay, I really hate giving bad reviews but I cannot help this one. I purchased two nights at Circus Circus through Vegas deals and was highly disappointed. We asked for a nonsmoking, which is what they said we got, and the room stunk of smoke. Not only that but there were burn holes in the comforters on the beds. The ad also showed flat screen TV's... they were not. To top it all off, during our second night there I had to kill a coach roach in my own room!! Not cool Circus Circus, not cool!! I give them two stars for the price and that is all. Not going back. Do not recommend.
There was a strange odor when you walked in from one entrance . The hotel is fine for a quick little stay and always very busy . The staff was friendly but if you have the money try to stay closer on the strip . The pool was a tad bit boring and its very a family orientated hotel . So if you with your girl then you may not enjoy the pool . There really wasn't much to the stay but a decent hotel bed . It all depends what you are looking for when you stay .
This review is for the Arcade area.. . Stupid employees, stupid employees everywhere.. . Old machines, old machines everywhere.. . These arcade machines will make you lose money faster than the penny slots downstairs.. . I have a better chance of acquiring a tetanus infection from the machine than finding a good and working machine.. . I had to babysit.
Old and tired arcade.  It was OK for my 10 year old son to kill some time while his sisters went on the Stratosphere.  . . Circus acts are also beyond old and tired.  . . We spent $10 in coins, but it could be seriously much, much more.
I stayed at way worse, and I've stayed at way better. The price is definitely right. This place is definitely the most family orientated hotel/casino on the strip if that's what you're in to. The customer service could definitely use improvement. If you're a low frills type of person, go forit. If you're looking for a Vegas experience, keep looking.
I came here a lot with my parents when I was a kid, and it seemed like the greatest thing ever. However, they have done little to improve the place since then, and it seems to have steadily gone downhill.. . I stayed in the Manor Motor Lodge during my recent stay. Here are just a few of the things that sucked about it: there is no fridge, no microwave, and no coffeemaker; the outlets are loose and won't hold your plugs; I found several bugs. The wifi was pretty decent, but then again it should be for $10 bucks a day (aka the resort fee). . . The Midway, at least, has been updated. One of the last times I made my way there, everything was broken down, so it was nice to see they had fixed some of it up. However, so many of the games are like 2 bucks a pop, and all you win is this crappy little stuffed animal.  The circus acts are pretty cool, though. Oh, and they took away the Carousel Bar. Why?!. . There are so many other options on and off the Strip that you really don't have to settle for Circus Circus if you're looking for a cheap option. I really wish they would step up their game just a bit.
Stayed here on a whim with a girlfriend.... not close to the strip and in a seedy area of town. The rooms were not nice and the bathroom soap was not appealing! The windows opened up all the way leaving a  great bottle opener for our beers along the ledge. I am not sure I would want to take my children there for fun..... but I am sure if your on a tighter budget and just want to have a carnival ride and game weekend, its great.
This place is creepy.
I was just there this weekend and had a very disappointed with one of your employees at the Midway at a Bushel Barrel game, I gave her a $10 asked her to give me two balls she was getting ready to give me back my change of $9 and I get near and tell her once more in a nice matter and softly since it's a senior lady, it's two balls (they are $1 each ball per play) and all of sudden she goes crazy on my saying 'get back, get back no touching' in front of a lot of people, it was quite humiliating as some by standers started laughing, and at that moment I told her 'Forget it' grabbed my $10 from the counter and walked away. It is unfair to drive 200+ miles to stay at your hotel, spend money on slots, and arcade games, souvenirs with my family to get this kind of treatment. . . Now the Hotel is decent if you stay in the West or Casino Towers, they are clean, and the room keepers are nice. . . Checkin time is chaos! so be prepared! . . Overall our stay was decent, but I doubt we will be staying here on our next visit to Las Vegas, they need to improve their customer service first!
My experience here was rather decent though you have to really put into context what you are really getting for your money and the experience you should expect to receive. All the negative reviews really do not do this location justice, as they are mainly slanders of an old casino which has some family elements present. I spent a few nights here taking advantage of a $30.00 a night deal being offered.. . The locations room's have seen a small upgrade in the main tower with modified bathrooms, bedding, and televisions. We stayed here for a total of 4 nights, which were ok until the 3 night when our neighbour took their room over. The connecting wall / door does little to nothing to block the sounds from the other rooms and hallway making for a unpleasurable experience depending on who rooms next to you. However the room was in no way furnished the same way as our other room we had reserved here; meaning, there was a lack of a sitting chair and a floor lamp which our other room did have inside. There are no iceboxes but there is a ice machine on every floor, and the safe located in one of our rooms was permanently locked. House keeping was diligent and serviced our rooms daily, too bad the towels were a little rough... The resort fee includes WiFi which was not too terribly slow, free parking, and access to the outdoor pool. The pool itself has seen better days and lacks any real heating, which makes it a little dissatisfying compared to other hotels on the strip - also the hot tub area is rather poor too.  . . Walking around the establishment you will have wished to have dropped LSD to enjoy the insanity of the experience. In no way shape or form should this casino be regarded as anything less than a former glorious dive of a strangely themed casino. Some how playing slots on a spinning carousel does not really hit home with myself, and I found a lot of the "entertainment" to be too childish and geared for children.  The tables are cheap and filled with boring dealers who loathe the fact they are working at Circus Circus - maybe if they all had red clown noses the experience for myself would been more pleasurable.. . For the children the second floor of the casino floor has arcade games, prizes, and entertainment for the whole family.The arcade games are nearly all broken and boring, I found myself wondering why I wasted a Dollar on a machine that does not properly work or look like it has been updated in years. . . Food selection offered is a joke and I will not write about them except for The Steakhouse which in a Chuck E Cheese's for adult's is the only reputable place to dine on the property. . . This location offers a AVIS rent a center for drop-offs and pick-ups, a Tix 4 Tonight, and a multiple rollercoaster theme park. During October the location becomes horror themed and has been well received from others reviews I've read. . . If this location did not have some the cheapest rooms in town during my stay I would have never considered the Circus Circus as anything more than a jokeish nightmare to stay at for a few days. I can say however that it was not as bad as I initially thought but will never return unless there is a huge revamp and a change of theme. . . 2 Stars - the location is very cheap and offers unbeatable deals for rooms but at the sacrifice of the style and sophistication most places now represent on the strip.
I considered giving 3 stars but based on our checkout they dropped another star. My husband and I checked in with a friend making it a total of two rooms. We booked over the phone and we're told that our rooms were recently renovated and would be in there sky rise tower. So as we check in to this sky rise tower we are shocked at the old rooms, smelling like an ash tray for non-smoking rooms with no a/c on. I called immediately about our concerns and the front desk kindly moved us to the west tower at no upgrade fee. . . Now, if this is all that would have happened along our stay I could have rated them 4 stars. Now we are settled in and very happy with our new rooms. One night after seeing a show we come back late to find that our friends key isn't working and need to reach front desk to issue a new key. The front desk tells us their machines are down and might take up to 30 minutes to restore but they will call security to let him in. My husband and I are off to bed thinking our friend will have no issues with his room but yet security is unable to open the door and now needs to call a locksmith (by this time it's almost 4:30 am) and we all needed sleep. Locksmith shows up and opens room after almost an hour of waiting and tells my friend that he might not be able to get back in tomorrow and will have to call for another locksmith to replace the lock. The next morning I call front desk and share our concerns and they offer us nothing but an apology. We had to call a locksmith for a lock that wasn't our problem, spend the next hour in a half getting the lock replaced. At this point I am very upset that our friend had to be put through such a hassle caused by Circus Circus and no one even bothered to show their concerns about our stay. . . I had to speak to management at which they offered us a credit for our friends room of the resort fee a whopping $46. The story continues but I choose to let the other minor things slip off, like the total b**ch at the front desk who gave no concern for great customer service and had an attitude with the guest before me and then treated us the same. Ironically she didn't wear a name tag because she probably gets called out all the time for her shitty service. Bottom line, our rooms were nice but will consider the way we have been treated by this hotel for any future visits.
BE CAREFUL NOT TO BOOK "MANOR" ROOMS. They are like a motel in back of the main property, not connected to the main hotel. It's a far and lonely walk from strip back to your room. You get that warm safe feeling that you get in the Wynn. . . If the accountants and execs at MGM are wondering why their company is hemorrhaging cash Circus Circus is the place to look. The property is in tear down condition and no one is in the Casino. There is an entire floor of games but I still wouldn't bring kids here. The Luxor is a much better place to take your family, please don't take them here. Two stars only because the price is right.. . MGM executives, board members, and shareholders. I am now talking directly to you. Circus Circus is breathing it's last breaths. The selling of gaudy Mercedes and Playboy branded rapper/thug necklaces tells me this. No educated person(people with money) would wear these. Casino/hotel competition is pretty stiff. If you do decide redevelop I would go heavy in the shopping store theme. There is a paradigm shift in the Vegas business model toward shopping from gaming. Your second and I think best option would be to prep the property for sale.
I stayed at west tower, it was ok, rooms smelled great and clean, affordable.. The buffet was awful. Next time I will pick another hotel.
I remember back in the 80's, Circus Circus was the place to gamble and stay before the Mirage opened. Now, it's just a complete dump that had a few renovations over the years with the smell of piss as their hotel fragrance.. . This hotel is on the same league as the Excalibur, Luxor, Riviera, and the Quad. Located on the north part of the strip in a bad area, I wouldn't walk outside towards the main part of the strip, (Caesar's Palace, Mirage, Treasure Island, Venetian, the Flamingo Hotel) but if you insist of walking outside at night to gaze in the Vegas lights. Stay with a big group and ladies, carry pepper spray if you're traveling alone. . . The one thing I like about Circus Circus is the price and the cheap eats compared to the strip. Although the casino is not as fancy as the newer hotels, I love playing the clown slots and some of the staff was ok in terms of customer service. The clientele reflects the condition and price of the hotel. Entertainment options like the infamous, Free Circus Acts, the huge arcade, and the Adventure Dome (Formally the Grand Slam Canyon) are what draws me back to Circus Circus.
