WOW!  Can we say BIG FAT DISAPPOINTMENT??. . The first time I tried to line up here, they said it would be a 1.5 hour long wait.  Good thing we decided to go elsewhere because if I waited 1.5 hours to eat Hash House, I would have been even more upset.. . The second time I came back, we were seated within 15 minutes.  Outside, you see pictures of celebrities that have eaten at Hash House.  The main reason I decided to visit Hash House was because of the raving reviews Adam Richman gave on Man vs. Food.  Adam, your credibility is seriously on thin ice with me after my experience here.. . Hash House is located inside the Imperial Palace hotel along the strip.  Is it just me or does this place feel cold and unclean?  . . Service here was also iffy.  It took our waitress a while for her to come over and take our drink orders and the restaurant wasn't even full.  She also disappeared at the end of our meal after she dropped off our check.  Then, she charged us an extra $2.50 for a split plate!  Ridiculous.  If I could give a negative star on service, I would.. . Hash House is all presentation.  Their dishes come out looking massive!  Andrew D. and I ordered the chicken eggs benedict and I was SERIOUSLY disappointed.  Eggs benedict is my FAVORITE breakfast meal, but the dish SERIOUSLY lacked flavor and kick.  I was waiting for my taste buds to be stimulated, but alas, it was bland.  I ended up having to season the thing to the best of my ability with the tabasco sauce, ketchup and black peppers we had at the table.. . Our whole group left feeling unsatisfied and a little bitter for having to waste our money on this place.  IIII felt bad also for making the group come back not ONCE, but TWICE to give it a try.. . Do yourself a favor and find another place to have breakfast at.  Hash House is all talk and no flavor.
I was REALLY looking forward to this... I was.  I got super excited when I saw the restaraunt.com coupons out there for them and even plotted a time that I figured they wouldn't be too busy so that I could sneak in with my family and get a nice dinner.  . So we show up at 530p on Saturday and the place was absolutely empty.  Sat down and were promptly waited upon.  Made my selection of the tenderloin at the top of the menu and my wife had the butternut squash (she's nutso for squash).  Waiter arrives about 5 minutes later with HUGE biscuits with honey.  Great!!  It went downhill from there.. When the entrees arrived, all I can say is HOLY &%^$, those are huge portions.  But what they make up for in volume is the huge blandness and poor flavoring.  The tenderloin had an orangish/brown sauce that had zero redeeming value and it was rather thick and gloppy.  There was melted cheese in the mashed potatoes that was like a nasty skin.  The tenderloin was a little overcooked.  My wife said her squash had no real interesting flavor, just seemed baked and the risotto inside was just very average.  However, we did have enough to take home to feed a small family.. Nice people, huge portions, but nothing really great.
After 600+ reviews, I'm still going to review it for myself. Firstly, I was royally pissed when we came and was denied seating until our whole party was there. This I would understand if it was busy, or a weekend, or whatever - not a Wednesday morning when more than half the place is empty. So after waiting for our friends we go BACK up and get seated. I was getting the shakes by then bc I needed food so bad and just ordered and waited. Really couldn't care less about the place until I got my food. Ordered an Apple Juice for my drink and it was really good. It tasted like it was freshly pressed. The order came and yes, it was huge, but stop looking at the size people and realize that they put almost 2in high of mashed potatoes under EVERYTHING. Oh, and one thing I wasn't happy about, they don't list what is actually on/in the dish. They didn't mention that it had a type of salsa on top, or that it was on top of mashed potatoes. What if I had an allergy??? Not good!. . So anyway, yes portions were HUGE, but frankly I've had better. Maybe it was just what I ordered, but I won't exactly be rushing to this place anytime soon.
I'm sure HH-a-go-go is capable of delivering a positive experience in both the food and service categories. Unfortunately, when my girlfriend and I had breakfast there over MLK weekend, they failed on both counts.. . We waited 20 minutes to be sat, as it was busy. No problem, I don't mind a wait. We were sat pleasantly enoughh, but that's it as far as the positives. . . Our server was overwhelmed, and we weren't even acknowledged for quite some time. When we were finally acknowledged, the server looked completely frazled. Also, our table was missing a place-setting and had not been wiped down fully. All this stuff is understandable from time-to-time, and I wouldn't even mention it if not for the fact that the whole experience was subpar. One or two small items, no problem, but everything going poorly? Not good.. . I ordered the chicken and asparagus hash with eggs, and my girlfriend ordered the fried chicken and waffles. We didn't receive our food for at least 30 minutes, and when it came out, only mine came. The server said: "We're going to start you with the chicken and asparagus hash," like it was an appetizer or something. Funny.. . After at least five minutes and my girlfriend's food having not arrived, I tried to find our waiter, but he was nowhere to be found. I flagged down another waiter and asked to see a manager. He arrived a couple minutes later and I asked him where my girlfriend's order might be, and he assured me it would be right out. Several minutes later, my girlfriend's fried chicken and waffles arrived.. . The food: The coating was delicious, as was the maple syrup reduction. The chicken was very, very dry, however, and the waffles were soggy. My dish lacked seasoning and was actually quite bland. I also asked for it to come with mozarella, and they forgot that.. . All in all, not a very pleasant dining experience at all. We will not be back.
My friends and I decided to try this place out because we had seen it featured on TV.  Overall, we were pretty satisfied with the meal.  The biscuits and gravy were great.  My corned-beef hash dish came out a tad cold.  But the Hash House is really about quantity over quality, with portions ranging from large to HUGE.. . Unfortunately, our entire experience was ruined by a group of douchebags sitting at a nearby table.  It was 10am, and they were clearly drunk, probably having gotten started the night before (It IS Vegas, after all).  They were incredibly loud and disruptive, dropping F-bombs, N-bombs (they were NOT African American, by the way), and other ethnic slurs just to make sure every race was covered.. . All the while, the restaurant management did nothing.  We know for a fact that the manager on duty heard all the noise, because serving station was nearby and he actually brought us much of our food.  The wait staff, many of whom must have been insulted by the cussing and racist comments, said nothing.  Despite the fact that families with children, couples, and tables of mixed ethnicity were all sitting nearby, no one from the restaurant staff made any effort to ask these jerks to keep it down or to at least tone down their language.  Was it really up to us to confront these obnoxious people if we wanted to eat in peace?  Was the management going to just stand by and say nothing until someone made a stink about it?  I guess so.... . They guys left before anyone confronted them, but the damage was done.  I think a restaurant owner or manager who truly cares about his/her customers would have done something about it rather than let 4 or 5 losers completely ruin a meal for the 20+ people around them.
Pros:  . -Snickers pancake. . Cons:. -The wait is pretty long.  I thought it was because it was popular and crowded but.... -The service is absolutely atrocious.  We waited 15 minutes to get our drinks.. -The waitress was a bitch.  There, I said it.  With the breakfast, you get an option of grilled or fried potatoes.  She didn't ask my friend or I which we wanted, and when we requested the grilled, she seemed VERY annoyed.  She actually said, "Um, this customer has decided now that she wants grilled potatoes, so could you bring those out?".  I didn't decide then... I was not given the option like I was supposed to have been given.. -The food came out at all different times.  My boyfriend didn't get his meal until a good five minutes after everyone else's slowly came trickling out.. -The servings were massive.  I like a big serving now and then, but these were a blatant waste of food.  It was almost offensive.. -The food wasn't that great.  I got one of the scrambles and it was serviceable.  Was it worth an hour wait?  Absolutely not.  Also, the iced coffee tasted like shit.. . Long story short, I will not be coming back here.  I was shocked that it was so well renowned.
Alright this place is officially overrated.  After a dismal experience last July at their San Diego location with a breakfast I had, I held my review in hopes they would redeem themselves on a second visit. Didn't happen. . . After a morning of driving from L.A. and doing some shopping, I was more than ready for some food. So we hit up the yelp and this place hit our radar. . . For a Friday lunch they were kinda slow, buteven so the hostess said there'd be a 10-15 minute wait? Odd seeing as we could see empty tables. We opted to do the manly thing and sit in the bar area. Service was great from the bartender.  Ordered was the Ham/Egg Burger $11.95, Spinach salad $8.95 (for some roughage) and the Mac & Cheez $2.95. . . The best thing of the lunch was expelling it from my body the next morning. Sorry, but true. Okay, the fries were good. But this place is such a facade. Facade in that the dishes look appealing and are huge portions, but below the service sits mediocre food. . . The Spinach Salad was over dressed with the raspberry vinegrette to the point that it was sickening sweet. The burger was just a mess. The ham added nothing to the taste and just added to create an even larger mess amongst all the ingredients. The mac-n-cheese was penne pasta with what seemed like a cheap cheese smothering everything. . . So I'm guessing that a lot of the 4 and 5 star reviews are from hungover breakfast patrons who get blinded by the large portions and appealing plating and just are hungry to the point that they really aren't out for flavor and quality.
More like Hash House a NO NO! For dinner at least.... . Sure, if you're looking to pick up a few rosemary trees this is the place for you. Never in my life have I seen an 8 inch log of rosemary used as a decorating piece in my food. Ya, definitely not getting that one chef. . . My wife wanted to order hash, which is why we went to HASH House a Go-Go, as hash is traditionally served with poached eggs, and they only serve it with scrambled eggs with dinner. WHAAAA? So it's okay to have poached eggs for breakfast but not for dinner.  Hmmph. . . I had the chicken and biscuits. The gravy was schmeh. Yep, just schmeh. The chicken was tougher than a boiled owl. The asparegus was so tough that I couldn't even cut it with a steak knife. The only good thing about the meal were the biscuits. They were very good.. . One of the more disappointing dining experiences I've had in a while. With so much talk about how amazing this place was I expected a lot more. Not a very value friendly place either. . . No no for the Go Go.
Hmm. What can I say? . . I got the duck breast. It was decent. A little overcooked for duck breast but certainly edible and very flavorful. . . But what's with all the fixin's? Not only is there too much on the plate but there are too many items. Goat cheese, prosciutto, cashews, spiced yams, carrots, green beans, and more. But it doesn't all taste good together. They are all great edible items but they aren't really "ingredients" to a single cohesive dish. FAIL.. . And to top it off, literally, there's an inedible twig of Rosemary and some sort of uncooked pasta noodles sticking up out of the mound of food. Waitwhat? Yeah. . . I feel as if somewhere, like at the original HH in San Diego, the food is prepped and cooked the way that it is supposed to be. But here in Vegas, in this chain, it's lost in translation. . . You're better off going to a restaurant on the strip. Or Chinatown.
On the advice of Guy Fieri, we decided to check out Hash House.  He has his own show (and his advice has been pretty on-point in the past), so I considered anything he said golden. My bad.... Don't get me wrong, Hash House isn't bad, it just isn't anything different from your average breakfast place.  I love me a good breakfast, but Hash House didn't exactly serve the best tasting breakfast. Sure it was HUGE and it was filling, but as far as the tastebuds go, they weren't dancing...more like bobbing to the beat..no, not even that.  Sorry!. I ordered the veggie house hash (was that my mistake?) and dude ordered the bacon waffle and eggs.  It was okay, but, again, we've both had much better breakfasts.. Luckily, we didn't have to wait long since it was late morning on a Tuesday.  Service was good.  I guess my only complaint is that if it wasn't for DDD, there wouldn't be that much Hash House Hype.
The chicken was dry and while it had flavor, I couldn't swallow it. . . Not worth the money. The commercial lied.
I agree with the reviews that think this place is totally overrated. Having seen the San Diego version on the Food Network and hearing rave reviews from friends, I decided to finally give Hash House A-Go-Go on Sahara a try to have breakfast with my sister and her two little boys. If you are looking for a brunch place on Saturday where you can actually hear the person sitting next to you, not the place to go. . . First, being 10:30am on a Saturday, there was a 30 minute wait for first available (inside or outside). There's minimal spots to sit inside so we had to wait out in the chill. When finally seated inside, a DJ was blasting Lady Gaga so loud, I couldn't hear what my five year old nephew sitting right next to me wanted to order. This "club-esque" music lasted most of the breakfast and was a very irritating. Maybe I missed the "Saturday Brunch Party" memo.. . I split a decent $8.50 Bloody Mary with my sister that came with a green bean, stuffed olive, and sweet pickle. I ordered what I thought was the "Warsaw Hash" which was a Brunch special they had for $10.95. After waiting 25 minutes for our food, the portion was pretty sizeable and I ended up taking half of it home. The quality, however, was a little bland. There were big chunks of ground Turkey and pieces of bacon and melted cheese on potatoes. Nothing amazing. I did try my nephew's cinnamon french toast and that was pretty yummy.. . Overall I found the place a mix of hipsters, hipster wannabes, and trendy yuppies looking for a place "cool" to eat at. The wait was long to sit, get our food, and get boxes and have the check paid. It took us an hour and fifty minutes to eat and get out. Definitely not a place for a relaxing breakfast.
Let's be honest folks, you saw this place on your Tell-A-Vision and were hoping to catch a celebrity eating here or you were simply wanting to be able to brag back home that you ate here after you:. . (Choose one or more) . . A. Lost your ass at the poker table.. B. Won huge grips of money at the craps table.. C. Banged two hookers at the same time.. D. Snorted lines of coke off a stripper's ass at Spearmint Rhino.. E. Robbed a casino.. F. Base jumped off the fake 1/2 sized Eiffel Tower.. G. Insert your own exaggeration here.. . I noticed a trend in the ratings.  Most out-of-towners give Hash House A No Go high marks whereas Vegas locals (which I was for 11 years) call it out for what it really is.  An expensive, over-hyped diner that made it on a few cable travel/food shows which consistently serves up large portions of crap.. . Enjoy that big plate of dry, unseasoned, overcooked matter garnished with a big rosemary sprig!  I hope you at least managed to get Al Roker's autograph!
Was here about a year ago and liked it enough to go back.  Big disappointment this time.  The food was still pretty good although the waffles came out soggy on the chicken and waffles.  Home fries with the meatloaf hash were fantastic.  The meal was completely spoiled by the music which was so loud you could not talk to the person sitting next to you.  OK for a bar, not so much for breakfast.  I enjoy an off beat atmosphere as much as anyone.  But don't give me a headache with my breakfast.
THE HYPE THE HYPE! DONT BELIEVE THE HYPE!. As a former local..I love to give my money and time to local (kind of) off strip places. We wanted to try it when living in Summerlin, but we just never found the time...so much to eat, so much to eat. This was my son's birthday wish, so it was granted.. Pancakes - HUGE...super dry. Hashbrowns - ENORMOUS also super dry.  Eggs were what saved the plate (barely).  We couldve gone to Circus and had a nice quiet and tasty breakfast buffet ...but NO.  . We couldve even gone to the cracked egg...but NO.  . Waste of money and time and calories.  It's more of an adventure than a meal.
One star for the food and Once Star for the service.. . I have been to the hash house  a few times, but never have I experienced bad service until just recently.  . . I came here with my parents and sister.  Upon arriving we were told we had a 25 minute wait, which was fine.  However, once we were seated we had to wait 25 minutes to order drinks, and place our order (we did both at the same time).  Finally after waiting another 25-30 minutes we got our food.  I'm sorry but spending an hour and half to get mediocre food is just lame.. . I got a portabello burger with home fried potatoes.  I love the breakfast potatoes which is why I want to come.  Since I had never been for lunch I thought I would try a lunch item.  It sucked.  I didn't' get any sauce or cheese because of dairy..but they did not even offer any alternates. The end result was a bland lunch.. . This place is cute for breakfast, and fun to go to look at the epic food portions.  But after this past experience I won't come back or recommend it.
Wild menu..huge portions .. Just ok.
So they serve massive portions of food and then try and squeeze my fat ass into a booth that had to have been made for a child. If your skinny and eat giant piles of food, give it a try, it you have some weight on you be ready to be embarrassed. I just left.
SERVICE IS A MUST! . . Immediately, my expectations were high thanks to Man v. Perhaps too high. After arriving with a party of 7, me and the crew realized that we should have sat separately as it took nearly 15 minutes for someone to happen by and take our drink order. One of the members of our group was unsure of his order so we asked the server to take the rest of them and put them in. She took the orders and never placed them instead she waited another 15 minutes and finally took my friends order and placed it with ours. After the third trip to the table it was impossible to find he again. We confronted the manager and he said he would take care of it. Which apparently meant she was going to complain to us about our issues with her services. She finally came back to the table and said "So, you told my manager your not happy with my services?" awkward...and yes that is what she said. No apology, no attempt to make it better, no refills and the service got worse. Service is a BIG part of going out for me. The food can be terrible but if the service is great I just may go back. If you have the BEST food in the world and the service is lousy I will not go back. As for this place I will NOT be going back! . . As for the food... well, it was okay but it was hard to get past the server. Give it a shot and hopefully, your experience with the staff is more pleasant.
I had heard of this place from Man vs Food and was intrigued by the food. I have eaten here three times and each time I have left crestfallen. I probably built it up too much in my head, I'll admit, but the food, while unique and different, is average overall. The best meal I had was the linguini with pesto sauce topped with a slab of meatloaf. The pasta portion was good but the meatloaf was very dry and gave me heartburn for hours afterwards. The meatloaf sandwich? Meh. And standard burger and fries was dry and bad as well. . . I have never tried anything from the breakfast portion of the menu so I will give it one more try and see if they redeem themselves.
Hash House a no go..bwhahaha lame. Meh... its nothing special, Just another trendy spot. They give large portion's size is not always better! I had the chicken fried chicken. Kinda dry and the taters were icky. And they covered the whole thing with fried pasta??? Waaa??? Why? I'm all for garnish but why do it if there's no pasta in the dish itself and its tooth chipping hard? I don't understand the appeal...maybe large branches of rosemary have some kind of herb power. Went once...wont go again.
In the past years I've gone to this place a few times and it's been fantastic!  The servings were huge and the food fantastic!. But since they've opened up more restraunts the quality of the food has really gone down and I'm sad to say that I won't be back to any of the Vegas restaurants.. The past few times, in the past year and a half, at different Vegas locations it just wasn't as good.  Service isn't as good and the food is just blah...... San Diego's location, they say, is still fantastic.  It is the original!  Next time I'm in San Diego I guess I'll have to stop in and see if still is as fantastic as everyone says it still is!. But as for Vegas locations......it's a NO for me.  I wouldn't reccomend them to anyone.
Ok, so I gave this place a second shot and pretty much had the same experience as before.  It was just meh.  Tried something different and it was slightly cold again.  I doubt that I'll ever go back.
This is one of my "miss" food adventure. Too bad because it was a belated Father's Day brunch for my dad. We still enjoyed it in good spirit, as nothing is direly bad - like fly in the food or we came down with food poisoning - none of that.  What we did though, me and my dad, for a good part of the time spent waiting for our orders was discussing how the decor of the restaurant missed the theme by a ten foot pole. My dad is a professional interior consultant for large scale resorts and casinos with experience more than my age. Anyway, that's probably only for the picky eyes.  I mean, the restaurant is clean, well lighted, good circulation and definitely meet the standard for an "A" restaurant. . . The Food: I will summarize it in 3 letters abbreviation: T.M.E {Too Much of Everything!!!!!}.  If it is to feed a farm worker who tills the field, rolls the hays, stacks pavements stones and whatever hard-manual-calorie-burning labors a farm worker does, then yes the portion is sufficient. But for a paper pusher, computer staring, sitting on your butt all day, going everywhere with cars folks for whom a distance between 1 parking space closer to the storefront is like a matter of life and death, the portion is a little bit much. I'm being sarcastic. Honestly, the portion is waaaaaaaay too much! Hello, people??? Is the coffee they served not thick enough to wake you up that you can see the mound of food in front of you?? Literally the food was stacked up and jabbed through with a big knife. Cool to see, cringe to think that the plate is for one person... ... I can only roll my eyes as people shovel at least half of the plates into their mouths.  Hey, I like to eat and indulge here and there. Regardless of my size. But this is off the chart.. . The taste: Double word: "so-so"  (is it considered one word?) Nothing special here, folks, Move along! To quote the description of the stars rating "Meh. I've experienced better." And I have. Plenty times different other places. Does it taste bad? To be fair, not really. Was it excellent? I really won't go that far! . . My suggestion if you want to eat here:. Treat this place like a family style dining, where you share the food. The more people you have in the party the better. . . For example: The specialty flapjacks can serve 4-6 easy. The hash can serve 2 if you don't order anything else, and 4 if you order the pancakes or waffles. . . We brought home the flapjack that morning, with the toasts, and we were full all the way until 7:30pm (that was a 10 hour filling breakfast!). Perhaps I should add 1 star for it's economical value? .. Nah :p
The food itself is very good if you enjoy the all american southern type of food. I cannot complain about the food because it was large portions, well made, and very unique in itself. I got the corn beef hash and was barely able to finish it. It gives the complete satisfaction of being full. . The service however was absolutely awful. My friends and I came into Las Vegas hoping to visit this place for their breakfast. When we arrived we were seated and ordered from the menu. Right after our food was brought out the checks were brought with them. This is always troubling because when the checks are brought out right away then everyone is concerned about the cost of the meal and not enjoying themselves. It also means we can't order anything else if we want to since it's already been printed. . The next problem was how difficult it is to get water there. I'm not sure if it's a delicacy in the Hash House A Go Go, but the first time we asked the waiter was like "I'll get that right away." He then comes out and starts taking orders from other tables. We then give him a second chance and ask again and he replies "sorry, ill get that in a second." He comes out again without any water and is ready to collect the bill. We then beg him to please get water after all our meals are finished and he finally decides to to come out with the response "the long awaited water." When I go to a restaurant I base my tip solely on how quick they are at refilling my water, how pleasant they are, and if they are checking on our tableor not. If these are done I'll give 20-25% tip. It was hard to give a tip at this place because of how poor the service was.
recently moved to las vegas so i have been trying all of the local hot spots.  obviously has seen/heard of hash house's fame.  decided to give it a go when my parents came to town this past weekend.  . . MEH.  Not impressed in the least.  Seems like the type of place that tries so hard to be non-conformist in their technique/service/menu that they end up coming accross as pretentious - which is laughable for a breakfast place.  i attempted to sub mashed potatoes for crispy potatoes and was told that there were no substitutions because it was a chef inspired menu.. HA!  if i am at Joel Robuchon or any place with a Michelin Star than i understand.. but this was silly.. . all in all the food wasnt anything special unless you are impressed by large portions on average food ala claim jumper.. . In my three months in Vegas i still havent had a better breakfast than what can be found @ Black Bear.
I don't get it.. . Yes, the servings are generous. Yes, there are a lot of people here. And, yes, SOME people love it here. But I don't. . . First of all, we had to wait forever for a table. I get that it's a bust Sunday morning and everyone wants a tasty breakfast, but this place was near that point where you'd rather eat anything than wait in line much longer. Then, when we finally got seated and our orders taken, we had to wait forever for the food, too. Then we finally get our food, which is all very presentable, but not at all very tasty. The quality of the food was somewhere around Denny's, but a lot more expensive. And even though it was a lot of food, it wasn't enough that I could disregard the low quality of it. Fail.. . This place is pretty popular with friends of mine who like the feel and food here. Good on them, but I don't know that I'll be joining them when they ask me to come back out here. I'd much rather get a Grand Slam, thank you.
Another once-landmark that has now lost it's luster.  My biscuits and gravy was so bland it was pathetic.  The gravy tasted like paste and flour with no seasoning whatsoever.  Big portions of shitty food is still shitty food.  Trust me folks, this ain't the food that you see on the Food Network shows anymore!  It's gone way downhill in the past 3 years!  This was my last trip to HHAGG.
If I had to give this place a headline it would be "underspiced, overpriced". I was extremely disappointed with the food. I ordered the Chicken and waffles, boy are they terrible. Bland waffles, tough tasteless chicken and a strange maple reduction that tastes like a soy sauce mixed with Bar-B-que sauce, at almost 20 dollars a plate I expected better(how could the NY times make this their top pick/ ever had roscoes Ny times?). Their drinks are the only saving grace of this restaurant. I had a very good mocha drink and my friend had the watermelon lemonade, both I would order again. Then there is the wait, we had a big group of 7 people and it took them an hour and a half to seat us. Overall I would avoid this place.
I hate to be a downer, but the breakfasts here were so big, they were more disgusting than appetizing. Looking at a foot-tall mound of food after a long night of drinking and gambling is just not OK in my book.
2nd time here and I don't think we'll be back. Portion sizes are ridiculous and when you want to split something they charge you roughly $4 or you can order a side to compensate so I did. We got the breakfast quesadilla with a side of bacon. The quesadilla was very good but the bacon was so frickin' limp and soggy it wasn't even funny.. . If this would've been taken care of in a decent time frame I wouldn't be giving them 2 stars but our waiter didn't check on us until the time for the frickin' check! We ate that huge quesadilla, sat around with no drink refills and then he finally brings the check which I told him to take the bacon off cause I wasn't paying for it.. . Quesadilla - Good. Bacon - Horrible. Service - Sucked.. . P.S. Turn down the volume on the stereo!
Me and my gf just got done eating here.  Everything on the menu sounded great and we decided on the chicken Benny and she decided on the sirloin sandwich daily special.  My plate had plenty of food on it, but when I took the first bite it was unfortunately fairly cool, not warm at all. As I got to the center if the plate it did get a little warmer but it just wasn't as hot as I like.  My gfs sandwich was very big but she told me it was very bland tasting.  I tried it and she was right it didn't have a delicious taste.  I't wasn't bad but for a 15 dollar sandwich and fries I think it could have been better.  We have been wanting to eat here because we had coupons, but guess what they said that they couldn't accept the coupon because it was a holiday.  Halloween,  I guess I should have known better considering on the back it says not redeemable on holidays.  Come on who ever thought that halloween would fit into that category.  Well I was wrong!  So 32.00 dollars later I did have leftovers but that's about it.  I don't know if we will be back, maybe one more try later.  Oh forgot to mention that the server only came to us about 2 times and never offered to refill our drinks.  Also she didn't offer a straw for our drinks.  Now that I think about it the only reason why I'll be back is to use the coupon once and for all and to try the snickers pancakes!  Happy halloween.
Food was ok as long as you don't ask for butter on the side. You might just get ketchup butter. Service is pretty good our waiter Jeremiah was awesome even though it was busy, he still checked in on us. But over all i give them a 2.5
The Hash House A Go Go has an interesting menu and has been on a travel channel show, but in my opinion, it is more fluff than substance and your typical example of "sounds better on paper."  You get large portions at a premium price for your typical diner (aka Denny's style) food dressed up with a sprig of sage - it's not bad but you might feel a bit disappointed if you were expecting something awesome.  Stay away from some of the gimmicky items, and you will have an experience similar to an IHOP.. . As a person who usually orders waffles, I have to say this: order the pancakes.  The waffles have a slight baking soda taste, and when you get the bacon cooked in the waffle, it makes the flavor more pronounced.  Most people are too hung-over or impressed by the serving size to care.  It took me 2 visits to come to the conclusion that decent pancakes trump weird waffles, and trust me, you don't want to order the bacon waffle unless you really like grease.  Despite the yummy sounding menu, the best items to get are their "regular" dishes like an omelet or eggs and bacon.  Their food tends to be bland, as if adding salt or ketchup is a requirement.  The chicken is ok for the first couple of bites, but it's actually a bit too dry and bland to enjoy without dipping it in something.  The omelets and pancakes were never bad during my visits.. . The service is efficient and professional, though not particularly friendly.  If this place is on your "Vegas to do List" then you should try to come during non-peak meal hours to avoid lines and a busy waitress.  . . I know The Hash House A Go Go tries to create a nice breakfast/diner experience but the inconsistent flavors makes it difficult to really like.  If you're here to experience Vegas, then stick with some basic breakfast or menu items and you should be fine.  It's not a bad place, but I think it is more hype than taste.  There are cheaper and tastier places to have breakfast, but then again, Hash A Go Go does provide some very interesting menu options.  You should go just to see how big some of these dishes are.
This is for the one at the M, but the food is pretty much the same at all of them.  I haven't had the drinks, which may be fabulous, but I find the quality of the food lacking.  You'd think they'd at least make good hash, considering the name, but it's just some fried potato chunks and meat blobs thrown together (the pork one).  Or just fried potatoes with a crab-flavored bread patty on top.  When you figure what you spent on a too-huge portion of carbs it doesn't add up.  One person can't eat it all, but too often you discover you don't want to eat most of it.  I'd love to have good diner hash....or good diner anything...instead of these supposedly updated versions.  The novelty of huge wears off quickly.  The only thing I like is the Hash House salad which is just lettuce with a light cucumber dressing.
Kind of obnoxious! Portions are waaaayyyy to big. . . I am totally one to believe it's all about the experience. .sometimes it doesn't even matter about food. I went with 2 great friends from Indiana so we were totally stoked that they had Indiana favorites on the menu :). . I had a banana nut pancake that was killer.. but was the size of 3 pancakes together..lol. So wasted most of it! Scrambled Eggs I sent back 2 times because they were runny & not cooked.. ended up not eating because they could'nt get it right! . . Just walked away disappointed I guess... many people call it Hash House A NO NO!! lol. Try if you must!
This place charges $2.50 for sharing.  Families with kids, you've been warned!. . If you want your kids to share your food, they'll get charged too.  I didn't want to order anything for my 3 and 5 yr old because I knew the portions were huge and we had 6 adults already ordering entrees.  The waiter then said I had to order at least $1.95 (for a biscuit) for the kids or they'll be charged a sharing fee.  Seriously?!. . It was only after I made a formal complaint to the manager that they took off this charge.  The manager, Lupe, was a nice lady but give me a break.  Who charges for kids sharing their parents' plates?!  And it wasn't like we weren't already spending over $100 based on the adults entrees and drinks.. . I would've given this place 1 star but my meal companions enjoyed their food.  Too bad.  We could've been repeat customers but after this experience and their stupid sharing policy, no way will I ever go back.  There are way too many other choices.
I've been here twice. It's a cool concept, mashed-up semi-twisted food. You're hungry - You really want to like it. For me, my last round here fell flat. I ordered the bacon infused waffle with a couple of fried eggs piled on top for good measure and a cup of joe. . . First, the coffee must have been on its last legs because is was lukewarm. I sent it back. After a night of slinging drinks on the strip, the last thing you want is shitty coffee. Then, my dish arrives. It looks pretty, but the eggs are ... wait ... wait ... also lukewarm. Sweet baby Jesus! This is a tepid themed nightmare. Overall, the meal was disappointing. I'm done with this high concept low results joint.
Hash house a no go!!!      Found 3 out of 3 dishes lacking in flavor.    Huge portions.  Chicken hash was dry, pork Benedict was more country fried slab of over cooked meat.  Bbblt was full of bacon but not flavor.
I liked the menu a lot and can tell that there is some serious potential here, but had a really bad experience. . . They couldnt help the obnoxious, loud, drunk group that came in, so I will give them a pass on that. . . But when my 1 pound burger came out, the fries were already cold. They seemed like they may have tasted pretty good if they had come out about 10 minutes earlier. . . Unfortunately they also forgot my biscuit until I mentioned it. They then brought it out and it was reallly dry. Again, seemed like it could have been better if it had been quicker. . . Again, I reallly wanted to like this place and was hoping to try a breakfast here before I left, but I'm really not sure I should risk it now. Bummer.
I went here with my boyfriend over a month ago. We had heard so many good things about it, we had to go! It was a random Friday morning around 10:00. It was pretty full. Which was a good sign, at first. After a brief wait, we sat down and looked at our menus. When the waitress first came over we ordered speciality coffee drinks. In the meantime we continued to look at the menu. Once we were ready we put the menus to the side and started talking. I noticed that people next to us had ordered and just gotten their food while we were sitting there and we had still to order and get our drinks. 15 minutes goes by and our waitress finally takes our orders. Meantime the other couple is finishing up their meal we have still to receive either part of our meal. Another 10 minutes, our waitress comes over to tell us the coffee bar is backed up. 25 minutes? of not receiving our drinks? How hard is it to make a coffee drink and add a little flare on the side? Anyhow, my drink comes first, by itself. Then our food, then 5 minutes into our food, his drink.  Seriously? Maybe you could let us know before we order them that we won't get them for 30 minutes.. . No matter how good the food was the service was awful. I don't think we will ever go back. Mid-meal we asked for waters and that took 10 minutes alone, I eventually had to stand up and ask another waitress. No thank you.. . Hash House A No No.
Even though the portions are huge they have no real seasoning on anything. The staff seems mostly comprised of the hip LA varietal that just fell into waiting after acting didn't quite work out. Meaning they all got the quirky in your face border line shut the hell up Im hung over and just want to order kind of jokes. Meh place is more for show than go. If your visiting try it at least once. The Sahara one did have 20oz Stone Pal Ale drafts for $4 so that's cool.
For the price I wasn't satisfied, I waited an hour to try hash house a go go on mothers day and other than their twisted farm food gimmick the food wasn't impressive. I prefer sunrise cafe or egg works for breakfast. It's worth a try at least for the experience but only for the entertainment and not the food.
The was tasty which is the only reason I gave it 2 stars.  Although it was tasty it was also very greasy.. . Be warned the world famous Bloody Mary's are horrible.  When we were able to actually find our waitress she told us yea they are very spicy like that and left.  When we finally got a hold of her 5 minutes later we asked if we could order something else because the amount of horseradish in there made it undrinkable.  She said she'll bring us some more tomato juice which never happened.. . Service here was non exsistant.  Our waitress introduced herself at the beginning and took off for 20 minutes.  When we finally saw her again she was on the phone and gave us the "give me a minute finger".
Large portions, but very bland. Something so large, you would expect it to be tasty. Far from it. I had the chicken and waffles which was a Man vs Food recommendation from Adam Richman.  Lucky it was on special. It was huge, but the chicken had no flavor. Waffles were fair. Good service, but it's only eye presentation here. Large portions, but very bland fried chicken. Fried green tomatoes was a nice highlight as the starter.  Very few customers at 5pm on a friday night.
I went on a Friday with some friends from out of town and our dining experience was lackluster.  The service was good and our waiter checked on us multiple times, but the prices were a little high and the food was only so-do.  Maybe the weekday cooks are different from the Saturday/Sunday brunch ones?  . . We ordered the Sage Fried Chicken Salad, Hammered Pork Tenderloin, and Chicken Benedict upon the suggestion of the waiter.  . . Sage Fried Chicken Salad -  salad dressing tasted rancid and the chicken was dry.. . Hammered Pork Tenderloin - moist pork but overly sweet sauce.  . . Chicken Benedict - moist chicken and good sauce.  Best of the bunch.  . . We should've dined elsewhere instead of wasting my friends' meal in Vegas at Hash House A Go Go.  I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon because there is better food to be had elsewhere.
Didn't live up to any hype. I think we had good service here, but that was where it ended. . . There was a long wait and people were packed in everywhere. The location, inside the Imperial Palace, was, well, icky. Even though we had a booth during the meal, I felt like the restaurant was grossly overcrowded, loud, and full of unruly kids. . . I split the Sage Fried Chicken and waffles with my date. I'll admit that neither of us are chicken or waffle fans, but we were really, really hoping to be converted. And that just didn't happen. We got a HUGE plate of food and, between the two of us, did not manage to finish it. The chicken was dry and overseasoned and the waffle was VERY dry and the bacon it contained was overcooked. Time to drench the whole thing in syrup, right? Ehhh. Wrong. The syrup was of pretty poor quality and didn't do much. . . Pluses: the biscuits were amazing and our server was sweet and quick with refills. I won't be back here if I revisit Vegas.
Didn't live up to the hype of my foggy memories from my last visit.  It was late-night, but the restaurant wasn't busy and this time I was sober and unfortunately recommended it to my group.  Our server was neither good at her job nor friendly.  I had to get up and get ketchup from another table myself just to enjoy my bland breakfast potatoes.  I got a scramble with sundried tomatoes, basil and goat cheese and the eggs weren't tasty and there wasn't enough of the compliments to compensate.  They served me a huge biscuit with my meal, but there was no honey, jam or jelly to be found and I even overheard another customer asking for SOMETHING to go with his biscuit and there was just nothing.  The server made no effort to serve the right food or drinks to the person who ordered, just handed it to us and walked off and then we sorted it out, of course the bills were also a mess.  I won't return on my next visit.
Massive, Massive amounts of food.. . This place has way too much food for one person. When ordering here, consider sharing your meal. I had their "famous" rosemary fried chicken and waffles. Even when drunk this was way too much food for me. The chicken was flavorful, a bit over cooked though. Bacon in the waffles were a hit but the main theme for the meal was quite salty. The B.L.T. Bloody Mary had too much Worschester sauce and too much salt. Quite disappointing!. . Come here for the experience but not for the food.
People love this place - I just don't get it.. . Maybe they used to be great, back in the days before they became a globally recognized hipster breakfast joint. . . Today, Hash House a Go Go is nothing more than a bad joke, where the punch lineis actual line you have to stand to wait for a seat.. . The first and most glaring problem is the staff - both front of the house and back.. . The wait staff is clearly more interested in their tips than anything else. This happens quite a lot when a restaurant gets popular - it tends to draw the kind of servers who know that your crappy little tip will have no effect on their daily take, so they focus on turnover instead of quality. They don't care if you are unhappy with anything, just eat and get out so they can get someone else at your table. Management loves these kinds of servers, because they increase the bottom line. . . The kitchen staff is even worse. My HH Original Benedict was drowning in red pepper sauce - I mean DROWNING. Just touching it with a fork caused a tsunami that almost crashed over the edge of the plate. I liked the sauce, but it became the only thing you could taste. The biscuit was just terrible, it was so heavy it was indistinguishable from the potatoes it rested on and together they tasted like paste. Now if this is on purpose (some sort of take on their 'going to extremes' theme) then the chef who created this monstrosity is an idiot. If it was an accident and they let it leave the kitchen looking like this, then it's obvious that no one cares about quality anymore.. . The second problem has to be management - it's apparent that profit is the only thing that matters.. . Congratulations on your short-lived success Hash House - it's a shame you let it go to your head. It won't be long before your greed will eat you alive.
If you're a huge eater, then this is probably a good choice for you but on my second visit here I decided that it's just complete overkill with the portion sizes. One breakfast entree is MORE than enough for two people, yet if you want to share they charge you an additional fee. I find this a little ridiculous, but whatever. . . The food is generally okay (I love a good biscuit, and that they can offer) but on this past visit I was not happy with my entree which was a smoked salmon benedict. It was basically a MOUNTAIN of heavy and dry components which did not mesh together well at all but most importantly, the salmon tasted really fishy. I'm a pescetarian so I know fish pretty well and there was something just not quite right with this salmon. So I take about two bites and stop. I had my husband taste it too just to be sure it wasn't in my head and he agreed. We are not complainers, but we felt they needed to know about the funky fish. Our server finally came by and noticed that I hadn't eaten much and asked if something was wrong, so we told her. She did ask if I wanted something else but I said I was okay. . . A few minutes later a manager stopped by to find out what the issue was, so we explained it to her as well. So, here's where this establishment went ALL WRONG...this manager proceeds to explain to us the entire process of how they "smoke" their salmon. She said their method is a little unique and "not for everyone" and that she didn't really care for it either. Um, really? That's how you're going to handle this? She didn't offer anything to make it right. We weren't demanding a free meal, or even a refund. We didnt ask for anything different and just wanted to explain that there could have been a problem with old fish. The response was basically, our salmon is not for everyone, and sorry you didnt like it. Arrogant, and not the way to keep loyal clientele. In short, Poor management response has blacklisted this restaurant for me.
In summary: quantity over quality.  Perhaps it was the dish I ordered...the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  By the time the dish arrived at our table, the chicken skin was drenched in the chipotle cream sauce to the point where the skin was now chewy without any crunch factor.  The chipotle cream sauce used for the benedict seemed under seasoned.  Fresh spinach and tomatoes were used....so I'll give them a star for that.  We also had to wait well over an hour for seats....all this combined made for a lack luster eating experience.  On a positive note, the snicker's pancake that we ordered was fluffy and well honestly anything with peanuts and chocolate is a win...and the pancake is about the size of a small pizza.  But overall, I'd rather go to Babystacks Cafe any day for a good breakfast over this place....
Stopped in looking for a great breakfast. Ordered the salmon hash. It tasted more like cat food than something edible by humans. The hash browns had no flavor and the eggs were served cold. The biscuit was rock hard and the service was mediocre. For having such a good reputation this restaurant was an exceptional disappointment. I'd advise others to look elsewhere for breakfast.
Underwhelming. . . So much hype and excitement over this place on yelp and my friends and i left just disappointed and displeased. . . The food portions are huge. that is not necessarily a positive for me. All of the food basically tasted the same - bland. Even the sage chicken and waffles tasted bland. All of the food was below average and a mess of a glob/mush. The vegetarian quesadillas tasted doughy..............all in all, i think i can sum this review up fairly quickly.... . my favorite part of the meal was the watermelon and cantaloupe served as sides with the main entrees.
Way overrated! I honestly think people are impressed more by amount of food and the presentation of the food. They make it look pretty but actually tasting good is another thing
Disappointed!! They  forgot I ordered coffee then didn't refill then food was cold.  The two stars is they took my meal off the bill.  Will not return.
Triple the wait time they give you.  At least.  But now they are all over Vegas and not just at this one location anymore.. . I really, really want to LOVE this place.  I really do.  . But other than the fact that they have ginormo portions, the food is just ok.  The chicken and waffles are good.  Don't get me wrong, the food is good.  But after like three bites I'm over it.   . . The last time I was there, they forgot the meat in my dish.  You can't keep a fat girl from her bacon.
I actually love Hash House, believe it or not.  But this last experience was pretty horrible.  I went there with my girlfriend and daughter.  All the entrees had problems but I will only review mine.. . It took 10 minutes for a server to stop by the table.  When he finally showed up, I showed him the restaurants.com certificate I had and he took the orders. I don't know if the certificate had anything to do with it, but we didn't see him again until the food arrived 25 minutes later.  This was slightly alarming since I realized in the interim he never asked me how I wanted the meat in my entree done.  . . Disinterested service aside, when the food arrived, it looked and smelled delicious.  I had the special, which was a mixed grill with duck breast, lamb chops and a boneless ribeye.  I soon realized however, why he didnt ask how I wanted it done.  The lamb chops were just medium, well prepared and tasted good.  However, the ribeye was only about a centimeter thick, and I'm thinking they could have cooked it for a minute on each side and it still would have turned out how I got it, which was well done, dry and flavorless.  Very disappointing for a cut of meat that is pretty easy to get right in my own experience.  . . The duck had the skin left on which I was excited to see at first, until I realized they made no effort to crisp it at all.  It was so chewy I had to peel it off just to be able to eat the meat, which was now devoid of seasoning. . . The best thing about the entree was the mashed potatoes.. . Very very disappointing experience considering what I've come to expect from Hash House, which is big, well prepared portions of delicious food.
HUGE PORTIONS!! I had the sage chicken and waffles(I split w/my daughter), my son had the fried chicken benidict, and a kiwi watermelon lemonade. The lemonade was sooo good! I totally loved it. My entree on the other hand, was bland in regards to flavor, and a little greasy. I really expected more from this place with all the publicity that it gets, and its a little pricey $$. I wouldnt go back.
Was kinda disappointed, but will give it another try. The wife and I went late on a Saturday for dinner. We walked in and the place was empty at 915pm. Okay it was closing in 45 minutes, but was very surprised. We were seriously the only ones in there, maybe it's more of a breakfast place. We were greeted by the hostess who was very sweet and pleasant. She showed us to the table and made some recommendations since I had announced it was our first time there..  I knew the portions were going to be huge so no appetizers for us. We looked at the menu briefly since we kinda knew from the website menu what we wanted. I ordered the chicken and bacon waffle tower, the wife had the chik pot pie. Both were huge. The potpie comes in what looks like a crust hat. The chikn waffles is built like a tower. The presentation was vey good, but the food in my opinion didn't live up to the hype. The fried chicken was somewhat dry, bland and greasy with a slight sage taste. The waffles on the other hnd were the best part... The bacon inside were crisp. I really didn't like the mound of fried leeks that everything was plated on. I think that's sort of what turned me off to the whole meal. I mean you have the sweet and savory combination of waffles, maple syrup and fried chicken, and then get hit with a bit of onion taste... Very off putting. . The potpie was different than usual which is fine. I can't really comment on the taste but it was made with real nice chicken pieces and huge chopped veggies and potatoes. The wife liked it but stated not to expect the typical c.p.p. . Bad news... The dessert. We had a Restaurant.com coupon to use so we needed to hit $50 on the tab. We ordered a snickers bread pudding. It comes out with ice cream on top which didn't taste like ice cream, but more like ice milk. It was not velvety smooth and silky but weird. I asked the waitress if it was supposed to be ice cream she said yes... Okay. Then we get into the bread pudding... It wasn't bread pudding at all. It was chocolate cake dipped in some egg wash maybe and I don't know...cooked somehow... I think it was microwaved because I hit a nice frozen section on the bottom. I asked the waitress if it was frozen, she said yes. She then looked at me blankly... I looked at her blankly. My wife said its okay we can't finish it anyways.. . I will, call me crazy give it another shot for breakfast, maybe try the Benedict. Again just to be clear... I believe it is way overhyped so if u go, use a restaurant.com coupon, and don't expect great food. The waffles were decent and my wife liked the potpie.
Lame.. . Decided to try this place based upon other reviews and the portion sizes are indeed big, however the quality of the food is sadly lacking.  I got the hash with roasted rosemary chicken.  I asked the waitress what type of chicken it came with since I only eat breast meat and she said it was all breast.  Well I got the food and it was mostly breast but there were quite a few pieces of thigh in there.  Not a huge deal as it is too much food anyway but the chicken was so dry that I needed a drink of water after each bite.. . Who cares if the portions are big if the food sucks?  I won't be going back there again.
We were looking at this place everyday and planing to try for the breakfast and, finally we get in to the place. nice staff and quick service got our attention. we had great tasting coffee and we took a order and i tried the chicken hash which is the most popular  consider to the waiter. Plates are pretty big and the bread is so hard and cant even taste that. all the food has no taste at all. i was surprised and add some hot souse and pepper and salt to  make my taste bud happier,. bad luck!!! i didnt like the food at all. i can't say anything good about food and we just had BLAH! breakfast. I still top the Black Bear Dinner is the best breakfast so far!!
i went to this place because of the great reviews, but honestly, my eggs benedict was among the most disgusting plates of food ever had in a restaurant. it was 5lbs of bland slop, and the grotesque portion size was as offputting as the lack of flavor. i was later envious when i walked through the restaurant and saw some very nice looking waffles. i guess maybe do the same before ordering. . . half the size and double the quality please!
Quantity...not quality seems to be the mantra at Hash House A Go Go, and I really can't get on board with that. . . After a short wait of approximately 25 minutes, my wife and I were seated in the bar area. This location is HUGE with lots of space, and every inch is needed since it gets really busy. The bar area was fine for dining, but the music was a bit too loud for a Saturday morning; I'm usually not one to complain about loud music, but I honestly couldn't hear my wife who was sitting two feet away from me over the blaring music. . . The service was pretty decent and our waitress was prompt and attentive considering how busy she was. The folks at Hash House A Go Go definitely have character (and dress up as various characters like Wonder Woman and Superman), but also do their jobs well. . . The service gets 4 stars, but I cannot justify giving this place a thumbs up because their food is underwhelming. The food runner needed both arms and a lot of strength to deliver our meatloaf hash. The meatloaf hash along with the chicken and waffles were enough to feed to a family of four...but we both gave it the old college try and dug right in. The chicken and waffles were big, but only in quantity; they certainly were not big in either flavor or taste. Putting two whole chicken breasts and mixing bacon into the waffles sounds nice in theory, but the execution here is poor. The meatloaf hash didn't fare much better, as it tasted like what I would imagine soylent green to taste like; just a blob of flavorless food once you put together all the components. . . Considering Vegas is a city with some of the world's finest dining, the food here is the exact opposite of that. Lacking in any sort of complexity, the only reason I would ever go back here is to load up on carbs and salty ass food after a hard night of drinking.
Food was fine. Service was passable. I just have a problem with their policies. Maybe just one policy, actually. Prior to my trip to Las Vegas, I was excited to plan a meal at HH-a-GG. I was more excited to find a restaurant.com deal available. At our first opportunity, we made our way to the Hash House. Mid-afternoon, easy parking, no crowd...perfect! We went in and placed our orders, presenting the gift certificate at that time. Beverages were delivered and we were expecting our food when the waitress announced that they wouldn't honor our gift certificate because it was a holiday. Raise your hand if you have Columbus Day off. Thank you, Postal Workers! Now, it was a little late to mention this, but I let it pass. We were hungry! . . The coupon thing riled me a bit, but later in the vacation, we made our way back HH-a-GG thinking to redeem that sucker after all. It seems our timing was off once again. In Las Vegas, there are no designated times for anything. Except maybe at this place. We'd just missed what they considered the lunch portion of the day, so we were only presented with the dinner menu. At least they were quick to point out that the fine print on the coupon said "breakfast or lunch." I asked about the "Late Breakfast" section on the dinner menu. No Dice!. . As I mentioned, the food was fine, so they get one of their two stars for that. The other is for having Arrogant Bastard Ale. I could easily have had a five-star experience here if not for their steadfast refusal to honor a freakin' ten dollar discount. Was it going to kill them? Is Columbus Day even a holiday in Nevada? It is not. School is in, state offices are open and Hash House a Go-Go is not that stinkin' busy. Next time I'm in town, I'm going to get another coupon, carefully check the dates and bus in 20 homeless people for coffee.
Service was good. Really expensive for breakfast. Didn't like my order much. It was something with salmon in a skillet. I like the the atmosphere though but wouldn't come again.
I understand why people like this place.  Their portions are huge and the plate presentations are pretty cool. . . They almost always have a long wait which takes away from the quality of service.  Plus, their food is greasy and not very fresh tasting.  They also don't have good healthy options on their menu.. . However, I'm sure most people who are going out to eat in Las Vegas aren't looking for healthy meals so I get why people flock to this spot.
Sage Fried Chicken = Dried fried chicken breast. Maybe I ate it without going through a heavy night of drinking first. I couldn't really eat this dry chicken w/o some additional maple syrup. However, it vastly improves once moisture is added. The extra sage leaves they give you adds a lot more flavor punch.. . You can get the Sage Fried Chicken in a pasta, with waffles, on salad, and in a sandwich.
I heard so many great reviews about this restaurant from friends so I need to go.  My family and I went to a late breakfast on Monday morning.  The place was full.  My mom and I split the sun-dried tomato scramble and my dad got eggs and bacon.  The food was average. The potatoes were plain and had very little flavor.  . The problem with this place was the service.  We saw our server a total of 4 times.  Once to take the drink order, food order, check on us after we were almost done, and to present the bill.  Our water glasses were empty the whole meal.  It wasn't till the end my mom had to flag someone else down to refill them.  I had only one cup of coffee since no one ever refilled it.  Our server passed are table several times without even checking on us.  Several times, we saw him chatting away with his coworkers in front of us.  He spent more time talking to them than to us.   . This was not worth the drive or the money.  I know much better places to go to for breakfast.
Veggie Hash $11.95 - Only word that fits this dish is "Bland". . . Chorizo Hash $12.95 - Tasty and a pretty good amount food with this one. . . Banana cinnamon French Toast $11.95 - Not bad and good sized.. . Coffee was way strong. I don't mind coffee with a kick, but this was just too much.. . The main server was so-so at best. However, the coffee/bus boy was very nice.. . Raspberry jam was Fantastic!. . Biscuits were dry and chewy.. . By the time you add in coffee, tax and a tip we spent just under $60 for a breakfast that just wasn't worth it. I'd rather go to the Egg & I or the Black Bear any day.
Blech! Please pile more schlop on my plate. Seriously? Does anyone need a mountain of mashed potatoes under eggs, cheese, and chicken? No. There's a reason all of the chairs in this place are widebody. Quantity over Quality.
My wife and I decided to go to Hash House for breakfast  on my 50th birthday   I won't be back. After an extended wait to be seated (the hostess wrote my name down wrong) we get to the table and no waiter, finally after about 5 min. Our waiter came by and showed us two plates of chicken and waffles and said he would be back to take our order. He then went on a chicken and waffles tour around the restaurant he came back to take our order. Approximately 3 minutes after placing our order I had chicken and waffles in front of me, wow.  No water, no drinks, and no food for my wife I checked the chicken and it was cold, because it was one of the chicken and waffles that was on tour around the restaurant! After complaining that the chicken was cold the waiter took the ate back. After and additional 20 minutes to get all of our food and drinks out my chicken was over cooked and dry and my wife's chorizo hash was barely passable. I then asked to talk to the manager who when she to the table she informed us that she knew all about what happened and she told the waiter not to do it again. She never once approached us to offer an apology  even tho she was aware of the problem   On top of all that we ordered two BLT Bloody Mary 's in which you are supposed to " keep the glass" they said that they ran out of the glasses that we could take home and still charged us full price for the drinks. And all this was on a Tuesday at 11:00 I would hate to see the service on a busy day. Never again
Second time visiting this place. On 12/31 I ordered the chicken salad which was bland. Asked for more dressing to supplement the taste. This past summer was my first visit to the Hash House. Upon ordering an a cheese omelet with potatoes, my food was bland. Drinks were not kept filled making my mouth salivate more for substance. I give it two stars. As they say, 3rd is a charm...I don't plan to go back to find out. Too expensive to try to just be let down again.
This place is okay. I honestly didn't like all but one dish I've ever tried there (I've tried 4). The good dish I had was pancakes. Not even that special. I once went with a friend, who had some salmon dish on their lunch menu, and it was really dry and had way too much lemon juice on it. But a lot of people who have gone there really like their food, so I may come back and order something different (I hope it's good!). The nice thing is that if you do order something you like, their portions are very large and priced okay. I'm really only worried about the service, because it's been mediocre every time I've gone. Been a while though, so I hope it's become better.
This place was talked up like crazy. read all of the reviews, and thought...this is going to be one of those real WOW places. Well was I wrong!!  The setting is nice enough, but, that's the best part of the whole visit.. . I had the Chicken and waffles. I've been looking forward to trying it as it seems to be the hottest "new" thing. The chicken was cooked right, but, the breading was tasteless. The waffles were soft, as they'd been cooked hours ago and sat in a warmer. They also had not taste. My wife and cousin had to send their eggs back to get cooked properly. The potatoes were good and hot. . . Overall the service was really slow.....and the experience was less then average...thus the two stars.
We went here on a Saturday at 11:15am. Was told it would be 45 minutes to an hour wait. That hurt but there were 5 of us and only 2 of us were there so we didn't mind getting a head start before they arrived. They called us after 45 minutes. . . The novelty wore off when the food didn't deliver. Extra large portions of mediocre food. . . *Chicken Salad Sandwich - 3 inch bread with a huge scoop of chicken salad (average) and two huge tomato slices and 2 strips of bacon with a knife and 2 huge sprigs of rosemary sticking out.  It would have been about 7 inches thick if I ate it like a regular sandwich.  The side salad that came with it (or you can get fries) had a really good dressing and after adding salt it was pretty good. . . We had people visiting from out of town and thought they would like it because it was on Man vs. Food. But besides oversized portions this place is all hype. The staff is dressed in tin foil and have tin colored paint on some of their faces. That didn't make any sense to me but someone at the table thought maybe because the place had a lot of metal and tin in the decor? . . I probably won't return and will NEVER wait 45 minutes (or any time at all) to be seated there.
Not sure why so many love this place ,it's probably the "WOW" factor of the massive portions as you are being served.To me it's just average food with huge portions...... . Been here at least 6 times now with friends that love to go here ,but I never seem to leave satisfied .Great for bacon lovers, since they seem to put it in everything except your drink! (I don't eat pork).They put sage in just about everything too..... . To me they try to make food too fancy and pretty, I wish they would just make it simple and tasty. I would rather go to IHOP.
Went to the Hash House on Sahara after seeing many great reviews and even saw them on TV once. . I must say I was not impressed. The place was dead. At first I thought "Yeah we don't have to wait" but then I realized why. Hubby and I went for lunch and ordered 2 way overpriced burgers with fries (which cost extra) . I got the avocado and bacon burger. The portion was huge so I thought that would justify the price. The first bite was OK but then the middle of the burger was extremely dry. How a burger with that much stuff on it could be dry I don't know but I had a hard time swallowing it due to the dryness. . I might revisit for breakfast since it seems that is what they are most known for but I definitely will not go out of my way to eat there.
Not impressed....our lukewarm food did not get served at the same time, my dining partner got his food served five minutes after mine. I noticed a table of six next to us who got the same treatment, two of them got served while the other four waited a full five minutes before getting served. If that kind of shotgun approach to service doesn't bother you, then go for it! Very loud head banging music, too...even at 8 am.
I love Hash House A Go Go.  However, I went to this one last weekend (which it was my first time at this location) and I did not have a good experience with the service.  It was a Friday around 11am so the restaurant was mostly full.  Even though the food was amazing (as usual) me and my friend visiting were mostly ignored.  We waited about 15 minutes to order and about 20 minutes to get our check, and another 10 to pay.  It wouldn't have been so bad but the waiter visited other tables in the area several times before coming to us.. . With that being said, the food was great.  I always enjoy the food at Hash House a GoGo.  But I would not go back to this location because I have never had a problem at any other location.
Hash House A Go Go has definitely developed quite the reputation for absolutely reBIGulous portions.  Had to experience this place for myself and boy, I was not dissapointed.  Although, this is where the praise ends.... . (1)  First tried to order their salmon dish for lunch... come to find out that they didn't have any salmon in?  Ummm.... so why's it on the menu exactly?  Dissapointment #1.. (2) Quantity here does not equal quality.  Ordered the Bacon Bacon Bacon Lettuce and Tomato.  The sandwich was definitely big, but also very dry.  No mayonnaise whatsoever and they stack so much lettuce into sandwich that it dominates the bacon.  Additionally, the toast was way to big and I felt like I was eating Toast and Lettuce.  Not good at all. and for $11.95???? Definitely not worth it.. (3) To top it all off, the wait staff took 10 minutes between giving us water and taking our order.  I saw 3 different tables get their orders in before our waitress even came back to us... that just made the wait that much longer.. (4) Manager that day had no idea what he was serving. Sure it's nice enough that you come out and deliver the food to the table.  The order didn't look right and he was absolutely unsure of what he had in his hands when we questioned what it was... yeesh, study your menu yeah?. . The only saving grace for this place was the Kiwi Watermelon drink.... would definitely come back here simply for that drink and one the most fresh tasting and refreshing drinks I've had in a long time.  . . 1 star for the food.. 1 star for the staff.. 5 stars for the drink.. = 2 stars overall.  . . See the big portions once for yourself, then do yourself a favor and go elsewhere to find better tasting food.
Well over due on this review, I went here on my first trip to LV after waking up to a commercial from GOGO well, I wish I didn't GO. The food was far from good I guess because everything is served in Hugh proportions it lacks flavor but how do you mess breakfast up? Sausage gravy should always taste like heaven.......... Thankfully the bar was open in the morning to drown my sorrows from bad taste. There are way better places on the strip to eat.
REALLY DISAPPOINTED !!!!  The atmosphere and service were great, the food portions were enormous -FIVE STARS FOR THOSE ASPECTS- but the food was so so. I had the Eggs  Benedict,  it was ok, my hubby had the Pacers Hash which was 80%  potatoes, the pork was tough and with absolutely no taste, he kept salting it, I actually told our waiter how disappointed he was with the Pacers Hash, he apologized and quickly took it off the table but offered nothing in place of it- my husband only ate maybe 30% of his food. My daughter had the #5 burger, I was surprised when she said was she was not happy with her burger either, due to lack of tasted.  Normally she wants her left over for breakfast - well, she wanted no part of it this morning-that is what prompted me to write this review. We must have gone on an off night, would  like to give it another try, but with their prices, we won't be going back.
At my house we have several names for this place:  Hash House a NO Go, Hash House a No No, and Hash House a No Mo'.. . The main problem is that Man vs. Food hyped the place as being excellent with humongous portions. We wanted to experience it just for the novelty.  Amongst the three of us we had the pancakes with hash browns, eggs over easy and chicken sausage; the Apple Smoked Bacon & Mashed Potato Burger with fries and watermelon lemonade, and the Hardwood Smoked Bacon, Avocado & Cheddar Burger with the same fries. We also tried the barbecued ribs appetizer.. . First, the lemonade, which was tasty, was $5.00, no refills. That's way overpriced for lemonade that isn't spectacular, but it was attractive looking. Next, we specifically asked for the appetizer to be brought out before the meal (sort of the definition of the term "appetizer," right? We shouldn't have had to say anything) but it came AFTER the meal was brought out. How ridiculous is that? So two disappointments.. . When the pancake came out it was large, but it was underwhelming compared to the hype it got on TV.  Yes it was really big- bigger than one outstretched medium sized female hand. It filled up maybe 2/3 of the oval plate it was served on, leaving room for maybe one cup of cubed potatoes (hashbrowns) and 2 eggs over easy. But check out this photo from Man vs. Food: http://yhoo.it/18O6aVt - this was CLEARLY nothing close to what we got, hence the disappointment.   The seasoned potatoes had no flavor, and the pancake tasted like flour.  No flavor at all.  We asked for chicken sausage and one link arrived, splayed open on a small dish. It was basically a hot dog, not sausage.. . On to the Apple Smoked Bacon & Mashed Potato Burger. The teenager enjoyed it greatly, however, the teenager likes just about anything. The burger has one pound of meat divided into two pre-made, pre-seasoned patties that are cooked in a press of some kind so that both sides are cooked simultaneously. This means no way to request medium rare.  Sigh.... . The Hardwood Smoked Bacon, Avocado & Cheddar Burger was tasty, although the meat flavor seemed to come from the grill without additional seasoning. Well, let's just say the seasoning was mild. I won't complain too much about the burger- it was satisfying.  The fries serving size was average. I think they were seasoned, and had a nice crunch. . . The ribs came in what appeared to be an Asian-inspired sauce, which I liked. One of the  four ribs was perfect, with tender meat falling off the bone. The others were chewy and tough. Hate to speculate on the disparity- I'll leave that to you. They were artfully leaned against a pile of cold, nasty-tasting potatoes.  What a waste of potato. We got the impression that much of the food is pre-packaged, pre-seasoned, so not much creativity happens in the preparation.. . The atmosphere was different from what I expected- the dark lighting made a nice ambience even though the food is Denny's quality.  I liked the distressed wood everywhere and the (very) heavy metal chairs.. . So, we will chalk this up to experience and probably not come back as a family, although I'd bring the teen here if he wanted the burger again. for $13 it wasn't so awful in my opinion. . . Oh- the waitress was EXCELLENT- she got a full 20% tip.
They give u large amounts of food but their is no flavor. They give you one plate of food that could very well feed four people at best. So you think I would be happy right but no I feel a lot of things but happiness is not one of those feelings. What good is a lot of food if its tasteless? . The staff was nice the place was clean. Food flavorless. Will I return No.
The more and more I go to this place, I realize this place is a no-GO! The food and service is deteriorating.  This random Tuesday my husband and I went to brunch around 11, with two guests visiting. It wasn't crowded, but evidently understaffed.  Our dishes came out one by one taking over 15 minutes to get them all.  A drink ordered soon after we sat down came almost 10 minutes after we got our dishes. We had to ask for butter for bread and asked several times for hot sauce before we got it.  The waiter was nice and apologetic, but still it doesn't make up for the forgetfulness and mismanagement of time.  . . The food is just about being generous, I would rather have quality over big portions.  Don't ask for a substitute you won't get it.  Potatoes and a biscuit is just too much starch for me...an additional slice of melon was denied.. . I will no longer take my out of town guest here to give them that "local dining" feel.
Not that big a fan. Chicken and waffles loaded with grease and syrup.made me sick
I just can't honestly eat here without it feeling like some kind of prank.  Not even a good prank either, but like some kind of FRENCH prank.  "Oh ho ho, zeez americans and their beeg food!". . I mean, most of it is a good step above your Egg and Us fare, but still, goddang.  Its good to see that I dont have to wait an hour anymore to get a table when our Man Vs. Dignity watching relatives come into town.
We headed here to try out this place because everyone talks about the huge portions and for their fried chicken and waffles.  I'm not sure why people are raving about a place that services such large portions of less than mediocre food.. . My husband is a fan of fried chicken and waffles, but said these were the worst he's had.  The waffle was dense and rubbery, not crisp and fluffy.. . I think I had some type of skillet scramble that came with a crab cake on top.  The crab cake was probably 4-5" in diameter with no crab flavor or visible crab chunks.  It tasted of all bread crumb.  I would prefer a small crab cake with actual crab meat it in.  There was a salsa underneath the crab cake which made the country potatoes soggy.  . . Huge portions, horrible food and watered down drinks.  There are TONS of places to eat in vegas.  I would definitely skip this place.
This review is primarily focused on the service. Came to this location last Sunday for brunch. It was very busy considering that it was around 1:30 pm. This is the only hash house that is located in a single standing building. The others are within hotels/casinos.  The wait took about 40 minutes for a table for 4. Our waitress, Erin, had a very flat affect straight from the start. She wasn't very friendly nor helpful.  I asked her if the couples could split the bill and she said it would be fine. We ordered our entrees, which consisted of the sun dried tomatoes, basil and goat cheese farm scrambles, buttermilk flapjacks and the French toast. All were very tasty and had good portions. One of the downfalls to the food was the amount of syrup they gave with the French toast and flapjacks. They gave a tiny shot glass worth of syrup for each dish. We had to ask for extra syrup about 3 times because these dishes needed the syrup. So when the bill comes, it had not been split, so I quickly reminded her to split the bill. I was going to mention which dishes on the credit cards but she replied "I know what dishes you guys got" in a very rude tone. Yeeesh. She looked at my boyfriend and asked which card was his. He told her his name. The other couple's card had his picture on it. So when she returns with the split bills, she still managed to screw everything up and mix up the items with the cards. At this point, I was quite frustrated so I went back to look for her and just told her what had happened. She apologized but it honestly didn't seem like she cared.  We wanted to leave so we just signed the bills without changing them and left. . . This experience left a sour taste in my mouth. The service at the other hash houses are pretty good. Not sure if I want to go to this location again.
Sad to be posting this review, as I once loved this place. We went for my birthday breakfast & it was just "off". My friends had a late lunch here the day before & said that while the food was pretty good, the hot chocolate tasted really funny. Either their chocolate syrup was going or the milk was bad. . . I ordered the chicken & waffles & kiwi watermelon lemonade & there was something really weird about the drink. I stirred it up as the waiter instructed, and kept stirring, hoping to get the flavor fixed. It was almost rancid tasting.. . The chicken & waffles w/ fried leeks was decent, but not mouth watering like it had been before.
Not a fan of this place. The portions are large, but the food is not good. So bigger is not better here. Biscuits are tasty and service is pretty good. The only thing I've ever come for is breakfast, but I'd prefer a buffet to this place. Stay away from the salmon, it was so bad and smelly. Stick to breakfast if you do come.
I am writing this review from the front bench of this restaurant. This experience was horrible which is sad from an establishment like Hash House. We got to the restaurant at 3:30, in between lunch and dinner and we were forced to order from the brunch menu. My sister does not eat eggs and asked if she could have the dinner chicken and biscuits. She was told no and that the closest thing was a Benedict dish. She said can I get it without the eggs. The waitress said that their dishes were works of art and nothing could be removed or substituted. My brother in law wanted a biscuit, since we were outside of dinner, he was denied an order of biscuits, even after we offered to pay for them since it was his birthday. Overall, this experience made his birthday one we will always remember due to the unprofessional behavior of its servers, its inflexibility of its chef and the poor times of its menu window. It's such a shame that Hash House has been brought to this level since by the pictures in the lobby, they were amazing!
Have been there 3 times and all 3 times the wait staff got my order wrong. However..... . The food is good, especially breakfast. The omelets and pancakes are enormous and more than enough for anyone.. . The chicken and waffles are a big disappointment though. Very dry. Sorry but they are. If you are used to "Real" chicken and waffles you will be disappointed.
Brenda's daughter took us here for breakfast one Saturday morning instead of going to the local Denny's or IHOP. She insisted that it had some good food and the overall reviews said it was pretty good. When we got there, there were quite a few people ahead of us so hopefully that spoke to the quality of the food--unfortunately it didn't. After a long wait in line we finally were seated and greeted by a waitress who didn't seem like she really wanted to be there either (she probably already tasted the food).. . We ordered our coffee and juice and stared at the menu. Brenda and I both have an adventurous palate and are willing to try anything at least once. However, there is a difference between adventurous and just plain crazy. When you read the menu, nothing jumps out and says "Hey! Pick me! I'm really tasty." Quite the opposite--the food and flavor combinations of everything except the pancakes don't even begin to sound like they'll work together. However, to be polite, we placed our orders and waited for the food. I had the only thing that sounded somewhat normal to me; the corned beef has with red onions and Swiss cheese. By the way, they have a no substitutions policy and they do enforce it.. . The service here isn't any better than the food. Wait staff is slow and you may or may not have everyone's meal served at the same time.As we waited for the food to arrive, we saw that the portions they brought out were huge--even bigger than what we get at Black Bear. Unsurprisingly, with the amount of people here, the wait for the food was about 40 minutes, which is a bit long for breakfast. Apparently because the food is all "homemade", it prevents the kitchen staff from having any type of timing system to ensure everyone at the table is served at the same time. When my food was placed in front of me, I just kind of stared at it. It certainly wasn't what I was expecting when I ordered corned beef hash. Instead of a neat presentation, I faced a huge pile of potatoes and the hash topped with a slice of cheese and two overcooked eggs. Sticking out of the top of this monstrosity was a rosemary tree. Normally, I would expect something like this to have the hash grilled and then have the cheese placed on top and remixed once it the cheese melted before putting it on the plate. I also expected the "crispy" potatoes to be on the side. Since they were thrown in with the hash, they were soggy from all the grease.. . The food itself lacked any real flavor and no amount of salt and pepper really did anything to improve it. Sure, the portions were huge, but that just meant more wasted food at the end of the meal. Quality is a bit more important that quantity.. . Their motto is "Twisted Farm Food." I'm not sure what farms they're visiting, but it doesn't conjure up any memories of food I ate growing up in Pennsylvania Dutch country. Head on over to IHOP, Denny's or Black Bear if you want a better meal at a cheaper price.
I don't get it. I ordered the chicken and waffles like everyone recommended but it was very tasteless and over cooked. Maybe I'll try it again. Just don't see it though. It was large enough for 2 people however. Maybe 3 since non of us cared for it.
Portions are crazy big, but who cares if the food is so so.. . Also, it has a very politically left vibe which I did not care for.. . It's worth trying once, but I will not chose this one again.. . I had some pork sandwich thing, Meh.
REally what is all the  wow's about??? HUGE plate of food yes. good food. NO. unless you  like quantity before quality...I did not get this place  at all... some people seem to as it is a bit "famous" but...is that an enough reason to eat in a place? What's up with the tall bush in the middle of the plate???
Large portions, yes, but hugely over-priced as well. After sampling 4 different entrees, all being bland as the table cloth, I left without finishing anything. Not impressed with the hype.
I can only speak of the location at the M casino.. . Portions are too big, prices too high and the food is not great.. . Stay away from the meatloaf... horrible.
Too much food *Maybe that's a good thing*
Over priced and not that good... it's across the street from my home i've eaten there twice in 10+ years... Skip.
The food wasn't the best but it was decent . The price is a little high for the quality of the meals. Friends got drinks and they enjoyed those.
I had been here twice years ago. We were meeting family for brunch they selected this establishment. We found out you cannot make reservations. We were a party of 8. The person on the phone suggested coming by 10:30 before the church crowd arrives. . We did arrive at 10:30 and it was crazy busy. We put our name on the list and waited. They seemed to forget about us and gave our table away after having told us they had one just waiting for that party to finish up. After another 10 minutes  we were seated. It is so noisy inside. You cannot even hear yourself think, never mind have a conversation. Not an ideal situation for seeing family from out of town. . Once seated the staff was very accommodating. The service was great. . The food not so much. I found my dish the Indiana favorite sage chicken with eggs very bland. I did not care for the mashed potatoes, again no flavor. The biscuit was good. . And quite frankly it is just too much darn food.
Just like the second star says: Meh. I''ve experienced better. . . The portions I must say are a plus; however, it doesn't matter if your food doesn't taste all that great. . . I think it was a mistake on me not to have ordered the most famous item on the menu: The Man Vs Food one. . . Yet, I read the reviews ahead of time and was persuaded by many yelpers that anything here tastes great. Wrong. . . I ordered the Benedict, and to be completely honest, I felt like Ihop tasted way better. Ouch, it hurt me to even type that knowing that this place has such high ratings. . . I sat all the way back in the secluded room- in the corner. Uhm, there was SO MUCH MORE room in the main dining room. I felt banished from eating with society. . . Flagging down the waiter was the worst part. Since I sat where the kitchen was, or where I believed the kitchen was, waiters would only care about their own table. My waiter was no where to be found when I needed a KNIFE to eat my Benedict. . . My waiter also recommended their house drink: something Watermelon. Honestly people, it is not worth your money. . . My mindset to seeing the prices was: Hey I'm in Vegas. It's EDC weekend. I just want to live my youth. Money is less of my worries right now. But seriously, 5-6 bucks for a glass of watermelon juice... just no. . . I was literally in and out in 20 minutes.
Hash House ... Oh No No.... . Bigger isn't better.  A lot of mediocre food... packed with sugar...  in huge portions... is not my idea of a good restaurant.  In fact...  Just the opposite is true in my opinion.  The food is bland and sweet.  Nothing stands out other than portion size.  My stomach turned as soon as I sat down and saw the plates around me.  Never again.  Not my thing.  Hip servers, cool environment...  and bad food.  NO NO  Don't Go!
True the portions are huge, but I found nothing special about this place.  I ordered the waffles and hubby had a burger, and it was good, but nothing to write home about.  What really displeased me was the lack of service.  The waiter seemed to think that because we weren't ordering any alcohol, that he had better tables to wait on (as in the table next to us, who he was plenty attentive to, as they ordered about 12 drinks between the four of them).  I always tip 20% if it's just a good experience, so never judge a book  by it's cover.  So it took 90 minutes to eat there and never got a refill.  If you're looking for a good breakfast, save your money and go to Dennys... you'll get better service at least.
There is just too much going on on one plate.  Portions are way to big and there is a sauce over almost everything.  To me that's a sign that the food isn't that grea.t
Okay, so I guess I should start by saying that we came for breakfast, first time trying their breakfast menu. Theyhad tons of yummy sounding options, but I settled on a blueberry pecan pancake, over medium eggs, and bacon. My boyfriend got the french toast.. . His french toast sounded soo good on the menu description, and when it was served, it looked fantastic, except for the griddled bananas (served in the peel, which was black and mushy, tasted good but very unappealing looking) his french toast tasted like nothing, and was mushy and in general, just kind of blah.. . My pancake was HUGE, and yummy, but my over medium eggs were basically raw, I mean the yolks were super runny (which is fine, I never, ever send food back) I was going to eat them until I noticed that the whites werent even cooked, I mean, runny whites on an over medium egg? Yuck! I asked the waitress for new ones and she obliged saying, "oh sure, you might want more of an over medium." Um, yeah cause that's what I ordered. She brings the eggs back out and clearly the cook was annoyed that they got sent back, because he cooked the crap out of these eggs, I mean, they were beyond well done. Whatever, I mean the pancake was so huge I didn't even need the eggs at that point.. . Fast forward to them picking up the bill, I was paying by credit, they took the card, and then a different person came back and asked for Id, which I accidentally left at home. (If its your policy to get Id for credit cards, that's fine, but maybe ask for the identification before you run the card?) I explained I didn't have it and instead of offering another option he glared at me and asked if it was really my card. I mean, come on. I said that yes it is my card and he just mumbled something under his breath and walked off! We had cash, and would have paid in cash! To top it off we had to wait another few minutes for them to bring me a pen so I could sign the receipt.  Really? I wanted to love this place, again the menu for breakfast is really enticing. But our general experience was way off.. . All in all, I've eaten here a few times (other times for dinner) and in general, they definitely wow you with portion sizes but they lack actual flavor. They describe their food as midwestern farm food with a twist. After eating here a handful of times I'm convinced the twist is the portion size and the giant sprig of rosemary they serve with everything.
Whaaaat?  Friends recommended this, Yelp had pretty solid reviews, and we got a great vibe upon entering.  The place was packed, which is always a good sign, and we lucked out to find a spot immediately at the bar.  I have to say that despite it being a busy holiday weekend, the service at the bar was impeccable.  They were engaging, friendly, and clearly working their tails off.  . . That's where the good stuff ended though.  The menu looked great at first glance, and we had a difficult time deciding what to order... so we asked for help from the bartender.  She recommended the fried chicken, biscuit, potato breakfast dish.  It seemed like a good choice, but when it arrived, it was honestly just too much.  Too many components... too large of portions... you honestly couldn't tell where one thing started and another thing ended.  It was just a huge bunch of slop on a plate.  We shared it, and there was still plenty leftover.  I think if they had a more restrained concept of the dish, it would've worked so much better.  The mimosas (tangerine and pineapple) were okay.  I wish we would've tried one of the delicious looking iced coffee drinks we saw headed to other tables.  But, with our lack-of-luck with the meal, we decided to just call it a day and head out!
A lot of food, but I wasn't thrilled.  Just not my taste.
I just don't get it. The hype is there. It's been on TV multiple times and the place is always packed. The portions are huge, even by Claim Jumper standards, but I just don't get why so many people love this place considering that every single time I've gone there (because someone else wanted to go), I have never had a very good tasting meal. It's like they are afraid of using salt or actually flavoring the food. Bland doesn't begin to cover it. . . Once you are seated, the service is good, fast, and generally friendly, though some of the staff members seem a little stressed or annoyed at times. My largest issue with this place is the food. Massive quantities with a rosemary sprig only go so far when it's not followed up with delicious flavor. . . I have had their skillets, pancakes, and even a burger. None of them stood out as being something I would have again.  Yet every time I'm hosting a friend from out if town, I am dragged there because of the hype and publicity. . . I just don't get it.
I visited here twice and was impressed with how beautifully plated and appetizing the food looked.  I tried what I believe was the sage fried chicken. The taste didn't quite measure up to the looks though.  It was kind of bland for my taste, but if you don't mind bland and overpriced, you may very well enjoy HHAGG... or make that  HHANG for Hash House A No Go
I came here because of man vs food, and I was disappointed. The food was very meh. Not coming back.
Highly recommended by all my friends. It was a huge rant so I finally decided to try this place out. First time, we saw our server 4 times. Once to greet and take our drinks, once to drop off our food, once to see how we were doing and once to give us the check. Our drinks sat empty for about 15 minutes as she was no where to be found. Finally the bartenders saw us sitting there and refilled our drinks. We talked to them and saw them more then our own waitress. . . Second time, our waitress was a little better. She had quite a few tables so she was busy. Though the Bussers and/or runners aren't the greatest. They drop off the plates in a rude manner and walk away. My girlfriend was talking to the runner as she literally just started walking away. How disrespectful!. Food was awesome. Finally gave in and got the Chicken and Waffles. Not as impressed as I was hoping to be. But it wasn't bad. . . Overall, the staff needs to take Customer Service 101, ASAP. As much rant as this place gets, you would think the service would be awesome and be proud to work, though unfortunately it's not even close to decent.
Have been twice and I know everyone raves about it, but it wasn't really that great either time. The first time had the meatloaf breakfast- definitely don't do that. The second time had the fired chicken and waffles. It's true that the portions are HUGE. I appreciated that the chicken was boneless, but all together everything was dry and pretty salty. There is bacon in the waffles which would be a nice touch, but there isn't enough of it. I was also with a particularly picky person and he wanted one of their burgers, but with a chicken breast instead of beef. The only way the waitress could accommodate the order was to bring him all of the components separately and have him assemble them on his own. It just seemed weird. All together- meh...
WHY do some people recommend this place?  It took a long time to get to order, the4 food was not particularly special nor reasonable, and it was so noisy that we could hardly talk.  NOPE..will not go back there.
I hope this isn't "the best place for breakfast in vegas".  Very average, actually I'd say less, especially considering the wait times for a Monday morning.  Too many dried out home fries, not enough main course! The skillets weren't even hot when they brought them out.  IN fact, im changing my 3 stars to 2 right now.
Food was excellent but service sucked. Place was empty on a sunday night. We had a large party but were ignored most of the time.  Server didnt deserve the 18 percent gratuity.  What a bummer, I will be back for food not service.
I don't understand all the hype I have heard about this place. It is only that. I had the chicken and waffles. The chicken was bland and dry, and the leeks on top made the whole dish have an onion taste. The waffles tasted completely like bacon, and there wasn't enough syrup. The entire dish was dry. I also couldn't decide how to tackle it. It was a really tall stack of waffles and chicken. I ordered a child sized pancake for my toddler, and it was the size of a small table. The portions are huge and I feel like its a waste of food. Also, I hated the atmosphere. The music was so loud that I couldn't talk to my family members that I had gone out to breakfast with unless I was yelling, and then they had to yell back. The service was pretty slow too, and not the greatest. Finally, the food that didn't live up to the hype was overpriced. I had been looking forward to trying out Has House A Go Go for quite some time and I was thoroughly disappointed.
Large portions size, has no flavor. i saw a busser wiped down a table and left  a booths seat  dirty. Next customer arrived slides down sat on top of it.  Servers's aprons mostly are dirty. Bathroom are disgusted.. . If you like a meal filled with potatoes and little taste... I would recommended here. Not happy and never wanted to come back.
Portions are big, but quantity can't really ever outweigh quality. I don't know how the waffles AND the pancake batter had pockets of raw flour in them, but hey, it is what it is.
Service here is hit and miss.  Sometimes spot on, other times pretty slow, and sub-par. Been a bunch of times to compare.  Low point was the hostess telling my friend and I one night that we couldn't be seated (at midnight) because our entire party wasn't present (we were waiting for his girlfriend who was lagging behind 10-15 mins).  The restaurant is mostly empty, and the girl just stares at us and says "policy."  GFY.  We walk.  In terms of the food, the portions are monsters.  The hashes aren't bad, but non traditional. The fresh squeezed OJ is tops.  The ahi-tuna sandwich also pretty good.  If anything, I'd sacrifice portion size for more pleasant service, and less of a loud atmosphere.  can be a sh$t show in there some days.  Would like some more down home cooking options that aren't sandwiches and hash which is 98% of the menu.
food is massive but size does not overcome quality even for us big people :-)
Been wanting to go here since Man vs. Food episode on them   Decided to test them with dish I could get elsewhere - French toast.  Dry, bland, and way overpriced.  IHOP does it tastier and cheaper.  And IHOP offers military discount which HHGG doesn't.
