I liked the NY location, but this time in Vegas I thought the food wasn't very good but still liked the frozen hot chocolate.  We just ordered the cheese fries appetizer and unfortunately the chili was way too much on the sweet side for both my husband and I.  Also it had way too much cheese on the fries to the point where other than the few pieces that hung off the sides of the plate, 95% of the fries turned out to be soggy.  I think this place is a bit over hyped now.  Oh well, just go for the desserts maybe.
Decent place if you want to gorge down on some rather hefty portions, but for the price you pay, there's much better places to spend your money at in Vegas.. . So it doesn't even compare to the original Serendipity in NYC, but on a scorching day walking around the strip, cooling down with a bowl of frozen hot chocolate is a genius idea...so you'd think. It's a shame that they can even manage to mess THAT up. How hard is it to use a blender? I'd like to not sip on cubes of ice in my slushy, thanks. Granted, they do have more flavors of the frozen hot chocolate here (Oreo, peanut butter, mint, etc.). If you want to keep it strictly Vegas-style, the bartender will even throw in a shot of rum for that extra umph. Of course, for an extra $10, I'd rather gamble away at the tables and order a few cocktails there instead.... . I can't say I'm able to compare the actual food to the NYC location since I've only tried desserts, but the mac n' cheese here was pretty legit. However, for $14?? I can buy 14 boxes of Kraft for that and be just as satisfied.
Went last night and got seated right away, but then took about 10 minutes to get our order in. The food is super over-priced I ordered the Kobe slider and theyre like the size of a silver dollar for $12 and my friend ordered the chicken tenders (I think 5 came to an order) . . They checked on u once maybe twice, and then left us alone. It wasnt really buy though, so yea. . . Its nothing spectacular, especially for the price.
I hate feeling like I've been ripped off.  Average food for double to triple the price!  Makes me sick to think people can charge $15 for an ok-average-ish hamburger and get away with it.  I would rather have gone to Carls for a $6 burger.  I won't go back! :/
This place gets 2.5 stars.. . I went to the original one in NYC and I remember it being more whimsical and better back then. My group of friends wanted to go really badly, and at the end of the day, I ended up going with 3 guys-- all of whom were super stoked to go. Unfortunately it was a disappointing experience for everyone. . . ATMOSPHERE. Same decor as the one in NYC but not as cramped. The music made it less cute (they were blasting hip hop) and service sucked.. . There weren't any tables available so we sat at the bar. Bad idea... (explanation below). . FOOD. We came here for the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE, which was way more magical in our heads. Most people got their own, but my boyfriend and I decided to share because I knew how big the portions were. It's honestly enough for 2 people to share and the bartender even asked my 2 guy friends if they were going to share one, haha.. . The frozen hot chocolate was good, but it wasn't anything special. What totally broke our spirits was seeing them make it. Since we sat at the bar, we discovered that the coveted HC was POWDER MIXED WITH ICE... it pretty much shattered our hopes and dreams, making the experience way less enjoyable.. . Overall, this place is TOO overrated and overpriced. There are better places to blow your money in Vegas!
Saw this place walking on the strip and it looked really cool with the outdoor seating overlooking it. Also being from NY I know this place seems to be a hit. First we tried to be seated, and had to walk to the back of the restaurant and thru all the tables only to walk back to the front. A little strange but OK.  Our server was really nice and helpful while he was at our table but once he left it was hard to get his attention about something. I ordered a burger because i was indecisive about what to get, and figured it was hard to mess up. Boy was I wrong. Meat was almost inedible. My boyfriend also ordered a burger but double but it didn't come with a bun? So we had to pay extra for one? He was find with his but he eats anything so that doesn't say much. Needless to say I didn't eat my burger so naturally there was room for dessert. Deep fried Oreo sundae! OMG! I see why this place is known for their desserts, it was really good, very creative and decadent!  Could only eat about 25% between me and my boyfriend. I wouldn't go back to that specific location or maybe try the NYC location and just stick to the desserts.
over-hyped much like its NY sister spot.  we came here for lunch on a nice saturday during our trip and opted to sit outside near the strip.  great spot to people watch and take in some good weather.  too bad the food doesn't match.. . we had heard about how good the grilled cheese was and given how much my wife loves grilled cheese sandwiches this seemed like a great fit.  unfortunately it was on the lunch menu and we barely missed it but we figured that we could ask and they could whip it together.  they told us that there would be absolutely no way they can do it.  we asked the waitress to ask the kitchen to see if they could but it and they said that there was no way.  mind you this is only about 15 minutes after the lunch menu was closed.  if they were out of ingredients they could've told us and we would've left it bebut they just came off as there is no way we can do it.  so my wife ended up ordering a cheeseburger with no burger.  when the waitress came back after taking the order, the chef told her that they can make a grilled cheese.  awfully a lot of back and forth for just a grilled cheese sandwich!  so after all that, how was it?  meh.  we've had better and especially for a lot less money and hassle.  it was pretty oily from what we remember and the cheese wasn't at that nice melty stage that it should be at.. . i ended up w/ a chicken open-faced and the frozen hot chocolate.  the sandwich was OK but nothing i'd die to go back for.  the frozen hot chocolate was pretty good and better than the one i had in NY.  but it's just a slushier version of a milkshake.. . it did the job.  we were hungry and it sustained us but the annoyance with getting a grilled cheese sandwich along with the mediocre food left a bad impression with us.  don't go here unless there's no wait and you just need something to tide you over to something better.
Disappointing for sure. Everyone waaaaaaaaay over-hyped the "Frozen Hot Chocolate". In the weeks leading up to this last Vegas trip, all I heard about was how I had to try the Frozen Hot Chocolate because it was sooooo amazing. But having now tried it, for the price, way not worth it - it's icy and too powder-y tasting. I would much rather have a chocolate frosty from Wendy's, that's much more like frozen hot chocolate, and doesn't cost $10+ dollars.. . I would say skip this place. There's other (and probably better) places to try on the Vegas strip.
It was alright, but overpriced. Ordered the chili cheese dog with avocado, and they seriously gave me 3-4 slices of THINLY sliced avocado... WTF? . . The service sucked, it was cold as fuck outside and they sat us by the door... which was fine until they decided to keep the door open because "it smells like food, so we are going to keep it open". We asked if we could move to another table because we were cold (it was low 40's) and the waitress gave us shit attitude about it and, the manager I believe, had to check if we could. I didn't really see why since there were 3-4 open tables and maybe 2 parties waiting to be seated.. . The waitress didn't even bother helping us move our drinks to the other table, not that I couldn't pick up my cup and move it, but they had already brought plates and utensils out. But we seriously had to move the stuff ourselves... so I left a shit tip.. . Would have received a 3, but the service dragged it down.
Came here to try their famous frozen hot chocolate.  . . The frozen hot chocolate was OK.  I do not see how it is "frozen" or "hot".  It is basically a cold chocolate drink.  Not frozen and not hot.. . Our server was grumpy too.  No smile, looked like she was mad or hates her job.
I won't be running back to this place. It was disappointing.  I had an omellete which was ok, a lot of the food the waitresses carried by looked like big portions and a nice presentation of pub food types of things. The ice cream sundaes were a big disappointment. Ordered the 11 dollar traditional sundae and paid extra for a second sauce topping--that's fine except they basically left out the FIRST topping, so it's good thing I paid extra for the second topping or else there woulda been NO topping.  Ice cream is supposed to be their thing, so they really need to bring up the standard here because it was NOTHING special at all, and was in fact substandard.  It's in a good location and it's good to see the site right on the strip of Ceasar's being utilized but the decorating could use some oomph and you have to go outside the restaurant to a public bathroom that was like a parking garage bathroom and it was very cold out there.  I'll go to one of the gelato places next time instead.
So I decided to give in to the hype and we got our drink to go, and for $15 it was completely overrated!  The frozen hot chocolate tasted like something that could have been easily made at home, so I wasn't super impressed.  I agree with the other reviewer, Coffee Bean is definitely better and has less sugary options.
I get that it's Vegas and you should expect to spend some money, but a $70 tab for some burgers and a very bad frozen chocolate is just a rip off. . . We went in because I loved the movie and wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate and ended up eating lunch there. The food was decent, but 16 bucks for just a burger? It was good, but not that good. However, the REAL disappointment was the frozen hot chocolate. It tasted like a blend of ice and chocolate powder, with the accent on the ice. The whole thing was watery, not sweet at all and I left HUGELY disappointed. I've had better desserts in Vegas for less than what that watery monstrosity cost. My advise is to stay away. I will say though that the service was great and their sweet potato fries were good. Overall though, it was a bad choice to try it.
Average food for an above average price. 2 stars because they did give us great service
Get ready to pay. The food is alright, for some big portions. And I enjoyed it all. But, really, this diner type food is overpriced. I guess you're in Vegas, and you have to be expected to loosen up the purse strings. But you can make the same counter argument because you're in Vegas too. . . Saving grace = frozen hot chocolate. This is what they're famous. So it better be orgasmic, right? And oh was it. I could've easily passed up on dinner and just had the Oreo Frozen Hot Chocolate for the night. So yum yum! Come here for desert for sure!
We checked out Serendipity 3 last week, and I have to say I was really disappointed. I had a great time the first time I was there, and was eager to share the fun and fabulous desserts with the rest of my party, who were first timers. The frozen hot chocolate and the sundae we ordered were good, and more than enough for the four of us. Unfortunately, the tasty desserts didn't make up for the rest of the experience.. . The attitudes we got from the servers and the hosts from the minute we walked in were awful, treating us more like an inconvenience rather than welcoming us. Our server was ok, but not overly personable, and only came to take our order and drop it off. He never checked in on us, and we had a hard time flagging him down for the check. . . Unfortunately, the biggest problem I had with the place was the music. It was BLARING and completely OVERPOWERING. It was so loud that we had to nearly shout to hear each other. It really put a damper on the whole experience. While the desert was good, and I enjoy the novelty, between the dismissive service and bad atmosphere, I'm not going to be back in a hurry.
I was expecting so much more from this place since its been featured on food network. I guess the original one in new york is better. The food was expensive for something basic, nothing special. My boyfriend and I shared a "margherita" pizza. For $14, it sure was small (well it is sin city where everything is overpriced)... there were only 4 slices and it was nothing like a margherita pizza. No fresh tomatoes and only about 10 measly shreds of basil. . . We also ordered the frozen hot chocolate for 2 at $14. Tasted like a plain chocolate shake... I enjoyed it  but it wasn't anything new. I also could have finished the whole thing by myself. I walked away from this place hungry and disappointed :(
Good people watching from the patio, but not much else.  The food is 'spensive, unappetizing, and the seating uncomfortable.  The only saving grace is that they serve Peroni beer.
10.16.10. . I'm being generous with the two stars.  Only because there was a foursquare check in drink special.. . 45+ minute wait for "frozen hot chocolate"?  And we still didn't get seated?. . Finally had to order to go (demanded from the bride-to-be) and waltzed off to dinner.
I've been to the original location in NY and had a much better experience.. . I went here for dinner last night and ordered the buffalo pizza. The chicken was really good but there was a thick layer of cold cheese and it didn't come with any sauce so it was difficult to eat. My bf got the pot pie and said it was really good. The portions are relatively large considering that you're paying a lot for pretty simple food.. . We also got a coffee to share which was very large and the oreo frozen hot chocolate. The frozen hot chocolate had a weird taste to it, kind of like cough syrup. The service was decent, could have been a lot better. Our server didn't really look at us when he talked and seemed distracted every time. Also, he wasn't very good at refilling our drinks and once he only refilled it half way.. . I really want to love this place but I think there are much better options out there.
MUST HAVE: Mimosa . . ok so i had their frozen hot chocolate again.....disappointed me big time...i think the to go section did a much better job. i asked for no whip, but when it came to me it was SLATHERED in whipped cream. i might give it another chance, but give it a go if you want to try, i dont know if its worth it though im sure there are much betters out there . . then me and the BF shared the full monty...right when we ordered our waiter told us it was his fave thing on the menu....NO WAY...when it came out it was barely warm, dry, and did not taste good!!! . . the mimosa was pretty tasty.... . with all the great food in vegas...dont try serendipity despite its appealing decor!!!
Eh not impressive at all, All the hooplah and hype about their frozen hot chocolate is for nothing. . go make yourself a hot chocolate and make it cold, add some milk and blend it.. . Sorry Serendipity!
Eh, I was a little let down. Seeing this place was like seeing a mirage in the desert. I was so surprised! I didn't know there was a Serendipity in Las Vegas. I only knew of the one in New York from the movie! I saw the menu and I was bummed that my boyfriend and I had brunch already because I really wanted to eat there but I checked out their desserts to see if there'd be something worth the extra calories. There really wasn't that appealed to me, and I am a serious dessert person! I asked the gal at the counter what the frozen hot chocolate was and she seemed less thrilled about it than I was about the dessert selection. I don't know, I'd really have to go back and eat there to give this place a fair rating but first impression for me was definitely lacking. I could try, but do I really want to? Eh. We'll see.
Honestly, it's all pretty much hype. I like the NYC one, but there was at least an hour wait at this one, and we didn't have 3 hours to spend at an ice cream shop. So we got some things from the "take out" window. Which is ridiculously limited in choices. The ice cream itself is fine, but so is Dairy Queen. Definitely won't waste my time there if I'm ever back in Vegas.
enjoyed their frozen hot chocolate, not their service.
Wanted to try this place but the whole restaurant and wait line is very disorganized.  The front door is the back door, there's a line for take out, not to mention the hostess is very rude!   So many other places to go so moving on...
So lets get to the chase, Frozen hot chocolate! So good but so expensive. well luckily I was able to watch the Dbag angry bartender Jesse make this this while it took 30 minutes to get an actual hot Chocolate also. . 12 oz cup = $10 or . 3 heaping cups of hot chocolate mix, 2 scoops of ice, and a cup of milk = make it at home. Serendipity your service is slow and not friendly at all, I dont even know why I tipped the bartender when he got angry when I asked where my friends hot chococalte to go was at after the first 15 minutes of waiting and then waited 15 more minutes at the bar. . GO TO MAX BRENNER!! It is inside the forum shops the shakes are better, the service is better, and you won't get a hissy fit from an employee if your customer is just asking where a drink is when you are just standing arround talking.
the wait: 45 minutes. the hostesses: they could care less about you. the service: slow but kind. in case you didn't get a big enough dose of waiting, wait some more.. frozen hot chocolate: a pack of swiss miss, blended with ice, topped with redi-whip. the powder lingers on your tongue.. warm crab and artichoke dip: it was not warm. the mayo was overload. but the ciabatta toast points were toasted nicely. bbq chicken and cheddar pizza: where's the chicken? bbq sauce overkill.. decor: cute and meant for tourist shopping.. a return visit: highly unlikely
So my first visit to Serendipity 3 was very disappointing. I have been so excited to try the frozen hot chocolate since everyone raves about it. Maybe I came in with my expectations set too high but it really did not live up to the hype for me. We shared a small (which was more like a medium/large) amongst 4 people and we still couldn't finish it. It tasted like a really rich melted chocolate ice cream covered with a pound of whipped cream, one sip was enough to hurt my throat from all the sugar! . . I would have given Serendipity one star for their frozen hot chocolate, but after tasting their cheesecake, I had to bump it up one more star. It was huge and delicious and I really enjoyed it.. . The food looked and smelled really good, I will definitely come back and try their lunch next time.. . Remember to make reservations 2 hours ahead of time to avoid the wait.
I ordered a breakfast croissant sandwich. Very similar to an egg McMahon from McDonald's but on a croissant. The egg (cooked in the same way as an egg Mcmuffin) had the texture of rubber. We had a hard time cutting through with my knife. My meal also came with dried, sat under a heat lamp for a few hours breakfast potatoes. It was the worst meal ever. McDonald's gets 5 stars compare to this. . The bartender apologized for the bad food. But did not offer a discount, even after he saw my entire meal was left on the plate. . They get a star for presentation. . The drinks: Blueberry lemon drop is tasty, refreshing and potent. . Strawberry chocolate mojito is also another refreshing drink. Not very minty. . They get 4 stars on the bartenders attentive service and drinks. . I won't come back unless I'm craving one of the drinks mentioned.
Great, great food!  Potato appetizers have a speical unique kick with the extra added ingredient.  Sundae was amazing.  Burger: delicious.  Mac and cheesy: awesome, but cup of oil in the bottom was hard to swallow!. . As expected, service was a little "dingy".  We waited a REALLY long time to get service initiated.  And when we finally did, the really nice waitress made the mistake of having a side shouting conversation with another waitress across the patio (didn't last long though)???  I know restaurants on the Strip are always busy, and it's probably a high turn-over rate of staff. . . but shouldn't certain etiquette be kinda obvious?  Does it ever cross their mind that they may be serving an entire table of fellow industry folk. . . or better yet. . . .food critics?!. . I'd come here again, but I'd expect a long wait
I don't know why people think the food here is good. It wasn't.. . Had the white pizza and the giant meatball spaghetti. Also ordered the nacho appetizer and artichoke crab dip appetizer.. . Food was below average, in my opinion. It was also very, very slow. Waitress was EXTREMELY forgetful when we asked her for stuff(although, conveniently, the check came like a lightning bolt).. . However, it's ONE redeeming quality, was the frozen hot chocolate. Oh,my, gosh. Deliciousssssss. I would have it over, and over, and over again!
The food as ok...I got the brie cheese burger and my bf got the hungover omelet.. neither one of us were to thrilled about it. If there is a next time, I'll just try there ice cream since that is what they are known for.
A friend and I stopped here last night to grab a bite to eat and a sundae. The wait to get a table was long so we decided to do the grab and go window. The grab and go has a limited menu but still had some decent choices. The line moved fairly quickly, and and the person taking orders was plesant enough. . . It took about 15 minutes to get our order, 2 corn dogs and a chicken cobb salad. The corn dogs were hot and fresh. The salad, well it left a lot to be desired. The tomatos looked dead and the corn, well i didn't see much. . . I would recommened to stick to the sunades.
Overrated.. . Okay so I've only heard about this place and the "frozen hot chocolate" so many times... so I thought for a really long time that this place was like a bakery or cafe that served drinks and dessert.. . So when I finally came with a few coworkers and saw the menu of burgers and hot dogs, I was slightly disappointed. Other disappointments:. . - Insane wait. 45 minutes for a table of 5. - Frozen hot chocolate. It was good, but not $15 good. - The food. Though tasty, so greasy and made me feel sick for the rest of the night. - The presentation of the food. I think they're trying to come off as boutique, but it's just inconvenient and inefficient to eat your food from one large dish when you have six other small dishes of individual condiments around you. It's fine if you're by yourself, but when you're at a table with 4 other people and they also have 4 other dishes besides their main dish, you fight for elbow space. - The scary baby. This isn't S3's fault, but there was a baby who was staring straight at us with no expression. It was freaky, man. . I mean, come on now. $15 for a foot-long hot dog? I don't care how awesome that hot dog was (it wasn't that great) or that we're in Las Vegas or if you serve it on a foot-long dish that holds it perfectly. No hot dog is worth more than a $1 per inch. It's a hot dog, aka, blended leftover parts from animals. I'd rather buy two hot dogs from Costco AND get two drinks!
I was craving a good old-fashioned ice cream parlor sundae, so when we came upon Serendipity, I was excited. Unfortunately, the ($14, mind you) sundae was a COMPLETE DISAPPOINTMENT. In all honesty, a small Dairy Queen sundae comes with more hot fudge than this monstrosity. All it was, was some mediocre ice cream with a ton of half-melted whipped cream oozing off of it to make it look appealing. The burger was good, but next time we'd go to the burger place right next door at Caesar's. Maybe the frozen hot chocolate would have been better, but I don't think we'll go back to find out. My husband didn't care for his strawberry milkshake either.
Expect to wait... Come when you have a minor urge to eat... You'll be hungry by the time you get your food. . . I prefer to sit inside and there is usually a 20-60+ min plus wait depending on the time you go. I recommend the Las Vegas chicken strips as the appetizer! Love the batter! I also ordered sweet potato fries which were good, but I wish they had more dipping sauces other than ketchup for that. The bowl of chili is DELICIOUS! it has bits of filet mignon and is satisfying. The frrrozen hot chocolate is pretty good, but THICK. It's good, but overpriced. . . Onto the place itself... It is cute and spacious, but there isn't much to look at... But you're in Vegas and there's always people that make up for that.. . **Updated portion:. After the LAST visit, I don't think I will be going back. I'm pretty sure our server forgot about us... or was too comfortable inside that she didn't want to refill water for the guests sitting in the 100+ degree outdoor area. Our orders were also not up to par, but we were unable to find our server to let her know. . . If you go here, sit inside or just go to the walk-up window
I had the same exact thoughts as Claire L., I'd rather get a frosty from Wendy's.. . Not worth the wait. I don't even get this whole waiting thing when there's clearly enough space to sit everyone! Maybe their huge menus are taking up space? Haha!. . We ordered a regular, which was meant for one person but my friend and I couldn't even finished it. Felt like a $12 punishment. UGH! There goes my six bucks...
Don't bother!. . 1) Service: The wait is so not warranted. I suppose it was "busy" considering they probably had about the same number of hostesses as waiters. There was a bunch of open tables while they were telling people there was a 45 min wait. Thank goodness wehad a reservation. Our waiter was honest in telling our visitor that they are not known for food as they are for sweet treats but made his recommendations. What he should've done is tell us to go somewhere else in exchange for his tip upfront for saving us from this disappointment.. . 2) Food: They ran out of that Las Vegas Strip Steak sandwich. Ummm it's a wknd and they're not adequately stocked with one of their most popular dishes? So that already ticked me off. My second choice was the crab cake sandwich only because it was about half the price of just the jumbo lump crab cake. It was good the first couple bites, but then I guess the grease finally got the best of me. And the high heel pump sandwich was just whatever as well.  . . 3) Dessert: While the frozen hot chocolate was pretty good, at $10 for a reg sz (compared to just a grande at starbucks) I can never really see making it a point to get again or recommend. Oh and the banana split had soooo much whipped cream, I still could've used all the excess that wasn't eaten as a whipped cream bikini!. . It's great for location and a fun ambiance if you're a girly girl, but for the price and the the wait, go anywhere else.
Two words my wife and I said to each other as we were walking out.. . "Never again". . $14 for a sundae that was just ok while Max Brenner is just a walk away!  I knew this place was going to be a tourist trap but others wanted to go regardless of the bad reviews.  I'd rather buy 3 different pints of Ben and Jerry's from the supermarket.
Great as part of a date night, or if you're a tourist wandering down the strip. As a local who generally avoids the strip as much as possible, serendipity just wasn't worth the trip. . We opted for the to go window vs waiting an hour for a table in the restaurant side. Line wasn't too bad and service was pretty quick. We had to try the frozen hot chocolate just cuz. I guess I can honestly say it was the best $18 chocolate milkshake I've ever had. It was very thick, chocolatey and rich but not overwhelming. Would I go back? Doubtful.. Yes I am yet another person bitching about how expensive it was, but hey its a recession and Vegas is full of awesome and reasonable places. Or maybe I should say - Vegas is full of places that aren't ridiculously overpriced like serendipity 3 is.. I thought about coming back to try some of the food, but the reviews are all over the place. Most point to a badly inconsistent kitchen, so pass!
I'm sorry but I was not impressed with this place. Maybe it was because we were here during memorial day weekend and it was packed like a Lady Gaga concert at an L.G.B.T event, or people read the reviews about their frozen hot chocolates and just had to come try one on such a nice cold and windy day, but either way we had to wait 2 hours before being seated. What really annoyed me was that I had called before we got there to make reservations and was told that they don't make reservations unless it is two hours in advance of you arriving. Um, hello?! We had to wait two hours to be seated!! She could have told me that the wait was that long and worked something out. . . Anyway, after waiting so long I wasn't even hungry anymore. I was going to get breakfast but by that time it was already like one o'clock so I decided to get lunch. I order the Cheddar Burger and fries and I was not impressed at all. My fries were soggy and cold and my burger was mediocre at best. I've had better at McDonald's. I was hoping after waiting so long to be seated I would be blown away by the food and in the end say "it was worth the wait." Yeah, that's a big soggy NO! The minute I put one fry in my mouth my attitude went from bad to worse because I love me some good fries and when my fries are sucking, I start to hate you. . .  We didn't order the frozen hot chocolate because by the time we were done with our food, we were all over it and just wanted to leave. . . All in all I was not impressed by the Vegas location. I'm sure the Manhattan one is by far better but then again, everything is better in New York....
We got the Classic Hot Fudge Sundae with vanilla and mint chocolate chip. The ice cream was way too rich, the price was way too high, and the service was terrible.. The manager even told us we weren't allowed to sit inside because there's a long line of people waiting outside to get seated but no one was outside and the restaurant was deserted. And they turned off the fans outside.
Food is great, but service is pretty crappy, unfortunately.. . We had saw this place on TV and wanted to try it while staying in Vegas one night for dinner.  I assumed we'd be dining in but my boyfriend thought we were just going to get food to go (which is what we should have done).  He followed with my assumption instead and we ended up waiting for a table.  . . First of all we walked in not knowing whether it was a place where you seat yourselves or not.  The cashier probably saw our confused faces then told us that the host was outside.  The host was probably in one of the most awkward places.  The host podium was by the wall behind the "dinner special" sign.  While we waited for our table we noticed people kept doing the same thing we did:  walking by the host podium looking confused as to whether they should seat themselves or not.  This should have been the first clue that this place was completely unorganized.. . When we finally got seated (after more than 15 minutes, but that's ok), we knew what we wanted and our server took our order very quickly.  I noticed there were quite a few empty tables, about half of the room in fact.  This made me wonder why we even had to wait in the first place.  Our chicken tender appetizer was very good and a bigger helping than we had previously expected.  Both of our entrees were just about the same:  I had a Thai steak salad and my boyfriend had spaghetti and meatballs.  By the time we had gotten halfway done with our entree part of the meal was when things started to go downhill.. . Our server was pretty good in the beginning.  He was nice and never really forgot about us until after our entrees were dropped off.  We needed boxes for our leftovers and were starting to worry about making our shuttle back to our hotel in time.  It took our server so long to get us our boxes that we ended up ordering our frozen hot chocolate for dessert "to-go" instead of enjoying it at the restaurant.  I think our server got overwhelmed with guests because the dining room was full at this point.  . . It took us forever to get the frozen hot chocolate but at least he dropped off the bill at the same time.  We figured we'd just leave cash so we didn't have to wait for him to run a credit card.  The only problem was we needed some change so I thought I could easily walk over to the cashier and get two 10's for a 20.  Wrong.  I walked over to the cashier and asked for change.  She replied that she didn't have access to the register but I could ask the bartender if she had change.  So i did that and guess what? I couldn't get the bartender's attention because she was too busy talking. So I walked over to a different cashier who also didn't have access to the register. Who has access to the cash register then? I then tried to find our server, but he was running around the dining room helping his new guests. Finally I found a different server and asked for change.  She said she "thinks" she did but she took forever and a day to sift through her bills to find enough for me.  At this point I was completely irritated.  What kind of place has a customer running around the dining room looking for change?  . . Seriously, never again.  If we ever visit this place again, we'll just get our food to-go because this place seriously doesn't understand the definition of customer service.  They obviously don't know how to run an organized business.
Service SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!. After passing this place so many times, we decided to try it out since we had a bit of time (3-4 hours) to kill before our flight back. The outside line looked busy and we wanted to keep cool so we decided to go inside. The wait was about 15-20 mins to be seated but we saw there were tables just waiting to be cleaned.. . Putting in a rush order, we all decided within 5 mins all our drinks (frrrozen hot chocolate and waters) and our food. We got: Ahi Tuna salad (SO GOOOD), burger and steak fries, crab cakes sandwich, and wings. The food was terrific but the service was SO slow!! It took another 30-40 mins to get our food in which we gave our credit card then and there but they took about another HOUR when everyone but my hubs had to leave for him to give us the credit statement! No tip for him! I'm not sure I would come back because of the terrible service
This was the first visit to this place.. . Service = 3 stars.  Our waiter failed to tell us that the ultimate banana split sundae was the same size as "The Sink" in San Francisco Creamery.  I was with my wife and 2 kids.  Who's going to finish all of this ice cream?  Adam Richman!. . Food = 2 stars.  Disappointment.  Ordered the Kobe beef sliders.  Burgers were dry even to my 9 year old's standards.  The fries was good thus the 2 stars.  We also ordered the frozen chocolate milk and disappointment again.  If your standards is Max Brenner's frozen chocolate then you should stay away and save yourself $15 and go to the nearest McDonald's.  The Ultimate sundae was just okay too.  Nothing to really rave about.. . Ambiance = loud + noisy + can't hear my kids arguing = 1 star.  The place decor is okay.. . 2 Stars Overall.
Just a couple of tips!. . Don't worry about getting the Frozen Hot Chocolate; it just tastes like a cheap milkshake--but if you have to get it at least once, I understand... I won't tell you what to do with your $10-$12. . Also, if you get the Crab and Artichoke dip, be ready for lots of Krab and not a lot of Artichoke to put onto some burnt toast. . Then there is the hot dog--why would you even get a hot dog here? Pinks is RIGHT down the street, and it's legendary! This place... um, not so much.. . Apparently the pizza was awesome, but that observation came from someone who was completely plastered--take this under advisement.. . Oh! And the berries are fantastic as well as the fries.. . Get it girl!
Great food...bad everything else, to the point I'm sure I won't go back when I'm in vegas again, unless it's to go! . . I've seen this place every time I have walked down the strip and always see it on tv on various shows. So I wanted to try it this time before I left. . . The place seemed busy but there wasn't a ton of people inside maybe 70% full. The reservationist is in a awkward place outside that you would normally walk by. I saw every person walk by her in fact and they walk back outside to get on the wait list. I know it's not just me, every person walked by, I state again. . . They had flat pepsi which was due to them being out of ice, which they should have gave us free sodas for. Also your in vegas, on the strip, it's hot. LETS PLAN OUR ICE USAGE better! . . Food was good, big portions and tasty. . . Had a fun time trying to get refills and most of all change. The hosts didn't have access to the registers and the bartender was too good to give us the time of day. We had to stop another server to finally get change, at that point I didn't even want to leave a tip for the server I was getting change for. . . So if you do want to go, get your food to go!!
Quickie: Service is whack. Frozen hot chocolate tastes like a slightly better version of a Wendy's Frosty (perhaps this is because it felt like a thousand degrees in Vegas...). . . Three of my friends and I decided to stop by to try the famous frozen hot chocolate on a late Sunday afternoon. I scoped the place out and saw at more than a dozen empty tables. Sweet, the wait was going to be nonexistent....NOT. The wait turned out to be 35-40 minutes. Why they refuse to seat people when they have plenty of open tables is beyond me!  I asked the snooty hostess why this was so and she said that it was the top of the hour so they had to seat everyone who was already on the list...that didn't even make sense. If there are open tables, shouldn't you seat guests?? The hostesses proceeded to seat two other groups before us in a span of 20 minutes...really?!. . When we were finally shown to one of the many open tables we took a quick glance at the menu and chose the sliders and a regular frozen hot chocolate for two. We closed our menus and waited for our waitress to come around, which probably seemed longer than it actually was due to the heat. She unpleasantly took our order then came out 5 minutes later and abruptly placed dishes on our table without saying a word to us. She must hate her job... . . The sliders were decent and again, the frozen hot chocolate tasted like a frosty. I definitely was not worth $12.  . . If I ever come back I will make a reservation and only to try the other appetizers/omelettes.
I really was expecting more from this. My mac and cheese was kinda bleh. I figured a place that was known for hot chocolate...er frozen, whatever...would have comfort food down pat. Getting seated was kind of a nightmare, and the atmosphere was too bright and crowded for my taste. . . I would have tried it again, but several months later I found Max Brenner, which was everything I wanted Serendipity to be.
Insisted on visiting this Serendipity since I had such a good experience at the original location in New York. I was severely disappointed in my experience.. First, the atmosphere is not the same, although there is still that whimsical feel it just felt off for some reason. . Secondly, the frrrozen hot chocolate here is a poor, poor copy of the one you would get in New York. We got the mint frrozen hot chocolate for 2 and the size, although still big, seemed much smaller than the portion at Serendipity NY. But my biggest gripe is that it was lacking the fine ice crystals that I feel make frrrozen hot chocolate so unique. The drink wasn't nearly as cold as it should have been and since it lacked any ice it felt more like a melting chocolate milkshake and felt very rich and heavy as opposed to rich yet still refreshing.. . The menu is also limited so there are some items missing such as the frrozen pink lemonade which is delicious and would be perfect in the Las Vegas heat. If you love Serendipity and find yourself unable to make a visit anytime soon to New York, Serendipity 3 might be a good option but if you've been to the others and are looking for the same experience I think you'll end up disappointed.
High expectations--unmet. I thought this was supposed to be dessert heaven! . . Came here with two great friends after a delicious dinner and shared an Oreo Frozen Hot Chocolate and a Cotton Candy Martini (?not sure the exact name of these). I absolutely loved the oreo, but the frozen hot chocolate was a little too much for my taste. Too sweet, too chocolately, too thick, I just didn't like it. The martini was alright. Pretty stiff drink.. not so much cotton candy. Can be a good or bad thing.. . I think I'm over this place. Not even if a friend reeeeally wanted to go..
I first want to start this off with: I've been in the Service Business for 15 years, so I might be little hard on restaurants sometimes, but for the most part, I always want to go in ready for a good experience, especially if it's one I like. We are not picky people, so we are coming from a pretty low-key place..... . If you are a fan of the quaint Manhattan bistro, Serendipity, don't come to this place. . . If you are really on the jones about, or haven't experienced the Manhattan location and want to have a Frozen Hot Chocolate, step on in, but prepared to be underwhelmed by everything else. . . Having visited the Manhattan location several times, how surprised was I to see a Serendipity on the Strip in Las Vegas. Wonderful! I thought, this should be fun.. . Sadly, like anything good and decent left, this had been turned into a horrible corporate basterdised version of what is a charming little restaurant.. . When we arrived, (around 2:00) the restaurant was about 70% full inside. We stopped at the hostess stand where the two girls there informed us it would be a 20 minute wait for inside. Huh, says I, looking around, there are 4 tables here that are empty and just need to be bused. Thinking that the hostesses would pitch in and hussle to bus these tables and help the waitstaff... well...what was I thinking? My husband also asked them about his Players Club card from Caesars. Supposedly we got some sort of points or discount, whatever, but it was important to him. Again, just stares and finally one says, "Oh, well, just give that to your waiter."  These girls had much better things to do, like debate their natural hair color, or stare at the wall and wonder why their heads didn't float away.. . After 20 minutes (and seeing there were now 5 empty, clean tables), I wandered back in and asked if they were ready for us.  The hostess asked me if I wanted to be put on the waitlist. No, I gently explained, we have a buzzer. Not only did she call me by the wrong name, but wanted to know if we wanted to sit outside... . Sigh. . . Somehow, even dealing with Bim and Bim, we managed to get sat. . . 10 minutes later, our server appeared. No friendly introduction, no "Hi, Welcome" just "What can I get you to drink?" My husband asked about his Players Club card again, and the waiter looking like they had no idea what we were talking about, mumbled something about the hostesses or something at the end of the meal...my husband just closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose.. . Waters took another 5 minutes and thank God, after our 20 minute wait outside we knew what we wanted, or that would have been another 20 minutes waiting.. .  The food was good. Solid enough and for Vegas pricing, not the worst I've seen. We got a couple appetizers: Sliders and Chicken Strips. The kitchen seemed overwhelmed by the 3 tickets in the window, which isn't a good sign and the manager was out expo-ing the line. Again, not a great sign of a restaurant you'd think should run like clockwork since it's not that busy. We were given our food (not by our server) and dug in. Sliders were good, a little dry, but the chicken strips were very good. I recommend them if you brave this place.. . Trying to save some sort of this experience, I attempted to engage our server in conversation, however that turned out to be teeth grinding, and my husband just started shaking his head. . . All in all, we did get our frozen hot chocolate, but the experience deflated the fabulousness that this desert holds and I know for any future visits to Serendipity, I'll keep it out of Sin City and in the Big Apple.
Horrible Frozen hot choclate but great entrees
I heard many good things about this place and so was excited to try it out.. . My friends and I ordered the Thai Beef Salad, Asian Chicken Salad, Monsters Meatball and Spaghetti, and Grilled Salmon. We were extremely disappointed. I don't even know what the meatballs tasted like. The spaghetti and salad dressings were BAD. The rice was hard. The salmon was a-ok, but the portion was small compared to other dishes.. . On the bright side, I tried their famous frozen hot chocolate, and I loved it! We all loved it! Totally made my experience better. . . I don't know if we didn't order the right food, but I'm definitely not coming back here for their food, ONLY FOR DESSERT!
Horrible service and the food took forever to come out. Considering that I was there on a weekday and not on a weekend
Over. . My lowly review is unlikely to have any effect on the patronage of this over-hyped, over-crowded and over-priced tourist trap.  . . $15 for a double frozen hot chocolate?  Shame on me for giving into hype.  I feel like I got slapped silly and got called Susan.  It was kind of like a chocolate shake with ice chunks.  . . My buddy had the "coward's" banana split.  For $14.  It looked to me like a big...banana split.  That cost $14.  Last I checked, I bananas and ice cream don't cost much.  But I suppose rent at Caesar's Palace does.. . We could have gone to Max Brenner...or maybe just stayed home and saved ourselves the hour wait for a table, the 45 minutes we waited for our orders to be served and the $$ I spent.  . . Sweet?  Yes, very.. . Bitter?  Nah, just over it.
Worse wait I've experienced.. . Most people who spend money on the strip are people on vacation.  I don't know about you, but I don't like wasting my vacation standing around.. . There was a coupon for a free frozen hot chocolate with the purchase of an entree, so I went to check it out.  I've seen pictures, and it looked so large and delicious.. . Turns out, there was an hour wait to be seated.  I opted to forgo the coupon, and stand at the walk-thru window instead.  Horrible decision.. . There were two parties ahead of me, but there were only two workers, so they took the order, made the order, then served the next customer.  The wait took over a HOUR.  I've never had such a horrible wait.  . . When I got the frozen hot chocolate, I ordered the one for 2.  It didn't look as large in a dinky plastic cup.  In fact, they only put about 2/3s of what they put in the blender in my cup.. . The hot chocolate was good, but it wasn't worth the price.  It tasted cheap, like powdered hot chocolate, and blended ice.  I've tasted better frozen hot chocolates, and they are generally made with syrup, for a creamier more integrated flavor.. . Overall, I was disappointed with my experience.  It doesn't taste bad, and the decor was interesting, so I give it a 2/5
Was craving a frozen hot chocolate all week long prior to going to Vegas, so I walked down here after doing a bit of shopping at the Forum shops. Seeing as how I was ONLY gonna get a frozen hot chocolate, I went to the line outside and thought, oh, this is going to move fast cuz there's only 4 people in front of me. . . Waiting. . Waiting. . Waiting. . Waiting. . 20 min later, I finally get to the front of the line. SLOWEST MOVING LINE EVER!Why do they not have more people working here when the line moves at the speed of molasses. My grandma can do cartwheels faster. . . Anywhoo, after paying a ridiculous $10 and waiting over 20 min, i finally had my meh frozen hot chocolate. Wasn't as good as the first time I had it. I feel sorry for the people who were waiting behind me in the growing line.
Had to try these frozen hot chocolates my friends were raving about. I gotta say I was pretty disappointed especially after just looking at their disgustingly oversized giant stale donuts.  . . I tried the Original Frozen Hot Chocolate and the Vanilla Chilla Hot Chocolate and both seemed like they were just ice blended drinks. They were NOT EVEN FROZEN!!! That just seems like false advertisement.. . I feel like i can get something similar at Starbucks.... wait I can!!! The Vanilla Chilla is exactly like their Vanilla Bean Frap!!! Except not as good.. . The fact that it was so hot outside made it taste good, but it is nothing I probably couldn't make at home.
Wanting a mid-day snack we walked into Serendipity (I also wanted to know what all the fuss was about). We had to wait in the HOT sun for like 30  minutes, because I'm not sure why we couldn't sit in the outdoor seating area! Finally our table was ready, and that's when the disappointment began : ( . Service was not good, and it didn't better during the process. . The food was not bad (not great either), the orea sundae however was fantastic.. . Would I go back, no. I just expect good service...
Something isn't right here. When you see this place only at half capacity, you would think it'd be easy to grab a table. NOPE. Apparently that means that they're booked for the whole night. Who the hell are you guys serving?! Ghosts? Bah, whatever, got our frozen hot chocolates from the side windows as a result.. . We ended up trying the white chocolate and double chocolate frozen hot chocolates. I really didn't know what to expect. In my head, I was thinking something along the lines of fried ice cream, where you get that fried and crispy warm batter on top of ice cream, except hot chocolate that's been flash frozen somehow. Nope, mindfuck, it's just a cold chocolate drink that ended up being overly sweet, especially the white chocolate. Probably won't ever try this again.. . Fun fact, frozen hot chocolates don't give you brain freeze. I was able to fist 8 straws and drink through all of them simultaneously like a champ but didn't succumb to it's mind numbing power. I think Serendipity had the last laugh though because I think I just got a cavity and pre-diabetic status after drinking them.
Overpriced. Overpriced. Overpriced.. . The quality of the food is comparable to fast food except at a much more expensive price. Don't expect much on the frozen hot chocolate. You can get the same thing at McD's. . . Tourist trap.
Do not go to this restaurant if you have more than four people in your party! We arrived shortly after 11:00am on a Monday. It was our last meal on our way out of town. My husband and I valeted the car at Caesar's Palace and walked to Serendipity 3 with our four children. . . I stood in a short line to put our name on a waiting list. The lady told me it would be about 30 minutes. It didn't seem like a long time to wait at first. Then we noticed that everyone in front of us had been seated immediately. Then everyone behind us started to be seated. I asked the hostess if maybe they overlooked us. She said that there was another large party of five ahead of us then we were next. Large party of five? Since when is that large?. . I looked in the restaurant to see mostly four tops. I noticed about 5 more four tops were seated before us. That's when I asked to speak with a manager. I asked him why all these four tops were seated ahead of us. He said there were only a few tables that accommodated more than four. It was against company policy to move tables around due to fire hazards. What??? I've never heard something so ridiculous before. They then told us our table was almost ready. I wanted to leave, but I knew I would have to wait everywhere so we waited ten more minutes then we were seated. Btw...the day before 17 of us were seated together at The Sugar Factory in less time!. . The food: way over priced, like most things on the strip. My macaroni was ok but $15 for a 8 oz bowl! My daughter loved the sliders. The meatball pizza was interestingly good. Another daughter had the kids macaroni which wasn't the best but was bigger than mine. My third daughter had cheesy eggs which were full of cheese and pretty yummy. My baby boy shared with all of us. . . Dessert: the Frozen Mint Hot Chocolate was pretty extraordinary however!  It was $14 since I got the drink for two. We also ordered a chocolate milkshake and a strawberry milkshake. They were good, but I've had the same milkshake for less than half the $10 we paid. . . The redeeming qualities: our server was good, they offered a kids menu to sort of soften the blow of the bill, and the valet was free!
i was recently in las vegas for a conference for work. to kill some time before picking up the bf from the airport, my friend, her bf and i went to serendipity. it was probably about 7PM and only one party ahead of us waiting to be seated. we probably waited about 10 or 15 minutes and were sat inside. the inside decor is pink and gaudy. . . i only ordered the small frozzzen mochaccino. it was still a pretty big size if i were to get it as a dessert after eating. it was like a melted watery chocolate shake that you eat with a spoon. . . my friend and her bf ordered the large frozzzen strawberry surpreme which was like a melted watery nesquick shake. it was a little bit bigger than the small size. i probably could have just shared the small size with another person. . . they also ordered nachos with chicken added. it came with small dishes of salsa, sour cream and guacamole on the side. it was bit oily from the cheese and i think they used sharp cheddar because it was kind of bitter. . . overall, i think serendipity is overrated. i mean, it was okay, but its not a place where im dying to go back. maybe once just to say i went and tried the "frozen hot chocolate".
I wasn't impressed with the NY location so I wasn't expecting much from this one in vegas.. . I had the Thai Beef Salad and since I was craving veggies, this hit the spot. . . I wouldn't come here again. Music was loud and the place was pretty pretentious. I hated the gum ball fish tank that was outside in the heat. There didn't seem to be any bubbles/filter thing going on and the fish was slowly being simmered. . . Things are already overpriced on the strip but this menu is ridiculous, just like the menu on 59th.
After going to the new York location, there just is no comparison. I've been to the vegas location a couple of times over the past few years, and it was just ok and didn't meet the high price. Obviously the frozen hot chocolate was excellent, but my meal this trip fell very short from what one would expect with such prices. 30 minute wait for an inside seat OR 10-15 min wait for a table outside. 100 degrees in the shade on a hot patio with fan/mist machines that don't quite reach the tables didn't help the dining experience much. Basically leaving us an even shorter timeframe to enjoy that frozen hot chocolate. I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs which was a huge disappointment. The meatballs were more raw than cooked. The outer layer was brown and looked cooked but the center was still pink and squishy. I realized this after eating half of one. Possibly why I felt sick the rest of the afternoon. Both of my meatballs were the same and my friends plate was exactly the same way. $130 for 4 people and I couldn't even eat my meal lol.
food? pool party? food? pool party?.. my friend didn't want to go to the pool to see boys noize with me so we went here for lunch bc i've been meaning to try it.. . . we get there and it was an hr wait.. to pass the time we had a drink or two at the nearby bar.. we finally get seated and placed our order. . we got... -crab cake salad: surprised at how big the crab cake was and the grapefruit made the dish for me. -tomato soup: creamy but nothing special. -chili: nice portion..loved this chili and the dish i liked the most. -grilled cheese: thick sandwich and was ok.. well, to be fair, i'm not a big grilled cheese fan . -frozen hot chocolate: wow, what a let down.. within a min i sucked out all the choc flavor and was left with a mound of ice. . trying this place once was enough for me..
Me and four other friends had the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate after dinner during one night in Vegas. Here are some thoughts on it.. . "Dude this tastes like a Wendy's frosty.". "I can make a better one at Peets.". . ...and so forth.. . It tasted fine, but definitely overhyped. I did feel a bit ripped off too. $10 for something that can be made for half the price elsewhere. Then again, it's Vegas. . . Try it once for the experience....or something..right...?
I waited for about 30 minutes (outside at the express counter, not inside the restaurant) for an original frozen hot chocolate. It was definitely very delicious and refreshing on such a hot day, but it was definitely not worth the price or wait. It tasted a lot like a Coffee Bean Pure Chocolate Ice Blended. If you want to go to try the famous frozen hot chocolate, you may be disappointed, but hey - at least that will be one more item to check off your bucket list.
Frozen hot chocolate... what a disappointment.  I don't get why everyone are so excited about this.  It's just chocolate milk blended with ice and whipped cream on top.  That was the only thing me and my husband ordered and guess what's the wait time on that... 15-20 minutes.  And the place was not even packed.  I was really looking forward to the drink since they have it trademark.  That's $14 wasted.  The chocolate milk in casino is probably better.
Don't get the food.. It's a rip off! I went to the outside window because I didn't feel like waiting for the restaurant. We got sliders.. they were whatever.. overpriced.. . I only wanted to go to try the famous hot chocolate. It was good..Nothing amazing, honestly. I really think Dunkin's is comparable. Had to do it to say I did it!
This one is soooooooooooooo CRAPPY compared to the one in NYC.  First of all, their service sucks. We waited forever for our sucky waiter to take our order.  . . I was so excited to get their Frrrozen hot chocolate, but unfortunately it was crappy. I got the original and my boyfriend got the oreo.  Both were super sweet and heavy. They were just such a disappointment since they don't put the crushed ice in it like they do in NYC. Without the crushed ice, its not really frozen, so it definitely doesn't really quench your thirst. Their portions were also a bit smaller, not that I could have finished mine, it got too sweet towards the middle.  . . I came here for nostalgia and I'll never be coming back to this serendipity. They are just so crappy. I mean yea, the one in NYC kinda gives you an attitude, but at least the food is good.
If you make a reservation they make sure you hold to it. Dont try cancelling or showing up late, they'll charge $100. Don't show up early either, they'll make you wait til your scheduled reservation time even if tables free up.. . Food was mediocre. I had the Salmon with wild rice salad. I've never asked how I'd like my salmon cooked and when I said medium, I got it more than well done.. what was the point of asking? The wild rice salad .. i should have guessed from the name that it was going to be weird. It was sweet with cranberries, but also mixed with curry? To say the least, I was disappointed with what I ordered .. but everyone else seemed to enjoy their food.. i definitely made a bad choice.. . Seems like a place that is good for dessert. They dont joke around with the size of their dessert portions.. . All in all, I guess I'd give it another shot to change my mind.
Slow servers.. Unpolished silverware.. No refills.. Food is mediocre except the crab dip.. Frozen Hot Chocolate - worth taking the time to try but nothing to rave about.
I came here specifically for the frozen hot chocolate because I've heard so many great things about it. Personally, the drink did not excite my taste buds and I thought it was overrated. It wasn't bad, but there was too much hype so my expectations were high. Got two corn dogs for $7 and they were nothing special, but definitely overpriced. I feel like I need to give this place another chance, try more things on their menu, and sit down inside the restaurant to get the whole experience...
Really over-rated. Don't get me wrong the food is decent, but the wait for it is ridiculous. That type of wait requires food that leavesan impression. I don't remember what I had anymore. What I do remember is the hour wait in 100 degree weather. Yikes!
Alrighty, I heard about the hype and despite the 3 star warning of Yelp, I decided to give it a try.. . As a result, I decided 3 star is over rated.  I think 2 stars is about right here is why:. . Average dish is around $11-$15.  What i ordered is the. . East SIde Omelette- The eggs were too dry and hard.  . . Steak Sandwich- Steak meat is hard............ and it came with cheese and egg.  It felt like a case of bad heart burn as I tried to swallow it.. . Frozen Chocolate- Taste like you add nestle coco powder with ice and whip cream.  Not good.. . Ice cream sundae- I forgot which one I ordered, its the famous one.  Its a HERSHEY syrup madness with SUPER sugar brownie, with tons of whip cream plus ice cream.  If you need a sugar rush, eat it, or else, its nothing special.. . Vegetable Quiche- IT was ok.  I had better.. . Given the price, and the average 30 minutes of wait just for food to arrive, I would NOT recommend this place.  OVER RATED and over hyped.
Ahh...i love how i'm a sucker for all things hyped up.. . So I finally get a chance to come to serendipity3. Had dinner on a Saturday night around 7:30pm but had a 30min wait so we didn't get seated till about 8:05pm.. . We ordered an appetizer of potato skins (there was 8 per order). The presentation was cute. It had 3 tiers. 1st tier was the dipping sauce plus sour cream, chives, etc. 2nd and 3rd tier were a plate of potato skins. That cost $11. . We shared the meatball and mozerella pizza. The portion was good enough to share...and since we had an appetizer beforehand, we were half full. That cost $15.. . Overall, the food was just whatevers. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious...but for that amount of money...WASN'T WORTH IT. Its hard to mess up on potato skins and the pizza, eh...it was good.. . We can't come here without trying to frrrozen hot chocolate. . We ordered a mint frrrozen hot chocolate and a peanut butter cup milkshake $10 and $11 respectively. In MY opinion, it was nothing special. It SOUNDS neat but really, my mint frrrozen hot chocolate tasted like a mint milkshake. If you put a serendipity3 frozen hot chocolate and a jack in the box milkshake next to me, blindfold my eyes and ask me which is which, i wouldn't be able to tell. What's even more disappointing is THE PRICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! $10 FOR AN EFFIN MILKSHAKE is just not worth it. You're better off buying a delicious concoction at Fat Tuesday instead.. . Overall, the food is NOT WORTH the price. Same goes with their famous frozen hot chocolate. Come here if you have some extra money to spend. This place is not for budget friendly folks.. . Would I come back to eat or drink? Hells to the no. Once is enough. Just to say "I've been there."
We ordered food at 12:15pm. It's 12:50 pm and still no sight of our omelet and quiche. What gives????????????
Always wanted to try Serendipity in NY, but the wait was always awful so I was really excited to try it in Las Vegas. I was quite disappointed. I wasn't expecting stellar service, but some service would have been nice. We were seated and apparently there aren't sections bc we had a few servers come to our table attempting to take our order. . . Our food came out 30 min later - we ordered hot wings and 2 frozen hot chocolates. The wings were standard. The frozen hot chocolate came out a nasty soupy mess. It is essentially an overpriced iced down chocolate milk shake w gobs of whipped cream. I really wanted to like it here, but they failed. 2 stars because the actual restaurant is really cute.
Overrated. Even 3 stars makes me think so.. FroHo. no thank YO!. Get a chocolate shake from In-N-Out instead! haha. sorry.
Tried the frozen hot chocolate because people said its good and must try.  Tasted like a very rich chocolate shake.  Not worth spending 10 dollars for it but thats me.  Guess you need to try it for yourself and see.
So my friend and I checked this place out from here great reviews from friends and family as they said the deserts were good.  But after reading other comments on Yelp, I was pretty skeptic (like all other reviews) because it's all relevant as what's good for you or not as everyone has different taste.  . . But when the hostess and server doesn't really seem like they have any interest in serving you in anyway, I just want to get out ASAP.  I understand with a huge line that they must be tired or cranky as the line didn't seem to die down a bit but boy the look and the tone of voice they use were not friendly at all.  . . So going back to the food, my friend and I ordered one sundae as I was told they were big, and it was pretty good as well as I love sweets.  But the deserts weren't anything mouth watering as it tasted similar to any sundaes I had.  For $15 bucks, I can't really say it was worth it.  . . Now, going back to the waiter who served me, at first he seemed super nice as when I asked about what he recommanded, he seemed very determined to help me.  It was when I was paying, he took my check and cash but when he gave it to me, just threw the check holder right front of my face...my friend looking all shocked.  So I took the change and since my seat was right next to the computer where he was working at, he just looked away doing something...no "Have a great day,"  or "thanks, hope to see you soon.." Nothing.  . . I get better service at any local teriyaki stores that has one server that does everything.  =P
This was my third time eating at aSerendipity, my second time at the Serendipity 3. Last time my boyfriend and I ate there I remember it being kind of fun and cute. This time I returned with my mother, and the experience was so poor that I can't believe it's the same place. . . The first thing I attempted to do was use the $4 drink offer from Foursquare. It said it was for "a specialty drink or draft beer." My waiter told me I could only choose a rum and coke or a Miller Lite. Umm, no thanks. Take that offer down if you don't want to fulfill it. . . We ordered chicken nachos and macaroni and cheese. We also had a coupon from our hotel (Paris) for a free Frrrozen Hot Chocolate. Frozen hot chocolate came, and it was alright. Not as good as I remember. . Nachos were good, and the portion was huge. Thanks for that, since my Mac & Cheese was so salty I had to send it back. Not before being chastised by the waiter complaining about it. . . This place could be so good with some decent servers and a little updating. The people watching is great, and the location is great, but the experience was terrible.
VERY underwhelming. Had a VERY dry and unappealing blue cheese burger for lunch. Fries were good though. Frozen hot chocolate was GREAT.
Spending a weekend in vegas with my friends and I had one goal -- check off as many places off my eat-list. Serendipity has been on that list for quite some time, and dammit I was going to make sure I got it this time. . . Walked over the ceasar's and luckily the serendipity window's line wasn't too long yet. I focused primarily on the frozen hot chocolate (etc) menu and was quite taken aback by how pricey the menu was. . . The menu was comprised of standard american fare with a hefty dessert list, but I was only interested in one thing. Frozen hot chocolate.. . I reluctantly ordered my $14 , yes $14 dollar double size original frozen hot chocolate which I had intended to share with my friend anyway. . . Wait time wasn't bad at all. After all, how long could it take to whip up a drink behind the express window. . . My order came out, and I hand to two-hand it over to our table. The mofo was HUGE. I took a side by side comparison of the one person vs. the two person size.  In all honesty, the larger size could have been filling for more than two people.. . I excitedly that first sip, and thought to myself, yeah, this is petty good, but damn $14. That could've been several steak and eggs plates. Sigh. It was a novel idea --frozen hot chocolate, but sadly it didn't quite live up to all the hype.  It wasn't quite frozen, and I was expecting a different, more unique texture. Ah well. . . Doubt I'll be coming back here, at least not for their flagship menu item.
The Serendipity 3 at Caesars is a decent enough place serving mostly diner food dressed up with clever names.  It's a place people visit for the novelty, so expect it to be crowded and busy during meal times and weekends.  A more efficient and professional wait staff would make the experience more pleasurable, but with a line of people waiting to get in, the servers don't seem to feel the need to impress anyone.  It's an "alright" spot to hang out, grab some food, and people watch - if you're not in a hurry to get anywhere.. . Pros:. Average food. People watching. Strip location. . Cons:. Service. Food Quality. . Over the past few years, I have been to the Serendipity a handful of times, most recently in late August of 2011.  My wife has this "thing" about visiting this place, but she's assured me that she's completely over the novelty/fascination.  One look around and you'll know that everyone is here for the same reason - it's kind of funny/cute...hey, it's Vegas.  Make sure you walk around and take in some of the sites and eclectic surroundings.  You can always get your food to go and eat outside, although it does get pretty hot during the daytime.. . The food is average: stay with the sandwiches and burgers - you can't go wrong, the other items are hit and miss, for example, the crab cakes were fishy and gross.  Everyone gets the frozen hot chocolate or some other dessert - nothing special and not much different from what you'd get at your local ice cream parlor.  . . YMMV depending on your expectations, taste in food, and luck: although I've always had poor service, if you are a group of very cute girls and you get a male server, you will get good service...know what I mean?  Unfortunately, it's "that kind of place" where the servers aren't professional and are easily distracted from their duties.  If they screw up your order, I suggest that you make the best of the situation and eat it because it will take an hour or two for the replacement dish to come out.. . In my opinion, the Serendipity 3 in Vegas relies on the draw of their name and offers little more than an average dining experience on the Strip.  A few minor tweaks to the service and quality control of the food, and this place would actually be ok.  Keep in mind that there are places with worse food and poorer service, so don't be afraid to give it a shot if it's on your "Vegas Do List."
The line to get into Serendipity 3 is usually pretty crazy, so I try to bypass that with the To-Go line outside.. . The Frozen Hot Chocolate (and it's cousins in different flavors) are ok. They really aren't that amazing. So if there is a really long line, move on, you aren't missing that much. Plus it doesn't really taste the same as the one you would get at the original Serendipity in New York.. . And for some odd reason it took a good 15 minutes for them to make my Classic Sundae. Scooping some ice cream into a cup and pouring some hot fudge on top really should not take that long. And to make matters worse, the $10 dessert was 2/3 whipped cream. I thought I paid for a sundae not a freaking can of shaving cream.. . Oh and if you were eyeing the sliders, you might want to squint a little bit because those things are teeny tiny.
I have been hearing for some time now that the Frozen Hot Chocolate is supposed to be the shit. Like the best hot chocolate on ice ever. So I thought I should give it a try. . . The Frozen Hot Chocolate was soooooo rich and sweet. It was somewhat refreshing in the 90-100 degree weather but I couldn't even finish it. This is coming from someone that loves chocolate and sweets too. . . Also it was kind of pricey--about $10--for a sugar high. . . Don't bother with the Frozen Hot Chocolate.
Okay, heres the thing.. the special thing is about this place is that their desserts are HUMOGOOO ! and they have this treasure chest dessert that cost like $80.  So it was my friend's birthday and we decided to check out this place before going around the strip.. We made reservations in the morning for 8pm . We got there at 7:55pm and the girl told us that our table will be ready soon. We waited patiently, until i looked at the time not noticing it since I was with my friends.. and it was nearly 8:30pm. we reserved a table for 8pm for party of 3 for the inside and yet they gave us a table on the outside !!! we were so hungry , we didnt even care.  Im the kind of person that would give a place a second chance, so we got this guy waiter. Dude was a total ASSHOLE ! He gave us our menu and didnt ask for our order for another 10 mins . like  really ?!? it wasnt even busy that night. we went there on a wednesday night. When he took our orders, he was so rude about it too. Thought he was being funny but his sarcasm wasnt appreciated at the time nor would i ever appreciate it. UGH, overall. food wasn't any special and it was totally pricy. Desert was good, but wasn't great. i mean i can get a sundae with fries oreos somewhere else with better service. even though this place is nice and known for its good dessert, I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND IT... went there twice and never going again.
This was a total waste of 3 hours.  . . Service: glacial. Food: crappy. Dessert: disgusting. Overall: overhyped. . If you like the Cheesecake Factory, you'll probably like this place.  If you like actual food, run far far away.  . . The burgers were dry and not cooked properly.  The fries were cold and nasty.  The frozen hot chocolate that has somehow earned rave reviews was disgustingly sweet.  The banana split was unpleasant.  . . The only good thing about Serendipity 3 is that it's a great way to differentiate idiots.  If someone likes this place, then you know that you can safely ignore any other recommendation that they might make.  If they don't like this place, then you have a higher probability of getting a recommendation that's useful.
While the name and concept is really eye catching, the food does not live up to par. Food is really heavy, rich, and greasy-almost like fast food type and for what you get, it's pretty expensive. Wait is long and service is not that great, and even then youll probably end up being seated outside in the cold.. .  For starters, my friends and i ordered the onion ring tower. It comes out stacked beautifully with dipping sauces ofranch and such, and was actually pretty good-probably the best part of the entire meal. For my main entree I ordered the truffle mac and cheese ($14). The dish was decent, but nothing too memorable, just a bunch of cheese mixed into some pasta, which I couldn't even finish because it was just too rich after a couple of bites. High heel pump sandwich ($16) is HUGE, but it's also a got so much going on in it it that it becomes a big sloppy mess to eat. My friend ordered the ABC burger which she said was good, but nothing great that would make her come back for it again, especially for $16.50. Maybe this place is better left for desserts. I've heard good things about their frozen hot chocolate selections so next time I'm here, Ill definitely try that instead.
Im really bitter right meow and hate writing bad reviews. Especially at a place where a lot of people had good experiences here. I feel that I have been robbed of a good experience and am missing out. . . Long story short...We got seated, checked in on yelp and was really excited. It took an hour for us to get our food. The restaurant wasnt even crowded, someone just lost our ticket in the kitchen. The staff was very apologetic about the situation and gave us dessert on the house and our server bought us a frozen hot choc. Unfortunately this was our last stop before heading home and we couldnt enjoy the free desserts as we were running late from the food taking so long to get out. . . I got the balsamic strawberry waffles and the girlfriend got the fried eggs benedict. She liked hers a lot but I was disappointed in both of them. The waffles didnt have enough sweet to counter the sour balsamic. I am a big fan of good balsamic and sweet things, when paired well it can be DYNO-MITE, but this wasnt the case. I tried bites of the benedict but my pallet was not in the right place after the balsamic and sweets. . . I am not going to hold a grudge on Serendipity by any means. I am going to give them another shot and hope my experience is better. They gettwo stars because the ambiance and because of the kindness of our server and the manager.
Breakfast here was disappointing due to what I ordered for breakfast.  Another issue was getting there around 8:30; the espresso machine was not yet available for making coffee and there was only the bartender and one food service person providing service.  At the bar, all the customers were told most ofthe staff comes in around 10pm.. . I had the fried benedict; I should have keyed on the word 'fried', biscuit (not english muffin) and gravy (not hollandaise sause).  Unless your into southern style biscuit and gravy, do not order this item.  I had chocolate coffee, due to not being able to order a cappuccino type coffee drink (no espresso) !!
If this is the only place you can find in Las Vegas to have dessert, then by all means, go for it. . . I'm not a tourist, but if I WAS one, I'd avoid this place like the over-priced, over-hyped, over-indulged place that it is. . . I just went in for the aforementioned over-hyped frozen hot chocolate. What everyone has failed so far to mention is that this is not frozen anything. This is a richly watered down chocolate malt. It doesn't qualify as malt because it would have to have body to be that. This is like cold hot chocolate. . . I asked the waitress where my FROZEN hot chocolate was and she looked at me like I was an alien andsaid 'do you know what frozen is?' I refrained from sarcasm and told her I was well aware of the term 'frozen' having lived in NYC for years. She said that I wouldn't be able to eat it if it were frozen. I held myself back, barely, from explaining ice cream's properties. Suffice it to say that this is a dessert that is a lot of money for a lot of nothing. . . My guests and I also had the carrot cake which was divine, but it was still carrot cake and not worth the $11 price tag. We also had this very strange 'Forbidden Broadway Sundae.' I'll demystify it for you: it's chocolate ice cream with a LOT of whipped cream and a small slice of dark chocolate cake. For $11. You're welcome, I hope I've just saved you the money you would have spent on that. Buy me a drink when we meet, I promise your money's worth, which is more than I can say for this place. . . When I lived in NYC I always tried to tell my friends to stay away from the touristy areas, they are MADE to rip money from your hands with a paltry return. I give all Vegas tourists this same advice. There are much better places to indulge your sweet tooth than this scam.
Came in for dessert after having dinner at Central, since they didn't have a very appealing dessert menu.  . . Shared a strawberry sundae with my bf b/c I know how big the portions are and I think the server was annoyed that we were sitting in his section and only ordering one item, which I get, but we were still going to tip him well.  But even so he should not be rude towards his guests for any reason!  The sundae was delicious but overpriced.   I only come for dessert b/c their food isn't that great.  It's more of a tourist attraction.
Not impressed at all with Serendipity 3. I've been wanting to experience this place for quite sometime, I still have hope for the NY location. I met a few friends here on Saturday night for dessert. There were a couple people in line in front of us after 11p and we were sat within about 20-30 minutes. I ordered the carrot cake and smores hot chocolate. Thecarrot cake was nothing special at all. HUGE, yes - tasty NO. The smores hot chocolate was pretty good the toasted marshmallows were good, but I LOVE marshmallows so that's an easy to please right there. The graham crackers were good and sort of smushy in the cup and I think it had chocolate kisses in it. It was ok. I also shared a frozen Oreo hot chocolate with me friend. It's not something I ever need to try again. The decor of this place is also awful in my opinion. It was about 30 degrees outside so the thing Serendipity did have going was the heat - it felt about 100 degrees in there. I didn't try any of the meals but I certainly wouldn't go for this type of meal if on the strip with the other selections. Our server was very nice and we actually closed the place down - it must have been after 1A when we left.
This place is alright. I've been wanting to try it just because it's Serendipity and I haven't been to any of the other ones. I didn't have time to wait in line and eat there so my friends just went for the window instead.. . My boyfriend and I shared a Cappuchino Frozen Hot Chocolate and one of the dogs. I think it was the regular one. New York Dog? Not sure. . . The dog was just that. Just a hot dog. Nothing special. . . I hardly noticed any cappuchino flavor in the frozen hot chocolate. I expected it to be more fabulous.. . The only thing that really caught my eye here was the fact that they give you Total Rewards points for buying here. And that its plastic utensils are so shiny that they look like real silverware! lol
I wish I could rate this place higher because it's just so damn cute, but unfortunately there isn't much here besides the frozen hot chocolate, at least dessert-wise. I haven't had the food, but I'm not very compelled to get an overpriced burger just because the umbrellas are pink. Although I guess that's pretty enticing. . . You can find coupons for the frozen hot chocolate everywhere. My first one was from our coupon book at Paris. The full size is easily shared between 3 people, and it's quite satisfying when your sweet tooth is aching (hah pun intended) for something chocolatey and covered in unhealthy amounts of whipped cream. I tried the ice cream here though, and I seriously couldn't finish them because I kind of got over it. I wanted a light sorbet for the hot weather during the summer. Nope, got a super thick mango... thing. I think it was too mango+tons of sugar for my liking. The other flavors taste like a typical grocery ice cream, so nothing too special there either. It's not really worth the line, but you should just go once... for the pink umbrellas :)
Not what I expected :( long wait, frozen hot chocolate wasn't the BEST. Onion rings were good, kind of pricy. Atmosphere: eh, loud. Kind of disappointed
Ordered FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE from the takeout window, which faces Caesars Palace.. . Nothing spectacular, just tastes like a $10 blended mocha without the coffee.. . A nice thing to try once.  Order from the takeout window so you don't need to brave the crowds inside.
This is one of those places where you will probably want to go once to say you have been there.  The frozen Hot Chocolate was good, but not worth the hype of the price.  Frankly, the regular hot chocolate was better.  . Overall, it is overpriced, crowded, small and a high ambient noise level, but hey this is on the strip right in front of Caesar's, so what would you expect?
I've come here twice using the take out window.  I've had the frozen hot chocolate the first time and got the banana split to go the second time.  The frozen hot chocolate was not memorable and the banana split was good but both were way overpriced, $10 or more.  Try the frozen hot chocolate as this is what they are known for, but if you want ice cream there are way cheaper alternatives.
THIS REVIEW IS ONLY ON THEIR FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE. NOT ON ANY OF THE FOOD. . Their frozen hot chocolate is what they are know for, but it was just mediocre.  The consistency of the drink is icy, like a blended drink, not creamy like a shake.  The flavor/ quality of chocolate tasted like maybe a ghirardellis blended drink.  Nothing too special, especially for $12.  Not only that, but the whipped cream tasted like it was from a can of reddi whip, opposed to fresh.  This drink was ok, but for 12 bucks, i expect more.  I think an appropriate price for this beverage would be more like half the price.
(~). - frozen hot chocolate. . (-). - overpriced. - too much hype. - long wait. . Me and my friend dropped by around 1230-1pm friday to try the frozen hot chocolate. There was a 20 minute wait (also a faster to go counter outsidefor those who didn't want to wait) which sucked since the place didn't live up to expectations.. . We split the frozen hot chocolate for two which was brought to us quickly. It wasn't bad but I thought it was waaay too sweet. And for 15 bucks? so not worth it. A better bet would probably be a sundae, those are also overpriced for what little you get but at least you'll get something that probably tastes better.. . bottom line: overrated and overhyped
I really wanted this to be like the one in NYC. I'm obsessed with that one, more than obsessed with their frozen hot chocolates. So, when they use a mix to make their drinks, one would assume they would be close to each other. They are NOT.  They are not only a lot smaller than the NYC version but they aren't as good.  There is something off with theirs.  However, it still somewhat satisfies the cravings when you can't get to NYC every weekend. . . If you can sit outside, do it.  You have a view of the entire strip and that makes it worth a little wait. Just don't eat there. The food in the NYC one was never great, and the LV isn't any different. LV has great restaurants, go to one of those and then here for dessert. If there is a long wait, don't wait around. Go to the bar, order it to go, and get out of there and enjoy Vegas!
Over priced and Over rated!!. . Frrrozen hot chocolate was okay. I would recommend it only because its not a common dessert, but just don't have high hopes. I love how Caesar's called it "the legendary favorite." Barney Stinson would not agree.  Its a bowl of chilled hot chocolate with a TON of whip cream on top and sprinkled with flakes of chocolate. That honestly describes it. Nothing special about it except for its height and price tag. Its $11 for a small and $15 for a large "for two to share". And FYI the large is perfect for three people, especially if your eating a meal here.. . Pesto Italian Pizza has a wonderful crispy crust, but it really lacked flavor. I'm assuming if pesto is part of the title then it would at least taste like pesto, but oh was I wrong.. . In and out does better burgers. Sorry, but I had to say it. Although you get a thick cut of beef patty, someone needs to tell them that quantity does not beat quality. The bread tasted old and it was soggy. My friend ended up eating it as an open face sandwich. The fries, on the other hand, was delicious. It was crispy and had a perfect golden yellow hue.. . The hot dog was just....a hot dog.. . Warning!! The bathroom is quite a distance away. You have to walk outside to get to it. And I have no idea why the floor on the patio was so slippery!. . Overall, the food didn't blow my mind and the service was good.
I came here for a quick birthday treat with my friends and family. Hoping that Serendipity would live up to it's bragging rights as a great dessert shop, and at a really good location, I was slightly disappointed.. . Now, first, lets just talk about the positives about the shop. I think the frozen hot chocolates does live up to its expectation. It is amazing, and delicious! We had the classic Serendipity regular hot chocolate, and the amaretto hot chocolate. My favorite was the amaretto. I would definitely go back to try it again, and I can almost be sure that sometime soon I will crave for it (come spring or summer time). Judging by the price comparison that was described on the photo captions on their yelp page, and their menu, it looks like the prices have gone up. We paid $13  for the hot chocolate size that fits for two. The portion is big and it was good enough for three people to feel satisfied, and less guilty. The onion ring tower was ok. It is seasoned with grated Parmesan, and it comes with a BBQ and Ranch as dipping sauces. We also had the lobster and artichoke dip with bruschetta slices. That was about $13, and felt really robbed. 8 small pieces of bread and  miniature cup of dipping? I wanted to cause a scene for that ridiculousness! . . Now the bad side, theservice is freaking horrible. I mean, seriously seriously bad. I'm pretty easy going and it's very hard to let me down, but on the day of my birthday when everything was going great the one thing that slightly destroyed it all was the service. The hostesses weren't really doing their job. We had no welcoming greet, no small talk, and I even saw frowns on their faces! Then, our server Jessie didn't really tend to us very much. She asked us only ONCE if we wanted more water and that was AFTER she gave us the check? She never even checked up on us, and the place was freaking slow! Her "have a nice day" just seemed so insincere and animated. I just felt like I was completely disregarded, and that I was some person who didn't deserve some decent service because I didn't "look" the part or something. I just felt so bad..i mean this is the second worst service I've ever had and the first was McDonald's! But I can't even blame them because they are probably slaving in the kitchen at a low paying wage! . . Work at McDonald's flipping burgers if you aren't gonna even TRY to give good service! For the price I fork up for freaking frozen hot chocolate I should at least get decent service.
It was my first time to visit the place with my friends and we were allstarving after walking along the strip. We were told we had to wait for 30 mins which we thought was ok since we were all tired anyway and we can just sit outside. aft about 40 mins, we checked on it with t he hostess and we were told that we were called already and they will just put us again on the top list. We found this so impossible since we were just outside with othere who were on the waiting list. after about 5 mins, the lady showed us our table. I called oneof the hostess and told her that we are all ready to order. To our surprise she said "I am not your server" and left. We were all shocked and sat for 15mins asking ourselves who to call then when the hostess itself was not interested to help us?! We then called another girl and told her "Can we have someone who can get our orders?". . Foodwise- it was A ok, i ordered the pepper vodka pasta. Proportion is average and foor was freshly cooked. My friend ordered the sundae thing and it was good. The waitress was checking on us from time to time which i think was good considering that we were stil not over with the hostess' attitude.. I guess, the servers know that people will still go to their place and they dont have permanent customers since its a tourist's place that is why they are not after good customer service. . My suggestion is, just  go for take out. Dine in experience is terrible!
I've been to Serendipity in NYC and thought it was pretty good--I even bought the packets to make my own hot chocolate at home!  But Serendipity 3's frozen hot chocolate could use some work.  It just tasted like chocolate milk from the carton that had been in the fridge.. . What I did enjoy was the carrot cake.  Yes, it's expensive but it's also enough to feed 6 people and it is actually moist and delicious without being too cloying.  The cream cheese frosting was also fantastic!  I wish I knew the recipe because it would go so well with red velvet cupcakes!. . So while I'd give the carrot cake 4 or 5 stars and the frozen hot chocolate about 3, the service is a 1.  The waiter we had was so rude.  My boyfriend and I wanted to share the small 10 oz frozen hot chocolate and the waiter would not stop insisting that we order the larger one.  Even after I told him *repeatedly* that that was what we wanted, he would not let it go.  Seriously?  Funny how he didn't bother mentioning how ridiculously large the carrot cake was!  Seems like these waiters are just hungry for more tip.
Had some friend in town so we thought why not trying something different and we read about the frozen hot chocolate.  So we came to see what it was all about.  So first off when we got there small 5 min wait.  Not too bad.  Then started out with onion rings with Parmesan cheese.  That was pretty good.  . . Then for entrees my girl had the Jumbo lump crab cakes (way to salty) with a whole grain mustard sauce and whole grain mustard Cole slaw.  . . I had the "Full Monty" Chicken, arugula, grilled red onions, bacon, and cheese on a ciabiatta roll.  . . ***The Bad***. Chicken grilled to saw dust stage way to dry.  This chicken was so over cooked that it took me a good minute to saw through it after I took it off the sandwich so I could eat it.  The bacon was old and stale. The BBQ and the ciabitta was a little over board.   . . . The only thing that made me give them 2 stars was the onion rings.   Even then ranch and BBQ with Parmesan Cheese dusted onions rings is a pretty lame excuse for not being creative.  This is a dessertonly place so don't get your hopes up for anything more.
Such hype.. . Came here to take a break after killing it at the tables @ Caesars.  Ordered a bit of everything.  Nothing here is great or special.  Just okay...  If you factor in the prices, it's a rip even by LV strip standards.. . Frozen hot choco would only be something special if you were living in a cave.  On Mars.. . Service was horrible.  Never saw the waitress again after our order was dropped off.  I left more than enough cash, and had to let another waitress know about it.. . Stupid thing is, I might just go to the one in NYC next month to compare!
I was raped at Serendipity 3.. . Wallet raped, that is.. . The reason it scores only 2 stars: The wait is almost always AT LEAST one to two hours, so you really have to plan on when you want to visit. The burgers aren't fabu, but the breakfast is cool. They don't always have the outside seating available, which is so dumb - it just increases the wait time. The food is good but it's doggone expensive. I got four sliders the size of Susan B. Anthonys for $13. THIRTEEN DOLLARS!!!!! The price of two 'meals' (a hamburger and fries, sliders, a soda, and a Frrozen Hot Chocolate? $60. SIXTY BUCKS!!! I'm enraged! And I'm still hungry!!. . If you're in Vegas, seriously...you have to visit this place. Just save yourself from being annoyed and wallet-raped. Eat here for breakfast, or eat before-hand and satisfy your Serendipity craving with a Frrozen Hot Chocolate.
My wife wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate.  We ordered the size for 2 for $15.  It was good but wasn't that special in terms of a chocolate type smoothie.  Imagine a gigantic wendy's smoothie except half the cost.  The portions at this place are huge for the food, I saw people order various things like nachos, burgers and foot long hotdogs.  I went outside and looked at the menu prices and was shocked.  $17 for a burger, $14.50 for a footlong hotdog?  Are you kidding me?  Wow.  This would have to be my last resort before dropping $50 before tax and tip on a burger, hotdog and dessert for two.  It would have be kobe beef on everything, including the dessert :)
I've been wanting to try this place because it's so popular in NY, and this location is as close as I can get to it :P  Everyone talks up the 'frozen hot chocolate' so we definitely had to try it.  I love hot chocolate, and this was a different experience - but it's one of those 'you have to try at least once' things.. . I wish I had a mojito instead because everyone says they're known for it - but the likely hood of coming back here is slim to none for me.   I love chocolate and have a big sweet tooth - but I just wasn't impressed, the food was mediocre and the service was just OK.
Dear Serendipity, . You suck. . Craig R. . . I had wanted to try their famous frozen chocolate drinks and massive sundaes for a long, long time. When I was in Vegas a few weeks ago, my group of four went to the restaurant at about 10:15pm on a Friday night. When I walked in there were many tables open in the main dining room and on the outdoor patio. When I asked how long the wait was for my party I was told forty minutes. I wasn't sure I heard the hostess correctly so I asked "I'm sorry, did you say forty minutes?" To my question the hostess rudely replied "YES, I DID. Just wait outside and we'll call you when we have a table available". Once outside we encountered a couple also waiting for a table and they said they had already been there twenty minutes and they had seen many diners leaving but they still had not been seated. . . After waiting about ten minutes (the couple still had not been called in) my groupand I decided to just go to their walk up window. We ordered one large frozen peanut butter hot chocolate, one regular frozen hot chocolate and a chocolate cake sundae. The large frozen PBHC was huge and pretty damn tasty but I was so disappointed I didn't get to try it in one of their big glass mugs topped with mounds of whipped cream. The regular frozen HC was decent sized too and equally as tasty. Honestly though, I felt they charged too much for their to-go drinks. The price for the to-go drinks are the same as if you were to get them in the restaurant. Since you're not getting the true Serendipity experience I thought they'd at least cut back the $13 price tag for the large drink ($10 for the regular). . . The sundae wasn't very good. The piece of cake in the sundae seemed like it had been setting out a while. The cake itself was a tad stale and slightly crunchy. At least the guys running the to-go window were friendly. . . I'm still not sure why the wait was so long when they had so many open tables. I saw a bunch of servers when I was putting my name in so I don't think they were understaffed or anything like that. After looking over the many reviews on Yelp I see a lot of people complaining about the bad service they received. Maybe Serendipity thinks because they are so popular they can treat people like garbage because they will never be hurting for business. If that's the case, which I'm assuming it is, then they can take their big frozen hot chocolates and shove it up their behinds. . . Besides, Max Brenner is only five minutes away from here and I know from experience that they truly care about their customers and that their products, especially their shakes, are top notch. I wouldn't return to Serendipity's now if you paid me. They suck.
Any girl obsessed with love story movie themes and one who watched Serendipity had to check this place out on a recent visit to Las Vegas. Well this girl was me and I left pretty let down. The speciality item is the frozen hot chocolate and a "must have" so of course that is what I had. Service inside the restaurant caters to those eating meals so they pretty much ignore you if all you want is a drink. Finally someone told me to go to the outside walk-up window where they provide take out and make the drinks. I pretty much could have stood there all day long as no one took the time to acknowledge me until at least a good ten minutes. Clearly lacking in customer service skills people. Anyhow I lined up outside in the heat and ordered a ten dollar frozen hot chocolate. It basically was a malted style drink with lots of whipped cream. A frappacino has more flavour. It hit the spot cuz it was so hot and I was sweating up a storm but meh not so good. Overpriced and clearly overhyped!!!
I really wanted to make this a 2.5 star review but, this is close enough. We came here since we didn't make it out there in NYC. Waited for half an hour to be seated to try the frozen hot chocolate....really its like a blended chocolate ice milk shake. Our server wasn't really attentive....we told her no breakfast, but she left menus with us anyway. We ordered the frozen hot chocolate for two, and she got us the single portion. We didn't send it back since the one portion was enough for us. I don't know how the NYC one is, but in terms of service, I hope its better than this one. Anyway, we can check this off our list now.
Decent food, terrible service. That pretty much sums up everything. The first hostess told me that it would be a 5 minute wait until I could get a table. That's reasonable considering that they weren't packed or anything. In reality, I waited about 15 minutes for a 1 top. When the second hostess called me up, she se sad "Nina, table for 1." I learned from one of my friends that this is not an acceptable way to call up a single person since this may be "embarrassing" for the individual dining alone. I didn't care but I thought it sounded odd. After I went over to her, she didn't say another word to me. Sooo awkward. The server came over to me and seemed angry at me. I hadn't even said a word yet. Maybe since I was only one person, she thought she wasn't going to get much of a tip since it was just me. Actually, I work in a restaurant and I would have totally tipped her nicely if she wasn't so rude. It probably pissed her off a little more that I ordered coke instead of one of their 15 dollar coffee drinks. I ordered the Eastside Western omelette without proscuitto. When the food runner gave me my dish, he announced the dish, dropped it and left. Another awkward moment. The eggs were fluffy and there was tons of Jack cheese (which I love). However, the sweet potato fries on the side were cold when I got them. I also ordered a carrot cake which was awesome and huge. I'm still really bitter about the service I received though.  The server pretty much seemed angry at me the entire time and I barely saw her (which may have been a good thing). They really need to hire some new people or re-train these people in hospitality.
Luckily we were able to steal three seats at the bar during lunch time, after we were told they were on an hour wait, when literally HALF of the tables inside and out were empty. It seems this place is always on a wait, but not busy enough to warrant it. I can't understand why this place wouldn't want to get all of the business they can. My group thought the food was just OK, and lacked much flavor or excitement.
I was so excited to go here after seeing the restaurant on a previous trip to Vegas. The decor didn't disappoint because it is adorable inside and the frozen hot chocolate is fantastic. I ordered the Full Monty with a cup of tomato soup and my husband got a cheeseburger and sweet potato fries. My soup was ok, a little on the sour side but it wasn't horrible. Unfortunately my sandwich was awful. They forgot the bacon, and the chicken breast was char-broiled to the point where all you could taste was that "burned" flavor from the char lines. I think they were going for caramelized onions but they were "caramelized" to the point of tasting burned as well. Then they slathered the whole thing in bbq sauce that was to tangy. I was bummed but I think I may have just ordered wrong. My husband said his burger was really good and the sweet potato fries were definitely yummy so I'd be willing to go again, to try something else just beware of the Full Monty if you don't like the flavor of charred food.
Serendipity 3 has been a favorite on the Las Vegas Strip but it appears the luster has gone.  The first inkling the restaurant is having trouble was the inability to efficiently bus the outdoor tables alongside the strip.  Tables situated close to the Strip were left dirty and empty.  As the night was cool, Monkey asked for the heaters to be turned on but apparently all the heaters were out of propane except for one.  The food has noticeably declined over the years.  The Safe at Home Kobe sliders were cooked way too much spoiling the potentially delicious meat.  The Spud-Ntks were inedible.  As for the Sundaes, they were passable.  As Serendipity's decline has begun, Monkey will look for other dessert places in the desert.
There was an hour wait to sit inside the restaurant so my daughter and I decided to order from the outside "Grab -n- Go" window. We ordered a hot dog, nacho chips & cheese, 1 order of fries and 2 soft drinks.  The total was $34.00 which is a lot!  It took 45 minutes to get just the hot dog and it was an hour before our complete order was ready.  It was busy, but not so busy that an hour was reasonable.  The food was good, but not worth the wait.
The only advantage this place has is it's location.. . The service is horrible and the food is blah.  We waited about 30+ min for an outdoor table (we were told it'd be another at least 15, so I had to start the commotion), and when we got to the outdoor seating area, half the tables were empty!  We were starving and have studied the menu so we were ready to order pretty much right away, yet the waitress told us SHE needs a minute.....which turned into 20.  The appetizers took forever to come out and the 2 omelets even longer. . . The cherry on top is when 2 more people wanted to join our party of six, the waitress told us it's not allowed as it's considered fire hazard....makes me think people leave their logic at home before coming to work.  After speaking to the manager, he was able to "eliminate" the fire hazard and seated our 2 friends.  Which by that time, we were all done eating.. . I certainly won't be coming back.
Totally overrated! . We order green tea frozen hot chocolate, and it is not HOT. Isnt it supposed to be HOT? or am I just taking it too literrally? . Also for the strawberry sundae, it was meehhh. Nothing special, really. . And their service is sooooooo slow.
Over priced and over hyped...  Sliders were dry. Frozen hot chocolate could be had somewhere else for half the price with better quality.  For the prices they are charging, you figure they would at least try to serve you quality goods.
18 dollars for a foot long hotdog that taste like an average hotdog I can easily order somewhere else or even make my own!. . The inside wasn't even impressive and crowded by tourist not aware of the simplest courtesy that standing by the entrance is rude!  . . The only good thing about this place are the shakes and desserts but even that is overpriced for what it is.  Frozen hot chocolate is really good but a hit or miss with friends because it's too sweet.. . I can agree with most of the reviews from yelpers that this place I overrated but atleast I now personally know.. . The server we had was the only good thing that came out of this place.  She was funny rude if that even makes any sense and was well deserved of the big tip we left her.  From the menu to the taste, this place doesn't stand out from the average restaurants that are out there.
Just went here for the frozen hot chocolate. Expensive? Yes. Worth it? Mehh .. not so much. It's not that it was terrible, it just wasn't worth the price tag. . . Tasted very similar to a melted version of a fudgesicle. The large size is really large .. definitely more than enough for two people. I learned this the hard way! Overall, nothing special, but worth trying at least once since it's clearly a big tourist spot.
I'm not quite sure why people love this place. Food is pretty expensive, but at least it tastes fine.  . . Probably the worst part of the meal came because we tried to get there early.  It was almost 95+ degrees in dry Las Vegas at 11:15 AM, but the misting fans that were on the outside patio didn't come on till noon.   Really guys?  You don't have control over your own fans?  Take them off the timer, seriously.... . At least the servers were on top of refilling water, but that's only because we were dying on the patio during the summer time heat.. . Maybe just come for dessert?  Chances are you'll be drunk and won't want to walk to Caesar's Palace though.... . Might as well skip it, and just lie to your friends who didn't Vegas with you (and say it was whatever).
Las Vegas is known for indulgence.  Serendipity 3 should be a place to indulge.  The Serendipity locations in New York and Miami are bothdecent places to visit.  The location in Las Vegas is not worth the wait, the price, or the frustration.. . If you are in Caesar's or nearby and you are craving dessert then go to the Forum Shops and check out Max Brenner's.  The food a Serendipity is not that spectacular, the desserts are large but are not overwhelmingly tasty. The service is extremely spotty for a prime location on the Vegas Strip.  Sometimes you get good service, other times you feel totally left out on the patio.. . If you have been to the other locations, come in, buy your t-shirt then head over to Max Brenner's.
We wanted to grab a frozen hot chocolate for a late afternoon snack. Well, the wait at 4 pm on a Monday was so long for 2 people that we ended up eating dinner. I had the veggie burger, which is housemade and served with a spicy roumalade and avocado slices. It was really, really good. The sesame bun was grilled crispy, but the inside was soft. Probably the best veggie burger I've had.. . I got the Cole Slaw as my side and it wasn't good at all. It was the prepackaged, mayo based kind so unless you like that kind of thing, stay away. I tried a few of my friend's fries though and they were good.. . The frozen hot chocolate was disappointing though. I have not been to the original, but my friend had and she said it was not the same. It came out melted and didn't have the strong, rich chocolate flavor I was expecting.. . Oh, and we sat outside (on the patio facing Las Vegas Blvd) in June (it was in the 90s) and it was hot, but not uncomfortable. I actually enjoyed the water misting fans.
I waited 30minutes for stale nachos. I watched them sit under a heat lamp for 20 of those minutes because they refused to serve us the food. . Frozen hot chocolate definitely worth a try. Go to this place if you want to pay the same price you would at a football game that isn't as good, and without the game.
Not actually bad, but I won't go back. The 30 minute wait at completely different bar was the best part of the whole experience.. . Had a 35 minute wait, but they use nowait.com so you get a text message when your table is ready, this let us wander to the bar at Central in the lobby of Caesar's Palace to escape the heat. This was the best part.. . The hostess wasn't rude, but not really friendly, all the servers actually looked mad. We ordered the nachos and their famous Frozen Hot Chocolate. The whole reason we came here was because we're fans of that. That was fine, but really not much better than making it at home from their packets. The nachos were very average except for WAAAAYYYY too much salt.
I ordered a brownie sundae and waited for about 20 minutes after paying to get it.  They were "changing shifts" but somehow proceeded to make hotdogs with all the toppings for people who ordered after me.  I also tried ordering  a large bottle of water and they rang it up at $8, to which i said no thanks.  I am from NY and work in NYC and i've never seen such an outrageous price for just water.   All of the Walgreens i went to in Vegas were selling the same size water bottles for about $2.29.  I don't see why they feel the need to rip people off when it comes to water, their ice cream is already over-priced and it was just OK.  I'm not picky at all and i know Vegas is expensive but this was hands down the most dissappointing place i went to there.
really don't get what  the hype s all about.  the food is really just ok.  desserts are just so so.
Came back again to the walk-up window just to get some frozen drinks.  This time around I got an Oreo frrrozen hot chocolate.  Talk about overpriced!!  Over $10 for something so "meh" and runny!  Jack in the Box's Oreo Shake is so much better for much much less.  Also, Sugar Factory across the street has similar yet tastier frozen drinks.  Think I'll pass on Serendipity next time!
Over-rated! Ok, first of all, why should it be hard to get a table at 4pm when clearly empty tables abound? Points start to drop.... . We are told waiting time is 30 which becomes an hour, and thus we decide to try the long outdoor takeout line, which proved to be quicker. Now the problem with the takeout line, is your orders become limited and instead of wanting to try maybe 6 different things on the menu, we ended up getting 3 kinds of desserts. (Yes, Serendipity, think of all the extra orders you could have gotten by letting us chill on a proper table). . . So was the wait worth it? Well, if an establishment is going to make people wait long, they better make it worth it! I spent over $50 on 3 different desserts and I I wish I had gone to a Haagan Daz or even McDonalds instead! The only thing worth trying was the frozen hot chocolate. But then again, it's really not worth queueing for. Do yourself a favour and go to Jean-Philippe's in Bellagio/Aria. Everything there is perfect and worth every penny.
We were forewarned and made reservations ahead of time. So that wasnt the problem. . . I have been looking forward to Frozen Hot Chocolate ever since I was in NYC and couldnt get my foot in the door due to the 2004 eastern seaboard blackout (yes, I am that just lucky!).... . Well, when u cant get to NYC we come to vegas. And Serendipity was going to be had no matter what!!!!! . . The lines were huge, the crowd was annoyed, and it was HOT HOT HOT outside. We were seated immediately. By some lucky chance we got a buy $10 bucks worth of food and get one free coupon for the frozen treat and presented it to out server. He was not too pleased. I ordered a Caesar salad and got leaves (literally) drizzled with a some dressing. Oh, and a giant mushy crouton- $15 bucks later I was full off of my leaves, and it was time to get what we came for!!!! . . OHHHHHH the disappointment. Maybe b/c we arent in NYC, maybe b/c this place is just crazy packed, or maybe b/c our server hated us. But what we got tasted like Swiss Miss packet hot chocolate cooled down in the fridge and dolloped with less than yummy whipped cream (cool whip?). . . To say the least. Total debbie downer. Will I try it out while in NYC next time. I might. Because I know it has to be better than this. It just has to. My fat kid dreams cannot be crushed!
There really wasn't anything I found appetizing on the brunch menu :( I settled for the hangover omelet which was okay (not as good as it sounds on paper). Tried a bite of my friend's chorizo quiche which was better. Pretty overrated restaurant- never been here before so I wanted to try it, but I wouldn't come back.. . Slow service. We ordered a margherita pizza that took foreverrrrr to come out, but the manager did come by and said he would comp it so that was nice.. . I guess it's convenient if you're staying at Caesars. We had an hour wait and I appreciated the fact that they texted us to let us know when our table was ready. We were able to go back to the casino and gamble :)
After watching the movie and wanting to eagerly try the famous frozen hot chocolate, I was excited to check this place out while vacationing in Vegas.  One word just about sums it up - overrated!  Went here for breakfast and ordered the Frozen hot chocolate french toast, hangover omlet and the kids teddy bear pancakes, along with the frozen hot chocolate for two for dessert.  . . The omelet was super dry (had to lather on ketchup and tobasco), the kids pancakes looked like something I could whip up at home, the french toast was mediocre and the frozen hot chocolate was definetly only worth $5 instead of $15.  For that amount of money, I was expecting something that eluded excellence from the very first sip. . . The service was also tremendously slow and it wasn't even crowded.  We saw our food sitting under heat lamps just waiting to be brought to our table for a good 15 minutes or so.  I've had better breakfast at iHop and cheaper.  Most defintely not worth $65 for our meal.  . . Advice?  If you really want to try the frozen hot chocolate, order it from the take out window.  As for me, I'd rather spend $15 on a tall frothy better tasting beverage from Fat Tuesday!
Their frozen hot chocolate is, in my opinion, overrated. I came here with my family after dinner for their famous frozen hot chocolate but it was a bit disappointing and definitely overpriced. It pretty much tasted like a blended chocolate milk slushie. The wait was pretty long as well. At least I can say that I have finally tried their frozen hot chocolate but I would not get it again. A $10 drink that's barely enough for two? No thanks. Also, the staff was not that friendly as well.
1. "serendipity 3, can you hold?" sure, and then they hung up on me five minutes later.. . 2. "serendipity 3, can you hold?" sure, and then they hung up on me ten minutes later.. . 3. "serendipity 3, can you hold?" sure, and then they hung up on me five minutes later.. . 4. "serendipity 3, can you hold?" NO! i've been holding and hung up on for the last 20 minutes!!!  FINALLY, i got a reservation.. . seriously, why was that so hard?  i ended up having to cancel that reservation because my daughter fell asleep.  we decided to just walk in on a thurs afternoon after we checked out of our hotel and got seated within 15 minutes.  the menu is whimsical and has a little bit of everything, reminiscent of a cheesecake factory.. . the main reason we came is because i have wanted a frrrrozen hot chocolate ever since i saw kate beckinsdale & molly shannon leave one on the table in that scene in the movie of the same name.  while it didn't disappoint, i don't think i would go out of my way for one again.. . fun place to hang out and dine w/ kids, if you can handle the wait and slow service.
Good for a dessert place, bad for food.  . . Came here on a Sunday for brunch super hungry.  We waited 30 minutes to be seated and ended up sitting outside on the patio in 106 degree heat.  While they have fans with water misters, they don't reach certain tables.  I had to ask the hostess to move to a better table where we would get at least some mist.  The outside patio is covered by a pink tarp which gave everything a bright pink glare.  Bring sunglasses!. . We were starving by the time we were seated.  We waited 5 minutes for a server to take our drink order.  By this time we already knew what we wanted to order so we placed our order.  I got an LEO omelet and the main squeeze ordered a  burger.   It took 10 minutes for us to get our water and another 10 minutes to get our food.   My omelet was all egg and hardly any onions and salmon.  It tasted dry and salty.  The burger was okay.  It seemed like forever until we found the waitress to ask for our check.  We ordered a cookies and cream milkshake to go. That came back 5 minutes later along with our check.  . . My experience here was pretty bad.  I feel like it was a waste of time and energy sitting around waiting, waiting, and waiting for food that wasn't even good.  The best part of the whole experience was the milkshake--it was delicious.
We came to Serendipity to get some hangover relief and one final epic meal before leaving Vegas. To this day, I'm still a bit puzzled why this place is so raved about.... . On a typical summer Sunday, your wait will be pretty long for a large group. The restaurant itself is fairly small in Vegas standards, so be prepared. We were seated on the outside patio, because that's the only place that could accommodate a group of 12. Even though it was in the shade, it was HOT. Blazing Vegas hot. For some odd reason, the mist fans don't come on until noon, so we were left there sitting for an hour without any relief but our water. It's really not that hard to turn off the timers, guys.... . The meal itself was nothing special. I ordered the Fried Chicken & Waffles, which came with 2 drumsticks, 2 thighs, one bacon waffle, potatoes, honey mustard and ketchup. The chicken was heavily breaded and was pretty dried out and flavorless. The only thing that added taste to it was the honey mustard. The bacon waffles were alright initially, but they get pretty unbearable after 1/4 of a waffle. The entire dish is just bland and flavorless. I understand they're trying to be unique here with the bacon waffles, but it's definitely not worth $22. . . For the finale, all of us got the famed highly spoken of frozen hot chocolate. This was the biggest disappointment of the day. For $11, you're basically paying for a huge watered down chocolate milk with some whipped cream on top. That's exactly how it tastes. I experienced no wow factor and I seriously don't see what all the hype is about. It cools you down, but other than that, it's not that great.
I was a person that used to go to Serendipity since it opened in 09 and to be honest it  has been going downhill.  There were many problems I had with my last experience there a while back.. 1.  Prices are ridiculously expensive for majority of the food and drinks I remember when the Deep Fried Oreos used to be 14 dollars and now it's 18 IF you are a total rewards member. 2.  The ice cream I received for the Black and White Sundae was old.  The waiter tried telling me that they get "Fresh" ice cream every day, but I'm a local who used to be a regular and I KNOW for a FACT how the ice cream is supposed to be like.  I'm pretty sure most of you know that when you put your spoon through ice cream it should be smooth and creamy, there SHOULD NOT BE ANY ice crystals inside of the ice cream making it a bit hard and chunky.  I mean its sad that the Ice cream at McDonald's is a lot more fresh than this place gave me for their Black N White Sundae.  Not only that but the Strawberry was pretty lazy to me if they raised the prices.  The reason why it's called a black and white sundae isn't because chocolate and vanilla ice cream, they used to have the strawberries in tuxedos now it's just half dipped in chocolate and white chocolate. I was dissatisfied with this and this was the first time I ever had to RETURN AN ORDER OF ICE CREAM. 3.  The LV Burger was OK wasn't really worth the price to me at all.  If the price was lowered a bit it would have been a lot better.. 4.  The people gave us the grasshopper in exchange for the horrible Black N White Sundae and it wasn't that great it was mediocre at best.  It was OK, but not anything too phenomenal at all.. . I would recommend just going here once now just to say you've been here or get like a Frozen Hot Chocolate to go, but other than that you can find something better
The hostesses were less than friendly, close to being rude.  . We waited over 75 minutes for a table, but there were 13 people so we expected to wait.  Honestly it wasn't worth it though.  The food was overpriced although the steak sandwich $33 was pretty tasty.  The Frozen hot chocolate was like drinking chocolate milk with lots of whipped cream for $12!
I came here recently on a HOT Tuesday night.  It was 99 degrees outside.  My friends and I were visiting from out of town, and after dinner, we decided to go to Serendipity 3.  We were curious about the hype.  We walked over to Ceaser's, and saw the line for ordering outside.  It was LONG.  We also placed our name for a seat inside...we were informed that it would be about a thirty minute wait.  We decided to sit instead.  and we got seated outside.  We decided to share a Double Frozzzen Hot Chocolate for 2 ($15! and there were 3 of us).  The double frozen hot chocolate comes with a scoop of chocolate ice cream and hot chocolate.  When we got it - we were disappointed with the size.  It seemed pretty small for $15.  It tasted like...chocolate milk, with chunks of ice.  We drank it quickly, since we were seated outside and it was hot.  HOWEVER, the next day, we went to a buffet and hat the frozen chocolate hot custard.  IT TASTED EXACTLY THE SAME.  Save your money - it's not really worth the hype...or money.
I can't believe I paid $11 for a regular sized cup of the frozen hot chocolate and it doesn't even contain any alcohol D=  The wait is always long here and honestly, it's overhyped.  I'd rather go to the Sugar Factory.  At least there's a cool area to browse while waiting to be called.
We made the biggest mistake by trying to enjoy Serendipity's decadent dessert offerings from the outside - not inside the restaurant because based on the pictures, I wish we went inside!!!. . The menu here at Serendipity 3 is different than the Serendipity located in the Upper East Side in NYC.  I was quite disappointed w/ the dessert selections here.  I ordered the Deep Fried Oreo's Ice Cream; it was served in a Hawaiian shaved ice cup, for $10 I would expect the quantity of the goods to be more, and the batter that was used on the Oreo's was disappointing.. the cornflakes so did NOT work for me.. . I now wonder if the menu inside is different than the one outside.. . Blah.
Was not impressed at all. If you love hokey unimpressive food and giant chocolate shakes in a loud environment then by all means Seredipity is your kind of restaurant but not for me.. . The food was sub-par. I order a basic bagel and lox and they made it club sandwich style. Is that really necessary? The potatoes served with it were fine but rather greasy and not exciting. The frozen hot chocolate was very good as was the pina colada drink I ordered but overall I wouldn't mind if I never came back. The service was disorganized, the place was ridiculously loud and thank goodness we had reservations or I would have gone bananas.
It's sad to give the Vegas branch of Serendipity such a low rating because I love the one in New York. The Frozen Hot Chocolate ($11) is delicious as always, but the atmosphere is sorely lacking and the rest of the food feels, well, generic. The Caesar salad was drenched in dressing and about the farthest thing from healthy I could imagine. The burgers the people next to me were having looked good but fairly small given the hefty price tags. . . In general the worst was the weird antiseptic smell the whole place had. Didn't make me want to eat at all!. . I'd go back here if I sat outside and only got dessert. Would definitely not sit inside, and would save my money for better food elsewhere.
I live here in Las Vegas and wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate. All though it was delicious, it was melting by the time the waiter got it to the table. It had it have been sitting for a while before they got it to us. I wont go back a second time for $11. The Sugar Factory's was cheaper and bigger!!
As far as dinners go, the food here is not really that delicious. We ordered the burgers and it was pretty dry. The spaghetti was really plain. The pizza was good, but not worth the money for five slices. The Alfredo was extremely saucy. Should've just stuck with the desserts. Disappointed, but not really since we had complimentary meals.
It's sad to give the Vegas branch of Serendipity such a low rating because I love the one in New York. The Frozen Hot Chocolate ($11) is delicious as always, but the atmosphere is sorely lacking and the rest of the food feels, well, generic. The Caesar salad was drenched in dressing and about the farthest thing from healthy I could imagine. The burgers the people next to me were having looked good but fairly small given the hefty price tags. . . In general the worst was the weird antiseptic smell the whole place had. Didn't make me want to eat at all!. . I'd go back here if I sat outside and only got dessert. Would definitely not sit inside, and would save my money for better food elsewhere.
I have gone here a total of four times over the course of a year. . . I would say that's four times too many. . . The customer service here is garbage. I can guarantee that you will experience any of the following: . . 1) Your server will forget about you. . 2)You will be forced to harass a bus boy to order your food or get the check. . 3) The servers/ bartenders working there telling you things about their menu that are NOT great . . Their entrees are generic main stream dishes that are comparable to an ordinary TV dinners, but for quadruple the price. Same goes for the appetizers.. . If you wanted to go here because you think it's a cute place to visit, do NOT sit inside. I get that it's Vegas, and they want you in a partying, happy mood, but does it need to be at the noise level they blare the music at? Sure, the inside is still cute and quaint, but outside is just as nice.. . On the flip side, their desserts are pretty good. You can't go wrong with the sundaes and shakes, and the portions are very pleasing. I love the frozen hot chocolate, although the bartender blatantly told me he thinks it's a waste of money and nothing special D: . . If you ABSOLUTELY MUST eat here, just do NOT order any of the entrees. Just order their desserts. Just come here after dinner and you and sit outside so you can still keep your hearing. They have fans outside so it's not so bad when it's hot.
This place is the pits!! They don' take reservations and parking here sucks.  We went for the Las Vegas Dining Out week that is supposed to benefit local charities. We got there at 11:20 am on a Friday and were told there was a 20 minute wait for lunch. FML!  OK give my cell phone number to the hostess who puts it into her snazzy iPad then we go sit.  . . We wait, we wait, we wait some more. Finally I get a text message our table is ready. While this feature is really cool here's where it goes all wrong.  Only one hostess behind the stand [not good]. She's on the phone....there's a long line of people waiting to give their information to her...we walk to the front of the line to claim our much anticipated table.  Guy in line starts yelling out us for cutting the line!!!  So it sure does appear we were doing that, how would he know that the table is on my phone and it's indeed our turn to sit, not a good way to start the meal after long wait time already.. . We sit down. We ask for the Las Vegas Dining Menu.  Which is difft from what's on the site, but OK no biggie.  It also wasn't offered to us???  boooooo   PS- We are spending a fixed cost of $30.12 for lunch that's how this deal works so we aren't expecting to have a 'cheap meal' here.  . . They mess this all up from there on out.  Meals came out before apps, apps came out 1.5 mins before meals, there wasn't enough room on the table, the place is cramped so people keep knocking into our chairs, purses are falling on floor, waitress is blaming kitchen b/c this promo just started [which she thinks we are dumb b/c it hadn't just started], too much food on the table, blah blah blah. This list goes on and on and on.. . Appies were fine, nothing exciting.  Tomato & Mozz salad had the blandest dang dressing I've ever tasted and HELLO this type of salad needs kick b/c it's very bland to begin with.  Chicken Sandwich was soggie and the bread was ALL wrong. I dissected it like my science project frog and ate parts of it somehow.  Chicken Salad Sandwich got the 'wouldn't order it again' from my boss.  . . The best part of the meal was ---Ding Ding--Dessert!  it was by and LARGE the best part of our experience. SO, if you eat here [I have pix that I posted] only get dessert.   But if you don't have to eat here HEAD OVER TO SUGAR FACTORY, you'll be happier :)
We are here for Restaurant Week. For the price of $20+, I got a smoothie, breakfast entree, and mini dessert. For the price, food wasn't bad and appropriately portioned. Service was very slow because they were under-staffed. Overall, experience was okay, but happy to give a little to charity!
Got seated at 2:47pm. Got food at 3:37pm. Yes, folks, you read that right. A 50 minute wait. In that 50 minutes we saw our waitress 3 times. Never was she apologetic for the long ass wait.  Not only was she MIA, she was rude slamming our frozen hot chocolate and to-go box on the table. We spoke to the manager who was nice enough to give us a 25% discount. Maybe she was having a bad day, but deal it with lady, you're in the service industry!! Bad day or not, put a freakin smile on your face and do your freakin job. R-U-D-E! My advice to readers- order the frozen hot chocolate to go and avoid dining in.
I went to Serendipity 3 but used the to-go cafe instead ,to order the frozen hot chocolate. It didn't look anything like the picture. The guy behind the counter said there're more chocolate in them vs the restaurant. But still disappointed , I wouldn't spend 11 dollars for that again.
On my very first trip to Vegas, I concocted a list of all the touristy things I wanted to do, and of course I had to have a Frozen Hot Chocolate at Serendipity. The Oreo Frozen Hot Chocolate sounded so amazing, but boy, was I disappointed... It tasted like a cup of syrup--so sweet to the point that I threw it away without even making a dent in it. What a waste of $12 and half an hour of my life just waiting in line with no escape from the heat. I guess now I know better...
We went here for brunch food and not the desserts for which they are known. We ordered from the take out window - which was extremely slow though we assumed it would be the faster bet as there was a 35 minute wait for a table in the restaurant. We got various burgers and breakfast sandwiches. Those of us who got burgers were VERY disappointed. The breakfast sandwiches came on croissants which were good. When all is said and done, this place is known for desserts and should probably be the thing you order there.  Go somewhere else for non-desserts.
We went on friends' recommendations and, of course, for the Frozen Hot Chocolate. After all the hype from the movie of the same name, we found Serendipity 3 to be less than impressive.. We had a waiter who dogged us to order for twenty minutes, while we read the extensive menu and tried to figure out what to have for dinner. They weren't busy. We finally settled on crabcakes, which were good but not fabulous. Then, we had a Frozen Hot Chocolate. Delicious, but somehow I expected more. Reported to have 20 different chocolates in it, were hard to determine.. . The most off-putting part of the restaurant is that the music is SO loud, you can't carry on a conversation. Maybe that's why we didn't have a GREAT time there. That and the dogging waiter.. . Will we go there again? Probably not. With the many choices for eats, we'd rather have something truly amazing than something over-hyped.
We made reservations and requested an outside table. Was told at that time the patio was closed for a private function.. We arrived and the two Hostesses had the warmth of an unplugged toaster. Not a good impression since they set the tone. When theydid finally call us she asked whether we wanted inside or out. I told her what I was told and she said she would check. She waived us over and put us inside near the patio door. There was a group behind us with no reservation and she sat them outside. As we sat there were 4 outside patio tables open during our hole service.. Our waiter was attentive to a point but they serving staff needs to learn about "reach" and not putting your arm across a table in a customers face, not once but twice.. The meal was good but no attention the whole meal and drink refills needed to be requested.. The location does well just because of location and tourists will hit it once ad leave with the bad experience. As locals we remember and will pass that on. Maybe if the Manager or Floor Supervisor would have stopped by like good Customer oriented Resteraunt's do it might have been a different experience?
We arrived and they told our party of 8 that it's going to be an hour wait. Of course. It's Friday night. What's really cool is that the hostess ask for one of our cell phone number and she texted us a msg to tell us to keep an eye out when she text us to tell us the seats are ready. More places need to implement this function! Instead of waiting an hour in front of the restaurants like dummies, we were able to walk around and sit down comfortably to chat in another area. . . I got the Frrrozen Hot Choco. Why is it over $10? It's not really that different than any other blended mocha that I had... in fact, I think Coffee Bean's is actually richer... The only thing that got the Frrozen Hot Choco going was the delicious whipped cream... that I told myself I would not finish... but ended up finishing anyways.. . It makes a lot more sense to just go to the to-go window and grab it to go. But honestly, why even bother? It's just a really fancy place for a date with overpriced food that is not justifiable.
I'll make this short and simple....terrible service  and food NOT worth the price. There are much better options for lunch/brunch. Their frozen hot chocolate is tasty, however.
Too expensive and food is not that great. We went hear because my sister remembered it being very tasty, but after our dinner we were all wondering why this is so expensive.  Might as well go to Carls Jr and get a burger there. The only positive was the fun environment.
It's alright. The frozen chocolate is not worth $11. Tastes like chocolate milk and they put whip cream on it. Service is slow as hell. 2 stars.
Environment: I felt like I was dining in a cafeteria. It was just one big open room. There was nothing interesting about the decor. Serendipity is supposed to have the reputation of having a cozy and pleasant environment, but this location failed that expectation.. . Service: The server was friendly which was good except he disappeared after taking my order. Fortunately, the hostess was awesome enough to help me throughout the rest of my meal. The food was taking a bit longer than expected so she was the one that checked on the progress of the food, packed up my doggy bag after I was done, and closed out my check. She is probably the only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars.. . Food: I ordered a steak sandwich. The steak was waaayyyy too tough to even bite through. Took me MINUTES to get chew one bite of it. I know this place is supposed to be known for their dessert but after already being disappointed, I threw in my towel. . . I'd recommend coming here if you're in the mood for an overpriced fancy dessert.
This place is both fancier and simpler than it seems. Fancier because it serves complicated drinks at sky-high prices, and the food is mighty expensive, too.  Simpler,because it looks like a cafeteria, the chairs are uncomfortable, the tables are tiny, the food is pedestrian, and deserts are simple but big.  Everything on the menu was huge, and smothered in cheese, or mayo, or chocolate, or whipped cream.  Or a combination of the above.  . . Yet, underneath the breading and a heavy helping of mayo-based sauce, the crab cakes I got there were the best crab cakes found on the strip (for under a $100/meal, anyway).  And the silly-looking cotton candy martini turned out to taste pretty good and not overly sweet.
The first time I went to a restaurant without checking in with my fellow yelpers. Of course the food was bad 1 star. The staff were great 5 stars. The wait to be seated the wait for the food to come out 2 stars..  Definitely not the place I would go back.
Serendipity is a tourist trap with long lines and an overrated novelty concept that overshadows the fact that this place is just a diner with a made-up tale. It's whimsical, it's fun, it's young and hip: everything people desire in order to feel like they're a kid again. . . My friends and I tried their frozen hot chocolate. Though they were ecstatic to be out of the sun and to drink something cold that isn't soda, water, or frozen daiquiris, I wasn't impress at all. The drink was presented in a glass crystal-like cup topped off with a huge dollop of whipped cream. The frozen hot chocolate was basically ice blended together with hot coco mix, milk, sugar, and shaved chocolate; nothing special at all. . . It's a small place, yet people go crazy over a poorly executed concept, which is a lost to me. Another commercially gimmick for wandering tourists who want relief from the Las Vegas heat, I won't be returning any time soon.
I've came here twice thinking maybe my first time was a fluke but I was wrong.  The wait both times was always 30-40 minutes which I could understand considering its right smack in the middle of the LV strip.  The thing I liked though was you could give them your cell number and they text you a link to tell you how many parties and how long of a wait you still had so you could wander to a near by bar or the casino to play some slots until you are texted your table is ready.  . . Ok on to the food.  I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs thinking that it's pretty complicated to mess something as simple but I was wrong.  The sauce was bland and the meatballs had no flavor at all either.  Not to mention they don't even serve it with a piece of garlic bread.  Instead a cold piece of regular white bread that was probably sitting out for a while.  The noodles were some kind of fat version of spaghetti noodle which was kind of odd.  . . My date had their cheeseburger which I don't know how they could mess up but they still managed to.  She ordered it medium but it came out more like well done and left there for a couple minutes extra.  The outside was burnt and crispy and the juiciness of the burger was lacking.  At least the French Fries were good though.. . On to the dessert.  We ordered the deep fried Oreos with cookies and cream ice cream.  It looked a lot better than it tasted.  When I think deep fried Oreos I think of cake batter on the outsides but they used corn flakes which made it taste awful.  The corn flakes are way too crunchy.  ended up just tossing the rest of the Oreos and just eating the ice cream which was ok.  Definitely not worth the $17 at all.. . If you ever come here I recommend eating prior and just coming for the dessert.
Overhyped. Frozen hot chocolate was a big let down. Not that it was bad, it just wasnt amazing as people make it seem to be. Food was ehh...had a las vegas dog. If i had a costco dog and put nacho cheese and jalapenos from am/pm...that would be ur las vegas dog. The mac n cheese lacked flavor.  I was real curious about the frozen hot chocolate, which is comparable to sugary chocolate milk blended in ice.  I probably wouldnt go back anymore. Too expensive for the quality of food you get.
I thought the food would be good here as the frozen hot chocolate is delicious, but I was wrong. My burger was overcooked and was slightly burnt! The sweet potato fries were average. My friend's pizza was the most expensive cardboard she's ever had and the pancakes were undercooked. It also appeared that our server did not know what she was doing. The only good thing was the fried chicken strips. I will only come back for the frozen hot chocolate. Don't waste your money here for food and only come for dessert!!!
The best way I can describe this place is by saying that while it was tasty enough, it was overpriced and overrated.. . We were seated right away (it was a Wednesday afternoon), which was a plus. We were seated by a heat lamp, which was also a plus because it wasn't exactly super warm outside. There were, however, these crazy birds swooping around the tables. There's gotta be something unsanitary about that, right? Some sort of health code violation? Not sure how to prevent that, maybe just better cleanup of the food that dumb children (or dumb adults, let's be honest) might have thrown on the ground for them.. . As for the food, it is hard to find anything on the menu under 12 bucks. Even appetizers. I opted for the 16 dollar burger which was cooked exactly the way I wanted it, medium rare (plus!). While both burger and fries were good, they were not worth 16 bucks and were certainly not anything I would rave about. Dessert = also expensive. My boyfriend and I split a simple sundae with butterscotch and hot fudge. Tasty...but not 13-14 dollar tasty.. . I don't feel the need to ever come back here, honestly. Glad I experienced it once, but no need to ever have a round 2. I'm respectfully bowing out now.
Went here while on my bachelorette trip. We went fairly early for dinner and had a group of 5. We still had to wait 45 mins or so and once we were seated - we saw only about half of the tables were full - hire more servers! Anyway the food was okay - had the Mac & Cheese which I have to admit was pretty good. We decided to share a frozen hot chocolate - I don't get what all the fuss is about? It doesn't taste like anything special. The best part was that the busser spilled it on my purse when taking it from the table and didn't bother to let me know. I discovered it later when wondering what a sticky dark substance was on my purse. . . I also get that splitting bills gets annoying because it requires so much more pushing buttons, but splitting on 2 cards shouldn't be that hard. We told the waitress what to put on each one and she repeated it back to us - and we said yes. She came back and had put the entire bill on 1 card, what? I asked her to correct it and boy was she pissed. . . Overall, the food is okay, not great, but horrible service. Would not go here again.
Order a dessert here and call it a day. . . The entrees and appetizers tasted mediocre which was voted unanimously by my group of 20. . . Cardinalrestaurant sin occured when one person did not get her meal for over 30 minutes after everyone else so we saw her just starting to eat after we all finished. Plus star for comping her meal but not enough of a gesture to salvage the offense.
over priced and over rated.
Everyone is absolutely correct about the hostess staff here being snotty.  The bouffant blonde, cat eye makeup, Flo from Alice girl was the worst!  I watched her the entire time, not one smile... ever!  It is hard for me to wrap my head around that a touristy place like this would hire people to greet customers and have a shitty attitude about it. Smile girls!!  That's what you're there for.. . Also, the food wasn't good.  I ordered an $18.00 chicken salad and the chicken was rubbery.  I tasted the frozen hot chocolate and it was good.  But i agree with most on here that its best just to get it from the "to go" window and be on your way.. . Oh also... after you put your name in and they text you when you're table is ready, you have 3 minutes to go up and claim your table.  So don't use the restroom or go outside or not be staring at  your phone the entire time... because if you miss the 3 minute time slot... you are out!
Came here once a few years ago, but of what I can see from other reviews, I'm not the only one who recieved bad service.. . Came here with a party of about 7 or 8 on a Sunday morning.  We were told to wait, i forgot exactly how long, but we waited longer I remember.  When we were seated our drink orders were promptly taken.  And that was the only prompt thing about that experience.  About 20-30 minutes later our frozen hot chocolates arrive.  Still waiting for our drinks though.  The frozen hot chocolates were good, but not the best thing I've ever had.  . . About an hour later we're still waiting for our food.  I had to flag down our waitress and ask her what's up.  She said it was taking long because we ordered our burgers well done! Yea, cuz that takes an extra 45 minutes on the grill!  When the food finally comes out I remember some of the food being good, but some of it being gross and cold.  I ordered a chili dog.  Avoid that at all costs.  My bro ordered a pizza, it was gross and soggy.  The burgers and sandwiches were all good though.  All of our food came out at diffeent times, we were still waiting on drinks, and some of the food was cold!!. . I was so upset by the service that I went to complain to the manager.  She seemed understanding and said she would "take care of it."  Honestly, I thought she was gonna knock off 20% or something.  Then our server, mad, comes by our table and throws our check on the table.  Nothing was changed on the bill.  I told her that the mamager said she was going modify our check, and she rudely told us no.  So, this time, furious, I go directly again to the mamanger and tell her what just happened.  I think she felt bad becuase I had previously complained and she said the entire bill was on the house. Wow, I really wasn't expecting that, especially for a bill of about 7-8 people.  So an extra star for the manager being understanding and the forzen hot chcoclate.  Other than that, I dont think I'll return.
The dessert is not as good as i through...it just got the wow factor when they first came, however it is too sweet to finish the whole ice cream even thou that's the only thing we order...... But the pizza from another table look nice, maybe I'll have that next time!
Overpriced.  The food is decent, but when you consider that you're paying $20 (or more) for every mediocre entree, it makes the food that much less enjoyable.
So disappointed.  After hearing great things about this place, it was really disappointing when we tried the frozen hot chocolate that tasted like frozen chocolate milk mix.  It's really overpriced for what it is.  I wouldn't even want to order it if it was cheap.  Not really tasty.  With so many other tasty places in Vegas, I would not want to come back here again.
Overrated. Food was mediocre, wait was long and even the famed frozen hot chocolate wasn't all that great and definitely not worth the price.
I took my girlfriend and her daughter here on our recent Las Vegas trip. I had thought about coming here many times before, but the crowds always made me decide against it. This time the wait was "only" 20 minutes, so we decided just to walk around Caesar's for a while and give it a try.. . Our food was unremarkable at best. My Chorizo Quiche was cold with one big clump of under seasoned sausage in the middle. My Girlfriend ordered the Huevos Rancheros.  The best she could say about them was that they were ok...not a ringing endorsement!  I can't even remember what her daughter ordered, but I do remember her liking it, but not being overly impressed by it.. . I did get the Frozen Hot Chocolate, which was the highlight of the meal. Rich and Creamy with intense Chocolate flavor. If I ever come back, I think I'll just get dessert and skip the food. They are Wheelchair Accessible and our server was very nice.
I wasexcited to try serendipity since I used to love going to the location in New York. However, the experience in Las Vegas discourages me from going there again. Their customer service was terrible! I asked the serving lady if I could get their signature serendipity spoon and she gave me the i'm-so-disgusted-that-you-actually-asked-for-it look. She could have simply declined my request (although I don't see why since I ordered a frozen hot chocolate). Additionally the frozen hot chocolate in Las Vegas tasted overrated for some reason. I remember it being hot and cold at the same time when I tried it in New York. Overall I would highly NOT recommend this place.
Slow service, good (better than fast food) food. . . If you are not in a rush to do anything, it's worth a stop but I still prefer Sugar Factory which offers the same type of food and fun(er) atmosphere.
Not like the one in NY.. . Although a good desert spot, it only shares the name menu with its counterpart from the Upper west side.  The service was good, but the food was missing something.  I don't think the two places should share the same name.  they don't even look alike for heave's sake.
Circa 2002, I was pretty obsessed with Serendipity -- ya know, the romantic comedy with John Cusak and Kate Beckinsale.  There was that one scene where they were sharing that amazing looking frozen hot chocolate.  Because of that, I always vowed that I would make it to Serendipity in NYC and try the hot chocolate myself.  . . However, as many times as I visited NYC, i NEVER made it to Serendipity.  So, on this last trip to Vegas, my girlfriends and I made it a point to put it on our to-do list to make it there.. . We fulfilled this goal right away as we made Serendipity our first food stop in Vegas.  The inside is cute and old-school ice cream fountain like, but we sat outside on their large patio.  Serendipity has a great location (in front of Cessar's on the Strip), but that's about all it has going for it.  Granted, it's the Strip, but their food is ridiculously overpriced (entrees AND ice cream).  I get that the ice cream portions are huge, but $15 for dessert?!  C'mon now people.  The experience was pretty underwhelming, to be honest.. . My tip?  Check your hotel for coupons!  We, sadly, saw coupons for a free frozen hot chocolate in one of the coupon booklets once we got back to the hotel.  Save yourself $10!
I made a reservation a day in advance for brunch, this place was hard to find from the self park and i feel like i walked forever until we found it, upon arriving the hostess was not welcoming i told her i had a reservation (i will admit i was 15min late) and she checked her ipad and just blankly told me "no i don't see your reservation". Another gentleman asked her what the wait was, she ignored him and told me again "no you have no reservation here". I showed her my open table email and she looked at me like "whatever". She was rude and had no customer service at all. We were seated and our waitress was nice, but the hostess ruined for me. Being a hostess myself i cant believe people like that are employed. Food was good but a little overpriced for just breakfast. There are better places on the strip skip this place.
Overpriced mediocre food. $18 Spaghetti was GOD awful. $13 or $15 Sliders (4) sans fries had diameter of 1.5 inch. Frozen hot coco was underwhelming at best. Vegas has more to offer than Serendipity.
Two stars because the S'mores hot chocolate was wonderful! The food was just ok! Not really impressed. Will come back for a yummy hot chocolate. But will be eating food somewhere else.
Average. Their selling point is their "Frozen Hot Chocolate", which looked way too big and a waste of calories drinking down what essentially seems like a chocolate milkshake to me.  So while it looked appealing, it was 8:30 pm at night and my friends & I were just looking for dinner at that point.  . . There was absolutely no space that night (Sunday night) and so they suggested we ordered in their outside stand.  We therefore proceeded to do that and by the time we got there, they sold NOTHING.  There were no hotdogs, no sandwiches, no salads, no anything.  Anything we asked for on the menu, they said, "we don't have it".  Finally, frustrated, we ordered a bbq chicken pizza and some nachos.  Everything was just average.  The pizza actually had way too much bbq sauce it was a bit overbearing and the crust was way too doughy.  The nachos were just drizzled in cheese whiz and something I could have totally made myself.  . . I'm now looking at their real restaurant menu and it appears as though they may have more variety inside the shop.  Maybe I'd give it another try the next time I go to Vegas, but likely not as there are lots of other good things to eat in Vegas.  . . The restaurant itself looked pretty cute...lots of Hello Kitty.
This place is ok.  Most of their items come in HUGE portions, so I guess it kind of makes up for the price. . . The wait for seating in the restaurant is pretty bad, but the nice thing is that you can put your name down and they text you when your table is ready.  This enables you to go walk around inside Cesar's palace and explore and play while waiting.  This also enabled me to grab a few drinks at their "to-go" counter at the front.  They ran out of whatever they use to make smoothies--and whenever someplace can't get a handle on their inventory I dock stars.  I got the hot chocolate and it was pretty good and filled me up enough to last until we were called for brunch.. . Service is SO slow here, which is definitely a downer when you've been waiting so long for your table in the first place.  I could have sworn there was only one server in charge of the whole patio area on Sunday brunch.. . I got the Corned Beef Hash and Eggs and my boyfriend got the Crab Cake Benedict.  I really liked the corned beef hash, because you could tell they had cured and prepared the meat themselves so it was definitely fresh. The Crab Cake Benedict was also very good, but was a smaller portion compared to everything else and much higher priced--but I guess that should be expected for seafood during brunch.. . I do want to try their $90+ treasure chest dessert someday though.. . Overall, the food is good but not mindblowing, and the portions are huge. But with all the amazing restaurants in Vegas, you can get a better deal for your money elsewhere.
Overhyped and Overpriced. I don't usually complain about places but we waited 60 mins for a table because my wife wanted to have her Frozen Hot Chocolate fix. We have been to the one in NYC and it was very good.. . This place tries to take advantage of the hype built up around the original restaurant. The food is not anything special. The portions are huge but you pay for it.  The service is subpar, slow and not very friendly staff.. . We will not be back, we will save our Serendipity cravings for when we are back in NYC sometime in the future.
I came here to eat great chocolate and was sorely disappointed. I had lunch a mediocre sandwich, my friend had chili that was called "big chili" but was in a shallow bowl and was more soupy than chili like. I got the "famous" frozen hot chocolate. If you want to reproduce the flavor get some Nestle Quick, add a spoon of sugar and freeze it.. . If you like chocolate I suggest going to Max Brenner just a bit down the way. As another Yelper said this play is "Over Priced and Over Hyped"
Wow... it's been ages since I've been here... literally.. . The girlfriends and I went here for a late lunch... we were a party of 12 so it took awhile for us to get seated... even if their were tables open. Actually, it was a cluster F inside... tables waiting to be cleaned and there were shortage of servers... . . 15 minutes later... we were finally seated and then that took another 15 mins to get our orders and even then, our server was rushing us. We felt so bad for her that one of the girls from the group wanted to volunteer to help her out! It was that bad! . . Since I was still in the no meat diet... I ended up getting the "White House Pizza:. Sauceless white pie with ricotta, mozzarella, & parmesana, topped with fresh basil & truffle oil" = it was okay... not mind blowing but just okay. I just needed something to get in my stomach so that I could last through the day and the drinking! Was it tasty... it was bland and it wasn't crispy as I imagined it to be... again... just okay.. . Desperation and hunger... never again!
Mediocre food for the time I waited. I saw 5 tables who sat down after us get their food before us. It took them over 40 minutes to bring us our food. Food wasn't even made to how I ordered it. We spent almost 2 and a half hours there. They should have just comped our meal. They even got our check wrong which we caughht before paying.  On the plus side, the fries were crispy.
Who has not seen celebritys sipping the famed frozen hot chocolate in their New York location and wanted to endulge in this?. Well, I did and in New York walked out after being told it would be a 5-6 hour!!!!! wait.. So on to this one.. When  they first opened it was the same situation here and we bagged it.. Last weekend it was fairly empty but after seeing that they have two walk up counters where you get the FHC (frozen hot chocolate) for MORE than in NY without the luxury of being in their nice restaurant and that in a plastic to go cup!. $12 for cocoa powder (yup thats what they use, I saw it!) No thanks.. The restaurant itself is nothing like in New York, reminds me of some kind of kiddy cafe.. Save your money and go to Max Brenner where you get real quality for cheaper.
I was really excited to go to Serendipity, but was very disappointed with the results. I wanted a frozen hot chocolate and was lucky to get there when the lines weren't too long. I didn't go to the window outside. I was able to go up to the bartender inside and ordered my beverage. It cost about $12 and, to be completely honest, it was almost exactly the same as the chocolate chip frappe at McDonald's. Food looked good, but I didn't partake.
I will keep this short & sweet. I have been here twice and here's what I think:. - Green tea hot chocolate tastes like matcha powder with icy water. - Carrot cake in carrot cake sundae is delicious. Overall, carrot cake sundae is probably the best thing I've had here, but it is not for the faint of heart. Dessert fiends and sweet tooths like myself will appreciate this dessert. The cake was tasty and moist. Together, 4 people shared it.. - Salmon benedict is way too salty. - Frozen hot chocolate is exactly what it sounds like... Frosty icy hot chocolate. . Out of all the things I've had, carrot cake sundae is the one to get. Also, the service here is MEH for vegas. A waiter hit me in the head and didn't even turn around to apologize! Also, we told our waiter we didn't like the green tea hot chocolate and he didn't do anything about it!
The food here is mediocre. I can probably make the same thing I've had here at home. It's also way over priced. Don't waste your money on an easy Mac Alfredo pasta or a Las Vegas steak strip hard rock bread sandwich!
Overrated! We heard so much about the frozen hot chocolate ($10) - it sounded so interesting but at the end of the day it's nothing special - save your money and run to a Coffee Bean or Starbucks and order a frozen drink - they're much better and cheaper!. On the other hand, we ordered the red velvet sundae - that was excellent and much better than the hot chocolate. Still, $12 for a sundae. Save the calories and time for something else but if you MUST go because someone in your party insists, get the sundae. (20-30 min for to go window with a line of only 10 people). You've been warned!
Super long wait and overrated if  you ask me.  Had to wait in line for about 45 minutes and there were probably only about 10-15 people ahead of me.  I might think differently if I was there during the heat of summer, but I'd rather have Baskin Robbins.
I've alway wanted to try this since my friend told me about it ever since it opened. She recommend me the hot frozen sundae. She said its supposed to be hot but it's cold because of the ice cream and the hot chocolate. She couldn't really describe it to me until I try it. . . So now I took my friend here since it was her birthday. Our service was nice but I could have better service at Ihop. We ordered just the appetizers and the hot frozen sundae. Few minutes later he gave us our desserts before our food came. We ask him we wanted the desserts last after our meal. So he took it back. The place wasn't busy as I thought it would be. When our meal came. The nachos and the onion ring was good. As I said I could have better. When we were done with the meal, our desserts came and when we tried it. It wasn't hot as they describe it to be. It was very disappointment. After it was recommend. I won't wanna go back here again.
Overrated. Go ahead and try the frozen hot chocolate, just to say you've tried it. Other than that...no big woop.
Yes Serendipity 3 your Frozen Hot Chocolate is good, but it costs about $13!. . I came here after hearing how good their frozen hot chocolate was and had to experience it for myself.  I waited in a long line outside of the carry-out window and finally had my drink after almost 30 minutes.. . I gotta admit it was pretty good, but it is not worth the hassle of waiting in line and paying THAT MUCH for a drink.  In fact I remember freezing chocolate milk one time and using an ice shaver and it was about the same taste.... . I realize this place is for tourists so I know to save my $$ for something else.
Overrated clap clap clap-clap-clap.  Only went here because someone in my group wanted to go and it did not turn out well for me.  . . Started off with the frozen hot chocolate, which was good, but definitely not 11 dollars good.  The nachos were pretty good but pretty standard.  Then I got the ribs which were the worst fall off the bone ribs I've ever had.  Had some of my friend's burger, which wasgood, but just do not get the ribs.  Wait was really long too, just not worth the time/money.
I would have to give this only two stars. If t weren't for the manager to be apologetic then this would have been a 1star. . . So I at here with a couple of friends and we got seated immediately since we has reservations. So that was fine. HEIDI was our waitress and lemme say... Not the sweetest thing at all... For someone who had been there for 3 years and helps train other waiters/waitresses I would love to question her skills. If someone asks for suggestions about a specific plate u think they would try to figure out what kind of taste ur lookin for and have some kind of suggestions. But her comment was "the hangover omelet is the popular one" that really didn't help me decide on the dish. And since it was popular the. Y not try it. I shouldhave stuck to my first choice and ordered the corned beef and hash. Don't think that could ever get messed up. Other than getting burnt potatoes. . . You think paying 15 for an omelet it would be spectacular. But it wasn't. I satisfied my craving with a nations hotdog... Well worth my $12. I don't think I would ever eat here again. Maybe try the one in New York. Service may be a lot more better there. Over it was a good experience but worse service possible. Thanks for leaving a bad taste for me an my friends.
Service is very very very slow.expect at least 45 minutes wait for your food.. Food was OK., Ordered the Dinosaur Ribs and was good  the desert  was very good.. I am giving 2 stars because we kept waiting for more than 30 minutes in line to get in when we saw many people arriving later and getting in before us, when we ended up checking with the waitress she basically confused and put us on hold.. Overall was a ok place
Food was decent. Dessert was scrumptious. Service sucked. . Went here Sunday night for dinner. Seated outside. Told we'd get a table in 5 min, took for like 15. Sat down and took forever for the waiter to show up. It seemed like people seated after us were served first. Ordered food and waited another 30 min for it to come out. When we did, fries were cold and the bun on the burger was soggy & kept breaking. I'm convinced it was the waiter. Girls behind us were seated after and served food first. . Got dessert which was so yummy on a hot evening. . . Tip: Many of the hotels connected with total rewards have coupons when you check in, we got one and got free dessert. And cheaper food by $1 an item.
Okay, when I saw this place on an episode of TANKED I wanted to go there.  We were staying at Caesars Palace anyways so why not, right?. . Uhm WRONG!  The service was so slow it took the server to get my coffee/water 20 minutes.  After he gave us our beverage, he was gone for another 15 minutes.  He came back to take our order which took 25 minutes to get to us.  Why does it take so long to get breakfast?!  Service was horrible.... . The food:  The food was delicious.  Was it worth waiting all that time, NO!  But it made up for it, I guess.  If you have time to just sit there and wait by all means go ahead.. . I didn't get a chance to try their ice cream which i was disappointed but I didn't want to wait forever for it either.
With all the hype I had much higher expectations than the food and service received. I went twice in the last year to give S3 a fair chance, the first time was ok and the second was simply awful. The food was mediocre by normal Vegas standards both times I went. For a high profile, Strip facing facing restaurant the quality should be much better, maybe the expect most their customers to be too drunk or hungover to know good food.  . Overall the food was underwhelming, the environment loud and crowded, the service ok to terrible.
Way too over priced. It's a disappointment to their NY establishment. It's tasteless. I don't understand why it's always crowded here.
The coffee was cold, the food was blah.  Nothing special and not worth the wait! The only thing that was to die for was the fried oreos--Amazing!
40 min wait with over half the tables empty?. . We came here on a late Sunday night to get off the strip and buy a soda but we were told it would  be a 30 to 40 minute wait. We said OK and gave them our cell so they could text when a table was available. . . We went outside and sat at and one of the ten unoccupied tables and waited. After 30 minutes of not receiving our text we left and found a soda somewhere else. When we walked into the new restaurant we received a text saying our table was almost ready.
The frozen hot chocolate tastes exactly like it sounds. You could easily make this at home for far less than the $11 they ask for it. If you make it at home you won't have to deal with the lines here either or the teenager at the counter who argues with you on how much change she owes you.
Serendipity?. . I seriously had high hopes for you. Rushed there to finally try the "frozen hot chocolate". We got there at 10:45 or so, so we had to order this mess from the outside and sat outside which was nice.. . Really, don't call a milkshake with powder, milk, and some Oreos  frozen hot chocolate (the only reason im saying that is because i saw her make it). It was weird and bland. $11 bucks down the drain. I could have had an Oreo milk shake at home for $1.50, if that.. . What a waste. Maybe its better in NY.
Frozen hot chocolate for $11. This better ignite fireworks on my palate and send me off in a frozen frothy chocolaty drink frenzy. Alas all this did was burn a hole in my seething pocket. . . Overrated. Overpriced. Over it.
I was soo hyped up to go to this place. I remember I ordered their famous frozen hot chocolate. Basically, it is a chocolate shake with a fancy name. Fancy decor but service was not good.  Amazing location for the tourists but for the locals, it's quite of a hike to get there if we have to park somewhere. Go again? Only for the strip watching.
Food was ok.Tried the frozen hot chocolate wasn't very impressed. Everything is overpriced and over rated
This place is crap and over priced, people only go here for convenience. The food was below average, the drinks are kinda plain and the line is super long.  2 stars for convenience. I hear only good things about their desserts, which I didn't try, but i dont recommend their food.
Went here last night for dinner before watching the fireworks at Caesar's Palace. When we got in line, there was only a couple in front of us waiting for a table, and we were told the wait would be 30 minutes unless we wanted to sit at the bar. Since we had been walking all day and were really hungry, we opted to sit at the bar. Well, the bar ended up being fairly small, so maybe we should have waited. Once seated, the blonde bartender took a while to give us a menu and seemed to be in a bad mood. While waiting to place our order, we overheard her complaining to the other bartender that everyone at the bar was drinking water and it was too busy. Well, people were sitting at the bar because the restaurant itself was full, and they wanted to eat. Also, when it is 112 degrees outside, it is important to stay hydrated. Plus, it was the 4th, so of course it was busy. The other  bartender was incredibly nice and took our order and kept our water glasses full...she even re-filled my water bottle for free. The food is okay, but it is definitely overpriced, even for being on the strip. My triple-decker grilled cheese and cup of soup was $15 and a side of onion rings I think was $8 and I got like 5 onion rings....definitely not worth it. Did not get a Frrrrozen Hot Chocolate this time because I just didn't feel like spending another $11. I would have given another star, but the rude bartender really turned me off and the fact that the bar only has about ten chairs. I think next time I come here, I will wait for a table or order from the window and sit outside like I do when I just get a drink.
Overrated!. . The food is okay but not great.. the frozen hot chocolate is good but nothing special + overpriced.. The wait is horrendous.. . At the astronomical prices a la Vegas, I wouldn't be returning to the mediocrity that is Serendipity.
MEH. I wouldn't come back here for the food, it was generally mediocre.. . I think the draw is the location (right on the strip) and the size of the portions (insanely huge). Maybe if I was hungover I would have been more excited. The mojito was the highlight of the meal. Maybe if I tried the frozen hot chocolate I would be more impressed. That seems to be the hit here.
I'd been hearing the hype about frozen hot chocolates for a really long time, but I was unwilling to wait in the long line for the restaurant. But no fear! There's a handy little take out line around back. I ordered my frozen hot chocolate, listened to a little One Direction over the loudspeaker, and waited for my drink.. . My frozen hot chocolate was disappointing. It tasted like chocolate powder, and not in a good way. It was something that I felt like I could definitely make for myself, and for much, much cheaper. It was tasty, but definitely not worth waiting around for.
Pass. Bad food and even worse service. Took 15 min to get water, 15 minutes to pay, waitress dropped a glass of water on the table and in my lap.. . Bad eggs, bad cheese, bad potatoes, bad sausage (the enormous Italian sausage sized bad sausage). They have a frozen hot chocolate that they are famous for which is why they get 2 stars.. . Oh and the bathroom is around the corner from the restaurant on the ground level of an employee parking garage, pretty bizarre. I heard that they get lines at night and make the last person in line wear a sign that says he's the last one served in exchange for a free frozen hot chocolate.
I think this place is too hyped up, luckily we were able to walk right in on a Friday night without waiting.  Some reviews indicate a 1 hr wait time, so I was a bit skeptical.  The restaurant is cute, but very loud.  You have to yell to place your order!  Service is not the greatest, it's so crowded that I think it's hard for the waiters to properly attend you... You literally have to flag them down at times.  As for the food:. . Crab Artichoke Dip - really good, with big chunks of crab! . BBQ & Bleu Burger - felt the Bleu Cheese overpowered the BBQ and bacon. Fries were delish!. Kids menu - Mac & Cheese - great dish for kids, cheese was nice and creamy. Ice Cream Sundae - decent, nothing noteworthy
This restaurant was definitely quite pricey for the quality of food they serve. The food was mediocre at best, with the highlight being the free hot fudge sundae (we had a coupon). The food was incredibly heavy and honestly, didn't feel much better than your local Olive Garden/Cheesecake Factory. This place is kind of crowded, especially on weekends and you definitely have to make reservation at least a day ahead of time (don't know why, nothing so great here).. . The service was also very odd. Our waitress changed her attitude very clearly after we decided to not order alcoholic drinks. Not only that, she was serving a table next to us and she was definitely speaking to them inappropriately about something, telling the other table that they should not be doing certain things due to the fact that she will get in trouble for it (waiters should not be saying this to customers). She also went into a long-winded story with them about how she got into trouble. She spoke incredibly loudly and even in the loud restaurant, I could hear her from when she was serving the other table near us. This definitely made us feel very uncomfortable there.. . Probably won't come back again, since there's plenty of other awesome restaurants in Vegas.
I'm really mad we ate here. . . I got the Asian Chicken Salad. It wasn't  terrible but it could have been way better. However the price wasn't too bad. My BF got the 1 foot hot dog and once again it was not terrible but I've had better. Friends ordered burgers and they really looked like sliders. They were tiny. . . The service was so so. They did charge me $1 for a cup of water. I thought water was free everywhere???
50 minutes to get a grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup that tastes subpar. The tomato soup is very sour and not creamy. It tasted almost like tomato paste.  Also their crab cake sandwich has really dry crab meat. The only thing that's descent at this place is theirfrozen hot chocolate which is why I gave them a 2 star instead of a 1 star.
I don't understand why there is always a long wait when you visit the outside food window. You literally wait a good 30-45 mins to order and 10-15 more for your food. This past sunday (Easter) it was 40-50 min wait for food alone. I hate to think how long you wait for food inside the restaurant?! I only come here for the frozen hot chocolate which is delicious. But the price is definitely not. You pay over 10 bucks for something the size of a tall drink at Starbucks. Lame-o's!
Was excited to check it on when I was down on the strip. All the talk about the one everyone rushes to in NY had me intrigued. The interior is very loud and overwhelming. The menu is hard to follow and it's a little confusing having two prices on everything. One for us regular folk, and one for what I'm guessing are people who sign up for players cards at the hotel, but not 100% sure since there wasn't any explanation. Food was ok, nothing special, took a long time to get soup and french fries, and the server kept disappearing. Took forever to get a refill of my soda, and even longer to get the check and have our credit card ran. I know it's on the strip, but super expensive for what they offer. Won't be coming back and won't be sending anyone I know down there to eat.
Was there with seven others this week. It was very hot and humid. We waited about 45 min. To be seated in outside patio. Server was pleasant, ice cream was good. I was very uncomfortable when the outside fans were turned off at 8pm.We were informed that management would not turn them on again. I can eat great ice cream anywhere on the strip while being comfortable. So sad I had waited to eat at "the Serendipity" disappointed.
This place is way overrated. The frozen hot chocolate is yucky. Starbucks Frappuccino is way better and less than half the price. I don't get it. Is it because these people on TV say oh I must go there and you follow too. I'm sure the rent is terrible for them. They might survive but only because of new tourists arriving each month.
I've been wanting to try this place for years!! Frozen hot chocolate was good, everything else.... Not so much.  Definitely do not get their dry ass beef ribs that came with 3 for $20.  There are so many better places in Vegas.  If you have to try out the hot chocolate, go for it.  Do not get any food though.  So overpriced and so unsatisfying. We got wings, beef ribs, and two frozen hot chocolate for two and it was $80 after tax and tip.  Oh hell no.
The reason why I came here was because of a friend who has never been to Las Vegas. He said he saw this on one of the food network and wanted to try it. His thinking was, "it's on the food network so it must be good."He said they were known for their frozen hot chocolate, and that had my group of friends sold. The wait wasn't too long, it was about 25 minutes.  This is what we ordered.... Mac & Cheese- Just like any other mac & cheese from any other place such as Hard Rock Cafe. It wasn't too cheesy which was good and it had a hint of truffle on it. I wish it had a bit more truffle. On the other hand the bacon was a bit too oily and fatty for my liking.. . Dont Be Afraid Of My Alfredo-  Be very afraid if you can't eat a lot. This pasta dish is very filling and cheesy. It wasn't the worse Alfredo I had, but definitely far from the best. To put this in perspective, I believe Cheesecake Factory's Alfredo is superior.. . The Chili Cheese Dog- The chili cheese dog was a foot long... Too bad it tasted like any other chili cheese dog and not to mention 18 bucks . . Crab Cake Sandwich- Probably the only thing that stood out. My friend had this, and said it was delicious but yet not worth the money.. . We also had their frozen hot chocolates. I don't why they are famous for it, but it just tasted like any other shake.. If you do get the frozen hot chocolate I recommend the original or the strawberry one. DO not get the Oreo one as it was way too sweet.. . In the end, the food isn't bad, but the pricing was just horrible. It's way too expensive, and you can get the same quality food at Cheesecake Factory with bigger portions.
Came here with 8 girls last weekend as part of a bachelorette party.  Unfortunately, turned out to be a very disappointing meal for me.  . . First of all, $11 for the "frozen hot chocolate"?? This can't be the same treat that the whole world raves about.  It was too icy, WAY too sweet, and tasted like a concoction I could whip up at home with some instant nestle powder.  I was not alone on this boat, many of my fellow diners agreed with me.  Even my friend from New York who regularly frequents the original manhattan serendipity- she thought the one served here was of inferior quality.  If you must order one of these tourist trap treats, I suggest the Amaretto flavor- much better tasting than the regular one.  . . Breakfast did not fare much better.  I wanted to order the egg white shrimp frittata-  but the waitress told me they ran out (really? at 10:30am??)  Instead, I ordered the fried eggs benedict (Corn Meal Crusted Fried Poached Eggs, Classic Hollandaise & Canadian Bacon atop Sausage Gravy & House Made Biscuit). When the dish arrived, it certainly looked pretty enough!  But alas, it did not taste as good as it looked.  I hoped that despite the egg being fried, the yolk would still be relatively runny.  My hopes were quickly dashed. The lack of creamy yolkiness took all the fun away from eating an eggs benedict :( The hollandaise sauce was too sparse and the biscuit was too dry and tough to cut- not flaky at all.  All in all, probably the worst eggs benedict I've had.  . . The other girls ordered the staple brunch dishes (french toast, chicken&waffles, omelet).  Portions were massive and it made for great photo-ops.  But in the end, nobody raved about their food, and we took back ~70% of it in doggie bags.  On a brighter note, our leftovers were put to good use later that evening as a drunken midnight snack.  I guess beer-goggles can apply to tastebuds as well!
I absolutely love their Forbidden Broadway Sundae.  It is huge, has everything you want on it... rich chocolate cake, chocolate & vanilla ice cream, hot fudge, whipped cream all served...its amazing!. . The only downfall to this place are the wait times and the workers.  The wait to sit can be as little as 10 minutes to as along as 2 hours.  Are you kidding me?!?!  And then when you look and see that there are tons of empty tables needed to be bused and the staff don't seem that interested in busing them is a total turn off for me.  Then when we actually sat down, we didn't get service for over 10 minutes and not to mention our waiter barely said anything to us.  We barely saw him.  It took forever to get our food and it took even longer to our check, to pay and then to sign for it.. . The only reason why we come is because of the desserts.  If the desserts weren't good, I'm pretty sure we wouldn't come back.
Food was ok but the service was horrible everybody was rude for the price of the food I was expecting better definitely wont be going back there
Serendipity means "happy accident" or "pleasant surprise," but unfortunately, this restaurant was neither. The wait, service, and food were all just mediocre, but it is a good place to take someone just for the experience. . . I normally do not mind the wait for popular restaurants, but the ladies who are in charge of the line are horrible at giving approximate wait times and they don't accommodate for everyone who is waiting to get placed on the waiting list. There were a handful of people who were ignored... who ended up leaving because of the horrible service they're getting (and they didn't even sit down yet!). We waited quite a long time to get seated, but our server was pretty helpful in helping us choose what to order. We decided to share the Don't Drop Your Skirt Steak Frites. It looks really fancy, but it didn't taste as fancy as it looked.. . We also ordered the Frozen Hot Chocolate that everyone orders when they go to Serendipity. Now, I'm not a huge fan of chocolate, but I do enjoy hot chocolate. I thought frozen hot chocolate was going to taste super different, but it was just like regular hot chocolate! For a little over $10, I think I'll just make my own at home.
burger was pretty good but not worth $15.  Bathroom is outside the restaurant and around the corner (odd).  Just wasnt impressed overall.
My hot dog was good, but the burger with the blue cheese was off. The blue cheese did not compliment the burger at all. The alcoholic beverages were super overpriced but I guess average considering it was the strip. The waitress wasn't very good. She got our order wrong then apparently forgot to put it in which is why our food took so long. The good thing was that we were seated pretty quickly.
Cute ambiance but overall disappointed.   Wait was 20 min when almost half of the place was empty.  So we sat at the bar.  Mauricio was nice but was lacking.  Asked for bloody mary to not be too spicy and I was blowing flames with mine.  Frozen hot chocolate ( which is what they are known for) was completely watery and disappointing.  I wanted huevos rancheros but with flour tortilla instead of tostada and was told "no".  So I ordered the breakfast quesadilla but with an overeasy egg.  Mauricio came out and told me that they couldn't do it with the egg in it that they could only put the egg on the side.  I was completely baffled by this but agreed.  Overall not impressed!!!!
I was super excited to come here for the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate! I had made reservations about a month prior to my visit. We got seated 5 minutes upon arrival - which wasn't bad. However, it was after we got seated when things started to turn downhill.. . It took them 10 minutes to get our drink orders (when all we wanted was ice cold water). Took them another 15 minutes on top of that to take our food orders. & the worse part? It took about 45 minutes for our food to come out! Service is not even worth the 2 stars, but I will give it to them just for the food being mediocre and for the delicious Frrrozen Hot Chocolate!
I didn't like this place too much. Let me start with the food it was tasteless! There was a 50 min wait Not Worth IT!.. . I don't want to write too much about this place because it was not a fun experience. Vegas has much better places!!
Short Sum: Inexpensive and overrated desserts. Small location with a long wait. No.. . Pros: . - Clean and pretty.. . Cons: . - Desserts were not worth it. $10 Ice Cream dish with 2 chocolate dipped strawberries? Not worth it. . - Frozen hot chocolate for more than $10? Not worth it either.. - I don't know why it felt really cramped. . - Long wait.. . Go Back?. - This review is solely on the desserts. I'll come back to try their food and maybe adjust my rating.
Sat immediately upon arriving, which is nice, but it took a good 10 minutes before someone even came over and once the waiter did come over, it seemed like he was over serving people. Lack luster attitude with a side of sarcasm to put it lightly. If your waiters are overwhelmed and need a few minutes to catch up, I would MUCH RATHER wait for a table an extra 10 minutes than to be sitting a table waiting for someone to acknowledge me for 10 minutes. . . Food - way over priced. I know their "sliders" (appetizer) are expected to be small, but DAMN! They were literally the size of the ramekin that came with them filled with ketchup. And for 12$? C'mon now.... . But the kids ate them and the only good part of that dish was the bacon aoili, yum! Fries were crunchy and good. The only enjoyable partof the whole meal was the frozen hot chocolate and I wouldn't mind paying $15 for the two serving if it wasn't more than half whipped cream on top. Yeah it looks pretty, but way to rip off your customers. Once in a while, OKAY.. but I mean once in a blue moon because the walks ridiculously far unless you're already walking the strip and it's really only enjoyable for dessert. I'd suggest ordering at a takeout window right out front of the restaurant and seat yourself. Save yourself the hassle.
All I had was a sandwich and a pretzel from here. Seems they could've done better on all of it. They have people working there that don't seem to care what they serve of how it's prepared. Really ad for a place right on the strip :(
AYFKM?. . If you're ready to wait, and wait, and wait to be seated and then wait, and wait, and wait to be served. And then get a below expectations food, this is your place.. . Service was kind but the wait is not worth it.. . Food was uneventful. . . Enough said.
Lets keep this review simple and short.. . I had a party of 4, we walked in saw a bunch of workers who i assume were hostesses and waitresses walking to and from the hostess podium but no one  acknowledge us for atleast 10 minutes. Strange, because the restaurant did not seem that busy. Anyways, the hostess finally got our names down and said it was a 15 minute wait but it actually was only like 2. Thank god. . . I ordered the 25 dollar deal. You got to pick any burger you wanted and then you got a frozen hot chocolate as well. I ordered the Portobello mushroom burger (17$) which was not bad, but it wasn't mind blowing either. The presentation was cute though.  I then received my (full sized)  frozen hot chocolate . I have been wanting to try this thing for SOOOO long and i had high hopes, but it really was extremely dissapointing =/ It was more like a melted milkshake. . . I feel like you would be better off ordering room service.
Very disappointed with Serendipity 3! The worst service ever! The wait was over 30 minutes for a table which I could understand but why wait another 30+ minutes to receive your food?! I'm sorry but that is not acceptable. . . I give this place 2 stars only because the waffles we ordered tasted good.  But it could have been because they starved us to death waiting for our food.  At any rate, I would not return here.  The server even gave us an attitude because we made a mistake on how we were splitting our bill within our group.  . . I don't understand what all hype is about this place.
So I really just wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate... wanted to check out what the hype was about.  Geez maybe I'm unfairly reviewing this place since it is now considered a chain & I'm not a huge fan of "chains".  I was so not impressed WHAT SO EVER.  Our waitress was nice but slow.  The food was not good.  Not good is an understatement.  My Flintstone size ribs were dry and lacked any flavor of BBQ sauce.  I had to ask for an additional side and that wasn't good either.  I would have preferred Heinz in a cup.  I barely touched anything, but the cole slaw.  The beef in the sliders were overcooked and dry.  The frozen hot chocolate was enormous.  I took one sip but that's about all I could tolerate.  . . No restroom in the restaurant.  You have to walk outside and down a ways to the left under the stairs where you will find restrooms that are equivalent to a rest stop bathroom.. . Positive:  Cool menu and cool space.  Fortunately, our timing was perfect and we didn't have to wait too long for a seat.
I was pretty underwhelmed with Serendipity 3. On a recent trip to Las Vegas, the group of girls that I was with was trying to decide on a place to have dinner. One of the girls recommended Serendipity, and being that we were all somewhat drunk and hungry, we agreed. Well, we showed up and since the weather was nice outside we elected to sit out on the patio that is right next to 'The Strip' and had a great view of all the lights and passer-bys. Unfortunately, the allure of sitting on the patio stopped at the view. To start, it was almost as if they put us out on the patio and proceeded to completely forget that they put us there. When we were seated we were told that someone would be by shortly to take our drink orders... I guess they didn't know how thirsty we were and what a buzz kill they were being, because our waiter didn't come by for about 15 minutes. . . Aside from my gripe about the slow service on the patio is the fact that about a half hour into dinner there was literally, and I kid you not, a wind storm that erupted. So bad in fact, that one of our friends who had a 7 p.m. flight into Vegas had her flight grounded and delayed until the following morning due to wind. So, as silverware was blowing off of tables and napkins went flying, we tried to flag down our waiter to be moved inside. The response that we received was; "If you want to move inside then you are going to have to put your name on the waiting list and wait for a table to open inside. The current wait is an hour." Ummm... what?! We had drinks in hand and appetizers on the table and you're telling me that we would have to put our name on the waiting list? You are SO accommodating! Thank you! (Those last two statements were completely laced with sarcasm.). . I guess I should talk about the food now. Oh, and for those of you wondering: we stayed out on the patio throughout our whole meal... good times. Anyways... for dinner I started with a caesar salad and then ordered buffalo chicken strips for dinner. The salad was fine; How could you screw up caesar salad? The buffalo chicken strips were ok. They weren't crispy and steaming hot like I wanted, but at least it was sustenance. When the chicken strips arrived it looked as if they had sat on the counter waiting to get run to our table for a few minutes too long. The sauce had gotten cold and had pulled off some of the crispy breading. However, give a girl some ranch dressing and blue cheese and she can make anything taste decent.
2 stars for frozen hot chocolate... yummm. Waiting time to be seated 30 mins. Water to be delivered at your table 15 mins. Another 15 mins wait to take your orders. 41 minutes wait for the food :( . Food was so-so, not bad, not that good either.. . I only want the frozen hot choco, so I'll just order at the window next time.
i only came to try the frozen hot chocolate.  it's pretty pricey and if it was really good, i wouldn't mind paying $$$, but it was okay.  i don't feel that it's worth the price. more hype than anything.  maybe i have to try it again when i'm not pregnant, but right now it's just one of those things i don't look forward to but can say i've tried.  i'll give it another chance and update this review post partum :P
EH, for all the waiting, and all the heat, and all the hype, and all the expense....this really wasn't all it was cracked up to be. Honestly? The Frozen Hot Chocolate just sounds cool. Go to Starbucks (or somewhere else that's cheaper) and get a Frappaccino for half the price and half the wait. In my opinion, this place is WAAAAYYYY overrated.
The best thing here is the Frozen Hot Chocolate (a 4 star). Desserts are the same price or more then entrees. If you're not coming here for their famous Frozen Hot Chocolate, you can get their food or desserts any where else.
I think the food is pretty mediocre, more for the experience and frozen hot chocolate. . . The regular is always great. Tried the green tea one this last time I went and it was pretty delicious. . . I think I'll just stick with the serendipity cafe outside to get my drink next time
Came to Vegas for an all girls trip. My Bestie wanted to try their frozen hot chocolate. I have no idea what it was so i told her go ahead! the 5 of us shared 2 different ones (Original and Oreooo). it was 11 bucks each and the wait to order was over 20 minutes. . . When we tried it, it was very very very very very disappointing. I felt like it just tasted like a milk shake, but some milk shakes taste even better... i don't know what the big fuss about it was. I was excited too, because i love dessert, but they were overly sweet and not special at all.. . I am glad we split it and didn't decide to buy one on our own..... . I will not be back from any more frozen hot chocolate, maybe for something else.. . =]
I have heard so many good things about this place I had to try it. What a disappointment.. . Long lines. Expensive deserts. And the infamous Frozen Hot Chocolate was horrible. So not worth it. For 1/4 of the price, get a shake at In N Out instead. Way better.. . I do not get what the hype is all about. Not going back.
Been wanting to try this place forever and was so excited when we choose this place for lunch during our girls trip.. but as much as I wanted to love it, I found the entire experience disappointing. . . Even though we had reservations, there was still a bit of a wait. No biggie.. It's Vegas. However, our food took FOREVER. Other tables that came after us got their food and were gone before we got ours. After nearly an hour, we finally got our food. I ordered nachos and my cheese tasted like plastic- had obviously been sitting somewhere for a long time. My friend sent her omelet back because apparently her food was cold and plastic-like too. . . Since the food took so long, we decided to order the frozen hot chocolates as they served our food.. in case it was going to take another hour to bring out too. But of course, they brought those out right away instead. Not sure how they came out such a melted mess considering they came out so quickly, but we had to scoop the whipped cream back on to attempt a cute picture of them. So basically we had our cold entrees and melted frozen hot chocolates served all at once. . . For the $15 we spent on each frozen hot chocolate, I'd suggest for a similar experience- buying a Frosty from Wendy's, putting it in a pretty sundae dish, adding whipped cream and garnishing with shaved chocolate.
I also love coming here for the ambiance.  I have to say that this has the slowest food service, we waited an hour and 15 minutes for our food.  It was good but not worth the wait.
Frozen Hot Chocolate is what they're famous for but the service is terrible.  1 star for the frozen hot chocolate, 1 star for the location and -3 stars for terrible, terrible service.
I've always heard good things about this place, but after finally having a chance to check it out myself i'd have to say it was just OK. . . Ordered the red velvet sundae. It came with a slice of red velvet cake and then it was a whole lot of chocolate after that! I didn't think it was possible for me to get sick of chocolate, but while eating this it happened haha. Also, it's pretty pricey for desserts. You'd have to have one ridiculous sweet tooth for this place.
We were sat an hour past our reservation.  Took over an hour to finally get our food( and with children, was just miserable) Most of our frozen hot chocolate was a watery mess. The server was impossible to get service from.. We heard good stuff about this place,  but I say, too much hype and very overpriced for what you are given!
Overrated and expensive with spotty service.
Party of 6! If you do not mind waiting 30-45 minutes to be seated and another 30-45minutes to get your food then this place is not bad. SERVICE Sucks!!! The food is good but nothing to really talk about other than my friends sphaghetti had a piece of plastic of some sort on his noodles. They took it back and another 30 minutes plus to get the replacement. Really? I must say they do shine on their desserts. Go have dinner elswhere and take the dessert to go!
The line was super long and slow and the price was outrageous (even for Vegas).  My frozen hot chocolate was $11 plus tax and tip and it tasted more like ovaltine than hot chocolate and it was really watery, not that frozen.  I wouldn't believe the hype.  I should have tried the fried Oreo and ice cream...hard to mess that delicious combo up!
Cute place, frozen hot chocolate is a yummy treat. Food is so so, nothing special. Just had the most horrendous waiter, Nick. He huffed and puffed when we asked him to come back to take our orders because one person from our party was in the restroom (note that it was not busy at all). He proceeded to give us attitude throughout our meal. When one of us asked for a side of toast, he told her he would have to charge her. I don't know why he assumed she was looking for a giveaway. You think he'd be more patient from working in such a high traffic restaurant. Thanks for nothing, Nick!
I think the only reason people come here is because it's in a central location and the blaring pink decor screams, "Vegas!". . Horrible service. I understand the place gets really busy but it shouldn't take over 15 minutes to get our waters. The food wasn't very good either. The ribs were incredibly dry, the fettuccine pasta tasted like it was made from a box, and the nachos were really just a bunch of chips with a tiny portion of cheese and meat.. . The frozen hot chocolate everyone raves about is overrated. Go somewhere else for better food!
I feel like Serendipity is one of those places that you have to try at least once when you're in Vegas. We strolled in here one day for lunch and ordered a bunch of stuff off their menu. . . The onion rings and frozen hot chocolate was probably the only two things that really stood out to us. The onion rings were sooooo GOOD. They tasted like corn bread battered onions that were crispy. The frozen hot chocolate was also delicious. It is GINORMOUS so I would definitely suggest sharing it between at least 4 people. . . Our table tried the pizza, hot wings, baby back ribs, a burger, and veggie sandwich. The pizza was soggy and bland, the baby back ribs were tough and difficult to eat, the burger was dry, and the rest were unmemorable. . . Oh well...WHEN IN ROME!
Came here with some friends and my husband for brunch and we were disappointed. The only thing I enjoyed was my corned beef hash. Our waitress was cold and short with us, the food was just ok and the prices were way too high! I realize these are fairly large portions but the quality of the food was lacking thus didn't deserve to be this expensive. My friends wanted to go here because they ate here 4 yrs ago and loved it. They were disappointed as well.
Got the fried oreo sundae expecting that it would be like something special... the waiter said it was the most popular. Nothing impressive. Cookies n cream ice cream with fudge. The oreos were disgusting btw. Glad we didn't order anything else here.
I was going to go for three stars but that's A OK, and last night was anything but. Arriving late into Vegas with the kids I asked our concierge to recommend somewhere to take two kids 8 and 10 for dinner. He couldn't recommend Serendipity high enough for food for kids. I guess kids must have lower standards ? Anyway I like  to grade my dinning reviews on a few things. . . Service; we didn't experience any wait time apparently that's the norm for this time of season so walked starlight in. We we're meet promptly and seated straight away. (Forgot to mention my parents joined us so we were a party of 5).  That was all good but we were seated between the front door the front desk and the kitchen. With plenty of other options I thought this was poor choice. Our server was polite but surly to start with, she warmed up during our stay ( Aussie accent helps sometimes). Kitchen staff were excellent, my son is dairy and gluten free and they went out of there way to make hi something to eat which was great but sadly no one else got this good a food.. . Food; being a beef farmer I like to eat steak just about everywhere I go and the steak and fries I ordered arrived in good time but the fries were cold and the steak ordinary. My daughter got the mini cheese burgers which she ate half of one and passed on the rest. I bit into the second one and could see why, the meat was bland and all you could taste was old grease from the grill, yuk.. . Dad went safe with a sundae and was happy enough but then nothing much phases him when it has whipped cream.. . Mum just had some fries which also arrived cold and no flavour at all.. . So in summary the food was below expectation and the service average.
Serendipity: (noun) the occurrence and development of events by chance in a happy or beneficial way.. . We came here by chance (because the other restaurant had a 45 min wait), but nothing was beneficial. You should change your name.. . They stop serving breakfast after 11am. I repeat, they stop serving breakfast at 11am...at the crossroads of probably one of the highest concentrations of foot traffic in Las Vegas. It's tough to wake up in Vegas. I just wanted French toast :'(. . There's only one reason to be in this human sized doll house...The frozen hot chocolate. It's absolutely delicious and fun to share.. . However, if it's good food you want, or a glimmer of a menial smile, you're better off going somewhere else. . . It was tough watching my Reuben sizzle in the window for literally 11 minutes. I wanted to grab it, because the OH had a flight to catch, but I didn't want to be 'that guy'. We became the 'waiters', instead of the patrons.. . Skip Serendipity 3 if you can. There are much better places near.
My party of 3 waited about 15 minutes before we were seated on the patio on a Friday evening. We ordered a large pot of tea, Frozen Hot Chocolate, and Bread pudding to share. From my point of view, I noticed that this location is not well kept. You can definitely see the wear/tear of the restaurant. It felt dirty out on the patio and I would have preferred to be seated inside, as I noticed random patrons taking seats in the patio area. The desserts came 15 minutes later and we noticed that the bread pudding probably sat in the window for a while. That is, our topping of ice cream was completely melted by the time it reached the table.. . Service was non-exisitent as well as the waiter hardly came by to check on us. . . Overall, I was let down by Serendipity. The dessert are overpriced and I felt that slow service attributed my poor experience. Perhaps, the New York location may be able to redeem my perception of this chain someday.
