Sometimes I feel like my food life is a giant episode of the "Twilight Zone.". . How Burger Bar is ranked as high as it is is truly beyond me.  In fact, many Yelpers I respect and normally agree with love this place but man, I haven't felt this ripped off since I bought my HDDVD player. . . Maybe Im biased against these so-called "gourmet burger" spots.  I mean, what makes a hamburger great is that its approachable by everyone, regardless of economics.  Perhaps thats why it has come to be synonymous with America...that it crosses boundaries.   Not here however, these burgers are decidedly expensive and in reality no better than anything you'd find at your favorite local burger joint.  . . Just because you use the word "kobe" or "danish blue cheese" doesn't mean you have the right to charge $20 bucks for a burger...but apparently here it does.  Another thing is one would think a gourmet burger place would have gourmet fries right?  Wrong...here the fries were so mediocre I was yearning for Chili's.......yep, thats right I said Chili's and now I must shower to wash the shame off my body.  . . I had Hubert's favorite burger which was composed of Buffalo, Bleu Cheese and sherry shallot reduction sauce.  It tasted ok, but the price...oh that price!  Would you spend 15 bucks for a gourmet hot dog?  You would tell me to jump off a bridge!  My mom had the sliders and reported them as being ok as well, but nothing special.. . Service was average but not very friendly.  I mean I would have a smile if I was getting a 10 dollar tip for bringing out two hamburgers and a couple soda pops but who am I to judge?. . One positive thing to note was Burger Bar did have a nice beer selection with some unique options at decent prices.  Its nice to be free from the normal yoke of beer oppression perpetrated by the casinos.. . I for one can pass on this place again but judging by the crowd there and the reviews on Yelp, most people disagree.....Twilight Zone I tells ya!!!!
In all honesty, this place is overrated. My favorite burger of all time is the office burger at Father's Office, so I am compare all burgers to that. . . I ordered the Hubert Kueller burger which consists of blue cheese, buffalo meat, and caramelized onions. The blue cheese overpowered the meat, which itself lacked in flavor. My friend ordered the black jack burger and he also said the meat (he had beef) was lacking in flavor. . . Combine the fact that the burger costs $20 and tasted eh, I don't recommend eating here.
Decent burgers and friendly service (kind of, read on...). Found it because a few of us were craving a gourmet burger one morning in Vegas. This place seemed to be one of the top recommendations. Eh.... . The burger was okay. I forget what we ordered, but we had four different kinds. All were probably just below the level of The Counter (pretty common in southern California), which isn't saying much. . . Service started off pretty good, and then suddenly turned ridiculously rude towards the end of our meal. I'm not quite sure what went wrong. We were all pretty friendly, and given that we were all slightly hungover, we weren't exactly loud or obnoxious. We didn't send our server running back for numerous things right after she came back, we didn't talk to her rudely, we didn't grab the wrong server and demand service, we ordered a good amount of beers and food for our group, we didn't order the cheapest thing on the menu and ask for waters all-around... in summary: we really didn't do anything that would piss off a server (and I've waited tables for years during college, so I know what those are)... . . Luckily, we were too hungry, hungover, and close to finishing our meal to give much of a shit. We got the bill, left a sizeable tip to let her know we weren't going to stoop to her level of rudeness, and walked out. Given better (or at least more consistent) service, I'd say 3.5 stars, but a 1.5-2 for managing to almost ruin a fairly-OK meal...
I didn't read the reviews before I went but read them before I decided to write my review. I am shocked. Really?! I was eating at a Yelp 4 star rated restaurant? I couldn't eat it when I was buzzed, I couldn't eat it when I was sober. Apparently, I ordered the burger named after the owner Hubert Keller. I don't understand why anyone would name themselves after such a..yeecchhhtt burger. It just didn't go together well. Never again, dear friend. I do must say the quality of the food was (as Tony the Tiger would say) grreeeaaaattt!
Totally OVERRATED! There are tons of burger places, like the counter, in Vegas that are way better than this place. I ordered the angus burger with sweet potatoe fries-- the fries were cold and the burger lacked salt! I think it's unacceptable, especially coming from a "Top Chef Master!"
A basic burger, add overpriced because it is vegas.. . Then for good measure throw in some snobbish hostess types at the front of the restaurant and you have a recipe for annoyance.. . I have had just as good at Red Robin, so not a "must visit" place.
American Kobe Burger - Ordered med-well, got it at med.  Pretty good sized burger, but not amazing taste.  Was decent.  Tomato was tiny.. . Sweet potato fries were just ok.  I've had way better.  They were a little cold and seemed like they were about 1-2 hours old. . Good selection of beers if you aren't spoiled by the Northwest like I am
Waited for an hour to get in and than 40 min for our regular burgers to be served. Burgers were ok, not sure that $100 for 4 regular burgers no fries and one sangria is worth it
2 stars, and that is being generous..... . First of all let me say that I'm shocked by all of the great reviews. This place doesn't hold a candle to East Coast burger places like Z Burger and 5 guys. Want an overprice burger that doesn't have much to offer, come here. Want to say after your meal, jeez I wish I would have just went through the drive through at McDonalds, come here. I came here with a friend and we both ordered 2 dressed up burgers with a side of fries and a coke, the price was close to $60. The burgers were overcooked when we asked for medium. The fries tasted like they had come out of a bag in the frozen food section and then been deep fat fried when they were put on our plates there was an excess amount of oil. The only part of the meal they excelled in was the cokes, but how hard is it to put together a fountain soda these days.. . Not coming back.....
A foodie friend we travel with found out about this place from somewhere and decided we all neded to give it a try.. By far the worst service I have ever had on the strip, bar none.. . We waited 15 minuted for a table (not that big a deal) , however after we were seated it took 10 minutes for a waiter to wander over and take our order. We actually have to stop him from running off so we could order our sides.. In his haste to get away from doing pretty much anything, he managed to get a couple of orders worng, but our group of friends are pretty laid back about it and didn't bother to mention it. It literally took 35 minutes for our food to get the the table and by then it had apparently been sitting because the fries were cold and the burgers lukewarm.. . The food itself was OK but forgettable with the exception of the Mint chocolate milkshake one of the group ordered, that was excellent.. . None of us were ever offered refills on our drinks, not even the guy drinking water, of course the waiter woud have had to come to the table to do that. Once the food was delivered we only saw him again when he dropped off the bill.. . I may try this place again, as I'm hoping I caught them on an off day, but reading the other reviews, it probably won't be anytime soon.
Exactly as my rating states, it's just meh.. . I wouldn't mind going back and trying something else, but I did not like my burger, it was fine, but not for the price. A little suggestions on what ingredients to pair would've been nice. My black angus patty was crumbling all over the place and my entire burger fell to pieces. To top it off, the zucchini fries tasted and looked store bought :O( Better luck next time...
I've always wanted to try Hubert Keller's burger joint since I love eating at Fleur De Lys in SF. I ended up here with my buddies for lunch and I'd have to say my burger was a bit disappointing. Maybe it was the ciabatta bread with it but the burger was not juicy at all even though I ordered it medium. I'd come back again but only to try something else.
I will keep this short...overrated.  I would go back to have a beer here before I would go back for a burger.  Susan's review with wheres the beef is on point...had black jack burger and found myself eating bread with no meat.  The bill made my experience even less palatable.
How does a place go from a 5 star favorite to a 2 star disaster you might ask? It's surprisingly easy.... . 1) Unresponsive absent servers who forget your order, ignore your table, fail to properly input your order, forget to place your drink order, and forget to place your dessert order....oh and this all happened in one vist. . . 2) Over fry your Onion Rings what were heavenly delights of fried onion goodness on my last visit were over fried disasters on this one. I doubt my server had the wherewithal to observe this and since we were already behind due to the poor service we didn't bother to send them back. . . 3) Undercook and present the burger as a pile of meat bread and toppings thrown on a plate. My last visit the attention to detail and execution of the delivery was flawless this time around it was a mess. I have had burgers at 5 guys with more care and attention paid to the preparation.  . . In one service the place that had the best burger I ever ate and made me a believer ruined my evening and disappointed me at unprecedented levels. . . On the upside the server comped my shake and apologized for all the mix ups but I was still really disappointed in my return to burger bar.
Great concept for a restaurant, but very disappointing Mr. Keller! Any time you use the main item in the name it better be good.  Both my husband and I felt the food was dry and over cooked. The  buffalo had great flavor but it was ruined by pairing it with a dry bun.  The fries, onion rings and mozzarella sticks were all over cooked. One thing they did get right about this restaurant is their aioli. It is probably the best I've had.
Bad service makes you look much harder at the whole package. The low stars are for the service mostly. I went on a Sunday, and I guess my server was too busy to pay attention to me. I was left thirsty. Ihad to wave her down to get a second beer, and that was after my glass was left empty for almost 10 burger-bites.. The Google search placed this restaurant first, but it's midrange at best. The burger was cooked to order even though the bacon was caramelized. The food was alright, but the price of the beer was too high for its high service price. I left with a bad taste in my mouth, burger onion (not the beer).
Don't bother with this place.  You will pay a pretty penny for a subpar burger.  I had the Kobe burger with cheddar. Sweet potato fries. And a nutella milkshake.  The burger was overcooked which always bothers me, as the meat loses its flavor when it is burnt.  I like Kobe burgers and this one tasted like nothing more than a middle of the road restaurant burger.  The sweet potato fries were nothing to write home about either.  Just a note, I got my burger on a ciabatta bun and I would not recommend this, as it was too dry and really took away from the burger.  .  Chef veggie burger with buttermilk zucchini fries was also pretty blah as far as the burger is concerned, but the zucchini fries were pretty good, these I would recommend.  All in all I would not recommend this place nor come back to it.
Not impressed.  . . For $20 I was expecting an awesome, mouth-watering, pure burger bliss experience.  However, that was not the case.  My burger was decent and the only thing that was good there was the spicy ketchup (but I'm not sure if it was worth paying an extra $1 for it... I can mix tabasco with my ketchup for free).  . . Anyway, I tried their "American Classic" which consists of an angus burger on sesame bun with lettuce, onion, and tomato.  You can have the burger cooked the way you like and it comes with a side of "skinny fries".  No ladies... that does not mean less calorie like the "Skinny Girl" drinks.  What "skinny fries" mean here is slender looking fries (like McDonald's).  What was pretty awesome was how they let you do a mixture of fries and sweet potato fries.  . . Overall, not a place I would ever recommend anyone visiting. I would rather tell you to take that $20, place a $15 bet on a blackjack table and use the other $5 to get yourself a burger from McDonald's.
I love a good burger, I prefer a burger over a steak anyday. Ive had some fantastic burgers in my day, but to me this place is average. Its located inside of Mandalay Bay. Its also pretty expensive, you get charged for everything, tomatoes, sauce whatever. I got the kobe and by husband had buffalo. The service was spotty, I saw the waitress once, she got our order wrong and just brought out what had been forgotten on a plate.. . I got the zucchini fries which were average, the cheesecake factory has this place beat by a long shot. The bill for 2 burgers, water, and zucchini fries was $55.
Thumbs down!  Low quality overpriced food.  Can't say much about the service everybody else got but my waitress disappeared every 15 minutes.  Total time wasted from beginning to end of my meal for two people was 70 minutes.  Too long for a burger and chicken sandwich.  Nothing special here.  Will not return.
Well, I guess I'll be the first to give a not-so-great review. . . I so love Hubert Keller from all the cooking shows (and actually, I rode in an elevator at Mandalay with him- but couldn't get the nerve up to say anything! DOH!). I had high expectations, and felt so let down.. . We sat at the bar, as the booths and tables were all full. The service was friendly. We ordered the strawberry mojitos to start. They were not good. They tasted like cherry 7-UP and the strawberries were so big they clogged the straw- so you couldn't get a sip without scooting your straw around and trying to dislodge the strawberry. . . We ordered the mix of 3 fried things and 5 sauces to share, and I ordered the veggie burger. I found it a bit daunting to choose from all the little extras for the burger. I did try a couple, and, in the end, my veggie burger ended up costing around 15 bucks (with no fries...those we had to pay extra for).. . We chose the mozz sticks, sweet potato fries, and regular french fries for our combo. For sauces, we chose the spicy ketchup, the tartar sauce, the cinnamon sauce, the chipotle aioli....and I can't remember the other one. They weren't horrible, but none of them were special. Again, it's Hubert Keller's restaurant, so I figured the sauces would be sublime. The fries were also so disappointing! Just basic, frozen fries. The sweet potato fries were great with the cinnamon sauce, and I usually don't care for sweet anything. They were the highlight.. . My veggie burger sucked. For one, it was huge. Hotel rooms in Vegas typically don't have microwaves, so there is no way to reheat left-overs. I don't understand why Vegas restaurants serve such ridiculous portions when you cannot enjoy left-overs! More than half of my veggie burger was thrown away.. . The burger was also mushy and tasteless. I ordered some of the cool sounding add-ons, but couldn't taste them at all. The beet relish came in a little ramekin and had no flavor whatsoever. . . My sister and her friend liked their meat burgers, so maybe it's just the veggie burger. If I ever try the place again, I'll try the vegan sandwich (with the roasted veggies) on ciabatta.
I think anyone who gives this ore than 3 stars must never have had a decent burger in their life. You  can't tell me with a straight face that the burgers here are better than Five Guys, In-N-Out, etc...Sorry, they just aren't.. . The decor is nice and there are TV's everywhere, including at every booth. That's a plus. . . The staff and hostess were very nice and I thought they did a good job.. . But the food lacks. The $16 Kobe beef burger is bogus. There was no difference between that burger and the $9 angus burger my friend had.. . We had the skinny fries and sweet potato fries. Nothing special. Period.. . With 2 sodas, tax and tip, $55. NEVER AGAIN.
After seeing the commercial over and over on the Vegas/"default" channel in our room, we took a pit stop here towards the end of our stay.  Y'all know I'm a burger junkie, so I had to try theirs.  I was a little disappointed... I ordered the Hubert Keller Burger (his "favorite choice") - and ummm, it was ALRIGHT. I saw the description: Buffalo, caramelized onions, baby spinach, blue cheese, I'm thinking - WINNER! Fell short!  The buffalo lacked the gamey flavor I like about the meat. It tasted like the Angus burger my boyfriend ordered, but with a higher price tag!. . I must say the Buttermilk Zucchini Fries were pretty damn good! It almost tasted like a mozzarella stick because the zucchini has a melty, gooey consistency inside.  That was probably the highlight of our meal.. . For it being Vegas, I thought everything would be up a notch.  Maybe I should go to the Burger Bar here in San Francisco and compare...??....
Went back here recently and the Wagyu Burger was dry and tasteless.  For those who've ever tried real kobe or even faux-kobe know that there's a certain texture and richness of taste that comes with kobe beef!  They could have called this any special name but at the end of the day it was a bad burger.... . The first time, I just enjoyed the ambiance and the food was okay.  This time, both the service, the food and the ambiance were sub-par.. . Not the worst burger, but definitely not worth the prices they charge...
I've had better.  This place is just average.  The service was slow, the order was wrong.  The burgers are small and leave much to be desired;  and lacked flavor.  I have been to several Burger places around the country and this doesnt do it.  Burger and Beer Joint and Shake Shack in Miami are much better and better value.
Save your money. This place is not very good and not worth the high price for a burger. . . I don't mind paying more for a burger just because of a gimmick or because the place is in a nice hotel on the strip. However, I would like the food to be really good. It's barely average here. I did the create your own and it wasn't satisfying for the price. Maybe half the price. The fries taste like cardboard. Usually, I clean my fries up. I left half of them. . . Another person in my party got the sliders. They were pretty bland as well. The buffalo one was interesting. . . I feel like they have too many unique offerings and not enough made to order selections. Give the vegetarian, buffalo, Kobe beef, lobster, lamb, and other unique selections their own page or section. When you take all of those out, they really only have three made to order burgers. The classic, peppercorn and one other. .  . The Create your own features too many options and could also get expensive. Also, you risk your customer not being satisfied by a bad combination of toppings. I would also recommend they come up with a signature sauce and push it. . . They need more, interesting made to order options. Or more interactive servers that guide you through the menu. Ours was nice but not helpful. . . We got a trio of ice cream/mousse desserts that were not great either. A frozen strawberry shouldn't taste so much like a frozen strawberry. . . Don't waste your time. Go to the food court at Luxor lol...
Unbelievably Slow Service! .  . Pumpkin Martini was awesome but the food was mediocre. Wait - staff friendly but very, very S L O W and unattentive. Would not return.
Service was friendly, fast and efficient. Some were also eye-candy as the waitresses there are probably forced to wear belly exposing tank tops.. . Burgers were below average. I love burgers and was starving, but at best these burgers were not good.  The burgers needed seasoning and was not juicy.  About $20-25 for a burger is over priced, especially for bland, near tasteless food.. . Decor was generic of any typical burger joint.
Is it a crime to love a simple "charcoal grilled" smoke-laden burger... served rare to med. rare? I've done many trade shows at the Mandalay, and have eaten at BB more than a few times. The fact that I walked out each time thinking....... "Thank goodness this is a business expense and not an out-of-pocket expense..." pretty much sums it up for me. . . Why can't a "no-name" chef just set up a Weber in one of the parking lots, and crank out a great old American Cheese Burger!? Hell, I don't need fancy add-ons. Just great beef, great chedder, fresh tomato and head lettuce, fresh or carmelized onions, and I'll promise not to critique the menu prices. Chances of that happening soon? Not good I'm afraid.. . I don't want to "choose my adds." Fuddrucker's intro'd that years ago. I figure that if a burger restaurant has a great burger, they'll know better than I what options work. Give me a few finished-sandwich choices, including a Frisco Burger, and I'm good to go.
Soooooooo disappointed in Burger Bar. . . Everything was pretty standard. My friend got the Hubert Keller burger, and honestly, for all of the bells and whistles it came with (carmelized onions, bleu cheese, red wine and shallot sauce), it was pretty bland. . . I built my own burger with an egg and pancetta, and while the pancetta was perfect, my burger again, left a lot to be desired. It was just a flavorless hunk of meat, and with the thickness of the patty, it's an awful lot of blandness to process. Eating these burgers felt more like work than an enjoyable dining experience.. . We ordered the appetizer sampler with plenty of fried goodies and a five-sauce sampler, and while the sauces were great (we kept them to flavor our burgers a bit more later), the appetizers themselves tasted like they were thawed out staples that you could pick up at any grocery store. In fact, I'm pretty sure I've purchased the fried macaroni and cheese triangles that we were served at Target. . . We ordered alcoholic milkshakes as well, and again, were pretty disappointed by the flavor. Super thick, and while we both ordered different types (the french kiss and the chocolate cowboy), they both just tasted like chocolate. . . With so many awesome dining options to choose from in Vegas, Burger Bar REALLY needs to step it up.
No me gusta. No me gusta at all.. . This should be my favorite place in Las Vegas: Artisan Burgers and amazing beer both local and foreign. Even the service was grand. What went horribly wrong? There are two factors that make this place a definitive nope: one is the price of everything is out of touch with reality. Sure this is in the Mandalay Bay on the strip, but it's actually in one of those weird connector mini-malls we have so many of. This is a very nice retail passageway, but it's not actually Mandalay Bay proper. Even if it were I am sure Icould find a greater value in food virtually anywhere else in the Mandy.. . The problem isn't just the prices, which are certainly atrocious, it's just that the burgers aren't good. I had the Hubert Keller signature burger. It wasn't great. The meat wasn't particularly flavorful,  the red wine and shallots sauce was vinegary and the side of the chipolte aioli was bland and seemed old. The Buffalo was dry the previous time I came here and I chalked it up to being the nature of the meat. It's not, I've had spectacular buffalo since and much better value.. . The beer list is utter torture. It's glorious in it's depth and yet should anyone actually pay those prices they should immediately be carved into servings and fed to starving African Children. A handy strip mark-up is one thing, within reason. But charging eight times retail for a beer readily available at local gas stations almost almost makes me want to go all Reductio ad Hitlerum up in this review. I scoured the beer menu and could not find a purchase I was willing to make. I cannot remember the last time I went to a restaurant such as this and just had a soda. I actually did not purchase a beer.. . If you can afford this place go to a burger restaurant that actually has decent food. Better yet check out e by jose andres and save a few bucks.
Nice atmosphere, but the regular angus burger was nothing to write home about. Came out undercooked when ordered for "medium" and tasted bland. Fries were typical. Nothing special. Had a few drinks and the tab was $100 for 4 of us.  If you really want a great burger, take a cab over to In and Out Burger on Tropicana. You'll come out way ahead.
Ate there last night after seeing Criss Angel.  The hostess was rather rude when we asked if we could have a booth. I would have left right then but my husband was dying to try their burgers. He enjoyed it but said it was not really worth the price.  I ordered the Cobb salad. It was drenched in balsamic dressing that so over powered the meal it should have been called the vinegar salad.  Had the potential to be a great salad but wrong dressing choice and WAY too much of it!   When I asked the waitress about the dressing she rudely said..." that is how its made here",  with no offer to correct it.  I would not eat there again.
I got the salmon burger and the burger was weak. I got it medium rare with no additional toppings, but regret not adding some. The burger was regular size, the toppings that were included: onions, tomatoes, lettuce were flavorless and didn't do much to the burger once added. I used my friends aoli sauce to try to add flavor to the burger, some salt and pepper, but in the end it was still flavorless.. . The burger was $11 bucks and didn't even come with fries! weeeeakkk.. We were still hungry so we ordered their mac and cheese croquettes, which turned out hella weak too! I was imagining big chucks of mac and cheese in little balls, but they looked like triangles and the mac and cheese were the small baby kind.. . I probably wouldn't hit this spot up again.
The bf and I stopped in for lunch on a Saturday; arguably one of their busiest times. . . We were told 10 min. wait for a table for 2. 50 minutes later, we're still standing there (why? not sure...) and watching 2 tables open, 3 tables open, 5 tables open... when we were eventually seated, we counted 10 open tables!! In what crazy place do you take a list and leave 10 TABLES OPEN?!. . When we finally were seated, our waitress was sweet and the service was quick. Our food was okay. I thought the zucchini fries were a lovely addition, but there were far too many for me to consume.. . All in all? There are better places where the wait is shorter.
After a lot of the great reviews, I had much higher hopes.. . Our service was really poor. The restaurant was 85-95% full at the tables, but there were seats at the burger bar. The server was slow to get around to take our order and just didn't seem like she wanted to be there or help us.. . The zucchini fries were just okay. People were really all about them in reviews, but the breading wasn't much more than basic bar provolone stick breading. A few times the zucchini inside just slipped out leaving a sheath of uninteresting breading. Not awesome. The sweet potato fries were very good and the mac n cheese bites were good, but I seriously think it was just Kraft mac n cheese that was fried. That's not a complaint because I have a nostalgic fondness for that, and I have to say at least it was full of mac n cheese. Some fried mac n cheese I've had (like at state fairs) is mostly just breading.. . For my burger, I was very undecided. I went with the natural source beef with brie, the red wine reduction sauce, mushrooms, and carmelized onions. It was appetizing and filling, but the bottom of my bun deteriorated. I went with the plain bun; maybe others are more substantial. I ended up eating the last half of my burger with a fork. Medium is more like medium rare. This doesn't bother me, but FYI in case you expect your burgers to be more cooked through.  . . The TV in our booth was not in our control, though the server did get the staff to change it. The TV was beat up with a good 20% section of poor/damaged pixels.. . Our milkshake was the best part.. . Not the worst meal I've had, but not good enough to make me come back.
Was not impressed by anything here. We sat at the bar because of the long wait for a table, fries were decent but the burger tasted like charcoal and was expensive to boot. There are far better places to get a burger in Vegas!
Over this place was VERY disappointing.  I went in with high expectations for delicious hamburgers and left feeling unsatisfied. lets first start off with the horrible customer service.we we're sat at a table and I asked the server if we could possibly be seated at the booth he rudely  said  those we we're being saved for larger parties.  After looking around and saw that they weren't very busy I thought that wasn't right. Our waiter then disappeared when I looked around the place I notice most people we're still waiting and that multiple servers we're just standing huddled up conversations. . . All in all very disappointed!
2 stars: Meh. I've experienced better.. . Nothing is as polarizing as the simple hamburger.. . There's so many different arguments that can be made as to what makes the best burger. . . Simple and cheap at some stand that's been around since the turn of the century? Gourmet and requiring a credit application to order at a celebrity chef's latest brainchild? . And every single combination and permutation in between. . . Hubert Keller is kind of accomplished in the same way one would say Matisse was a good painter, or Larry Bird was a good shot with a basketball. . . With that kind of resume, comes a certain amount of pressure to perform. . . And that's my fundamental issue with Burger Bar.. . It's been around for a while now, and it's definitely on its way down.. . I've been here more than a few times, and after the novelty of the Rossini burger wore off, including texting pictures of the receipt to prove my street cred, and the novelty of making a few custom burgers - ooh, i can choose from different grades of meat, that are all pretty good, and don't really make a substantial difference once ground up and seasoned, to 99.97% of eaters,  this place strikes me as a big buck version of Fuddruckers that happens to have a celebrity chef endorsement. . . Seriously. Think about it. . . They both offer hamburgers with different grades of beef. . They both offer burgers with different types of meat.. They both offer customized toppings.. They both offer multiple types of fries.. They both have milkshakes and floats.. They both serve beer.. They both cost more than in & out. . . The last 2-3 times I went to Burger Bar, the service has been mediocre and delivered with absentee-level attention. . . The food has been inconsistent as well, and what kind of irked me the most recent time was that I created a spicy burger, and when I told the waitress that there weren't enough jalapeno's, she brought me a thimble sized cup with more sliced peppers, and I found an extra charge for them on my bill. . . Seriously? . . You're charging $14 bucks for a burger and you want to put another $0.85 cents on my tab because I mentioned that the burger didn't have enough jalapenos on it when it came out of the kitchen? . . Some nerve. . . There are so many other burger spots and so many other celebrity chefs in Vegas with burger spots that this place is completely irrelevant at this point. . . Unless you are here to try the Rossini on an expense account meal, don't bother.
Overly Hyped.  This place is very done and no need to go so far for a good burger anyhow.  . . Service subpar from waitress and front desk. Front desk hostess, not smiling, no greeting, no thanks for coming.  Waitress seemed in a rush to leave the place.  and again no smiling, no greeting, no thanks for coming.. . Food: overly hyped.  just all right.  breads different. blue cheese is always good on a burger.  . . There are a tons of choices in VEGAS.  No need to waste your time.  . . Skip this place. Great alternative is Strip Burger at the Fashion Mall on the other side of the strip.  Hadn't been here in awhile but they're happy hour rocked.
I was expecting something terrific and was disappointed. I ordered the Waygu burger with cheese and portabello. I asked for medium and it came med-rare (more on the rare side). Half way into my burger I bit into something that I think was a rosemary twig. It took me awhile to flag down our waitress so I asked one of the server to find her. When I asked them what is was, then mentioned that they use rosemary for the chicken breast seasoning....hmm, I ordered a $18 Waygu burger not chicken. They gave me a whopping 10% off. One of the folks I was with ordered the slider sampler. All of them- besides being tiny- were overcooked and dry. We ordered the mac-n cheese croquettes. They were good - but when they were delivered we did not have any dishes and one of us was missing silverware. Some of us had the skinny fries and some had the fat fries. They were OK.  . Overall, not impressed. Almost too many choices/toppings.
For a celebrity chef's burger restaurant it was very disappointing! Had sliders and they were poor to fair. First order arrived cold and sent it back - refire was cold too! Tasted pre made and industrial. A disappointment and I just had a simpler from the happy our menu. Glad I was out only 10 bucks for my sliders and a beer. Again, disappointing !
Not impressed with these overpriced burgers and greasy fries. Portions with the fries are extremely small, considering the price you pay for these items. BACHI BURGER wins them over and over again with taste, quality and ambiance. . . If you return to the burger bar, it must be because you are staying in the vicinity and have no other options with burgers. If you can take a cab and experience quality someplace else, do so. Don't waste your time here, unless you want to get drunk with their beer and pretend their food is great! Ja, ja!!
I have indeed been here with a friend last year and forgot to give it a rating. I had heard the big fuss about this  burger bar so i was ready for some good ol never heard of toppinigs and etc. NOW the prices are a bit much to me for a burger. While the burger was good i can think of a few places for a better cheaper burger.. IN N OUT, SmashBurger.  The drinks were good, even the shakes variety was good. Service also. BUT for the trouble it takes to get in and out of there (im a local) i have other places to get Burgers from.
i visit my parents in Nevada once in a while and I also visit the strip with friends. My dad said he would like to take me to a nice place to get a burger. I wasn't about to argue with that. We put our names down and they have a system that sends a text when they are ready to seat you. Really nice! So about 20-30 mins later I get the text and I'm raring to go. We get seated and our server seems like a nice chap. I order a beer, my dad as well and my mom a water. He returns with 3 beers and no water. Not a big deal, my dad or I will just end up drinking it anyhow. It was a simple error. They have preset burgers and they have a make your own burger with several options of meat. I don't recall what my mom got but she got the sweet potato fries on the side. I got the thin cut fries on the waiters recommendation and some pepper jack bomb things. My dad and I got the Australian Wagyu style patties. He got his medium well, he was actually going with well done, but the waiter talked him out of it. The right call in my opinion. I got mine medium rare. While waiting for food I got another beer as the first one went down quick and my dad started on the extra beer already. The food arrives and the burgers have those little plastic sticks in them that indicate how they are cooked. They reminded me of Sizzlers as a kid. We dig in. The pepper jack bombs were small nuggets of cheese battered and fried well, they weren't too gooey and had a nice bit of heat. The thin fries pretty much tasted like pretty generic thin cut fries from anywhere. The sweet potato fries had a crispy seasoned coating and weren't bad. Now, I didn't get around to asking my parents how their food was. They seemed to like what they got, but I was treating my parents and they are the type to not complain in the case. Here's where things started to get disappointing. Our waiter just seemed to up and vanish. I'm not totally sure, but it seemed he never returned after dropping the food off. I cut my burger in two before starting on it. My burger nearly mooed out load as my blade fell. The patty was extremely rare, but somehow one side was cooked slightly more than the other. That half I ate, and honestly nothing about that burger was memorable or had any distinct taste. We were more than done and our waiter had still not checked on us. I ended up asking a busboy to get him for us. I pointed out the burger and he agreed that it was undercooked. The host/manager came by and told us he removed it from the check. The place may deserve a second chance, but based on the experience and the dizzying variety of other places to try in the area I don't think I will give it one.
I've expected more from this burger joint. I always have to compare it with in-n-out. IN-N-OUT hands down. For the price and taste in-n-out all day long
Overpriced and overhyped.
OVERRATED.. . Can I just leave the review with that one word?  We visited Burger Bar because it was in the concourse that connected our hotel to the Luxor, so it was convenient.  A friend of mine also spoke very highly of their food, so off we went.. . The menu is much like Kuma's, but the quality of the food is much lower.  Maybe I've been spoiled here in Chicago, but we have a LOT of good burgers and burger restaurants.  Especially ones that make 'signature' or 'specialty' burgers.  That said, nothing at Burger Bar was particularly interesting or novel to me.. . The food was good, don't get me wrong.  It's not like everything tasted gross.  I just think that the reputation of this place is more a myth since this place is just a burger restaurant.  . . The food is (duh) overpriced since this is inside a Vegas casino mall.  The drinks were decent and apparently the booze shakes were excellent.  Order one of those and tell me what you think.  . . I'd rather enjoy the buffet at my hotel next time since it's cheaper and offers a larger selection of various foods.  Meh.
The Skinny: quote the hubs - "You can get this same s*(t for half the price at a hospital cafeteria or the frozen food aisle at Walmart. Frankly, Hubert Keller should be ashamed to serve such swill." (2) sticky seats, slow service at the bar (2) value: skip this joint and head toFive Guys or In and Out - way better in terms of quality, cleanliness and value. (2). . We went here for happy hour on a weekday and it was as boisterous and loud as if it were a weekend. This place is pretty hopping and there were a crowd of people waiting to be seated.. . Luckily, we only wanted to try the happy hour so we were able to walk through and find a small space at the end of the bar to settle ourselves in. Another gentleman told us - "just grab a chair... that's what I did". So we did precisely that. Unfortunately, the seat that I stole was inherently sticky from some unknown substance which kind of increased the "ew" factor. In addition to this, it took a long while to get menus or heck! even get anyone to acknowledge our presence.. . We ordered their buffalo wings, chicken strips, plate of 3 sliders and their wedge salad.. . Their buffalo wings had a nice texture however it was nothing special to me. The seasoning of the wings was a standard hot sauce just like what you can get anywhere else. The dressing it was served with lack any sort of distinctive flavor - if you can't tell if it's ranch or blue cheese that's pretty freaking bad. . . The chicken strips had a heavy slightly salty breading that tasted like what you'd get at any average cafeteria. Same goes for the fries.. . The wedge salad was kind of disappointment because the tomatoes were on the mealy side. Yuck!. . Finally their sliders. It was rather unfortunate that their meat is inadequately seasoned which ruined it all for me.. . All in all, the food here is edible but hardly more than that. Given Hubert Keller's reputation, it should be way better than this. Factor in the cost...this place is a 2 star in my book.
Went on a Thursday night and were told 15mins for a table of five, we walked away grabbed a drink elsewhere and came back. Were told they are just waiting fora table large enough to fit us. No problem, seated soon after that.. The music got a little repetitive, like it sounded as if one song was stuck on repeat. The burger came out cooked exactly like I asked to medium rare. Had foie gras on it and thick cut fries with aioli. Great taste, great bun. A friend at the table got the "truffle sauce" and it was more like a broth that they drizzled truffle oil into 5 hours ago. No truffle taste what so ever. Ive had better burgers, but this was one of the few times it actually came out perfectly to the temp ordered by everyone at the table! . The server sighed as we asked him to pay the check with 3 cards as if pressing the button to split on the POS system and having to swipe not one but 3 cards was some painful process. Love to see him when the POS system goes down and he actually has to go old school on the knuckle busters and have to actually write out totals. Sorry to be so difficult. . On the way out we couldnt even get the 3 hostess to look up and acknowledge we were leaving and say good bye or thank you. The bussers dont care about the right of way either twice we were nearly run over as we were walking out and it wasnt like they were doing 700 covers that night. Overall the food was way better then expected but the service needs some serious work and improvement. Would go back again and just sit at the bar.
My bad for ordering the Grilled Shrimp Salad ($13) at a burger-focused restaurant. That said, it was still disgusting. 5 well-grilled and butterflied shrimp lay on a bed of completely plain mixed greens (no onions, tomatoes, vinaigrette, nada) topped with olive oil and red bell peppers/zucchini strips that had been cooked to death at one point and then set aside long enough to become slimy. It felt like I was hunting for worms in a lettuce patch. Never again. I left at least 60% of the salad for the garbage.. . Bloody marys ($12) are a 5-star affair, if you're looking for a drink while you're there. Good tomato-to-spiciness ratio, and comes with cheese-stuffed olives. Yum!. . I'd definitely give this place another go, sticking solely with a BURGER next time. My friend had the Hubert Keller ($21) and after the first bite said he jizzed himself. Seems promising. Til' then, cheers!
Disappointing.  I have been wanting to try this place since I first moved to Vegas several years ago.  If a burger is truly outstanding, then I would be OK spending $30 for it.  I know it is possible, I have had great burgers before, but this fell quite short.. Service was friendly and attentive, though they seemed to be in a hurry for us to leave, though the tables were half empty and it was midday.. I opted for the Dry Aged Angus, which was a slightly more expensive option.  I chose cheese, caramelized onions and the red wine reduction with shallots.  I was surprised to find the burger to be quite under-seasoned.  The burger itself was good, but was missing that charred beef flavor your get from a great burger.  Though it wasn't dry, it wasn't juicy, either.  I would have expected a beef mix with enough fat to have flavor and keep it from being dry.. The skinny fried were OK.
By now, you all know about my ongoing love and search for, the perfect turkey burger. I've had many delicious ones in my day and when I arrived in Vegas and saw the Burger Bar sign, I thought I hit the jackpot. The wait was long, but the bar was open, so we took advantage. I had a really good pear ale to start while I looked over the menu. Burger Bar offers a build-your-own burger type of menu. One has the option of choosing from a variety of meats (including the most important one; TURKEY), types of bread, condiments, cheeses, and other toppings. I had a turkey burger with bacon, cheddar, bbq sauce, spinach, and tomatoes. It was a combination of all the things I hold dear on a burger. My taste buds and I were very excited, but I was slightly let down by my food. The toppings were good, but the turkey was dry - really dry. The french fries were ok, but not amazing. Meh, next time I am in Vegas, I will probably bypass Burger Bar. I paid a whole lot of Vegas money for a mediocre meal. It left my stomach sad.
Burger Bar, I really really REALLY wanted to like you. I was so thrilled to be taking a long walk in heels, across a casino, while starving- that's how hyped up I was. Well maybe I should have not set such high expectations and I wouldn't have been so let down. . Decor, great, loved it. Comfy booths with individual tvs at your table. Awesome. Cute, friendly waitresses. Cool. I am sure she had nothing to do with the 50 minute wait to get my burger. Really. . We were vanished so it didn't take long to decide. My other half went with the hangover burger. I went with the do-it-yourself style. I included cheddar, grilled peppers and onions, homemade mustard (YUM) and spicy ketchup. I could tell the quality of meat was there on the burgers. This was no frozen pre made burger. All the ingredients were fresh. But NOTHING stood out to make my burger $19.75. We also got a milkshake and some cheese shots. (deep fried pepperjack) Our tab came to over $60!! for burgers that were just OK that we waited almost an hour on.. No thanks, never again. Move along. . I don't mind paying extra for it all, service, food, atmosphere, ambiance. . But all of it was simply mediocre.  Waste of time, heels, money, and hunger. . NEXT!
This place has decent burgers, but it's definitely something you can skip. That being said, it reminds me of fancier Red Robin.
Very disappointed with my recent visit.  This place has gone downhill since my last visit. I visited this place when it first opened decided to go during our LV vacation.  . . Food: 2, sliders were dry, nothing like what is shown on hotel tv.  Kobe burgers were average at best.. Service: 2, got my salmon burger order completely wrong, probably gave me someone else's order.. Ambience: 3 average, best part was the free photos at the entrance, nice touch.. . Probably not going back, sorry Hubert.
Not worth the price. Kobe beef should be seasoned better. Prices are too high and the service is average
Why does this place have so many good reviews. The service was slow and not a lot of people were in there for a Saturday night and the burgers were pretty dry and plain. Nothing special at all.
I was not impressed at all...I got the slider sampler...had the opportunity to try the buffalo burger, natural fed, and angus need burgers. Burgers were prob decent, but the bread was sub-par, if not just plain awful. A part of a great burger is the bread, and Burger missed the boat on that one! Fries...nothing to brag about...I would maybe try again, but there are so many options here, maybe not!
I've been waiting a long time to go here and now that I have, I was let down. I ordered the buffalo burger with custom toppings, included truffled mayo. I couldn't have imagined the burger would be so bland. That's because Burger Bar committed the number one food crime: not properly seasoning the food. When I tasted the burger meat alone, it didn't have salt and pepper. It's certainly not what I would have expected when I paid $30 for a burger, and surely not up to the standards of Chef Hubert Keller. This is his place after all. It wasn't a bad burger, but it was a disappointment, and quite frankly, I've had way better burgers on the strip.
The beers are good.  Avoid the Veggie Burger, it is mushy and bland.
My family and I were here last Christmas and we were highly disappointed in our burgers. The only one in our group that liked the food was my mother...and she did NOT order a burger!! She had wings! So that says a lot. lol . . The rest of us agreed that our burgers were bland and tasteless and just not good. I've had way better burgers at Five Guys or IN N' Out or Astro Burger.  Very disappointed!
This was great back in the day, its lost some of it's touch...OK for a quick fix...
Food was great but the service was awful. We never even got refills on our drinks when we asked numerous times. Burger was the best part of the experience.
Eh! This place looks promising after looking at reviews and the menu, but don't be fooled it's not great!  . . We started by ordering the fries sampler with zucchini, Mac n cheese and pepper jack shots (just fried cheese). This was delicious!' Then we ordered burgers and shakes and beer. The burgers didn't come out as ordered and at the end we were charged for everything we ordered that wasn't on the burger. The burgers took a while. The shake and beer we ordered with our appetizers didn't come out until halfway through the burgers! We also had to remind her twice about them!!  . . The burgers weren't very good. The pepper bacon was sweet... Shouldn't be! The burger meat was mealy. I would only go back for the shake (Nutella with Godiva chocolate liqueur) and the pepper jack cheese shots. Don't go in with high expectations!
I have been dying to eat at Burger. Great atmosphere. Overall, not that good. Loved all the extras you could add, for a fee of course, but the meat itself was bland, bland, bland. I was so disappointed because we waited almost an hr & a half because they were so busy. My hubby said the same about his burger. Absolutely no taste other than the extras. We probably will not be making a trip to Burger Bar anytime soon!!!
A wonderful place off the strip that you can skip.  Ok portions but bad service.  Wait staff complained about things that had nothing to do with our dinner. The food is overpriced, undersized for Italian cooking.  We were interested in going because they advertised excellent food and fix your computer at the same time.  Wow gives a new meaning to the word bite.. We thought that this was a cute idea, but after eating there it seemed that the computer thing in order to bring in money because he is hurting.   There are many great eateries in this neighborhood and people should take the opportunity to try the different restaurants, just not this one.
Odd, actually. One server and one bus person running like mad. Three servers standing in the back talking the entire time. Thought strange enough to clock the time from ordering a draft beer and 10 minutes later reminding them to please bring the draft beer. Burgers were good, not great. Never did get a water refill. Won't be going back. Too many other good places to eat nearby. Disappointing and slow slow slow.
