I had heard so much over the years about Red Rock Casino, I was really excited to finally get there. When I arrived it reminded me of the Riverwalk in Rancho Mirage. It had that Palm Springs Vibe but I was way disappointed when I walked in. The place looked like it was nice when it first opened but it looks rundown. I went there for the Feast Buffet because I was told it was BOMB, but the BOMB was a DUD! There wasn't much of a selection and what was there was bland. The meat carving station had the toughest brisket I've ever had. I was so disappointed I thought maybe I could cheer myself up by hitting the tables. The casino was a little small. It was about the size of the Hustler Casino in Gardena, CA. Not a lot of tables but a lot of nickel machines; totally not my scene. Unless they had a killer deal on a room, I probably won't go back.  I'll mark this casino as "been there, done that".
I was heading to Vegas with my wife and 3 kids and needed a place off the Strip that was as kid friendly as possible. The Red Rock looked to fit this description. They have a movie theatre, bowling alley, big pool area, and a Kid's Club play place. The rate of $109 a night was reasonable although with the resort fee it ends up being $170 per night. . . The room was OK. It was actually not clean as the bathtub had hair in it and the floor was kind of dirty. And as another review said, you can hear every door slam when a neighbor opens or closes their door. Every time.. . The bowling alley was booked for a tournament all weekend and had no availability. The pool area was nice but the pool water was actually freezing. Even in 100 degree weather it was too cold to swim in. You'd think I was kidding but imagine 200 people sitting by the pool and only 4 people in it. . . The biggest issue was when the couple next door decided to blast techno music at 3 a.m. and start doing the nasty. The walls are paper thin. I'm not blaming the hotel for their behavior - it happens. However, it took 45 minutes and 2 calls to security to fix this issue. Not good enough.. . The buffet is low priced and not bad for the money. I'd stay away from their mexican restaurant as it was nothing special.. . I did like the Kid's Club as my kids didn't want to leave there on the 3 times that they went. Room service was excellent, both the service and the food.. . I was not impressed with the attitude of the front desk staff. In light of what happened with the couple next door, we switched rooms the next day. That only took 2 visits to the front desk, 8 hours, and 3 phone calls.. . I wrote to the Red Rock and brought these issues to their attention. I figured they would want to know about certain things, such as the pool temperature, the front desk attitude, the slow security, and the untidy room. They did respond to my email - with a form letter. Thanks for the offer of 1 free night, from Sunday through Thursday. You can bet I will never be redeeming that offer.
I'd prefer to give this resort a 2.5 stars, which means it's nicer than MEH but not A-OK.  A 2.5 would be ALRIGHT ENOUGH.. . To be fair:  I didn't stay here but visited.  And so to be truly fair, I'll presume the rooms are quite nice and the hotel staff good.  What I'm reviewing is the prices of rooms, the resort's location off the strip, and the casino floor and restaurants.. . This place looks like a Mirage from a distance, which was impressive.  Inside it's nice and new and impressive too.  See enough casinos and you see the same types of restaurants:  buffet, steak house, japanese fusion, etcetera.. . So it's a player.  With enough peeps gambling to erase the illusion you're in the middle of nowhere -- which is JUST where you are.  So the simple question becomes --. . -- why leave the strip to stay here.  Red Rock's answer?  Ditch the craziness of the strip.  Umm... that's not good enough an answer.  Not for the room rates.  Like the M hotel in a similar part of East Jesus Nevada, the rates are astonishingly HIGH.. . Why the Flamingo would I pay $35 more a night than the Mirage to stay here?  Red Rock can tell you how much nicer they are until the cows come home, but when I get sick of my favorite resort (The Mirage) I can walk to Caesars, The Venetian, slip over to TI and the Fashion Mall -- just for starters.. . You know what would flip this review upside down?  If Red Rock offered an affordable resort instead.  If it was $79 a night without their $25 resort fee, they'd have people like me eating breakfast there, having a last drink there, and spending the rest of my days on the strip.  Otherwise --. . -- I see absolutely no point to staying here.
My boyfriend and I booked to stay at Red Rock for 2 nights over Valentine's Day because of the close proximity to my workplace. Upon check-in, I was disappointed when the lady at the front desk informed me that the king bed we booked online was unavailable and they only had rooms with 2 queens left. She said they can't guarantee rooms will be available and it's first-come first-serve. Huh?! . . Front desk lady offered that I can upgrade to a king suite for a "discounted" extra $50 a night which I reluctantly accepted. I've never stayed at this hotel before and have only been at the casino to check out restaurants or go for happy hour. I've heard good things about the hotel so I was really surprised and annoyed when I discovered that my room was in the farthest end of the hallway of almost 60 rooms per floor, which makes for the longest walk to get to any hotel room, in my experience. I was cursing whoever designed this elevator/room layout as I was making the long trek to the room. . . Ah, the room. It was definitely spacious. So spacious that it appeared all the furniture was pushed towards the window, leaving a dance-floor-sized empty space between the bed and bathroom. If this was their handicap-accessible room, they have succeeded in the fact that you could park a dozen wheelchairs in this space. I assessed the room and decided it was not worth paying an extra $50 per night. It was essentially the regular king-size room furniture thrown into a large space. . . I was now highly annoyed when I called the front desk and the same lady answered. She was nice enough to move us back to the 2-queen bedroom. But before that, she actually offered to lower the luxury king price from $50 extra/night to $35. Seriously? She was trying to haggle with me? This made me realize that she could've probably just given us the crappy king-size room at no extra charge in the first place. So chintzy. This kind of service does not deserve the 4-diamond award.
Well looked good.  Was told by many that the hotel was very nice.   It could be Clean yes. But 85 bucks for dinner. Lame IT , could not get VPN and wireless sucked   and  TV in room did not work. No offer for comp just. Sorry for that. Not what a business traveler needs ... Great your 25 and looking to party   But 12 bucks for a Johnny red scotch ! Wow...    Marriott or Hilton here I come.
We went for a silly night of Bingo, Bowling, and drinks.. our first stop, bingo, was no good at all.  We were very sober at this time, yet the staff abrasively told us this was a 'quiet game'  that people 'had to concentrate' and we were discouraged from talking or laughing.  Really?  Not many things are as simple as bingo, no strategy whatsoever.  The week before a group of 5 of us had a great, fun, and a bit rowdy time playing bingo at Texas station, and the staff LOVED us!  After our warning, the staff kept hovering over us and giving us snide looks.. So, we cut our bingo night short and headed to a local bar where we could enjoy each other's company.. After drinks, we came back and enjoyed bowling and a fantastic happy hour at YardHouse (they have vegetarian wings!). Likely I will enjoy Bingo time at Texas station and YardHouse at Town Square.  The way the Bingo staff treated us just ruined our whole Red Rock experience.
Stayed here recently for a conference. Check-in took forever. Nearly every person in line had a problem, everything from inaccurate quotes from the website, to unexpected room charges to who knows what.. . The rooms are nice, full-wall windows, and bathrooms are absolutely huge. Though not that soundproofed, I could hear all sorts of activity from the hallway.. . For a resort/spa hotel I really expected them to filter the water. Vegas is a desert and  the water here is overly chlorinated, which means it's not that refreshing and very drying to the skin, which only exacerbates the dryness of the desert.. . The food was good and the buffet is a great deal, except for the overpriced Sunday brunch.. . The casino area is nice, though it could use some more smoke-eaters and again, there's the smell of chlorine from the waterworks.. . The acoustics aren't the best, the sound gets totally lost in the registration area. And the wind literally howls through the complex, especially noticable in the meeting rooms with patios, the wind forcing through gaps in the glass doors.. . If you do book a conference here be very aware that nearly anything you'd want is an extra charge, and often ridiculously so (ie $2000/day for wifi per room).. . You can do just about everything here, see a movie, gamble, go bowling, work out, eat at a variety of restaurants. A nice place if you can get a deal on a room, but IMO not worth the full price.
This resort is very nice and it caters primarily to locals. It is not near the Strip by any stretch of the imagination, you will need to rent a car and drive about 30-45 minutes depending on traffic to enjoy sin city. The rooms were stuffy, poor ventilation system might be cause. If you don't mind living far from the Strip, this place might be for you. I stayed here while attending a seminar after spending a couple of days on the Strip, and drove to the Strip nightly to enjoy shows and food. If you want to stay on the Strip, this is NOT the hotel you should choose. . . However, it was very friendly to families, except the Casino environment with smokers all over the place. The pool was large and family friendly as well. The check-in was a nightmare, long lines with only few staff working on a Friday afternoon, are you kidding me? The Wi-Fi was the worst I have experienced, only 1.5 MB for free, but you can buy 10MB for $17.99 which is a ripoff. Unlike vast majority of hotels on the Strip, Red Rock expects you to spend $5 to access their business center and print up to 2 boarding passes. Well, I could print as many boarding passes I needed for free at Bellagio, Monte Carlo, and other large chains. Why charge me $5? Will I stay here, I am still thinking about it....
***This is reference their Outdoor Amphitheater***. . We just visited this property for the first time to watch the Def Leppard/Poison concert. We're locals and see a lot of shows here in Las Vegas. . Let me say what a horrible venue for a show! While there's nothing better than a concert under the stars with great weather, this venue is squashed out back between the pool area and a building. Because there's not much room, the majority seating area is bleacher seating the go straight up. The bleachers are typical aluminum, no backs and absolutely no leg room. Everyone was damn near on top of each other, knees in each others backs and constantly apologizing for bumping into each other. The floor seating was actual chairs which also leads to the sound. Unless you were facing center stage near the floor, the sound was bad. . Lines for the bathroom and concession area were also a disaster. Since the area is small, there was no real order to where lines were, people were cutting in front of each other and took forever to get a drink. . I will try to avoid watching another show here in the future. Not worth the headache and discomfort.
Our stay at the Red Rock was like a misadventure in a beautiful hotel that contained a staff not knowing anything about the hospitality and service industry, or caring how to treat their guests.  This is going to be a lengthy review, because there is so much to discuss.. . PROS:. The resort is very beautiful and the design elements are nice.  The hotel is very modern and elegant.  The rooms are decorated beautifully.  The beds are extremely comfortable.  Each room must have really good noise proofing, because we never heard noises in the hallway.  The pool is beautiful.  The Spa is awesome.  Best massage I ever had.  Nice facility with a lot of amenities.  Went to a few of the restaurants and never had a bad meal.  The food was pretty reasonably priced and quite good.. . CONS:. The service here was the worst I have ever experienced.  EVER.  I have never had such a bizarre experience before.  I'm going to break it down to most of the instances.. 1. Upon checking in, around 12:30am, I went up to my room, which is one of the farthest rooms away.  Once in the room, I was hit with the immediate smell of spoiled milk.  It was like a baby vomited in the room somewhere, and it was never cleaned up.  So I called the front desk and they offered to send the maid up.  I said, I don't think spraying down the room with some floral spray is going to take care of the putrid smell.  The lady at the front desk then said, "well it's Febreeze and it's not a floral scent."  I mean REALLY lady?!  She should have immediately apologized and offered to change my room.  Instead, I had to ask multiple times just to get it changed.  Then, I was told the bellman would come up with my new keys.  After waiting about 25 minutes, I called back down.  Then was told the bellman was on the way.  I waited another 20 minutes, and the bellman called saying he was just notified I needed a bellman and did I need him to come up?  He finally came up and moved my room. . 2. We were at a conference with hundreds of other people.  We heard from multiple people that they were getting a late check out.  When we tried to get a late check out, we were told it was $25 for each extra hour.  When we told the front desk that we confirmed with multiple people that they weren't getting charged, they asked us to provide their room numbers so they could corroborate our story.  They were treating us like low-life liars.. 3. With the exception of one waitress by the pool, the rest were terrible.  A whole row of us were waiting for a waitress to come around and after 45 minutes, we finally got one's attention.  I asked for an unsweetened iced tea with sweet n low.  After 40 minutes, she finally came back with it.  With no sweet n low.  When I asked for it, she said, "Well I am really busy right now.  You can go up to the bar and get it yourself."  I'm sorry.  But wasn't I just paying YOU to get it for ME?  That's what the job of a waitress is.  It was so rude; I didn't even know what to say.. 4. I had to call the concierge because I had a simple question and was put on hold for about 8 minutes.  I finally gave up and called back.  Someone immediately answered and I said that I had been on hold for so long to which she said, "well I am here now so do you have a question?"  Are all the people at this hotel missing a chip or something?  You work in the SERVICE industry.  Stop being so rude to paying guests.. 5. On our fifth and final day, we went to the pool we two pool bags.  The security guard at the entrance asked to see inside our bags and I gladly opened it.  I had a sealed water bottle on top.  He said I wasn't allowed to bring it and pointed to the no food or drink sign.  I stated that I have been bringing a bottle of water to the pool for 5 days now.  And he said, well not anymore.  At this point, I had it with the rude service.  Then, walking up the path from the pool was a young woman with a Starbucks drink.  So I pointed it out to the guard and he said that Starbucks is the exception.  Are you KIDDING ME?  I asked him to show me the fine print on the sign where it says that and he clearly couldn't.  So that young lady apparently worked at the hotel and it was her off day because he called her over and asked her to explain to me why she was allowed to have Starbucks by the pool.  She said I am not dealing with this crap and walked away.  So I guess if you work at the hotel, you can get away with anything.  This guy was so rude and nasty. . . In five days, we managed to have enough terrible service to last us a lifetime.  We really wanted to like this hotel because it's really beautiful but everyone working here seems to be missing brain cells and needs a huge lesson in service and hospitality.  For a hotel that's so far away from the strip, you would think they would be catering to guests even more and not making them feel like an inconvenience.  I hate this hotel.  Take my advice and avoid this resort at all costs.
Stayed there is 2 years ago and would have easily given it 5 stars.  Stayed there July 2012 and things have changed.  We stayed on the strip for 2 days before we move out here for 4 days, so got a pretty good feel for the place, the restaurants, pool, casino etc.  . . Pros:  Nicely designed hotel, casino, and pool.  Rooms were clean and beds were comfortable.   Plenty of places to eat and choices.   The maid, bell hops, wait staff in the restaurants, and Kelly the bartender were friendly, helpful and very nice.  If you get a players card, you get a great deal at the buffet.  Didn't win at the Roulette table, but the person running it was knowledgeable, nice and seemed like he enjoy his job.  He was also very patient with some new to the game players that were at the table.  Enjoyed hanging out by the pool, which is clean, and well designed.  Drinks are expensive but I expect that.  . . Cons:  The front desk staff, and group running the confrence center acted like every request was a anoyance and inconvience.  The few times I had to deal with them, it made me not want to stay there again. . . Apperantly the staff when they are off duty hang out there a lot.  There was a pair in the bar one day that were talking about working there and were absolutly trashed, and yelling at the bartender to bring them drinks.  If you work there and are drunk you probably shouldn't talk about working there.  . . Your room door tends to rattle, when other doors close to yours shut.  I had to put a magazine between the door and jam to prevent this.   . . We were woke up more times in the middle of the night here, than when we stayed on the strip, by drunks stumbling up and down the hallway yelling at night and early am.  (Had a friend staying on a different floor and a drunk started banging on their door around 4 am challenging everyone to a fight).  I would expect this staying down on Fremont Street but not at a place like this.  . . Pit Bosses didn't run the tables very well.  I walked in around 10 am on a Thrusday and found an empty $5 blackjack table, I sat down and was soon followed by 2 others.  After we played 3 hands the pit boss came over and up'd the table to $15.   The other people left, I played a couple more hands and then left.  Way to clear out the table.   The lady running the black jack table, mumbled and seemed like she wanted to be anywhere but where she was.  About the only good part was that anoying me made me walk away and I walked away ahead.   . . I think the smoke eaters in the casino are getting a little worn out, seemed to be smokier than some of the other casinos we visited.. . The Cherry Club is fun to hang out in, but I couldn't believe how loud they had the speakers going outside in the courtyard by the pool.  I thought they must have really good windows in the hotel for the guests not to hear it.  When we left the club around 1 am and went back to our room we could still hear the base and we were on the 18th floor at the other end of the hotel.  Couldn't imagine what it was like closer to the club.  . . Some female manager of the pool area came out and yelled at a couple waitresses that were standing around talking.  If your going to repremand your employess do it in private and not infront of customers.  . . This place could be nice again if it was ran better, I don't know what has changed in the last 2 years but it definately wasn't a change for the better.   If things keep going this way in a couple years they will drop the "resort' from the name and you will be able to book a room here on priceline for $15 a night.
I would actually give the hotel and spa a higher rating but their location and lack of accomodating guests to get to/from the strip lowered their rating. Location is HORRIBLE. $55 cab ride into town AND they only have one shuttle bus. Terrible strategy. They should have mutiple buses -- one for the airport and one for downtown and they should run every hour. Nice hotel though. Beds were very comfortable, rates are good, etc. We only stayed there because of a conference and if we had to stay again we would rent a car.. . Oh, also, they make you sign up for their shuttles 30 minutes before so you have to go down to the lobby 30 minutes before you want to leave -- poor planning.. . Also, we found a nice Yelp review of the lobby bar and were looking forward to "hanging out there". It is very nice BUT no one served us and it didn't open until 4:00. What? Yes, we were sitting near the bartender where he was just standing looking at us. He didn't even walk over to see if we wanted something to drink. Horrible service.
I haven't experienced any customer service yet. We arrived prior to our check in and was informed by the valet staff that we could check in immediately. After unloading all of our luggage in the 30 cold, we went to check in. We were then informed by the front desk that an early check in was not possible. This left us frustrated that we were originally told an early check in was possible. We had to load all of our luggage back into our car and leave for a few hours. While roaming the facility with my boyfriend, we were pleased at the appearance and maintenance. We found a restaurant in the casino called the grand cafe. Nice set up and limited menu. The service was very very slow. Our waiter was very non-challant and in no hurry to take our order. We waited for 20you minutes to take order and another 20 to get the food. To sum up our visit so far, I would say this resort has lackluster customer service but has a great outward appearance with great upkeep.
It's a sad day when I have to give this place I was once adored, 2 (+1/2) stars. I used to dream of staying here.... I stayed one summer weekend a couple of years ago and was in complete bliss... But, times have changed for the RR... They need a facelift of staff and decor. I love the modern look. Seriously, I wish my house looked like the red rock inside. However, the upkeep must not be good because it's now dingy and icky. I started my stay on the wrong foot when we walked into the check in area, and there was no staff person in sight to check us in. There was a concierge standing at his post twiddling his thumbs, and saw us there, but didn't offer to call anyone to the front desk. After 10 min of waiting, I walked over to him and asked that he make a call to have someone appear... We arrived in our room to it being only half made up from the last person. There was no new soap to wash our hands, and the bathroom was... Gross. The spa was nice, as I remembered, but the grout around the wet areas like in the showers, steam room, and spa was mildewed and grimy... Not what you would expect from them. And may I suggest... Cranberry infused sparkling water and cucumber lemon water in the spa lounge? That's how I fell in love with the spa at the M resort. Just saying... But then again, they also had Moroccan Oil products in their showers, everything was spick and span, and the ladies who worked in their spa were sweet and attentive. Again, just saying. :)
You do NOT love locals! It's Tuesday and my friend and I drove 20 minutes to enjoy the pool and were denied. Extra disappointing because I came by last week and asked the security on that day if we were welcome without a room key. I was told it was based on availability so I came on what I thought was the least busy day. We would've spent money on food and drinks and now we're off to tell all our friends to take their bikini clad business elsewhere. Epic fail.
I've stayed at almost every hotel on the strip and this place does not compare at all!  . . Pros: quiet room, nice pool area, clean, good security.. Cons: Where to start? Extra 20 minute drive from the strip.  Then had to wait 1 1/2 hours to check in to my reserved room.  When I asked to see a manager, I was told they would call him over.  He never showed up!  Then I asked again and was told he was busy.  Desk person had a horrible attitude and refused to upgrade or reduce the price of the room due to having to wait.  I was told that a reservation did not mean we could check in on time.  She did offer to let us go to the pool area to wait......100 degrees and we are in regular clothes?  How thoughtful! . . We finally get our room and they gave us a room with two twin beds when I booked a room with a queen bed?  Pool security goes through your bags prior to entering the pool area.........why?  You can't bring any food or drinks either or the goons confiscate it.  Again, no reasonable explanation given.  Oh, and the pool/spa area closes at 7 PM and you promptly get run out.  Why?  7 PM, isn't that when you want to relax in a jacuzzi?  Simply ABSURD!!!!!  The buffet is about the same caliber as "HomeTown Buffet" nothing close to meeting the standards of a 4 diamond hotel on the strip.       . . Stay away from this place.
The good:  Hotel itself is great.  Room had a nice tub and shower, dual sinks, large flat screen. There is a smaller tv screen by the tub, which was great as I did an epsom salt bath after hiking in Zion.  The casino is connected to many restaurants, including Yard House, and also has a bowling alley, arcade, movie theater.  The pool is also very nice with one large main pool and many smaller ones.  Feast buffet is large, but average food (can't expect much from paying 8.99). . The not-so-good:. - Located on the western edge of town, 30-minute drive from the strip.  Shuttles are offered to the Fashion Mall, but the last ride back is at 10pm..  . - The girl who checked us in was cordial, but very robotic and dead in the eyes..   . - I had just come from 3 days of camping in Zion, so I went straight to the showers.  The strength of the water was very weak and I also noticed that the water was not draining. To prevent flooding, I jumped out and called the desk to either change rooms or have maintenance come fix it.  . . - I checked the billing account before checkout and noticed 3 charges from the minibar that we did not utilize.  The minibar tender came up and stated that there have been problems with the computers.  After a few exchanges with the desk and the tender, we finally got the charges reversed.  Turns out that the housekeeper did not restock the missing items taken by the previous occupants, which relayed the charges to my account. . . - I checked out at the front desk with Assistant Manager Kirsten J., stated my dissatisfaction with the stay, and asked her to waive the resort fee.  She said no.  I asked if I could receive some sort of credit.  She said no.  I felt that she was trying to finish the transaction as fast as she could to avoid listening to my concerns.  One flat apology and a business card is all I got. . . I had high hopes for this hotel.  The amenities are great, but the hiccups in my stay and lack of service from the assistant manager left an unsavory impression.
Not a good experience. No TV in room and spent 3 hours with engineers trying to get it fixed. No luck. Next day they said cable co. would be out to fix it. Spent another two hours with engineers.  Finally fixed at 10pm. So no TV for almost our whole stay and hotel refused to move us to another room. Said best they could do is give us 30 dollars food credit. Then to make things worse we went to use the pool and it was closed for a private party. What a disaster. Place is way to expensive to be treated like that.
we decided to go to vegas with the kids and hit the red rock! unfortuanately, the food was terrible. we ate the hachi one night and LBS another, both times we found hair in the food. the food court ended up the best. wifi was terrible!!!...the pool was great and we used the hard cabanas which were great. but the food was less than good and the casino with poor ventilation. no where to go with kids other than bowling and only one movie that was PG...so not optimal with younger children. we did get a suite with connecting room and it was large and comfortable. but that doesn't make up for the terrible food.
I'm from Vegas, so pardon me if I am not as excited about this place as a tourist would be.  First, the place is nowhere near the strip, yet they charge a "resort fee"...  really?  Who are they kidding.  They are a neighborhood casino.  . . Charging it is one thing, but when you book telephonically, they should TELL you about this.  Next, they charge a huge deposit on your credit card that isn't refunded for days  after your stay.  This is in case you use items in the "mini bar"....which isn't--it's pepsis in your fridge at four dollars a pop.  Of course, because you have this, you have no fridge.  If you call down to get one that is "available" according to the info in the room, they let you know this will be $15 a night.  I am not paying $15 per night for something found in every Motel 6.  There is also no microwave available.. . With the prices that they charge for these rooms, you'd think you would get at least four towels.  Most women like to use a towel for their hair and one for their bodies, right?  Nope.  You get two towels.  When we arrived, there were no robes, though there were notes letting us know if the robes were missing we'd be charged.  Now, if we never had them....  but I digress.. . The pool closes at 8, it's Las Vegas and it's 112 at 3 am, but you can't swim.  The eggs benedict from room service had zero flavor, and a chunk of ham that was dinner sized--way overwhelming the rest of the dish.  The english muffin portion was soggy wet.  I've never had worst eggs benedict.  . . Registration is in the oddest spot, nearly in a basement behind a bar.  It took me forever to find it.. . This hotel doesn't fit any of the things it is trying to be --if it is a neighborhood casino/hotel, it should be inexpensive dining and stay for friends, but it is outrageous.  If it is a "resort" it should have amazing service, food and amenities, but it doesn't.  It is simply awkward.
So had to go here for business- pros: They have large areas for many people to meet in. Cons: First off I have allergies to cleaning products - the carpet smells like bleach throughout the halls and rooms! I heard other guest walking the hallways complaining of this as well. I had allergic reactions the whole stay here! The food (SUCKS!) The casino itself is so depressing! They do have a Cinema complex (helped hide me from the casino sadness!) I would go here only for the space, never ever for anything else!
Recently had a disappointing visit in Vegas at the Red Rock.. . I have been here over a dozen times, andgenerally would have considered it one of my favorite getaways.  Some things have left a bad taste in my mouth in my last two visits.  . . Its off-strip, so a 30 minute drive to get to the "action" but that has never bothered me.  Its a little more staid and sedate, and mature and upscale, which I have found to be worth it.  Generally the food there is good, and the restaurants are quite nice.  The food court, bowling alley and movie theater make up for it not being on the strip.. . A couple observations from my two most recent trips this summer.. . 1)  Comps - they are comping at a rate of about 1/2 to 1/3 what they were a couple years ago.  Its quite stunning.  What drew me here in the past was the less hectic location, with great promotions and generous comps.  The last two elements seem to be long gone.  In my two most recent trips this summer, I was stunned by the lack of generosity in the comps.   Example, one night, my wife and I play for an hour, at a very nice average bet.  Think _at least_ one green chip for each of us, and one of us mostly playing two hands.  That is the mathematical equivalent of one person playing 3 -5 hours at $25 a hand.  The next day we are going to lunch at the buffet, and I am told we don't have enough to get a $9 buffet, for both of us, in fact we don't have enough to get a $9 buffet for EITHER of us.  To be clear, we weren't staying there in a comped room this time, so its not like we came "owing" them casino play because of offers that enticed us to stay with them.  . . I understand "Theoretical" and the elements of comps, and have been comped at dozens of casinos (including this one) in the past.  It just seems like in my last two visits, the comps have become very lean and anemic.  Comps are a HUGE piece of where I choose to play.  I may continue to come here, and start gaming elsewhere, given the comp situation.  It just seems strange that they are now catering to slots players and seemingly leaving table players out in the cold.. . 2)  The buffet continues to have a couple major flaws.  A)  The line is too long.  They let you get around that if you have a super high players card level, but to be honest, they need to have different lines for express.  You shouldn't need a "black card" to get expressed in the line.  For example, if you are a platinum level player you shouldn't have to wait 30 minutes to go to lunch at the buffet on a weekend.  So they should have one super VIP line, a VIP line, and a regular line.  Comps should be able to get a free line pass as well, which I think they may, I am not sure though.  This is fairly standard at most casinos.. . B)  The hand sanitizers usually are not working at the buffet.  This time, was a little different.  They usually have 5 sanitizers, of which only one or two is working.  This time they had 3 sanitizers, all of which were working.  EVERY AISLE of a dining room at a buffet should have a hand sanitizer at the entry point back from the buffet.  You shouldn't have to go looking for one.. . C)  The vegetables in general are waaay overcooked.  They tend to have pretty good vegetables, but they on the whole are waaaaay overcooked.  My Brussels Sprouts were mushy, for example.  . . 3)  Ate at the Cafe on my prior trip a month ago, and was really disappointed with the quality of the food.  Had the oriental salad and the chicken fingers.  The salad was GREAT.  The Chicken Fingers were horrid.. . 4)  I had a great experience at Tbones - see my review there.
This is a really nice looking and well maintained hotel. About a $60ish cab ride from the airport and about a $35ish cab ride to the strip. The restaurants are pretty good. I loved the fact that there is a bowling alley and 16 screens movie theater (2 of my fave entertainments). I DID NOT find most of the staff to be friendly tho. Especially one of the hotel manager's, Filippo, I think his name was. He WAS NOT personable at all. Great customer service is huge in my book, but this hotel does not have it. That is why I am only giving 2 stars, instead of 5. The staff could definitely take a course from the Downtown Philadelphia Marriott, where I have had the PLEASURE of staying for the past 9 years.
