Food was awesome but service was terrible.Went on NYE and waited 20 plus minutes for drinks which kinda set the tone for the dinner.Server was OK but the time from which we ordered to when we received our food was much to long.When I questioned the waiter I was told" Its not my fault they are way behind in the kitchen" .This is not the response I expect from a place like this.We may go back but why when there are so many other good steakhouses in Vegas.
We went in with high hopes after a friend recommended Delmonico but we left just a bit disappointed.  The ambiance was really nice and we were given a great table without a reservation but the food left a little to be desired.  . . My friend and I both started with lobster bisque, which was good but a little thin.  We noticed right away too that she had 2 tiny little pieces of lobster in hers, but I had almost an entire small claw.  I was happy until I realized it was tough and rubbery.  I actually had to use a knife and fork to cut it into bite sized pieces.  My husband ordered the wedge salad as a starter and it was 80% white/yellow core.  Not what you would expect in a place as pricey as this.. . I ordered the fillet and it was cooked perfectly but it was not a great cut of meat.  Maybe I have high standards, but I think a $30+ fillet should be butter knife soft, but this one was kind of fibrous and hard to cut with a steak knife.  I didn't really care for the seasoning either, but that's a personal preference, not something I can count against the restaurant.  My husband's rib eye was really fatty but he loved his twice baked potato.  I had the corn gratin for my side and it was tasty but again, not my style.  . . Our server was efficient but pretty standoffish.  When we first sat down, we ordered a bottle of "Emerel's Blend" wine and he nicely suggested that we might want to try something else, but other than that, his interaction with us was a bit cold.  . . Maybe it was an off night, but I really expected more from a $400+ dinner.
45 minutes between clearing appetizers & being served dinner. Extremely disappointed in meal & service. Went here a few times years ago months after it's opening when both food & service were phenomenal. Seems like different place, so we'll be going elsewhere in the future.
Not impressed, and having the server laugh at me while telling me there was no refills for the bar glass sodas didn't help, maybe they've changed that policy since, but I don't care, although the food was decent ( I've had better creole shrimp and better steaks) I feel like they should have at least given me some vaseline with that screwing, I mean come on $27 for soda?.  I got the bill and "BAM" never going back.
tries to be sophisticated, but it is average at best.. Maybe if you are used to Burger King this joint is awesome, but it is just an average steakhouse.. . BTW: the men's WC door lock doesn't lock, so everyone that wants to go to the crapper will see you in the throne....
Had been here four years ago and the experience was so much better that time. We brought a fine bordeaux for my birthday both times and were aware of the corkage policy. Wine spectator gives them the highest award and complements their corkage policy in fact. It took forever to get the bottle decanted and it really wasn't optimal and the meal was rushed. We even had cocktails  Snotty server, devil may care attitude. Sommelier? Or was he just the one who poured wine?  Not sure as he also offered food recommendations. Gumbo good, tomato soup and grill cheese ap okay but not fine. Avg cream spinach and dried baked potato. Partner had BBQ shrimp and was not overly impressed. Sadly the rib eye was only decent, but not out of this world. I was so looking forward to this night and it was a disappointment. Cavernous restaurant about 70 % filled on a Wednesday but the personal touch and care of a few years ago was gone.
Delmonico is a fraction of what it once was. Back about 10+ years ago, I remember Emerill's hot steak and seafood restauranthaving excellent steak, tasty gumbo and wonderful desserts. . . The ambiance and service were excellent. We started with the gumbo which was very bland and toned down from the original. The barbeque shrimp were ok, but nothing to write home about. For dessert, the banana creme pie was still excellent.. . I remember Delmonico as a solid 4 star steak spot, and wonder what has happened. It's very sad to see this happen to what used to be one of my favorites.
We had scheduled our wedding dinner reception here. The whole process with them seemed difficult from the start.  Eventually we needed to start our dinner 30 minutes later than we first anticipated. We knew this at least a month before the event, but they could not accommodate us and make the change, which seemed ridiculous ... a half hour later, come on?. . We ended up having the dinner reception at Postrio instead. It couldn't have turned out better and they were very easy to work with. . . I've dined at both locations on separate occasions, and I have to say my food was better at Postrio both times.
Food: Disappointing. . Service: Excellent. . 10 of us dined, expecting a Vegas Fine Dining experience with memorable foods. It was truly disappointing. The service was spot on, but the food was BLAH. The only Seafood options were Salmon, or Oysters on a half shell. They were cold. . . The veggies were decent, but everyone was unimpressed.
bleh at best... i really wouldnt give the food any better ratings then outback... the only highlight of this meal was the service... they, i have to admit were really good. id save your money and go somewhere that actually has good food.
Over-rated!!!!!!!!! My steak was overly seasoned. It was way too salty for my liking. Everyone else at my table was completely disappointed with their order as well. Not worth wasting your time here.
The excellent: 1) Waiter Frank was very helpful and personable and was dead-on with food recommendations! 2) the barbeque shrimp was the highlight of the meal; its sauce was so flavorful and a definite must-get item! 3) very nice touch of congratulatory dish written in chocolate and complementary dessert! The bad: we received NY strips instead of rib-eyes and steak not impressive at all; did not taste like it was a prime cut - too lean and very little flavor, although foie gras was cooked perfectly. Restaurant touts of 7 week aged beef but couldn't tell - have had more flavorful steaks from Costco. Won't go here again because of the unimpressive steak quality, even though service, ambiance, and appetizer was excellent.
Went there for the thanksgiving dinner. What a mistake! Dry turkey with horrible tasting green beans. Also ordered mojitos and they were the worse I've had. I do not know about the rest of the menu but the thanksgiving dinner was overpriced and gross. The two stars are for the dinner roles and the parmesan chips.
Given the big name attached to this place (Emeril), and based on a friend's recommendation, I had high hopes. Sadly, the name here is just a facade for mediocre food and service.. . I made reservations via Yelp/OpenTable to treat my girl to a nice dinner on our first "just us" trip to Las Vegas.. . It was a cold night and she had decided to wear a heavy coat. When we arrived, neither the host or hostess offered to take her coat. I then asked them to take her coat and they responded that Delmonico's doesn't offer a coat check. Strike one.. . The hostess seated us at a table that had obviously already been reserved for us, as two of the chairs at the four-person table had been removed. That was a small, but nice touch.. . I had expected Delmonico's to have a dress code, but there were plenty of patrons in jeans and polo shirts. I almost want to strike the restaurant for that, but I understand it is Vegas and they have to cater to a variety of customers. But it does take the ambiance down a notch.. . The waiter appeared promptly and introduced himself (Renee, I believe it was). I had to ask for the wine list. Why should I have to *ask* for the wine list? Strike two.. . Renee did not go over any of the specials with us. He also mentioned that two other servers would be assisting them, but he did so when they weren't there. So when one of them came by later, we had no idea which of the two assistants he was.. . The assistant pretty much took over at that point, and we only saw Renee once again (with the bill). The assistant asked to take our order before we even saw the wine list.. . This wasn't turning out to be the pampered, high-quality service that I had come to expect based on my experiences at other fine dining establishments.. . Our food came out fairly quickly; almost too quickly. We had barely received the wine when our appetizers arrived. She had the lobster bisque which was very thin and only contained about 1oz of lobster. I had the duck prosciutto flatbread. The duck was overcooked and still had a layer of skin and fat that was rubbery.. . Almost instantly after we finished our appetizers, the main entrees arrived as if they had been waiting around the corner with the dishes to spring out as we took the last bites of our appetizers.. . She ordered the filet and I had the bone-in rib-eye. Both of the cuts were of good quality but were ruined by an over-seasoning of creole spices. Both steaks were ordered medium rare and came out cooked perfectly.. . The sides left much to be desired. Many of the choices were bland and uninspiring. The broccoli was simply steamed with no seasoning or oils added. The potato gratin contained too much garlic.. . The speed of the service and delivery of the meal was too fast. We finished dinner within 1 hour. Strike three.. . Total damage, including wine ($120 for the bottle) and tip, came to ~$340. We've had much, much better fine dining experiences (and food) for less.. . I would not recommend this place to anyone looking for a classy, upscale meal. It's just a touristy, over-priced restaurant with a celebrity chef's name tied to it.. . There are many better options available in Vegas.
Great food. Great service too if you're a high roller, no so much for the average diner like me.. . The table next to ours had someone on staff stopping by to check on the every few minutes, chat them up, pour more wine, etc.. . Our table of six received very mechanical service. Food was dropped off, and no one bothered to ask how the food was or of any of us would like another drink (two of us sat with an empty glass from the middle of the meal onward).. . Fine dining is about the overall experience, and Delmonico let me down with poor service.. . This was my second visit. I tried to give then a second chance, but this visit only confirmed the poor service from my first.  I will not be going back.
Had the occasion to eat here recently and although it was gook, it honestly didn't meet my expectations.  Of course everyone is going to have different expectations. Maybe because it's Emeril's but I was expecting just something much better.  . . We had a party of 6 and they seated us at this huge round table.  You had to talk very loudly in order for the other side of the table to hear you, which just contributes to the already loud atmosphere.  . . The food was on par for a steak house of this caliber though a little on the high side, which is premium you pay for the Lagasse name.  I can't review anything that already hasn't been said.  I had the rib eye which was good, sides I can't even remember.  Bread as others have mentioned was not memorable.  I'll have to disagree with others about the banana cream pie..  just didn't seem to have the flavor I was expecting.. just a lot of not sweet enough whipped cream.. . Service was great though.. . Will probably not go back.
We were disappointed. Went there for anniversary dinner... There was no Bam, no kicking it up a notch, just kind of taste-free. Although we had three people assigned to the table the service was slow. After dropping the menus it took a while to take our drink order, and then a while longer to get them. but then we got the food before we finished the cocktail. OK. The main complaint is that the food just wasn't that good. Foie gras to start was OK, the wife had the filet and I had buffalo ribeye.  I knew buffalo is iffy, whether you get meat or gristle, but the waiter assured me it was not gamey. Well, this one didn't change my mind--the center was good but I had to do a lot of chewing to get to it. The filet was chewy and really had no taste to it. Creamed spinach had a definite cream taste, but where was the BAM? Same thing with twice baked potatoes--too liquid. To finish we had the espresso creme brulee, which was good, but too cold; with chocolate madelines that were not warm, and again, tasteless.  Just not worth the price we paid at all. I mean I've had better steak at Outback. Sorry Emeril.
over priced and barely average food. wouldnt return
Wow, what a huge disappointment, considering how expensive the entrees are!. . My girlfriends and I were totally famished when we got into Vegas, thank goodness we had made reservations beforehand. We didn't wait long and had a drink in the lounge as we waited to be seated.. . After browsing the menu, my friend and I decided to split the bone-in ribeye, medium well. Our server says it's their house specialty. The steak was completely blackened from the char and the inside was perfectly done. As I cut into it with my knife, I can tell it's going to be chewy....and indeed it was. It had almost no flavor for a dry aged meat. My friend had to ask for steak sauce and sour cream to make it more flavorful.. . BUT, the sides we ordered (potato gratin and creamed corn) were awesome! AND my friend's filet mignon was the most tender I've ever had (she gave me some of hers). . The service was impeccable and friendly...but the food (at least what I ate) was not worth $52 for a steak.
I feel like Twitter is pretty useless so far; I have an ok amount of followers I guess, but I feel like they're all following so many people that anything I say gets lost in the mess of their feed. I could tweet all day and get very little response to anything aside from a couple loyal folks on there. And it was one such reader that led me to Delmonico recently for what he claimed to be an excellent burger. He's a food writer in town so he should know what he's talking about, right?. . Delmonico is located in the small restaurant row of the Venetian right by another great burger spot, although most people would not come here for their burger. The interior is nothing too fancy in either the bar area or more traditional area in the back. I did notice while sitting at the bar that they have an amazing bourbon selection, but since I was there during a lunch break I'll have to go back some time when I'm not on the clock. The lunch and dinner menus are a bit different, with the lunch menu featuring more sandwiches and things, so maybe the comment I just made about people not coming for a burger is wrong. Either way, this restaurant is pretty fancy and features quite a number of great sounding items aside from what I came there for.. . The Delmonico Prime Hamburger comes on a toasted brioche roll with fries, cheddar cheese and bacon. The meat had excellent flavor from the first bite, but I noticed right away that it was way overcooked and dry. It started off extremely juicy but that faded way too fast and by the end it was very dry. The cheese was melted and had great flavor, but the bun was a tiny bit dry as well and a little too thick. The heirloom tomatoes were fantastic, but maybe a bit off-putting at first due to their green color. The bacon also had good flavor, but was a tiny bit undercooked and soggy in parts. Overall it was still decent, but could have been well beyond that if the meat had been cooked properly.. . Luckily the fries were great. Some of them were almost a bit too hard and crunchy, but they were very tasty and a welcome change to the 'typical' fries I often get around town. Something I found to be quite funny was when I asked for ketchup I was brought an insanely large bowl of it, more than probably a table full of people could have used.. . The online menu lists the burger at $15, so I was a little surprised to see the $18 listed on the menu when I made my order. I think if it was cooked properly I would still be ok with this price given the chef, the location, etc, but because of this price I seriously frown on the fact that they couldn't cook my burger properly. If you're willing to risk this inconsistency and are ok with the cost, I think it's a good burger to check out, and has the potential to be really great, but if you're at the Venetian and are craving a guaranteed good burger for a similar cost I suggest you go next door.
interesting cave like setting.  busy, but way overpriced for what it is.  nothing special or memorable about the steaks or sides. average quality food. average service, nothing special to stand out from any other restaurant. hyped name.  professional host greeting.
My brother in law's birthday required steak...so naturally Delmonico Steakhouse sounded like a great option. . . Here's the thing, I love steak, but i'm trying to cut back on being a crazed carnivore. I ordered the half roasted duck (yeah i know it's still meat but it's not red meat...get off my back) and my wife had the halibut. What kind of morons go to a well reviewed steakhouse and don't order steak? Well it's nice to meet you.. . My duck was ehh... her fish was ehhh. . Had a taste of the ribeye (seriously, shut up...How could I realistically NOT try it?) and wow...REALLY good.. . But my rating is only 2 stars you say? Yeah, well my experience was kinda lame...the attentive staff was fine, the prices were completely outrageous even for the strip, and our food was just kinda boring. I didn't think much of it to be honest.. . You may be saying... "Well moron, you ordered duck and fish at a steakhouse, what did you expect?" I would then reply "Hey, if it's on the menu, it should be held to the same standards as anything else!". So There! :P. . If I do want to pay too much for a really good steak, I know where to go...but y'know, I'm a local and that is rare. (get the pun...nudge nudge...get it?). . What I will say is that it's a classy establishment and they appear to cook a fine slab-o-meat. But i'd steer (I keep doing it!) clear of any non-cow based items. Sorry for the puns!. . I'm not really sorry.
Not good for lunch.  Atmosphere is too austre and quiet-like trying to dine in church.  they dont even pipe any music in.  the lobster sliders were filled with about a tablespoon of lobster and at least that much mayonnaise.  Fries had been sitting too long and gotten hard.  Good service and good wine list but overall not worth the $70 pricetag for lunch.
My wife wanted to take me to a special place for my 50th birthday, and she chose Delmonico.  Overall, it was a bit of a disappointment.. . The food:. We started off with the shrimp, which was wonderful, and the bread was warm and soft.  It was a bit salty for my taste, but that's just me.  We then had the spinach salad, which was wonderful!  For entrees, I had the crab stuffed lobster and the wife had the filet.  The lobster was great; the filet was nothing special.  For dessert, we had a sorbet and the cheesecake; both were quite good.. . The waiters/staff:. If I had to use one word, it would be disinterested. The waiter was good, but the other (why were there two?) just seemed to be reading a script and literally had to read his notes on the available dessert flavors.  The wife had informed them it was my 50th birthday, but when the dessert came out it said "Happy Anniversary".  We jokingly noted the error and the waiter said we didn't appear to be old enough to be married for 50 years, but he went with what he was told.  We didn't blame him at all and left a generous tip. This error underscore their lack of attention and appearance of just going through the motions.. . So, overall, it was OK, but not great.  We've had better steaks, and FAR better service (Ferraro's Italian Restaurant waiter was the BEST) for much less cost.
Great service, great decor and ambiance, but food was weak.  Wedge salad had undercooked, fatty bacon on top. Roast duck was over-done, not juicy, but skin was rubbery.  Lots of folks do it better than Delmonico, keep looking.
Went to Vegas with the husband to celebrate our 10 year anniversary and take that honeymoon that had been postponed for far too long.  One of the reasons we booked at the Venetian was to dine at Delmonico Steakhouse.. . We originally made a reservation for lunch on Sunday but moved it to dinner as the husband was worried lunch service didn't offer all the varieties of steak.  Made the mistake of booking for 9 pm on Monday, August 20th.  The hotel was packed with a new rush of guests as was the restaurant.. . Enjoyed a drink in the bar before being seated and were then led to a small table where we were introduced to Josh, our primary server.  Josh informed us that we would have 3 servers that evening one of which would be a sommelier.  . . We perused the wine list and then Lamont came over and asked "if anyone had explained the menu" to us - a jarring question in a fine dining establishment.  We decided to start with wine by the glass as we didn't want a full bottle at that point.  I asked Lamont about a blend on the list -- I inquired as to what was in the blend.  He asked me what I meant.  I clarified by saying what types of wines are used to make the blend.  He rattled off one variety and then said "and I think a Cabernet is in there".  Lamont made no offer to explain or recommend any other wines.  We ordered two glasses of Malbec, our appetizer and entrees.  My husband asked Lamont if he could get a side of garlic butter.  Lamont said no - they don't have garlic butter.  Really?!  This is an Emeril Lagasse restaurant!  He asked for a side of plain butter and we sent Lamont on his way.  . . A food runner, or possibly our third server (he never introduced himself), delivered a complimentary appetizer of tuna atop a crostini which I enjoyed but the husband did not.. . Josh came back with our wines.  We inquired as to whether Lamont was the sommelier that Josh had mentioned earlier and he affirmed that he was.  We expressed our surprise and disbelief yet Josh did not follow up with any inquiry as to why we asked the question.  At this point I had to talk my husband out of storming out of the restaurant.  Josh did not alert the floor manager of our question or our discontent.  It is unclear if this was because of poor training or due to the staff not being able to handle when the restaurant is full.. . Our salad with arugula, granny smith apples, prosciutto and champagne vinaigrette arrived and was very tasty.  We started to move past the negativity and then waited and waited for our entrees.  The husband ordered another glass of Malbec and asked for more bread, which never came.  The steaks were quite good but the extra butter was not delivered.  The twice baked potato was yummy and the side of mushrooms was divine.  . . The espresso creme brulee and pecan pie desserts were very good and we appreciated the complimentary banana gelato with 'Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate on the plate but it still wasn't enough to make up for the fact that our servers' poor performance ruined an experience we looked forward to for months.  I would have given Delmonico Steakhouse one star due to the service but gave it two because of the food.  We expected much more.  I suggest you go somewhere else.. . FYI - Delmonico Steakhouse is a large restaurant that seats approximately 100 patrons.  The women's restroom has 2 stalls.
All I can say is -- get rid of the salt! Wow, food was just okay but the salt level was overboard.
We chose Delmonico as our "fancy" steak meal on our recent trip to Las Vegas.  We arrived early for our reservation and sat in the lobby area.  We thought the restaurant very nondescript and plain.  We were seated right next to the kitchen which my husband had his back to but I could see the comings and goings throughout dinner and it was very distracting.  The wall next to us had some sort of splattering all over it, like steak juice.. . Appetizers were lobster bisque which my husband enjoyed and a salad for me which was nice, nothing spectacular.  Hubby got a glass of the cheap house wine which turned almost immediately.  We ordered the chateubriand for two which came with mashed potatoes and asparagus.  The seasoning on the steak was nice and it was cooked perfectly but we found the meal overall just average, not bad by any means, just not great.  Service was fine, again, nothing to write home about, just adequate.. . We were too full for dessert but would have loved to try the banana cream pie.  Bill was $205 with tip.  For $200, I expected a little more and I would not rank Delmonico as one of the best steakhouses in Vegas.  There are definitely better ones.
While on an extended stay at the Palazzo we decided to try Delmonico. I made a reservation through Open Table. We were seated promptly but at a table that was less than desirable where the waiter had to stand behind me while serving us. He was quite pushy and brusque. My wife ordered the half duck as she loves duck. Right after we were served the waiter returned and asked if everything was OK, My wife had taken one bite from the duck leg and she said that things were OK. But as she continued to work on the rest of the duck it seemed to become very tough like it had been over microwaived. She signaled the waiter over and rather than handling it professionally he asked in a rather accusing manner why she had said the duck was OK when first asked. This made us feel very uncomfortable. The waiter did remove the duck and did not charge us for it. However, we just wanted some excellent food. I'll never return to any of Emeril's restaurants based on this encounter. If you want a good meal while at the Venetian / Palazzo go to Bouchon where you'll be treated well and the food is great. Just to be balanced I will say that the rib eye that I had was good.
I recently stayed two nights in Vegas. I went to B&B one night and Delmonico the second. The food was excellent quality at both places. But the service and the atmosphere fell very short at Delmonico's. I was dining alone so maybe the server didn't think he needed to attend to me but the night before I had amazing service at B&B so I had an expectation of what a $100 dining experience should be like. . . I told the server I would like a glass of red wine when my steak was delivered. I waited ten minutes before it was brought out. I used to wait tables... for a decade. I'm a reasonable patron. I think fine dining demands something above diner level service.. . So despite a delicious steak and a tasty martini, the rowdy classless crowd and the crappy service will keep me from coming back.
The best part of the whole experience was the service...they paid a lot of attention to our party of four.. . The worst part were the STEAKS!!!!!!! cold....later warmed up and dry with no taste at all. I can make a much better meal at home!!. . I would never come back to spend so much money for horrible food.. . I had a duck that was decent but not worth writing home about, sadly :( it was quite dry and all it needed was some of the cane sauce to be poured over it. I wonder if they can cook anything right here when it comes to meat.. . quite a disappointment, i am never coming back.
I recently entertained clients here.  I made my reservation over Open Table.  Originally I had made for 4 people, then wanted to add one more guest.  They told me several times that there was no way they could fit another chair at the table.  Ok.. . We get there, and there is a private party going on - but in the lobby/bar/wait area.  What?  That's a bit disturbing.  They sat us in the lounge area and we ordered drinks (which never came).  Then our "table" was ready.  Well this was the end table which basically was in the lounge area.  So we moved over one table. . . The wine list is very in depth and almost overwhelming.  Just give me a good red with my meat is not the way to go here.  No simplicity.. . From the start our table was crowded.  Too many items on the tables, and the service ware was oversized for the little table.  It almost made it difficult to eat.. . Before our food came I wondered off to the loo - which was like a hike because the restaurant is actually quite huge.  As I walked by tables, I saw several larger tables with less people seated at them and empty chairs.  Hmmm.  So they really couldn't let me bring an extra guest or they really don't know how to plan their seating?  . . During our meal we couldn't even talk - the noise from the private party was too much.  And they were standing all around us.  Several time people knocked into the back of my clients' chair!  So frustrating.  I can't understand WHY they would seat people in that area - and we had plenty of room for the extra guest.  . . The food was wonderful.  Meat done right.  But all the negatives earn this only 2 stars.
I was part of a group of six people having a business dinner and was really looking forward eating at this establishment. The service was very good and noise level was acceptable wherein it was easy to carry on a conversation.  I had the BBQ shrimp as my appetizer which was very good.  But as to the main entree, I was very disappointed in the quality of the NY strip.  This piece of meat was described as prime but in reality I thought it was more of a select grade ... I have had choice from the grocery store that was more tender.  Initially, I thought maybe my steak was an anomaly and did not want to complain since were invited out to dinner. However, then  another person in our party also stated his steak was very tough and was only able to eat about a quarter of his steak ... Gave up and moved on to eat only the side dishes, which were very good I may say.. . We all shared the desserts ... I really enjoyed the Banana Cream pie.. . Even though there were some good things about this restaurant still rated it lower based on the poor quality of prime steak I had relative to the cost of the steak ... In essence it still was not worth the dining experience even though I was not the one paying.
Punked!. In a sentence, horrendous value for money.. We chose this place expecting a fine dining experience complete with great food and service. Unfortunately both failed and especially the service.. We had specified to our waiter immediately that we had an hour and a half before we had to leave to attend a show and he assured us we'd have plenty of time to enjoy our meal at a quiet and relaxed pace.. One hour and 10 minutes later our steaks arrive even though the 2 parties next  to us arrived later and had already been served all 3 courses of their meals. What's going on?. Call it favouritism, poor planning or whatever, we had to engulf our meals in 10 minutes before rushing off to our show only to be late. Not only that, the waiter forgot to include the mushrooms I ordered, had them made quickly and then added them to our bill...so considerate of him. Where's the common sense in customer service? At least give me the mushrooms for free!. I wish I could say the food was superb but it was average at best;  I've had better steaks  at 1/10 the cost, no joke.. Bottom line: if you're looking for a premium dining experience, think twice before choosing Delmonico.
To start with our luncheon last week, the front hostess was way rude and young.. Then was our waiter who seemed to be rude and showing no sings of enjoying his. job at this restaurant. Both my husband and I were talking about how people that work in this kind of environment in Vegas have become more and more rude and complacent with customers in the past years. Will not go back. Food was OK!
I took my husband to LV for his 40 birthday. Thought would be nice to try this steak place since he loves steak.  I don't mind paying for good food but the steak is average, The place is nice but our table is right by the kitchen. If i mentioned is a birthday celebration when I made the reservation then at least a good table location. They made no effort to even mention "Happy Birthday" to my husband.  Joe's is much better. Never come back.
Dinner at Delmonico Steakhouse on 3/17/2013, to celebrate husbands birthday while visiting Las Vegas from Miami, Fl. The dinner experience was awful. Sent steak back, not cooked as requested. Waited 20 mins for waiter to bring steak back. When plate was returned steak was dry, burned and the items left on dinner plate where ice cold. Husband ate dinner alone while I waited for my $52 steak. An apology was never extended. Dinner was definitely not worth the $200 check. Very Disappointed! Will not recommend to friends or family!. Pricey, Poor Quality Steak and Bad service!
tl;dr - You can do much much better.  . . I was actually kind of shocked by this place.  I had heard good things, but was disappointed at virtually every turn:. . Appearance - the place is falling apart.  tiles falling out of walls, holes in walls, dirty bathrooms, uncomfortable and awkward seating.. . Service - mediocre.  Had to ask repeatedly for items, waiter disappeared for 20+ minutes at a time.  . . Food - decent; worthy of a 3 star, but the rest drags the rating down.  My filet was cooked to order and seasoned well.  When I ask for anchovies for my caesar salad though, I don't mean 'the anchovy paste you use in the dressing is adequate.'  It means I would like actual anchovies.  This isn't rocket surgery, delmonico.. . All in all, anywhere else this would have rated a 3 star experience, but given both the price (in general, and relative to other steakhouses in vegas), and the sheer overabundance of steakhouses per capita in LV, there's no way this should rate highly on anyone's list.   Bad form, Delmonico.
It was my last night of being in Vegas for a trade show.  Everyone from my company all ready left and was alone.  My feet were tired from standing up all three days and didn't want to leave the hotel for dinner.  . . Had the following:. *BBQ Shrimp: tasty sauce but the shrimp was OVERCOOKED!!!  Tough chewing.. *Vine ripened tomato salad with burrata: It says "torn local basil"... Now how corny is that... and me being more &itchy.... it wasn't torn... they were cut as chiffonade.  I wouldn't thought this but really....."torn local basil".. give me a break..  This was what was expected.  Can you really screw up sliced tomatoes, slapped on burrata on top, "torn local basil", red onion, virgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar?  My friend's 4 year old daughter can make this dish.. *Filet Mignon-medium rare: was the toughest filet mignon I EVER HAD!!!  WTF?!?!?  It was cooked correctly, but TOUGH at $50 for 9oz.  The filet I had at Outback was much more tender. . *Grits w/bacon and white cheddar: If you like steel cut oats, you'll like this, which I do.  Not creamy like most grits.  Has texture.. *Banana cream pie: OMG... I LOVE banana cream pie, but this was really bad.  The cream was sooo thick it was almost like a dense cake.  It looks impressive because of the layers of banana.  The flavor wasn't there. Safeways' banana cream pie is MUCH BETTER!! . . I also had a cocktail and a glass of red wine.  My meal came up to almost $200.  I don't mind paying the price if the food was worth it... IT WAS NOT!!!  . . Not coming back here again.. . 1 star for the waitress who was very attentive. 1 star for the hostess who got me a table quickly
Dined there last weekend with some friends and we were utterly disappointed. Not impressed one bit.. I don't understand how this restaurant received such high ratings, but I certainly would not go back nor would I recommend to anyone.. From the food, the service, the ambiance - huge let down.. . I would've given this place an additional star if the service wasn't so terrible.  The server was slow and was more interested in chatting.  Also, we waited at least 30 min to get our entrees(they didn't even seem busy). . After our table was cleared from apps and salads, we waited 20+ min before calling our server to check up on our food. She said it was still within the "window" and she couldn't do anything. Luckily, she spoke to her manager after another 5-10 min because that's when our food was "officially late." . . What we had (from what I can recall):. BBQ Shrimp - shrimps were cooked unevenly and drowned in mediocre BBQ sauce. Some were cooked well, but mine was under. . Vine-Ripened Tomato Salad - nothing special. Baked Crab Stuffed Lobster - lobster tail cooked well, but tough to eat and nothing amazing. NY Strip - no flavor. Filet - nice crust from the Essence stuff. Sauteed Garlic Mushrooms - standard. Potato Gratin - bit on the dry side. Creamed Corn Gratin - best side order we had on the table, but that doesn't mean much.. . Dessert:. Sorbet, banana cream pie, apple fritters, key lime pie.. The desserts and our bottle of wine were probably the highlight of this dinner.. . If you are looking for a good steakhouse on the strip, this is NOT the place.. You'll probably have better luck at Mastro's, Stripsteak, Prime, or Craftsteak.
I did an all Venetian restaurant tour on my most recent Vegas trip.  I had dinner here the second night of my stay.. . We ordered the gnocchi w/ black truffles to start ($25).  For my entree I had a bone-in ribeye w/ foie gras ($72 - $52 for the steak & $20 for the foie gras), my friend had the regular ribeye ($48), and on the side we had haricot vert almondine ($11) & fingerling potatoes ($12).  . . The gnocchi was very good.  It had a nice crisp and the truffles accented the taste of the potatoes in the gnocchi very well:  4 Stars.  Unfortunately, the steak was not very good.  It was fatty, chewy in some spots and not that flavorful.  The waiter stated that Delmonico's has the best steaks in town.  Sorry, but I have had better steaks at STK and T-Bonz in Summerlin:  2 Stars.  The foie gras was OK.  It was nice to see it on the menu because you can't find it in CA.  However, I was expecting more crisp:  3 Stars.  The haricot vert was just OK too.  The beans were crispy and there were plenty of almonds, but other than that they were nothing to remember:  3 Stars.  Lastly, the fingerling potatoes were too salty, and I am one who generally doesn't notice when dishes are too salty.  The waiter Ken did offer to make a new batch, but the food took a long time to come out and we declined:  2 Stars.. . To accompany the meal we had a bottle of COS Pithos Rosso 2008 from Sicily ($85). The winery describes the wine as superbly elegant, subtly meaty w/ a cherry fruit nose.  The palate is profound:  Elegant, pure and mineral with lovely spice and earth notes.  Some complexity, and a bit of tannic structure.  OK, perhaps too much self-promotion, but Delmonico has an extensive wine list at many price points.  The wine was excellent and went very well w/ all the dishes:  5 Stars.. . The ambiance was sterile, but there was a good amount of space between the tables.  Unfortunately, the restrooms were lame.  It was quite a walk, there was no valet and only one stall and one urinal.  I had to wait and after I finished, the line was two deep:  2 Stars.  In addition, the service was not very good.  The entrees came at least 35 min after the first course.  Ken, our waiter never stopped by to check on us and let us know it would take a while.  He did redeem himself by agreeing to take the potatoes off the check.  However, he offered us a complimentary dessert and we chose expressos and my friend asked for sambuca also.  We were charged for the sambuca : XXX. If he didn't take the potatoes off the check, I would have given him 1 Star:  2 Stars.. . I will not return to Delmonico's the next time I am in Vegas, even though I can walk here from the Venetian where I always stay.  The steak was lousy, the bathroom is lame and the service sucked for an establishment of this caliber.  Word to Emeril:  You need to work on this restaurant - BAM!!!
Service was great but being a steakhouse, I would have expected a lot better steaks! Table ordered 1 filet, 3 ribeyes and a New York - meat lacked seasoning, dry and 3 of the 5 were overcooked! Side dishes were okay. Best thing was the wedge salad! Definitely not a place I would return!
very disappointed. my steak was burnt and it wasn't great.
So you stake your claim on your Rib Eye eh? I ordered mine medium-rare, au poivre and it came out medium. The peppercorns added nothing, and I kept waiting for more flavor with every bite.. . There was a group of 12 of us split into 2 6-top tables. Even though we ordered first, they got their meals before us.. . The sides were nothing interesting. This is just another expensive Vegas restaurant where you pay for pretentiousness.
Went to Emril's Delmonico last night for dinner and to sum up the experience was grossly underwhelmed from start to finish.. . Atmosphere: the general atmosphere and ambiance is exactly what you'd expect from a fine-dining Casino restaurant. Clean and well-kept. . . Service: The service was generally pretty good from the two support staff assisting our primary server. Our main server, however, was quite underwhelming to say the least. It was apparent from the moment he greeted us that he wasn't enthused to have a 2 top sit down (at a table for 2 no less). I mentioned to the server that I was interested in an appetizer to share, but didn't want something so large as to prevent me from fully enjoying the steak I had decided on. He ignored my question for a suggestion. I've never had that happen, anywhere, let alone a fine-dining establishment. The worst part, however, came to the bill. To set the stage, we were seated adjacent to two other 2-top tables, one of which was behind us in the meal progression, the other who was ahead of us. Several moments after our dessert and after dinner-drinks were dropped off, our bill was placed on our table with the statement "I'll take this as soon as you are ready." Interesting . . . I looked at the table next to us, who had already finished dessert and they did not have their bill yet. And on top of that, he failed to ask us if we wanted anything else, which had he asked, he would have realized that my wife would have liked more hot water for her tea. My wife was also thoroughly irritated with the fact that the bill was explicitly placed within my reach, and not hers. She made it a point to the server that she was the one who wished to pay.. . Food: We were both completely and 100% underwhelmed with everything we ordered. I had the "house special" which was a dry aged, bone-in ribeye, reportedly seasoned with Emril's Essence. It was a good steak. Not great by any means, and most certainly not worth the $52 price tag. The flavor was mediocre (surprising since its purportedly dry-aged), and the cook highly inconsistent. It was ordered medium rare, and parts were rare, others were medium. Very disappointing and suggestive of an amateur grill chef. I'm quite content to pay that much and far more for a good steak, however, I expect to get what I pay for, and this was most certainly not it. I've had far superior steaks for less than 1/2 that price.  My wife ordered the snapper, and it was so overcooked that it was mostly inedible. Also had the mushroom side, which was generally pretty good.. . The dessert, however, was quite good. The banana creme pie.. . Perhaps we went on an off night, however, this experience coupled with the abundance of other restaurants on the strip, is enough for me to never return.
I'm soooo bummed! Wanted to love this place! Brought my hubby based on the reviews. Lobster bisque....amaze balls! Scallops......sooo salty they were not edible. Filet was raw even though I ordered it medium. Manager was so sorry that they comped the scallops, comped dessert, and comped a salad. Our whole meal was basically wrong or ruined. I'm glad they comped, but still.......umm probably won't be back. Bummer :(
Wasn't able to secure a last minute reservation at Craftsteak (which I love by the way) while in Vegas so I reluctantly went w/ Delmonico.. . Service was good, as expected, but not as warm as I'd like--you know the feeling you get when you can joke around with your server and have that "rapport", I never really clicked w/ the service.  Whatever the case that shouldn't matter because I was there for the RIB EYE!!!. . Disappointing... hardly marbled... flavorful yes, but tough enough where I couldn't enjoy every bite.  My pallet favors texture over flavor and although my wife felt the steaks were flavorful, in my opinion the toughness completely buries any goodness from the flavor.. . What really lowers the score for Delmonico is the sheer fact that it's surrounded by so many other steak houses, I mean it's Vegas after all!! Because of this, I don't see myself EVER coming back
How can you screw up on Boned in New York twice? Come to Delmonico's.  Medium means Well Done.  No pink what so ever.  And they even cooked two steaks. . . Is your steak fine? After all your friends have eaten? Yes.  It's fine because I don't want to wait around for you to screw up anymore.  . . Only saving grace was the bourbon.  . . Basically, screwed up on steak.  Luke warm coffee.  Oh hell, might be a bad night, but my five other friends had good dinners.  Didn't want to bitch and spoil their evening.
