It had a nice vibe, but the food was less than mediocre.. . The appetizer was dried out chicken, and for the main course, I asked the server what the signature dish was, and she steered me to the pork shoulder.  Instead of the succulent, moist, mouth watering vision I had in mind, it was dried out as well.  Didnt finish even half of it.  . . Maybe our problem was that we were dining after 10pm on a weekend, and they weren't as mindful as they should have been.  But for the prices they charge, there is no excuse for the lack of execution.. . The scene was cool, but I wouldn't go back to eat.
Went there for appetizers on 3/19/11. Good service but the food was lacking. The tableside guac was basically a mashed up avacado with little flavor as were the two skewers of oversalted chicken. The shrimp was salty too. Felt the food was overpriced and lacked the blend of spices found in good Latin food. Paying for the ambiance and Scottsdale location.
Very disappointing. Margaritas were very good and service was fine. But the food?  Overpriced and not good. We started with the duck confit empanadas.  The filling was nice but the sauce was way too sweet and then there was the crust.  You needed a steak knife to cut the thing!  We ordered the pulled pork tacos for two dinner (32.00).  It took quite a while and when it came the tortillas were very small and extremely doughy.  The pork was fatty and just not very good.  . . On top of everything else, it is very dark so it's hard to see what you are eating.  I used my iPhone flashlight app so we could read the menus.  . . Really wanted to like the place but the quality was not there.  Definitely would never go back.  One start is for service and the other is for the drinks.  That's it.
To be fair, the first time that I went to The Mission a couple of months ago, it was a 3-star experience.  The food was well prepared and nicely presented.  It could have been 4-stars, but the tacos were sadly small for the price.. . Last week's experience was a real let down.  I took my family for a Latin dining experience and was sadly disappointed.  Being an arepa lover, I was excited to partake in the experience with my loved ones.  When we arrived, we were told that arepas were no longer part of the menu, although they were still on the menu :-(  They are now serving the sandwiches that were served on arepas, on the torta bread.  The server was apologetic, but frankly, after driving 40 miles to get this specific menu item and checking the on-line menu before making the trip, I was not happy.. . The pabellon filling was very good, but again, a let down without the arepa.  To add insult to injury, when the sandwiches were served, they did not bring Mission fries on the plate, because according to the bus boy, the menu changed when the sandwich was no longer served on the arepa, and it no longer was served with the fries.  The server quickly righted this issue and offered us fries on the house.. . There are some high points to the experience: the setting is very pretty and the service is attentive.  The chorizo and papas appetizer is delicious and something worth ordering when you go.
If you want to have a nice relaxing meal you better find some place else because you are on the clock at this place apparently.  We were asked to give up our table after an hour and 5 - 10 minutes to accomodate a bigger group (and obviously a bigger check).  Between the bottle of wine , an appetizer, and the main course I feel we were moving along at a very normal dining pace but not to them, I guess.  FIrst and last time there.
Stopped in here for drinks during "happy hour"  and there seems not to be one here. Not quite sure if they think they are too good for it. I dont mind spending $12 on a drink if its worth it but um...their drinks are 4 sips and $12. Their Margarita was blech too.. sorry Mission wont go back! didnt give it 1 star b/c the food looks promising.
OVERPRICED ! The pork chop dinner was A pork chop ($28) Nothing on the plate but the pork chop. No apple ring...applesauce or even a sprig of parsley.. $32 for ten tiny tacos with pork shoulder supposedly for two.  Each taco was two bites and my husband did the math.  It was so dark that the waiter gave us a flashlight to read the menu.  We were given the Bum's rush after our last bite of food.  The portions were so small that it didn't take us long to eat so we hadn't had time to visit with our friends.  The manger came to "push us out the door" No pretense about inquiring about our food or service.  $12 for chips for two?  We will return to our favorite Mexican restuarant where the chips and salsa are your welcome to the restuarant.  The Mission won't last.  It is definately not a family restuarant.  Too loud and too yuppy.
If you go to the mission, you'll enjoy some great food and an elegant setting. I highly recommend getting the guacamole that they make fresh.. . You must also be prepared to deal with the worst service in Scottsdale. The waiter asked me and a friend how we found out about the place, and he made us feel out of place. He also assumed that we were having trouble reading the menu because the quality of food was too good for our tastes.
Lovely setting but be sure to check the cost of a glass of wine.  Ordered the standard Kendall Jackson white and amount was very small, so ordered the second with our appetizer and when I got the check was blown away.  13 bucks for very small portions.  Thought the prices were really out of line, when you compare to better restaurants that charge less.  think the whole comcept  is one of greed.  won't be going back. too many other places that offer more.
I have been here to eat twice and while the first experience was ok the second time. has me writing of the place for good. I will say the service was always speedy and quick both times but when we went to brunch the menu has better options like the chiliquiles.. .  My problem is the limited menu during lunch time and the quality of that food. The table side guac was ok and some could say great if they prefer it one way more than another. I would say it wasn't close to Salty's but not terrible like America's taco shop on 7th st. There menu consist of two basic options excluding the soup during lunch, tacos and tortas. Their tortas remind me more of something you would find at a wildflower except without any good mixture of ingredients. you would think that if you only served 5 different things you would be really good. I don't mind a small amount of choices, even if you think of your own home rotation of meals you cook for your family you could limit it to your top 5 things and have a menu that would kick the crap out of most restaurant menus I am sure. I had the brisket torta which seemed to be a mix of a lox and a thin(super thin) layer of burnt beef. My girlfriend thought the same. My friend had another one that looked better but she said she wouldn't rush to come back for it. The side of beans were ok and the chorizo and potatoes were ok more for the potato side as the chorizo was semi bland and couldn't hold a candle to any Shreiner's offering.. . So we had a 90$ lunch (no alcohol) that had faux latin food. When I went to brunch my girl did like the drinks and the chiliquiles are good but you could do better from any torta chain with little effort and just suffer from the ambiance for better food. Guero's tortas comes to mind but like I said even Subway could own these guys.
This place is over-rated!  It is Cinco De Mayo at about 4:30.  The place is empty for all practical purposes.  We're told unless we have a reservation, they can't seat us. So we're pointed to the bar area. It is now 6:30 and the dining tables are still half empty.  This is a good indication of bad management.  One doesn't tell a customer they can't be seat and must go to the bar to eat and then 2 hours later those same table are sitting there empty. . . The drinks are watered down and extremely pricey.  It is one thing to charge a high price (small Margarita $13 and a Mojito watered down $13) and to give value, it is another thing to rip-off the customer. . . The guacamole needed help as well.  We had to send it back to the kitchen for help.  You need to add Cilantro, onions, salt, etc. to the product, otherwise you may as well be eating raw avocados. . . The fish tacos were good I thought, but my wife hated them. The duck empenada was different.  I didn't like it, but my wife did. . . The service was slow to get to us, but once it did it was good.. . I wouldn't go back to this restaurant.
So I have tried this place twice now and I am still not a fan. . . I do have to say the ambiance is quite beautiful, but the food and drink are a total rip off. 3 half dollar size tacos with no sides for 16 bucks blows my mind. And $12 for half a cup of guacamole is outrageous. I'm sorry!
super pricey. 4 weak drinks and guacamole, $60.  loud. guac was just ok.
Went with another couple, drinks and appetizers were great but my entree was absolutely awful.
The Mission is a quandary.  I like the flair and inventiveness the restaurant brings to the food.  Beyond that from the, "Hi, do you have a reservation" to OMG at the size of the check TM is hard slogging.  . . If you're into food TM should be sought out but if you're looking for a good time I suggest avoiding them and that would be two stars not worth the time an money.
The food here was great.  We got the taco platter, which was great to share!  The drinks and ambience were very pleasant, even during a busy Friday evening dinner service.  It's tucked into a nice area in scottsdale with plenty of valet parking nearby.. . Our waiter was fine, although she had a habit of repeating what we'd ordered as a question.  The guy who cleared the tables was just bad, though.  He took plates too early without asking if they were done, and managed to spill a heavy mole sauce on us.. . The food was great, but since the service was terrible, I will stay away from here.
Was not impressed with the food or beverages.  To start with I had two draft beers, both were flat and had no lacing in the the glass (dirty glassware).  It was Sunday so I went with the Chicken and waffles which was highly suggested by the server.  Wheat waffles does not make any since to me, if someone orders waffles they are not concerned about eating healthy for that day,  The waffles were flabby and not crisp and the chicken was made to be more of an art piece.  Every kitchen has it bad days the at least they are not defacing good quality craft beer with dirty beer lines and glasses.
Atmosphere is great, but the service was subpar.  The tables next to us were offered samples of margaritas and overall seemed to have better service.We will likely not return, expenisve food which was average at best.
I tried really hard to like this place, but in the end, no different than a Cantina Laredo. Table side guacamole was average compared to other places ( La Grande Orange has the best). Skirt steak tacos were good but were so heavy there is a reason why they only give you three quarter sized ones. Dessert was the most disappointing. The churros were soggy and the milkshake that came with it was terrible.
Decor was nice, service was fine, but all in all, just a meh experience. Flavors were not terribly dynamic, the heat was negligible, the portions were scant, and the check average unjustified. This to me was not "fancy" or "high-end" or even "innovative" Mexican fair...just plain ole' expensive Mexican Food stripped of its soul.. . Personally I prefer to pay for the product, not the geographical location, but if you're the type of person to pay for ambiance and are interested in helping them pay for whats surly an exorbitant rent, have at it.
