We stayed in the "Strip View Room-Unlimited Tower Admission" room. Booked it from Hotels.com. . The deal was good at 50$/night but the facility is not what you would expect. Here are the things which we did not find worth.. 1) The hotel is far from strip.. 2) The strip view is not that great. You can only see upto Sahara and few others. Definitely not worth strip view.. 3) Internet is not included and we had to pay another 11$ extra/day for usage. Unlike , circus circus where it was included.. 4) Room inside was big but facility wise no better than any other lodges.. 5) TV channels are limited. Circus circus offered better options.. . Net net comparing with circus circus where we paid the same amount, we got less for our money.. However only plus point been, since tower admission was free, it saved as $16/person. . Also the buffet is good where hotel guest get 25% off.
At a first impression, I thought spending 3 nights at the Stratosphere was gonna be great. There's rides on top of the tower to test your fear of heights to a whole new level, cheap rooms, and they have an awesome 1950's themed restaurant. But as my friends and I checked in, my first impression was slowly turning downhill.. . First time we got there we already started having problems with our rooms. My friend ordered the rooms online for about $200, but when we got there they charged us an additional $150 for "spending another night", even though we were just staying there for 2 nights and checking out in the morning. I mean really? It said on paper that it was already paid, why do we have to pay more?. . In my job, Marriott, I've learned that a lot of Marriotts have included free wifi and many other hotels are following just so they can keep up with the compitition and whatnot. When I tried to get into the Stratosphere wifi, I found out that it was an additional $11.90. Thanks, but no thanks.. . Since my friends and I flew over to Vegas from San Jose, we pretty much had to call the taxi or walk to whatever destination we had to go to (mostly towards the strip...which was also very far...which also took a chunk out of our spending expenses). So location-wise, the Stratosphere sucked.. . And lastly, when my friends and I checked out of the hotel we checked in our bags in the valet so wecan go out and do some last minute gambling and sight seeing before we go back home. When my friend accidentally lost his ticket, one guy at the Valet was giving us the "Oh well" shrug and his sarcastic remark "How am I gonna help you find your bags if you don't have your ticket?" Great customer service *insert sarcasm*. . However, this hotel didn't leave a bad impression on me-despite the review. While my friends and I were gambling, the cocktail waitress kept coming back to us so we can order more drinks. I was so impressed with her, I tried to give her a $10 tip, but she refused and only accepted $2. I insisted, but she still refused. She was so humble, I can't believe that there are people like her that are here in Vegas. And as my friends and I were trying to find our ticket to claim our bags, the Valet who took our bags went out of his way to help us find it.. . All in all, it was a nice hotel, but it didn't quite leave the impression of "Welcome to Las Vegas!" I was looking for. Oh yea, and here's 2 stars for that cocktail waitress and the guy in valet-2 of your BEST employees!
A few friends and I decided on the spur of the moment we wanted to go to LV and we did and ended up staying at Stratosphere. Why? Since this vacation wasn't exactly planned our bank roll wasn't as big as if we had planned for it and Stratosphere was offering the best rate for our dollar.. . When we finally got to Strat we headed to the front desk and waited. It wasn't that long but seemed longer because there wasn't really anything special to look at or distract us. Finally get to the counter fill out our paperwork pay our bill and we are off to our room on the 10th floor. Get too our room open the door and thought we were in a Motel 6. The rooms were very basic and plain. After the first night sleep we all wake up in pain because the beds were terribly uncomfortable. I could of slept on the floor and been more comfortable.. . We didn't spend much time here at all. Because we were staying at the hotel we all had free passes to the top of Strat everyday but didn't once use them.. . Each day we would leave and walk on over to The Sahara to catch the monorail. It's not that far of a walk but let me tell you its kind of a seedy side of town. I would not recommend making this walk solo unless your packing heat or looking to score something (j/k).. . Even though this place didn't knock my socks off I didn't hate it. It's perfect if your on a budget and dont mind being on that side of town.. . I heard they have recently renovated all their rooms and from the pics it actually looks great so maybe one day i'll be back.
I came here on my first trip to Vegas when in college still and on a very tight budget.  A group of 7 of us paid $190 for nonstop air and hotel so for the price we couldn't beat it but it is pretty run down and not really on the best part of the strip.  I have been back to Vegas several times since and unless your on a very tight budget I wouldn't suggest it.  If you are though Imperial Palace is the same price range with a better location.. . As for the tower that was pretty cool going to the top and going on one of the three rides that overhangs off the 1000 ft ledge was very neat.
The rooms just aren't that great here.  It's like a motel room in a hotel.  The jacuzzi suite rooms are definitely nicer but still nothing to write home about.  I didn't really care for the casino either and didn't really gamble here.  It's in a convenient location to quickly get downtown or visit the Strip.  If it's my choice, I'll most likely never stay here again.  For a decent priced Strip hotel, I'd rather stay at Tropicana.
During my last LV trip, I stayed at two different hotels.  For two nights I was a guest at the Strat.  It was great that admission to the Stratosphere viewing tower was free for hotel guests, but three things really got on my nerves about this place:. . 1. We requested a smoking room but ended up in a supposedly non-smoking room.  Although I wasn't there when my friend checked in at the front desk, he later told me that the check-in counter person told him he was getting a smoking room.  However, when we entered the room for the first time - despite the obvious smell of smoke (from a previous guest) - I couldn't locate any ashtrays.  So I called the front desk, but was told it wasn't a smoking room at all - what???. . 2. Self-serve ice machines aren't available on every floor in the hotel.  There wasn't one on our floor, and there definitely wasn't one on the floor below us, either.  So much frustration over a simple thing.. . 3.  As a result of #2 (and due to the unhelpful phone service in #1), my friend and I walked down to the lobbyto find out where exactly those ice machines are located.  After looking around for someone, anyone to ask, we ended up approaching a female employee (it was obvious to us she worked on the actual hotel side instead of the casino part).  She pretty much made it apparent from the start that we were bothering her.  I suppose it's okay if she really doesn't know where the ice machines are located, but what I don't appreciate was the attitude - at least direct us to someone who *does* know the hotel's layout instead of just declaring "that's not part of my job" and walking away.. . All in all, I really don't recommend this place, even at a discount.  Stay at the Strat only if you have absolutely no preferences whatsoever at the hotels you frequent during your vacations.
For the price that the Stratosphere still charges for you to stay here, you would think you were staying at the Mirage, or Treasure Island. I'm not saying those are top notch hotels on the strip but I can far better justify paying over $100 for a nice room in one of those than $139 in the Stratosphere.. . The novelty of this place truly is its view, which I would only really recommend at night because during the day you see Vegas for the kind of dessert it really is. The night view is amazing, but the restaurant should be skipped because at $$$$ I was expecting my steak to dance for me. It didn't.. . The casino is small and smokey, it's kind of old-ish and in need of renovation and the room really transported me back to the Sahara next door which I though the Stratosphere was a bit above. I think if you get this place for very very cheap, it would probably be an ok stay, despite the fact that it is quite further down the strip and you will have to drive.. . Otherwise, just come here for the night view and leave it at that.
The only reason this place is getting 2 stars is becuase if I ever reveiew Circus Circus, it would get one.  . . This place seems dirtier than most other Casinos on the strip. If you are just looking for Cheap, then during the week this place may be what you are looking for.. . If you want any comfort, I'd rather stay at the Hampton Inn or a Motel 6 if you are budget constrained.. . It looks like they remodelled some of the Hotel so it also is not as bad as it used to be.
Casino review only.  This place just bothers me.  The location is sketchy.  The casino has very poor signage.  The employees are unable to competently tell you where to go.  It's designed to just confuse the hell out of you.  I know this is the goal of most casinos so you will just give up and gamble, but please, I am not in the mood.  . . Plus, they are constantly doing some sort of weird construction.  There is an escalator that goes up to the second floor, where you can access the top of the space needle thingy.  Which is the whole point of this place.  But there is construction so there is no escalator that goes down and no stairs, of course.  God forbid a casino provides non-emergency stairs.  So you must cram into a tiny elevator, complete with elevator operator, in order to go down one floor.  The claustrophobic in me protests.
i came here for my 1st trip in vegas a month ago.. . pros. (tower view). (variety of food/shops). (above average drink service). . cons. (getting charged twice for hotel). (being harrased at tables if your a mid/top stakes player). (slippery bathroom floor,  I almost broke my leg). (remotes that hardly work)
The good: the view from the tower is amazing. The bartenders are excellent. The buffet is cheap and not bad, even cheaper with the player's club card discount. The place was clean, and the hotel staff were prompt.. . The bad: obvious hookers, the neighborhood around it is an eyesore, the rooms are ugly and the noise of people opening and closing doors in the hall is as loud as if it were your own door. The TV remote barely worked, and reading other reviews that seems to be all over (couldn't guess why, I tipped the housekeeper to change the batteries). . . Overall: If it's cheap, then go for it. Otherwise, stay elsewhere.
LOCATION:  If you have been to Vegas before, you would know whereit is... It's at THE END OF THE STRIP.  And if you are in Vegas and don't know where it is, look for the tallest thing in Vegas.. . ROOM:  Meh... I asked for a non-smoking room, but I can still smell cigarette.. . CASINO:  I don't like gambling here.  (Especially not in the middle of the night).. . "AMUSEMENT PARK":  Nothing amusing about the rides they have at the top of the stratosphere, but they do have a great view up there.  Unfortunately, you cannot take tripods up to the observation deck.. . OVERALL: If you wanna stay at Vegas on a low budget, this is probably your place.  Their room rates are usually dirt cheap.
Found good prices online for last-minute Vegas trip while in LA over long Memorial weekend to work with a fitness model. Drove rental to Vegas (por fin!) to see that fabled location. Am not a gambler (surviving life challenges is enuff) going just for  area sights, Red Rock Canyon, and night lights. Success in all + walked lots. Reading many hotel reviews, there is more than meets the eye for this hotel.. PROs:. "Great" online prices. at far end of Strip so "quieter". Free access to Tower for fab views of Vegas . Free parking. CONs:. NO microwave. NO frig. NO facial tissue. NO hotel room security. NO free wifi. Smoky, smoking tobacco smell everywhere (yuck). . SELF-PARKING is BEST; drive ur car to hotel side (turn 1st LEFT after passing  IHOP), park on 3rd floor where access to the casino is thru a bridge walkway. Once downstairs inside the casino the check-in is located not 4mins from the entrance to the casino. Very stuck-up clerk informed us hotel room rates fluctuate daily (each day) and that the cost for the room I was getting during MY three day stay was over $100. Don't see why as room was NOT very luxurious! After reading a few of the reviews here, expected the worst....  but unfortunately not all was lost. Room was very spacious w/view fm tower fifth floor of parking garage & roof a/c units. Particular rooms with a "better view" are offered for extra fee, but spoke to one guest in elevator, and though he paid extra for the view, stated he sees the garage also. Very good water pressure BUT tub wall are very high, and one can slip/fall getting into the tub/shower. Thick plastic shower curtain is type seen in hotels decades previous. Be careful! The queen-size beds were very comfortable BUT smoke - even in non-smoking rooms as I had reserved - is still slightly apparent due to the casino below and hotel/casino guests still smoking though there are areas where smoking is not allowed. Confusing hotel layout puts elevators far from the parking garage entry, but doable though NOT not one luggage cart for hotel guests was seen, nor did I see any hotel employee helping w/suitcases inside. Also didn't see one room cleaning maid during my 3-day stay, but of course I was gone from dawn to dusk sight-seeing (staying at number of hotels around the world and throughout USA, I have *always* seen cleaners) but not here!! In every hotel I have stayed in, many "luxury" hotels the beds will be turned down at night, and at the very least, the toilet paper in the bathroom will be a fresh room, with a cute fold starting the roll ~ not here! Nice flat-panel tele e BUT ONLY limited channels included 3 hotel channels! Dresser served its purpose better as a support for the television than for clothing: drilled holes on dresser top in my room, plus several of the drawers had loose knobs and dirt inside; looked to be of very thin construction and very old & ill-maintained. Though hair dryer was available in bathroom, several shampoos and soap in the bathroom + iron/ironing board in "closet" area, there was no security safe nor coffee maker or teas/coffee available. There was nothing I have had previously in hotels/motels of less or similar "luxury" status - I've had better service/room quality in European hostels!! One note of interest is that ALL calls (even local calls) are charged access use "fee", even using a calling card to call home will incur charges! Could easily hear guests next door opening/closing doors & talking in the hall, but did not hear anything from any rooms at all. Bicycle security guards patrol the various floors of the parking garage, but security for rooms itself seem to be non-existent; nobody checks to ensure ONLY registered guests enter the elevators as on the last two days of my stay, there were external Vegas advertising handouts that were slid into the rooms under the door!! Most of all, I hate the smoking allowed throughout the casino, and as the elevators are located far from the parking garage entry, one must WALK many minutes through the casino to get to the elevators, thus exposing everyone to the tobacco smell. Separate review about the tower observation deck is which great.
I know this is an older strip hotel, so I should give it the benefit of the doubt....but really. I expected better quality than I got. What we got was not what was advertised to us. And the room service food wasn't good- the French Dip Sliders were decent (redeeming qualities were the buns and the dipping sauce) but the Macaroni and Cheese was god-awful! Some of the worst Mac-n-Cheese I have tasted in a while. On top of the fact that they lost my boyfriend's reservation. Also to be noted- for the money you save by staying here, you end up paying in cab fares to and from the strip action. One-way to the airport is $30. Just something to think about before you book your stay.
One of the shittiest hotels i have ever stayed at. but i did book the night before so it cost me 150 per night for a sat night. it old outdated smells bad. many better options available for good price. USE KAYAK.com. it works or hotwire.
Just got back from a 3 -night stay at this hotel and will not be returning. We selected the Stratosphere because it was reasonably priced; the Tower fee is waived for guests of the hotel; and the resort fee was included with our Expedia package (WATCH as most hotels charge additional "resort fee" but Expedia will include in some package prices).. . The room was on the 14th floor with a view of the parking deck...ugh. So maybe it wasn't so bad that the only window in the room was small. And behind the curtain on the window sill was our first Vegas souvenior - a can of SKOAL left by the previous guest and forgotten by the maids.. . The bathroom was so small that the door practically hit the toilet seat. And why is the bathroom sink and countertop NOT in the bathroom but in our living area? And lacking such amenities as a soap dish? . . You do get an iron and ironing board - but it makes it difficult to press clothes when the iron is secured tightly to the ironing board like a short leash on a dog. . . The first morning we also realized NO coffee maker in the room!. . We thought we could handle the walking, but this was just too much. We did our best and cabbed it when we got tired. I should have brought my sneakers! But you don't go to Vegas packing Rockport walking shoes. You go for the glitz of it all. . . And because this hotel was so far away, cabbing was a necessity and more than often and adventure. We are from Chicago and cab it quite often, but this crew of cabbies are miserable, sneaky and down right violent. You should be armed with a basic sense of direction, map, cash (because unlike Chicago, they do NOT have to take credit or debit cards) and the phone number of the Taxi Authority. Here is a hint: ALWAYS tell the cab driver you are late for your dinner reservation, show or plane. This will give them a sense of urgency with no questions asked. It worked for us when we needed to get to the RIO and we decided to continue to use that line.. . We went to Planet Hollywood hotel to check out the casino and were floored by the difference in amenities, decor, guests, location. We felt like THAT should be our Vegas experience next time. Even if we have to spend a few more dollars. It will be worth it.
One word to describe the Stratosphere: Decent. It is not a wow factor. We didn't have any trouble checking in. I do have to say that before you even get inside the hotel lobby, there is an unusal smell mixed in with cigarettes. That cheap ass shady motel room smell. Then as soon as you walk in, the cigarette smell is intense but that is how all Vegas hotels are. . . Our room was 8-119. And it was an okay room. The walls are so thin that you can hear what the other person is saying. The view was awful. If you like staring at the parking structure, be my guest. It was awful. The window cleaning guy starts very early in the morning. If you ever stay here and hear something banging against your window, it is him. . . The bathroom was sooooo  small. It doesn't fit two people. My fiance and I tried. The sink is outside the bathroom and the toilet is with the shower. Overall everything was clean. They should really put shower caps for us sistas' with weaves on. They were lacking. . . The shops upstairs are swapmeet style. If you want to buy cheap jewelry, cheap purses, cheap leather jackets, etc, this is joint for you. It is not like The Bellagio that has Gucci and Chanel stores. We only came up here to buy t shirts and thats it. . . On my next Vegas visit, I wont be staying here again. It is too far from the Strip. I hated walking to the Strip and got used to it.  Bring $40. $20 to Strip and $20 back to hotel.
Only stay here if you are broke and want to pay a lot of money to get anywhere in Vegas. The room was actually just fine! But the casino and other amenities (pool, etc.) were trashy and dirty with an 80s feel. Every time we ordered room service they got something wrong, and every time I walked through the lobby I felt depressed (by the decor, or just the people).. . I will say that the lounge at the top of the tower is worth visiting if you aren't staying at the hotel, it has an amazing view and really cool vibe.  Head up there for a nice martini and you will enjoy it.
So I booked the room straight from the hotels website, and I selected a renovated room. When we got to the hotel and checked into room it turns out we were booked into a non renovated room. I don't the room had been properly cleaned (there was a used q tip & a hair on the bathroom counter) but once we called & had maid service come up they cleaned it. We had a pretty decent view and although we were on a non smoking floor there were a few times when I could smell some ones smoke, and having an astry @ the elevators didn't really help. The walls of the room we were in were kind of raunchy looking (I will include pictures of the walls) and we had to have to someone come and repalce the shower head because when we go there it was broken. The comforters on the bed are kind of thin ( I had to ask for an additional blanket & took the other comforter from the second bed). Once we were checked in, everything went pretty well. House keeping came by daily to clean & she seemed a bit anxious on the days that we didn't let her make the beds. She even came in one day & made the bed with all my crap on it.. Basically you get what you pay for, I spent 8 days and paid less than $450 for the whole experience. It's a little far from the actual stripe and the surrounding neighborhood looks a little shaddy, but you can catch the Duece right outside front to take to you just about anywhere. Cab fair to the Encore is gonna run you easily 10-15 each way (& traffic on the stip gets kind of heavy at night) but the Duece is only like $7 for an all ticket. The tower resturant is pretty awesome and the observation deck is cool (it's free if you are staying in the hotel but it's like 16 if you aren't). It wasn't the worse experience ever, but I'm pretty sure I won't be staying here again. . If you're just looking for a place to crash while you party, gamble & do whatever further down the strip and want to spend $40 a night getting to the partying, gambleing & whatever then go for it.
Smelly, old rooms...... . My friend's friend told us we could bunk with him since we were taking a super last minute trip to sin city.  We were under the impression it would be somewhere cheap, but decent like Tropicana or TI.  Apparently he got the cheap part down, but def. bombed on the decent part when he told us it was the stratosphere.  It was too late to book a room somewhere else without putting a dent in our wallets, so thought ok how bad can this place be?  Now I can see why I always see cheap deals as low as 40 bucks for these rooms... . Room smelled like a mixture of stale cigarettes, mold, and funky butt.   The sheets were all pilled and I don't even want to think about if they were clean or not.  The decor is old and outdated, carpet looked nasty.  The hotel and casino in general is really old. Our view sucked, yay the parking garage.   Located on the BFE part of the strip, so far from anything good.  . . Stratosphere would be promising if they at least revamped it.  Even Imperial palace is much better since they cleaned up that place and did some remodeling.
It was my first time in Vegas and I went with my friend John, now John is a vegas junkie, usually he travels out there in November and March every year. He loves hitting ther strip during March Madness.. . Anyway, he had found a deal at his travel agent, he booked us two different deals, one was at Treasure Island, that deal included airfare. The other deal was two days and three nights at the Stratosphere, free. When you checked in they gave you 100 dollars in free slot play, 50 bucks cash, and free buffet. All we had to do was check in, go to the room, mess up the beds and go stay in comfort at  Treasure Island. One catch, we had to participate in a slot tourniment one of the days we were there. You had to sign up at the front desk. The tourny was every hour on the hour from 8 am to 8pm. So we signed up for 2 pm the next day to fullfill our requirements to recieve the free room.. . The Stratosphere was in some sort of finacial trouble it seems and were giving rooms away to get people to gamble in their hotel. So we got our room keys (NO BELLHOPS?) we took a very old, creeky elevator to our floor and when John opened up his door he noticed people in bed watching TV, it was pretty funny, not to the people in bed though, but I still chuckle about it when he brings it up. They got it straighten out and apologized.. . The place was a hole, I mean a real dump. We couldn't wait to get out of there and check in at Treasure Island. We each had fifty bucks cash from the Stratosphere and returned the next day to play in the tourny, I did'nt do very well, there but i did dump the hundred dollers in free slot play in a 5 dollare machine and walked out well ahead.. . But seriously, there are so many nice places to stay in Vegas.. . PS, rode the roller coaster at the top, I will never do that again, that is one crazy ass ride!
This hotel is probably idea for smokers or people who love the smell of cigarette smoke.  If you are sensitive to smells and indoor air quality, stay away.  Like, don't even visit the casino or the rides.  . . I'm conflicted about this place.  On the one hand, it was really, really cheap to stay here for a week, on the Strip, in Vegas, in a room with two queen beds.  Check in and check out were painless.  They upgraded me from a 6th floor to a 23rd floor room on Sunday.. . However, if you go to other hotels on the strip you're going to get major location, fanciness, and smell envy.  Yes, smell envy.  Let me start there.. . The casino in the Strat smells like disgusting stale smoke.  While there are signs when you get off the elevator saying "Non smoking floor."  Why they bother to say that when they clearly don't enforce it is a source of consternation for me.  There were even cigarette marks on the toilet seat in my room on the 23rd floor.  When patrons come up the elevators to your floor, they also bring an elevator full of gross smoke smell.  There are also ashtrays at the entrance to the elevators.  ON A NON SMOKING FLOOR.  HELLO.. . The room itself also had terrible air quality.  I could smell smoke strongly in the first room I had, not so much in the second.  But the second's air conditioner had some sort of janky filter rigged to the AC which was full of dust.  Our noses were running the entire time.. . Also, there seemed to be construction going on above our room.  At 7 in the morning.  On a Sunday.  It sounded like people banging on wood and dropping things.. . I'll update this review as I remember more stuff but overall, if I had to do it again, I'd go with Circus Circus, which is cheaper, bigger, and closer to the action.
My husband and I spent a weekend in Las Vegas 2 weeks ago. Before booking with travelocity i went to the stratosphere's website and looked at all the pictures. i was very impressed and excited about our relaxing stay. unfortunately when we got there it was a different story. our room looked worse than something form a motel 6. in fact i have stayed at nicer motels. Our room was old and disgusting, the shower didn't work. and it make the stay very uncomfortable. We go to las vegas every year to get away, we will never stay in this hotel again. we were very unsatisfied.
The stratosphere is the worst casino on the strip!. . Let's start with the building, it is old and in disrepair. It is still safe building but the inside and outside are dated and need to be updated. I expected the buffet to be wonderful but when it was all said and done I ate more cold cereal than I did anything else. Not worth the money or your time, you would get better food at a vending machine.. . One of the big things that draws people to the stratosphere is the viewing deck and the rise of top however the cost just to get upstairs is astronomical. In less you are going up to ride one of the many amusement rides it is not worth your money.. . The only thing that was good at the stratosphere was their show the bite. It had comedy, acrobatic acts, nudity, and magic. It was a pretty neat show other than that stay away from the stratosphere.
We stayed here for one Friday night while passing through, but it was more than enough as a future reminder to not stay here for any future stays.. . We got to the hotel registration around midnight, and there was a ~20 people deep wait just to get checked in. With just 4 people working the computers to do the check in, everyone seems frustrated and dreary eye to just get a room.. . Oi...get into a non-smoking room around the 10th floor and it STILL reeks of cigarette smokes. Ick! I know I know...it's Vegas--you have indoor chain smokers everywhere. There really is no such thing as "non-smoking" options. . . At all costs, try to avoid a room across or near the elevators as our room was across from an elevator and it was loud that it was a nuisance when you're just trying to sleep. Topple that with blinds that don't fully block out the lights from outdoors. Yea...not a pleasant experience. . . Yea...you get what you pay for here: old, smoky, outdated, sketchy drunks and gamblers stumbling on casino floor.
We used to stay at here every year for our anniversary, but the last year we had a few bad experiences. First off they changed the TOP OF THE WORLD's food and it is not as good as it used to be. We used to have our anniversary dinner here every year since before my husband proposed, and every year after! That is till last year. That was 6 years!! We also loved the menu at Roxy's Dinner and had gone there every chance we got, but for the rest of the hotel forget it. I don't understand why they can't keep a record of returning customers preferences!? I had to tell them every time that itwas our anniversary. At The SWAN hotel in Orlando we dropped a bottle of wine coming into the hotel in front of a valet and he found out that it was for our birthday celebration and when we got back from our day at the park there was a bottle of wine similar to the one we dropped, with a happy birthday note!!! Now that is customer service!!  . . The year before last I booked the sweet heart suite and when we got there that was not what they gave us. I called down and told them the room was the wrong one and they said it was my fault, that I booked it wrog. They did try to make it better (after some arguing) and gave us a different room. Which was great! It was a suite that looked out right onto the Sky Jump. It tickled me to watch the people as they went by my window all day and night!! I laughed every time. I love it so much that I asked to book that same room for when we return, the lady said no problem that we could get that same room. I paid the higher price so I could have the SAME room!! When we came back they didn't give us the same room! They put us way on the other side of the hotel! I told them it was the wrong room and that I wanted the same room we had last time, that the lady I booked with said we could get the same room. They said that that room was rented out but they could put us in a room near it, I said the whole point I wanted that room was so I could watch the people fall past my window! . . The room they gave us you could see the jump unless you pressed your face to the window and only just barely. The room smelled when we walked in, there were stains on the couch, mold all over the bathroom shower, and dirty feet print on the bottom of the tub! I wasn't going to call again because it just seemed like there was no use. Then, they called us and told us that we can't stay our whole stay in that room because they had a VIP coming that was going to be put into that room. Now that really chapped my hide!!! I told them "So you are saying this person is more important than us??!! They basically told us they were, and we were out of the room. I told them I wouldn't be coming back, and that they might want to rethink putting their "VIP" in that room!. . For even cheaper, $16 a night, we stayed at the Boulder Station Hotel & Casino that has newly renovated rooms, and the restaurant has phenomenal food!  So if you don't care about staying on the strip stay at the Boulder Station Hotel & Casino.
This place was horrible, well maybe just not that great.  I stayed there on the Friday before New Years Eve, when the rooms are quite expensive.  They put me in a room that was had not even been made up yet.  I called the front desk.  They asked me to come to the lobby again for new keys.  There was no room upgrade for the inconvenience.  The new room was not that great.  And they even put me in the remodeled wing of the hotel.  I would not feel safe walking around this area at night.
In Vegas, you are always going to get a little lost in a casino.  So yeah, you're going to ask for directions from time to time.. . Only once have I been to Stratosphere.  Upon entry, I had no idea where I was going and was supposed to meet with my friends who were staying there in the hotel.  I asked for directions, and the response I got from a woman who worked there was less than friendly.  She basically said, "Just read the signs!" and pointed to them in a very rude way.  I was stunned at her lack of customer service skills.  My first thought, "Thanks for trying to make me feel like an idiot.". . Very bad FIRST IMPRESSION.. . Room serice was awesome though. 24/7 room service available...got waffles at 3 am.  They weren't too bad, either.
I bet back in the day Stratosphere use to be an awesome hotel to stay at. But now time has passed it by.. . It just feels like an old casino off the stripe now. There's nothing sexy about this place. . -no really good restaurants or buffets here.. . -the bar/lounge on top is lame.. . -no good attractions to draw you in. . . -The guest that stay here are old/ugly/ and just depressing. . . -rooms resemble a motel 6, no fridge, small closet, and bad views. . . Overall, if you want a cheap room then this is the place but it's not really good for a TRUE vegas experience in my opinion. . . I think there's better places to stay in Vegas for comparable prices.
This was my first time ever staying at the Stratosphere hotel (6/7-6/8), and this was on the tail end of our family's Las Vegas/Grand Canyon vacation.  We only stayed overnight in the Select Tower, and it was booked through Expedia, which had a very low advertised price.. . The room that we stayed in was good, the beds looked nice and the furniture/decor was modern, too.  I read some of the other reviews which said that their room looked outdated and worn.  I'm not sure if this depended upon which tower they stayed in, but I was satisfied with the room I stayed in.. . However, I do have to comment on a few things:  1)  the bathroom lighting is dim - there is only one light and it's on the vanity over the sink area.  The rest of the bathroom looked and seemed dark,  2)  The closet is rather tall and narrow, so there wasn't a lot of space to stow stuff if you have more than two people in the room, 3)  my sleep was marred by the presence of unruly and inconsiderate young twentysomethings who seemed to think that it was okay to be noisy and boisterous at 3:00 a.m. in the morning.. . It is on this item that I am going to hit upon and expand upon.. . The hotel, given its positioning on thestrip, seemed to be dominated by the younger crowd, although everybody was represented there.  The casino area seemed to be lacking in energy like the other casinos I'd seen closer to the center of the strip.  However, the young crowd that I encountered probably chose the Stratosphere hotel because it was what they could afford.. . If that really was the case, I shouldn't have been surprised that they would act in a way that was consistent with their self-centered personalities.  At 3:00 a.m. in the morning, a small group of people came down the hallway from the elevator bank and were talking very loudly.  So loud that they woke me up - not a wise thing to do.  I actually went to my room's front door, opened it up, and told them to pipe down or I'd call security.  Since they didn't seem to listen or care, I called for security to come up and check out my noise complaint.  Things quieted down shortly after I made the call.. . Given that I could clearly hear them through the door, the doors must be hollow-core or made of something else that allows sound to be transmitted through fairly easily.  Regardless, because of the crowd that seemed to be drawn to this hotel, I probably am not going to come again.  I don't want to have to deal with obnoxious, immature people, and they were everywhere!  I encountered them in the elevator, in the halls, at the shops, and on the casino floor.  It was more painfully evident to me when I saw the crowd gathered at the Starbucks Coffee area outside of the elevators to the Select Tower.. . The only real draw of this hotel is probably the observation deck in the tower, which paid guests can visit for free by swiping their cardkey.  Otherwise, you'd have to pay a hefty price for the privilege to go up there.. . So, I give Stratosphere a low mark because of the clientele it attracts.  Knowing what I know now, I'm not going to subject myself or my family to the boisterous antics of immature adults.. . Oh, and the adjacent neighborhood surrounding the hotel?  It seemed very ghettoish.  It felt like East St. Louis - depressed, dark, and run-down.  Even the motel across the street from the taxi drop-off area is closed and dilapidated.  A heavy atmosphere hung over the area as I drove around the hotel property.
I've stayed at the Strat at least once a year for the last five years.  This has always been an out of the way hike from the main strip, but it used to be a cheap and fun place to stay.  Sadly I've seen a steady decline at this place.  The closing of the Sahara down the street seems to have hit this place hard.  Five years ago this was a cheap place to stay with a lot of entertainment right in the building.  Now it's only good for a cheap place to stay if you plan to spend your days elsewhere, especially if you have already seen the view from the tower.  The current owners bought this place about five years ago at the height of the real estate bubble.  Since that time they've lost money almost every month and have engaged in some serious cost cutting to try and ride out the recession.  In the last five years they've closed Polyester's nightclub, Lucky's Diner, the celebrity impersonator show, the topless pool on the roof, their steakhouse restaurant and bar,  and most of the live bands that play in the casino.  The impersonator show used to be fun for kids and adults alike.  Now they've got very little in the way of entertainment or dining going on.  . . The slot machines used to be among the loosest in Vegas, on my most recent visit I noticed the average payout for a bonus round was about $20.  Yawn.  OK, this is the same story at most of the casinos since the recession hit, but they used to have decent rules blackjack tables with $5 minimums.  On my most recent visit last weekend I was appalled to learn that they now pay 6:5 blackjack on most of their  tables.  They still have a few 3:2 tables, but they have $10 minimums, so of course all the clueless morons flock to the $5 minimum tables with the 6:5 payout.  If you want the 3:2 payout, you'll probably be sitting alone at a table, which I don't like.. . On a recent visit I stayed at the Plaza downtown.  Brand new rooms for less that the Stratosphere, the Freemont Street experience and all the entertainment there nightly right outside the front door, and the Golden Nugget right down the street with some of the best blackjack rules in Vegas.  Looks like I'll be spending most of my visits downtown from now on.  So long, Stratosphere.
Don't make early reservation on those online deals from credit cards, rewards, etc. By the time u get to the hotel u will not be in their priority list. The best room could probably give u is a 2 beds facing a parking lot or back area of the hotel ughhh.. Trust me its not pretty specially if u wanted it to be a nice romantic room! We got ripped off paid 20 bucks more cause we reserved it early and got a crappy room.. . . The bathroom was too small.. Everything was so standard! Don't expect it to look like the one's in the pictures. Lol. . Pool is so low 3ft only and drinks were alright... . Their buffet and attraction were the only good thing about this place..but pricey...
They call this hotel "on the strip," but with Sahara closed, the Stratosphere is on an island and a serious distance from any strip action. If you don't mind taking a bus or walking a mile to do ANYTHING outside of hotel amenities, this is the hotel for you! You can find a room pretty cheap, but you will pay for it when you have to replace your walking shoes at the end of your vacation. Only saving grace is they do have a newly remodeled Sports Book and, since you are seriously on an island, you will have plenty of space to watch sports. Food prices were excellent and it was easy to place a bet and I would seriously recommend this Sports book to everyone if you didn't have to travel miles to get there. . . If you do decide to save cash and stay here, make sure you get a bus pass ($8 for 24 hours and there are deals out there) and make sure you eat at Roxy's Diner. The Diner's food was excellent and pretty reasonably priced for Vegas. . . Overall, the best reason to stay here is because you want to spend your money on everything else in Vegas AND don't mind traveling 30 minutes by bus to MGM.
I stayed in this hotel a couple nights and while it wasn't terrible, it still left a lot to be desired. It is in a pretty good location, between Fremont and the activity at the south end of the strip, but you will still need to drive or take a taxi to those areas.. . The room we got was mediocre and did not really have a view of anything other than a wall. There were some stains inside the drawers and the tissue box was never replenished. And on the last night, the shower/bathtub drain clogged!. . There's a $7.50 per night resort fee in addition to the regular charge that is supposed to cover these amenities, but obviously it wasn't enough! This fee also gives you access to the top of the tower, which is listed as a $60 value. This doesn't include the rollercoaster and so all you can do is look around. That's cool and all, but why would it even cost $60 to ride up an elevator? And once was enough.. . The casino part itself is pretty decent, and the buffet is an okay price for being on the strip.. . This is not a bad establishment, but as far as staying over here, it could definitely use some improvements.
I knew it wasn't going to be the Venetian, but I didn't know that black oil-like substance would spew from the tub mid-bubble bath.... No one knew what it was, and I really don't believe they ever even looked into it. I asked them to leave us a message letting us know what they found out, I was curious to know what it was that I was sitting in for a minute and I never heard about it again.. Of course they offered to move us out of that room so they can fix it, but I actually had to ASK to be upgraded to a better suite. That should have been offered. No one at the front desk seemed apologetic, or even surprised, which was concerning. . They need to be a bit more thorough with their cleaning, there were body hairs in the bathroom when we were first checking into the new room.. Two stars for the upgraded suite with a big whirlpool tub that I definitely appreciated.
This review is only for the Casino.  It was pretty empty people wise. Not much going on, and a lot of what felt like empty walls. Most of the employees at the tables looked unprofessional dressed in ugly football jerseys. Don't get me wrong, I saw this at multiple casinos, but it was typically limited to a single table. Not all the tables :/ Maybe that was why no one was playing. I'll give this place another chance next time, the lady at the Ace desk was very nice.
Too bad it's so far away from the strip.. . Went to the NYE party here, and I can say it's the best seat in Vegas for the fireworks show.
This review is for the casino only.  The Stratosphere is in a ghetto fabulous area that you don't wanna walk around at nite, supposedly on The Strip, but not really close at all.  Parking is a pain winding up and up the garage - I felt dizzy just riding in the car!  I got a players card and no free comps, free play, nothing.  Just an incentive to play to get a % off the buffet.  The slots there were acceptable - not the tightest ever.  The cocktail waitresses were good about coming around.  It's an OK place to play...
If you need a place to crash that's inexpensive, this will do.  I just have to say though, it's really not a very nice place.  Our room was actually dirty with paint splatters all over the counter, bulbs out, paint chipped. On the flip side, it was $35/night... so oh well.  This facility is also a LONG walk from anything else on the strip, so if you want to be closer to things, this isn't your place.
This review is for the observation deck only as I did not have time for any of the restaurants. It's a fun thing to do but honestly I was underwhelmed by the guest service. I was there on 3/31/13. The line was decently long, however there was trash everywhere. In a 15 min wait I saw so many food wrappers and bottles left in line by guests, where is the clean staff? The elevator ride was fast, and there was a fairly old operator but barely spoke any English and nobody could understand the speech he was attempting to give. The view was nice enough, but trying to get down we waited in a room of clustered elevators and literally the first 3 we tried we couldn't go to the ground on, they only served the restaurants and club up there. However there was no sign as to which one would take us down and the operators there seemed peterbed the more people asked them which one. The lady on the way down was better but was kind of boring. None of them smiled or seemed to like being there. Now in reality, I'm an elevator operator at the Space Needle in Seattle, and was quite surprised at the lack of enthusiasm and service from the staff compared to the level of service I personally am used to giving. I was excited to meet operators from the stratosphere and talk shop but they seemed so bored and blah I didn't bother. The Eiffel Tower on the strip is a WAY better view.
It is what it is - a dated hotel, in themiddle of the strip with nothing around.. . The draw is the big old saucer sitting at the top. Yup!. I was here for the Stair Climb that takes place inside one of the struts and supports the American Lung Association.. . I booked on line and it was extremely cheap and affordable. What was a bummer, was that the "deal" price that American Lung Assoc got, was more than the on line price. Boo.. . I did not choose to upgrade my room to have a re-ferbed room and to have a view. There is a whole saucer up there to enjoy the view from, duh. And i was really only coming in to do the race and head back home. So i did not upgrade. My room was directly in front of the elevators. ugh. There was a limited power plugs, furnishings were dated, but i'm assuming once the full refurb gets done this will be updated.. . We were in a handicapped accessible room, which is fine, but there was no place in the bathroom to put your stuff. Barely room to stick your tooth brush. And the towels were across the room. I pity the handicapped person attempting to dry off after their shower or bath.. . Elevators were pretty speedy. Shops were ok. Restaurant on site had a great menu, we enjoyed some wonderful appetizers. . . I'm not a gambler, but the casino seemed small and meh. The smoke smell wasn't too terrible, but certainly noticeable since i was there to do a race for American Lung Association.. . Note: there is a starbucks on site and they do a pretty good job!. . All in all - it's the stratosphere...  take it for what it is. You get what you get!
Sorely disappointed. Such a shame seeing as how the top of the world used to be our favorite restaurant
A smoker's delight.  The suite smells like an ashtray and the HVAC blows second hand smoke in my room.  There were college kids partying in the hallways til about 4 am.  The casino is a smokey hell hole.  ON the plus side, it was pretty cheap and the pool was nice.
I've been here before and was a lot better experience. We will start with the things that really pissed me off.. WiFi $12 a day per device. I understand the making money part of it all but that is kind of bad, really bad. All my devices at home cost $45 a month. .   Second thing was the pool, more precisely the cabana we rented.  The cabana was fine and the service was good but when the bill comes around they slapped a 20% gratuity charge.  This was not mentioned anywhere nor were we told about it when booking it.  (It ended up being $30 extra). Now our server deserved 20% but the 20 was also charged on the $95 cabana. To make it worse as she brought us stuff I was tipping her good not knowing there was the 20% gratuity.  I hate, hate, hate feeling like I got ripped off and that's how I felt.  I expect to be swindled at the slots, not at the pool.
When I first checked into the hotel everything was excellent! We were offered an upgrade for a decent price. My mom has a medical problem and we were given a complimentary refrigerator for it which they sent up very quickly. The stay was really good everyone that worked in the shops were really nice helpful and respectful. I lost my credit card in the hotel and it was returned my a staff member. I had to wait about an hour at the front desk because the Supervisor was caught up in something but the Security guard that was there was real nice and funny and kept me entertained. We then went to see the show Pin-up which everyone recommended not to see and I now know why. We arrived 25 min early and greeted by a really nice lady and seated. They were going around serving drinks in sections. They went to every section but the 10 of us in our section we waited about an hour into the show before I went up there and asked when we were receiving a server to order drinks they then came over about 6 min later and asked what we wanted but by then the show had 10 more min left. The show was very dry and not very entertaining. The housekeeping who took care of room was really nice. Towards the end of my stay the refrigerator that was given to us froze my moms medication. We figured that the medicine was ruined because it says do not freeze but she still needed to take it till we got home just in case. So we let it defrost and checked the temperature to make sure that it some how wasn't moved to a colder setting which it wasn't. We didn't tell any staff about it that day. The next night she goes to put in her medication for her eyes and it was half way frozen but was able to get out some drops. We then called the room service in the morning because we were going to sleep. In the conversation with the front desk at 10am we were told that housekeeping will be up with a refrigerator. Security came up and did a report who he was really nice and answered everything that he can. And also stated that housekeeping will be up. We waited about half hour and left thinking by the time we come back it will be changed out. We got back into the hotel at 1:53am and it was still the same refrigerator with my moms medication frozen again. We called front desk wondering why one never came up. They stated they didnt know why and they will call housekeeping but we didnt need a new one we were leaving in 5 hours. I then called housekeeping which I waited on hold for 8 min and then received a housekeeper that says that she guesses that she is a little busy and the front desk cancelled the order thats why it never came. And decides to get really rude when I start asking her questions. I called the front desk and spoke with Carol who was really helpful and concerned with the situation and didn't really know what to say and was relaying messages from her Supervisor. I then became very Irate because it seemed like nobody is concerned about my moms well being. I told her that I would be down there shortly to speak with them face to face. At this point in time I no longer wanted to spend money in Stratosphere. I came downstairs very hostile were Julio the supervisor explained that I needed to calm down or I would be escorted off the premises. I did and he was very helpful nice and understanding and Comped our night and Resort fee. I then apologized to him and Carol for anything that I did to offend or disrespect them. The Security officer Mr.Ellis was very helpful and concerned as well. 5 hours later when its time to checkout which we were told we can do on our TV wouldn't let us. When i get down to the front desk there were 3 clerks all busy with a 4 more people ahead of me. When I finally get to the desk I told him that we were checking out and he said that in order for me to get that money I had to wait for him to do the math and paperwork. Because I waited i then missed my shuttle to the airport and had to wait an hour for the next one!
By far the most disgusting hotel I've ever stayed at. Upon arrival, our room was not clean, the cleaning lady was sitting on the bed talking on her cell phone while watching Maury. When she saw us at the door, she continued talking on her phone and took her cleaning supplies with her. She said, "I'm done. Go ahead," as she was walking out. There were used tissues on the night stand- both on and in it. The trash cans were not emptied. Ek! Disgusting. I spent a week here and did not want any of their lazy maids to clean the room again. I just called the front desk when I needed things. Worst experience ever.. . Two stars because at least the front desk people were nice.
My girlfriends and i chose this hotel as part of a Southwest package but regretted it within an hour of arriving there. We arrived at 12:30pm and opted to choose early check-in to pay extra. We were assigned a room in the North Tower and as we entered the elevator to go up to the 24th floor, a guy jumps into the elevator totally drunk, does not select a floor and then follows us when we hop out. We wait in the hallway and pretend to use our phone as we do not want him to follow us to our room and he is flustered, mumbles something and then jumps back into the elevator. We were freaked out!!. . We get to our room and are so disappointed. It is tiny and there is hardly room for 3 of us to move and there is barely any sunlight in the room from a small window. We call security and inform then of what happened and they promise to send someone to checkout but never do. And to add insult to injury, the water is cutoff from 1-2pm. Why did they offer us early checkin if we cannot even shower or use the bathroom!. . We went back to the registration desk and complained loudly and were ushered away from the guests into the managers office. He offered us a free upgrade to a better room as we insisted on a room which had more guests and traffic so we would not have the same experience. They reluctantly agreed.. . Although they did fix the issue we never felt safe in that hotel and will never go back there again.
I'll start with the good: . Clean rooms, friendly registration staff, pretty quiet, and not as smokey in comparison to other strip casinos! . The bad: . It's frustrating that at the rate  you pay you don't even get free wifi. This could be the only hotel on the strip that doesn't have it! Ridiculous. . No coffee maker in the room, a lot of vegas hotels are the same, but it would be a nice perk.. Far from the main casinos on the strip, so if you plan on walking, wear comfortable shoes. . The advertise free entrance to the tower. It is a bit misleading, because everyone thinks that includes the attractions, it does not!!! . . For a $16 resort fee, they can at least pay for your WiFi. Instead they give you cheap shampoo. (you're paying for that).
No return business from me...  . . Pros: low rates and pretty friendly staff. . Cons:. 1. Technically on the strip, but nowhere near where the action is. 2. Nickel-and-dime system... I've never been in a hotel that not only doesn't provide guests a free kiosk to print boarding passes, but also charges $5 for the concierge to deliver a faxed or emailed pass. 3. My mom ate the food and reported it was of a low quality. 4. In the shady part of town. 5. TV was faulty, no luggage stand. . Was in one of the remodeled rooms and it was decent, but far below stellar.. . Full disclosure: before coming over to this hotel for a little family reunion I was in a suite at the Cosmopolitan. This Stratosphere place can't possibly compete with that--no way (can't hold a candle to it).. . If you're on a tight budget perhaps, but otherwise...  next time I'm staying ensconced at the Cosmo.. . Note: one of the hotel staff--embarrassed that having to charge to print boarding passes--did it for free.
Las Vegas has changed in the last 14 years... And this hotel has suffered for it.  The exceptional view of the strip from our room on the 23rd floor.... It doesn't exist anymore and is now blocked with new hotels and the climate control was lousy.  The Oasis Suite that I "upgraded" to, was less than expected and not as shown on their website. .     On the plus side, the bathroom was giant and fabulous and we made full advantage of the giant jetted tub.  Shower had great water pressure, which is a real plus.  The people were nice and helpful and we won $$$.  So, all is well...
Service is good, the rooms are okay, the carpets are dirty with stains, the walls are paper thin and you can hear drunk people at all times. There is resort fee but there is no resort to be found. Its okay for a night's stay any more you will go crazy
Besides the tower, this place is a lower end 2-tier motel. I was lucky to only be staying the night. If you're accustomed to staying at Strip Hotels like Ceasars and Mandalay, you'll spaz walking into this place. To it's credit, the room was clean but the AC didn't work properly, there was no safe in the room and two of the lamps in the room were out. The 2 stars I gave it were from the room service. I got my order in about 12 minutes, no problems. Despite the quality room service, I wont be back.
