Maybe next time I should try coming again with lowered expectations =P  So, after waiting 2+ hours in line and thinking about all the wonderful foods that will be awaiting (king crab legs, prime rib, rack of lamb, and DESSERTS!!) I was pretty hungry by the time we got to the front of the line.  Be careful here folks, if you have a group of 5+ and there's more than 2 groups of 5+ waiting, the hostess(s) may get confused and you'll have to wait a little longer while they rearrange the seating charts(ahem, poor coordination LOL )   We were seated and drinks brought promptly, but then the waiter didn't check on us until about 45 minutes later, when we had really required liquids about 20 minutes after they initially seated us.  . . So, given that I was uber hungry, Everything should've tasted pretty spectacular right? WRONG!  The prime rib was bland, the seafood wasn't fresh, and the only meat really worth having was the Rack of Lamb- it was seasoned quite well and the meat fell off the bones!  The fish was alright- Salmon was overcooked.  I kept going back for cheese and savory hams!  So I thought, ok, the dessert should redeem my meal.  Well, unfortunately the only thing that met the internal standard of my palate was the Creme brulee- it was yummeeee!!  The other cakes were really blah- strawberry mousse, mango mousse, the carrot cake, the tiramisu was totally off!  Man, seriously i believe that it could've been better for a dinner buffet that costed about $37 (weekday).  Ahhh find a way to impress me next time Wynn- You got nothing over Bellagio ;)
I've heard a lot of hype about the buffet at Wynn and I had to experience it myself to see what it's all about. Without a doubt in my mind it didn't meet my expectations considering there are lots of choices when it comes to food. For $87 fortwo people I'd expect better selection. .            .             The only foods that I can remember I liked was the King crab and the pot stickers, everything else was just mediocre. The dessert selection was just terrible, kinda like the Golden Corral quality. Common, what's all this hype? I've tried just about every buffet restaurant in Vegas at the major casinos and only one stands out above all and that's the Bellagio hands down. They even give you silverware. The worst part of the Wynn buffet is the dessert selection, compare it to Bellagio, $27.95  and it'll speak for itself.  Why waste your money and not get what you pay for?  All in all It depends on what you like. . .            Everyone runs for the crab and prime rib and that's all there is to talk about there on the main meal. I was told there was gelato! what gelato? I know what gelato looks and taste like and they did not have any. Some people are making false statements about the food at the Wynn. They must have been too hungry to know the difference in food qualtiy. Sushi? ha, it was a total joke!  Your local grocery store has better. Common, are people supposed to be taken this stupid? They should leave out foods they do not know how to make. It leaves a bad taste to remember. Someone mentioned the food quality at the Wynn is better than the Bellagio! are you serious! you can't be serious. No way is it even close. I'm sure most will agree. . .               From the start, Bellagio compared to the Wynn. Better meat selection, better sushi (although I see it sub par), best in dessert hands down, better service, and of course better pricing. What else is more needed? Still think the food quality at the Wynn is better? NO WAY! That's like saying the Pontiac Fiero is better looking than a Ferrari, well, that just depends on the individual right?
As the 2 Stars indicate - I've experienced better.. . Went there for lunch before heading out of Las Vegas. Our expectations were high since this was the Wynn. We did not eat at any buffets this trip. The line was short and we were seated promptly.. My wife like it more than I did, she would probably rate it 3 stars. Our bill was $60 including tip.. . Every dish I tried was underwhelming. The carved beef had no flavor, the green beans were practically raw. Not a good lunch buffet. The braised salmon was not salmon....mystery fish. It was some sort of white fish. The BBQ beef brisket was very bad and ended back out and into a napkin.. The carrot cake was not good.. I did like the spring roll, smoked salmon and the iced tea.. . Sorry Wynn, not again for lunch. Maybe we will try it for dinner when we return.
I would have given it four stars when I first came here several years ago but several years later I can't give it four stars.  We came here for lunch which was $23 and while $23 isn't expensive for buffet at the Wynn, the restaurant lacked variety, creativity, and change.  After eating at Wicked Spoon which charges $27 for dinner one would think the Wynn would offer something spectacular.  The display of the food was boring, the variety was non existent and the taste of the food wasn't very good.  For example the pad thai didn't taste like a pad thai, the turkey was way too dry, the clam chowder looked like goo, and the only thing that was half way decent was the ice cream.  . . This buffet was once the best buffet on the strip but it got complacent.  It's like an athlete who made it to the big leagues and then decided he or she didn't need to work out, train, or just get better.  I don't know if the dinner would be better but lunch wise it was kind of like buffets in Reno.
Champagne brunch was a big disappointment.  Cost $39.95 with unlimited champagne or bloody marys.  $31.95 without alcohol.  Food was nothing special and the selection was limited.  Your better off at Cravings in the Mirage.  There were no crab legs, no Kobe steak and no turkey.  They did have prime rib.
For the quality, rather overpriced (which was disappointing given last time it was great). Nothing really seemed fresh. Also, I don't think a single person knew what gluten meant (for example, when I asked about the bloody marys to see if they were safe, the response was 'they have tomatoes, do those have gluten?'). There was also a bad seafood smell at the fron oof the restaurant.. . Probably won't check it out again.
Wow what a difference a year makes.  They use to have king crab legs and everyone raved about the dessert bar.. . Came here last wknd and no more king crab, just snow crab.  That's all I usually eat at buffets so I was really dissapointed.  . . The dessert bar had gelato which was pretty good but I won't come back here unless they bring back the king.
Nothing special.. . If you have been to many Vegas buffets, the ones at the big casinos are always "good" ,so to truly get above average, they really have to be special.     This one has a great dessert section, so if that is your thing you may like this place a lot more than me.  I did not try any of the desserts.  But the rest was not special and actually the food had amazingly little taste.  The seafood pot pie sounded great but was bland.  The seafood risotto was very oily but little taste.  The sushi was skimpy and less tasty than what you would find in a neighborhood sushi place.  The chinese apps section was also like what you'd find at a neighborhood place.  Sure, they have carved beef and roasted turkey but so does everywhere else.  If you are staying there, it is fine, but definitely not worth a journey.
What a disappointment!  Although it was rated as one of the best buffets in Vegas, it turned out to be worse worse than average.  Note: we went here for lunch, not for dinner.  Maybe they serve better food after 4pm?. . Why such scathing review?  Let's see:. . They promised sushi and ceviche.  From sushi, there were only salmon and cucumber rolls--with 5 times more rice than salmon.  I disassembled the rolls, extracted the small piece salmon inside, and realised that it tasted like it was cured to allow it to last longer.  Only one of the ceviches actually had seafood (the other was mushroom seviche).  I tried the scallops that I was able to fish out--they tasted like pure vinegar.. . Pretty much all the fish they had was overcooked: baked salmon, fried tilapia; smoked salmon tasted icky.  Only the sea bass was worth coming back for.  There was also a delicious polish sausage.  Anything else?  Not really: rubbery meat; average salads; cold sauteed bok choy (it's only good while it's still hot).  The only redeeming factor of this buffet was the strawberry cheesecake, that was absolutely amazing.  I think I had 4 shotglasses.  (They serve dessert in shotglasses.). . So I was full, but I wasn't satisfied by the experience.
This place was actually really bad. When you get yourself all psyched up for a buffett at a higher end hotel in Las Vegas, you're expecting a little something special. . This was a very ordinary and unimpressive buffet. A lunch time spread entirely of side dish style items, some lukewarm pizza and some overcooked prime rib. Where was the seafood - crabslegs and shrimp? Nowhere to be found. WTF??. . 1 star for the nice staff. 1 star for nice restaurant.. . Thats it. Save yourself from disappointment - hit the Buffett at the Cosmopolitan, Aria, Ceasars, Bellagio or PH. Avoid Wynn.
This was quite a disappointing experience for me.. . We showed up an hour before closing, around 9:30P. Paid the exhorbitant per person fee only to find that they had run out of Prime rib, were not intending on replenishing, and tried to substitute that with flank steak. Sigh. . I understand if we had shown up as the doors were about to close and the prime rib wasn't available, but cmon this is a pricey, supposedly upscale buffet where running scarce on prime rib should be a foreseen issue. . . The rest of their food was ok at best, with none really catching my eye or compelling me to come back for seconds.. . I will say that the best part of the buffet was their dessert section. Extensive selection for varying tastes. Awesome creme brulee and gelato.
It wasn't bad, but I was hoping for better.  I thought the selection was not very good and the seafood was not fresh.  The crab leg was so salty that it was difficult to eat more of it (perhaps that was the plan to limit food intake).  . . I would recommend Wicked Spoon at Cosmo, they're way better.
So much hype! We were promised that this was going to be an amazing experience and it really wasn't.  Maybe my taste buds and stomach were not ready for the explosion of food since I had gone to another buffet earlier in the day.. . The "highlight" of this buffet is the crab legs.  I ate them only because I figured that it was the only way I could get my money's worth. But the crab legs were cold, salty and not even that good.  Plus, you have to wait in a long line just to get to it; it's not worth it.. . The prime rib was actually pretty good. I did like it.  I also liked the gelato selection at the dessert area.. . Speaking of desserts, they were probably better than the entrees.  The hot brownie was also delicious! The creme brulee was below-par.  While the top was fine, the custard underneath tasted very odd.  I've had a lot of creme brulees in my life and this one didn't make the top 20.. . I'm glad I gave it a try but one time is enough.
The food was very good quality. Very fresh and well prepared. The variety and selection was smaller than most buffets in Vegas. The desserts bar left much to be desired. The only option for plates was the heated plates used for food, which caused the ice cream and chocolate to melt.. The service was average. It was not a bad experience, but it was not nearly the great experience that everyone claimed it to be, and not worth the 25 dollars it cost. $10-15 would be a better price for what you get.
My mother wanted to eat at a buffet for Sunday Brunch. Since she was staying at the Wynn we chose The Buffet. What a mistake. . . The main dining area boasts a few flower, vegetable & fruit displays that soar towards the ceiling. They were absolutely beautiful and it was fun pointing out the various veggies & fruits used. They were very impressive which led me to believe the buffet would be also. . . After standing in line over an hour and shelling out $40+ bucks a person, I was very disappointed with the buffet. It looked like a cafeteria with uninspiring displays of mediocre food. The cocktail shrimp and prime rib were both good. The baked cod, fish cakes, mashed potatoes were bland, the dinner rolls hard. Decent cheese & sliced meat selection. I can't remember what else I had on my plate (I always remember things when it comes to food!). . . I will admit their dessert selection was impressive (saving this review from being one star). The dessert room was bright, cheery and chock full of color. The choices were seductive: creme de mint cake, fruit tarts, chocolate dipped marshmallow "lollipops", gellato, lemon custard, creme puffs, chocolate/chocolate cake, candied apples, pecan pie, key lime pie, etc. The lemon custard was tart and creamy, cleansing my palate of the dreadful meal that preceded it. . . Don't waste your time or money at The Buffet. Go somewhere else.
WHAT A COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME! OMG! . . +1 star for decor... super cool. +1 star for having crepes for dessert. . My boyfriend and I wanted to come here to check out what all the rave was about. First off, we went on a weekday. It was like a Tuesday night, and they still had a long line; therefore, we were hoping it'd be a meal to remember! Boy, were we right! It WAS a meal that we'll never forget for ALL THE WRONG REASONS! It was $40 per person, which was like the most we've paid for a buffet on the strip... and we're such FOODIES! We got it and checked out what they had. There were no oysters. They only had snow crab and it was grilled... not steamed. They had so much space and not enough food selection. For instance, there was an Indian food counter and they had naan but there was no curry, no tikka masala to eat the naan with. They had Indian rice! WTF? They had prime rib, but it was so hard and chewy and it wasn't even warm at all! Yes, granted my expectations were a bit high, but seriously, Steve Wynn and do A LOT BETTER! They didn't have oysters, or sushi, or anything good, really. The service was crappy. Our waitress barely ever checked up on us or cleared our table. We had to stack up our plates pretty high for her to finally come over and take them. We had to keep flagging her down for refills of water and coke. She kinda gave us the feeling she was avoiding us or ignoring us. I HATE THAT... especially at a place that's supposedly HIGH CLASS?!? I dunno what other people are raving about. Seriously, this place had a wide selection of breads, not a variety of foods. I guess a lot of people are drawn to the pasta station? I guess the majority of people who go here and "LOVE IT" are either really drunk or completely starved from gambling that they can't differentiate from the lack of quality in the food as well as the selection. Honestly, the only thing I liked about the buffet at Wynn was their dessert. They had gelatos, candy apples, cupcakes, creme brulee, flan, fruits, and customized crepes. . . RECOMMENDATION: GO TO BELLAGIO! It's only like $30 and they have a wider selection of food. . . If you don't care about how much you spend and you're not a foodie, THEN THIS IS THE PERFECT PLACE FOR YOU!
Came here for lunch on a Monday and was very disappointed.. . The Buffet @ Wynn used to be one of the best on the strip.  The main reason is because of the creativity of the menu.  They offered great entrees and stuff that you couldn't get at other buffets on the strip.. . To some extent, the buffet @ Wynn still does that for its patrons.  You can get Indian and Thai food here, for example.  The problem is that the quality of the Indian and Thai is below average.  . . Quality of the meats have dropped as well  - I felt that they didn't taste fresh.  Even "marinated" meats tasted dull.  . . I regret to inform you guys that there was not one dish that I tried that I thought was memorable.  I didn't get seconds of anything this time, which is pretty horrible.  If you are paying upwards of $30, you should really expect a top quality buffet.  Unfortunately, you don't get that here and my review reflects that.  . . Instead of this buffet, I recommend Bellagio Buffet or Wicked Spoon.   I love Wicked spoon because of its creative entrees and I love Bellagio for its amazing desserts.  I increasingly notice that M Buffet is generating a lot of buzz as a possible 3rd option.  If you want great seafood, Bellagio and M Buffet may be your best bets.  If you do, however, choose to go to the buffet @ Wynn,just consider yourself warned.  I take no pleasure in reporting that quality has dropped...it just is what it is.
This place is not as good as advertised! I was there for Sunday brunch on 5/1. For around $40 per person (after tip) it is way over priced, has very little selection and some of the food was not cooked correctly. I am not a big fan of shrimp cocktail but my wife says it was good. The only reason I am giving two stars is that the waiter we had was quite good. Prime Rib was OK. This is probably the first time I have left a buffet and felt that I did not get my moneys worth, mainly because the food did not make me want to eat more.
**Go to The Bellagio instead. Don't waste your money here!**. So let me start off by saying that I rarely take the time to write reviews. But I read the reviews of others quite often and that is what led me to this buffet at the Wynn. . . I have to say that this place was THE BOMB when I came here 1 year ago. I couldn't wait to go back for the dessert crepe station, king crab legs and creme brulee. . . I'm sorry and sad to report that none of these things were at the breakfast buffet. No crab legs.  Not even snow crab. No creme brulee. No crepe station. Really???? . Everything we ate was just ok. Some of it was totally disgusting! The prime rib was so good 1 year ago that it has stood out in my mind ever since. But, today it was just like the prime rib you can get anywhere else. Average. . And they bumped up the brunch price to $38 just for Mother's Day. This price DID NOT include champagne. Wasn't that nice of them?  I will NEVER eat at this buffet again. I will go to the Bellagio next time or Studio B. I'm sorry but $40 for breakfast better include some crab legs, creme brulee and champagne. Soooooo disappointed. (and so were the 3 friends that came with us, which was my idea!)
I hate to be a hater but this buffet doesn't live up to the hype. . . The floor manager was kind enough to help flag down servers who were horribly inattentive. I would be empathetic if it was Sunday brunchbut on a Tuesday night... they need to get it together. . . All I really wanted was crab legs and champagne. . . Of the four legs I piled on my plate, one was completely frozen! Not to mention that the butter was scalding hot. I suffered a first degree burn trying to pour some into a container. (Slightly exaggerated but they did start pouring butter from a different container after a number of complaints.). . Champagne was a great deal at $10 unlimited for pretty good bublly but having to flag down a server every time I needed a refill was annoying. Not once was I asked if I wanted more. . . I moved on from crab to lamb chops and was pleasantly surprise. They were marinated and absolutely eat-until-you-puke delicious. I did get scolded by the chef when I accidently dropped two because they slipped out of the tongs. --Not sure what's up with the back sass but things would be better if they worked on that. Slippery food + smooth tongs = disaster.  . . Nothing else is worth mentioning. . . I'm going to listen to Sal S. and try Bellagio.
NOTE: this is a review update that compares with past review. . recession has hit the wynn buffet. how? no more rack of lamb (rack of lamb is better than shoulder or the leg, way more tender, it's way more expensive, check costco).  the crab leg is not Alaskan king crab legs.  the only uniqueness about the buffet is the customized pasta station.  i myself have said this is the best buffet in vegas, but now it is not anymore.
I'm not a big fan of buffets in general, but this is a pretty bad buffet for the price.  You get a lot of options; salad bar, soups, italian, prime rib, indian, asian, seafood, etc. but none of them are really good.  . . After a long day of losing money, lounging at a pool or getting over a hangover, I would like a nice juicy steak or at least a few good pieces of chicken with some good sides of vegetables and some bread. This place offered a prime rib that seemed overcooked, some weird squashes and hard dinner rolls. Score!. . The best thing I had there was a sea bass dish and I don't even like seafood, so I don't know if that's a compliment to the seafood or a criticism of the rest of the food they offer.  Probably the latter.  Actually, I take that back, the best thing I had there was the dessert.  I think that's the only reason I give this place 2 stars instead of one.
Here's the deal: Long Lines - Overpriced - Good Service - Average Food.. . I would LOVE IT if Steve would actually eat in his own buffet so he could see what it has become. When we were here years past the quality of the food was so much better (but the service was lacking). Now it's the opposite-- the service is good but you can really notice the decline in the food (cuts of meat, etc). And, two small glasses of wine will set you back a good $25. . . I know it's the strip and I don't mind paying $40 a person IF the food is good (you'd pay that in a decent restaurant anywhere else). My problem is that the Wynn prides itself on quality... . . Actually, to be honest I've decided I now officially hate buffets. I can't stand watching people stuffing themselves and coming back to their table with plates piled high with 50+ crab legs. Not to mention the amount of food that is wasted is ridiculous. . . People, what have we become? . . BTW, if you want a good buffet, skip the Wynn and head over to the new one at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
You have to wait in a long line. For overpriced, average food. $35 a person?! You serious?. The food was salty and oh, the limited selection...The crab legs sucked. Butter tasted like crap. Veal ribs were alright. Prime rib was good. The turkey was mehhh. The lamb leg(?) was dry and tasteless. The pasta station was pretty cool. It wasn't too bad either. Except the sauce was watery instead of creamy.. Everything else was wayyyyy too salty for me to try more than a nibble.. . The dessert section (I am a fiend for sweets) sucked. The ice cream had some serious frost. . The creme brulee...eggs were whipped too long and I can taste the 1:3 water in place of cream. No flavor at all and watered down. WTH?. The cakes and such were dry or pasty.
Went here for dinner with two of my friends. It sucked. I'm not sure how they feel about it though. Didn't like anything on my plate. I left within less than an hour I believe. I just know that I wasn't there too long like how I'm suppose to be if I'm dining out at a buffet. . Maybe because I had two full glasses of Pineapple juice and got full off of it but still, I remember saying "Bellagio Buffet is way better" even before I got full. . . Not much to say but I wouldn't come back here again and my $50 back.
My sister loved the buffet here so when our family trip came around, my whole family decided to eat here. I mainly wanted to come because my sister said they serve macarons here, but today they did not. :(. . The wait was about 30 min and I was starving by the time I was seated. So I did what every kid in a candy shop would do, but instead I am an adult and I am at a buffet- I got everything in site. I also went straight for the crab legs (like a good little Asian that I am and wanted to get my money's worth). The crab legs were alright, you can't really go wrong with that, but everything else was SO salty.. . I had all the different types of pasta- all very salty. . Sushi- salty again!. . Garlic Bread- delicious!. . Some sort of green fish with squash or string beans- salty but good!. . Mango jerk chicken- dry!. . The whole Mediterranean section was good! But you really can't go wrong with pita and hummus. . . Then they also have this cute cracker and dried meats and cheese section. It was nice presentation and all but nothing worth 40 bucks.. . Prime rib was very bloody good so PLEASE GET THIS! When the chef was giving me my prime rib, he said ni hao ma (which would be nice if i were chinese but I'm not LOL. at least he tried). . Desserts were alright- gelato, small cakes, crepes, candied apples, cookies- I have never met a dessert I didn't like so it was all good to me!. . IMPORTANT PART- if ambiance/atmosphere/presentation is important to you, then wynn buffet is perfect for you! Its very beautiful to look at and the food is presented in a nice way. Also, wynn's bathrooms are so gorgeous! The whole decor just seems very versailles-ish at the buffet. (maybe its because I just recently saw Marie Antoinette and now I see everything that way). Although, I honestly like Rio's seafood buffet better even though its not at a pretty place.
We got there around 8:45 and waited for 1 hour. We noticed there were a lot of seating available, but they made us wait?... The food was good, but is it really $50 worth per person? NO!
The wait was luckily very short, but the price was still outrageous. Almost $40 for a buffet? Better be the best damn buffet in the world.. . Sadly, that it was not. The king crab legs that everyone kept lining up for were cold and tasteless, the prime rib that night was just... meat, and the desserts were pretty generic. The only dish I really enjoyed was the veal scallopini. . . Maybe I've been spoiled by all the Yelp adventuring I've done this past year, where I go to restaurants that specialize in specific cuisines/dishes. But for such an expensive restaurant (of such high repute), I expected better.. . Next time, I'm trying the Bellagio.
Gone is the wild mushroom soup, no more ceviche where once there were five types, the cured meats and cheese selection was an embarrassing selection of two inferior cheeses and three mediocre meats and there was no king crab to be seen, only snow crab.    . . Even the entree selections were ill prepared and, in most cases, well overcooked.  What a shame as this was once the only buffet in town where you could get decent food.  I am sure the Olive Garden tourist crowd will still come in droves, but stay away if you are looking for any quality food.  Their blatantly obvious cuts in quality have relegated the Wynn Buffet to being just another one of Las Vegas' feeding troughs.
Came here especially for the prime rib. thumbs up! Left happy because that was what we came here for. All other foods looks really nice but it was not good at all. Dessert selection was small and was not good. Texture and taste were off.. . I suggest they take away their Asian selection because it was not Asian to me at all. Sushi looked really nice but I was already able to tell that it didn't taste good before eating it.
I wasn't too impressed even though I heard this buffet was amazing. It was nice though because we had a group of 7 that was comped from gambling credit and we were led to a table with very little wait. . . We got in around 3 pm...ate the lunch portion and then had the dinner as well. Tri tip was probably the most impressive food there. Crab legs were good and plentiful. The dessert display is also very impressive...But what can you expect from a buffet? I wish there was real sushi though...
Bleh, came here for brunch, and  it was ok. But I've had better. I dunno I tried the food and for a Vegas Buffet, I dont think I would go here again because it wasn't memorable and the service we had was kinda poor, meat was over cooked, and the deserts were ok, but were of mediocre quality. I'd suggest going to the Bellagio buffet instead.
OK so like everything in the Wynn it's gorgeous, so was the food. Lot's of small bites and candy apples and gelato in the desert line. I went for lunch which I think is awkward time to go to the buffet, i wanted breakfast, but it's Vegas so i woke up 2pm feeling like it was 8am. Not a crab leg or shrimp in sight, but there were like 5 civiche options; seriously! I have to say that i didn't taste much, because nothing jumped out at me. I ate soup, fruit and drank plenty juice and champaign and that was it. Next time I would rather go to a restaurant, order exactly what I want and be happy.
After 1600+ reviews, what has been said has...probably already been said. Isn't there a theorem about that, or something? Whatever, I didn't get a Masters in Physics.. . The wedding came and went, and we headed down to Los Angeles/Las Vegas to visit some family that weren't able to make it/vacation it up - NOTE: husband wants everyone and their mother to know that it wasn't a honeymoon because my dad came with us. Apparently a "chaperone" isn't an aphrodisiac.. . We visited LV for a few days to see husband's (and now my) family. They threw us a wonderful reception and we got to catch up. One evening I suggested that we visit one of the famous buffets for breakfast. Husband thought that was a good idea, and dad wanted us to have some newlywed time to ourselves. After finding the "best" reviewed, we settled on the Wynn. I did my homework, too - we got their early as early could be, so that we wouldn't be waiting an hour and a half in line.. . The price for the champagne brunch was $45/person - not cheap in the *slightest.* So, you'd think for a total of around $100, you'd want to be wowed and impressed so hard your heart stops, right? I'm looking over at the "Reviews for The Buffet at Wynn Las Vegas," of all my friends whom I trust wholeheartedly with food recommendations, giving The Buffet a fulfilling 5 stars. Every one of them! Keane L. even said that the 2 hour wait was totally worth it! The reviews are all at least 2 years old, but they range from '06 to '09 - surely if there is consistency between those years, then from '09 to '11 there would be as well?. . Nope.. . To be honest, I can't even remember anything standing out. I had amazing prime rib at Jerry's Nugget out in crack-ville for $10 - the cut on my plate at the Wynn was blegh. The desserts were just okay, and they didn't have ANY crab - highly disappointing. The selections were - for some odd reason, because it was 8am and we were the first ones in the door - old, as if they were just sitting under the hot plate the entire time. I tried to sample as much as I could, but this all looked like regular buffet food at some regular-ass buffet. I felt like I was paying for the brand more than the food itself.. . Sorry, Wynn. No crab, no stars. Presentation is top, but I'd rather have it look like a pile of dung and taste like a dream than the other way around. How utterly disappointing! Next time, I'm heading to crack-ville for breakfast.
Had the breakfast buffet.  Again, I came here because my friends wanted to try their buffet and I was out voted.  At least it was a little better than the Bellagio.  The decor is nicer I think.. . The only thing I enjoyed for breakfast that morning that was half way decent was the potstickers.  Everything was sub par.
My fiance and I decided to try the Wynn buffet a couple nights after trying the buffet at the Bellagio.  We only came here because we had a seating at Jersey Boys at 7pm and didn't want to venture too far from the Palazzo, boy what a disappointment, especially since they marked it up to $46 because it was Labor Day weekend.  I had come here once before with my dad when the Wynn opened and we both preferred the Bellagio buffet then as well, but I at least thought the prime rib here was excellent as well as the King Crab legs.. . Well, what a surprise... they didn't even have King Crab Legs, and this was after asking the cashier if they had them tonight and she said yes!  The prime rib was NOT rare and it wasn't as tender as the Bellagio's.  Also it was very bland, it felt more like we were eating roast beef than prime rib.  My fiance tried this slice of lamb leg, wow that was dry... we both tried the rack of lamb which was charred on the outside, but it was so bland as well.  This is one of my favorite dishes to make at home too, what a disappointment.  The shrimp for the shrimp cocktail was much smaller and didn't seem as fresh as Bellagio's.  . . The few positives over the Bellagio... less wait in line for starters.  The ambiance was a little nicer, overall the place is brighter.  The dessert section was superior to Bellagio's, but cmon we did not pay $46 a person to feast on desserts.  I like both the white espresso and chocolate mint gellato and the creme brulee was very tasty.. . I am juggling whether to rate this 2 or 3 stars, seeing that it failed though with the prime rib and other meats and not having king crab either, the borderline call drops to 2 stars.  Overall, very disappointed and willprobably not be back again.. . . 8 - Ambiance (very well designed and had a nice romantic feel for a buffet house). 8 - Service (very attentive, dishes were cleared out promptly and drinks always refilled). 1 - Price (inflated holiday price with unsatisfactory meats and no king crab). 5 - Portions (this is based on the selection, compared to Bellagio, it doesn't come close). 5 - Quality (dry and bland meats, poor seafood selection, quality desserts though). . Dinner: Sun. Sep 4, 2011
THE WYNN.... THE MOST GLAMOROUS OF THE GLAMOROUS HOTELS. EVERYTHING IS THERE. ENCORE, SURRENDER, ENCORE BEACH, XS. why not the good food right? . . $40 not well spent -_-. RIO WORLD BUFFET ALL DAY EVERYDAY
Wasted my $40.  This place seemed great after reading about it online.  Unfortunately, unless you eat the king crab legs, the rest of the food is not worth eating.  And because I don't eat seafood, I was quite disappointed.  While everyone raves about the crab legs, I would like to judge the buffet based on its prime rib.  The cuts of prime rib I had were very fatty.  Not top quality.  the cheeses tasted like they had been left out for a while and tasted stale.  The pastas were not very good.  Needless to say, nothing really impressed me to even write about. . . The desserts were good, but not worth spending the $40 on.  I loaded up on these since I was still hungry from not eating much that was very appealing.  The service for drinks was also bad.  I got up and helped myself to more iced tea.
40 bucks for what?!?! . . I never have been a fan of buffet....why....cause im small and cant eat for my money worth, im a picky eater (hence the name) and three....my parents called it boofet and thats what i have been saying for years....*traumatized moments*. . it was quite a long line for dinner so go if your almost straving so you can eat more! . . If you are a lover of seafood, their crab legs are pretty decent..voiced by my peer * i had a nibble* but nothing else spoke to me....their pea risotto was pretty good and tomato bisque but everything else was just kinda plain and bland....so its worth it if you go for seafood but nothing else..... . when i went, they had american, mexican, asian and italian theme food...their desserts were aite but den again, nothing fancy. . Tip: sit by the toilet...free some space =)
We only had time to hit one buffet and chose the Wynn.  It was 2 of my sons birthday weekend, plus their friends, so there were 6 of us.. The food was good, but there wasn't really any one dish we just had to. go back for.  And there are NO king crab legs.  They did have some very thin crab legs of a kind I've never heard of, but so little meat in them, just wasn't worth it.  The desserts were all very small, in little cups, so if you wanted more, you had to make a lot of trips back.  But there was nothing chocolate!  Come on!  . Here's the real reason for the 2 stars.  The emergency siren, lights and recording came on about a security breach, with a repeating message about they're looking into a problem.  We all wondered what was going on, was there a tornado, a bomb, what?  It made us all uneasy, but no employees went around to say anything, nor did they no anything when asked.  It finally stopped after about 10-15 minutes.  But oops, here we go again.  So for our entire time there, this annoying loop of flashing lights, siren and recording went on and off.  No explanation, no apologies.  It ruined our birthday meal, as we had no idea if we were in danger or what the heck was going on.. I called the Wynn buffet when we got back home to ask what if was all. about, and spoke to a very snooty gentleman who kept informing me that they are a 4 star hotel who look out for the safety of their clientele, but made no apology and really had nothing else to say to me.  . I called the next day and spoke to someone else, who said it was the fire dept. doing a safety check (during dinner time on a weekend), and they had no control over it.  I asked why did it keep gong for over an hour?. Why didn't you say it was just a dry run, like the EBS does?  She again. made no apologies and said they had no controlover what the fire dept.does in their hotel.. I guess I just wanted someone to acknowledge the annoying inconvenience of our experience, but no way.  After spending $270.00. for our buffet dinner, I had hoped for someone to just give me the time. of day.  So we will never go there again, with so many other choices to. pick from.
The night my fiance and I went had NO King Crab but only snow crab and it was supposed to be a special Gourmet Labor Day weekend for $46.. . We felt ripped off.  Prime rib was like roast beef.  The lamb leg was super dry.  Rack of lamb was charred and has no flavor.  It's definitely only lamb flavor for sure!. . My fiance and I only ate snow crab legs and the desserts.  The dessert stations were pretty impressive and had more variety than Bellagio buffet. But I'm not paying $46 for the dessert only!
This review is for the dinner buffet. Awful. I've eaten at so many wonderful Vegas buffets (Mirage, Paris, Rio, etc.) and this is NOT one of them. Apart from being one of the most expensive buffets I've been to, the food was bland and lifeless. There was not one memorable dish.
From all the reviews, I thought we would be in for a treat at this buffet.  But unfortunately, this place did not live up to its name.  Every item we tried was either cold or only lukewarm.  I don't know if it was just a timing thing, but when I went through the line the first time, there were only one or two servings of certain items and I didn't see anyone taking out more hot foods to replace the leftover cold items.  I was excited to try the lamb, but was again disappointed as the lamb leg was dry and so were the slices of lamb roast that I had.  . . Overall their food items were not flavorful enough.  Although they did have quite a variety of food items, none of the items were memorable.  The only items worth mentioning were their crab legs and cocktail shrimp.   IMO, they also didn't seem to have that much selection of desserts.  Chocolate covered marshmallows, rice crispy squares and small candied apples?!?!  What were they thinking?   For the price that we paid, I expected more fancy and exotic types of desserts.  You can bet that I will not be coming back to this buffet again.  Save your money and go elsewhere.  This place is definitely not worth the $35 that we paid.
I guess I didn't think it lived up to its hype..maybe it's because some of the food just didn't taste like how everyone was describing it to taste. Some of the sushi was rather gross and I saw the line for the crab legs and almost cried. I'm actually going to give this buffet another try the next time I'm in Vegas since I don't remember anything special about it.
Got to admit, I dont understand why people RAVE about this place. At a price at 36.99 it is MUCH more expensive than Bellagio ($10). My question for Steve Wynn himself is why?. . One of the misses already is that you dont have King crab, Bellagio does.. You guys have food that is mediocre at best. There was not a single thing that was great, just decent.. . One plus is that the dessert hall was quite cool. Trees and such and candied apples is cool, but very hard and bad for your teeth.. . Tip: Bellagio is way better.
We went because we were told they had King crab legs.  They were not king crab, but Alaska crab.  A whole lot smaller and different flavor.  Did not expect the crab to be cold!  No small forks to get the meat out, had to use my fingers.  Also, crab meat was watery.  Doesn't anyone know how to properly steam crab legs?  The salads were good and fresh.  My husband went for the roast turkey but instead of carving the whole turkey they were displaying, they cut up cooked turkey breast meat (not the same as a roast turkey).  For the price, not worth it and will not go back.  The waitress we had was wonderful and we did tip her (at least she earned it).  Tried the creme brulee and it was runny.  The spicy chocolate cake was nasty.  The pecan pie was very good in spite of the pre-made pie crust.  (I can tell the difference.)  Don't waste your money unless you just like to try to make yourself feel important by overpaying for a meal.
I was SUPER excited to eat here... but left unimpressed. Sad face. I must say, the Bellagio buffet is hands down the best buffet in Vegas. Sorry Wynn buffet!. . HUGE selection of items. Salads, cheeses with crackers, pastas, fish, ribs, turkey, chicken, prime rib, mashed potatoes, crab legs (NOT KING CRAB), sushi, desserts, etc... the layout is VERY nice and the restaurant is VERY clean. Our server was super busy and wasn't as on it as I would have liked... but eh, what can you do? . . I normally try a tiny bit of the things that look pleasing to me and then go back for what I really liked. I ended up liking the mango salsa mahi mahi (VERY tender mahi mahi), the mashed potatoes (yummy buttery goodness), and the prime rib (prime rib is prime rib). Nothing exciting. I tried almost EVERY dessert. Literally. Hell I'm paying $44 for dinner, I should be able to! I liked ONE. Yes. ONE. And it was OKAY. I can't even remember what it was. . . Sorry Wynn buffet... I won't be back... I'll be chillin at the Bellagio buffet!!!
When you think of The Wynn you usually think of quality, not this time. The food was average at best . The food that was supposed to be hot was luke warm. The shrimp and the seafood were ok, I have had just as good at cheaper buffets. The potstickers were very good and made a couple of trips back for those. The desserts looked great but tasted average. The cheesecake probably was the hottest food I had there. I will say the wait staff hustled their butts off and didn't let a drink get close to half empty. What did I pay for this experiance? 40 bucks plus tax. For the quality of the food for the price I paid it was not worth it at all and probably would say the same thing if it was half the price. I say go to one of the smaller casinos buffets or one off The Strip at a locals casino. Would not reccomend and will not return.
Meh.. For the price, I expected a lot better. I still stuffed my face though. Cuz, well, you know, it's buffet..
Ew ew ew. This buffet was WAY over priced! I feel bad for making my boyfriend take me here and spending all that money because I didn't end up enjoying it. $40 dollars per person for dinner yet the food was mediocre? I remember going to the Bellagio buffet a couple of years ago and it was way better and cheaper, $28 per person only on a weekday.. . Although the selection was not bad, every dish I've tried (and I tried a little bit of almost everything) was either undercooked, overcooked, or bland. I was looking forward to the Chillean sea bass but the quality of the fish was clearly no good. The fish tasted EXTRA fishy, kind of dried out rubbery at places, and it had the texture of cheap tilapia. It was definitely not the melt-in your mouth texture I was hoping for like so many other reviewers have mentioned. I love sushi but I did not even bother with the sushi rolls because it looked dinky and "poked" at. I remember the sushi at the Bellagio was actually pretty good.  Whenever I visit any buffet, I have to stuff my face with crab just to make my meal worth it. The crab legs at the Wynn were disappointing, too. There was a long line to get them so I thought they would be awesome but to my dismay, they were cold and sitting on a bed of ice! I quickly found out that you can go to the grille section and get them warmed but come on, cold crab legs and the only option is to warm them on the grill? At the Bellagio, they do the same, cold crab legs split in half, but least you can ask the chef to heat it up with some butter sauce.. . The rest of the foods were not memorable at all. The dessert section had a huge selection including gelato and a crepe station but nothing tasted out of the ordinary. They were mostly pastries and petite cakes that looked amazing but when I tried them, they tasted like pure fondant! Who the heck wants to eat desserts that taste like pure confectioner's sugar? There was no fluffy pastry/cake texture and even the chocolate desserts did not taste very chocolatey.  I've had better more creative gelatos and the crepe station was not a hoot either. The toppings were mostly frozen and preserved fruits and there was no utella. How do you have crepes without nutella??. . Overall the ingredients put into the food seem fancy smancy (exotic herbs, spices, and what not) and they have fancy smancy names, but the quality, presentation, and  culinary skill was just not there. What a disappointment. I will be going back to the Bellagio next year.
I went to the Wynn's dinner buffet on Saturday night 12/10/11 and was disappointed. I previously considered this buffet to be one of the top buffets in Vegas, but it seems to have gone down a bit. I wasnt bad, but it definitely is not worth it anymore.. . The price for dinner was $39.95 (which is like $4 more then last time I visited) and they no longer had king crab. For essentially a $50 dinner, I expect king crab, but they had snow crab which tasted old and not very good. The shrimp cocktail looked disgusting.. . The other stuff wasnt bad. Prime rib was good and the lamb chops were delicious, but it simply was not worth the $39.95 price tag. I actually cannot come back here anymore because it simply isnt worth it.
No No No. . What a disappointment!  Way overpriced, way overrated.  It's $40 and worth less than half that.. . The seafood station is a joke... overcooked salmon and some sort of seafood pot pie that was disgusting.  The cold seafood was ok, but not high enough quality for the price.  The fried chicken was raw in the middle.  The lamb was chewy and tasteless.  The sushi was another joke... 2 or 3 rolls, no flavor, not very fresh.  Probably the best station was the Italian, tasty meatballs.  And the salad and antipasto stations were nice.  The best part of the buffet was the fact that there was no line... I guess that's a sign???. . Overall extremely disappointing, and really forgettable.. . Bottom line, for the money the Bellagio buffet is waaayyyy better.  And for less money, Studio B at M is also better than Wynn.
Warning, they have those community benches.  The one's where you sit, talk, and eat shoulder to shoulder with people you do not know or really care too.   I protested immediately and chose a stand alone table.  Crab legs were aweful.  Small skinny meatless.  The other choices were good.  Bottom line, don't expect a miracle buffet, just because it is at the Wynn.  No better or worse than most buffets in Vegas.  Better off going to a sit down restaurant, and be served.
I was here a couple years ago and enjoyed the brunch buffet.  Seems like the quality of food has gone down, way down.  Prime rib lacked flavor.  My waffles were dry and hard.  I tried a red velvet cupcake that I had to spit out (that was a first for me).  Everything that I tried was quite average tasting.  Considering I paid $32 per person for this buffet, completely disappointing.  A brunch buffet on a cruise ship is way better than this.. . In addition, they seemed very understaffed.  I finished my first plate of food and my drink order hadn't even been taken.  The server was running around with his head cut off.  At one time, the guy had 20 drinks on his tray (the most I've ever seen a server carrying).  5 minutes later, he had another 15 drinks.  Poor guys was busting his ass to serve everyone.
Mediocre buffet with a good selection of desserts (except for the cheap tasting gelato).. . Despite the Wynn-fanciness, the ambiance still felt like a chinsy buffet.  . . My work has better food.  I wouldn't do this place again.
Oh my what a disappointment!  I had gone to the buffet in past years and my mother loves their opened up crab legs. So we had to go. But this year (12/13/11) we spent the requisite $87.00 for this buffet.  Expected the usual high quality but who hired the head chef-someone who loves spicy food? Everything was spicy, even good old American fried chicken! The lamb chops were cajun spiced rubbed (ruined for us), the prime rib was tough & tasteless. I do love their white sardines & their lox was pretty good. The crab was fair-not the big meaty legs of years past. Tempura was so spicy my mouth burned all night. Who hasspicy tempura??? I complained to the manager, who said I would get a call from her supervisor, no call, no email. This is a waste of hard earned money!
Meh, I have experienced much better. Here's the deal.. . This buffet for dinner is $39 per person. Okay, I often pay $40 a meal for a nice restaurant. The service was good, quick refills, friendly, and fast with cleaning used plates off the table. . . Here are the problems with the Wynn buffet:. . Atmosphere - upscale mall food court. Quality of food - I did not at all feel that the quality of the food met the $39 price tag. Everything was bland and under seasoned. The salad was good. The pasta bar (chef makes in front of you) was seriously lacking in quality - white pasta shells, a few button mushrooms, and canned Alfredo sauce. . . The crab legs were a big hit with the crowd, long lines.. . We picked here and there. I wanted to try a lot of different foods. Unfortunately, all entrees fell short of mewanting to eat more than a few bites.. . The desserts: WOW! Really delicious, huge selection, crepes made in front of you, a dozen varieties of cupcakes, pies, a variety of gelato, cheese cake, all in bite size pieces. My favorite: the molten brownie. Least favorite (of the ones I tried): key lime pie. All in individual serving sizes.. . Moral of the story? Wonderful, tasty, tempting desserts, and mediocre food. So don't fill up on real food, do dessert first!
The quality of food has gone way down.  Every time I've been here, they have had the sashimi poke salad and other great quality seafood.  This time, no poke salad and the quality of food was not up to Wynn standards.   It felt like they took common ingredients found in other buffets and just made it a more "gourmet" dish although it wasn't gourmet at all.  Wynn buffet has always been a staple high end buffet that I would no doubt visit regardless of its long line and price but this is the last time for me.  Vegas has too much to offer to come back for sub-par food at the Wynn.
Nowhere near as good food as Paris.  Maybe the Chinese New Year menu had something to do with it, but even staples like prime rib and pasta were pretty tasteless, and the lamb chops felt heavy and oily.. . Won't spend my money here again.
this used to be my FAVORITE buffet a couple years ago. This buffet was supposed to be one of the highlights of my trip and it turned out to be okay. I wish i had spent my time eating somewhere else. Things that changed from the last time i was here:. . -less variety both desserts and regular food. -desserts were bland minus the creme brulee . -no rack of lamb (i was told its only on friday and saturday). -no ceviche . . overall this felt like it was work $20/pp not $40
We went for labor day weekend and I would have to say that it is not worth the wait (which was 45mins) or the price $45 per person. The dessert section was one of the better ones however it does not make up for the par food selection. Nothing stood out taste wise. I do not believe I would be back.
WAYYYY TOO OVERPRICED for the dinner buffet!!! It was a very nice and clean atmosphere but the food selection was so limited!  Snow crab leg shells were sliced for easy peeling, but they were served COLD... There wasn't a wide variety of seafood as expected for the price paid - $50.  I will never come back here when I'm in Vegas.  I should have stuck to the Carnival World Buffet @ The Rio Casino instead (so much to choose from).
This review is not for a weekend buffet. I was mostly unimpressed with the actual food. There was a pretty diverse offering which was good, but nothing was truly great. Nothing special with desserts either. Kind of what you would get at any decent buffet place in vegas I feel.
In one word: overrated. . . Went here with a group of nine people around lunch/dinner time. Not only did we have to wait for two hours and pay a gratuity tax (which I'm fine with) but they charged us extra because we wanted to sit together. Each person spent about $50+ on a mediocre selection of food. The food appears appetizing, but let's just say looks can be deceiving. . . I might be biased because I went here after trying the Wicked Spoon buffet at the Cosmo. But hey, what's good is good!
Too expensive. Food is alright. I rather go to either Bellagio or Rio.
way overrated.. . there were a lot of options, but there wasn't anything that stood out for me. the place is a little reminiscence of the tea party in alice in wonderland. and we only had our drinks refilled once.
Don't waste your money. Being the Wynn I expected fabulous. I got average at best. Quality is ok, selection sucks. Who knew you could split a crab leg into such a thin sliver. Was a waste of my money, wish I had gone to the rio seafood buffet.
A lame lunch. No crab, no shrimp, no any kind of shellfish. Disappointed. Little Asian foo collection. Only thing I like is the gelato.
Underwhelmed. . I would have given the buffet 3 stars if it didn't cost us $50 each for lunch and we didn't have to wait in line for a half hour (we paid $12 each for VIP to avoid the longer line). That much hype and anticipation should be followed up with high quality. Instead, we were presented with mediocrity. . . Food variety was decent but there were few meat options (one beef option, one chicken option). Food quality was surprisingly subpar. The pork buns were stale, the prime rib was fatty and tasteless, the sides were diner quality and below. They also lacked good pairing options. For example, they offered three types of cut cheeses but no baguettes, crostinis or crackers to eat them with. The highlight was the dessert, of which some were pretty good (cheesecake) and some were okay (key lime).  . . All in all, there are better buffets for cheaper and less hassle. But hey, now I know.
AMAZED at how anyone would give this place 4 stars.  We went for the Sunday brunch and were extremely disappointed.  We opted for the VIP line which totaled 50/person, shortened the wait time to half an hour and included unlimited mimosas.  I don't know why anyone would want to wait in line for 1.5+ hours (non VIP wait time) for an abundance of crappy food that makes Hometown Buffet look like Bouchon.    I didn't expect gourmet fare, but I expected "good."  Everything was sub-decent, so I gorged myself on shrimp cocktail and fruit.  The mimosas were in line with everything else, so we didn't even bother trying to get our money's worth with those.
I first ate here in 2006, and was bowled over by the endless jumbo shrimp, served with marinara sauce on the side. That alone made the $24 (lunch price, incl. tax and tip) worthwhile.. . However, having just come to the buffet again 6 years later (6 years?! Am I really that old??), I find myself badly disappointed with the Wynn buffet. First of all, no jumbo shrimp cocktail. Maybe it's a byproduct of the recession, but whatever the reason, the quality of food here has definitely tumbled downhill. Replacing the afore-mentioned jumbo shrimp were dishes of horribly overcooked fish and a pasta dish that has tiny bits of shrimp that taste really fishy.. . The only things that keep me from giving Wynn's buffet a scathing 1 star rating are:. . -Fresh slices of smoked salmon. -Nicely flavored flank steak that comes with a really good savory jus. -Warm bread pudding with creme anglaise sauce. -Creamy, cheesy pesto pasta. . Speaking of pesto pasta, did you know that it's not supposed to be creamy? I totally didn't know that, but the hubs, who's a dirty Brit, was all, "Dear lord, creamy pesto sauce?? Sacrilege!" and totally turned his nose up at it. So I guess the pesto pasta's only good if you're a barbaric American like me.. . Aside from the food, another good thing here's that they ply you with free juices and coffee and tea from the moment you sit down. Yes yes, I know it's a ploy to get me full faster, but I do appreciate the fact that they don't water down their fruit juices (which has happened in other buffets).. . Despite these perks, however, overall the Wynn buffet did not live up to our expectations of a buffet at a 5-star hotel. There were NO shellfish (I guess they reserve the crab legs that everyone's been gushing about for dinner), on average the food was just whatever, and we left feeling really, really disappointed. Boo.
I am not a huge Buffet fan and this place was why. I think it was $45 or something like that for food and it was really no different than the Las Vegas Hotels $5 locals buffet. All in all I thought it was pretty weak on Asian selections (4 dishes), and the food was really average. I would not bother going again.. . Only ting that was driving up the price was the open seafood selections. Tons of crab legs but hey.. I am from Seattle and those appeared to be snow crabs.. Maybe if it were kings.
I've been to a few of the buffets in vegas.. . The price is too much for the food... for sure $40 could go on a poker table.. . The deserts were all good for sure - hot baked brownie, bread pudding, ...etc.  They had a huge room for just the deserts.  . . So on to the bad - the king crab legs are served cold.... booo!  You can take them to the grill which made them taste a heck of a lot better but for sure I was disappointed.. . Sushi??? Really - you can get better sushi at publix which is really sad.  I was really disappointed in the seafood selection.. . Filet mignon was awesome for sure and highly recommended.  I also liked the salmon which is on a cracker so you better get a lot of them if you want to have meal.. . Recommed something
I had high expectations for The Buffet at The Wynn.  And while most of the food was good to great.  The service left something to be desired.  When we sat down the waitress stared for at least 1-2 minutes while twiddling her thumbs standing against the wall.  After I kept looking over to see if someone was coming Theresa finally made her way over.  Our drink order arrived but an item was forgotten.  Then payment for the drinks was demanded instead of enjoying a nice dinner that for 80 for two people you would expect they know you will pay.  When the credit card slip was left, she came back 3 times in 5 minutes to try and get it finally standing there near the table until I filled it out.  She told the person I was with that she should make due with a single spoon instead of getting a new one for dessert like would be expected at any nicer restaurant .  Again the food was great all of the issues were with service.
I don't know why.... I have been to Wynn buffet like 3-4 times in the past 10 years...... . This time is the worst experience....compare with M-resort and Wicked Spoon, Wynn offers less choices but it is more costly.......
What a dissapointment!! I bought into the hype that the Wynn buffet would be better than the bellagio buffet but I was wrong. The selection was a lot more scare than the selection at the bellagio. . I came for brunch for $37.99. As stated before the selection was scarce. The seafood was an assortment of salmon wellington, miso cod (which was very fishy), squid ceviche which was not seasoned very well. . The sushi was mediocre just a selection of spicy tuna and eel. The tuna was definitely not the freshest.. My favorite was the pesto risotto and the dessert selection. the chocolate mousse was my favorite in a little shot glass. The dessert bar was beautiful and lovely to be in.. . . Overall, not worth $38 for brunch! Will go elsewhere in the future.
So let's talk about how much I regret going here. . I don't know if it's because I went during lunch or what, but there was basically no selection and the food that was out was just...blah. I managed to snag some eggs and bacon left from breakfast which were yummy, but when I went back they were already gone :(. . So more on the food...... I ended up finding only a few things I liked: tortilla soup, bread and butter, and the breakfast. Oh and the desserts were awesome! Candied apples and all you can eat gelato? yes please. That's basically why this place gets any stars at all, along with the awesome service.. . However, as important as good service is, if it's a buffet the food should stand out the most. I don't know what it was but so many dishes had this weird taste, like this artificial rich and creaminess, I don't even know how to explain it but it was really gross. There was also this really weird smell in the food area that is still lingering in my nostrils that was totally gaggy. Maybe they had some scent to cover up the casino smell but it was terrible.. . Maybe I'm dramatic or picky but the Bellagio buffet is seriously much better, I'm so down to drop $30 on that.. I'm just glad I spent $24 for lunch instead of the dinner price, which I couldn't even imagine doing O.o At least they have crab legs at dinner though....
what a dismal waste of time and money! i did not eat $40 worth of food for lunch!. i had one luke warm plate of crap and some pretty ordinary desserts. will never be coming back and if you had any sensibility you will save your money and go somewhere worthy of your coin.
***Monday Lunch review***. No crabs, no prime rib... not even cocktail shrimps.... . Our last day in Vegas so decided to try Wynn.  The hotel itself was beautiful and the buffet was decorated so beautifully it was pretty amazing.  Now, the food.  Aside from the disappointment of no crabs and prime ribs...the selection of food was just not there...  I mean it was so sad that my husband had a slice of marinated Kobe beef and couscous...  Dessert selection was small but good.  I liked the mojito cake.   . . * Ambiance = VERY beautiful...I mean it is one of the best decorated buffets we've seen before.. . * Service = bad.  Had to ask for everything.... . * Price = expensive for the selections offered.  We paid $24/person.
Skip the brunch!. . I heard great things about the Wynn buffet, so we headed straight there on the drive in from LA. We got there about noon on a Saturday, so it was brunch. The line at least was short- we only waited about 15 minutes. But the buffet itself- what a disappointment! Aside from the prime rib (which was good, but not amazing), fried chicken, and a salmon dish, there was very little meat for the size of the buffet, and also very few vegetable dishes. We try to eat low-carb, so I actually ate less than I normally would have at a buffet. The omelette station was good, but I could get a good omelette anywhere for $10. Oh, and the eggs benedict had hard yolks - yuck! (the $13 buffet at the Palms even got the yolks runny!) The dessert spread was impressive, but nothing was amazing. I was pretty excited about the mini cupcakes, except the vanilla cupcake had mint frosting, which was odd. Overall, everything was good, but nothing was super-memorable. Definitely not worth the price, at least for brunch.
NO TANK TOPS (for guys)?! How lame. My friend had to go to the gift shop and buy a $25 non-refundable tshirt just to eat here for $25 during lunch on a Friday. . . Not only that, but they make you wait until your whole party is there before they seat you. The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits. The selection of food was not the best. There definitely was NOT any crab legs, and in fact, the seafood section only consisted of basic maki rolls that were rolled poorly and certainly NO shrimp, crab, or any other related "seafood." So disappointing. The only good thing that was offered was the skirt steak at the carving section. The Chinese section was just sad, I didn't even bother to try any of the food from that section just by looking at the food offered, it did not look appealing at all. . . +1 star for the skirt steak. +1 star for having sorbet. . I wouldn't recommend this buffet, nor would I come back.
I really hoped that despite the fact that I'd read so many mixed reviews about this place that it would be good just because, well; it's the Wynn.. .  The food was pretty uninspiring on our visit today. There seemed to be a disproportionate offering of starches meant to fill you up (lots of pastas, etc) and pretty bland seafood. The presentation was decent, but nearly everything looked better than it tasted. The crab legswere decent, the beef undercooked, the pork overcooked. The deserts were the prime example of presentation but no substance.. .  The service was terrible. We had to ask three times for water and had to give our drink order twice. When we ordered their sangria, the waiter said to us "you know that costs extra, right?", which I found sort of insulting, particularly since we'd order it from their drink menu with clearly stated prices next to it. We didn't see any of the wait staff again until they dropped the bill for the drinks (though they did keep the table cleared).  The awkward waiter commented to my girlfriend "on to desert already" and we spent the rest of the meal trying to understand what that meant.. .  Perhaps it was an off day, or due to the fact that we came very early (late lunch/early dinner) but I expected more of the Wynn. We'd skipped it the last time we tried to eat here because of the line and I'm glad we did, because it wouldn't have been worth the wait. In the end, we decided that there are too many other buffets to try and we've already visited far better, so we won't be back.
What a disappointment! I looked at most of the photos here on yelp and decided to give Wynn buffet a shot. Went for Sunday brunch @ $32 per person. Dining room decor was pretty plain for a Wynn property. I checked out each food station briefly before digging in. Several salads being served, well someone gives you lettuce then you finish it up. Meats and cheeses. A couple of Asian dishes, a couple of Mexican dishes, omelet station, scrambled eggs(kinda dry and overcooked), bacon (very good), sausage (pretty damn salty, prime rib (no bones tho), corn flake fried chicken, mashed potatoes, sushi, chilled shrimp. Just pretty basic fare. No BBQ, no crab legs, not a big selection for the price. Too bad LV Hilton is gone, loved their brunch! M is much better! Service was a little slow but the red sangria was top notch! $30 for a pitcher. Maybe the dinner during the week is better. I will not be doing brunch here again. . . No crab legs?! WTF?!. . Oh the people in my party gave it 1 star, 2.5 stars, 4 stars (by two people who just love to eat).  A disappointing weekend, after seeing Prometheus  the day before!
Not so good for weekday lunch. Minimal (cheap) meat choices, turkey, flank steak, roasted chicken.  I cook those at home. Also, they were still serving breakfast foods at 12:30.  Could have used that prime rib others bragged about instead of eggs benedict.  Even lox (smoked salmon) instead of smoked trout would have been an upgrade.  Not worth the $$ for their lunch.
This is my second time at the Wynn buffet.  It is a shame that the first time was so much better.  My main complaint is that crab legs were TINY.  It is definitely nowhere near king size.  Maybe times are tough and buffets are trying to cut cost.  I was fairly disappointed by the crab legs because thats what I look forward to eating at buffets.  I did like the lambchops though. The dessert and salad bars were acceptable.. . The manager was a jerk.  He gave us a really hard time when we tried to sit together.
my wife and i ate here for lunch after reading so many positive reviews.  we are veterans of the vegas buffet scene.  so i was surprised when the quality of the food was very poor considering this is the wynn.  probably one of the most prestigious resorts on the strip.  service was very good. unfortunately the food was not.  we will return to the resort, but will skip the lunch buffet
I've been to the Buffet at the Wynn before and had a great experience, however this last time I was a little disappointed. I am a sucker for crab legs, but the crab legs this time were very salty that I could barely eat it. Otherwise the rest of the food was good and I enjoyed the dessert. My biggest disappointment, at which point I became grossed out and could not even eat the hot food anymore is when my friend and I heard the noise of a nail clipper, only to look up and see one of the employees behind the station clipping his finger nails and I'm not sure if this would make it any better but wasn't clipping it over a trash can so who knows where it was flying into???!  And to make matters worse, did not wash his hands after and assisted a customer with food.
uhhh...am i missing something? i've heard so much about the wynn buffet and how amazing it is but i was completely unimpressed!! . . my friends and i paid $43.00 each for dinner and it was SO NOT WORTH IT!!!!!!!!!!!!. they have a wide selection of food to choose from but there wasn't anything really appealing...the food was either too salty, too bland or plain GROSS. the only thing i enjoyed was the brisket. . . never. coming. here. again. -_______-
Don't waste your time or money; $20 for Denny's quality food!
I am basing this review solely on their VEGAN options and VEGAN options alone. I was told that this was the go to place for the vegans in vegas. i was not that impressed. for 31 dollars, I could have ate somewhere else actually. All the vegan options were not clearly marked like I was told. But luckily, the chef came out and walked me thru the buffet line and showed me what I could and could not eat. Most of the stuff was just little things here and there. They did make me a veggie pizza that was alright, but I felt like it was a total waste because I only wanted a piece. My meat eating friends were not that impressed with the place either. Maybe I needed to try it at dinner time and not at brunch? I was just thinking there would be actually main course dishes for us vegans and not just salads and appetizer type things. . . Vegas...where you lose an extravagant amount of money on gambling and food! bahaha
I came here super excited since the Wynn has such a highly raved buffet of Vegas and from many satisfied friends. Though there was not a line when my boyfriend and I arrived, and plenty of tables all around, it took a good 30 minutes before we got seated. Alright, I'll let it slide this time. So got seated and ordered a pink lemonade mixed with Sprite because I was so thirsty from the desert heat. when I gulped up my first glass,m I headed towards the food. . . The way I usually eat at buffets is I'll walk around the whole area, see what they got, then mentally divide and pair up which foods I'll get together in each trip. Started off with some pasta. I love me some pasta. I got the tortellini and noticed they had a made-to-order pasta station. Oooooooh! There was a line so I decided to come back. Let's just say that tortellini and the cocktail shrimps were the best of the entire buffet. The ravioli I got at the pasta station after tasted like shit. They only had 2 soup choices where other buffets have at least 4. The corn on the cob was so soggy and greasy. The selection at the Wynn buffet is so minimal. There wasn't much to eat. . . Not to mention that the plates weren't all fully cleaned. I came across two plates my entire meal that had specks of sauce on it still. I left still hungry. I should have went to Bellagio.
After a long day of hiking and driving I was starving and thought I would give Wynn another shot at satiating my hunger. Disappointed again. They do try to make interesting foods (lamb, risotto, Indian food) but the execution is mediocre.. . Indian curry - watered down, too sweet, and no spice. Prime Rib - big hunk of meat, but rather tasteless. Chinese dimsum - disgusting, avoid all together. Pasta - meh, worse than Olive Garden. . lamb (2 ways) - okay, but noth. Risotto - good. Mashed potatoes - delicious. . it's like cruise food - good for variety and volume but not if you are expecting quality.
Really Yelp? 4 stars? Can you say overrated? . . So I'm usually wary of all you can eat buffets because the quality of food is often mediocre at most, but I decided to rely upon the yelp reviews. First off, we came here for brunch (it's okay we had girls in the group XD) and it cost us $37 each, pretty steep price. Also, the line went on for about 1 hour. Finally when we were seated it took a while for the hostess to get our drinks... As for the food, skip the asian section... As for the steak, it was chewy and not seasoned well enough. The smoked salmon was pretty good and the shrimp was solid. As for the dessert I grabbed one of everything, they look great, however, everything just tasted like colored sugar. . . Overall, I was pretty disappointed, I guess I'll be staying away from buffets in Vegas for awhile.
Came here a couple of years ago, and it was pretty good.  Came back recently about a month ago, and I was verrrry disappointed.. . I love buffets.  I know it's not cool to admit it, but there is something about a place that has so many different kinds of food in so much abundance that appeals to me.  Some people are offended by gluttony, but I relish in it, and we are in Vegas!!  The capital of gluttony.. . We came for a weekday lunch buffet, and I reallly had a hard time finding anything to eat.  They didn't even have shrimp cocktails, boo.  The asian section was BAD.  Beef noodle soup was bland, fried rice was worse than when I make it drunk at 3 am, and the sushi was fishy.  The steak was tough, and pasta was dried up.  Wow, now that I think about it, maybe I should give it one star, since even the service was bad.  We had to flag down the waitress every time we needed the plates removed, and forget about refills on our water.  Dessert might have been better, but I'm not too big on sweets.. . For 40+ bucks, you would expect a little more from a buffet... and it might be a lot better on weekends, but if you're looking for a place to eat on a weekday, stay away!  Unless you're eating here for free since you're a high roller at Wynn, it's so not worth it.
I would have given the Wynn Buffet five stars a few years ago. My husband and I just ate here recently. I wanted to introduce him to Wynn Buffet for the first time because it was supposed to be the epitome of gluttony. After all that's why it's the most expensive buffet in town. But instead of spoiling our stomachs for lunch, I was very disappointed at how much the buffet has really gone downhill. They really cut back on their selection of entrees and dessert. The last time I ate here, my stomach wasn't big enough to devour samples of all the delicious food that they served. This time I didn't even have an appetite. Nothing stood out. Nothing was memorable. There was very little to choose. This was such a letdown because I wanted my husband to be impressed by this buffet. Needless to say it wasn't worth the price. It was just a mediocre buffet, and we don't plan on ever coming back. I wouldn't recommend it to my friends. Even one of my friends who used to love this buffet thought it sucked.
I have given this buffet a couple of chances now. Both times i have found the food and service very average by Vegas standards.  On a positive note, the buffet has a good number of choices. Peculiar to find that there was less fresh fruit on the breakfast buffet each time we have gone. Too bad, they only had friut cups, some fresh strawberries and cut up pineapple available. Fruit is usually a brakfast staple. No light offerings on the buffet ( diet) yogurts were available, and fresh toast is not something you can get on this buffet, strangely. The main problem with the buffet at anytime is that most hot choices were only lukewarm. This was noticable everytime we have gone. As well, the server told us that she could not serve us a bottle of water, it was not available? What?. This buffet looks great if you like choice, however, for the price, the food could be more appetizing, hotter, and some additional thought gone into the menu. Pizza for breakfast somehow is not something you would expect. . However, give it a try, your experience might be better than ours!
I used to be a big fan of The Buffet at the Wynn, with its insane variety of meaty goodness, vegan and vegetarian options for those who want to live a healthier lifestyle, and a room packed full of desserts that always made me feel a little like Willie Wonka. I used to tell people it was the best buffet on the Vegas Strip, but I am no longer a fan.  . . My last visit there was just before Labor Day weekend, and was very disappointing.  . . The veal short rib was the only dish that was truly exceptional, while everything else I sampled was just so lackluster: the fried chicken was on par with the kind my local grocery store sells by the greasy boxful, the Cajun pork loin was flavorless and didn't inspire me to Zydeco, and the sweet pea risotto was bland and a little too crunchy for my liking.. . Even my favorite go-to desserts seemed to have been replaced with piteous knock-offs that left a chilling "Invasion of the Dessert Snatchers" vibe in the air. The cheesecake pops and cake pops I once loved there were now store-bought marshmallows that were coated in a humdrum icing and violently impaled on a stick. The gelato that was once bustling with exciting flavors was now deferential and hesitant.         . . The service, too, was seriously lacking. While water and drink orders are often frequently refilled at most buffets (and restaurants), our waiter's appearances could be best described as spectral: he showed up at the start of the meal and was never seen or heard from again. If he has 40 years younger, I would have initiated an Amber Alert.  . . Sadly, no one came by at any time to pick up the pile of used dishes that were quickly accumulating on our table either. It got so ridiculous that we decided to clear the table ourselves and place our many dishes on the empty, four-seater across from us. Even sadder, a lone diner was seated at that very table shortly thereafter, with everyone oblivious to the Jenga tower of plates and unappetizing leftovers erected diagonally across from her.           . . On the up side, many of the diners seemed to be enamored with the giant crab legs that were pouring endlessly out of the kitchen. Plates were filled two and three feet high with these savory crustaceans that was a high point of this buffet. These crab-loving guests tended to ignore the other offerings available to them. Were they in the know? Or were they there just for the crab?. . The immense popularity of the crab leg station and the sheer volume being consumed by some diners who seemed almost unhinged in their pursuit to up the levels of Omega-3s in their systems seemed to be the "raison d'etre" for this buffet.. . Maybe this is the reason that the Wynn has just given up? Sure, the presentation and vibrant colors of the many meals at each station really stood out, appealed to the eye, and made me want to try everything. But it almost felt like the offerings outside of the crab legs were just there for show, along with the inedible flower arrangements and the decorative flourishes that adorn this dining hall and provide it with its atmosphere.
I came with some high hopes based on all the pics I had seen, and for the most part, they're not lying, it's fancy here.. . Fancy isn't equating to choice though.. . Seriously, I was expecting at least double the choice here.  They artfully place baskets of bread where there should be more food.  The choice is so limited, it's crazy, except for the dessert, which is actually pretty awesome.. . Dessert doesn't make a meal, so only 2.5 (rounding down too) stars, and I'm not coming back.
I am unsure why people rate this place so high? Did you even look at the sushi selection ? there were only 4 item and none I can really call sushi. The only expensive thing here is the crab and that was it. There were plenty of dessert and none of them really make me go WOW. Chinese and fruit selection was also tiny. for a price of 52 including tax. I would rather go to the carnival buffet at Rio. I am just so disappointed what the raving is about on the food network channel.
Too expensive. Food is alright. I rather go to Aria buffet. Aria is lot better than here.
This buffet has seen better days. No longer does the Friday/Saturday dinner buffet feature Alaskan King Crab legs. Instead, they serve the cheaper and less flavorful snow crab. . . Most other food stations were decent. However, the sushi area was really sad, and the Prime Rib was nowhere near as good as I remembered. Nothing I tried really stood out in taste; so I never went back for seconds of anything. Overall, just a very expensive and underwhelming experience.. . As for the positive, the wait was short and the buffet is still very clean. . . I recommend the Bacchanal Buffet at Ceasar's Palace. This buffet is the new undisputed king in town. The Ingredients are of high quality and everything tastes really good. Bacchanal, just like the Wynn Buffet, is also very clean. . . The line at Bacchanal may be long but stick it out. It will be well worth the wait. Another option would be Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo, however I've only been there for brunch not dinner.
Not understanding the hype about this place. Granted we were seated around 9 PM, but all the desserts and cheeses were dry and stale. The lamb was extremely tough and cutting through it was virtually impossible. The crust on the fried chicken was far below par.  Red Snapper was extremely fishy. They do offer a good assortment of vegan options but the exorbitant amount of oil used made it unappetizing. I did enjoy the cranberry sauce though. Baba ghanoush was so bland. Bacchanal's was far, far superior. Service was very slow as well. . . Like others have said, very underwhelming. Go to Bacchanal instead. . . Also, the interior reminds me of Disneyland for some reason...it's disturbingly tacky. Which is quite surprising considering that the flower gardens in the Wynn are gorgeous.
Not worth the money at all! I was so excited to eat right before Christmas but this buffet is very disappointing! Not that many food choices. Plenty of other buffets in Vegas that are much better than this one.
Kept on hearing that this place is always packed because of their good dishes. This place was on my to-do list when I visited Vegas. so I was ready to join the crowd & told my bf to be prepare for the wait.. Got there on Sunday @5:30pm, to my very surprise, there wasn't even a single person waiting in line, I was questioning to myself if they're close temporary before open for dinner, but then I remembered that I've read somewhere people advised to come at this time. We're greeted by couple hostess and leaded us to the atrium which was beautiful. The place was half empty though. . I've tried every single dishes, all the way from salad bar to the meat dishes and seafood. oh sure they have quite of variety, but lacks quality and taste.Meats were dried and tough, sushi was not fresh, all others were just bland.. I wasn't impressed at all except that I liked the crab legs and the crepes. What happened to this place ? its not my lucky day ?? and no, im not picky, I love buffet and I've been to many buffet places before, but this place is not any special. Very disappointed. . I've experienced at other places better with less on the price.
This used to be the best buffet in Las Vegas.  Not any more.  The food has been bad the last three times I have been.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars is that the setting is beautiful and the staff is usually good (although I have had bad service here in the past).  Interesting that the place has been empty the last few times.  Please improve the food!  Your guests deserve better food than the garbage you have been serving.  Why pay over $40 to have dinner here when you can have the same mediocre meal for less than half the price elsewhere.
Came here for lunch buffet. An average selection of food, nothing to "wow" over. The food was average, as expected but I just didn't get the "wow this was worth it" feel you know?  . . The service was great though, always had waiters coming around taking plates, and asking if we needed any beverages. Perhaps the dinner is better, will definitely try again though. Just hoping next time won't be as disappointing.
My friends brought me to The Buffet at Wynn for lunch. Honestly after my last experience with Le Village Buffet, I was a little apprehensive. . . We had a one hour wait in line (granted it was during lunch hour). I was beyond hungry that I lost my appetite when we finally reached the front of the line. It was close to 2pm. If it wasn't for the pretty decorations in the hotel (which is exquisite), Sharr would've been extra crabby. We paid upfront....there were 3 of us and the bill was $125. This shit better be good.. . I was really impressed by the layout of the food stations, especially the dessert station which was outrageous. I really wanted to start with dessert first but everything else looked so damned good too. They even had different stations for international flavors. . . After about 30 mins or so, I have tried pretty much a little bit of everything. The sushi station was good however I didn't want to get full on rice. But I did get seconds on stir fried tofu and pumpkin ravioli. The meats here are, once again very dry. What is going on with the meats people? Get it right! . . The big hoorah for me was the dessert. I coudn't wait to get my hands on them. Each little pastry was so pretty and beautifully decorated.  I came close to getting one of each, lol. When I got back to my table and actually bit into one of them (it was a marshmallow), I nearly spit it back out. How long have they been sitting there?!?! It was nearly rancid....that stuff was not fresh. Then I was brave enough to try the rest.....all I can say is eh. I really expected a lot from this place but my hopes wereshut down. It's all about glitz and glamour again with empty promises. Boooo! Sharr is extra crabby now more than ever. . . I'm ready to throw in the towel with the serach for best buffets in Vegas. If anyone have any suggestions, pls PM me. Be warned however, I'm very picky.
This buffet was very overpriced at $90 for just two people. The staff was friendly, though, and we were pretty quick to be seated. Food looked nice and tasted okay.. . Our experience was ruined, though, because I GOT FOOD POISONING. This is the last place I would have expected something like that to happen. I ate there on a Friday and it ruined my whole weekend, since I was throwing up for a lot of it.
I came here hoping for some good food but I was disappointed by the offerings. The meat was generally dry, and the crab legs were really stringy. The only exception was the prime rib, which was done nicely -- tender and flavorful. Otherwise pretty much everything was dry. Also, for a buffet that cost around $40 per person I would have expected more seafood, honestly, but it was pretty much just crab and some overcooked fish... . . The only redeeming part of dinner was the dessert. I sampled the dulce de leche, creme brulee, chocolate with orange marmalade, raspberry cake, raspberry cheesecake, and lemon meringue (or something like that). I liked the creme brulee quite a bit and the dulce de leche was also good. Just the right amount of sweetness.. . But at the end of the day I found myself completely stuffed but not satisfied with the food and wondering why I did this to myself. A sad day indeed.
This is my first time ever reviewing anything here but i felt the public should know my experience before thinking of spending $60 for lunch.Now I love everything about the Wynn, it is my favorite hotel in all of Vegas. I have been fortunate to dine in several of there restaurants and cafe.. My boyfriend and I went to the lunch buffet, 2/5/13 as one of his events for his bday. He had been to the dinner one about 6 years ago. He absolutely loved which is why we decided to go.. We started with sushi side...one word yuck!. All of the rice was hard. The tuna ceviche was nicely presented but the dish didn't have any flavor.. After the first disappointment we decided to continue to other sections, the Asian, the meats, Pasta, Italian pizza all had the same problem. Something was missing for taste, salt, pepper, love. Again everything looked great but the,taste was not there. On top of that some of the hot food we would get was salad cold by the time we sat. Given we were seated up close and personal and were only going per section so the food was on our plate for no more than a minute before we sat down. . After courses of disappointments we decided let's get full with desserts, I mean there is no way those good looking desserts must be good. Well think again, we tried tres leches, Madeline, chocolate cake you name it we tried it, again sugar or something was missing. . Finally we couldn't help it but  complain to the manager. Which than brought out the Executive Chef. Both were friendly, the chef was willing to make anything we wanted how ever we wanted. We would have done it but we were too scare at that point. Than the manager said because we had been there for over an hour it becomes iffy. So they have us free espresso. At that point I just didn't care anymore. So we drank our sorry espresso and went on our way. Still love the Wynn but won't be going to there lunch buffet  ever again.
With all due respect, I think Wynn's buffet is overrated.  We had high hope on this buffet after checking out on yelp, but we were greatly disappointed.  The quality of the food is pretty average.  The fried chicken is a bit taste less.  No sashimi (though you get smoke salmon).  Even the sushi is pretty mediocre consisting only like California roll type (not even nigiri).   Almost everything is forgettable.  I think if you like Italian food or American type of food, it might work out better for you, but if you are looking for asian type of food, it will disappoint you.  At the end of the buffet, we were so dissatisfied that I had to tell my wife that we will try another better buffer the next day to compensate this bad experience.
I ate here six years ago and absolutely loved the seafood selection. King crab legs the size of drumsticks and shrimp the size of prawns - all for an expensive $32 a pop - but it was worthit.. . Fast forward to today and I'm back in 'Vegas for a conference.  After reading all the negative reviews of The Buffet, I had to come back and see it for myself. I walked all the way from Bally's where I'm staying just to re-experience The Buffet. . . The price is now $40 a pop and the buffet has gone from extraordinary to "meh". King crab legs the thickness of pixie straws and shrimp the size of what you get at Home Town buffet. . . Count me as among the totally disappointed in this buffet.
I really dont know how people rate this buffet so high. . . 1. Its was $50 for dinner because of 18% gratuity. . 2. the meats were mostly dry, they had brisket and sausage at the carving station and they were dry as can be.  Tell me how can sausage be dry???. . 3. was not impressed with the selection at all, all their beef dishes said Kobe beef but who care if it tastes bad and plus its American Kobe which isn't real Kobe beef. . . 4. the dessert was okay, ice cream was good . . 5. so overrated for the price, just a tourist trap. . 6. better going to a sit down restaurant for the quality of food.. . I felt raped by the cost to quality.. . . never again do a Vegas buffet, I always used to love buffets when I was younger but the cost of the buffets now a days just doesn't justify going to one. Better food and cheaper at a sit down restaurant. Plus do a free walk around before you decide all buffets let you do this before buying it.
All of the restaurants on the Wynn property are ridiculously overpriced.  The Buffet is no exception.  As reviewed many times here, the meats were mostly dry and flavorless, especially the sausage.  The Kobe meatloaf was horrible.  The brisket was fine, though.. . The sushi rice was very cold and hard, as is stated many time here.  You'd think they'd fix that.  The seafood crepes were cold, even though they had just been put out.  The lamb meatballs were OK, but wild boar risotto was dry and not well seasoned.. . The variety is great, the dishes are somewhat exotic, but they taste and preparation of the food was very very disappointing.  However, if you want to sample a variety of mediocre food and don't want to pay the crazy prices at the other Wynn restaurants, your $40+ here will get you more quantity.
Had lunch here.  Food was cooked good but selection is small compared to buffets in Louisiana.  Not worth the 31$ price plus tip.  Go off the strip to find some real food.  Vegas strip buffets are all about flash.
Overrated. I prefer the buffet at Aria, plus they have better desserts.
We like the inviting atmosphere, but the food is just ordinary.
My first impression upon walking into this buffet was, "gez, they need a remodel". I think the seating area in general looked a bit outdated compared to the other glamorous buffets around the strip. . . At first glance, the food looked good! However, i wasn't too impressed when I started eating. I was not wowed as I would be when i tried other buffets like at the Cosmo, or even Paris. I would think that Wynn would try to compete with the bigger Casinos when it came to food, but apparently they might be competing with the likes of World Buffet. . . Their dessert section was kind of embarrassing. I think hometown buffet has a bigger selection than these guys. They had the usual ice cream, cakes, and they had an eye appetizing Candy Apple. I was actually really excited to try the candy apple since it looked like it was the best thing that was being displayed on their dessert selection. I was curious as to why i didn't see one person reach for it, but I soon realised why. It was only made to be an eye pleaser... The candy shell was hard as a ROCK. It's impossible to bite through it, you literally have to take a knife, place the apple on the table, and smack it. And even then, the hard shell barely cracked. I can't believe that they put rock candy on their apple, it was completely inedible. For 3 minutes, i tried cracking the shell with my knife to get to the apple, but I failed. The only thing that I had from that dessert was the rock candy, which wasn't even that good. . . Overall, not impressed with this $40 buffet. I'd rather go to circus circus and spend 20$ on their comparable buffet and spend the remainder of my money on alcohol.
Spend the extra 10.00 and go to Bacchanal.  Really.. The layout of this buffet is not patron friendly.  I was almost ran over several times, felt like frogger trying to get back to my table,  . . We went for a brunch arrived at 10:30 on a busy Sunday.  They should be on their A game, not so much.. Food was dry and flavorless.    Dessert options were very, very limited.  . Not impressed, at all.. Really, Bacchanal. Its the BEST buffet around.
The Buffet at Wynn lags far behind it's peers (my own points of comparison being the Bellagio, Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace, and even Aria) in both variety of selection and quality of food.  . . For Sunday brunch ($34.58), the Fried Brown Rice with Edamame, Steamed Pork Buns, and Maple Bacon at the carving station werehighlights.  I even appreciated the Mini-Waffles that had smaller-sized grooves that give a much better texture than the more usual quarter-Belgian waffle (such as the one at Bacchanal).  A major disappointment was the lack of any version of Eggs Benedict, somewhat surprising as breakfast the next day at Terrace Point Cafe featured a trio of of Eggs Benedict variations.  The puff pastry in the Bacon and Sweet Pea Tart lacks any fluffiness, and while Waffle Batter Fried Chicken sounds like an incredible idea, it does not translate into any particularly distinctive taste.  A regular piece of fried chicken would have been much better.  The Bakery/Dessert area--almost easy to miss even though it's at the center of the buffet--had a halfway decent oversized Croissant (the same that is served at Terrace Point and the Encore Lobby lounge for breakfast).. . Dinner seemed to be even more limited in terms of available choices.  The distinctive  characteristic of the Wynn buffet is the increased use of food stations (i.e., where somebody prepares and/or serves you food).  I liked the Roast Duck Bun station, but not the Gelato Ice Cream Sandwich Station (where the cookies were much too hard and the gelato much too soft to really maintain any semblance of sandwich form).  I did appreciate the carving station, where I asked for a thick cut of prime rib and was surprisingly rewarded with a 1.25" cut of meat.. . Overall, The Buffet at Wynn is not an overly terrible place to eat.  You'll still get a lot of food and relatively acceptable service from the waitstaff.  Also, the line at The Buffet seemed a lot more reasonable than I've experienced at the other casino resorts.  But having dined at some of those other buffets, The Buffet at Wynn is a classic Yelp 2-star "Meh.  I've experienced better."
I don't like Buffet at my hotel so I come here for dinner and feel sad.. Don't read reviews from anyone go to see by yourself.. 6/18/13
Definitely not worth the price. Yes there were tons of choices but what buffet doesn't have variety. Question is...do they deliver? And deliver they didn't!. Oh Mr Wynn...where oh where did the quality go here?  please get rid of that awful waffle-battered fried chicken and what is up with the purple colored prime rib?  The prime rib should be the showstopper for most buffets, but The Buffet got it all wrong. Crab legs looked plentiful from afar but once you get up to the station for your pickings, there's nothing but slim pickings.  And I see steamed is not an option huh - for the price we pay?!?. And please teach your service folks to do other things and not just stand 4 feet away along the wall watching diners' every move - it was so awkward having her walk up to our table right when we place our utensils down - dang lady, give us some space to breath or something...get more drinks, don't ask if we would like another drink...who only needs one drink during a buffet dinner???  If the glass is empty, fill it up!. Head over to PH, Cosmo, MGM or The M Resort - neither of those have ever disappointed.. After such a failure at Bellagio buffet and now Wynn buffet - I've lost all faith in these so called 5-start resort buffets.. Years ago, this place was awesome - too bad this last trip was the end of that.
Wow. An hour plus wait in the queue and big disappointment in experience. The flowers were more pleasant than the actual edibles.. . Besides the flawless prime rib, bacon waffles, a Chinese shrimp panko spring roll,and an outstanding buttermilk maple fried chicken ( perfect), I was not terribly impressed.. . Sushi hard core sucked. Desserts were not good inside of the middle room. a rich chocolate shotglass passable. shotglass cheesecake also an Eh. But the cardamom pistachio creme anglaise and the tapioca pudding were outstanding ( found next to the sushi, oddly enough).. . Weekend brunch ends at 3pm. $33 a head. Steep and not worth it for the quality of food presented.. . No crab legs. No Cajun seafood this past Sunday. Bum deal.. . Wicked Spoon faaaaar surpasses The Buffet! And that's my foodie four cents' worth!
I expected so much more from Wynn.  We were invited by the Casino host Mr. Brando as we were about to cash out our chips.   We went for their infamous Champagne Brunch.  That Sunday was crowded but we didn't mind because the host said go straight to the VIP/Invited guest line, and tell them I sent you there and if theres a problem call my desk.  . . As soon as we got to the front of the line, the rude cashier said to us go back to the end of the line bc you don't have a fast pass??  And before I could say anything she yelled out "NEXT!!!". I.  said to her,  "wait... call the casino host they've invited us.  Here's our players club please look it up for our complimentary meal."  . . When we sat down, wasn't until 2 trips to the buffet line when our waitress finally came out and asked, "what would you like to drink???" . . We've both responded "Champagne brunch please..."  . . She replied "You have to pay extra for that!"  . . Again, I had to explain to her the Casino's host invited us if you have any problem just call the desk.  She didn't bother either instead just offer us water.  . . I must say the lack of customer service probably went down hill because it was overcrowded.  However, we're at the Wynn and not Circus Circus.  Obviously we didn't have problem paying $50/person meal when we were playing $500-$1000 hand probably the only reason why we were invited for complimentary meal.  Regardless, we've been to plenty of fine establishments and we've never been treated the way we did.  You would think at a 5-star resort place like this would have a superb customer service.  I guess I was too distracted by the pretty decor.. . **UPDATE:  Mr. Brando have been addressed with these issues and he's doing everything in his power to make-up for our bad experience.  He handled the issue very professional and we would definitely come back because of him.
I must have gone on an "off' day. The Buffet was definitely a disappointment in all aspects. We went there for dinner on Tuesday, and it was $36/person.  We were lucky enough to get a VIP card, so we didn't have to wait too long for a table. . . Food: 2/5. I came here with really high expectations, based on the reviews of this place, but sadly, my hopes were dashed upon tasting their food.. . Prime Rib: 2/5 (First slice: Well done and dry; 2 slice medium). Veal: 4/5 (best dish of the entire buffet). Sushi: 0/5 (Spicy Salmon roll, fishy and nori wrap was wilted). Poke Tuna: 3/5 (OK). Crab legs: 2/5 (Not much taste if you eat without the butter.). Gelato: 4/5 (Creamy and smooth, best of the desserts). . Everything looked old, food quality is comparable to Hometown Buffet.  No oysters, and sushi selection was lacking. Quality of food was sub-par. Workers really seemed unhappy and apathetic.. . Service: 3/5. Average service. Plates could have been removed more quickly, and waiter rarely came to check up on us or refill our drinks.. . Ambiance: 3/5. Outdated compared to the other high-end buffet places.. . Final Verdict:. For the price, I'd rather save my $36 and have lunch at Bacchannal (Cesar Palace).
I love the scenery and the food was ok, but I really do not like their dress code. My brother had to go back upstairs because he was wearing a tank top yet there are plenty of women who are wearing tank tops--he was stopped when he was about to eat his food. My family paid a lot of money to dress down and relax. This is a really bad policy! They better change it soon. I really lost my tastes and appetite after seeing that. Profiling.
The breakfast in opinion was not all that great--bacon waffle was not Belgian waffle quality. Despite my dislike of their dress code , the only thing that I enjoyed was their meat selection and chicken pot stickers. They prepare lunch better than they do with their breakfast. The pizza did not taste good. . . They need to try their foods first before serving it to their guests. If they demand a strict dress code then their food should reflect it
This is the only buffet I've been to on the Strip. As such, the first visit was amazing. I'd never had such an assortment of foods to choose from at a buffet.... . The novelty has worn off. Visited this place for breakfast/lunch on a weekday, just as they were changing out the breakfast foods to lunch. It was a comp, so it's not like I was spending any of MY money, but...I still feel like it was such a waste. The food was just mediocre, nothing to call home about. The first time was great probably because of the whole "first time at a Vegas buffet" thing.. . The food hasn't changed in the 8 month period between my visits here. All the same types of pastas, same desserts, same salads, same soups, same meats and cheeses. Probably will not be visiting again. Next time, I plan on stopping by Wicked Spoon and Bacchanal.
Our Brunch Was very disappointing. . Fish wasn't cooked, bread was rubbery, prime rib had no flavor. Sushi was tasteless, mexican rice overcooked. Desserts were cheap, gelato not good. Overpriced as far as quality. The place was very nice. Great decor. I had the best seat in the house.
We decided to try the Wynn buffet because we read such good reviews, but sadly, I have had better. 4-stars? What for? It is not worth 40$ There was nothing out of the ordinary in the buffet. The salmon laid out was cold, overcooked, and taste - ughh! . The sushi - seriously, the take out sushi at Ralphs/Vons is better! Even the meats, the brisket, was cold and tasteless. . There was a wide spread of different cuisines that only looked good, but taste wise - naan...either some had too much salt, or didn't have any! The only good cuisine was the Italian. . The desserts were also ok. The brownie smelled like egg - which is a big turn off. Some of the bread also smelled like egg. The only decent thing was the gelato and some coconut tapioca dessert. All the other desserts were just about ok - nothing to go ga-ga over. . The buffet at Caesar's Palace or Paris is way better - Worth the wait, worth the money.
Wasn't thrilled.   The Bacchanal is wayyyyu better.    The dessert section here is half the size.  The drinks tasted funny.  Maybe chlorine.  Idk.   We left not feeling full.   Waited for drinks and had to go ask.
This is the 2nd time for the buffet.  The first time was last year and the food was great.  My wife is deathly allergic to peanuts and tree nuts so we asked what she could eat.  The first time we had the executive chef walk us around and tell us what specifically we could eat.  This time the chef didn't seem to know exactly what was in each item.  Made it a little scary to eat things when you aren't sure.  The food we did eat seemed ok.  Nothing special.  You spend over $40 a person you would expect something decent.  Not sure what happened in a year but seemed to us the quality and selection went down.
Meh, No prime rib, no olive selection, and no fruit selection except for fruits in a cup.  I've had better food selection elsewhere.
So, I first reviewed this buffet in 2010 and it was the best. And although we only visit the buffet a couple times a year, I hadn't noticed any decrease in variety or quality but on our last visit in July, we were disappointed. It was ho-hum. The desserts were cafeteria quality. The rest was ok. I just think you could have found all of the food at any other buffet...even at a station buffet. Recently, we've tried the Wicked Spoon which was phenomenal. Great presentation, high quality and items you do not find at any other buffet...like bone marrow! We also tried the new Bacchanal at Caesars and it put the Wynn buffet to shame. In this town, with all these buffets, the Wynn needs to step it up and keep up with the others. Won't be returning.
Maybe my expectation was too much but this place was a disappointment. The presentation of food, service and interior is of course very good but the taste was just better than average. Some of the dishes were very dry(expected from an "average" buffet), some very salty....Ive had much better food at other buffets with this price tag. . . If you haven't been to a real good pricey buffet yet, you could try this place out as I've heard this is best in Vegas. One thing I did like about this place is how they sliced their crab legs open.
I was torn between giving this place a 2 or a 3. Everything was really hyped up beforehand - best buffet in Vegas! Endless crab legs! - but I did not feel like I got my money's worth.. . To start off, after waiting in a long line, we are slapped with the $40 price tag to get into the buffet.  Holy mackerel that is expensive! At this point, I am still convinced that it's totally going to be worth it.  But alas, turns out they have a strictly enforced dress code.  My guy friend, who had chosen to wear a tank top, was told that he could either change his shirt or buy the Wynn Buffet shirt for $20.  After much hesitation, he decided to buy it since we were staying in Excalibur and going back wasn't an option.  . . Our spirits dampened, we proceeded inside. The display was impeccable! All the food looked appetizing and there was a huge variety.  The crab legs, however, were pretty tasteless, so don't waste your food space on that.  The rest of the food, while good, wasn't anything to write home about.  Dessert spread was very pretty, but the taste was average.  . . If I were to find myself back here, I would be more careful in choosing dishes to maximize value.  However, I would pick a different buffet despite the fancy names and presentation because the food was only slightly above average.  I would get more satisfaction from going to a cheaper, average tasting buffet but that is just me.
I was very disappointed. 80$ for two people and here's my break down . Food- not as "AMAZING" as everyone says it to be. My fav was probably the salad because ya can't mess a salad up. . Service- the people that work here only take responsibility for themselves. An old man was struggling to remember where he was and no one wanted to help him they were pushing each other saying no you do it no you poor guy finally found a nice server to help him. Then the people working in the kitchen while refilling food would be so full of attitude. Well jeez I'm sorry you have to cook more food.... . . Overall you're paying for the name Wynn and Encore that's it. Not worth 80$ or 40$ per person
This was the biggest disappointment from my experience at the Wynn. The table seating system is hap hazard and slow. If you are hungry expect to wait for your food.. The ambiance (tables and chairs) is more Soup Plantation then first class Vegas hotel. The food was abundant but mediocre. If you think you are going to eat all the great sushi you want for a flat fee forget it. There were only a few rolls  (no fish) and they were of supermarket quality. Bottom line: If you just want a trough to endlessly feed from then it's okay. If you prefer good food and a pleasant dining experience the city has so many other better choices for a better value.
An average buffet at best. All meat items were over cooked and dry. The only thing good was the ribeye steak. All items here was also not very unique minus the spiked pineapple. This buffet was not worth the 40 dollar price tag. Should have gone to Studio B or the Buchannal buffet instead.
Very mediocre food, just seemed to need seasoning. Service great, but will skip this next time.
The lunch buffet is not worth the money! I had pretty high expectations but they definitely were not met. My favorite part of casino buffets is the seafood, however I was so disappointed that they didn't have any shrimp, or crab legs and the sushi was a very limited selection. Last time I was in Vegas I went to the Bellagio buffet and that was amazing so if you have a choice, go for Bellagio.
Overpriced but boring food.  Food is mediocre but beautiful.  Plates have stains and are not all clean.  For $40 / person I expected more.  All the stuff looks pretty to look at but are really subpar in flavor.  Soda is pre-filled in pitchers WITH ice so when they pour it for you it's watery and flat.  All the appearance of high end dining that ultimately falls to golden corral standards.
The Buffet is in Wynn Hotel offers various dishes that customers from all around world could enjoy the fine dining experience. Particularly line of menu are long and well presented. If you like pasta, seafood, steak, or vegetarian dishes, you name it the buffet have the exact one or similar kind. Even though the buffet offers long line of attractive dishes, some of them are not cooked well nor have the great taste like other high-end restaurants would offer in that price range. Servers who serve drinks are well mannered and very friendly: however I found out that servers (or they might call themselves as cook or chef) behind the food table area serve steak or refill foods might be busy talking to themselves and less responsive to customers' request (visited three times and observed three times). Such a restaurant in one of the best hotels in Las Vegas, I would expect the better service or, at least, have the professionalism from cooks and chefs behind of the food table area. . . * Service: Below average (compare to other high-end buffet or local restaurants in Las Vegas hotels) . * Price: Pricy as all high-end restaurants would (you may find discount coupons from local discount shops) . * Atmosphere: Excellent (very nice and well presented) . * Food Quality: Slightly below average for seafood (remember you are in desert area not by ocean side) and great for dessert (wide range of dessert). . * Parking: Valet parking is available or self-parking in Wynn hotel garage (free of charge for self-parking). * Avoid factor: Make sure to leave some room for dessert. Be patient with cooks and chefs behind of the food table if they are busy talking to each other. Particularly, steak and meats area, Cooks/chefs may not responsive well nor friendly. . * Recommendation: Try their dessert (better than advertised seafood - in my opinion their seafood are overrated).
Great selection. Nice atmosphere. Loved the ice cream sandwiches you can have them make. Also the omelets you can have them make. Besides that every thing is average. Exotic names. But quality was just so so. I tried everything, tHe only thing that was ok was the fried chicken breaded in a maple pancake dough or something. That was definitely different. It was free with our hotel. But if you have to pay it is way too much. It is like 86 for too people that is crazy. I think they price it high to keep people who are not from the hotel out.
So I literally just finished having dinner here today Sunday11/24/13. It was $38.99 a person... So for two with tax = $85 (not worth it). First of all, I didn't experience a line wait at all! But then maybe because it just is not with the wait! After being seated, service was great and so was the decor. The food on the other hand was completely mediocre. They had a chilled seafood station that had sushi, cocktail shrimp and crab legs (but I like crab legs warm-not cold. **side note-Caesars buffet has both!- Anyways, on the the Asian station. Nothing great there. The next station with the meats is OK. My husband enjoyed the prime rib, but he's had better. And the there was a Mexican grill station that had tamales and potatoes. The seafood section was really disappointing. It had 3-4 mini options of fish... But missing the GOOD fish. Options were Mako, snapper, and salmon. For the price I would have expected quality like sea bass, Mahi- mahi etc. and it did not taste great either. Pizza station was unoriginal which every other buffet has. And the Italian station had someone available to make pasta customized. Didn't eat the Italian section tho. I figure Italian food/ pasta is relatively cheap to make do I would prefer to get my money's worth. The dessert has it's own room but highly lacks in quality. I literally liked on item in addition to the ice cream, which is pretty horrible because I'm a dessert fanatic. I only only likes the warmed brownie with ice cream. They have a gelato station with about 5 flavors. *side note - wicked spoon, aria buffet and Caesars buffet have more ice cream options.- the rest of the desserts did not taste good at all. Very average and below. I thought when I tried this buffet 5 years ago & did not like it that it was me because I tried lunch and should have tried dinner. Clearly, it's not me.
Disappointed...i will say we don't usually go to buffets. We got free buffet pass with our stay at the Wynn. So we went for lunch. There always seems to be a wait so you figure it must be good. We waited about 15-20 minutes. The service was good. Drinks refilled and plates cleared. The food or price is the problem. For what they charge the quality of food is not there.
Food was sub par, service was horrible as the waiter was rude .  selection is so limited that it is a joke!
Wow this buffet is so shitty I'm writing this review at my table. This place has good reviews and friends said it was good so we decided to try it. Came at 1pm on a Saturday and got sat about 2pm. The wait was brutal but expected.. It was about $100 for two people including drinks so pretty average. The food selection was horrible.. Old stale pizza, nasty chicken, old Asian food.. Pretty much everything was old. I'm eating with 3 people who all hate their food as well. Even buffets with shitty food are usually ok in some ways but this place has nothing good to offer. The food doesn't even look appetizing to start with. The only thing that looks decent is the desserts but I haven't tried them just yet so 2 stars for that. The decor is old and the table is so so far away from the food it sucks. Don't bother here go to Wicked Spoon so far it was the best! ... . . . Just tried the desserts and they sucked too.. the best part of this buffet was my pineapple slices and the fact that my mimosas kept comin!
The environment was good, but unfortunately the food was completely opposite. For the money (Diner-$38+/person)  I would much rather have gone elsewhere. For starters the sushi was inedible the rice was all mushy and the variety of sushi was disappointing. The next issue was the prime rib, it was so tough it felt like I was chewing on old bubble gum. The tri-tip was more tender but, it was fairly dry. There were no fish items present but, there was mushy shrimp and crab legs. The Italian food consisted of pasta and pizza. Both were ok but, certainly not excellent. Lastly the dessert selection was very bland. I felt that their only good dessert was the gelato. . . Overall my experience was satisfactory but, I definitely expected more from a world class hotel.
It doesn't worth 3 hours wait at all. So disappinting. The asian food they have is worse than every asian resturant i have ever been, like the kimchi is too spicy and dry. The pot sticker is just frozen food that you can get in walmart. They don't have much seafood, only shrimp, crab leg and oyster(and the oyster was not really fresh), and the dessert was just ok for me, the cramel pudding was not cooked well, too mushy and they don't have much flavor for ice cream. Other food like steak and lamb was good, but overall it's just lack of choices and the food is just not very satisfying! Most importantly we waited in line for 3 hours, it's just not worth it. I've been to Le Village buffet in Paris Hotel and it's much better they have basically the same food and less time to wait, besides it's cheaper.
Really long waiting, mediocre food, below average and sometimes rude waiting staff. I have had buffets in multiple places in Vegas (Aria, Bellagio, Paris, Caesar's Palace) and Wynn is worse by orders of magnitude. After waiting in line for an hour and a half, the first thing our hostess told us was that we had 2 hours to finish. I felt welcome right then! After that, the waiter, who only had to bring us drinks, brought us water in the beginning and did not come back even when we asked him to. And then one of the busing guys seemingly jokingly did an act with couple other staff members to kick out folks sitting on the table next to us since they only had 8 minutes left for their 2 hours - the effect was that they left, and the rest in the room were left with a bad taste. And the food was nothing to write home about. If you're in Vegas, you have so many options that this buffet is certainly worth skipping. This is my first review on yelp. I was so annoyed with the whole buffet experience at Wynn that I registered with yelp and wrote the review sitting at the table!
I've been here a few time during their early years and the food was great. Defiantly top 3 buffets on the strip. But we haven't been back for about 5 or 6 years so decided to have dinner here. The Adult dinner price was $54.99 which is about the same compared to other properties on the strip. I've been here before in the past and this time around I feel it's really gone down hill. Food seemed old, minimal selection, and service was really slow. For the price I don't think it's worth it.
Went during the Christmas Holiday to New Year's time period so Sunday Brunch was about $40 a person. Was it worth it? No. Maybe because I'm not a breakfast food person and most of the food were breakfast items. The line went pretty quickly. We were in line, paid, and seated within an hour.. . They had a bagel station, shrimp cocktail, sushi area, Asian inspired food, create your own omelette station, carving station, create your own eggs benedict station, Mexican inspired food, breakfast pizzas/pastas, cheese/breads, oatmeal, and salads.. . I got to try their smoked salmon which was nothing special. Prime rib was pretty salty, but they cooked it medium so not as pink as I would have liked. Plenty of shrimp cocktails, but how could you mess that up? Eggs benedict was a fail. You have a choice of lobster, original, and other choices, but they ran didn't have lobster or canadian bacon so you only had the choice of pork loin. Why ask me what I want if that's all you have! I ate a bite and threw it away. They had a congee (Asian porridge) station as well which I thought was pretty cool, but it wasn't hot at all, it was like room temperature.... . As for the desserts, I was expecting something spectacular! However, I was pretty disappointed. They have 2 sides of desserts and they were all basically repeats. They have a small selection of cakes, ice cream, and other stuff. The only thing that stuck out to be was the passionfruit tapioca, but I just scrapped off the passionfruit and ate that.. . Service:. Our server was friendly to everyone else, but us. Took awhile to take the dishes away. Took awhile to refill our glasses and wouldn't even bother if we didn't ask. Most likely won't be dining at this buffet again...Come closerto dinner time. That's when they brought out the snow crab legs, oysters, and lamb chops!
