first off the food here isn't bad but I prefer Boiling Crab on Decatur. i've been there twice in the past month and have to say that the service is terrible. the waitress' perform as if this is their first job waitressing and are still learning. one was actually rude when taking my order cause she couldn't understand what i wanted. maybe i was being unclear but come on. I will just have to expect the poor service. this place is well over rated.
Disclaimer: I am a boiling crab fan. I will try to leave out the comparisons... keyword is try.. . Here we are in Vegas... We stumble upon hot & juicy. Of course our first thought was whole shabang?!? In Vegas?!? What could be better. Sadly to say it is not. . . We beat the rush so we were seated right away. I was curious about lousiana style which now I'm thinkin is plain....? My friend got the hot & juicy special. For both of us it was lacking, we like our food drenched with flavorful sauce. If ur a dry food kinda person you'll probably like it. I thought the shrimps were good... had leftover seafood taste tho.. We actually liked our corn it was pretty sweet. I order a side of extra sauce which could have saved the whole situation except it had this weird plastic taste in it.. . The service was good. They were attentive.  . . Overall. It was ok. Quality of the shrimp & corn *thumbs up* The sauce *thumbs down*
It's sad, especially when you consider that Vegas is one of the best "foodie" places in the world, that you find a place like this where there is so much potential that is simply waisted. . . The crayfish, at an appalling $11 per pound, are an absolute joke - pathetically tiny and completely overwhelmed by their signature "Hot And Juicy" sauce so much so that you can not even taste the minuscule portion you manage to pry from its tail. Don't even bother sucking out the head, you might as well just poke a hole in the bag they serve them to you in and drink away. . . There are many things this place does that are very cool, and obviously people are coming in the doors, but one gets the impression that no one in management cares if you like their food or not.
Man v Food is one of my favorite shows and you always hear Adam say how great every single place he stops off at is. I always wonder if everywhere can be THAT amazing. I actually came to this place randomly with my girlfriend when we were in Las Vegas and she was craving crawfish. We came here before we knew it was on the show and we had no idea what to expect.. . We came on a saturday afternoon and the place was completely empty. We were the only customers in the building... For a saturday afternoon i didnt see that as being a good sign. We ordered a pound of Crawfish, cajun fries and i ordered myself some deep fried shrimp.. . I was not a fan of the crawfish, but most notably the sauce. We got mild or medium and it just wasnt very good. The fried shrimp was over battered and the shrimp did not taste fresh at all. i ended up not finishing the shrimp, and i ate fries most of the time i was there. My girlfriend finished the crawfish, didnt like it very much. We left and both agreed that we probably wont be back to this location again.. . We were definitely comparing this place to Boiling Crab and nothing really compares to boiling crab.. . . The positives. The service was pretty good and friendly :)
First off, i am NOT anal at all. I am a server myself and i know how it feels and exactly what it is like. First timer at Hot n Juicy Crawfish. As i walked in by myself to check in for me and my family a party of 6 i was expecting to be attended to, a couple walked in at the same time as i did and "Amber" decided she wanted to jot their name down on the waiting list, looked at me and walked away. I was standing for a good 5 minutes till someone approached and realized i haven't been helped. I was hoping not to have her as a server since i felt right off the back, i was gonna be dissatisfied with her service. And yes coincidentally she was. 6 or more right (speaks for its self) yeah. As what she made it seem (oh well tips included) We felt rushed while ordering and her attitude wasn't so pleasant. We felt as if "gratuity" was included she didn't feel the need to attend to us. Although as i observed she was attending to every other table, taking new orders leaving us behind. Could be just "our" table she happened to be a little "careless" on but to top the not checking up on us at least, Took a while to get her attention to refill our drinks she refilled our drinks which was rasberry icetea with coke instead yuck! and my boyfriend had to go up to the counter himself twice for a refill of the "right" soda. Didn't appreciate her attitude with the lack of horrible service. Her coworkers also mentioned "again amber that's your 2nd time" not a good first time experience. Aside from that, food was good. Fries were just a bit soggy.
it was okay.... nothing like boiling crab or crawdaddy's in SJ, CA though.. . sauce was good... just not enough.... so expect to pay extra for more sauce otherwise it's hard to dip your shrimp.. . my friend's crawfish had lots of dirt in it... so that was a big no no.... . . i'd rather go to boiling crab or crawdaddy's even if the wait is longer...
Smelly and gross.  Cheap seafood and powdered seasonings served in plastic bags.  Friggin disgusting.  Really.  Salty!!!!  Ugh.  It made me sick.. . Crappy shellfish boiled with salty water.  Disgusting.  The garlic was on my fingers and coming out of my pours for a week.  One of the worst restaurants ever.
If I were to rate this place based on the food alone, I would give it a 4.5.. The shrimp was really good with the signature hot and juicy sauce, even better than what I've had at boiling crab *gasp!! My friends and I shared deep fried soft shell crab, catfish, and fries, which were all really yummy.. . What brought it waaaay down for me was the HORRIBLE service! We went to eat there on a Saturday evening, so we were expecting it to be really busy, but it wasn't. Thought that would be a good thing because our server would probably have more time to be attentive, but NO! My friend's mouth was on fire from the spicy sauce and had to ask for a coke refill 4 times before a different server finally came and refilled her cup, I had to ask for water 3 times, my other friend's plastic bib broke and she had to repeatedly ask for another before someone finally brought her a new one.. . When I received my bag of shrimp, there was a hole in it and juices were leaking everywhere. I politely asked the server if I could have another bag just to place the one I already had inside because I didn't want to lose all the sauce to my table, and he replied with a horrible attitude, telling me I wouldn't need one because it would be messy anyway. I then replied with, "Can you just get me a bag like I asked for please?" And he proceeded to throw his hands in the air, say "Fine," in a very sarcastic tone, and just threw the bag on the table. Um, excuse me?? First of all, I wanted to save my delicious sauce for my rice, not for licking off the f*cking table, DICK. I wish I ordered crab instead of shrimp so I could use the claws to attack him.. . Overheard the tables next to ours complaining about the bad service and the unnecessary attitudes as well. I hope the management at this establishment figures out a way to properly train their employees to be helpful, attentive, and polite. Until that happens, I won't be returning to Hot and Juicy.
Food was good and the place was packed but the service was horrible and when it came time for the bill asked for cash do they wouldn't get charged for using their card machine!!!  Then I didn't get my change, they just put it in their tip jar!! I had to ask for it and dug it out their jar in front of me!! As a foodie, great food, as a person who has been in the food and hospitality field for 10 years, bad FOH staff!!
We enjoyed so much last year, so we went back there last week. What happened? The sauce was so watery & blend and not delicious at all. Very disappointed.
Let me start by saying that the flavor of my crawfish was excellent.  I especially like ordering the side of rice and pouring some of the sauce over the rice, phenomenal!  Now let me throw some criticism in.  The service was a complete embarrassment.  It seemed as though the servers had no direction or coordination.  I understand this place is usually a madhouse, but that should mean the wait staff should be pros at handling a full house.  After we got our first order, our table was completely neglected.  One of us didn't even get our meal.  They brought it out after I had walked up to the bar and mentioned our table is a ghost town.  By the time they came with the rest of our food, we told them to take it back, we're ready to go.  Hopefully, I caught them on an off night, we all have those.  I will be back, and I will write an updated review, but don't you disappoint me again.
I hate to give this place 2 stars because of a server's fault. The last time I was there, our server placed the wrong order for our table.. . I ordered two different flavors of shrimp with one pound each. But the server somehow only heard one flavor. Everyone else in my table heard that I ordered two flavors. . . It's fine when someone makes a mistake. It could happen to anyone. But, he insisted that he was not wrong. Instead of apologizing, he actually offered me to order another pound of shrimp of the flavor I want. Really?? Is he trying to upsell me another pound of shrimp in this situation? Or is he just too afraid to admit that he had made a mistake. Maybe he afraid that his manager will say something to him.  . . Maybe it was my fault that I didn't say it clear enough. Or maybe he is just not taking our orders seriously. Regardless of who is wrong or right, he shouldn't act so unprofessional. I was not that mad until how he handled this situation. . . Luckily all other servers were really nice. Food was good as usual.
This place was just OK.  . After eating at SO CAL CRAWFISH in California, it's hard to compete.  I just love the flavoring at SO CAL CRAWFISH!  Hot N Juicy Crawfish was.....eh???
They were out of craw fish an hour after opening!! Disappointed!!
This place is overrated.  It's really pricey for what you get.  But I guess in Las Vegas you can't get that much better.  . . What we ordered:. 4 lbs crawfish (2 lb Hot n juicy special & 2 juicy Cajun). The Juicy Cajun was a lot better in my opinion.  The medium was not spicey. . . The spicy was good. You could taste it on the corn but not so much the crawfish.  It seemed like it was not boiled in the sauce and the sauce was tossed on afterwards.  The flavor had not soaked into the crawfish.. . I don't usually comment about the cleanliness of bathrooms, but man...these bathrooms were gross.  Trash was everywhere.. . Service: Waitress was friendly enough. Looks like the trendy place to be. But I'd rather not get my crawfish in LV.  Probably would not eat here the next time we visit.
I have finally had the chance to check this place out and what a disappointment.. . Let me start by saying... our waiter, Nick... DAMN. It was almost like he was fed up in being there and just didn't give a fck. Once we sat down, he came and yes... threw out menus in our face, threw sugar bags down on the table, and asked us you guys want anything to drink?! Daaaamn serious?!?!! Why Boo??!! WHY??! Wow okay... . Came back with our teas and took our orders.. that's the last time we saw his face. . . It took numerous attempts to get a runner, server, whoever worked there to ask for refills, which finally was able to be refilled, but with regular tea when I had Raspberry. Nasty... The whole time we were there... our throats were like a desert and our drinks were empty.. so damn empty,  the melted ice made a few gulps of replenishment to get us through our meals. We had to ask for gloves, we had to ask again for our pepper and  limes on the side, which our server never brought, and we even had to ask the next table to please get their server's attention for us after she was done giving them their food orders, just so we could... Ask. Even our tools to crack open our crabs were not the right tools, but after trying to get a server's attention. It was more tiring to wave down a server than tear apart our meals. From the frustration on the service here, I tore the crab legs with my own bare hands and ate like an animal. Tearing it with my own straight teeth!!! Grrr!!! I ended up doing the.. break the shell with my fingers and gently wiggle wiggle the meat out. Several times I showed my great company that I conquered a looooong piece of crab meat Ha haaaa! But then she shows off her piece, which was thicker and longer than mine!!! Oh yeah?!??!!!! I had that Ooo impressed face and nodded my head. We entertained each other... But never once were we checked back upon to see how we were doing or we needed anything. It was literally the worst service for a fun-filled environment. . . I heard their other new location has better service, but this experience makes me think twice to even want to give them my business.. . The food was the only thing that made me want to give Any stars to this establishment. The sweet potato fries was excellent in texture and taste. The shrimp, crab, and side of sausage we ordered were full of spice and with the combination of asking limes on the side to make your own sauce.. it tasted refreshing, sweet, spicy, peppery, bitter, and ended with a great bite from the acidity of the limes. Don't forget to ask for those pepper and limes on the side.. makes a great impact with the flavors of the spices that were cooked in with the crab and shrimp. Even if you have to hunt someone down that worked there to get it! I will note that the food deserves high remarks. However, due to the lack of service we received here, it's unfortunate to give it such a low rating. But I must speak the truth and the service here was... non-existence. Damn, DAMN shame if you ask me. It ruined a good meal experience and for us to constantly try to get a server's attention is just bad news. We couldn't enjoy our food and it shouldn't be that way.. . And for that reason alone... first and last time dining here. Wasn't so "hot" after all and that's the juicy part.
We came to Vegas for some fun! It was Saturday afternoon - so we were hungry. We had 2 pounds of crawfish, 2 of shrimps and 1 pounds of mussel. There was something different with the sauce. . . Crawfish seems like overcooked - really rubby taste! U I guess that kind of spoil the taste a bit. Shrimp could not go wrong. Mussel was good. Or maybe we got the end of the pot - sauces. I don't know. 65 bucks unsatisfied!
Very disappointed with the crawfish in garlic sauce.  The crawfish themselves were good, but they were served in a plastic bag with probably a quart of sauce.  . . It's one thing to have spicy food, but when you have to put your hand into what amounts to a bag of soup to pull out the food, it's just too much.. . I think those who chose crab legs and shrimp were happy, but the hot n juicy crawfish was a big disappointment.. . Won't do this again and all in all, not what I would call a good experience.
I went here Friday with a group of friends.. I ordered the Garlic Crab Legs.. Yes the food is absolutely delicious, the service is wonderful, the atmosphere is pretty kool, and there was parking. . I left with a great feeling!. Now... its MONDAY... my fingers STILL wreak of the most nastiest stench of my life!. I cant get rid of it no matter what I do. . Use Gloves, they dont give you forks so you gotta eat with your fingers like a damn Mongolian from the 18th century. The dog wont go near me, Everytime I smell my fingers I want to barf.. Definitely try this place, good for a once in a lifetime thing bring latex gloves and a gas mask!
I've been to many Boiling Crabs across CA so I was anticipating a lot from Hot N Juicy. I ordered: 1/2 lb shrimp with 1/2 dozen sausage, corn, cajun fries, and I tried some of my friends' oysters and crawfish. Got Mild with Hot N Juicy seasoning. . . Firstly, prices were a little steeper than BC, maybe $1-2 higher. Dived into the food and after a few bites, my mouth was ON FIRE. Seriously. I got Mild, the lowest spice setting and I had to stop eating a few times because my mouth was suffering. I got the sweats, Corona & water didn't help, and my stomach even hurt a bit. You might call me weak and maybe I am, but I order a Mild at BC and I have no problem finishing a Whole Shabang there. . . It was so spicy that I could barely taste the seasoning. The corn was mushy/soggy. The sausageswere good, but still had the same level of insane heat. Oysters were bigger than I'd like, I prefer mine small and sweet. . . Overall, the most memorable part of my meal were the sausages and the saltine/oyster/horseradish/cocktail sauce combo. Boiling Crab over Hot N Juicy any day.
Hot N Juicy you let me down. I have had this place bookmarked FOR-EV-ER and jumped at the chance to go last night when a friend invited me. I got there at 730 and asked for a table for 3, they said 25 minutes wait, no problem. About 8:05 they called my name and sat us in the back in a half booth but it had a square table so it was really akward. A round table would have been much better. Anyways I ordered 1lb of shrimp with the hot n juicy seasoning with a corn and potato and my friends both ordered 1lb of king crab with lemon pepper and juicy cajun seasonings. Right after our server took our order a big party of 15 came in and was seated right next to us and our server tended to them immediately. After about 25 minutes we have had no refills, and we have no food. I start to notice that people who came in AFTER us are getting their food. I joke and say "I think they forgot about us." We stop a waitress and ask whats going on and she tells us some bullshit lie that our food is coming but that we have the king crab and that can take a little bit longer. Now its been at least 45 minutes and no food. Our server finally comes to our table and tells us she is so sorry and so embarassed but she forgot to put our order in, but she put it in right now and it is being pushed to the front of the line. Now at this point im PISSED off. She was soo worried about serving the table of 15 and just forgot about us. Before we even get our food the table of 15 is already starting to get appetizers. Our food finally came around 9:10 and it was good thats why the 2 stars. The hot n juicy seasoning is delicious but SOO garlicky. I still smell like garlic today. I tried some of my friends lemon pepper crab and that was reallly good. For 2lbs of king crab and 1lb of shrimp our total was like $80 which is not bad. But I will not be back because of the shitty service. I will try the other location a little bit down the street and hope we dont get forgotten about.  FYI the servers  name is ASHLEY, dont get her because she FORGETS everything! Even the people next to us were mad because she forgot to add potatoes and corn to their bag.
