First the good...the service....five stars...if you include the manager Jackie, who my friends think walks on water, probably seven stars.... . Second, the food- all above average, steaks good not great , sides very good and of course the Lemon cake very good but nothing more than four stars and that is being generous.... . So where is the issue...THE WINE....are your frigging kidding me...this list was put together by some pistol pack'n flunky from deep inside the Del Frisco headquarters...they don't allow corkage yet within their limited wine selection they feature- Educated Guess- a red wine for the Bev Mo crowd...and I am sure Del Frisco can pick it up for about $6 a bottle and they sell for $15 a glass...and that is one of the more thoughtful choices on the -by the glass- menu...absolutely shameful...it killed the whole experience for me and if you like wine with your meal it will kill it for you as well..
I'm not sure why everyone raves about this steakhouse.  We have had better food - just across the street.  Our server was great but the food can only be described as mediocre.  The tomato and onion salad consisted of huge slices of under-ripe tomatoes and huge hunks of hot onion that no one could eat.  The rib-eye was OK but not spectacular.  I can name two dozen other steakhouses in Phoenix and Las Vegas that far surpass the food here.  Hopefully we were there on a bad night but we don't plan to give it a second chance--not for the prices charged.
I don't get the rave about this place. I don't understand how it has survived all these years. The prices aren't the highest I've paid for steak (my all time favorite spot is CUT in LA$$$$) but the prices are so high especially for Vegas where your dining dollar tends to have very high returns. I was a bit disappointed and discouraged really from the moment we were sat in some testosterone infused wood paneled room with four flat screen TVs playing ESPN. WTF I thought I was at a steak house that was going to cost me upwards of 150$ per person. But my surroundings were very much collegiate Dennys. I lost my appetite. The wine list was enormous and lacking a sommelier. It was hard to find a wine under $100 and most were over $200. Ridiculous. They wet age their meat. I'm a fan of dry aging. The negatives just go on... Skip it. There are plenty of steak specials in town for $15 if you're looking for meat stick to that and use the difference of $150 on some nickel slots instead.
My husband and I came here this past Friday night.  We read the reviews and thought we HAD to try it.  The decor and entertainment (live piano player) was great, but the food was so-so.  I've definitely had better (Ruth's Chris; Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak and Stone Crab).  My steak was cook right, but there was a major lack of flavor.  It tasted like a plain piece of meat.  We ordered the potatoes au gratin and those were blan tasting too.  I'm not too sure what everyone else is raving about?!  Perhaps my husband and I ate there on a off-night? Not too sure. All I know is we definitely won'tbe coming here again.
The boyfriend is going to kill me when he reads this review, because he loved the dinner and he spent a lot of money on it, but I was overly unimpressed.. . We started off with the special chopped salad. I thought this was rather good, but it was so drenched in dressing that I could barely distinguish the different ingredients. I tasted bacon, and I felt the lettuce, but that's about it. . . I forgot, the table bread is forgettable. Yes, it's soft, and covered in sesame seeds, but there was nothing special about it, besides the fact that it was a giant piece you had to break by hand and it left seeds all over the table. I LOVED the whipped butter, however. It was fluffy and salty, overall perfect, and I could spread this on anything and everything.. . We ordered the bone in ribeye to share, since we had a large lunch. When it came to the table, some lady mangled it. She cut a 3-4 inch slit to ask us if it was cooked properly. We asked for medium rare, and I saw a lot of white-ish meat, but the bf gave his approval, so we took it. I wanted to let the steak sit for a minute, but the lady proceeded to cut it in all sorts of sloppy pieces. . . It was a massacre. I've never seen anything like it before. She first tried to separate it from the bone. It was like she had never handled a piece of meat or a steak before. She was all over the place, and splatters of meat juice were shooting around the table. I don't know if any of it hit us or our clothes, but I saw stains appearing on the white tablecloth all around. . . It took her forever to separate the bone from the meat. At one point I thought she was going to give up, because she just couldn't get the job done. The whole time, I was staring at the knife and wondering if she had grabbed the wrong one, or if it was dull or something. It was appalling.. . Next, she cut the steak into pieces. She said she wanted us to have equal shares of each section of the steak. We had four pieces (one with the 3-4 inch slit in it), and then she decided one piece was bigger than the other, so she cut off a piece of it and threw it to the other portion. OMG. In the end, there were five pieces of mangled meat that were divided onto two plates. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?. . The meat looked bastardized after this.. . When I bit into my portion, it was, to my surprise, tough. I'm not even exaggerating here. It was really tough for a $50 steak. I've cooked more tender rib eyes bought from Costco or from Omaha's online catalog. And it wasn't anything near medium rare. It was quite possibly medium, if not more done. . . The flavor of the steak was good, but most of that was due to over salting. There is a lot of seasoning on this meat, so much so, that it was hard to actually taste the steak. I overly salt my steaks at home, but I'm not buying really expensive cuts. What I'm looking for in a pricey steak is texture, tenderness, and flavor (past the salt). I didn't get any of these three. If I had gotten this steak at Sizzler or at another, cheaper, restaurant, I'd be ecstatic, don't get me wrong. I am so critical, because this was supposed to be the best steak ever, and it fell short. By a lot.. . The sides were hit and miss. I thought the mushrooms were nicely done and were bursting with flavor. I don't even like mushrooms, but I thought these were a nice pick. The special green beans were also good. The famed lobster mac and cheese that everyone raves over...wtf? The pieces of lobster were small, and although it was creamy, it was more milky than cheesy. It was extremely loose and runny in texture, and the predominant flavor was the taste of the breadcrumbs. Um, no. I had some the next morning (cold), and the congealed consistency was slightly more appetizing.. . Overall, the next time I'm in Vegas, I'm going to look for steak elsewhere. In my humble opinion, it's not worth the price.
Inside the place certainly seems like a steakhouse, and the menu looks impressive.  However it fell short of my expectations.. . The menu carries high end steakhouse prices for items which are below that quality.  Everything was prepared well, and the meal was decent, but the price we paid was not representative of the food we received.. . In all honesty, there are quite a few better steakhouses in this city, and ones which are more deserving of the money paid.. . I had a shrimp cocktail appetizer which was very boring.  The three gourmet sauces were nothing unique or impressive, and I was forced to try them if I wanted the shrimp as each shrimp was bathed in one of them.. . The filet oscar was decent, and at 8 oz a reasonably sized protion.  However it was not worth the money as my oscar treatment contained only a tiny bit of crab and diced asparagus (which wasn't even properly cooked).. . I tried some of the lobster tail ordered by a friend, and it was okay, but absolutely not worth the $90 pricetag for the "12 oz tail" which wasn't even close to that size - perhaps it was the tail of a 12 oz lobster.. . Dinner was enjoyable, the service was outstanding.. . But if you truly enjoy steak, go to a real steakhouse.  You will spend the same amount of money, but you will receive a FAR better meal.
I've heard such great things about Del Frisco's, so perhaps they had an off night in the kitchen.  All the meat dishes that we ordered were extremely underwhelming.  Don't get me wrong, they were still decent, but not up to par for the prices.  If I went to Denny's and ordered what I ate at Del Frisco's, it would be 5 stars.  The best thing about our meal was the bread.  Service and atmosphere was excellent.  The James Bond Wine table is definitely worth checking out.  However, the only reason I'd go back is if dinner was free.
Over price, I cook better steaks than this place. Not too impressed at all. I ate the ribeye and my medium rare was over cooked more of a medium well. My girlfriend ate the filet mignon and that was so so. From what i read up about I had better. . . I tried the sides chateau potatoes were pretty good, but the spinach supreme I wasnt impressed with at all. . . Customer service was nice ate least at this place. . . It was really overpriced for the steak that I ordered.  And I wasnt to happy that for the price that I paid for my rib-eye it was over cooked badly. . . When I am paying 70$ to 90$ per a person for this place and you have over cooked meat of course I am upset! I went  with a group and some of them had really well cooked meat and mine was just over cooked and pretty dry. So I was just upset. Good thing I ate my friends wifes steak because she couldnt finish it. But for my steak that I ordered I wasnt too happy.
I took my wife here for Valentine's Day/Anniversary. The restaurant was nice and the ambiance was good as well. However, we were not that impressed with the steaks. I've had much better for way less. The only high point of the meal was the lobster mac and cheese. The rest was just OK. We ordered a bake potato and they brought it out plain with no sides (sour cream, chives, bacon bits, cheese). At $8, it should come with all the fixings or at least ask if we would like it. We also ordered Lobster tails which were served with no butter. Even Red Lobster knows to serve lobster with butter. We asked for the server to bring us butter and after about 5 minutes, it arrived. Of all the high end steak houses we've been to, this was probably the least memorable. When you're paying the high premium to eat at these steak houses, it should be above average. Del Frisco was just plain mediocre.
Had  reservations and was sat on time. I have been a big fan of Del Friscos other locations in NYC and Orlando. I am local and have eaten here before, probably 2 1/2 years ago. This particular visit was less than stellar. The fried oyster appitizer was very small. In Orlando and NYC which I ate at a couple years ago, the oysters were in abundance and falling off the plate. I don't know if slow times have caused them to cut back at this location? Calamari appetizer was ok, nothing to write home about. Now on to the main course. The prime ribeye we both ordered was for Medium. It came out still very red in the middle, was medium rare. We sent it baxck to be cooked up a little bit. Then when they brought it back out, it ended up being Medium well. We were hungry and didn't say anything. Steak was still good, just not the temperature we wanted.  For a class of steakhouse like Del Frisco's, typically a manager would have come out and stop by the table when food is sent back. Even at Outback Steakhouse a manager will come by the table when food is sent back to the kitchen. No manager ever came by. Obviously bad service there, perhaps we woudl have mentioned that the steak was now overcooked. It was very visibly light pink to brown center. The creme spinach side used to be piled high, once again, don;t know if the economy is hurting this locatation but the serving portion that typically serves 2 comfortably, left us unsatisfied. And at $12.50 for spinach, this was actually insulting. . . End result, we will probably not come back here agian next time we want steak. The service and quality fo food has gone down. Could it have been just a bad experience on this particular visit? Sure, but too many thinsg were different from our last visit to make us want to come back again. And in Vegas folks, there is no lack of excellent steakhouses. I however will go back to the one in NYC and Orlando, just never again in Vegas. our server was good at least. Mastros Ocean Club in the Cystals shopping center is much better. Been there twice and both consistant good service and food quality and portions for the money. I would refer them 1st over Del Frisco's.
Not worth the time & money.  The only thing that's good is their signature, pineapple cocktail drink.  I got the off menu wagyu and I can definitely say it wasn't a prime wagyu; taste & texture is completely different; don't even bother trying. . . Got their maque choix corn & the crab cake.  If you've tasted Mastro's cream corn, then you will be disappointed with this maque choix corn.  Unfortunately, I haven't tasted crab cakes that makes me want more, this crab cake wasn't any different.. . My significant other tasted my wagyu & said, "i taste only charcoal."  He was right, but I think it was just the slice he tasted that was more burnt.. . The customer service was definitely a 5-star, hostess & waitress were friendly.. . I'll probably come by here for the pineapple cocktail & to be in a little more classier environment, away from the drunkards.
Great food, great service, smells like a sewer.
There are even more expensive places to get mediocre food, if you can believe that.
Service was great, steaks were good quality as expected for this being Del Frisco and at the price - but the steaks were so over seasoned to be almost inedible about half way through. We scraped it off as well as we could but decided not to send it back and ruin a lovely evening out. We wouldn't go back - or to another Del Frisco for that matter. We will stick with the gold standard: Peter Lugar in NYC.
Not impressed. . . Ruth's Chris is not the end all of steak houses, but I think it serves as a good benchmark and this place fell below the mark. We had a party of 20 in a private room. . . 1. Place smelled like a musty cooter. . 2. Asked for a bruised, dirty martini - got a martini. No bruising, no dirty. . 3. Found out that the staff was bringing out expensive extras like truffle butter, even though no one had asked for them. . . For this price tag, I want my steak and drink to be perfect. This place got it 1/2 right.
Without a doubt, the food here is exceptional - just read what everyone else has to say about this place.  However, at this price point, if your experience isn't flawless it's just not worth it. Here's the experience I had:. . I recommended this place to a buddy of mine for his first wedding anniversary.  I personally called and made the reservation and let them know and he and his wife would be celebrating.  I did make a special request,  I asked if there was any way I could get them a round of drinks and a dessert on me.  The person who took the call said they could accommodate this request, asked me for my e-mail address and assured me everything would be taken care of.  I never heard back from them - my buddy never got his round and his dessert.. . I realize that they probably don't get requests like this often, but if it wasn't possible/feasible please let me know.  Don't promise me that you can accommodate when you can't or don't have any intention in doing so.
