Gaudy old school Vegas. This is the place you want to go if you feel the need to be in the company of fanny pack wearing mid-westerners, and camera toting Japanese tourists. It's not my style and the marble statues everywhere do nothing for me.. . The snack I had there was far from spectacular and way overpriced. I wont return for the food or hotel accommodations. I don't know much about the casino, I had lost all of my money by the time I visited here.
For a place like this in vegas they should really check there pinying on happy chinese new year.
Walked in after a 5 hour flight went to check in and they tell us the room isn't available so they had to downgrade us from a delux suite to a classic room for the night (I've stayed in motor lodges with classier rooms than this patetic excuse for a room) we finally get to the room and we find out its $15 for wifi. Went to the bar for drinks 2 margiritas = $30 barely any tequila and all sour mix. The mini bar will bankrupt you. They also gave us a $50 credit because of the room mixup but apparently that $50 can't be used since every time we tried to use it we had to scream at the rude inconsiderate staff. I will not stay there again.
This was my first time in Vegas and the bf made sure I learned the importance of having a hotel on "the strip.". . From the outside looking in it's a beautiful place. I find their casino floor doesn't have such an overwhelming cigarette smell.  Their customer service was amazing. Valet was always on point all the time. . . My disappointment stems from the room. The bathroom was beautiful until i realized there was no bathroom door for the toilet. I notice that was the complaint of others as well. . . The room was large, a queen bed with one couch in the room and a large reading chair. But what irked me the most was that the TV was not a flat screen but instead a big bulky thing that had horrible blurry reception. You would think Caesars would have enough money to update and renovate all their rooms with flat screens by now.. . I will not be staying here again since there are plenty of other hotels i still have yet to experience in Vegas my next time around, but i did appreciate very much the location of Caesars.
Staying here for the week for a convention, and I am not at all impressed with the room.. . The toilet requires you to hold the handle down the entire duration of the flush, otherwise it won't do it's job. Room is 2316 Incase management sees this. I will be checking out tomorrow so please come fix it for the next guest.. . The other amenities in the room are lacking as well. No refrigerator, no microwave. Roughly. 30" LCD tv, which by today's standards is a bit small for the room.. . I do not plan to stay here during future personal visits.
Poor value for the price.  Pillows were not comfortable, tv was 20 years old, toilet would run until you jiggled the handle, the shower leaked all over the bathroom floor every time we took a shower, the faucet in the shower didn't work properly, the thermostat was very old and temperamental, there were holes in the walls in the bedroom and bathroom as well as the front door, and the carpet was filthy.  We found out later that the floors on our tower are scheduled to be remodeled but the standard of our room was unacceptable for the price we paid.
I am staying at CP now for a convention. I have stayed in lots of "luxury" hotels -- Hyatt, Hilton, Omni... this is just typical Vegas. Noise, people, food way, way overpriced. I had room service when I arrived as I always do, and I always order a cheese plate. This was one of the most expensive and the worst. Someone just pulled it out of the refrigerator and threw it on the tray.The brie was cold, the nuts were old, for $40. Wow. That little in-room coffee pot which will brew you a free morning coffee in any other hotel? $12!!!! I can always get a latte for $7! I very much feel like a captive audience. . . On the plus side, the staff are very nice. Even when I called to complain that the room hadn't really been cleaned, that there were implements from the previous guest, including a wet towel in the sink. They were nice about that.
Every year, a little shine rubs off of Caesars for me...
Very nice atmosphere if you like walking around looking at casino and shops.. . However, this place is way overpriced, with $10 cocktails.
Roman Tower is a dinosaur and criminally overpriced. Thankfully, we stayed with a discounted conference rate, but even that was almost not worth what we received. . . I saw a Palace Tower deluxe room with the jacuzzi that a friend was upgraded to, and it looked very nice. However, our Roman Tower room was outdated and very, very blah. The room had an old CRT television that had interference at times. The carpet had stains that were unsightly, but not necessarily unsanitary.  The "closet" was an open rack in the bathroom behind the door, which was terribly inconveniently placed for two people trying to get ready. The cables for the internet and TV were just  laying in a pile next to the entertainment center.. . The view of the pool was the best part. of the room, but that wasn't enough to make me feel like I was getting value.. . Ironically, when I went to visit the Palace Tower room, I saw a sign that said something like "pardon us while we remodel".  Well, I didn't see any dust or inconvenience.  Perhaps a similar sign should be placed in the Roman Tower: "Pardon us while we remodel everything except this ancient wing of the hotel.". . Also, one of the elevators in the Roman Tower was malfunctioning for 36 hours before it was addressed. People were getting stuck in it and it would be the only elevator called to a floor, but then you couldn't go anywhere.  Frustrating.. . I understand the Roman Tower is the lowest tier room, but I know you can get better quality for a better price at many other premier strip hotels.. . The pool was nice with comfy chaises and a good pool temp. But the music blaring from the Venus pool was mixing with the regular pool music and making for some bad mashups. Not well thought out.. . During checkout, the line was HUGE at 11 am (checkout deadline). Understandable, but after the line got out of hand and we were all not moving for about 15 minutes, nearly a half dozen staff came out to man more spots on the desk. If these people were here, how were you not prepared for the 11 am checkout barrage.  Dumb!. . As for the casino, I think it's solid, but quickly being overshadowed by newer properties. I used to be a big fan of this sports book, but after seeing some of the newer ones around town, I think I'd go elsewhere.. . Proximity to good restaurants is a plus. Mesa Grill was awesome, but I'm not planning to return to Rao's.
Yelp Says that Two Starts = Meh. I've experiencedbetter.. . Here is how Ceasars Palace got two stars from me:. * STAR 1 - Saw it in almost 24 yo movie called "Rainman". * STAR 2 - Saw it in Hangover. . It would have gotten 3 more starts if:. * STAR 3 - Coffee and pastries in downstairs coffee shop were each $3 less and tasted better than hot bitter liquid and old newspapery food. * STAR 4 - They cut their prices in half and doubled the quality of their rooms. * STAR 5 - I had no other options. . When I was a kid, this place was amazing...but even back then, I would have taken a Motel 6 and a happy meal toy over staying at Ceasars Palace.
Hail, Caesar . . . here cometh before you, oh mighty Caesar, a couple from the West to attend a DUI conference as they have in years past . . . . . Why do I stay at Caesars?  Yeah, 'cuz the conference is there.  Although I would prefer to stay at Vdara, the Aria, the Cosmopolitan, even the Wynn or -- sigh -- the magnificent Mandarin Oriental, Lynn and I frequently stay in the Palace Tower at Caesars because you can roll out of bed, roll downstairs, and into a seminar . . . it IS convenient.. . On the other hand, the former Emperor of the Strip is smokey, loud, and showing its age.  In the rooms, this (or that) doesn't work, this is damaged or "dinged," and the bed is about as comfy as the one found in a Motel 6.  . . You have a choice:  pay $12 for the K-kups of coffee in the room (with powdered fake cream), or go down to the lobby and get a latte and croissant at Francois Payard's place.  So, it's down to the lobby in the elevators -- walk the (seeming) half-mile to Payard's, wait in line, and then back the way I came so Lynn can have some coffee wile getting dressed.  . . It's convenient:  you can get off the elevators in their convention center -- that way you only have to (seemingly) walk halfway back to California to get to the ballroom where the conference is being held -- instead of down to the lobby, walk the half-mile to Payard's, across to the escalators and back up to the conference floor and the trek to Barstow . . . . . . And of course, since the restaurants at Caesars are not my first choice, you have to go down the elevators, walk the half-mile to Payards, then the extra mile through the smokey casino and noisy slots to the front door, stand in the l-o-n-g taxi line with people carrying those three-foot high plastic containers filled with once frozen margaritas, and hope the line moves quickly enough that you aren't late for dinner . . . .. . OK, the spa is nice.  And there's now a Christian Laboutin store in the Forum Shops.  . . But the wi-fi and cell reception in the conference center is dicey at best, which makes it difficult (to say the least) to work/stay in touch with the office while you're at the conference -- and that's kind up important for a Criminal Defense Attorney, don't you think?. . Bad news:  next year's conference is also at Caesars, and -- against my will and better judgement -- we'll probably be back . . . . . Hail, Caesar . . .
If you are looking for a nice room I would not recommend the Roman Tower, the room was outdated and needs update ASAP.  Of all the hotels I stayed during my trip in Vegas only Caesars Palace still uses tube TV.
I came to Vegas for a conference, and I did not stay here. I have been to Vegas several times, and I have never stayed here. Although the food and shopping are great, it just seems as though this is the first of the "big" hotels that is starting to go down hill. With all of the newer hotels around, it seems as though it is time for this big boy to get a major overhaul. At the time, I am sure that it was the best of the best, but over the last 20+ years, this place has really taken a beating. When compared to the Venetian, Bellagio, Wynn and others, this place is struggling to keep up.. . Several of the tables where we were gambling were also filled with very grumpy dealers. I can understand that higher buy in tables having a more experienced person with expectation of players knowing what they are doing. However when you are with a bunch of non gamblers, you go to the low buy in tables and expect a little bit of latitude in your play. I have even been impressed at other casino's that they are even willing to help you learn the games, thereby staying there longer to lose your money. Not here, and will probably be a long time before I lose my money here.
Snafus at check in, indifferent staff, way too many "bros" living out their Jersey Shore or Hangover fantasies. Mediocre room with no coffeemaker, overcrowded pool, overpriced restaurants. Ended up spending most of my time at Bill's where the slots were looser and the crowd wasn't so full of themselves!
Here's what you need to know:  Give the valet ONLY your car key.. . Valet is actually quite prompt and they are super friendly.  . But I have to minus almost all their points for losing a key ring attacked to my car keys with all (two) of my other keys.  Maybe it's my own rookie mistake, but 10 other casinos on the strip didn't seem to have a similar problem.. . As for the rooms, pretty decent size.  I was in the roman tower, 12th floor, decent view of the pool.  Too bad it's winter.. . They get a star back for their craps tables, only cause I won some small change here.. . I'll have to write up the restaurant reviews separately... but (Bobby Flay's) Mesa Grill - Big thumbs up.   . . Hyakumi (Japanese restaurant) - skip it.
I don't know what it is but when it comes to Vegas, I become a lot more critical on the service and appearance of things. Maybe it's because the way the city is so centered on delivering the best and the inflation of costs to cover that. So when it came to Caesar's, I needed to know what it was all about. . . Whenever I come to Vegas, I usually stay at the newer, more modern hotels but this trip, I wanted to see why Caesar's remain to be one of the oldest casino's but yet can afford to expand every year and also hold one of the best shopping and eating areas in Vegas. . . When I checked in on Saturday, I had a the Forum Tower Deluxe room booked. But as I was checking in, the front desk asked if I wanted to upgrade my room to a Palace Petite Suite for just 60$. He explained that it double the size of the Deluxe room + more modern. I immediately took the deal and made my way to my room and man o man, was I disappointed. The rooms are in SERIOUS need of a renovation. Based on other yelpers, apparently only some of the towers are renovated to have the modern feel but my room was clearly not one of them. The walls had the old wallpapers from I don't know, the 90's? And also, the TV was really old and small (I mean TV's being so affordable these days, they can't upgrade that?). Anyways, I overlooked the aesthetic flaws of the room and went to go take a shower. WTF? The shower doesn't have hot water. Like really? NO HOT WATER IN VEGAS?! So I called the front desk and complain about the issue of the hot water on top of that, I wanted to actually downgrade my room back to a Forum Deluxe. They tell me that all the rooms have been booked and that I can't change my room unless it was upgraded to a more expensive suite and that they would send over a technician to check out the problem. At this point, I was already disgruntled by the service here and waited impatiently for the technician. Fortunately, he came immediately and tells me that this issue is an actual issue that requires them to open up the shower and change the hot water cartridge. I call back the front desk and the supervisor advises me that I would need to go back down to the front desk and speak personally with the supervisor about this issue. . . At this point, I was already furious and marched my way down to the front desk and I tell them my issue (I was rude and I had a reason to). They gave me a $50 food and beverage credit for this mistake and they move me to a similar room one floor above (I thought they had no more rooms left?). . . Honestly, Caesar's Palace might not have resort fees but they also don't have a refrigerators in their room (yeah, if you want one, you need to rent one for $$$) and their rooms are OLD. I realize that this hotel is one of the oldest ones but honestly, it's just a tourist trap. If it wasn't for their somewhat good service and providing compensation for their faulty rooms, they would've received a 1 star. . . I rather pay less and get a better room at the Cosmo and a lot better service.
I've stayed at Caesar's multiple times, usually when visiting for March Madness, Bachelor's Party, or other guys weekend.  The rooms have normally been fair-to-good and the convenience to the restaurants, sports book, and casino cannot be beat.  However, I recently visited for business and actually wanted a nice, quiet room where I could work and sleep and I would NOT return to Caesar's for that purpose.  Paid up for Octavius Tower (newest bldg), my room was next to the freeway with semi-trailer noise, the room wasn't very clean, there was noise coming through the vents (no joke), the pillow top beds are mediocre... Overall it was overpriced by 80% compared to other hotels. . . So if you're in Vegas to party and gamble with the guys, get a room in the old towers, you probably won't be worried about sleep anyhow.  If you're here on business or with your wife, seek a different property.
Octavius Tower is a bust. . . So they finally opened up their fancy new tower after a 4 year hiatus.  I'm thinking they should have kept it closed.  It's new but that's about all there is to it. Looks like they defaulted to cheap fixtures and trimmings.  and the white light that is pervasive in the elevators all the way to the room bathrooms is just a bad design choice.. walls are paper thin, the slightest sound in the hallways projects and amplifies into the room.  sounds from the adjoining rooms are also crystal clear. . . I'm going to stop here. try it to believe it.
Every time I come here, I always have to fight the urge to ask them if the real Caeser lived here. Every, freaken, time.. . Ok, so down to the review. I don't like this place. I just don't think the gambling floor is comfortable and conducive in its layout. For the size of the hotel, the buffet is kind of weak. The selection is limited and the food is forgettable. The vibe of this hotel is also teetering to "old", due to natural causes of aging but its more apparent when you compare this hotel to the other new kids on the block, i.e. Cosmo, Aria, Wynn, Venetian. It's still steps up from Bally's-esq type hotels, but Caeser's is no longer synonymous with upscale.. . The rooms... If you're unlucky, you'll get the Octavious Tower (I believe) and have to walk a mile to arrive at the elevators to your room. Also, if you book a regular room, you'll run the risk of staying in a room that is on par with the room at the Motel 6. . . The nice thing about Caesers is that its part of the Harrah's properties, so if you record your play, you can get rewards at the other casinos like Planet Hollywood, Ballys, Flamingo, Rio, etc.. . Perhaps the best thing about staying at Caesers are the Forum Shops. The ever-evolving forum shops are still cool to stroll through and pick up a few things.
I don't really go for nice hotels (as long as there's a bed & a shower I'm happy), but my papi decided he would take me here for a night for the experience. He chose this because this hotel is... Caesar's Palace! Caesar lived here! Of course we'd love to experience this, too.. . Checking in took forever. We were unaware that you can check in thru text 24 hrs prior to your check in day, so we didn't do that. It took 45 mins before we can have our room keys and the bellhop to take our bags to the room. And so we enter the room... . . It was nice! I loved it! There's a bed, a purple couch... Ooops. The couch has a stain. We check out the bathroom. A tv in the mirror too! Just like the Flamingo! And the spa tub? None. The view? The strip... If not for the Colosseum blocking it. The comforter looked dusty-white, and the hidden part of it under the pillows were white-white. I wonder when they last washed these linen! Papi got confused. Our room should come with a spa tub and all the works. So he called guest services. . . They said we can either stay in this room and we will be given a $50 credit towards food and beverage, or move to our new room. We asked if we can get a credit towards gaming instead. No, they can't do that. So we decide to move to another room instead because we have the Buffet of Buffets and we don't need their f'n food credit, our faces are already stuffed. And we have to use it within our visit. . . 48 years later, our bellhop has not arrived yet. We came in at this hotel at 1pm, and it is now 3pm.. . So... We FINALLY went to our new room. I know this hotel have different towers but this ours was just a freaking far walk! But, when I got in the new room, voila!!! It's twice the size of the other room! The bathroom is the size of our apartment living room. You can actually put a couch in there and a love seat and there will still be room for our flat screen... and the spa tub! No stains on the couches this time... And our view was the pool... or should I say pools. Pools of glory. Super fancy!. . But.. I would not have stayed here if not for the deal my husband found. I would come back to say hi to Caesar and maybe to try the Qua Spa (good reviews), but not to book a room. . . Unless somebody else pays for it.
Caesar is tired and so is his palace.  Service is weak, problems don't get dealt with. Everything is overpriced beyond acceptability, I know it's a "resort" in a touristy town, but sorry, $14 for a pint of beer is stupid.  I guess I was stupid not to ask.  Not a fan, bordering on 1 star.
VERY beautiful hotel. Inside-Outside. BUT! The workers are mean. I stayed there once for a bachelor party. They fully shut down the water at 3am, right at that time we came back to our rooms, NO WATER??? R U SERIOUS??? We called them and they told us to take a drinking water from the refrigerator. Really? I need to take a shower! I want to take a shower whenever I need. I'm paying for the room and they just offered couple bottles of drinking water as an compensation. Very funny
I have never had worse service in a hotel than this past weekend at Caesar's- we found the guest's before us underwear in our room, it took 6 hours for them to bring us an extra blanket and 24 for the extra pillows- our wake-up call never came- this is supposed to be a world class hotel- I don't think so- and when i told the staff about these instances- they just couldn't be bothered and the manager shrugged and said it's a holiday weekend- we don't have the staff- then hire more people- hello
Nice, fancy place compared to the Harrahs, but I wish I could go back to the Harrah's Hotel! We decided to treat ourselves to a "nicer" hotel for our last couple nights in Vegas. But for the price, it's not worth it. I had to call engineering twice to fix the t.v. (fuzzy picture) and the sink (clogged ). Then the sink clogged up again . No one that works here gives information freely , you must ask for details,otherwise no one will tell you what you really need to know. We also had a terrible experience w/a casino attendant while asking help with the slot machine -    (Christy) she was very rude and nasty. There are plenty of choice hotels here, don't choose this one. The Celine concert was excellent, however!
One of my 'Must Do's for Vegas was the buffet. A cab driver suggested the one at Caesars as many of the others have "gone downhill." Words cannot explain my disappointment. The buffet is extremely small and lacking selection. As a matter of fact, one of the local casinos in my home town is about 3 times larger and 100% better for the same price. For the buffet to be that of such a grand hotel and in a grand location, I was dumb-founded at it's mediocrity.
Is this the real Caesar's Palace, like the one that Caesar stayed in? Methinks not!. . I was not impressed at all with the casino here. From the outside Caesar's Palace is absolutely beautiful, the arena, the tall pillars, statues and the clean ancient roman structure look. I think there is more hype about the resort than there is excitement. . . The girls dancing near the black jack table looked bored and lacked enthusiasm. There was definitely quite a bit going here at night with the line for club Pure and all of the casino traffic. Walking through the back area you can head to the gardens and the pool area which is huge and really nice. I will say it is better on the outside than on he inside.
Meh...  I've stayed at better hotels. This was my first time staying here and i really wanted to like it.  I go to Vegas pretty often and have stayed at almost every hotel.  . Pros: . Pool. Nice big jet tub in rooms. Ya that's it for the pros. . Cons:. Extremely tight machines.   I went with a group and we felt fortunate to get $30 wins.  Seriously nobody was winning anything.. . They need more cocktail waitresses.   At one point I played for 2 hours without being offered a beverage.  I called an attendant to find one and he couldn't and told me about his frustrations with their crappy service, and how the waitresses are never around.  We finally went to the bar and paid for one.. . The room decor was average.  Bathrooms were really nice though. . didn't really like the food choices. . I really expected better.
Definitely one of my least favorite casinos to be honest. I am not sure if it is because of all the hype that surrounds Cesars palace, or because it just wasn't as fun as all the others such as treasure Island, and the mirage.  Sure there were a few lifeless table dancers, but they werent impressing anybody.. . We walked through and discovered the Temple Pool with a few people near it, definitely was not impressed with it either since it was far overrated.. . The statues were nice at least.
Buffet Review:. . I got the 24-hour buffet card at my stay during Vegas.. . If you are looking for long lines, little selection, and bad service - this is the place to go!. . Come early for lunch and line up. I was a bit anxious to get in and try the food since there were so many people in line. Oh, was I wrong.. . Highlight:. - Lox (raw, cured smoked salmon). . Un-Highlight:. - Service (took forever to be seated when there are so many seats open). - The food looks horrendous 1-hour into the buffet. People are savages, and Cesar's Palace reminds you of this.. - Stomach-ache (probably from the Lox). - No good seafood!. . Overall, I won't be returning here again unless the place gets demolished and rebuilt. Maybe, I'll think about it then.
I came back a week later to Caesar's with a different friend and it was not great this time.  I had upgraded to a renovated room when I booked, but the check-in clerk insisted that the room he was putting us in was an upgrade.  This was not true.  It was an old room, and our view overlooked the roofs of the forum shops.  In addition, the toilet handle had to be held down for five seconds to flush and the deadbolt on the entry door didn't lock.   I had booked through Expedia instead of directly, and to be honest, it always seems that hotels seem to put clients who booked through a discount site in the worst rooms.  My friend also has experienced this situation.  In actuality, how you book shouldn't matter.  As long as I am staying there, I am a guest of theirs and they should want me to be completely satisfied with the amenities and the customer service.  That would be my only reason for returning or not.
Stayed in the suite in the old power. . Old equipment, old torn carpets. rooms were spacious but would not stay in CP again.
This review is based strictly on the room and nothing more.  I give two stars because my room was showing it's age and was pretty shabby.  i thought casinos like Caesars would keep their rooms always in good (if not great) shape but this wasn't the case.  And to top things off I ended up getting one of the rooms without a door separating the bedroom and the bathroom.  You could have easily walked in on someone using the bathroom...is this how they do it in Rome? ;-)   I wished I would have stayed at Paris across the street.  I would have even saved a few dollars.
Just because you pay more at Caesars Palace, do  not expect better accommodations or a more upscale crowd.  The rooms are mediocre, but clean.  The pool area is like an episode of  "Jersey Shore." Next time, I'll stay somewhere else.
we got a room in the octavius tower.  it smelled of the drain in the shower.  we suffered through the first night because we arrived at 2 a.m.  and were too tired to complain and wait for another room.  the 2nd morning we called front desk to request for another room but we did not get one until almost 5 p.m.!  the 2nd room smelled better. but both rooms' showers were very weak.
I recently attended a conference at Caesars Palace, and our company held a cocktail reception in one of their Presidential Suites, and found the suite more than lacking!   Not only did we have to wait until 4pm to check in, but when we finally got into the suite, the real issues began.. . It was dirty (carpet had really filthy areas, the door jam outside looked like someone had spilled beer on it, and several yellow upholstered chairs were so dirty I had to move them out and hide them in a closet); the furniture was chipped, tablecloths had holes in them   When I requested housekeeping to help clean up some of the filth on the door and in the service area, they showed up 2 hours later.  By that time I had already cleaned the grime away.  (Note that all of the staff that came by to help were very nice and really tried to fix the issues -- such as get the air conditioner to work, and get the front double door to closes!) . . It also came with no standard-stocked items.  When I requested a coffee pot to replace the K-cup maker, they told me I had to "rent" one for $40; to get a corkscrew required calling room service and paying for them to deliver one, etc, etc. etc.  . . The final ding was that for over $800/night, our not-so-lovely view was of the back of the Caesar's sign.  . . If you are looking for a high-quality suite, don't come to Caesars!
Gargantuan and Inconsistent!. . In a city where everything is larger than life, Caesar's Palace is probably the king. This is something to think about when booking - because getting from point A to point B in this palace-place is going to eat up your time.. . In terms of the standard services - guest check-in/out, bell staff, housekeeping, spa, taxi line, doormen, you'll be dealing with some very nice people and experience attentive service - and for this excellence - the star rating of this hotel is warranted. But remember - this is a massive hotel - that often appears understaffed - so sometimes your wait for this excellent service is going to be a bit longer than you'd expect.. And - while the general staff was wonderful - a small brush with management over a water shut down (for seven hours - with no planned adjustment to the bill) - showed management to be unpleasant, aloof, and disconnected from the guest experience. No stars for management.. . The rooms themselves are great, if you're staying in the recently renovated Forum Tower. There, Caesar's Palace appears a five-star hotel. However, if you're in the Roman Tower expect the average-quality of a three-star hotel that has seen better days.. . The best thing about this hotel was the Spa - which - while quite expensive - was worth the price and experience.. . In other - wifi will run you about 15 bucks a day for service - but only in your room. If you want to access the hotel wifi from other areas of the property, you're looking at an additional fee.. . Overall - while the stay was okay - the size of the hotel got to be cumbersome - and the inconsistency of value an annoyance.
I don't know...I just don't like this place. It's wayyyyy too big, so it takes forever to get from point A to point B
I was here for a conference and even with the upgrade the experience was subpar.  I think the bathroom was the best part of the whole room. The jacuzzi did rock.  But I swear the minute you do anything in your room, you will pay for it.  Want to listen to music, you pay.  Want to watch a channel?  You will most likely pay.  On business and need internet? You pay $14.99 for 24 hours on ONE device.  So if you have an IPad and a laptop you have to pay per device. I paid how much for this room and I have to pay for internet separately? Only in Las Vegas. . . You want coffee in the morning?  You will pay about $40 for a small carafe.  You want to work out and not feel like a slob the entire time on a business trip? You pay $25 per visit to the gym. . . Also the minute I checked in their front desk told me my conference was in their building.  They even told me where to go.  So I got up and took my time thinking it was in Caesars.  But when I couldn't find it, I had people that kept directly me very confidently all over their stupid conference area.  Whenever I hit a dead end I called the front desk and begged for help (most told me they didn't have an updated conference sheet list...how does that help anyone?).  Seriously they must all be idiots.  If I heard "it's in the Neopolitan room" one more time I was going to scream.  I was an hour and a half late for my conference because everyone working there truly believed it to be there.  It was at the LV Convention Center, which was 10 minutes away.  I had about 8 different people at Caesars tell me the wrong thing.  Luckily, I called a coworker who has more brain cells and could get me there. Also, the shuttle pickup to get there was in some creepy backlot alley of the hotel (where you would most likely dump a body). . . Heard the Bellagio is much better!
We have stayed at the Wynn many times; thought we would try Caesars as our friends were from France and they ( and us) liked the casino and thought we would donate our $$$ there....Reserved three rooms from Nov 19-21 in the Octavius tower. Supposed to be their higher end rooms. Rooms were tired even though we were told they were recently remodeled. . Have to say the service overall was marginal; service from Faoud at the front desk was horrible. Gave my wife a real attitude when she was asking about a discrepancy on the bill. We ended up moving to another front desk clerk, Alyssa who helped out. She was great....... We also had very poor service at the bar near the Forum shop entrance... the six of us waited for 10 minutes to order. The bartender did not make eye contact...more worried about cleaning the bar and a few glasses than helping us. We ended up walking away. Not real busy either. Then at 24 hr restaurant near the front desk,the waiter was a deer in the headlights. Slow service and multiple requests for silverware, coffee etc.Again not a very busy restaurant .. Bottom line don't expect great or even good service. We will go back to the Wynn or the Cosmo...seems like there is an issue with hotel management.
Expensive room (Octavius Tower),  Filthy Bathroom, Broken wireless, Overpriced and medicore restaurants. ==================================. I go to vegas 4 times a year and stay at Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn or MGM. This was the first time i was at Caeser's Palace. . . The in-room wireless for which you pay $15/day doesn't work. You are left without the internet. . . The jacuzzi, that they claimed was best thing, was FILTHY! I could see ugly green/brown stains all over with hair and what looked like fecal matter. YUCK! . . When I complained, the staff insisted that I should give them notice. How much notice do you need for a clean room for one of your most expensive towers? . . I am sure this was a great hotel 20 years ago when it was first built. Now it is showing its age and attitude of staff says that they are not getting paid enough to be there.
Had I paid $69.00 to stay at a chain motel I might have been happy. . . Room was big but sparsely furnished - the old tube tv couldn't be seen from the bed thanks to the vast cavern of nothingness in between.  . . Bathroom sucked.  Cracked tiles.  Old tub.  Dingy feel.  Plus I can't remember the last time i stayed somewhere that didn't have a small fridge or coffee maker.  . . It *might* have been okay if I hadn't seen my friend's room in one of the new towers (who paid the same as I did) but I saw and after that my room just felt cheap and ugly...like so many of the people that I encountered on the strip.
I didn't like our room. We stayed in the "newer" area but the furniture and interior were just... dull... nothing resembling Caesars. It felt like I was staying at a Best Western. . . The buffet here was good though... that's about it.
Out of dozens of trips to Las Vegas, this hotel has the worst service!. . I must first start out by writing I only chose to stay at Caesars because I was offered a complimentary stay and a $300 dining credit. When I arrived, I received a call in my room telling my which restaurants I could choose (so I was aware that the hotel knew the restaurant choices). The following night I visited the concierge so I could hear the list again since I didn't have a pen when the call was received the night prior. A restaurant was recommended to me as was instructions on how to claim the dining credit (since it was my first time using a credit). Unfortunately, the concierge was incorrect and that restaurant wasn't covered by the voucher. More unfortunate was the price of the bill. I had to pay $380 for a dinner at a restaurant that I didn't want to eat at, but was presumed to be free (for the first $300 anyway).. . I understand the concierge made a mistake with the restaurant, but the hotel front desk and the concierge would not honor the mistake or even credit me for a future voucher. I'm confused that as a marketing tool, Caesars offered me a dining credit to entice me to stay at their hotel in the future but would rather lose thousands in opportunity costs for retaining me as a future loyal customer than honor a $300 mistake. Bottom line: I trusted their concierge, was extremely let down, and will never stay at Caesars again. There are plenty of great hotels in Las Vegas that understand the importance of loyal service and how it is cheaper for a hotel to retain customers than find new ones, and I'll be loyal to the first hotel that can demonstrate that they value my business. P.S. I spend thousands on gambling and entertainment every time I visit. It's not about the $300, it's about the service.. . Pretty hotel though..
While the shopping area and some of the restaurants are quite excellent, the rooms are not up to the standard of a $500.00 a night room.  Much has been done to maximize profit for the hotel. The staff work short hours and there are insufficient staff to assist, which results in long lines everywhere.  Want to make your own coffee in your room, it goes on the bill at premium rates. Nothing included.. . Also, skip Old Homestead Steakhouse at this hotel, it is not the same quality as the one in NYC.
It's pet friendly ..yes that's true..but only rich dogs are allowed to stay here.... . Guess I should have checked that out more first, oh well, I told the clients I was taking them here so it is what it is..got them a regular room, while my chihuahuas and I stayed in fab suite.. . The good.... Remodeled. Check in was quick. Room was nice. Bed comfy. . The bad.... All the commie fees on my room service. The commie fee they hide as a resort fee. The commie ATM fee for my Australian clients $27...omg. The service has gone way way way way down...... . I avoided the pool because I am not into blaring DJ's banging hip hop and techno while I try to lay out and read a book...I expected more from Caesars...yes I can see Hardrock...the Palms etc going that route but really..this is Caesars..most of their customers are over 35.....anyway hate to be a party pooper but I'm not into teeth rattling bass at the pool, and I'm nocturnal....I party till 7 a.m.....I want my daytime quiet....so I ordered room service.... . This is what I ordered. Eggs Benedict. Berries with cream. A side sausage for the chihuahuas. Diet coke..... . The food was super fast and excellent....perfect..loved it....what I don't like is all the bs fees they add to everything....my food was about $50....but my bill was $98..by the time the guy left. . . Do they think we don't notice all these bs fees??? What the hell is a resort fee....am I paying for the pool DJ? Is it for wifi? Can I point out that their wifi per month is only $20!!!! How do they justify all these commie fees.....aren't they supposed to be considered amenities.???? Isn't that why I am staying at. Nice resort??? Sh-t I could have stayed at Motel 6 with no wifi..pool..or pet fees...what the hell has happened to our world when I can get better service at a crap motel than I can at Caesars????. . I think I preferred Vegas when the mob ran the place and it still had class.....now it's ran by a bunch of useless Commies!!!!!
Old ass rooms! They are soo cheap here that they turn off the ac every time they clean the room in hot Las Vegas. Our room has a view of plumbing and a wall. Look at pics I posted
Spent 4 nights there for a convention, the exterior, the casino the lobby, absolutely beautiful.  The concierge and the staff are a dream- completely dedicated to your experience.  However when you get to the room in the palace tower its a little downhill.  First thing is unmopped floors and sinks that have not been wiped down for some time.  Open the cabinet door to the mini bar- it comes off in your hand.  On the second day there, a large piece of wood that was covering the pipes on the sink fell off and got my foot (ouch) I quick phone call to the desk promised a speedy repair but we saw no such thing - left 3 days later having had to step around a large board in the bathroom.  Down the hall to purchase a water from the vending machine rewarded me with a machine that took my money and rewarded me with gushing ice cold  water from the bottom of the machine and over my feet.  That didnt ever get mopped up either.  So, in the future I will mostly likely visit the good parts of Caeser and stay clear of the housekeeping nightmares by staying elswhere.  Its a real shame - if housekeeping could rise to that standard the rest of the staff had I would stay there every time.......
Outdated rooms. An old crowd and no Jacuzzi
Soooo disapointing! Sooooo overpriced for what you get... And as already mentioned by many other yelpers, the resort fee is a nonsense... The front desk is a long wait, the frontdesk lady is not accomodating, nobody proposed to take care of our luggage, the room in the forum tower was just renovated but small and way way overpriced compared to other hotels like the wynn, venetian, aria! We had a problem of trace of blood on the toilet door, and the 2 managers we talked to were unpleasant and inefficient.. We don't recommend this hotel. Better options are available for the same price range. The only positive point is of course the location... That is the reason for the 2 stars rating...
I'd really give it 1.5 stars but will settle for 2.. . It's simple - overpriced rooms, food, drinks - ridiculous $28/day resort fee - crummy wifi (for the $28 fee no less) - full resort wifi is another like $25/day - the Roman Tower rooms are like the Motel 6 down the street - front desk service slow, slow, slow - the service for room issues was dismal.. . Go elsewhere.
We booked a room that allowed dogs. A $200.00 refundable deposit was charged at check-in. It was very apparent that our room was not cleaned well if at all. The bathroom floors were filthy. The carpet had debris on it that would indicate it was not vacuumed and the sliding glass doors were dirty.. As far as the $200.00refundable deposit goes....It was refunded to us but it was very obvious that they never fixed any of the damage to the room. The chairs & Sofa were stained and the doors had scratch marks on them.. Very Disappointed!!!!
I was here on business over the weekend and just had a mediocre experience. The block rate we got for the business was between $132 and $152 a night. . . + Attached to the Forum Shops. + Registration staff was friendly. + Bell man Federico helped us out a LOT. + Cool fountains and decor. + Comfy beds. + Free Parking (as most hotels in Vegas have). . - Our first room smelled moldy/rank. - Got moved, but to a smaller room. - Reception/Front Desk takes a WHILE to pick up. - Housekeeping forgot to clean our room one day. - There was calcium buildup on one of the sinks. - Found out they only vacuum their floors (wear slippers because they're never formally cleaned!). - There was a CD player in our room, but no ipod hookup (I know this is minor, but who brings CDs with them to a hotel in Vegas?!). - Bell hop services charge $20 for a full cart, or $5 per box/piece for the convention center (a little steep for someone who is staying there). . Overall, I think this place needs a massive facelift considering all of their new competition around them. Not sure if I'd pay that much to stay here.
Because Caesar's is one of the older hotels on the strip, your experience is really going to vary based on which tower you are put in. . . The first time I stayed here, I stayed in the Augustus Tower - amazing view, huge soaking tub, flat screen TV in the bathroom, and generally a lovely room that was pristine. However, my last visit to Vegas this past weekend has changed my opinion of Caesar's. What I thought was an upscale luxury casino and hotel quickly became a disappointing, lackluster hotel, with rooms that were comparable to a Motel6. . . I had 3 nights booked and once I checked in, I was thoroughly disappointed with the accommodations. The first night, I stayed in the Roman Tower. Clearly one of the oldest towers, if not THE oldest tower at the resort. I requested a high floor and a room close to the elevator. I was put in the room farthest from the elevator and on the fifth floor. I had the not-so-awesome view of the top of the vents of the casino. The ice machine on the fifth floor didn't work either.. . I called the front desk to explain that I wasn't exactly thrilled with the room. The first time I called, it seemed like I was disconnected randomly. I called again and was able to speak to someone after holding a couple of minutes. The front desk attendant said he heard that the lower floors were having issues with the ice machines and that he would send a bucket of ice to my room from room service free of charge. This didn't fix the problems of the moldy smelling hallways, torn curtains, and overall disgusting room. Because the hotel was booked for the night, they weren't able to move me to a different tower, but then I was told that I should try again the next day because there were going to be some openings.. . I ended up calling the front desk 5 different times - each time, the attendant told me something different. "I wasn't aware the ice machines weren't working." "There isn't any availability in other towers." "The only higher floors are smoking floors." "The whole tower is a non-smoking tower." "I can move you to a higher floor." "There's no availability on a higher floor." I even went to the Total Rewards counter to see if they would have more success because I was there as a VIP. The Total Rewards assistant really tried her best, but it seemed as if she was dealing with the same incompetent group of people on the phone - considering, she was placed on hold for a good 10 minutes. . . I eventually made my way to the front desk and spoke to someone - which was the best way to go. The attendant (I think her name was Tiffany) spoke to her manager and she was given the go-ahead to move me to another tower if there was availability. Amazingly, she was able to find a room in the Palace Tower and she efficiently made the changes to my reservation. The Palace Tower is MUCH nicer than the Roman Tower - not as shiny and new as the Augustus Tower, but still nice enough. The windows were on the dirty side and the furnishings were older - a couple of knobs were missing from the TV stand, etc. . . I probably wouldn't pick Caesars for an upcoming trip to Vegas again. If I do, I'll be sure to specifically request the Augustus tower because I'd rather never step foot into the Roman Tower again in its current state.
Lack luster and some things need to change or be upgraded. I can honestly say I was surprised and disappointed and I am sorry to say it because I thought I was going to be blown away by one of the most famous hotels on the strip. Ive stayed in other parts of Vegas and around the United States and I can honestly say Cesars would not be my first choice. The room I felt was super plain and nothing came with the room, most hotels provide something and other amenities.  I just felt are room had none of that off the bat. They didn't seem to share that privy information either, even concierge wasn't helpful for one thing passes into their Pure night club. Pure nightclub was nice I liked the layout but I'm talking of my experience and stay at Cesars. They make it appear as if they don't want you to enjoy the the things they offer snacks and such are obviously hiked. . . The neat things  and stuff on a more positive note, over shower head, the fact its connected to some shops and food places that are really good. Kuerig is in your hotel room to make hot water or coffee (hotel sells 4 kcups for 12.00, grocery stores charge 12.00 for a box of 18!). . . We had to change rooms due to a situation and the room was not cleaned well it was obviously rushed and half done. They need to give the cleaning crew a tad bit more time, this is to be a home away from home, you don't want to have to wonder if something was done correctly.. . 15.00 usd for wifi per each device and 25.00 per day for multi devices in your room only. Who does that?!  . 1.00 to 2.00 per minute for a LOCAL CALL IN VEGAS 702  NUMBER, really?! I have never in my life been charged for a local call in a city I'm visiting. Ive been to other hotels in Vegas and Ive not seen such a ludicrous thing. I used my cell the entire time unless I called a place in the hotel.. . No free tea or coffee, don't need anything fancy but it just seemed they were out to make you pay.. . I feel I wont be back to , any other past and great experiences at other Vegas hotels without feeling like I had to bend over and grab my ankles.
First time going to Vegas,  and I must say, I picked the WRONG HOTEL. I went for my 21st birthday this past weekend and I wish I had put more time in searching for better places to stay.. . Unpacking: I put my make up bag on the nightstand and it tipped over. My lipstick rolled and fell on the other side. When I bent down to look for it,  there was a birthday present waiting for me... A USED TAMPON!! OMG!! . I didn't make a big deal about it because it was my birthday,  and I wasn't gonna let a damn thing ruin my weekend,  however,  I did mention it at checkout and the receptionist was expressionless.  He didn't do a damn thing about it.. . 2nd: There is a $25/day service charge on top of the hotel cost for staying here.  WHAT SERVICE? My room wasn't even clean when I checked in. Coffee,  which is normally complementary at other hotels is $12. That's right. $12 for a cup of coffee you have to make yourself. . Thirsty? Stay Thirsty. A bottle of water is $7. My friends stayed at the same hotel and they drank the waters and later replaced them with ones they bought from 7/11. SMART!. . The pool area was nice,  but you can't sit on their couches after a certain hour because they rent them out.. . Again, I don't know what the service charge is for if there is absolutely NO SERVICE.. . The only reason I'm giving this hotel 2 stars is because they gave me about 25 free alcoholic beverages.  That's right. I just turned 21 so I still look underage.  So I went down to the casino and acted like I was gambling. Every 15 minutes or so, a waitress came and asked me if I wanted anything to drink JUST TO CHECK MY ID! PATHETIC. But I got a kick out of it. I got shitfaced without spending a dime. Thank you. I'll make sure to stay at a different hotel,  but come here for free drinks next time (:
As a kid I remember Caesars being grand, fancy and wonderful! I have always wanted to stay there and finally got the chance to do so last weekend for my 38th birthday. I am sad to report that the experience was no where near what I expected or where it should have been. When we arrived we were told the valet was full. I explained that we were staying at the hotel but the girl simply said sorry and walked away. My boyfriend asked another valet and he was kind enough to take our car after some whining and a few extra dollars in his hand. When we arrived at the desk to check-in we were utterly confused. No ropes, no signs, no lines, NO organization. There were 5 people behind the counter checking others in while a small group of ourselves and other guests stood there looking confused. I finally asked a gentlemen who was standing there in a suit, "Where do we check in?" He replied with, "Oh, you are checking in?" Uhhhh duh. He then tells us to make two lines for the 5 people- again, confusion. We stand there as several other people are helped that arrived after us. Finally, a woman waves us over. She begins helping us and then two girls walk up to her and she doesn't say anything but stops helping us and helps them. My boyfriend and I were extremely irritated. The woman behind the counter didn't apologize and had the nerved to tell us that she had to help them and that we walked over without her waving us up. She was EXTREMELY rude. The service we were provided was extremely poor and not what I expected for the price of the hotel. In addition, the pool was cracked, old and not clean. I was not impressed by Caesars at all and will not stay at this establishment again. There are other hotels that are nicer, better priced and provide the customer service I am looking for.
Venetion hotel is less confusing, more spacious, cheaper and better service
Needlessly complicated to navigate. I know most Casinos make it that way on purpose, but Caesar's seems to have added the needless extra step of making walk ways narrow and cramped, as well as making it hard to get off of property anyway but to get in the long line for taxis. I also noticed that a lot of things were broken. Lights burned out, broken slots, windows crash messages on information screens, and long lines at the Cage. The table games are mostly all down in one giant pit which makes it feel more circus than Roman. One noticeable aspect of Caesars' Entertainment properties is that they rotate where the money goes for their pet projects (namely the Quad at the moment, which while Imperial Palace *should* have been torn down a long time ago. Not sure if that one can be saved) and upkeep either suffers badly as a result, or remains sometimes inconsistent.
What I have experienced since I checked in 4 hours ago is worth reporting in order to warn others. I had requested a non-smoking room when I made the reservation and asked again for a non-smoking room when I checked in at the registration desk. I was handed the keys, walked to my room, opened the door, and knew immediately that there had been heavy smoking for quite some time in the room. It was rancid with smoke. . . I called immediately to ask to be moved to a non-smoking room and was told that I was IN a non-smoking room! When I insisted that this clearly was not the case. the front desk then stated that I was in a "smoking optional" room, meaning that when the hotel runs out of smoking rooms, they place smokers there. They don't admit that the hotel tries to tell guests that these are non-smoking rooms when they are not. Do they think that we are idiots? That we can't smell smoke? That insulting out intelligence is a good strategy? . . The front desk said that they would send up someone with keys to a new "smoking optional" room immediately in the hope that it would be at least less rancid. 1/2 hour later, no one had appeared, so I had to call a second time. This time, I was told that I would be moved to a true non-smoking room, but again, no one appeared for 1/2 hour, so I called a third time. Within 15 minutes, I was finally moved to a non-smoking room. . . The room was fine. The TV was not....it didn't work. By this time, since I had arrived at the hotel at 8pm and then had to wait 1 1/4 hours to get into a true non-smoking room, I called for room service for dinner instead of going out. The person who delivered the food called the hotel engineer for me to get the TV fixed. At least, the room server tried to do so but ended up waiting on the phone for almost 15 minutes, merely waiting for someone in engineering to pick up the phone. It was at this point the server mentioned to me that Caesar's Palace had just been awarded four stars and that this should not be happening in a four star hotel. I agree. Someone made a mistake. This does not perform like a four star hotel.
We arrived around one p.m. to check in and were informed that unless we paid $30 that we would have to wait until 3 p.m. for a room, no exceptions,corporate decision!  We went to the restaurant near the lobby to have lunch and think it over, the chopped salad was pitiful.  The meat in this salad is Salami, I asked that they substitute that processed junk for chicken.  The $16 salad was as unimaginative as you can get.  Of course they don't serve any rolls at lunch, another way to short change the guest.  We phoned another hotel and decided to go elsewhere.  They didn't get an additional $30 and they didn't get our business either.  . Wouldn't you think that they would just add the $30 to the room charge, rather than piss people off this way?
This was our second and last time staying with CP. Our first stay in 2012 was in the Octavius Tower and generally positive. In hindsight, it was only good because we were lucky we didn't have a need to experience customer service.. . To go through the positives first:. +attached to Forum Shops. +good dining choices plus the Bacchanal Buffet. +plenty of free, secure self parking. +the majority of the newer towers have marble baths and jetted tubs. +location on the Strip. . Now to the unacceptable:. -HORRID customer service!. . We made reservations for the Palace Tower this time--still a relatively newer tower. Our check in representative made sure we were comfortable by putting us on the lowest floor next to a service closet. In addition, the top layer of the mattress in this room was tearing, exposing the coils. It should be noted, the beds are better at Excalibur.. . Now onto the (lack of) customer service..... . We were awakened one morning at 6 am to the sound of hammering and drilling. The hammering was so loud and persistent that we initially thought one of our neighbors was pounding on the wall. We called the front desk and the lady we spoke with told us she would send someone to investigate. 30 min later the sound was still occurring and we had no follow up from the front desk. We called back and were told that they were "looking into it." Sound continued and no follow up all day. The sounds returned at 7 pm. We called the front desk again and demanded to know what was going on and how long it would last. The guy we spoke to said that repairs were taking place and that there was nothing they could do. . . No follow up, ETA, apology, or offer to change rooms extended by any staff. CP makes it pretty clear that they just don't give a *%#&$* about guests. For 5 star service, look to Wynn, Bellagio, or Cosmopolitan instead.
I recently stayed at Cesar's Palace for a three night weekend visit to Vegas.  I have to say that I was very disappointed.  I made the reservation FOUR MONTHS ahead of time, but yet when I checked in I was told that they did not have any rooms available for what I had reserved.  I reserved a two bed, non-smoking suite for my friend and I, but they only had smoking rooms available with two beds which I told her I would not stay in a smoking room.  So, she was able to find a suite with one King sized bed, non smoking.  Fine.  No big deal.  However, I was billed for the more expensive two-bed suite!?  I have been calling them daily since my departure and have yet to get an answer as to why I was charged more for a room that they screwed up and did not hold for me based on my reservation.  I'm still in the process of trying to get a refund for the difference and it's been five days and I've spoken to over 10 different people?!. . Also, the entire hotel WREAKS of smoke!  Horrible!  From the second you walk in, it hits you in the face.  The room I had was a "non-smoking" room but everything in the room smelled like cigarettes.  My clothes smelled like smoke.  When I got home, I had to scrub my suitcase b/c it smelled like smoke.  Horrible!   . . Did you also know that they allow pets at the hotel?  Neither did I.  There were people walking around with dogs quite regularly.  I love dogs, but I don't like the puddles and piles that they leave in the hallway?!  We stopped counting at six urine puddles in the hallway, but we saw several more.  . . The casino was just another casino.  All the bells and whistles.  Anything unique or different?  No.  . . I was very disappointed with Cesar's Palace.  Based on their reputation, I was expecting a clean room with a professional staff but sadly, I had neither.
Surprisingly ordinary.. . I stayed in the Roman Tower, since the conference I was attending was at Caesars. I was actually pretty excited about staying here, since it's still the original megaresort and has a great 5-star reputation.. . I was disappointed with the room overall. My room (585) was pretty large, but oddly triangular. There was no desk to do work. WiFi was an extra charge, so the lack of a desk really mattered. There was a wired connection behind the TV, but I would have had to sit on the floor to do work.... . There was a separate tub and shower in the bathroom, which was long and narrow like a train car. Oddly, there was no shelf/ledge in the shower and the shampoo/conditioner kept falling off the soap dish. The towels themselves seemed worn and over bleached.  And does Caesars not have robes for the guests?? Maybe my room just didn't have them; In a 5-star hotel, a robe would be nice. . . I am absolutely NOT a stickler about luxury details.  Normally, as long as the room is clean and the shower works, I'm happy. . . But in this case, a 3-day midweek stay will run my bosses about $600. In the middle of December, most hotels on the strip are half that...
I just don't like this place.. . Caesars in Atlantic City is nice, so I thought, since this one is in Vegas it would be nicer.  From the outside, it looks nice, iconic and gives you an aura worthy of a Vegas casino.  Then you got one of the nicest shopping centers in Vegas, a can't miss, the Caesar's Forum.  But after entering the casino, I thought there was nothing extraordinary about it.  It is large, but the slots are dated.  The table games are expensive with rude dealers. The rooms are standard hotel rooms not worthy of a Vegas moment.  I was surprised.  They want to pretend that they are one of elite casino, but it really isn't.  Great mid-strip location, but the way they build the casino, it is a far far walk from the nearest casinos.  It is ironic, but it's kind of isolated in the middle of the strip.  No great restaurants, just your standard chain places.  I come to Vegas a lot.  I rarely come back here due to the fact they are boring.  Two stars because they look good from the outside and are attached to a great shopping complex.  That's it.
Overall, I think Caesars is beginning to show its age. We were comped a few rooms here and reversed a single King room non-smoking.  When we arrived, we were told they didn't have a king room that was non-smoking. I was told that the comped rooms just have to take what we could get and we were given the choice of a smoking king or a non-smoking double queen.  But we didn't let the fact they didn't actually reserve a room spoil our good time and took the double queen. . . The room was pretty standard for Vegas: Wildly overpriced minibar, missing do not disturb sign, and room service only mistakenly barged into our room once. That last one gave me a pretty scare.. . On the plus side, Caesars has great water pressure, a central location on the strip and the absinthe show there is incredible. Unfortunately for them, I spent most of my time enjoying other casinos and restaurants that belonged to other hotels.. . If I were paying, I would stay elsewhere.
