Me, my husband and my best friend went to have breakfast on Monday morning. . I was very excited about this place. Former chef from Casino, New downtown restaurant and cool interior....  . Yes It is located at very weird area...you don't want to hang out on the street near the Eat. after dark. Only serving breakfast and lunch is a great idea. I don't want to be there at night time. Anyway we found the restaurant without any problem with my navi.. But I didn't have any Quarters for the parking. I went inside and asked for some change. . Restaurant was beautiful. Very hip, great vibe and cool California style...felt like i was at Santa Monica somewhere not in downtown LV.. My friend ordered Smoked Salmon, my husband ordered Shrimp and Grits and a side of pancakes, and I ordered Truffled Egg Sandwich. . Maybe our expectation was TOO high. Maybe Chef wasn't there when we were there. Sorry...every dish was nothing special... First of all Smoked salmon dish was just serving cream cheese, capers, sliced tomatoes, red onion and rye bread. My truffled egg sandwich...I can make better one at home. And my husband's Shrimp and Grits were the worst I've ever had. Shrimp wasn't season enough and the Grits were not season at all...not even salt. And coffee was luke warm.. Staff was very nice and I loved the atmosphere. . But when you pay for $65($55for food and coffee+$10 for tip) for breakfast for 3 people. I'm expecting more than just serving store bought smoked salmon with cream cheese.. I will give the chef credit, because they do use high quality products.. We want to see more than pretty presentation and hip dining space. The food need more flavor for that price.. But we will give them another shot.
NOT SO "WOW" IN THE CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPT. . As a resident of downtown las vegas who eats every meal out, I am always pleased to see a new offering in the local restaurant scene. . . After giving this new breakfast and lunch spot a couple of weeks to settle in, my girlfriend and I walked the three blocks from our home at the Ogden for a light breakfast, coffee, and newspapper. . . When we arrived on a Wednesday, there were only about 10 dinners in the place, so when our host seated us at a small table in a dimly lit area, we asked to be seated near the windows where there was more light to read out papper.. . Even though there sere at least six open tables in that area, our hosts replied that we sometimes get busy and we don't like to seat two people at a four top table.  I just looked at him and asked, are you serious, there is no one seated in that area.  He again replied that they might get busy and that all he could offer us was the small table or the lunch counter.. . As my wife and I sat down, we looked at each other and said, that was the wrong answer, over hearing us, he comes back to the table and says, well, if you are going to be that upset about it, I will move you.    I declined.. . Instead of just walking out, we ordered a cup of coffee, while we enjoyed our coffee, two other two-somes and a single diner we searted in the area that we had asked for.. . Not the kind of WOW customer service that the Downtown Projects other companies strive so hard to deliver.  Perhaps they need to take the Zappos tour.
I heard great things about this place and really wanted to like it, but it disappointed me, both in food and service.. . The location didn't bother me as it seemed to bother other reviewers. You have to pay for parking which is inconvenient if you don't have change, but I was willing to do that if the food was good. Sadly, it wasn't.. . First of all our server was very aggressive. He put his hand on the back of my chair and leaned in close to my personal space. He creeped me out. I appreciate friendliness but I don't appreciate you getting really close to me. My husband noticed it right away too.. . We had coffee while waiting for our order. It wasn't horrible or anything- I've had much worse- but it tasted over extracted, like they were skimping on the amount of coffee used to brew it. At $3 a cup (yep, $6 in total for two mugs of coffee), it should taste better than that.. . My husband ordered shrimp & grits and he loved it. He ordered it because that's the dish he heard others raving about.. . I ordered the eggs benedict and holy moly, the sauce was SOUR! Not a good kind of sour either. The bacon was also limp and chewy. Yes, it was turkey bacon, which I eat at home all the time, but it didn't even taste like it was cooked. It was really gross.. . The serving size was small, but that wouldn't have bothered me if the food actually tasted good. I don't like stuffing myself with huge portions at breakfast, but it's hard to not feel ripped off when you paid $13 for english muffins with limp bacon and sour hollandaise sauce.. . The ambience was cool and hipster-ish. I think it's cool that they let their waiters have tattoos and dyed hair, but that doesn't make the food taste better or the waiter less creepy. Also the music was far too loud, my husband and I could barely have a conversation.. . Final verdict: waste of money for now. The place is new, maybe they'll work the kinks out. If they changed a few things this place could be great but I'm not returning for now.
Oh, Eat--I really wanted to like you, especially after hearing such glowing recommendations from friends, but you just left too much to be desired.. . As far as the good: the decor was really cute and reminded me of some farm-to-table eateries in Denver or Portland, and I really appreciated the variety of menu items, which included healthy options and vegetarian-friendly dishes. . . The execution, however, desperately needed work. My boyfriend and I came in for breakfast on a weekday morning (meaning the place was busy but not slammed), and we ordered water and coffee upon our first interaction with the server. Neither came out until our food arrived. (And it should be noted that my breakfast didn't come out until my boyfriend was almost finished with his plate.) . . As far as food quality, I was again disappointed. I love the idea of beignets, especially with jam and mascarpone, but they were pretty overcooked. My egg white frittata was so wet that I literally had a pool of water on my plate, which made my English muffins soggy and water-logged, and my boyfriend ordered the tofu scramble, which was flavorful but unbelievably greasy. . . I love the concept of this restaurant, and I think a lot of people want Eat to succeed, since it provides a sense of authenticity to the burgeoning neighborhood, but the actual execution needs some refinement before I could recommend it to anyone.
So I've heard and read so many great things about this place, maybe they just had an off day, maybe my expectations were too high... the bottom line is my experience wasn't good.  To begin with I went on a Sunday in the early afternoon, I had luckily missed the brunch rush.  My Server although I'm sure she meant well seriously need to lay off the meth... she was all over the place!  Don't get me wrong she was trying her best to be accommodating but seriously, take a deep breath and just take my order.  Oh ya and try to get it right,  I know you have me all by myself at a table plus another two-top so maybe that's too much multitasking for you. Since i got there around 1:30 they had sold out of beignets... which sounded wonderful with fresh berries and marscapone, alas it wasn't meant to be. So at the Servers suggestion i tried the short stack and the Shrimp & Grits, actually the pancakes were pretty good.  Light, buttery texture with a couple of tasty strawberries for garnish.  But EAT fell short by providing a single serve maple syrup and only one individually wrapped pat of butter.  I would have asked for more but my space cadet server with the purple hair was nowhere to be found,  as I'm more than half way finished with my pancakes she stops by and mentions my breakfast burrito was on special) would be right up.  I mention that i had ordered the Shrimp & Grits, and here is where I should have just taken the burrito!  when the Shrimp & Grits arrived the first thing that stood out is that they were soupy not creamy.  the flavoring over all was unremarkable and the two slices of thick cut bacon was soggy and unappetizing after soaking in the soupy grits.  Maybe I'm too picky but bacon should be crisp! And if you leave it soaking in the grits it's gonna get chewy.  Maybe sprinkle chopped crispy bacon on top to finish off the dish.  The Iced tea was seriously the highlight of my meal, fresh with a hint of orange flavor, orange slice and mint sprig garnish.   So now time for the check... funny... I never saw one!  The space cadet comes by, sees I'm finished eating and a $100 bill sitting on the table and rightly assumes I'm ready for the check.  She asks if i would like to take home my nearly full bowl of "soup" to which I kindly reply, "No Thank You, just the check"   She grabs my plate and my cash and say she will be right back with change.  A different server appears with a check presenter and my change $74.50!  And no Check!  $25.50 for Brunch! Two pancakes, Shrimp & Grits and an Iced Tea!?!? That's a little pricey for downtown.  But who knows what the total was because I never saw the Check!  I simply placed her tip on the table and left.   Very disappointed....
The noise at lunch here left the most distinctive impression on me so I guess the food was good.  I had the arugula salad and a less than flavorful iced tea.  Everyone else enjoyed their food but we all had to shout at each other in order to be heard.  The best part of my experience was leaving.  Come when it's quiet and you might enjoy it more.
I had/have high hopes for this place.. . I was pleased to get the recommendation to come here, which got us away from the overstimulating nausea of the strip and get a little local flavor. The place has a very down home and uncomplicated industrial/ modern chic vibe set on the edge of redevelopment zone of downtown. . . First off, I was bummed that we had just missed breakfast (stops at 11) and was not that intrigued by the lunch menu. We were completely caught off guard that we had several different servers within a matter of minutes when the dining room wasn't that busy. Then there were a few snafu's in that my gf got the served wrong side dish and I a chicken Banh Mi when I ordered the Tofu. . . The food itself was uneven. The chips were a highlight. The Banh Mi was fine. Potato salad was too creamy. My gf's chicken (on the chicken sandwich) seemed boiled and lacked any real flavor. She rarely complains about food. . . I am hoping that there are some jitters that need to be settled with both staff and kitchen and that it will be here the next time I come. I would love to see it improve and thrive, but for now, it was really missing the mark.
It's certainly nice that Tony H is helping to bring new business downtown and I made a point to support the restaurant he helped support. I took a client for lunch and was really anticipating a wonderful experience.  The food was fine, as it should be, but the noise level was excruciating. We had to yell throughout the entire lunch, as did the hostess when she called our name to be seated.  With concrete floors and very little fabric the decibel level is just too high.  Don't go if you plan on having any conversation during your meal. Otherwise, the restaurant is a nice addition to downtown.  Also, pricey for lunch. $40 for lunch for two.
This is a great lunch spot for those who work downtown.  The service was quick and friendly and the food was average priced.. . I got a grilled chicken salad.  It was delicious.. . I just updated my review and changed it from four stars to two stars after eating there again.  I think this place is over-hyped.  My chicken ceasar salad was eh.  It tasted very fishy and the rubbery chicken skin flaked off into the salad.  I paid $14 for a salad and an iced tea.
Have gone 4 times since it opened and each time I kick myself for going back.  Is it beyond their ability to make one change to their already limited menu to make it more interesting.  FYI.  Roast beef should be rare not "poop" brown. And if a customer does not want tomato soup with the grilled cheese is it so difficult to substitute a side salad.  God forbid you put something slightly healthy on menu.  In short bad menu bad service no clue about how to make good food or provide hospitality.
The food was not all that.  The customer service was just okay. Don't get what all the rave is about??
I was expecting a lot, from reading previous reviews.  The noise factor was very off-putting.  As we entered, about noon, the music was booming. There is nothing soft around to absorb sound, so don't expect to have a conversation.  The music did tone down after a bit...but not because they lowered it.  Everyone who does talk has to raise his voice to be heard, so the sound escalates as the restaurant fills.  I had to put in the earplugs I always have with me.  My chicken pot pie used puff pastry underneath and on top of the filling.  The filling was okay; I didn't detect a lot of chicken in it, but it wasn't all sauce like some--mostly veggies I think.  The bottom crust couldn't be crispy, and the top crust wasn't either--so I just ate arouond the edges.  The chicken sandwich was ordinary, and the potato salad tasted more like the packaged salad in a regular market.  The one I make myself is much better.  It's unlikely we will return.  Breakfast is enticing, but ends at 11 am.
I've been hearing about this place and was excited for a new breakfast place that also sources local, supports local artist and is on the pulse of the growth of downtown. It's already sounding like my kind of place with a strong ethos for community and quality.. . The banner says, "eat.  A breakfast and lunch place." was actually a breakfast THEN lunch place. Wish I knew before  going down there that they do not serve both together. Weekdays breakfast is stopped at 11am, then lunch until 3pm. Weekends is brunch until 2pm.  . . We order up the killer grilled cheese since that was sounding good to the BF. The tomato soup it came with was really good. It was a bit cheesy and creamy and like there was chunks of tomato in it, not just puree, which I prefer. The grilled cheese was just OK, though I generally will enjoy thick buttery toast. Nothing mindblowing.. . I couldn't decide between the shrimp po boy or the pot pie and chose the chicken pot pie since it sounded good to the BF. I blackjacked on the wrong one. The flavor was decent, but as I got to the bottom there was soggy crust that absorbed all of the sauce from the filling and made the filling thicker than pot pies normally are. The top was crunchy enough and it would have been better if they just did the top and skipped the bottom crust as it won't crisp right in a thick and shallow ramekin. The egg on top was over medium-hard and had a bit crisp burnt edges and wished it was yolky good. The salad it came with was very light and fresh though. Very fresh mixed greens, shredded carrot, sprouts, tomatoes. . . As much as I wanted to love the food here, soup and salad shouldn't have been the best part and nothing impressed my socks off.. . Also, I thought for $4 for ice tea, it would taste better or be unique passionfruit. It was standard tropical ice tea flavor, but it had that oversteeped taste so I didn't really clamor for refills.. . Service was on the cusp of adequate. It was odd how quiet our server was. I asked for something and he just made the slightest of nods and walked away to another table which left me a bit thinking if he was gonna get it or not. He did end up bringing me some hot sauce. He just put the check on the table, no acknowledgement or asked if there was anything else, while we were eating or checking to see if we want our ice tea topped. He wasn't mean, but I guess wasn't friendly either. Seeing their website talking about the importance of people, you'd think this would be the warmest just-like-home service spot. . . I see that the hype and the love is for breakfast or weekend only items. If stuff like the shrimp and grits, the huevos montulenos and eggs benedict (weekends only) gets people talking this place up, then have that magic stuff available always!  I don't get why the switch in menus considering this place is open only until 3pm weekdays. Vegas is a nightlife industry so you would think they would try to catch as much local support as possible and have breakfast for swing shift and graveyard, not just the AM folks who work at the government buildings in downtown. . . The menus are small that combining it would be 20 items. It's not impossible to make breakfast items as well as salads and sandwiches of the lunch menu. I get simplifying to make it easy to prepare, but then I would expect it to just KILL that execution and flavor when you're making a pot pie special, 5 sandwiches and plating already cooked soup and mixing salads. With small menus you would expect a jes ne sais quoi with everything you order. If they were to have breakfast items all day, I would maybe give it a chance again before heading into work. . . I'm so so sad I had to rant instead of rave of this place. I started this review as a 3star, but it felt more suited to a 2star by the end of it. I haven't been this disappointed in a long while. This much talked about breakfast will have to elude us then. I just don't see us making the effort to wake up outside of our sleep pattern to be here early for a place that left us with doubt.
I chose to eat at Eat for my birthday breakfast.  We got there probably around 10AM on a Wednesday morning.  The restaurant was half full and despite there being a plethora  of places to sit we were sat at a tiny two top.  When we asked if we could sit on the other side of the restaurant we were told "it is reserved for when we get busy" not the welcome that one would expect for a little boutique spot.  . . I ordered the pancakes which came with a tiny jar of maple syrup and one packet of butter.  Almost laughable.  When I asked our waiter if I could have more he looked a bit taken aback like I had belched in his face.  He wasn't extremely friendly but he was helpful telling my girlfriend to not order the shrimp and grits over the chilaquiles.  The chilaquiles were much better than my pancakes.  . . When we were about half way through our meal our server unceremoniously dropped the check on our table.  Having been a server in one of my many past lives, I don't care for having the bill brought before I ask for it.  . . The pancakes did reheat well, which I enjoyed with an abundance of butter and maple syrup when I ate them at home.
Sometimes, Yelpers can miss and the four star ratings that drew me here is a disappointment.  . . First it's a breakfast and brunch place and they stop serving brunch/breakfast items at at lunchtime?  Say what?  How difficult would it be to keep your grill open to cook breakfast items?  . . Second, the waiter appeared annoyed after he was told I ordered coffee (my friend even heard me) and he didn't hear that I wanted coffee and water.  . . Third, the food was marginal at best.  Maybe because I didn't have any appetite having spent the night and day before at EDC but man, the black bean soup tasted like sea water.  They salted the heck outta that beans till it flew outta the cuckoos nest.  . . Two of my friends, didn't like the Tomato Soup, which looked like they put some care into it's presentation, but the taste buds don't lie.  Unfortunately, I can only recommend that you don't Eat at Eat.
Wow, today's lunch was a disappointment.... . After eating here for lunch once before, I couldn't wait to come back.. and today was the day. . . Went with coworkers and couldn't decide between the BLT or the Banh Mi Chicken, . Our waitress suggested the Banh Mi and said it was delicious and a bit spicy.. Yay.. bring it on.. I love Banh Mi, and thought this will be a great little twist with chicken.. NOT at all what I expected. The chicken was pounded flat, fried and chewy, almost as though it was leftover from last week and reheated. The chicken was hot, so when put on the sandwich bread it wilted the vegetables. They were not crispy and there was no spice. The bread was also overdressed. . . The homemade chips are some of the best I have ever had... crispy, and lightly salted for great flavor.   . . The service was friendly and fast. . . Not going to let one sandwich stop me from going back,.. Looking forward to another lunch. . Oh, if you're going to discuss any business during lunch, forget it..a great selection of music plays, but it is loud.
Even being near Fremont and having huge portions, I've had better for less.. . I stopped in for breakfast and was immediately turned off by the coffee and the food didn't fair much better.. I know I'm lacking details, but so was the food.. . Yeah, you're going to want to Pasadena on this one..
Worst service I've ever had at a breakfast spot. I chose this spot because of the great reviews on the food but the service didn't allow me to even eat. They should call this place starve and not eat. I waited with my fiance and her sister for 20 min to get a table, once seated no one came to us to give us water/menu or anything They weren't even full, there were tables open all over. Someone who looked like the owner was too busy talking to a group of her friends instead of checking on us
The wait staff was very friendly, and we arrived around 11:30--just before the lunch rush.  The food was OK, but not really worth the drive and parking to downtown. And I LOVE a good breakfast place.   My friend had the egg truffle sandwich, which she said was pretty good, and I had bacon and eggs, which were decent (but insanely greasy).  The beignets that arrived before the meal were also good--but also incredibly greasy.  At around noon, the crowd picked up and it was very busy.  . . The kicker for Eat, and the reason I won't be returning, is that upon receiving our credit cards back from the bill, we noticed a photocopied note that had been highlighted, which (very condescendingly) stated that split checks during "slammed" times was not appreciated.  Now, had we been TOLD that by the waitress prior to running our check, we would not have split it (down the middle, not by item, mind you).  After an inordinate amount of time between the end of our meal, the dropping of the check, and the waiting for our credit cards back, we were informed by one of the wait staff that Eat only has one credit card machine.  Seriously?  With all the free card runners (Square, etc...) out there, an establishment is going to blame the customer for the slow down of running two cards? And again, it was not busy when we entered, and had the bill been dropped in a timely manner, we could have been on our way, leaving behind us a free table for the crowd.  So there you have it.  Decent, greasy, initial service was friendly, incredibly rude and condescending upon receiving the bill.
I was really- I don't know- disappointed with Eat. My friend had talked about this place she was so excited to go and our experience was not good. . . First when we got there our server just kept trying to up sell us. Try once but then read your customers and stop. We sat down and she asked us if we wanted beverages and both of us just said water, and she was like "no coffee, juice?" No just water, she said okay and then i cant remember if she asked us if we wanted sparkling water or bottle water, so again we both said "no just regular water with some ice please." That kind of irritated us. . . Then my friend had read on yelp that the chilaquiles were better if you asked to have the egg fried instead of scrambled. While we were looking at the menu, my friend kept reminding me to have her egg fried. The server came back and asked us if we wanted to order- i was still looking so we said we needed a minute. And she again was like "oh well can i start you with something biegnets maybe, our biegnets are really good." We were going to split biegnets so we just ordered them but after being pushed about the drinks the server was just kind of irritating us. . . The biegnets- huge disappointment. I know there are different schools of thought on who likes what type of biegnets- I personally like light fluffy biegnets. These ones were the doughy thick biegnets- which the main downfall is the dough soaks up a lot of oil. As soon as we picked up the biegnets the oils saturated everything, my fingers, it was half and inch into the biegnets, I used napkins to soak up the excess oil- this is just a huge turn off. Of the six we only ate two. Which is sad because had they been good we would have been fighting over them and probably ordered seconds.. . The server comes back and we place our breakfast order- my friend asks for the chilaquiles but wanted to change the egg to a fried egg. The server responded with "oh well thats our signature dish so its really designed to be eaten the way we have it on the menu."- omg I so wanted to say "well yelp is designed to help customers improve their experience at a restaurant." The server would not change the eggs, my friend just got frustrated and ordered shrimp and grits- which the server then said, "yeah maybe youll like that better.". For me I just ordered one pancake- mainly because the biegnet kind of ruined things for me. The server looked at me and was like "one pancake? are you sure you can get a short stack of two for $6.00 our pancakes are the best ever you might want to do that." Again i can read the menu I took time to look over the options, i saw there was a short stack and no i would just like ONE pancake thanks. After repeating myself she said "do you want to add eggs, or bacon or sausage?" Again no, just the pancake. . . Our food-. When the shrimp and grits came I could just tell my friend was going to be disappointed- the bacon was not crispy it actually looked under cooked, where the fat on the bacon is still white and flabby. The grits looked okay. I could not try it because im allergic to shrimp- but then again i dont think I would have wanted too. After having grits from Lola though, I knew those grits at Eat could not compare. I asked my friend how did these grits rank compared to Lolas. And she replied "Lolas is a 10 and these are a ZERO." bummer. . . My pancake was good. Its served really cute with a little personal jar of syrup. I wouldn't say its the best pancake ever- i still think my favorite pancakes are at Babystacks. It is a good pancake though.. . Then our bill- our server mysteriously disappeared and no other servers seemed to want to help us out so we waited a bit- like a while for our server to reappear. She brought us our check and we placed two cards in it. When we got our check back there was a note inside that said "During busy times we request you do not split checks. Thanks" That's kind of what did it for me. I was thinking well you know what we request that you get competent servers then. Most of us in Vegas have worked at one time or another in the food industry at busier places then Eat and have had to split checks- learn your trade and multitask. . . So I wouldnt go here again- Id rather go to Babystacks any day.
Food and service are so good.. The music is so loud that I kind of don't want to come back.. :(
Had breakfast here....granted I did have the basic eggs & bacon so mine was nothing special. My husband has the shrimp & grits which he said were pretty good~Beignets on the menu...sounded wonderful!! OOOOPS! They don't have them any more. THEN TAKE THEM OFF THE MENU!!! I mean your menu is a typed piece of paper~.    The location is good IF your in the Fremont area otherwise i would not make a special trip. Our server was enthusiastic however not a very good server~ Said the coffee was great!! No mention of the brand, AND it isn't good either!, I had toast asked for jam.....he did bring about a tea spoon amount????! And did specify it is made in house......again not great and isn't it customaryif toast is served would jelly/jam be included???.       It just seemed all odd? Granted the staff was all friendly, maybe since we're not regulars that was the difference. Even the chef/owner came out to the floor....no smile, no acknowledgement to any guests...WTF?
Started off looking promising but poor service and cold food sent our experience spiraling downward. Chicken fried steak was fried way too long and seemed to have been plated out from under heat lamps, making it a barely warm dry mass of over-breaded mystery meat. As a forced substitute for the beignets which are not on the (just printed on plain white paper) menu for the winter, the cinnamon biscuits with berries were good, but again, the biscuits were cold and this fell apart like dry cake. And, staying with the theme, even the coffee was luke warm. Maybe the hipsters are going too far with projecting the Coolness into everything.
I live downtown so it gives me no pleasure to say this but eat is the most tragically over-hyped restaurant in the city. I think people like the story more than the food--they have to. Local strip chef hooks up with downtown project, opens original concept in an up-and-coming part of "new downtown"...it just works. Add to the story a cool space, friendly/hip wait staff, and an intriguing soul-foody menu--it's a perfect combo. What everyone seems happy to overlook, though, is the shockingly mediocre quality of the food. This is classic over-promise/under-deliver territory. The shrimp and grits are soupy and bland. The truffled egg sandwich is a travesty of over-cooked eggs, slapped together mushrooms--a two dimensional card trick. The public has for some curious reason been swooning over fried dough served with a sliced-in-half strawberry. Smoke andmirrors, folks. Eat is testimony to just how powerful the desire for a place to be great exceeds it's actual greatness. It's not all terrible. The coffee is tasty. I enjoyed a po boy once. But the food is simply average and in no way justifies the national attention this place receives. The cooks are not in command of salt or technique; the dishes are just flimsy. I so wanted to love this place, and I still champion the forces and reasons that gave birth to it, I just don't care to eat there. The food is fine. It's average. But it in no way rises to the level of the restaurant's fame. MTO is already better. Let eat continue to be a hub of attention and activity, but let's stop pretending its because of the food.
Let me start off saying the food is amazing . If it wasn't for the owner I would have given it a 5 star. We get there with a party of 5 . As soon as we get there we notice 2 table for 2 are open we also notice the owner is sitting at the only 6 top table with another guest. In so we wait and we wait and we wait . The host went up to her 3 times telling her that there are customers waiting hat need that table and she didn't even move. Three different party's of 5 or more came a left because the wait was going to be so long and being that there were  tables for 2 open she wouldn't even move. The worse part was when her and her guest were done eating and he left she sat there by herself on a table for 6 doing paperwork for another 30 min. Me and my husband would have left I'd it wasn't for our kids wanting to eat there. We will never go back and in fact 2 people have asked us about the place and we told them we wouldn't recommend it. Simply because the owner just doesn't care. The host apologized for the owner and after the 4 the request she finally moved. Take your money to a small Bussiness where the owner appreciates your Bussiness.
