My buddy Tony T, which is a chef, recommended this place, which is in the Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino.  . . The Cosmopolitan is a beautiful hotel, there was nothing wrong with the hotel, Except the BUFFET!  They make it upscale, but it's not all that.  There's no flavor at all.  You have tourists, which have lost all there $$ on Gambling.  They feel they should recuperate there losses with eating all the food they can.  They make the portions very small, in little plates (tapas style), but you can only fill 4 items on your plate.  That's a lot of dishes to work with.. . . Well, since I lost so much $, i wanted to eat so I can have some energy to play again.  . . 1.  SERVICE: Our waiter was not to be seen.  We had to flag down a Manager after 20 mins of dehydration,  once we spoke with the manager, we had prompt response with our drinks, with 2 other waiters.  We still didn't see our waiter for another 30 mins.  Once we did, we actually had to ask for sugar because there was none available for our Ice Coffee and Ice Tea.. . 2.  PHO STATION: The Soup was not hot and they place the Greens under a food hot lamp.  All the greens were wilted.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME??. . 3.  LABELS:  Most of the dishes have no labels.  You pretty much have to guess what the dish is.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  I thought this salad was with taro, but it wasn't.  I had no idea what that stuff was?  Even their soups, you had to guess.  There were 2 choices of soup, Pho Base or Miso Soup.  of course, they don't label it.  I betcha most of the "WHITE" people put the miso soup with the Pho Rice noodles.  that's a major faux-pau in the culinary industry.  Just my opinion.. . . 4.  DESERT BAR:  Again, they have no labels next to the items, so you have to guess what the heck it is.  You had to flag down someone behind the bar in order for them to hand you a desert behind the display case.  They should leave that out, if you have to wait there for 5 mins to get a desert.. . They had this Egg custard , in an Egg shell, that Tone recommended, which had different layers of flavors.  I was so intrigued.  So I got one.  But to my dismay, it was just soup.  It was a creamy shot of Blah.. he said it was not made right, since the first time it was made.  it was suppose to be layers, but they did not let the layers set.. . 5.  RESTROOMS:  They have a very very small restroom for the Buffet.  only 4 people can fit in the bathroom at 1 time.  When I was there, only 1 urinal was available.  so a max of 3 people can be in at one time.  This is okay, but after i finished my meal, the Desert Egg Shell Custard shot did not agree with me.  . . At least I can recommend the Egg custard as a Laxative.
I went into Cosmo hotel to grab an early dinner after CES and was blown away by the decor and ambiance of Wicked Spoon Buffet. We got there at right at 5pm with no wait, and the cost was only $27 for dinner. Affordable pricing for such an upscale looking buffet.. . I loved how all the food was laid out and there were individual platings of all the sides in cute mini plates or pots. Definitely an A+ for looks. Too bad the taste fell way short.. . At first, I though that it was pretty tasty, but alas I was just too damn starving and distracted by the pretty plates to notice. But after my first plate, I noticed that nothing really stood out. I had no favorites to go back to...and I just ended up trying a little bit of everything. Which is almost IMPOSSIBLE to do.. . Remember those cute individual platings? TERRIBLE IDEA! Sometimes I would only want a bite or two, but because I had to take the entire serving, I ended up with a stack of lil plates and pots on my table. I felt super wasteful, but couldn't bear to eat the entire serving because I didn't like it all that much. . . Plus those small serving plates avoid you from piling on different things at the buffet creating more than necessary trips back and forth. By then, you just end up getting full before you can get your money's worth. Boo!. . The meats were a little dry, and WHAT...no crab legs?? Instead they had some kinda peeled crab (I THINK) in some butter sauce. Of course I wouldn't really know because nothing is LABELED. But regardless, it was rubbery and weird and tasteless. My favorite thing was the shrimp cocktail, juicy and plump...but it was served in tiny plates of 2 shrimp apiece :\ Whyyyyyyyyy is life so difficult??. . My favorite part of buffets is always the dessert bar. Again, everything here looks stunning. Miniature works of art. Although looking individual and unique, many of their dessert were similar in form...custard base with a fruit gel. Nothing spectacular. They also have chocolate covered strawberries which I liked, but my favorite was the gelato. The salted peanut flavor was my top pick.. . Service was also on the slow side. It took the waiter 30 minutes before my coffee came out. By then I already fell asleep from the mediocre food -_-. . Pretty face, but lacking in quality substance.
Went during a weekday and the food was mediocre. The two stars are only due to its presentation, which was excellent. Our waitress was one of the best - took care of us, explained the divisions of buffet areas, and she took the initiative to bring us water WITH our regular drinks. Our table was never cluttered with plates because as soon as we left and came back, they were gone. The food came preportioned already, which is a great idea to limit waste at a buffet and the shrimp was already peeled and placed in a small plate for us with a dollop of cocktail sauce. So cute!. . The lack of three stars is due to the actual food :(. Unfortunately the food was not good. It was bland and dry. The desserts weren't even that great except for the ice cream/gelato. The pasta, though it was preportioned, was left out in little bits only to dry because of the heat lamps :( Most of the food tasted burnt and overcooked.. . The cosmo was definitely a place to visit and sight see but not to eat.
Came here with the fabulous Jessica Y. (see review below).. . First off..I totally understood why there was no wait on a Saturday night. This place is located in a really random section of the hotel. Maybe people got lost trying to find the buffet?. Dinner was $27.99 which is a little cheaper than say Bellagio or the Wynn.. The first thing I noticed was the swanky interior. It matches the hotel in that everything is very modern.. . I knocked off a star for the food selection. I really thought there was not enough options. I usually go to the Bellagio or Wynn buffet and I usually come back with a FULL plate every time. At the Wicked Spoon...I kept staring at everything and just thought....meh.. They give you little pots/pans instead of letting you scoop things until you realize you have 3 little pots/pans on your plate and no room for anything else. Those suckers take up space and they slide around your plate.. . I knocked off another star cause the food I got...I didn't like.. I like my buffets with a mix of familiar and gourmet...but this place tried to be all fancy schmancy and failed at making the food taste good. The pizzas particularly looked really flat and unappetizing.. . I knocked off another star for their desserts. I am a girl and desserts mean everything to me when it comes to meals. No matter how full I am I will always have a FULL plate of desserts. All the stuff they had though was just so....safe and boring and repetitive. Chocolate covered strawberry or apple. Ice cream. A few cakes. How boring. How lame.. . In all my years coming to Vegas I ate the least here. I couldn't find anything and the dessert area made me sad.
I had to try it.  We were tired of the M (except I really like their cider, and when they serve it to me in a wine glass) so we wanted my brother to be the first in the family to try the Cosmo buffet (since my parents already hit up the M years before he could visit me again).. . We went on a Sunday night - line was nonexistent, price reasonable, ambiance great.  Our server Will was fantabulous - attentive, sense of humor, super fast on drink requests and refills.  He gave Eric R. three sprite refills at one time since he was unusually thirsty for soda, something he never drinks.  The iced tea was good - definitely brewed and not Lipton.  It was sort of oolong ish.  Will was the only reason I gave 2 stars instead of one.. . Yes, the plates are awkward.  You can fit like 3 or 4 items at a time, they are clunky and sliding everywhere.  Will told us he can only clear one person's mess at a time, which slows down his progress.  The worst for me was the lack of signage.  Personally, I don't like to put a bunch of food in my mouth that has no distinguishing characteristics.  What the heck were in half the dishes?!  I honestly have no idea.  I wasn't in the mood for an omelette, so everything was out of my control.. . The shrimp and crab fingers - served in pairs already in sauce...yuk.  Almost every dish I could find, labeled or not, had pork in it, except carving station stuff.  Pasta, shrimp dishes, creamed corn, you name it, it was pork-infested.  With limited options, I didn't enjoy much except the make-your-own noodle bowl station at the end of the buffet.. . The desserts were worse - nothing was labeled except the gelato.  I didn't know what the hot pink goo was or the purple fudge looking stuff was, so I didn't get any of that.  I asked Will why the food wasn't labeled.  He said lots of people ask him that, that the management is aware, but that the "signage is delayed on order."  I would hope the Cosmo has its own printer.  Oh well.  Not coming back here.
First off, let me say that I went here for lunch on a weekday. December 28th, 2010 to be exact. It cost $19. The decor of the buffet is amazing. You almost feel like you're in a fancy shmanzy restaurant. What I also thought was pretty cool is that they serve most of the food in these individual trays. So, you don't scoop it into your plate. Although this is cool, it definitely doesn't allow you to take a lot of food back to your table in one plate.. . So, why the 2 stars? Cuz the food was disappointing. It was mostly pastas. No roast beef or prime rib, or crab legs. You would think one of these would at least be on the menu if you're paying $19. I just remember eating a lot of dim sum, some cheesy potato dish, and some pasta dish that I can't remember.. . Maybe I'll try this place for dinner to see if it is better before writing this place off.
Most of the food is decent. We went on a random Wednesday night for dinner and I found the carving station to be just ok. The shrimp and snow crab cocktails were good, but where it really falls flat as a buffet is on the king crab. It's served shelled on a warmer in 2 types of sauce and when we went was dry, chewy, and a big disappointment as king crab was my main reason for going.. . They're on a good track, less creativity and better taste and they'd have 4 stars from me. I wouldn't even complain about the selection.
Managers mean to there employees. The service was really lacking so much so I really wanted to say something. Food was good and there was plenty of it. We made it there at the end of breakfast so we stayed a bit and tried some of there lunch stuff. The food here is worth checking out. The low rating is for there lack of service.
With the ability to eat over 5000 calories a day and not gain a pound I am no stranger to a buffet.  I was slightly disappointed in the selection at The Wicked Spoon. Albeit a great price at15 dollars it still missed the mark.  I must admit to being a bit picky. I try not to eat gluten or dairy but rarely have had any issue in vegas. Right now I'm staring at my coffee that is black because they had no dairy substitutes. Everything here was either full of gluten or dairy. Even the hash browns were smothered in cheese. 2 plates of egg whites and fruit does not make a satisfying meal to me. Healthy yes but the splurge on food that one expects to make at a buffet let alone Vegas this was not. I will say the fruit was real fresh and the food looked good even if I couldn't eat it.
I went here a few weeks after they opened, and walking through the Cosmopolitan, I was mesmerized by their decor.  As we walked up to the desk, they were having a lot of issues with the register and for some reason couldn't scan our credit card, obviously the girl was new, but we were all so hungry and a bit irritated.  Finally we were seated and we rushed to the food line.  . . I must say their presentation is like dining at a French restaurant, everything is portioned out and so well presented.  I first walked down their cheese and bread aisle, I took a little bit of everything and I was a bit disappointed.  I love bread and there's not a lot of bread i hate, but everything tasted hard and stale.  Not my cup of tea, so I went back and took a little bit of everything else.  I tried their mushroom in a red wine reduction, that I enjoyed, then I had some of their salmon, didn't like the taste of it, I got some Kalbi, the meat was super salty, the pho noodles were terrible, it tasted like chicken broth and noodles.  The lobster was also very tough and not tasty at all. The only hot food dish i enjoyed was their Shrimp, now that was really good.  It was a spicy salt and pepper seasoning and i went back for more of that, other than that I just went back once for everything else, and I normally do not do that.. . So after i finished i thought the dessert never lets me down, so I walk over there and they had little milk and white chocolate dipped gala apples on a stick, bars of chocolate, different parfaits and cakes and also gelato.  The apples were terrible, they were very soft and mushy, tasted like they were bruised, the bars of chocolate was good, the parfaits combined too many random flavors together, the only thing I enjoyed and glad they didn't go wrong was the pistachio gelato.  . . Other than the shrimp and gelato, I definitely wouldn't go back again, unless the day I went the chef was just having a bad day.  Their service here is good though and the waiter was always there to refill the drinks.
Uninspired. That's the best way to describe the Wicked Spoon Buffet. My husband and I , giddy since we just dropped the kids off at school,had Valentines Day breakfast at the Wicked Spoon Buffet. The dining room was pretty cool, done up in browns and was very modern in a West Elm kinda way. My hubby did make a snide remark about the female Wait Staff uniform. It was a strange brown ginghamy, wrinkled, shirt-dress type deal that was not at all flattering. . The breakfast spread was cool, with small individual servings of items like 3 kinds of benedicts, smoothies, yogurt parfaits. The presentation was about the only great thing about this place. The benedicts, though made in small batches, had hard biscuits at the base, dry tough ham and sauces that quickly congealed making them very unappetizing. Hubby and I were unable to eat our respective benedicts. They had red velvet pancakes.... Babycakes don't even break a sweat... they were just dried up red colored pancakes with dried cream cheese drizzled on. The omelet station had some great fresh looking savory fillings but the avocado topping they placed on mine had a weird tangy taste that ruined it for me! . Wait staff was nice enough but slow, took their time clearing plates and refilling water They serve you water in these glass bottles. I'm sure they refill them but at least you have access to water while they take their time working the room! . . The plu$$es: . Great breads especially their tangy sourdough! . Good granola . Walnut French Toast . Omelet Station - just no avocado pleeze! . Individual cereal boxes... some good kinds not just Raisin Bran! . . $15 dollars for a weekday breakfast.. not so bad.  I can at least say I tried the place.
After a long weekend in Vegas, my friends and I wanted to leave Vegas with a bang (eating at a buffet). One of them suggested we go to Wicked Spoon. Away we go!. . The place is decorated beautifully. A lot of open space for comfortable dining. We went during lunch and they were nice enough to offer me unlimited bloody marys for $10. Okay! I'm not driving!. . The food presentation was really nice. Many dishes came in baby pots, chinese to-go boxes, etc. It's a way to win an "awwww" with girls.. but with me? I don't really care. It's cute, but my money goes to taste not necessarily presentation. I tried a little bit of everything, but the salad bar (waste of stomach space). Nothing was really memorable except for the miso glazed pork sliders. Those were DELICIOUS. They didn't have enough meat selections, I expected more than just 3 (prime rib and some other two). The creamed corn was okay. . . Their dessert selection was probably the highlight of the buffet. Yes, they were presented in a very "cute" way, but I didn't care for most of it. Chocolate covered long-stem strawberries, french macarons (they only had two flavors and they didn't look/taste very appealing). I do, however, like that they had a variety of gelato flavors. . . I think at the time when I was there, I thought it was amazing because I was in awe of how the Cosmopolitan looked and their presentation, but thinking now.. I probably wouldn't go back. Their food selection wasn't all that great. I think they try to mask their lack of food selection with all that jazzed up stuff (cute trays, baby pots, tiny wrapped food, etc). . . Crazy price for a just an "okay" buffet. Not worth going to again. I enjoyed the Rio a lot more and it's at a lower rate.  . . Meh.
Come on fellow Yelpers, i know you guys know good food and this is just not it. . This was my first trip to Cosmo and of course to the Wicked Spoon as well and mainly based off the reviews of this place from here i had to see what all the fuss was about. Upon arrival i was surprised to see no line on a Sunday evening (wut!) and so i was seated in 2 minutes and onto the food. . Will my server nice dude, friendly smile (no homo), and good personality took my drink order and said get your grub on which i was prepared to do. Did the stroll over the food which as promised served individually on about 80% of the offerings down to the salads which honestly were a nice highlight with the interesting varieties. Everything was clean, well presented and seemed to be prepared with a little more thought in terms of flavor with items such as chorizo enfuesed salmon, braised short ribs, and even a mac n cheese bar which was certainly a first for me. Even with all the eye candy of the food it was unfortunately lacking in flavor just like your typical buffet food that i have experienced. The carving station salmon and chicken were dry as the Mojave. The mac n cheese station was too much cheddar, can you say cheese with a side of noodle. And i think what stood out most for the night of negatives was the very bitter flavored lamb ribs on the Asian station that seemed almost like a black bean coating of some sort. . Of course its not all bad, highlights were the ceviche although needing more shrimp still very fresh and flavorful, the interesting salad combinations, the leg of lamb on the carving station, the braised short rib, and the desert bar was stellar. Fudge oh so creamy, the choco strawberries everybody is talking about and i especially liked the peanut butter cookies that had something like chopped reece's cup sprinkled on top. . You know in the end there is just far better food in this city to be had for $30 a head at dinner. I mean if your mission is to stuff your face to the point where it hurts your tummy then have at it here at Wicked Spoon sure. But your dollars can have better quality food at many of great restaurants on the strip and easily be satisfied with a good meal and service at the same price if not cheaper depending where you go. Im by no means a food snob but at $30 a head id like some quality over just a nice presentation. . Oh and one other big plus is the rest room inside the actual buffet i noticed. Thats something you dont see at other buffets or restaurants here in Vegas.
The rave reviews around this buffet has made it out to be legen, wait for it, I hope your not lactose intolerant, DARY! A group of nine came in here for a joint birthday after hearing that it was an amazing treat. Some of us got there early in case there was a line, but were greeted with five or six people queuing at any given moment. We decided to go downstairs, get a few drinks, and chill at the Vesper bar while the rest of our party gathered.. . Eventually everyone made it for the 6 o'clock dinner appointment. The cashier was very patient with us as we sorted out our bill. Some had cards, while others had cash. Not once did she cringe or look put out. That was a good start. The weekend dinner was $35 dollars, add tax and the 18% gratuity for a large party, and it comes out to $45 per person. The service was quick and attentive, so the gratuity was deserved, but the food selection does not warrant the price. . . The few specialty items such as the truffle potatoes, bone marrow, ratatouille, and lamb were delicious. Chinese food is like a salad bar, meant to fill you up and cost them nothing. I cannot help, but make a stop at this station when visiting a buffet. It pains me to say that the best dish offered at this station was the General Tsao Chicken. The kalbi was mediocre in flavor, but had a great charred crust. The consideration of removing the complete shell on the shrimp made for quick eating, but the cocktail sauce has no zest. The crab claws had a nice briny taste which I enjoy in seafood. The ceviche was good, but not spectacular. . . The most disappointing part of the whole experience was the dessert island. They are all visually astonishing, but lacked in pleasurableness to the palate. The chocolate strawberries were plump and juicy, but the chocolate did not contribute anything to it. The salted peanut gelato was my favorite. The creamy streaks of caramel, vanilla base, and bits of salted peanuts reminded me of a Payday. The balance of flavors were exquisite. The pistachio, lemon, and mint were also delicious. Be careful of the lemon, because it is pucker inducing. . . Overall, you can do one of the other buffets for a fraction of the price and be satisfied.
Went to the Wicked Spoon on a Sunday night. Their price has recently gone up to $35. I think there are other buffets in Vegas which have better tasting food for less price. At first, the small dish thing looks nice. But here are some of my observations.  Because most of the dishes are in its own small dish, all the food seems to be cold, from the lobster bisque I had to potato gatin.. also, since they are already portioned out, there is no way for you to try just a bite to see what something tastes like. So I ended up taking, but only taking one small bite and not finishing the rest because it either did not taste to my liking. Waste of food. The other thing is that there is only so many small dishes you can carry. So you end up taking a lot of trips to the bar.. . There were 3 things I really wanted to try from reading the reviews here... the crab claws, risotto, shu-mai.  None of those things were available. In general, most of the dishes were very salty or very sweet.  The lamb at the carving table was really tough and not edible. And the chocolate used in the desserts seemed like plastic.. . For me the best dishes were the cold shrimp cocktail (the shimp was bing and plump), and the spinach salad. Other than that, the food you get at the buffet at Green Valley Ranch is much more tasty (and cheaper too!)
Came here for Sunday Brunch and unfortunately I hate to say it but I wasn't impressed. Wynn is much better here especially for lunch. Paid $28 or so for Sunday brunch.. . I was expecting great things considering a lot of awesomereviews and also how beautiful and how well done the rest of the hotel was. However, the buffet was a dissapointment (well in comparison to all other buffets in Vegas). . . My main gripe was selection was very limited. Also nothing really blew me away in terms of food.. . Would I go back? Not for lunch but maybe to try dinner.
For $35 (not including tax and tip) dinner buffet at the Cosmopolitan, I really expected a lot better. Everything comes in tinyindividual size pots and portions, but the quality of the food selection is lacking. I was really disappointed in especially the Asian cuisine sections. The Chinese section tasted like something you get from a Chinese fast food place, nothing authentic at all. The Japanese section consisted of only three rolls: california roll, shrimp tempura roll, and something else. The roll even fell apart when i picked it up. . . The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section. . . There's a HUGE dessert section and everything looks so beautiful and sweet. But after one bite of each item, it didn't make me want to finish the dessert. The only things I liked in the desserts were the chocolate covered strawberries, chocolate covered marshmallows, gelato, and tiramisu. . . I wouldn't come here again for $35.
Yelped into this one again; should have figured when all the photos were of sweets an not food; sorry, came for the food; an it was "ok" ; but for dinner 37.50 per person not worth it; it's a mere 25.00 max worth it. I would stay away an do the sure bets like wynn an bellagio. Rude also to ask for a tip before service is given.
Overrated. By serving everything tapas-style, Wicked Spoon has essentially increased the surface area of all dishes, allowing for maximum heat lamp dry-age. Yay.
The overall concept is cool where you can get individual sized portions, but that's just a gimmick.  I can see it working from a standpoint of people taking more than they can eat and then not finishing, but it's also a pain to fill up your plate with 4 other plates or pots or whatever they are and then have to keep running back up to get something else.  It's their way to have you pay more for less.  Desserts are desserts, I don't need to fill up on that, I'd rather have lots of food selection than worry about how many desserts there are.  I agree with the one poster where if you see that's all people are posting in pictures, then there's probably a reason for it.  . . Since I'm not glued to going to the Strip and live in Vegas, I'd rather go to the M where at least you get free alcohol and I can pile my plate up to my heart's content.. . Nice concept, poor execution.
I was really happy to finally be able to get to try this place, but only to be a little disappointed. Their pricing is pretty good compared to most of the other buffets. ( 25 for lunch, 35 for dinner ) Most of their food is whatever, it's basically alot of exotic food  with weird names I never heard of.. . I saw some different food such as the lamb and pork meatball ( which was the most horrendous meatball that has ever touched my tongue), cauliflower puree ( sounds pretty gross so my friend and I didnt even look twice on it) and those were the only exotic things I remember. There was also prime rib, fried rice, many asian cuisines that i'm just totally sick of. Their sushi tempura one was pretty good though. I hate the fact that they tried to decorate some food by putting it in those silver cups because I only get one spoonful servings of each food just to try every food and if a food is bad, I wouldnt have to worry about wasting food which me and my friend did on every of those silver cans we got. Their mac n cheese bar is a cool setting where they make it in front of you, but the mac n cheese wasnt even that great.. . Desserts was the one thing I was looking forward to for this place, but they didnt have macaroons that I was informed of. Most of their desserts are not even that great. The best one would have to be their dark chocolate covered strawberries. I tried many of the little ones and none of it really stood out to me.. . overall, it was okay. I would rather pay 10 more dollars to hit up the bellagio buffet.
Style over substance.  . . All looks and poor food quality.  The keyword would be OLD.  Everything tasted stale or had a weird skin on it from age, including the smoked salmon, all the pastries.  Very poor fruit options nothing remotely exotic or fun.  Maybe we came on a bad day but either way we felt like it was highway robbery.  Left the place hungry because nothing tasted was fresh.  Very strange because we came at 9am, its hard to imagine food sitting around for too long that early in the day.  Probably all from the day before.  Doh.. . The omelets weren't bad.
Disclosure: I am in no way a buffet junkie. I have not been to any buffets in Vegas that I can remember, and I probably won't go to many more.. . I really needed to try a Vegas buffet since everyone always raves about them...it was a birthday request fulfilled! This is the one we chose since we were staying at Vdara right next door and I was happy about the yelp reviews. Went on a Saturday night for dinner, $35/person. Started to stand in line at 8:30p and was seated by 9p. Awesome...better than I had expected.. . Service was just ok. Waitstaff was slow, even though it was starting to clear out (place closes at 10p)...but watching them carry all that crap I felt bad and wanted to offer them a seat and a drink. Chefs were really friendly on all the stations.. . Food was just ok. We tackled crab legs and not much else. Depending on the batch, the quality changed...I felt like some were overcooked...still tasty though. Prime rib was great I thought. The chef tossed my piece on the grill for a sec since I'm not too big a fan of the bloody meat slice ;) Beef ribs were tasty also. I will say that the displays were classy and the individual serving portions were sexy. Not sure if it was a good thing for all the dishes though...some things were really dry. I searched for more super seafood (poke? anything?) and couldn't find anything anywhere. Just dry little spicy tuna rolls. . . Best thing about this place = GELATO. So great. Five stars for that. The other desserts looked like catering crap plastic junks. Choco strawberries looked good, but totally not my jam. Everyone looked like they were enjoying those strawberries.. . My suggestion: go earlier than I did. I think I got the scrapings at the bottom of the barrel. bring your own lemons for the crab, unless you like butter. our waiter never brought us any. Hehehe.
2.5 stars.... . Really?! I was not impressed. The ambiance and decorations here = modern, beautiful, sophisticated. Love that part of it! The food.... I was definitely disappointed after reading reviews. The plating and presentation is amazing, but it's lacking taste. my friends who like cardboard food liked it, but the rest of us were not sold. . . Favorites: . Truffled potatoes. . Yes, they had a Mac n cheese bar but it was not the most amazing Mac and cheese. It was kind of bland and the pasta was overcooked. Plus the guy making the pasta insulted me. . . The bone marrow almost made my girl barf, literally. She said it was like eating straight lard (think spoonful of crisco).. . Then we got some fresh fruit and it was not so fresh. My girl had a moldy tangerine. She got sick again. . . There was not a salad bar, only premade salad and i didn't find any of the salads to be tasty. Some weren't even palatable.. . I'm really sad because I sooooo want to like this buffet. Honestly, cosmopolitan is a lot of beauty but not a lot of substance. The eateries here are overhyped and overpriced. If I wanted that, I'd stay in Hollywood.. . Yummilicious Factor = D+
Wasn't impressed. Wish I could have been, I wanted to be.. . For a $30 Sunday brunch, it focused way more on breakfast items than lunch/dinner items.. . No crab.. No sushi (they said it would be ready by 9am, why couldn't they have it ready when the place opened?). No bone marrow (really wanted to try it). . Also, there wasn't one item I could say that really blew me away. I'm not a hard guy to please when it comes to buffets, but nothing flavor wise stood out.. . Unless I get some comp in the future and it allows me the dinner option, I can't see me going back here.. . Only reason why I'm giving 2 stars is because my waitress was cool.
You'd think for a new hotel that just opened, it'd have a really nice buffet to attract visitors... It's what M Resort did at Studio B Buffet... However, this is not the case at Cosmopolitan.. . Before I went, I saw amazing pictures posted by friends. I was also warned that Wicked Spoon succeed in presentation but not taste. My friends were right. Everything looks really cute in the little containers. Many of the hot foods were put in little pans that were only about 3 inches wide. Desserts look amazing too. . . Then I wonder, how can they make the food taste so mediocre? Most food didn't really stand out. They even messed up creamed corn which should be simple to master. The little pans were like little bowls. C'mon I was at a buffet and I only wanted a bite of everything. I was never going to finish a bowl of something, especially when they taste so plain.. . Although I do like the Chinese bbq duck and chocolate ice cream. I am never going to come back to this buffet that costed me $35.. . There are plenty of better buffets on the strip. Go to Studio B, Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, or Wynn instead. Same price, much much better in quality and taste.
Don't waste your time and money.  This buffet was very pretty, but had no substance.  I was so excited to see all the pretty and nicely presented food, but when I started eating, it all went downhill.  Their two good items are the arugula salad and the banh mi sandwiches (very good, full of flavor and tasty).  My son (13) and I (both total foodies) went for the Friday late breakfast buffet and was not impressed.  So disappointed b/c we thought it would be good.. . The service is mediocre, they serve prosecco (not champagne) and when I asked for a second glass of "champagne", my server said that I had to pay.  I had expected to pay since only one glass is complimentary.  She then told me that they had unlimited "champagne" for $8 which I said was fine.  She came back and said her manager told her they only offer that on weekends, so I would have to pay $9 for the glass.  I said that was ok.  She takes forever and then spills my champagne at another table and has to get a fresh one.  She finally returns with my glass of "champagne" and says that it actually costs $10 per glass.  At this point, I asked her what "champagne" they were serving and she said "prosecca".  I informed her that I wanted to know the label b/c there was no way that this particular glass of "prosecca" was worth $10 a glass.  She went back, got the name of the label for me (never heard of it) and then stated that the actual cost of the champagne was now $7 per glass.  She had mistakenly charged me for a champagne cocktail rather than straight champagne.  She then asked (albeit very nicely) that I had to pay the $7 now.  I was eating, so I asked if I could pay at the end of the meal.  She said that it was their policy to get paid for any "extra" drinks right away.  At this point, we were done with our meal (didn't eat much), paid for the glass of prosecco (still half left) and left.. . If you want an excellent buffet, check out the Sterling Brunch (Bally's) - it is hands down the best buffet in Vegas.  Also good are the Studio B buffet (at the M Resort) and the Wynn buffet.
Not amazed. Came here Sunday for brunch and nothing was good or amazing. Just ok.  There was a worm in the birthday girl's berries from the salad bar side.  No bueno.
They were closed from 2-5, What the Hell!!!! Trek all that way from Mirage and you're closed! What kind of Vegas stop are you!
Well I was SUPER excited to go try WS because of all the hype, alas I was SUPER let down. We walked in and were seated in a timely manner, the total for 2 ppl for dinner was 75$ with tax. WOW! No local discount either, boo!. . We are sitting there waiting for our server to take our drink order, and I was being inpatient so I just got up to go check it out. I was gone for about 10 mins and the lady had just took our drink order as I arrived. My bf goes up to get his goodies and I wait for my iced tea, I'm super parched so I didnt wanna try anything just yet. Well I sat waiting for almost 10 mins and I was like eff it!!. . Let me back up and tell you about my journey around the buffet itself. I started to the right, and seen sushi. I'm not a fan of fish or seafood really so I was like dang! I did get some shrimp roll thing though. Then I went onto the hot tables with all the pots, I got the gnocchi, some truffle potatoes, some shrimp thingy, some meat, and green beans. I then went on and got a caesar salad because the other had tomatoes and I hate tomatoes!  Some cod (I think)  and some bread. I then went and sat to enjoy my finds!! . . WELL I try the gnocchi first, and to me it was too "soft" it felt slimy-ish. I've had gnocchi many times and this was the worst! It was super salty and just not yummy! I then went on to the beef,  which was hella hella bland! I've seriously had better beef at Applebees! I looked for a salt shaker to no avail, then our lady FINALLY brings our drinks and I have to ask her for one. The salt really didnt help, so I decided th bunch the meat with the green beans. Finally something yummy... kinda. The green beans were literally the best thing there. I did have to add salt and butter though. So I then try stuff I usually NEVER eat, like seafood. The cod (i think) was tasteless, and the shrimp roll was no bueno! . . I'm still hungry ok, and I have like 3 plates of food that were 1/4th eaten bc I wasnt pleased at all! So I go back to get some more green beans... I finally figured out were they had the mac n cheese station and was EXCITED! The cook was super nice and made my yummies, so back to my table I went. Well I tried it and was yet again not pleased! WTF?! I couldnt believe it! I was in shock! I finished my green beans and went off to the desert area.. . I got the choco strawberries, marshmallow, some red velvet log, some choc mousse cup thingy, and a fruit thing (sorry, I'm not a foodie!!) Well I LOVED the strawberries, I actually loved it all! The marshmallow smores things were yummy and the red velvet (I think) log was also delish! I wanted to go back for more but my bf was pissed bc of the service (our server only checked on us 2wice and messed up our drink order) So we ended up leaving... STILL HUNGRY!. . Overall, the food is meh. Bland and tasteless IMO, the desert was totally yummy, and the service was shitty. I guess if I liked more of gourmet or had a wider palate I may like it, alas I do. I'm used to eating cheap and yummy so I'm ok with simple things. I may go back to try the brekkie or lunch, but who knows! It was def 75$ down the drain (literally bc I got sick later that night!!!!). . Next
So Wicked Spoon eh..... . Dont know what the hype is about this Wicked Spoon Buffet other than that it's new and in the Cosmo and has a price tag of about $40 for dinner. . . I'm gonna start off with the layout and presentation. The Cosmo hotel itself is every small and cramped and that is pretty much what the buffet looked like as well. Much of the food served was is these small tin cans ? Felt like I was in the Slammer being served jail food through my cell...  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=eqiFJ7qkX5dgwgooJ4SdGg&select=6QNDRT0wDwyala6eJ7fiFg. . Food: Blah !  I've tried WAY better. (Such as the M Resort Buffet) You would think since its a new Hotel that they would ante up higher on the quality of food... but no. . . Crab legs - looked more like shrimp legs. Korean short Ribs - since I am korean, any short ribs away from my  house or koreatown bbq buffets wont compare. . Meats- very small selection . Salad- I did enjoy the ceasar salad, also served in small jail cell tin cans. I would take 2 bites and get another tin can, Thats how small the jail cell tin cans were.. . Overall this buffet is a mess. I came along with two of my close friends and they agreed as well as we were discussing it while all sitting in the bathroom stalls taking our load off from this nasty food. I mean for the price tag you would expect alot more. I would rather go to hometown buffet than wicked spoon.... wickedly nasty.  . You want a real buffet in Vegas ? go to the http://www.yelp.com/biz/studio-b-buffet-henderson
In short, it's alright.. . Has an upscale cafeteria taste. Dishes are different than the existing vegas buffets. A little newer...but not amazing.. . People say the desserts are amazing, but they are just ok. Upscale cafeteria...again.. . If you're looking for wow, you may be disappointed. It's a little different than Bellagio...but not "wow".. . Btw, as of 05/08/2011, Mother's Day Brunch is $40. The unusual dish they had was bone marrow.
SO disappointed by Wicked Spoon!  I was reading all the raving reviews and drooling over the pictures for weeks before my trip to LV.  Boy, was I in for a sad surprise when I came here on Friday.  . . My friends and I each paid nearly $40 for dinner and were promptly seated at a booth.  I would recommend that you sit at a table instead for easy in-and-out privileges.  Ugh, we had quite a time getting up and scooting around for each other.. . Anyway, the food was OLD.  Seriously, a majority of the dishes that had sauce on them already had an ugly, old, crusty or filmy look and texture around 6:30PM.  That should be like the prime time for dinner, but they didn't put out fresh food for the longest time.  I get that sometimes business is slow, but if you keep leaving gross looking food out, who will want to eat it?  It's just a never-ending cycle, you know?. . I was super unimpressed with the variety of the evening.  A lot of the good food I saw on the Yelp albums were not available and nearly everything I ate was super buttery.  I like butter as much as the next person, but shouldn't there be a variety!?. . Also, for some reason the food made 3/4 of my girlfriends ill for the rest of the night.  NOT.  COOL.  We came to Vegas to stuff our faces, not to cleanse our colons!. . In terms of parking, try to park on the WEST side of the lot.  We parked on the EAST side and had to walk about 5 minutes to the buffet.  This is not an issue for me, but it's fair warning for those who are lazy or are with people with mobility issues.
Went for Saturday brunch with 8 others and it was such a disappointment. Paid so much for a buffet which was really dry, flavorless, and fruits either really sour or going bad.
Yup, that's right. Sadly, not even 3 stars. We came here for a Saturday brunch with 7 other people and definitely a disappointment. There was no prime rib available, only tri tip. Who would choose tri tip over prime rib?? Kudos for having leg of lamb, but still - don't ditch on the prime rib. That is a Vegas buffet NO NO.. . There was no line, and now I know why. Food is mediocre, despite the nice presentation, taste was just not there. The only good part of the buffet was the dessert area. Desserts were cute and tasted very good, especially the gelato! The gelato is the only thing saving this place. . . Service was also below par - our waittress disappeared for long periods of time and just didn't seem very happy with her job nor with serving us. Not going back. e v e r
Really, how did this buffet get so many good reviews? . In my opinion, spend your money at the Wynn or Bellagio Buffet.. . Great concept of individually portion sized pan servings but it was still too big for me to finish..  . The buffet is quite small compared to Wynn, the size of the venue could be compared to Rio's Seafood Buffet.. . I honestly didn't enjoy any of the dishes served.. Mac and Cheese Bar: Best station of the bunch, get to create your own.. Fried Chicken : more like a chicken wing without any batter, mashed potatoes were watery, tasteless. Blacked Cod with Hollandaise : sooo salty. Kalbi short ribs. Ok but too sweet for me. Gnocchi: Decent, soft and fluffy. Blt salad: All salads are already drenched in a pool of dressing.. . I loved the cheese bar! Not your traditional assorted cheeses (cheddar, jack, etc) but rather soft goat, brie and blue cheeses offered.. . Desserts: Good variety of choices. Chocolate covered strawberries with a choice of crushed Oreo's, peanuts or toffee. . Chocolate covered marshmallows with the same choices as the strawberries. . Fudge bars, ice cream, gelato, etc.
This place used to be SOOOO GOOOD. Now it's just crappy. :(
Underwhelming. Presentation was great bc they had individual portions for grub that people usually scoop out with tongs, etc. Service was terrible.  We didn't want anything to drink so asked for water - apparently that means we only want one pitcher of water and no one to ever come by ever again.  When they did take my previous buffet plate, they left half the food on the table - I didn't spill it from my plate, the waiter did. Disappointing.  Also, the chocolate covered strawberries were terrible.  They used all the ugly semi-old strawberries and covered it with chocolate.  Some of the noodles of some kind were cold and I'm pretty sure they weren't meant to be - because it didn't taste good that way.. . What's up with their sushi too?  Not a sushi bar/buffet but still, 2 or was it 3 choices is pretty limited and they were super dinky.. . I'll definitely be hitting up other buffets next time I'm in Vegas.. . dmo out.
Seriously 35 bucks a head?  The mac and cheese station was a cool idea, but seriously the mac and cheese was runny and it just didnt work, the desserts could of been richer and a better selection.  The salads were good, they had a marscapone infused polenta that was excellent.  No big shrimp cocktail, the crab legs were luke warm and not hot, its a nice dining area, servers were quick and attentive, but for the price this not a deal, or a buffet I will go to again.  The asian area only had 3 items, and the sushi selection was HORRIBLE, no ahi no sashimi or nigiri, the rolls looked lame and like something you would find at a gas station in barstow.
*This Review is for DINNER*. . DISAPPOINTING. . We came for their dinner on Saturday. The line for the buffet was not too long when we arrived around 5:30. This was my first time dining at this buffet. I have never heard about this place until then, but was told it received four stars on Yelp. So I was looking forward to some yummy all you can eat food.. . Sadly, no stuffing my face with delicious food occurred =( The quality of the dinner selection was substandard. Especially when it costs $35+ per person. The crab legs were dry. The bone marrow tasted funny. The Korean BBQ was extremely salty. They didn't have clam. Gosh, I can't even tell you what else I've tried since the food was so unmemorable. . . But one thing I do recall about the food is that this place tries to change things up. They would have a mix of unusual and/or exotic flavors for dishes. "A" for effort, but borderline "C or D" for the results. Some of the dishes just tasted weird. Or the spice was too overpowering.. . The only things that tasted good that evening was the cream of corn, strawberries, and green tea.. . Wicked Spoon also had an array of desserts to choose from. From ice creams to chocolate covered strawberries and variety of pastries. I tried the chocolate strawberries. They weren't bad. But after eating 3 of them, I was done.. . Customer Service: 5 Stars. From the cashier to the hostess, to our waitress, all of them were friendly.. . Would I suggest this place for Dinner? No. . . Try the Brunch/Lunch instead.
With all the rave reviews, I wasn't impressed with the overall food quality.  It does look nice but it doesnt taste very good.. . Korean Short Ribs - No flavor and tough.. Omelet - It was a mess.  The chef needs to go back to school.. Ratatouille - Served in a pot. It was okay but lacked flavor.. Eggs Benedict - Served in a tiny pot.  soggy bread, smoke salmon was okay, egg is obviously overcooked if served in a closed pot.  It would be better if they let the guest make there own benedicts while someone cooks the egg. . General's Tao Chicken - this wasn't that bad and would be the only thing i eat here.. Coconut Curry - Served in a tiny pot.  Overcooked.. Sushi - skip it.. Fruits - fresh. Desserts - nothing spectacular. . I won't be coming back here unless it was paid for.  I would pay a lil more just to eat at Wynn or Bellagio.
I don't understand why everyone is so positive about this buffet. We've eaten at the wicked spoon with the 6 of us today and all of us think that this is one of the worst buffets in Vegas.. The quality and choice of dishes does not meet up to the high price of this buffet.. The salmon was far from well cooked and had been on the warm plate much to long, so was the shrimp. . The carvery was pretty much the same as most low budget buffets and there was no steak or lamb chops or something like that which I think you may expect for the price they charge.. Also meat and fish stand right next to eachother which ruins the meat for people who don't like or can't eat seafood. . I will never visit this buffet again, I'll go to Spice Market at PH or the buffet at MGM instead.
I don't like the little pots that everyone else seems to be crazy about?. . I thought the food was bland and not as hot as it should have been. . . We cam for lunch. THere was nothing particularly special about the food. The service wasn't great either. The waiter came to our table once. And we had half a dozen "little pots" piled up!. . It was a pretty place. but the food wasn't even average.
Our first visit to the buffet was for Saturday brunch and we definitely left full, but was not that impressed =/. . Having the food in small single serving size is cute but you can't fit much on your plate! I found myself walking back and forth not knowing what to eat. Some stuff just looked too dry and overcooked. However, the prime rib, chorizo sausage, and salmon was delish. The dessert bar was just alright and not enough fruits for me to end my meal!. . The buffet concept was unique but overall just an average place. The Wynn's brunch by far is still #1 on our list :)
Located in the newest Vegas hotspot The Cosmopolitan Hotel, Wicked Spoon was more like Weak Spoon as my expectations for the establishment fizzled at my first spoonful. . . Offense number 1: There were no crab legs. Really? Why are there no crab legs? If Paris can do crab legs, why can't the Cosmopolitan do crab legs? In all seriousness, they have crazy (ugly) $500/night rooms and ridiculous $20-60 cover at Marquee, minimum $25/bet tables and you can't even foot the bill for my crab legs. The hell? . . Offense number 2: Bland food. From the eggs benedict to the deserts everything was bland city. . . While the food lacks taste, it definitely makes up in presentation. All of the food is nicely presented - from the glass case full of french styled mini deserts to the individual take out boxes and egg benedict pans - it definitely brings self-serve buffet and hour d'erves to a whole new level. Sadly the food is not nearly as good as it looks and I felt like eating the bag of chips in my purse more than the food that sat in front of me. And although the presentation was nice I found getting the food back to my table to be a pain-staking process as my plate was not big enough to house no more than two or three of these mini pots/pans/boxes. I don't know about y'all, but if I'm grubbing at the buffet, I am grubbing. Period. . . I will never return and encourage all my friends not to experience Wicked Spoon. It's not worth it. Save your money, do yourself a favor and eat at the Wynn Buffet or Paris. They're much better.
So much potential, but under delivered.  Bone marrow tasted like greasy fat.  Should have been toasty & nutty.  Crab legs were cheap snow crab and not king crab.  The server just pile it on your place, you can chose.  They were also dry and over salted.  The Buffet at Aria al least has one Maine lobster per person.  Their only saving grace is their prime rib is decent and their ice cream is good.  We would be back.
This was the fourth buffet we had within the last 3 days, I was so buffet out, so I was expecting some dim-sum, but when we got there it only had sticky rice wrapped in leafs, it was pretty good so I had two of them. Had two beef benedict, the beef was tasty and moist. Also had some mango gelato, those three were my favorites, the chicken wings were moist also, otherwise everything else was just so so. The desserts looked great but they were just too sweet and just ok.. . Some of the items come in small pots so the presentations were cute, otherwise I wouldn't consider this to be one of top 10 buffets.
I came here with such high expectations. It does have its good points and bad.. . Good -Small portions the food is always fresh. -the gelato.. yum :). -korean short ribs yum. -salmon thing yum. -little beignets but the sauce needs to be warmed. -service . . Bad. -miso soup and a few other items were very salty. -Lack of seafood. -Not as much variety. -premixed salad (I hate so much dressing). -I was so happy to see chicken wings but they were overfried... -Overal taste of the food was not impressive.. . Would I come back? prolly not.. I wasnt too impressed.. and not to mention I do dislike buffets and this was supposed to change my perception.. it did not
This buffet was great when it first opened, but has now fell off a bit over the past couple of months.  I also believe the price has gone up, yet the food quality has gone down.  Tourists might enjoy this buffet, but being a local...I will have to pass.
givemeabreak.  if only you spent as much time on taste as presentation... cuz its not the quality of  ingredients that are lacking.
I was super excited to try this buffet since the pictures made it look so good. But lo and behold, i was quite disappointed. . . The food was pretty mediocre. Below average even. The prime rib was decent BUT they had no au jus for it. What kind of establishment has no au jus for prime rib!?? this one.. . The salmon was normal. Little on the dry side. . . The kalbi was ok. Little chewy, but flavor was good. . The spicy tuna roll was good. Actually spicy with little rice. . The salmon roll was just ok. Normal. . Fried chicken was just ok. It wasn't dry. But the flavor was lacking. . Thai mango salad has a good flavor, but the noodles were raw. I think they coulda cooked it and just serve it cold, but it was actually raw. Blech.. . Mac and cheese was made to order. (Everyone said it was good, but I did not have it personally.). . All in all, I tried almost everything. And there was nothing I wanted to devour. I was disappointed with the food.. . The desserts, I must say, were quite pleasing.. . The gelato was super crazy good. All the flavors were good. The chocolate dipped strawberries were good. The fruit stuffed macarons were good. All the desserts were quite yummy. I  think I ate 5 of those mini chocolate waffle cones. The only thing worth mentioning was their dessert. . . Service was ok. Little slow. . . For about $44, I think I would rather frequent the Wynn or Bellagio buffet.
I didn't really like it, cuz it was lunch time and not too many choices plus expensive too.. 2 stars for Korean ribs Kalbi :-).... Almost all their customers was Asian too ( 99% out of 100%)I don't know why? I have no problems with that but was just weird tho... . . Will I come back? Never...
Heard so many great things about this place, but when I went for lunch on a Monday, it pretty much was a disappointment. Selection of foods was paltry and no seafood at all except for the cocktail shrimp which they put like three at a time in a little cup. Will give it another shot maybe for dinner next time though.
I was so disappointed with this buffet.  I heard great things, but we went on a Monday at 1100am for their brunch and it was not up to par.. . The service is good, but the food was disappointing.  I tried a lot of items, and the turkey and chicken adobada was dry.  The bacon slab was good, and the tri tip was great.  Everything else was a bit bland and tasteless.  It was nothing special above the M buffet or the Wynn Buffet.. . I think I might have to try the dinner, but as of my experience yesterday, I would not go back.
Highly anticipated because of the glowing reviews and left extremely disappointed!  The food was cold. It congealed on my plate. Expensive but the selections were not as good as Bellagio. Some of the food were bland like their macaroni & Cheese; the Korean beef was just too salty. The server took at least 15minutes to approach our table and slow at filling our drinks afterward. I rated it a "two" for trying but will not go there again.
The best thing about Wicked Spoon Buffet's offerings is their dessert but that doesn't make up for everything else that they lack. Everything else was pretty standard. Their dinner menu may be better but I'm not planning another visit.
The bottomless mimosas for lunch was ok like the food.  If my food wasn't comped I would have been even more disappointed. Yes, it's true that all the food is pre-portioned into cute cups, that didn't mean it was all quality. I found the fishes to be dried and overcooked. Salads were over dressed on dressing and lettuces would be soft and gross by the time I took it back to my table to eat. The soups were too salty. The clams and mussels weren't cleaned properly and were gritty, I thought it was best to stay away from any bivalves in fear of ending up with having to yelp an emergency dentist in Sin City. The desserts case looked good until I saw some gnats floating around.  I do have to say that our waiter was quite on top of clearing plates and refilling drinks. I can say that I won't be eating here again even if it's free.
With the money spent on the new Cosmopolitan, I expected nothing by unique and greatness from their hip named Wicked Spoon Buffet.. To set the mood.......Dissapointment. I am a foodie! Trained chef yada yada yada. I love great food and dont mind paying for it.. First is the decieving waiting line. Its not the real line, its just the line to pay and then go stand in line, wait time at lunch about 40 minutes, play on your smartphone.. Now the food. Their niche apparently is to serve most everthing in cute little one portion varying vesself from porcelain cups, plastic cups, little metal pots, skewers etc. But they give you at best a 8inch square plate to put these 5 inche round cupped servings = you can only get about three of these tapas sized portions on the plate and are forced to put not cupped item around the cups and touching the sides. The whole thing weighs about 4 lbs on your way back to the table and contains about 8 ounces of food. The shrimp items were delicious and actually tasted like shrimp and you did not have to peel the shells. Very few vegetables. I repeat very few. All of the fish was set out in this portion concept and I nearly choked from their dryness and overcooked status. Pizza right out of the wood fired oven is great, but when it sits out one lonlely slice under heat lamps you get it, dried out. The good. Salads were excellent and unusual, great little shrimp cocktails, mashed potatoes, sake turkey roast, hand carved country bacon, sushi very plain but decent, lots of food turnover on popular items, but the not so popular items sit, and sit.. Desert area is very unique with some real memorable items like giant white and dark covered strawberries that would go for about $3 each outside of the buffet. Good cookies, but seriously are you going to this buffet for cookies? I did not try the dim sum, or any of the breads. The stinger is the buffet cost about $24 including one alcoholic beverage that you cannot opt out of. While the concept is unique and you will probably not see another display of foods in this format, your appreciation of quality fine food will not permit you to return. In summary, novel concept, expensive for what you get, food choices limited compared to other Vegas fine buffets, and fairly long wait time. Too many trips of heavy plates full of tiny portions for $24 and I didnt want the Bloody Mary. Since a Bloody Mary the same size in one of their bars cost $12 the buffet would be worth $12.. Paris, is superior food for about 30% less money.
I revisited Wicked Spoon.  Sadly, although the service met my expectations, but the food was cold and seafood wasn't fresh.  Perhaps I came at the wrong time?  It costed too much not to be satisfied.
Wow, I was so utterly blown away about how disappointing this buffet was. I was expecting so much, but I was so let down. Maybe it's cuz we went for brunch... Maybe it was because my palette was all messed up... . REGARDLESS, the only thing good was the dessert, and even of the desserts, the gelato was good, the little cups of chocolate layered mousse and stuff was tasty, and ... that's it. The chocolate covered strawberries could have been better but I guess since strawberries aren't in season, they were meh.. . The service was pretty shitty. We were in a group of 13 or so, and so they tacked on a gratuity fee onto our charges. I guess that's they they didn't clear our plates as quickly we would've liked. We came back with more food to find that we had no places to put our new plates. . . Ugh.. i'm going to the Wynn buffet next time.
I had such high hopes for Wicked Spoon being that it's located in the newest and most trendy hotel on the Strip!  Then again, a lot of that "bling" factor about the Aria just transcends into Wicked Spoons...all looks, but that's all you've got goin for ya.. . The cousins and I had dinner on a Thursday night so, it was kind of slow.  It was $35.99 per person, which I thought was decently priced, but slightly lower than the buffets at the Bellagio and Wynn but, my expectations of the food quality were equal.. . While perusing the various stations of the buffet, the food looked flirtatiously delicious.  Just about all of the food were all portioned as individual servings and presented in their own plates and bowls.  Instead of dinner plates, they seriously should just have trays, so you can put all the items on, because you can barely fit four plates/bowls on one plate.  (On a side note, I'd HATE to be a busser, server or the poor dishwasher!). . The food offerings were unique as they offered Chicken Adobo, which had a Latin and Filipino influence, Bone Marrow which I had no clue how to eat, cooked to order Mac and Cheese.  I did like their salads and oh snap, who doesn't like freshly cooked Beignets with dipping sauce?!  But overall, the food was just okay, but a far cry from being considered mind blowing.  Again, the only positive about Wicked Spoon was the presentation, that's it.  I'm glad I got to try WS but, that's where it ends.  If I ever get dragged back, it's BS.. . The Bellagio Buffet is still the winner, winner...Chilean Sea Bass that'll melt in your mouth...dinner!
I seriously dont get why this buffet get all the hype? The food was just okay, it can  get better. They are trying to make this place too high class for a buffet. I checked out the shrimp cocktail, and it was two shrimps in this one little cup, seriously? The others are ok, the only two that I remember that was good was the green beans and the beef ribs. Deserts were just okay too, nothing to compliment on.. It wasn't as good as I expected it to be so I was really disappointed when I walked out from there.. I still like M Resort buffet way better :)
Two words: Don't go.  The food is mediocre and is replenished very slowly. One slice of prime rib, and then they run out by 7:00 pm. They didn't replace it for nearly TWO HOURS before we were ready to leave.   Thought those desserts pictures are cute?  Not that tasty!  Also,  my family of four got only 2 macaroons, and then they ran out. This was at 7:30. It's more like "First Come First Serve" restaurant, not a buffet restaurant!   The small serving pots are okay, and the macaroni is great, but for $40 per person? I think not! I'd rather go to the Rio. It costs $25 per person and the Asian food doesn't suck.
After reading over the reviews and seeing that it's rated 4 stars I decided to bring my family here for dinner to give it a try. But definitely made a mistake coming here for dinner. . . I hate to ruin the excitement for everyone since its the new "it" place to eat.. But I would advise you to go to some other buffet. I mean come on! It's VEGAS! There's a million and one other buffets here! . . To start off- we were pretty lucky to have only waited in line for about 25 mins. We came at 5:30 and got seated around 6. But dinner prices are $35 so we easily spent over $300 for our party of 8. . Walking in and seeing the decor, it looked nice and very promising. But that's where the good compliments end. . Walking around and gathering food- I realized there wasn't that much meat offered. Besides prime rib, lamb, short ribs, and crab- there really wasnt that much of a selection. Which is okay by me if the food is good. But it wasn't. The food was either too salty or too bland. There wasn't any inbetween leaving me to throw away half of the stuff I got. . Sooner or later I gave up and went to dessert. I was so excited to see a gelato bar and chocolate covered strawberries. But by the time we got in line for dessert the line for it was about 15 mins long. Not only that- but this place doesn't have that great of service either. We were constantly waiting for them to refill plates and even when they saw us wait for things- the serves wouldn't refill! . But I do have to admit- their gelato and their chocolate strawberries are bomb. . . So if you can have a whole meal off of desserts especially gelato and chocolate covered strawberries I would suggest you come during lunch. Otherwise I would definitely pick another buffet. Maybe the wynn or MGM?
one of the worst vegas buffets I have ever gone to in this price range.. . very rarely do vegas buffets charge extra during a sunday brunch for champagne...but the thing that hurts this buffet the most?  the food.  Although the styling is there, and the aesthetic appeal is definitely there, the taste isn't.. . and for this price? no crab legs? really?
One of my really good friends recommended I come here, so I stopped by for dinner. Overall, appearance is really nice, atmosphere is nice and buffet was really well kept. . The dinner buffet is about $35 a person, includes a drink and then when you're seated, this big fancy glass bottle of water for the table. Water is water to me. . My boyfriend and I immediately hit the buffet. From a glance, everything looked so good, as far as appearance. All their food comes in little pots and cute bowls/plates, I thought it was a nice touch. . They have A LOT of seafood! My boyfriend and I are not seafood lovers, we hate seafood, so already we felt like this was a mistake. They had a build your own macaroni and cheese bar which the chef makes right in front of you, it was really good, but thats about it. They had tons of sushi and seafood-esque items. They had a small portion of prime rib in the very corner and just two or three chicken and beef dishes. . Their dessert bar on the other hand was to die for! They have a gelato bar and all these adorable delicious desserts. Probably the best part of the night. . We left a little unsatisfied and still a little hungry because their wasn't much for us. Maybe it was the night we chose to come on (a Sunday), I don't know. . I will probably not return. On the other hand, if your a seafood lover, GO GO GO!
Absolutely disappointing! Even without all the hype attached to this buffet, the food was downright bad and mediocre with only a few dishes I would go back for. If this wad a $20 buffet it would be fine, but I shelled out 35 for this and even found a bug in my food.  . . Okay lets get all the bad over with.. . After running all over to grab food for my first plate, I look down at it to see a funny looking caper in my fennel salad...that caper was actually a small green beetle. Extra protein I guess...but unwanted. I showed my server...and the manager comes to check. She thanks me for telling them and asks me if I feel okay. That's it. Hmmm I expected a bit more...especially from a place like this. It really didn't help my first impression. I stayed far away from salads the rest of the time.. . The line was decently long even at 6. It was prolly because the first wave of diners just got seated. We ended up waiting over an hour.. . The food...only a few dishes that I liked. Everything else is passable. Don't even bother with the asian food. The sushi was worse than what you get at a grocery store and was falling apart. The cha sui was simply pork slathered in sauce. The pad Thai and edamame looked pretty unappetizing. The chat sui buns looked okay, but that's not what I paid 35 to eat. There wasn't a lot of great interesting things to eat, typical stuff, but nothing  I was amazed by. The mac and cheese bar is a good idea, but comes out really watery. . . Okay so here's the good.. . The decor is pretty nice inside. Definitely some nice touches in there. This was continued with the way they served the food. Portion sizes in small cute pots and pans and dishes. The dessert section was pretty good. Lots of interesting little scrumptous tarts and a great selection of gelato. Chocolate coffee tart, pecan pie tart, chocolate mousse with berries in a chocolate shell, beignets with jam, etc. Food I did like include lamb, risotto with short rib, gnocci with lamb, and mushroom polenta.. . Overpriced and overhyped. I wish I had saved my money and gone elsewhere.
What's Good:. -Atmosphere. -Gelato. -Customizable Mac n Cheese. . What's Bad:. -2.25 hour wait for Dinner (Monday Night). -Crab Legs were very salty. -Potatoes augratin we're dry. -Sushi rolls didn't taste right. -Sub mediocre prime rib. . Hopefully wicked spoon was just having a bad day. I may try the brunch some day, but only if the wait is reasonable.
Very disappointed!. . After winning a free buffet by signing up for the Cosmopolitan's Identity card, my boyfriend and I decided to splurge and visit the Wicked Spoon for brunch right before our flight back home. The price was pretty steep (about $35 for brunch, but I guess since it was Christmas Eve, they had to increase the prices), but we arrived right when they opened and didn't have to wait for too long. . . The service is probably the only good thing about this place. It was prompt, with the servers coming to take your plate away once you have finished, and refilling your drinks instantly. I was looking forward to the one free drink I read about from the other reviews, but I guess they don't do that for weekend brunches. The decor and ambiance really elevates the place, but unfortunately, the buffet was not up to our expectations.. . The food is portioned in little tins, which was a cute idea, but just weighed down the plate and made it heavier to carry back to our table. We went for brunch, and some of the food was good, but there were a few that fell short. My boyfriend particularly disliked the kalbi, which he felt was so chewy and salty that he had to spit it out because of how inedible it was. A few other foods we ate were also quite salty, so we had to return the plate full of food.. . The desserts were good, especially the gelato. But unfortunately, it isn't enough to make us return.
I usually eat buffets for  early lunch and late dinner when I am in Vegas so yes I know and love my Vegas Buffets.  That being said, I rarely eat at any of the Harrah Buffets.  Also you could not pay me to eat at a Luxor or Excalibur buffet.   I usually eat at Wynn for Lunch,  Bellagio for Dinner.  Alternate with M Buffet and Aria Buffet. . . Wicked Spoon Buffet was a great bang for the buck back in Dec 2010  when the price was very reasonable and competitive to standard strip buffet prices.   I would give them 5 Stars for my visit in Dec 2010. . . Now, you can no longer come in at 10:45a and pay breakfast prices for lunch like you can at the Wynn or majority of other buffets on the strip.   There is now a $20+ brunch price during the whole week.   I would not want to go here for early breakfast and pay the same price as for lunch. . . As a returning customer, I ate here again in May 2011 and also in Dec 2011.   Both times, it felt like they were in saving money mode.  I thought the food selection was average and I didn't feel like I got my money worth.  Piece of iceberg lettuce with a dab of french dressing on it in a mini dish plate is not what I would call special.   A piece of fried chicken drumstick on a mini-plate that was quite dry.   Sushi selection was just rolls.  No noodles were offered.   I think people who give this place 5 stars are fooled by the pretentious presentations.  . . If you are a big meat eater, then go to Bellagio for Dinner or heck go to one of the brazilian steakhouses just outside of the strip. . . If you like pretentious buffets who live up to their pretentiousness, then go to the Wynn.
This review is for dinner  - I ate here Dec 2010, June 2011, and Dec 2011.  My family ate here a couple weeks after their grand opening: hands down the best buffet on the Strip.  I was here in June with friends. Not as delicious, but compared to other buffets, still interesting choices and most contemporary as well as classic dishes and small plates.. . The family was very excited to go back.  On 12/27/11, we waited an hour for the $35 dinner. The salad section is half of what it used to be. The charcuterie section, decimated. Crab legs looked & tasted like leftover scraps from another buffet. The prime rib was fine, but the carver doled out slivers.  The Asian section was embarrassing - the kalbi was tough and the California roll had a thread of imitation crab running through it, and that was the only sushi selection.  The "pad thai" was half stir-fried - half of the noodles were still white.  The shrimp with grits was still good.  My meatball was lukewarm in the center.  Our server was the only bright spot, but we had paid the mandatory gratuity for a big group.. . The people in the restaurant actually looked glum.  The table behind us complained to management.  One table piled their plates with food and left - we imagine - in protest.  We raved about this place for a year and it was such a let down. Save yourself time, money, and frustration and go somewhere else.
Honestly when you go to Vegas you think of all the good food at the buffets! And for the price you are paying here you can get better. For $35 I feel like I didn't get my money worth plus the wait here is super long, even though I did not have to wait in line.  . . Wicked Spoon tried to be cute with their small little dishes that they offer but the food here is not tasty at all. The portions are really small so its hard to get full. The Asian section of the buffet was horrible. None of the food had flavor. . . The only thing that I recommend for this place is the bone marrow and the dessert. I must say their chocolate covered strawberries are SUPER good and the strawberries are huge. . . I will not come back to this place for their buffet. I would rather go to Wynn, Bellagio or even Planet Hollywood buffet.
I was so excited to try this awesome buffet and after seeing 4/5 stars and good reviews on yelp I thought this would be the perfect buffet for me since I have the sweetest sweet tooth.  Wonk wonk. Did not like! I was very disappointed. If you are a dessert lover... beware! If you are food lover...beware! It is just mediocre, you are paying for presentation and pretty decorations on your dessert.. . It was overhyped and did not live up to its reputation.  I honestly thought it was wickedly bad :[.....The food is just okay. The dessert is just okay. The chocolate covered strawberries were good but not enough to pay $35+ dollars for.  I give them stars for presentation.  But for flavor and quality this place is surely lacking.  . . I really really wanted to love this place since I was so enamored by the appealing yelp photos but i would highly recommend that you go to the Wynn buffet  or to the Bellagio buffet to get your moneys worth.  Also I just recently went to the M Buffet off of the strip and I think that place is more worth it than Wicked Spoon.
Only thing really exciting was the dessert section but I'm not too picky when it comes to my dessert.. Food was presented in a cute manner but it wasn't really conducive to stacking/piling thanks to the little pots. . . Stay away from the ceviche. It tasted TERRIBLE (alcohol-like and pungent) - I expected a lot more from a hotel like the Cosmopolitan.
I really wanted to like Wicked Spoon- the decor is amazing, the food presentation is spectacular, and the hotel it self is absolutely stunning. . . But the food...the food is just like any other Las Vegas buffet, except slightly worse? I was shocked myself, I had read such wonderful reviews, and I really looked forward to adding a new buffet to my Vegas must's. Everything was just okay- nothing stood out, and nothing made me go back for seconds. The smoked salmon had a lovely smoked flavor, and the mac and cheese was creamy without being greasy. Even the desert bar let me down- sure the chocolate covered strawberries were great, and the gelato (almond joy) was lovely, but everything else was not worth a second bite! . . The free champagne was great, and service seemed good, but I probably would not go back.
They've said it all. Like previous disappointed yelpers, i was excited to try this buffet, it's the newest, so i thought it may be the greatest. But i was damn wrong. The name is catchy, the decors and presentations of the food is cute but i'm there for the FOOD; and if the food is no good everything else pretty much doesn't matter.  . . Food is COLD! i get it, i get it that it's probably because they have it in small cutesy containers, but who wants cold ravioli, soup, or seafood. BLAH!  I think if they have thought it through, they probably should of come up with the conclusion that putting in small cute containers will not keep the food nice and warm for their customers, failed on their part. SELECTION of the food offered is VERY LIMITED considering its Vegas buffet. I finished walking the place pretty darn fast and my plate was still empty. I can't even remember what was the best dish i had because everything was so BLAH.  Do stay away from the tofu, vegetable thing, that was god awful. Super soaked in ginger. Nothing was good or memorable at all. I mean granted buffet food aren't suppose to be delicious, but there's always that ONE item you'll remember the most. Wicked Spoon doesn't even have that. Desserts is probably the best part of the buffet. Can't go wrong there. Gelato is good. The cute cakes and cookies are alright, but DO go for chocolate dipped strawberries. Ah, maybe that is their ONE thing their customers will remember.. . Overall, I would just go eat at the Bellagio or Wynn buffet. True, either of the two buffets have good food, but at least it's warm and they have a wider selection. Bigger selection pretty much is the whole reason why people go eat at buffets right? It's a good thing these buffets do not penalize those who waste food. I would hate to have to shoved all that cold, fishy food down my throat.
Jon & Jenny (joint review, due to the large amount of food we tried)-- Pffft. We were so deflated coming here. After 12 hours on the road, we were expecting this place to be worth the hype. When we hopped into the miraculously short line (and randomly ran into my high school friends), we thought we were in for a treat. And it was good. Don't get me wrong. But not excellent. With so many things to try, here is a succinct run-down:. . Prime rib:' Star of the show. Very juicy and tender.. Crab legs: Way too dry. Spent too much time under the heat lamp. Big let-down.. Shrimp Cocktail: Small and limp. Too much packaging hiding a mediocre product.. Gaspacho and almond cream soup: Call me old fashioned, but this was too far out there for us. . Bone marrow: Ho hum. You can't mess up bone marrow.. Char siu: We didn't expect it to be good. It wasn't.. Mac and cheese bar: great idea, but it just didn't work. The oil from the cheese separated during cooking and just made it a heavy trainwreck for the waitstaff to take away. . Fried chicken: blegh. Had better fried chicken at Ralph's supermarket. . Truffle au gratin: If you're in the mood for truffle, cool. But it was too heavy for us. . Cioppino: way too salty. We didn't finish this plate. . Polenta w mushrooms: strange, sour taste. . BBQ shrimp grits: Pretty decent. We went back for more.. Bread pudding: Again, blegh. . Gelato: not flavorful at all. And it tasted like gasoline slightly. . Beignets: novel concept, very nicely presented, but they were rather tasteless, like everything else. . Other assorted desserts: They looked great, tasted like nothing. . Coffee: Tasted like brown water. . . So in conclusion, kudos on presentation and the cute tapas-style plating. However, most of the food was either too salty, bland, or heavy. Nothing really made us want to get up for more, except the prime rib and the BBQ shrimp grits. So two stars for the hype and price, which did not meet expectations by a long shot.
How would I describe the taste of food at Wicked Spoon if I was asked? Bland. That's right, the food here tastes bland. Yup, I've made tofu that had more taste than the food here. I am only referring to the main dishes here, dessert on the other hand, is very good. It's pretty pricey for a buffet with food this dull, so stick with Paris or Bellagio buffets, they are much much better.
We went for a Sunday lunch buffet and stood in line for close to 2 hours before got a table for 2. We had dinner at Bellagio buffet the day before so the comparison is evident.. . Positive points. 1. This is less expensive compared to Bellagio but that was a dinner buffet.. 2. There were some additional breakfast items like pancakes, and a omelet station.. 3. There were more chicken dishes.. 4. Couple of Morroccon dishes. . Negative points. . There were many common dishes between the two buffets but each one tasted much better at Bellagio. The sushi station at Wicked hardly had any options. The meat section was not that impressive. The dessert section looked more colorful than flavorful, it was not amazing.. There were different colorful flavors of the same style in shot-type glasses and there was icecream, which had a really long queue in front.. but again the Bellagio buffet was much better. . . Had we not gone to Bellagio the day before would have given this place a much higher rating. Did not meet our expectation.. . The serving dishes and bowls, decor, style and presentation is great, worth mentioning, however the food was lacking.
What's the hype about bone marrow? I'm Chinese and eat all sorts of weird things, but Wicked Spoon's version of bone marrow is DISGUSTING. Unless you like eating fat gelatin. In that case, come over to my house and I'll give you the drippings from my cooking. For free. You don't even have to pay me $35, unless you want to.. . For being so highly rated on Yelp and Top 10 lists and everything, I expected much better. I hope you guys aren't rating on decor alone because frankly, eaters could care much less. With that said, the decor is pretty snazzy.. . But the food!! This is Vegas! Buffets are supposed to be GOOD! For $35, I expected much more than cheap Asian food like California rolls and char siu baos, which only cost 25 cents anywhere else. And tofu? That's worth like $1. The crab was skinny and dry. The prime rib was unimpressive and dry. The cut fruit was good but come on, it's just cheap fruit...pineapple with lihing powder and some other stuff.. . The only thing worth any hype at all is the French beignets with chocolate syrup (I must've filled up on like 10 of these, since nothing else was that good) and the desserts and gelato. But no creme brulee?. . I think I'll stick with the Paris and Rio buffets. To all you people who gave this a good rating, were you drunk? Have you never had other Vegas buffets?
Very disappointed with this buffet but I guess I have to blame the economy.... . The hubby and I decided to come to this buffet because he knows I love being at the Cosmo and it's suppose to be the " best buffet on the LV strip "...  SO WRONG!. . 1. We opted to pay extra for the all you can drink mimosas. When we were seated the waitress asked what we wanted to drink and of course we asked for our mimosas. The waitress didn't even check our receipt and said rudely,"you have to pay extra for that." I was like, NO SHE DiDNT... . . 2. The food was BLAH... I guess that's what I get for having high expectations. I would probably pay $15 or $20. Not $40 (with the all you can drink mimosas with out its $32-$34, I don't remember exactly). . 3. The ONLY 2 things I would go back for are the chocolate covered strawberries with toffee and for their version of the banh mi ( a Vietnamese sandwich ) .. . I really wanted to love this place cuz its in my favorite hotel (for now) and cuz of the other reviews that I have read but I really can't. I don't think my hubby and i will come back.... . =/
This is my rating for the lunch buffet. As spectacular as everything looked, it was really a hit or miss on all the dishes. The Pho was disgusting. The best was to describe it is oily water with a hint of beef. The egg on the Eggs Benedict was very very undercooked and the english muffin was soggy. I did enjoy their smoked salmon among a few other things. The dessert bar was disappointing only because they had one poor poor girl working by herself. She had to juggle scooping sorbet and ice cream while making sure all the dessert trays were filled. . . I want to give this place another try, but for dinner.
How the hell did this buffet get so many stars?? It sucks. It sucks oh my god it sucks. Where they do get the two stars is one for the crab legs and two for the fact I know their food is fresh and not left over night. We were there late enough to where they started the nightly clean up and we saw trays and trays of food tossed into the trash.
The presentation of the food was beautiful, but generally, the tastes left little to be desired....mostly dry & underseasoned.  To me, not worth $35/pp.  Having said that, if you think it's worth $35 for a mac-n-cheese bar and fantastic desserts, you're in for a treat. :)
This place was just OK. We only went once for breakfast, and tried to like it. The presentation of all the food was excellent, but sadly, every single item I tried was cold. We were there around 8 am and in my opinion, there is no excuse for cold food so soon after opening when there was a line to get in.. Good points were bottled water on the tables and very pleasant servers.. I'll try it again next trip, but hope it is much better.
Not usually a big buffet fan, but I thought this place was pretty cool since each food station is indiviually served in little pots or pans or baskets. So no one can pick through everything.  Only problem is that everything was so salty! And on top of that some of the pasta dishes and vegetables were dried out.  As if its been sitting under the heat lamp since lunch time.  The place wasn't fully packed and there was a huge line after we waited to get seated.  I dont understand why they didnt fill up all the tables.  Maybe not enough servers or food or cooks to completely serve every patron. But overall, it was a nice buffet. Would I go back? Not really. I still think the Wynn buffet has better food.
This place isn't worth 30 bucks a head. They don't tell you that you have to wait in a massive line after you pay, the food is just okay and the service, while nice, is slow as shit. The best thing they offer is the chocolate dipped strawberries but, honestly, my five year old couldn't even fuck that up. You're paying for the chandeliers and the bullshit. If you've ever had a nice meal in your life, this place should be a pass.
I went here this past weekend because people were telling me this place is better than any other buffet places in vegas. So i gave it a try and to me it was disappointing. The food wasn't tasty at all and I was honestly expecting more variety of food there compare to other hotels. If i were to pick a favorite part of the meal, it would be nothing. And the service was bad as well. I would give this place only 2 stars.
I wanted so BADLY to experience this buffet and my hubby finally gave in the day before we left Vegas and I was excited since I heard such great things on Yelp about this place but I was disappointed I don't know if we came on a off day or what cause it SUCKED... the food wasn't anything to write home about frankly I had better and it looked pretty bare. The only thing that made it worth the trip to The Cosmo was my hubby winning 600.00 dollars at the Casino. So the one star for that and one star for the dude bringing our drinks he was cool and kept them coming.
After reading all the reviews I thought I was in for a treat, boy was I wrong.  It seems like a popular place, lots of people and a long line.  The selection was ok, typical buffet, with a few extra options and a mac n cheese bar.  It's just the food quality was poor.  I can usually eat about anything, but at the wicked spoon, I couldn't find anything that was good.  It just seemed like cheap food.  Just gross. For 35/ person totally not worth it.   . The only decent options were the Mac and Cheese bar and deserts.  Ask yourself how hard is it to make Mac and Cheese?  If that's your best prepared meal you have some issues.
We ate here this morning for their brunch, and I didn't think it was good at all. I even told my bf that we should of went somewhere else. Oh well it was bearable. The best part of it was the desserts, and some of the asian food. I definitely want to try it again for dinner.
Disappointing experience. I was really looking forward to trying Wicked Spoon, especially because the food comes in these small portions in a little skillet.. . Perhaps we went on an off-nite because the selection was extremely limited. Where was the little skillets of mac n cheese? Where were the king crab legs? (We got anorexic snow crab). Where were the huge prawns for the shrimp cocktail? $35++ per person and just a very limited selection of seafood = fail. . . Everything else was just potatoes and pasta in the little skillets.. or carb fillers as I like to call them. I wish I went back to my favorite Aria buffet instead.
$50 for two. So not worth it. Even if i was a obese tourist. Not worth it.
This was not the much ballyhooed buffet I'd been reading about. Who are these people who thought it wasterrific?  I have been buffet dining Vegas style for many years and this one is just in the ho-hum category.. . We had the lunch buffet on Monday March 26 which was not crowded.  Not much of a salad bar to speak of.  Caesar salad and shrimp cocktails were served in small individual dishes.  There was a good variety of fruit but the bread selection was sparce.  They had a toaster set up on the counter to toast your own bread which I've only seen in those motel breakfast included places.. . Eggs Benedict were cold and the egg white uncooked.  I was afraid to take more than one bite.  French toast was cold too.  Bacon was palatible.  Hash browns with cheese & carmelized onions was very tasty though.. . Main courses were served in the individual small pans such as mac & cheese, raviolli, chicken wings etc. Prime rib was just so- so..  I've had better at the coffee shop at Silverton!  . . Desserts were terrific though.  This was the shining moment of the meal.. There was a small pastry floating in delicious caramel sauce, lava cake, chocolate mousse, cheesecake, pecan tarts & apple tarts.  All were deserving 5 stars.. . The Three of us in our party all agreed on one star for the rest of the buffet.  Decor was drab with subdued lighting casting a dingy look.  For the finest buffet we've had, go to Mandalay Bay.  In our opinion it's the best on the strip!  This one won't get a return visit from us.
Tried this buffet for dinner based on the wonderful reviews here on Yelp.  Wasn't impressed - long lines at the main course table, and by the time you picked up the little individual serving of vegetables and made it to the meat or chicken station everything on your plate was cold.. . The variety and recipes as noted here are different and that's definitely in keeping with the Cosmo atmosphere - if you bring kids and they want pizza, chicken fingers and the like, you're out of luck here (and that's totally cool, just be aware).  Pizza is there, but it's white clam pizza, Mac & cheese is there but it's "angry" - with a spice kick.. . All in all, the actual quality of the food was subpar, the offerings were lukewarm to cold, and the drink service was glacier slow and uppity - geez, it's a BUFFET, no need to be all snooty.. . Glad we tried it, but still prefer the Wynn, Bellagio and even Mandalay Bay.
Don't believe the hype!. . Yelp says 2 starsis "I've experienced better" and I think that about sums it up. This place has some flaws that could be corrected pretty easily which would make for a better experience overall.. . Came here for dinner on 4/14/2012. I didn't know that it didn't open until 5pm so we had to wait. Hey, that's fine if it's going to be as good as everyone says then no problem. So we waited about 40 minutes for it to open and then maybe another 30 minutes in line to pay. Then we waited another 5 or 10 minutes in another line to be seated.. . That's more lines than Whitney Houston has done. Just kidding, she's done more than that.. . Once seated we waited for our drink server/busboy to come and offer us drinks. I hate that because it's pointless as all I intended on drinking was the water provided at the table already. He comes, he's nice and he pours water into our glasses.. . Now onto the food. I guess one of their things is to serve small portions so people can try a lot of stuff and that's a cool concept that I don't have a problem with but I think it hurts them a bit in some respects. A perfect example being the prime rib which was sliced so thinly that by the time I got it back to my table it had cooled down too much. Other dishes seemed to be cool as well for no reason I can think of other than them not being warm enough to begin with. Another fail was the labelling which more often than not was turned towards the employees and not those dining. I'd assume it was so they could know what went where but it sure would've been nice for us to know what we were eating. To me that is a real bonehead move that can easily be corrected.. . I made only two trips to the buffet of dinner and one trip to the desert buffet.. . Asiago stuff gnocchi in a lamb ragu: By far the best dish I had. Cheesey, tasty and filling goodness and one of the dishes that was probably at the correct temp.. . Spaghetti with veal meatball: The sauce was weak and I prefer my noodles cooked a bit less. The meatball was unimpressive. Overall a poorly executed dish that sounded good.. . Pork tostada: Cold and in no way yummy.. . Angry Mac N Cheese: Not very angry at all but probably the second best dish I had.. . Green curry noodles and eggplant: I really don't know if this tasted how it should taste as this isn't something I would normally eat. It wasn't bad but wasn't too good. The noodles appeared to be the same as those used in the spaghetti. The best part was probably the presentation in the adorable little chinese take-out box.. . Bone marrow: This was really lacking and disappointed. Unimpressed and for those that took the opportunity to try it for the first time I could see how this would be their last time. If you're going to introduce marrow to the masses then do it right.. . Dinner roll tasted like a dinner roll. How daring of me.. . None of the deserts I had blew my mind. They had gelato which looked good but I didn't try it. I had some purple thing which looked like some sort of cookie but turned out to be one of the grossest things I've consumed in a long time.. . Be advised that if walking in from the strip it's a bit of a walk. It seemed like we walked a few blocks but who knows. Dinner was certainly not worth the walk in my opinion.
The only really good thing about this buffet is the gelato. Oh my goodness, hands down best gelato in a buffet in Vegas!  That alone gives the place 2 stars.  Other than that, brunch buffet is expensive and forgettable.  Go to Wynn or M Buffet if you want a "fancy buffet."
This place is just like the other buffets that you can get for $15 less up the street. There is nothing novel here aside from trying to be "hip". . . My confession is i HATE buffets. I hate cold food, and i hate "fake" gourmet food. Check, Check, Check. . . The waiter has to be asked twice for coffee.. all they do is bring drinks.. really.. we can't get juice and coffee down? And no offer to give us our mimosa or bloody mary which i didn't even know was included.. . The waffle i had (pecan waffle) was GOOD but freezing cold. Not worth the 30 minutes walk from venetian.  (as i had a waffle, bacon, sausage, fruit and a spoonful of gelato.. that's all they give you, a spoonful). . In short, if you're going to eat at a crappy buffet, pick a place that's much cheaper, you're getting the same crappy food!
First and last time we come here.. . This buffet just didn't do it for us...mediocre food. . I'm really not  a picky person when it comes to food, but I honestly didn't care for it. . . We left disappointed and went to the Bellagio's buffet the next day for dinner, much better.
Came here for dinner on a Friday afternoon around 530 or so.. No waiting in line, which was great and totally unexpected. First impression - layout was nice. The food.. well that's a different story. . . I had high expectations for this place.. Especially from the word of mouth to the yelp reviews.. However, I was highly disappointed. . . I tried a little of everything they had to offer  - fried rice, spicy orange chicken, Korean  style pork, crab legs, fish & chips, Mac and cheese, salmon, another type of fish, and a bit of the salad bar offerings.. All were mediocre at best! . . Desserts were good, and they had plenty of choices.. But again, nothing spectacular. . . We paid $35 for dinner. For this price, I'd recommend going to Bellagio.. Don't think I'll be making another visit anytime soon.
Christine G and Sheila M nailed it in their reviews... We tried the Wicked Spoon based on word of mouth and stellar Yelp reviews also, but I was very disappointed. At $35 pp, it's not cheap, and I really was expecting better quality food. . For that price, you do get to choose from an extensive variety of higher-end food items, but it's all merely average, and certainly not "chef quality". I would compare it to some of the better cruise ship buffets that I've experienced, but that isn't a compliment. . . Though supposedly known for having unique Asian dishes, Wicked Spoon's sushi, Korean, and other Asian items were sparse and unappetizing. The gazpacho was bland, beet salad was decent, crab legs were ok, prime rib was very dry (borderline inedible), fruits were old/bruised, and the desserts were forgettable.. . Luckily, our server was very attentive and friendly, so that salvaged the evening for me.. . Wicked Spoon is overpriced and clearly values quantity over quality. It's sad to see the huge amounts of food being thrown away because it doesn't taste good, with homeless people just steps away from the front door... Would not return
Maybe I came on the wrong day or time or something, but I want my $36 back. . . Usually, when I'm at a buffet (esp one in Vegas), I need to make 3 trips back just so I can try everything (THEN decide what I like and get more of that!) lol. But on my 2nd go around, I was like...umm, ok cheese and crackers, uhhh what else is there. I felt like I tried everything I wanted and there wasn't much else. I was scrolling through pictures here and half the items shown were not there when I was there. . . I went for lunch so maybe thats why some things weren't out, but none the less I was not impressed. However, I did enjoy the gelato, and some of the desserts; they did have a lot of selection. I also thought the decor was nice and glad we were seated right away.. . I left full, but not satisfied. I'm sad I wasted my Vegas Buffet here. Try dinner- hopefully it's different.
We ended up eating at Wicked Spoon because we thought it would be a nice experience with good variety of delicious and unique food. I was sorely disappointed.. . We went over the memorial day weekend so it ended up costing a little over $40 plus tax per person. I wouldn't have minded the price, but the food was very sorely lacking.. . Ultimately buffets are about the variety of the food and, in this case, the quality. . . The good:. Beautiful desserts, lovely presentation. gelato, fresh macaroons, cookies, marshmallows, cheese cake, etc. Modern decor, attentive wait staff. Good lemonade and orange juice. . . The bad: . Value/Uniqueness -Nothing out of the ordinary. Far too expensive for what you get. I would not pay more than $25 for this stuff--even for Vegas.We came for bruch and the selection was very sub par and unremarkable. Pancakes, fresh toast, omellete station, breads, 2-3 cheeses), cereal and fruit. Nothing worth $40. They didn't have a belgian waffle section, or  any out of the ordinary breakfast offering. Very sparse and a major disappointment...and I LOVE breakfast food. . . Variety - The lunch food selection is what really upset me. My fiance is big on meats and there were hardly any meats there (lamb, pork ribs, and tri tip), poor selection of salads, vegetable options, and general main dishes. I felt like I was eating a bunch of side dishes and fillers (i.e., mac n' cheese -not that great, risotto, pizza, spaghetti--seriously?), A big beef was that  their sushi  was no better than what you can get at the market--not fresh, dried out, flavorless. On top of that, the little Asian foods they had were also inedible. . . I really wanted to love Wicked Spoon. It had so much potential and had really great reviews. I am guessing most of these people were just there for the dessert, cause that's all I saw that was worth eating.  It just really let me down. I'm sorry, my fiance gave this place a shot for me cause he knows I like pretty food, but I really owe him a buffet at the Bellagio. Wicked Spoon, you really let me down. It's embarassing. We couldn't even enjoy our food. I even lost my appetite because the food was so bad. Considering it was Memorial Day weekend, I can't imagine what disappointing menu they normally would have for a cheaper price. HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT. If you don't mind shelling out 35-40 for cute little desserts then go ahead, but otherwise I'd skip this place and do the Bellagio buffet instead.
Was in Vegas for Memorial Day weekend and after seeing endless advertisements for the bets buffet in town - I was persuaded to try Wicked Spoon on my last day.  One of the things on my to-do list was a champagne brunch, so this seemed fitting before my departure.. . It was a bit of a shock that brunch with drinks was $48 a person, but I told myself it would be worth it for the best buffet in town.. . This was my first and last visit to 2 Wicked Spoon.  We sat down and waited a few minutes to order champagne before heading up for our breakfast round of brunch.  Personally, I enjoy eggs at brunch, the only eggs to be had were if you waited in the omelette line, so I did - for 15 minutes.  I returned to our table to find my boyfriend being reseated.  When I asked why he pointed to the right side of his body covered in coffee - yep that's right the waiter tripped and spilled coffee all over him. I told the waiter how disappointed I was and he got his manager - all she could offer us was a $40 gift certificate to the Hotel.  She also didn't seem too concerned with our dissatisfaction.  . . The food was also disappointing, they were running out of items left and right.  I really wanted to try the tri trip, I was offered the leftover fatty scraps, but I opted to wait the 15 minutes for a fresh piece of meat.  I was also excited to see Mac 'n cheese, I love the stuff, however this Mac n cheese I was thoroughly disappointed with.  It was bland and a bit cold - ick!. . All around, subpar food, crappy service and too high of a price point.
My boyfriend and I went here for brunch early on Sunday before heading to the airport. We were seated quickly and were told our server would be with us right away. The man who seemed to be in charge of our section (serving every other table around us) did not stop to ask if we wanted drinks, didn't even look at us. Half way through our second plate a lady came by and asked how we were doing. I told her no one took our drink order, so she cleared our first plates and brought us drinks. I'm glad she was able to help us but was confused because she appeared to be a busser and wasn't serving any other tables. I couldn't understand why the other server was completely ignoring us while taking everyone else's drink order as soon as they were seated. Honestly, my boyfriend and I were the only non-caucasians in the section during our meal. It bothers me to say this but I'm convinced that's the reason why we weren't being served by this particular person. Totally ruined the last part of our trip for us... Wouldn't return nor would I recommend to family or friends for this reason.. . As for the food... it wasn't bad but I wasn't blown away either. The angry mac & cheese, pork belly buns were tasty but a little on the cold side. There wasn't a very big selection and I was expecting more from the desserts based on other reviews. Definitely wished we had gone somewhere else on our last day.
The service was spectacular, the food, not so much. My husband and I were excited to try a new Vegas buffet and were very disappointed. A lot of the dishes looked and tasted like they had been sitting out too long and the plates were so hot at some stations they burned my fingers. The Buffet at the Wynn is 100 times better and less expensive. The presentation is nice, I just wish the taste would have equalled how pretty the food looked. To be fair the deserts were very good.
I had very high expectations for this place and I really tried to like it, especially because it was right downstairs of our hotel, but I've honestly had better buffet at cheaper prices elsewhere. First of all, it cost around $40 each for this single meal, so our group of friends were expecting to be blown away. The decor is fancy and all, but what really determines a buffet for me is the taste of the food.. . All the food was nicely plated and had tasty sounded description cards, but there were quite a few things that I felt that a buffet of this fame should be able to easily cook right. The New York strip steak I had LOOKED medium rare, but it was tougher than being well done! The egg benedict that I had was UNDERCOOKED...the egg white was undercooked to the point where it was still liquid-y and mixed together with the yolk when I split the egg open. Disgusting. The macaroni and cheese was bland like they tossed pasta with just heavy cream or something.. . However, I will give credit to Wicked Spoon for their dessert options. They had good gelato (I had the tiramisu and toffee) and their chocolate desserts were served in cute chocolate molds. There were several options of chocolate-covered strawberries, such as ones that had been rolled in Heath Bars or Oreo cookies. . . Overall, the dessert was the highlight, but I would not pay $40 for under/overcooked food again.
The food wasn't that great. You'd see something that looked good, take one bite of it, and let the server take it away. Because the food wasn't satisfying, I kept eating more and more to compensate, which resulted in me feeling nautious for the next hour.. . The redeeming parts were the deserts and the free Buffet Liquor (Mimosa, etc.). The deserts were very tasty.
I don't know why this place is so highly rated and raved about.  One of the most disappointing buffets I've had in Vegas (and I've tried almost all of them).  The type of food is higher notch thanmost Vegas buffets.  Items like BBQ shrimp with grits, pappardelle noodles with beef, lamb ragout, gnoochi with shrimp, roasted lamb, even bone marrow.  Although the items were of a more gourmet taste, the flavors of almost all the dishes were completely lacking.  They had the right idea but it's just not executed well.  My entire party agreed that almost all the food was bland.  The only saving grace was the dessert buffet.  The desserts were very good and the gelato was great.  For around $45 per person, the Wynn buffet is a far better option.
Disappointing! Wicked Spoon gets 1 star for their omelet bar and 1 star for their shrimp cocktails/salmon selection. . . I came here for brunch and the omelet bar was probably the best selection for a solid meal. The cooks at the bar were really nice and gave me extra mushrooms and avocado so I had a GIANT omelet. I felt like I should have ordered a smaller portion so that I could try other things but everything else was poor in quality and taste that the omelet really held me over. I probably got most of my money back from eating all their random salmon options and shrimp cocktail cups. . . All the other hot foods were subpar and their wicked chicken wasn't impressive either. Their dessert bar isn't as extravagant as it appears since half of it is just sugar-free options of the same desserts. They do have a gelato bar though, but don't get the blood orange flavor because it has a weird taste and left my tongue feeling all numb. . . The line is also ridiculously long so you might want to prepare other options.
Had brunch today here, the pastas seemed all crusted and stale. They ran out of straws..are you serious? I had to wait 30 minutes to get a straw so I could sip on my juice. Im mad.
We were here for dinner and I have to say I wasn't very impressed.  The presentation was good but the quality of the food was below average for what we paid.  I wouldn't come back.
Normally I just read others reviews instead of writing my own unless I really like the place or the other way around.  However, Wicked Spoon is the other way around.  This place totally not worth the dollar that we paid.  For $40 per person, I rather go to a better restaurant in Vegas and pick the dishes I like and well prepared!. . First of all, we went to Wicked Spoon on Monday night, we waited for 10min and got seated.  The service is just okay and got what I need.  However, I guess we are so lucky that maybe the regular chef are on their holiday and the food whoever prepared is not good at all..... . First I tried the Prime rib, I've never ate a prime rib that is so bad.  It's over cooked.....It was hard and dry...20 min later, I tired another slice from another batch.  Too bad, it's the same as the first one...hard and dry.  I give up on the Prime rib... and tried the Roast Lamb leg.  The chef cut a slice in the middle and it was RARE & RED.  I don't mind it's rare but it's too hard that I can't even chew or swallow ...FAIL!. . Also, there's a long line waiting for the chef to make shrimp/clam/mussel, at least 10 people in line all the time waiting for 1 chef to prepare them for you.  You only get a small portion and I feel bad to ask for more so I line up again....That's 10-15 min of wait each time I line up.  I can't imagine how you can get the food during weekend.... . Moreover, their choice of food are very limited.  No sushi/sashimi/seafood.  What they have are only small crap legs and sushi cut rolls with lots of rice who try to fill you up.  If you are looking forward for seafood or Japanese food/sushi, stay away from here.. . Lastly, their dessert are okay.  Mostly chocolate related, cakes and around 10 different kinds of Gelato.  However, I would also like to see some  melons.  (They have it but with cheese on top....Blah). . Overall, if this place cost $20-$25, I will give it a 4 stars.  However, it's $40 and I have much higher expectation from what I paid.  I would suggest to skip this place or at least dinner because it totally not worth the price you pay.
For all the praises and 5 star 4 star reviews I thought going to this joint would be a slam dunk.  In fact my siggy and I were really waiting to try this place  based solely on the Yelp reviews. This time YELP has failed.  . . As I sat there eating the Chef Boyardee spaghetti and meat ball and wondered what in the world do 5 star 4 star reviewers  eat at home.  To be fair the deserts were ok, but nothing spectacular.  I also didn't notice any Korean ribs that so many others experienced.  Perhaps they changed the menu.  I tried the Japanese rolls and to be honest, if I were a restaurant manager I would have thrown these out as they had obviously sat too long and were dry and tasteless with too much overcooked rice.  The pork ribs were over seasoned where you could not appreciate the meat itself.  In fact it felt like I was eating pure seasoning and ended up spitting it out.  To prank my companion I told her it was delish.  Poor lad ........I won't be getting any tonight...The General Tso's was a salt bath, the beef brisket ice cold and the pizza over cooked.  Where do I begin?    It was all just a bunch of "buffet" food with no winners.  The savior was the cappicola, pepperoni and brie cheese with their good breads.   Ditton on the bone marrow......super greasy decadence.  I could only eat one it was so rich.   1.5 plates and done. I will not be back.  Way too many good places top this so buyer beware.  Oh, actually Boyardee makes tastier stuff than that mini tin bucket of Ragu I just ate.
I had high expectations for this place. I went on a Monday for dinner and half of the food was not hot! One pet peeve I have is food that is not piping hot when served. Unbelievable! The variety was okay but only a few dishes were up to par. Definitely not worth the $80 for two people to eat dinner. =(
Food was cold and dry, waffles over cooked, pancakes under cooked, price of $30 for brunch DEFINITELY NOT WORTH IT.. . Better selection of desserts, but odd combinations of fruit soured their taste.
We ate there tonight after reading all the yelp reviews.  We were trying to find something better and different than our regular Bellagio.  I was a bit disappointed because most of the items written about and pictured here were not offered. I'm not sure if a limited menu was offered because it was a weeknight.  Weeknight and weekend night prices are the same ($35) so the menus should be comparable.  I was really looking forward to some items other yelp reviewers enjoyed.  Some of the items I noticed were missing from the buffet included: pad thai, sesame chicken, mussels, pork buns (although the guy told me it was a morning menu item), tacos al pastor, macarons (i don't care for them but i know many people love them and they were missing from the buffet), the little painted egg shell dessert cups, fried chicken, sweet potato fries, mac 'n cheese bar, chicken apple sausage, kalbi, head on shrimp (really wanted this one), and many others.  In fact, I didn't think there was anything on the menu worth the $35. The best items were the corn on the cob with cilantro butter and the watermelon w/feta.  I still feel the Bellagio buffet with the Chilean sea bass is a better deal. Plus Bellagio serves several more expensive buffet items and provides a nicer variety.  . . I was also pretty annoyed by all the individual dishes and pans.  The pans were bulky and heavy to carry.  At a buffet, I often like to take just a spoonful of a dish to try before fully committing.  Many of the dishes were too much of a commitment.  I wanted to try the pappardelle but I didn't want to take a whole pot of it.  The tables were also too small for so many dishes.  To give the staff credit, they did a great job clearing the tables.   While trying to juggle and arrange everything on the table, I dropped my fork and our server came right over to replace it.  The bottle of water at the table was nice but it was poured into a tiny glass with no ice.  It's August in Vegas and I wanted cold water.  After refusing the bottle of wine, I was surprise the bottle was left on the tiny table, taking up precious table real estate.  . . We wanted to try something new this time around.  We usually eat at an on strip buffet at least once while we visit Vegas because it's not a trip to Vegas without a Vegas buffet.  Our other meals are usually is off the strip. We initially wanted to try the Wynn buffet because we've never tried it but went with Wicked Spoon instead.  I've eaten at Studio B, Spices, Lago, Carnival, Village Seafood, Le Village, and Bellagio.  It seems like I eat at Bellagio at least once every time I'm in Vegas.  (I just ate there two weeks ago when I was last here).  We don't always eat at buffets.  I had a great meal at Social House in the Crystals shopping center and had a great hot dog at Pink's during my last visit but buffets always seems to be the easiest meal option when you're with a larger group or with a picky eater.  I don't eat nearly enough to make buffets worth the price. But I do try to make up for it by eating the more expensive items like seafood or duck.  . . The buffet it not terrible but not great.
For $35/person but no olysters or sahimi?  No way!  It's just not worth it.  I dont understand why it's rated four stars.  If you put aside the dessert, it's a $15 buffet top.   For same price, I'd rather go to Todai at Planet Hollywood.
My friends loved this place. Yelp loved this place.  Veteran Vegas Visitors loved this place.  Because of everyone's hyped reviews about Wicked Spoon of course I kind of had to have a well deserved positive expectation about this place.  Wow. Not even close. . . First, I would say something about the over-priced buffet entry cost but then again there is no such thing as a super cheap buffet deal in nice Vegas hotels.  So yes, it is of course overpriced--way too overpriced for its worth.  Second, if you are not an avid seafood lover-- I'm talking about crabs, lobster legs, shrimp cocktail, then this is not the buffet for you.  I noticed in everyone's plates around us that the seafood was what people dived in for.  Third, I want to remember the other ethnic plates that they had but I can't. Maybe I don't want to.  The dessert selection is similar to most other dessert sections in other buffets.  Finally, I will let you know in my other reviews what a great Vegas buffet is about and which one it is.  That excites me.
Presentation was cute and really fun, with each dish in its own little pot or pan (good portion control) but execution needed a lot of work. The asian foods tasted worse than Panda Express but even Panda Express has some good msg-laden entrees. Anything fried was passable. The salad bar did have a variety of pastas and veggies that made up for the food. There was no seafood bar at all, just some smoked salmon and a shot cup size of cocktail shrimp (2-3).. . Dessert is where Wicked Spoon redeems itself. The macaroons were extremely juicy and tasty (love the orange one), and the pecan tart on shortbread crust was amazing! They even have a full gelato bar - you must try the Salted Peanut Caramel... so smooth and creamy.. . Overall, the dessert bar is not good enough to get me to come back here again. Try it once, check it off your list, and be done with it.
Over-hyped! After reading the reviews, I thought it was going to be good...not so at all. Luckily, we didn't have to wait in line since one of us was a platinum member staying at the cosmopolitan hotel.  Food was mediocre...presentation was cute but the food was not good. It was a waste of $36. The presentation was nice, the 2 pieces of fried chicken wings came in a little fryer. The mac n cheese came in a little pot, 2 cocktail shrimps in a shot cup, edamame in tiny to-go boxes, like I said it was all looks. The taste of the food should have been better. They did have a good selection on desserts, but even that wasn't enough to make up for the taste of the food. Great selection on gelato! I didn't see any macaroons. Feta sprinkled watermelon was amazingly sweet! No crablegs here! Not for lunch anyway, not sure about dinner. Overall, I wouldn't return for another meal..not worth the wait or my money.
I went there for their brunch buffet. I was not impressed at all. . . 1) They don't really have that many options. Comparing to other buffets such as Bellagio or Wynns, you don't get overwhelmed here. Its like you know you will be able to go around and try all food here. You know you can manage. . . 2) The taste was just meh. They have sections for mexican food, asian food, also some pastas. Not many of the options stood out for me.Even the dessert section, they lookedway better than they tasted. . . But again, this buffet is cheaper than most of the restaurants. So I guess you get what you pay for.
Traveled to this buffet on very high recommendation. My verdict: it is only okay, and is far, far too expensive for what you are getting. Had no problem getting a table. In fact, a good third of the tables were empty.. . Sat down, and the server (who was excellent) asked me if I wanted to partake of the special bottle of wine for $20. I declined but just asked for a glass of the house wine. That put me back $15 (+ tip).. . There was little or nothing to make a salad with. No lettuce, no tomatoes, no mushrooms, no peppers, etc. Damn, its 98 degrees outside and one can't even make a salad! And this for $38.
Yelp, this is the first time you have failed me. I came here for dinner on a Friday night and I was so appalled to find out that they DID NOT MAKE ANY MACAROONS!!!!! The food was meh and the selection was a double meh. I gave this place 2 stars because they did have a stellar gelato selection, the decor was really nice, and the waitress was also wonderful. Other than that if you want to try this place and waste your moola then be my guest. I would rather eat at buffet over at the M hotel.. . I may have been here on an off night but this is Vegas! I believe for the price I pay I should not be concerned about whether or not there is any inconsistency with my food. Not just that there are so many other options that I would think the quality should be kept at a higher level. Oh and those who are reeled in by the bone marrow offerings don't get suckered in like we did. It's not anything special. Bland at most and the only thing that gave it flavor was the horse radish sauce and chutney.  . . I also want to include one more thing, this is more of an annoyance. This is a buffet.....not a ball gown and tie restaurant........snooty attitudes are tacky. Yes, girl behind me at the seafood station behind I am talking to you. Don't roll your eyes at other guests because they can't make a decision as to whether or not they want mussels, clams, or shrimp. If people are given options they will take their time to decide! Sheesh! It was also nice that you tipped him for making your clams and shrimps but a dollar won't make you less snobby.
Best way to describe Wicked Spoon is to hold up your pinky finger ever so delicately and sneer.. . While I will admit that it is definitely one of the prettiest buffets I've ever seen, the food was definitely lacking, and the dessert selection was pretty boring. Highlight of the meal -- make your own mac and cheese.. . Definitely not worth the cost. There are definitely better buffets on the Strip.
I mean . . . it was okay.  Mind you the two 30-year-old men (with hangovers) that I accompanied to WS had absolutely no complaints.. . The appearance of the restaurant is nice- modern, clean, and has a generally upscale vibe, which is to be expected at the Cosmo.. . Maybe it was a bad day, but the food just did not do it for me.  We got there right at the beginning of dinner- so the food should have been at its freshest.. . Overall, I think that WS has some awesome ideas that just don't pan out.  The Mac-n-cheese station, for instance, is an AWESOME idea- but it ended up soupy.. . I always get excited about crab legs, but when I asked them to heat them up (as I've done at other buffets), they dumped them into a pot of hot water, which took all the flavor away and made them taste really strange.. . All of the meat dishes I tried were either over-cooked or bad cuts: brisket, lamb . . . my teeth got tired.  . Even the chocolate lava cake was dry- no lava!. . The fried chicken was good, as was the bbq shrimp with cheddar grits.  The Korean bbq short ribs were the best thing there!. . The quality is nowhere near the level of the Wynn.
I am a bit torn on the Wicked Spoon Buffet.  It is not that it is a bad buffet but it is for a certain food pallet.  My partner loves this place and would give it 5 stars!  The food is definitely interesting. They have dishes laid out in little tins that provide a sample size of many different things. It is a nice layout in terms of presentation.  The issue that I had with this place is that everything is quite heavy.  There is definitely a sauce or butter base (it seems) to a lot of the dishes here so I would be careful if you have sensitivity to this (or are lactose intolerant) to go by the guidelines of the little dishes they give you and not overdue it.  We went last in July and it was quite good overall the prime rib was excellent but I ended up getting sick from it not because of bad food but rather the butter base in everything it is quite easy to feel like it will take quite a while to digest and overall just feels heavy.  . . The deserts were interesting and offered quite a variety.  I appreciated the Gellato bar it was a good twist and something fresh on the buffet overall.. . The star of the show though is probably the hotel itself which is really nice. A bit over the top depending on your style but definitely something to experience while in Vegas.  . . I have had better buffets for my tastes but it is not bad.  Pricey and heavy.  If you don't mind either then I would definitely give it a try but if you are limited to the buffets you plan to visit definitely goto Bellagio first.
Wicked Spoon, I feel so sorry for you. If it wasn't for Bacchanal Buffet, i would actually love you.. Last Friday Night, l paid $37..99 plus tax for Bacchanal, and it was the most amazing buffet meal of my life.. Following night, my three friends and I decided to try Wicked Spoon ($39.99). We paid and entered the food arena, After making few rounds scouring all the food stations, we decided to try to get our $ back because just everything at Bacchanal looked way better than Wicked Spoon and there was a lot more options.. . The manager asked us why we wanted to get our money back. We told him the buffet at Caesars was better and cheaper than his buffet. He said "I am very sorry to hear about that. We have a much better selection in the brunch section, so be sure to come back for that", and we got our $ back.. . If you have never been to Bacchanal, you will like Wicked Spoon. But once you go to Caesars, you simply can't go back..... . trust me on that.
This buffet is a total FRAUD! Regular people would not know what I'm about to tell you. So I'm not one to eat buffet because, I just don't it is worth it. I can't eat that much anyways. I rather go to a nice restaurant. Since my friends were telling me how good it is, and how the food it served portioned in tiny pots and plates, I decided to try it. I went on a Staurday afternoon, therefore it was brunch. Cost was $30pp, $39pp with champagne/mimosa. That day had quite a selection of pastas. I had the gnochhi which came with about 7 pieces and it was soooo SALTY. There also was the duck confit ravioli which came with 2 pieces, which was pretty good. I also had the mac and cheese which was also pretty good. Even though they were nicely portioned and no one is digging into the food, I find the portioned to be too large. I would have liked it if there were only 3 pieces of gnochhi and 1 piece of ravioli. The braised beef with polenta was yummy but there was waaaaay too much butter in the polenta. There were some sushi as well, but didn't bother to get since the fish were sliced newspaper thin. The salad salad section was decent. The selection of cheeses were great. However, they did not have prime rib, instead they have sirloin. I also got the bone marrow which was next to the sirloin. The SHOCK came when I headed to the dessert section. Some of the desserts were placed on a stand. The legs of the stand had "La Rose Noire" printed on it. Like I said most people would not know what that is, BUT I DO!. La Rose Noire is a Hong Kong based company that has a factory in China that manufactures desserts for restaurants. WTF! Wicked Spoon doesn't make their own desserts. There is NO PASTRY CHEF?!?!?! After seeing that brand I start to see things clearer! I bet the gelato is not freshly made with fresh fruits and nuts. I bet they use a mix and just add water. The pistachio flavor was looking a bit too green. Pistachio flavor of real gelato should be khaki color because fresh nuts are used.
The buffet is super large and they make it very pretty, but as far as the quality I have had better and if it wasn't free with my hotel stay I would not have gone back.
Thank you Tom M. for proving that I'm not totally psycho for thinking this place is ABSOLUTELY overrated.  I can't complain about the price because it was free since the hotel did not have our room ready although we checked in at like 8pm and we were totally pissed cuz it was the wraparound balcony suite which does not come cheap ya know?  Anyhoo, I was sooo excited to eat this much-raved-about-on-YELP vegas buffet.  It was supposed to be special, different than all the rest, as the reviews told me...I was beyond excited and positive it would be a culinary dream.  But, no.  The food was terribly underseasoned and lacking in variety.  For one, I expect EVERY buffet to have a salad and fruit bar, thats what I live for.  Where was it?  All they had here was 2 pre-made salads already portioned, caesar and oriental this time, already SOAKED in dressing and limp and sad.  Um, no when in Vegas I expect fresh crisp veggies at my buffets, mmmkay?. Also, the dessert bar that was raved about was totally lacking in choices and not exciting or delicious in the least bit.  Overall, I was underwhelmed by the meats, cheeses, veggies, desserts, and everything else at this buffet.  I thought this one for sure would take the crown from The Spice Market buffet @ Planet Hollywood, but no it still reigns supreme...at least on my palate..:-)
Definitely not worth 4-5 stars! The price is expensive at $65 for 2 people for sub par food taste, quality, selection, ambiance, and decor. This place looks like a staff canteen with few decorations and some lighting. Other than that the food were served in an ordinary looking like plastic bowls and tray. I was looking for the sexy-posh-blingy flair that the hotel exude which was definitely missing in Wicked Spoon. We saw food preparers with piled up plastic containers filled with food just right behind the counters refilling the food. This can view can really looked very unappetizing. There is a discreet way to do this I am sure.The cheese selection was nothing extra ordinary unlike the Bacchanals. The salad table was nowhere to be found, the prime rib was tough and chewy, the seafood selection was limited and most of the food available were cheap eats. They had 3-4 pizza selections? Why and for what? I dont have to go to Wicked spoon for pizza. Again cheap eats. And if I can I would give Zero star to the unhappy, mean and unfriendly man serving the ice cream on the desert section. Of all places why in the dessert section. They need to fire that man because he is very miserable.. . Really, eating here I felt like I wasin a different lower quality hotel but paid for the Cosmopolitan rate.
I picked 1 buffet for my visit to Las Vegas. I looked through yelp pictures and reviews and chose the wicked spoon for Sunday brunch. I was so disappointed with the food and service.. We came early so we would not have to wait. We paid and waited in line then told to wait in a different line, that was for platinum card members. Then another lady came over a told people to wait in the line we were waiting in, so here 30 people stood in front of us, because it was so disorganized.. . The food was subpar at best. .  $65 for 2 was not worth it at all. All you can drink champagne, Bloody Mary, or mimosas. If you can only find your server. . . I did like the french toast and my husband like the asian spare ribs and duck ravioli. I must say that my biggest disappointment was in the flavorless desserts. When you look at the pictures your mouth waters.  They do look like they would be delicious. . I get the small containers of food for portion control, however with the taste of  the food lthat was all the control you need. Not too many second round winners.I tasted enough, but felt sick later. MSG always does that to me. I should have listened to a suggestion to try the Buffet at Caesars instead. Next time I will. Was not worth the price.
This place is way over rated, food was average,  most things were not hot.  The made to order mac n cheese was delicous and the chocolate covered strawberries were really tasty as well.
There are little flies on the dessert. Pay attention when eating. Food is ok but colder than any other buffet. The small portion concept is good but poorly executed. I still think Wynn or Bellagio are way better.
We spent Thanksgiving 2012 lunch here but I was not impressed. Food is mediocre. Entrees were not replenished right away and I had to come back 4 times just to get some Shoyu Ramen. . . I have tried almost all the buffet in Vegas and I was very disappointed at this place. I would still prefer the M Hotel buffet. For the price ($40) it's not worth it. Their sushi selections are very limited. Entrees are served in small portions.   The only good thing about this place is the dessert table although M still beats them. Spend your 40 bucks elsewhere. I will not come back to this place.
Looks like I forgot to review the Wicked Spoon after my previous trip to Vegas. I came here 2 years ago when the buffet first opened up, and let me say I hope all the accolades this place has received is a result of genuine improvements because when I was here the food was horrible. I'm not talking about 'not worth paying $$$' horrible, just straight up horrible. The only reason I can give 2 stars is because of the fantastic presentation and decor that everyone has undoubtedly mentioned.
I THREW UP AFTER MY MEAL! =[ . . Ok so I am guessing because it is one of the newer hotels on the strip that everyone rates it high. It appeals because instead of having the massive load of food on a plate, they provide square dishes and the dishes can only fit a few items so you get full faster.. . I heard the main appeal was the bone marrow, which was good, but it needed some more salt.  I tried the other various selections such as the crab legs, truffle potatoes.. whatever. . Everything was pretty bland. Stopped with the food and moved onto dessert. The change from bland food to super rich desserts did not go well. I would say the best thing here would be the desserts. . . Overall. price versus quality of food was not worth it. I actually left not full but when i got outside just threw it all up but didnt want to eat it anymore anyways. Eh. I don't think i would come back. It's all hype and new so everyone wants to jump on.
This was a bit overkill for me. I went with a bunch of pharmacy friends because they suggested this for a night out. I had been to other buffets in Vegas and I heard this was one of the best.. . I wasn't overly impressed.. . It was insanely expensive. I was expecting around $25 per person. My husband and I paid $90 to get in in the evening.. . The food, while the ingredients were unique like wild boar sloppy joes and truffle potatoes, I didn't find that they tasted any better than other buffets I was at. It's like they traded weird ingredients for taste.. . Maybe this place was just too fancy for me. I wasn't impressed.
Sorry no 4 or 5 stars from me on this one.  I took my neice here for her 25th bday because of the great reviews and how popular this place was.  It was a Monday night and we got here a little after 7 pm and after walking the wrong too far in the wrong direction because of bad signage on the first floor, we found the buffet and not a single person was in line. (This should've been our sign right there to turn around and leave)  . . So we pay and get sat and I treat her to a bottle of wine for $20 . . Now I want to stop here for a 2nd and mention on it's own, this place gets a 2, if compared to the new Bacchanal buffet at Ceasars, this place gets a 1. I definitely give credit to Caesars for trying to be better then this place.  . . So after we were sat, and started upto the buffet, there was basically no line anywhere, the place was fairly quiet and empty. I know it's a Monday but still, I've seen all sorts of buffets packed on a Monday at 7 pm   So we start in the asian section, Ummm where's the asian section?  It was SOOOO basic and minimal it was a freakin joke.  Caesars had a much bigger variety and more specialty items. I've seen cheap small buffets have more of an asian section. The sushi selection here was literally a joke and was NOT worth the almost $40 per person I just paid.  As we walked along, we had to keep coming back to the table because after you pick up 2 or 3 items, you barely have any food but you have all these damm freakin little pots and baskets and stuff.  Ok I get it, it's cute and it's looks good for individual portions but ultimately the idea SUCKS. Almost everything we tried back at our table was not hot and was barely room temperature.  I will say the risotto was excellent and other then that 1 item, NOTHING made us go oooh and ahhh  or omg I have got to get another one of these.  The 1st basket of calamari was good but not great and we decided to go back later for a 2nd basket, it was SO salty we had to spit it out.   The seafood section was worthless. They didn't even have oysters of ANY type (fried or on the halfshell)  Yet even cheap basic buffets throughout the city have oysters on the half shell?  Why does the $40 buffet not have them??? Hmmmmm . . Oh and after our very attentive waiter brought us our wine, we was hardly ever around and hard to find to pay the check. We almost walked out on him.. . So we move onto the dessert section and between the 2 of us we basically get 1 of everything, We did not finish a single piece of ANY dessert. It was so blah and basic and not one piece of chocolate went OHHHHHH YUMMMMM .  . . WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. . We left full but not satisfied.  Quite frankly I will NOT be recommending this place and I have no desire to come back.  . . Just for the record, even though the Bacchanal buffet at caesars wasn't great, it was definitely VERY good and FAR better then this buffet.  I was quite disappointed because this was not what I was expecting.
My family was really excited about the Wicked Spoon, they said that their past experience there was amazing. The novelty of a buffet is always a must at Las Vegas, so we went. The line was rather short, so we were seated quickly, which was nice, since we were a party of 11. After being sat down, we were greeted prominently by a server who filled our drink orders. The buffet however, was very lack luster. There was variety, but the variety wasn't all that good. The chicken wings were decent, and the angry mac and cheese was watery and cold. All the food was luke warm or cold, it's a buffet, what do you expect? I expect that the flavors would at least make up for it. The worst part of this visit was the desserts. They were absolutely disgusting. The cakes all tasted like pure sugar with a whipped water and sugar frosting or something, itwas so gross. No one ate their desserts after trying them, although the chocolate dipped strawberries were really good. The highlight was the gelato bar though, that was nice.. . Would I go again? No.. . Would I recommend this place to anyone? No. . . Worth it? I would have rather had a hot meal at Del Taco. . . Sorry Wicked Spoon, but this was a gross buffet experience. Never again.
Sunday brunch sucks... No macaroon, lousy dishes, and weird tastes shrimp. Worst lunch buffet ever.
After waiting 90 minutes in line for this, dinner would have needed to include flames and men with swords to get a really great rating from me. Sadly, it did not. With a few exceptions, this is pretty standard buffet food at an extra high price. . . One big problem: at least half of the dishes had no signs at all. Since I have food allergies, that made eating a more exciting adventure than it needed to be. . . Another problem: several off the dishes were out the whole time that I was there. Yes, it was busy -- it's always busy, so that's no excuse. I paid full price, I want the buffet not only filled but lavish.. . Drinks arrived quickly, but beer was warm and served without a glass, vodka tonic was weak. . . Table service was, overall, pretty efficient. Place is clean, no sticky floors or tables. They should probably buy more plates, since they were clearly rushing stacks straight from the dishwasher to the servingstations -- a hot plate on the dessert line is a sad thing.. . Food: . . Truffled scalloped potatoes were amazing, as were Duroc short ribs. There ends the amazing as far as savories go. . . Salmon, Pulled roasted boar sammie and prosciutto stromboli were good.. . Roasted meats and snow crab legs were ok, but not rave-able. .  . Braised beef shortribs over polenta was well done, but the ratio was 1  part braise to 8 parts polenta. . . Duck confit ravioli - "confit" had the texture of sausage, and I assume the dish is not meant to be served at room temp.. . Roasted Curried Cauliflower was rubbery, mashed potatoes had big lumps, brocolli rabe was watery, sweet potatoes were entirely unseasoned, green beans were tough - yeah, I eat vegetables at a buffet. Usually.. . Little fried chicken was undercooked at the bone. Ew.. . Cooked to order mac and cheese station looked ordinary. Maybe it was fantastic, but since there was never anyone behind the station, we'll never know.. . Notably the worst chicken tamale I have ever had. . . Desserts are clearly meant to be the best part. Since I'm not much for sugar, that didn't float my boat. Tiny one-bit chocolate waffle cones filled with chocolate mousse were outstanding, cake pops were good, everything else was meh. Again, mostly unlabeled, so even if I had loved something I wouldn't be able to call it out.. . I wavered between 2 & 3 stars here, but in the end I'd say that the combination of wait time, high price and ordinary food mean I'd probably not recommend it to anyone. If you happen to hit it when there's no line, it might be worth your time.
Alirght Heard about this place on the 702 scene. Looks good, took the wife there for dinner. First off lets starts with the PRICE for two its $$$$ about that much. Now let me tell you about that food.. Food was good the frist time around, end of story. No i will not go back to this Over Price buffet. Sorry I forgot to take picture of the food. "Till next time my food lover.. till next time."
Oh Dear, what happened to wicked spoon? When I was here last year, the food was decently made and high quality. Selection was also much better as well. I was totally disappointed in my recent trip here.. . The chinese stir fry was super salty, to the point of unedible. Their freshly cook for you bar was a lame mac&cheese. Last time it was fresh clams and mussels! All the other food was kind of a downer and not exciting, I didn't feel like going for a 2nd round. Dessert was mehh as well, overly sweet as a whole. The best dessert was the handmade marshmellows. . . Service was also slow and inattentive. No drink refills and our dirty dishes piled up super high before the waitress took them away.. . Wicked Spoon needs to pick themselves up again, especially with bacchanal competing from caesar! I'm not sure I'll be back here again when there is 3 times the selection at bacchanal.
BE PREPARED to WAIT and PAY$$$$ NO CRAB LEGS OR SEAFOOD DURING LUNCH. . We had a party of 5. We waited in line to pay, then we waited in line for over 1 hour to be seated. We arrived around noon. It was pretty disappointing for the amount of money you pay and how long we waited. This is NOT the place you want to wait for while you are hung over... I am pretty sure you might die of starvation from the wait. . . Starving and thirsty when we finally got in and seated, most of the good stuff like the bone marrow/clams/muscles/mac and cheese were all OUT. I asked if they were going to re-stock these items and no one would answer me. . . The service was awful, the lady was sweet but had too many tables, I had to ask 2 people for refills it took over 20 mins.. . I cant remember anything that I had to have seconds of or go back for. . . The ribs were pretty good and the Thai tea gelato.. . Honestly- go and spend your money at the hamburger joint HOLSTEINS on the way to this place. That place is AMAZING!! . . Over all, this place is overrated.. next time I am going to go back to Rio or the Spice Market Buffet.
I think every group has that bru that's always like 'OMG, WE ABSOLUTELY TOTALLY HAVE TO GO TO THIS PLACE WHEN WE COME HERE OMG I'VE HEARD SO MANY GOOD THINGS ABOUT IT WOWZORS WOAH OMGUHH'. Yeah. It was one of those dus that suggested we come out to Wicked Spoons out in Vegas.. . Pretty big mistake imo. Me and 15 other kiddies agree (the 16 other people I went with ... minus the one guy who really wanted to come -- I didn't ask for his opinion on whether he liked it or not cuz I was too salty at him for dragging us there ---OH AND YEAH I HAVE AT LEAST 16 FRIENDS HOLY COW RIGHT?) . . But here, this review is finna be slightly on the irrelevant side for most of y'all reading this tonight because I came around New Year's Eve time. I guess two days before. But the head honchos over at Wicked Spoonz figured it was still considered "holiday time" so they jacked them prices up. . . I still have the receipt in one of my jackets. The receipt paper it was printed on was high qual as fuc*. In fact, that was hands down the most high qual thing I got from this place. No questions asked. Bar none. I ain't even hyperbole-ing on y'all. Thick glossy supple paper, ya feel? Any way, the buffet cost us $45 each. I woulda paid 45 cents for the receipt paper I guess. Then I woulda wrote "Overrated" on it and plastered it on the face of the cashier. JK, I ain't that mad. I'm a innanet warrior ~. . Yo I'm dyin here cuz I'm reading this du's review before me and he got flowery ass words like 'fab' and 'delish' and I'm sure if I scrolled down further I'd see a 'fabulooouuuuusssss' but I ain't about to punish my eyes like that. They don't deserve it. . . Nothing was fab or delish or anything close to that. . . Prime rib was clammy and cold. Not prime at all. Not even rib really. Just cold red meat. Our waiter bru was kinda weird. He was kinda nice I guess but he kinda sucked at taking away our plates. I think he asked us how the food was three times and my responses were exactly as follows:. 1st time:"Great!". 2nd time: *Nods head*. 3rd time: *Absolutely no response *Look down with a mixture of anger and disgust. . Wicked chicken was also pretty chilly. I mean, yeah it's a buffet BUT INVEST IN YO HEAT LAMPS SONS. TAKE A PAGE FROM THE COLONEL AND KEEP YA CHICKENZ WARM. THEY TASTE BETTER. REAL RAP. . . I mean everything seemed exciting, but was actually really boring. Like duck confit ravioli? Yes pls. But no, not really. Because it tasted like slightly sweet slightly savory chef boyardee's. Bone marrow? Nope.. . I guess the dessert section was decent. Saving grace really, otherwise I'd stick em with a cold hard one star. They had like cute gold dusted cake pops. And fancy gelatos hand scooped for you by an unenthused chef looking guy (at least he's got the poofy hat).. . I guess the only fate worse than eating here is losing those 45 bucks to the casino. But at least you'd have vague amounts of fun doing so (assuming you play 45 bucks worth of penny slots or some shit ... if you a big balla, then the 45 bucks ain't even the small blind in your poker game, mirite?). I just feel disappointment and head-shakery. But yo if you like what all these other sheep have to say about the buffet then I say go for it bruh bruh. Try it out! Give it a whirl!. . Then you can come back and lament to me later about how you coulda bought yourself a pair of vans or some poppin' get up with the 45 bucks you blew on this joke of a buffet.
As a buffet connoisseur (kind of an oxymoron like "jumbo shrimp" or "Walmart snob") and as someone who has gone to Vegas about once a year for the past 20 years, I have been to pretty much every buffet in Vegas, some many times. So how does Wicked Spoon compare to the Bellagio Gourmet Buffet (weekends only), which is still the best buffet in Vegas? Not very well.. . When you go to a buffet that costs almost $40, you're really not looking for variations on, say, chicken preparation. You can get chicken for under a couple of bucks a pound at almost any supermarket. Or at least if you are, you shouldn't be shelling out $40 for a buffet - just go to Old Country or Golden Corral.. . At a $40 buffet, you're looking for a large selection of relatively expensive foods. At the Bellagio Gourmet Buffet, which I went to one night before Wicked Spoon, there was Peking duck, prime rib, Chilean sea bass, kobe beef, sushi (with actual raw fish), poke (sashimi prepared Hawaiian style), etc. - you can't find a single one of these items at more pedestrian buffets.. . What do you get at Wicked Spoon? Only prime rib that's above ordinary and then fairly ordinary ingredients prepared slightly fancifully and presented in uppity small metal containers that are made in France. It's just not really close and it's only something one appreciates if one is not a true foodie and loves pretense.. . Go to the Bellagio.
Ahh, Wicked Spoon, the overly hyped buffet in the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. Everything "looks" like it'll be wonderful, but trust a fellow Yelp Elite.. LOOKS CAN BE, AND IN THIS CASE, ARE, DECEIVING. *disclaimer: My bf and I are not food snobs, we just know the difference between food with great ingredients versus food without. I came to Vegas expecting to gain at least 1-2 pounds, yet I returned home disappointed. How could a buffet fail at making me gain weight?! I'll tell you why. . . The boyfriend (a chef in the bay area) and I decided to go to this establishment, despite his coworker's warning that most of the Las Vegas buffets are horrible. Of course, my stubborn self persisted, and to my disappointment, I ended up completely unhappy with the food. . . It was $40 a person for dinner on a Sunday evening. For that price, I was hoping to taste mediocre to decent food. . . The Asian station was a complete fail. The ramen was the only thing I was able to finish. The Thai fried rice was plain, the sushi was horrible (no surprise there - buffet sushi), and the meat/vegetable dishes were just bad. This was the first station I tried, and already I had a bad feeling it was not going to be any better. . . The fried chicken was horrible because the crispy outer part was overly salty, while the chicken meat itself was super bland. . . The mushroom risotto was totally not balanced, and tasted completely like mushroom, nothing else to balance the flavor. . . The duck confit ravioli was dryand lacked enough cheese to balance the duck inside. It was very dry and bland in my mouth. . . My boyfriend said the korean ribs were burnt and had no flavor, and he picked the freshest ones! The crab legs were good, but they were not seasoned and you had to flavor them yourselves.. so that is kind of a given. . . The only good things I enjoyed were the breads and desserts. I thought the caramelized onion pizza was yummy, as were the random breads from the bread station. The gelato was decent. The mango flavored macaroon was pretty bad. . . The service at this place was pretty good, we were often checked up on. The service is what saves this review from being a one star... something I rarely give. . . If you want to go ahead and still visit The Wicked Spoon after reading this review, you must either . . a.) enjoy finding the silver lining . b.) have messed up taste buds, that or none at all (:P) . . You have been warned! Le boyfriend and I have decided to no longer try out or visit any Las Vegas buffets in the future. Yep. It was that serious. ::sad face::
Sorry wicked spoon but I must say the experience was a let-down. Once is enough.. . . =============. Cons: Lamb was too gamey, I had to discreetly spit it out. Lamb looked good, I wish it tasted that way too but sadly the opposite. And I eat lamb all the time. but this one was no good.. . Bone marrow, another dish I wanted to like so badly but was a total fail. I guess they might have cooked it differently or more plainly that night but c'mon it was a Saturday night! Buffets are supposed to showcase their talents that time.. . Beef brisket with polenta: polenta was really good. beef not so much. it was dry and tasteless. . . gnocchi with lamb ragu: boring, bland. . For a Saturday night, their food selection was sparse, I saw a lot of dead space on the food displays. The dessert selection was FAR from what I saw in one of the pictures. Only the top two layers of the display had dessert on it.. . ===============. Pros:. . Prime rib: tender flavorful moist. mashed  potatoes: best i ever tasted. truffle scalloped potatoes: loved it but i wish it wasnt too filling. chicken wings: just right. ceviche: so-so but i ate 2 servings of this mainly to clean my palate somewhat. pistacchio gelato and salted caramel vanilla gelato: heavenly. . Service: the best buffet service. =================. . I wanted to like this place but after thinking about my overall experience, there's a reason why, for a Saturday night, there were no lines anywhere in this buffet. Most of the items I liked were side dishes and dessert and the Cons I experienced were dishes that were supposed to be those center-stage.  For the value of your money, it's not worth it. The decor was nice and the food looked nice but you can't eat these things and you're in a buffet, you come here to eat your heart out. I wish they'd spend more time improving the taste of all their dishes instead of the decor. . . Next time I'll hit the Bacchanal instead.
I read many reviews before coming here and it seemed great especially the bone marrow because I love bone marrow especially in soups, but when I arrived the food did taste that good and their dessert section was not impressive. Maybe because I came on a weekday rather then a weekend but I did not find their food very tasty. There was some good items out there like the prime rib and bone marrow but for a buffet that's suppose to serve outstanding dishes, this place fell flat.
One times good enough here!. . . Went here Sat 2/16/13 for Brunch $38 a person. . The commercial on the Hotel TV makes this place look like a small plate food adventure which it's not.... . Seated at 2:15pm after a fairly short 15 minute wait to get in, which is towards end of Brunch service. . Everyone else on yelp has given details whats included in price, drinks, etc.... So heres what I'm reporting.. . Bad:. The prime rib was almost tough as shoe leather, and this was on a thin slice, there were only 3 bone marrow piecesleft at the butcher block, that were dried and had no bone marrow, I asked butcher for more,  they said  were "all gone" . The Angry Mac and Cheese was good for a few bites. The Korean Ribs had good sauce but seemed low chinese fast food quality meat. The plates were stacked up after 3 trips to buffet before they picked them up.. Also you keep the same untencils for the entire meal.. A small Crab cake was in bottom of a small bowl covered in salad and drenched in oil.. . . Great:. Eggs Benedict was Great!!! Sauce and egg were poached perfect for my liking.. Deserts were good and looks like everyone was enjoying what was left in their selection, some things weren't there when you went back due to next shift coming in.. The salad items were  very good!. Host staff was very friendly.. My server was fast with setting me up with water and juices at the beginning of meal.. . Bottom line:. I'm not going back to this one.... The friends I ate with ranked them in the $20 range of value for a buffet.. and complained about the meat quality.. . I'm going back to the Belagio or Wynn next time...
LAS VEGAS - NOVEMBER 2011 PART II. . On the day of the Pacquiao-Marquez III fight my friend won $60 at Caesars Palace. He treated me here for lunch. Waited too long in line as we were in line from 10:30 AM to 1:00PM. They have a lot of varieties of foods. However the signature bone marrow dish is only serve at dinner. After eating here I felt bloated throughout the day. Because of the long wait in line I also felt rushed because my friend and I still had to go to Monte Carlo to purchase closed caption tickets for Pacquiao-Marquez III. Next time if I ever go here to eat I'll go for dinner to try the bone marrow.
After over two years, I finally returned to Wicked Spoon. On my first visit, I wasn't a fan of the small plates concept, but on this occasion that was the least of my complaints. . . My friend was in town and wanted to try a buffet. We were leaning towards Bacchanal, but my fella insisted on giving Wicked Spoon another try since we weren't really in the mood to stand in a long line for dinner. We arrived at 7:30 on a Saturday and there was no line at all. I have to admit, this scared me off a bit. This is peak buffet-eating time and there was no line, it just didn't seem right. . . We paid and were seated within 2 minutes of arriving. Service was friendly, but we had to wait quite a bit of time to get drink orders in. On several occasions I had to ask other servers that were meandering around if we could order drinks and refills. After this coaxing our server did arrive and take our orders. We made sure to order refills as he was placing our drinks down after having to wait one too many times with nothing to drink. As a thirsty girl, that's a pet peeve of mine, keep those refills coming.. . The food wasn't too exciting either. I actually had a hard time deciding on anything. I wandered around around much longer than I usually do at buffets and ended up with the same things over and over. The only things I had any interest in eating were the kalbi and assorted veggies I found on the line.. . I don't see myself returning to this buffet any time soon. Definitely not worth the $40 price tag.
Came for lunch on Saturday around 1:30 pm and the line was really long. Paid $37 plus tax per person, which came out to $41. There were nine of us so they sat us at a banquet like round table. Dishes were not as good as they looked, it is more about presentation here. Exotics dishes such as duck raviloi and tea eggs. Some of the dishes are served in little pans and are small portions. Best dish IMO was the beef brisquette with mashed potatoes. Best dessert IMO was the black forest cheesecake. The worst part was that they started turning off the lights and putting food away at 3:00 pm on the dot, even though the cashier did not indicate to us that this would happen.
meh. the food looked a LOT better than it tasted. it's definitely better than aria's buffet, but for the price they're charging, it should be a helluva lot better.. . save your money and go to the M buffet.
Disappointed as I had set very high expectation for this one. The spread was not huge. Most of the cuisines lacked flavor, especially the Asian counter was a big let down. The Vegas buffets are more of hype than substance I guess. The only thing to write home about was the dessert bar!
I know that a lot of people are raving like crazy about this place, but my review is a little different. But first, some quick tips!. . 1. The parking for the Cosmopolitan is located in a lot on Harmon Way.. . 2. The buffet is located fairly far into the hotel on the second floor near the guest elevators.. . 3. You can also access the Cosmopolitan via the walkway between Crystals/Aria or coming from Planet Hollywood.. . There are a lot of different things that put me off about the Wicked Spoon and a few that make me want to love it. I'll start with the things I didn't like and relive the happy memories of what I did like.. . Service is an incredibly important thing to me. This is considering the fact that we are all paying nearly $40 (dinner) to eat. It's almost unacceptable to me that they don't think about serving people better according to the price tag of the buffet. The thing that bothers me is that the first time I visited the Wicked Spoon, we were given the worst service I have ever witnessed. . . I must note to you guys a disclaimer. My girlfriend and I have agreed to a set policy of tipping our waiter AFTER the buffet is over. We use the tip to rate their service. If you did awesome, we will tip incredibly generously. Anyhow, the first time we went to the Wicked Spoon, our waiter didn't seem to want to check on us and a lot of the time he would pass by our table and go to other larger parties and schmooze with them rather than serve us. I noticed that he was also neglecting another table next to us that was getting angrier by the second. So angry that they asked another sections bus boy to clear their tables and refill their drinks. Whenever I asked the waiter to refill drinks, it would take at least 10 minutes for anything to come. Finally fed up, we were able to get the manager to come and to relay to her our problems. She apologized and comped us two buffets each.. . We ended up giving away a set of our comps to our family members, and we used the comp on ourselves for our second visit. The second visit was no better than the first. A waitress was incredibly distant and the only redeeming factor was the busboy who was friendly and very efficient. We tipped him, but neglected to tip our waitress and asked for the manager yet again. The manager was disappointed by our experience, and comped us again for dinner.. . As if I couldn't stay away from a BAD situation, I decided that we had to try the Wicked Spoon at least one more time and use up our comp. This time service was passable, but mediocre. It wasn't great, it wasn't bad. We left a standard 15% tip and called it a night.. . Now onto the good things and the reason why the Wicked Spoon gets two stars. The food ranges from amazing to terrible, but nothing far in between. The food here is more "high brow." You'll see your gaspachos, you'll see your confits, and you'll see your bone marrows. It's incredibly interesting the way they serve their food, whether it's by tiny skillets or by tiny frying cages. There are a few standout items, but for the most part the Asian offerings are almost always a miss. The Italian pastas and paninis can be a hit or a miss. Sometimes the pasta is nicely cooked and other times it is vastly undercooked or overcooked. . . I really love the meats that they have coming out of their carving station as well as their seafood. It's pretty fresh and tasty. The bone marrow is interesting for first timers, but I enjoy it though it seems a little bad for my cholesterol. One of my other favorite things is that they do have a made to order station, my favorite being the mac and cheese. It sounds simple, but being able to add toppings such as bacon, chives, and other mac and cheese favorites and have them cook it in front of you is pretty cool.. . My favorite part of their buffet is dessert. My only complaint in that area is that they don't really seem to have that many macarons and they are prone to running out. In comparison, the Bacchanal Buffet seems to have an unending stream of macarons. The other thing that I really enjoy about the dessert is the gelato. My favorite is the mint chip! I love the little chocolate balls since the texture is pretty interesting.. . I hope that your service experience is different than mine and that you enjoy the food!
There are some things that are worth waiting in line for ... like Niners Super Bowl tickets, tickets to la Galleria Borghese, or an Adriana Lima kissing booth ... but Wicked Spoon Buffet is NOT one of them. . . The line here is depressing. Not only is it long, it moves slower than a TSA security check point. Worst of all is the mirage ending, once you think you've finally come to the end you realize that was just the line to pay. Wait ... there is a.. a ... second line?!?!?.... just kill me now.. . Once you finally get inside the food is disappointing at best. The only real highlight was the bone marrow. . . If you decide to come here make sure you upgrade to the bottomless drinks ($9 for bloody mary's mimosas which can be mixed and matched). They are the perfect way to fight back a hangover while also creating your next one ... Cheers!
Overrated. The tapas style doesn't work well when the plates are small and heavy. You can't fit more than 4 on a plate. Save the money and go to Planet Hollywood.
For my first birthday in Las Vegas as an official resident, I decided to go to a place that I know.  Someplace reliable, you know?. . So here's why I changed my review from 5 to two stars.. . Where did your food go?  The dinner selection seems very sparse in comparison to the brunch service.  There were only a few dishes in the Italian and Asian sections.  And only a few meats to choose from.  . . Unlimited whine.  Oops, I meant WINE.  Unlimited, good.  Wine...  It would've been great if there was a wine menu.  White or red, ok.  They gave me a white wine that turned out to be a little too dry for my taste.  I wish that a waiter or someone could've helped with that.... . Oh, wait.  That means they would have to actually stop at my table first.  The bottle of water on the table is great.  A full bottle of water is even better!  My brother, cousins, and I went through that bottle fairly quickly... then waited and waited and waited to get another bottle.  We just gave up and jacked a full bottle from a nearby empty table.  . . Speaking of waiting, because of the little individual dishes for food, you end up with little individual dishes that take up space on the table in addition to your plate.  Add that to the empty water bottles we were piling up and no one to pick up the stuff... yeah.  After a while, we were waiting for stuff to get taken so that we would have space to bring back more food.. . Anyway... whoo.. happy birthday, indeed.
If you go a little after opening and it's not busy. The food will be cold and too salty - shame considering i went there 3 times 2 months ago.
I give two stars because I'm comparing it to the other Vegas buffets in the area. Wicked Spoon used to be good when I ate here about 3 years ago, but the quality has gone downhill since then. I was excited to see some unique dishes like the bone marrow and the risotto, but everything else was pretty plain. . . The Asian section was the largest and had decent Korean BBQ and noodles, but the other dishes were packed in take out boxes. I think its supposed to be artsy but it came off as really cheap looking to be picking up takeout boxes at a $40.00 buffet. . . The seafood section had the usual crab legs but that was about it. It would be the same stuff you would get at an Asian Buffet in California.. . The soups were labeled as "Soup Du Jour". I didn't know what that meant but one looked like gravy and the other tasted like clam chowder without the clams. I guess it was just cream. . . There was little in the salad area and had mini dishes of seasoned mushrooms instead.. . Another buffet that has a similar concept but much better food is Bacchanal at Caesar's. That place is worth the $40.
I went on a Tuesday night... No line and it was half filled when I got there (7pm) but as time went on more people came and filled the place. . . FOOD - it is okay. Yes they offer variety of food, seafood, chinese, korean, japanese, thai, italitan, french, etc. . . But are they good....?? hmmm.... let me start with asian section... sushi is all dried up so is the noodles. I did not really find anything i enjoyed in Asain section except for the Korean BBQ Kalbi. That was okay! . . Seafood... Crab legs were not my fav. Shrimp cocktail was okay.... I loved the rib and the bone marrow. . Umm... desert were okay..... . Service.... Server is hard to track down.. . I kept asking for more drink but he was busy chatting with one of the table. . . Only thing I loved about this place is that they have amazing interior! very chic and modern... And that the food is already in small plates as one serving but that is about it.. . I didn't like the food. If they are going to charge that much for the buffet I sugest they improve on their food! After all food matters the most!!!
I wanted to try  Bachannal, but the people in our group didn't want to pay $10 more, so we came here. Got there around 5:15 saturday and absolutely NO line! Walked right in and seated. It's very pretty and nice.. . The quality of the dishes and the "all you can eat" makes the price reasonable which I wanted to give 4 stars, However, I was a bit disappointed since there were "flaws" which I didn't expect after hearing all these amazing reviews. Especially when I had to convince my husband to go. (I secretly don't want to admit, that I really didn't enjoy it as much, since he argued that Bellagio/Wynn was cheaper, and now I think they are comparable) . . The quality of choices are great they had bone marrow and fancier dishes. Also crabs legs and sushi... but it's a buffet. So if you're a real foodie, then you probably won't go to a buffet. But this is good for all those that want to try all these dishes at a set price and a nicer buffet environment. They did not have a lot of the dishes that people posted on yelp. So I was disappointed in the selection.. . My husband said the lamb was overcooked, and his ribs were COLD. He didn't like the duck ravioli. He also didn't like that everything was portion controlled. Which visually they are "cute" and prevents over eating. but the 2 shrimps in a small glass were annoying. He said the prime rib was very good. . . There was this short rib dish I loved! but it was a tiny portion in a small pot container, which took up like half of the plate. The gnocchi lamb looked unappetizing just like the spaghetti & meatball. The korean kalbi ribs were also hard. The asian food, wasn't good. Except for the basil fried rice. Salmon a little bland, ceviche needed more lime, sushi was dry. Some sides were great like the roasted garlic tomatoes, creamed spinach, but nothing out of this world. I didn't even want to try the tacos which were tucked away in the corner. . . The desserts were yummy. Macarons like lette and cookies so good. Huge chocolate strawberries, so my money was well spent on desserts. Nutella and Salted caramel gelato good.  But everything else was similar to Wynn, Bellagio.. . Also want to note that we paid for our tip up front and were seated. Then after she brought us our drinks, my cousin called and wanted to join us so we requested to move to another table. (not in her section) Our new server was very nice, but towards the end, I mentioned to him that I put the tip on the check and wanted to make sure he will get it, then he said he won't get it, and its not fair cuz he served us etc. And asked me if I wanted to request it back, I said not to worry about it as I'll give him a tip too. Then later, he brought the 1st server back and put me on the spot saying I wanted my tip back. She was sweet to offer to give it back, but I said no she can keep it and that he would get one as well. It was just very awkward, and in the end I ended up tipping 2x (I shouldn't have tipped up front!) He also hovered and waited as my cousin and her family were leaving their tip.
We chose to have lunch at this buffet today because of the great reviews everyone is leaving here, however we were disappointed. We paid $79.99 for 2 and I wish we spent it at the nice restaurant.. . Food selection was very small. I love seafood and there was nothing of that sort. Just 3 types of sushi which I didn't risk eating as it didn't look fresh. Mostof the food we ended up eating was really tasteless. Desserts were not tasteful either. I just don't understand what people are raving about. Maybe we just have high standards.. Would not recommend this place.
It's Vegas, so it's expensive, but this was something way below par. Great selection on paper but in person, very bland.
Wonderful setting but the food is less than desirable. This establishment is less frequented than other establishment which means more food is under the heat lamps longer than usual. The food experience is just really average for a more than average price. Definitely not worth your time and cash.
As a buffet lover who has tried both Wicked Spoon AND Bacchanal @ Caesar's, I say the latter wins. . . My hubby and I were both pretty hungry so we decided to come try this place because of the hype and what all my friends have been saying. One star for no line because the buffet was open all day due to the holiday weekend. The other star is for our friendly server. . . Food..? Uhm.. They make too many portions at one time and just have it sitting out there. None of the food I tried tasted "fresh" and "just out of the oven." Pizza was dry, sushi rice was stale, meatballs on spaghetti were cold.... Could've been cause they overestimate the crowd for the holiday, but that's not an excuse. . . Anyway.. Next time I will definitely be taking my family and Friends to BACCHANAL!
I've been to Wicked Spoon a few times. The first time, I felt disappointed and was never tempted to come back. Once in a while, friends would really want to come eat here and I would join in partially hoping to be pleasantly surprised. I'm still not impressed. The idea of small plates at a buffet is a different concept but not one I like because I feel like I'm always wasting a lot of food and it is cumbersome to position them on a plate. I can't finished the portions that they make at times and the food rarely taste fresh. Not to mention, I have to take some thought to engineer how I place items on my plate so I won't be running around the buffet. I like the idea of having cute little plates for my food but must say that the execution of the concept somewhat failed.
I came looking for the macaroons, but it ran out.. so i was pretty unhappy.. . . service was great..  good thing was, there's no line... . without macaroons, its nothing special.. the buffet in Rio (not the seafood) imo.. was  better, for the same price..
This is a one point five star review. I do not write scathing reviews but the food quality is way below par. You can taste that recently they decided to cut food costs and reduce quality.. . Note: the gelato bar is still awesome but the cup they serve it in is the size of a small butter pad.. . Sushi. You can tell they removed the saran wrap and serve sushi made off-site. I am going to set the over-under on length of time the rice was made at seven hours. Smart money bets the over. For you not sports bet enthusiasts, this means the rice is old. Oh, the fish tastes stale and fake.. . Seafood. The crab legs look and taste like frozen water. They should have a sign plaque that says "Weak-ass snow crab legs". . . Shrimp: tolerable.. . Asian food. It was ok. The food preserves well under heat lamps and food warmers. The veggies held up well . . Italian salami and greek salad: passable.. . Bone marrow tasted like it was diseased cow. You can't just take any old bone and dole it out as bone marrow. It has to be high quality.. . Lamb chops or lamb shank: THERE WAS NONE.. . Ribeye: ABSENT.. . Roast beef: Quality was like an Old Country Buffet . . Salad: Made me yearn for Sweet Tomatos.. . I love and respect Connie Chang's Yelp reviews. She needs to update her 06-18-2012 review that is almost one year old. This buffet has changed. Do not eat here until I update that it is better here.. . BTW, I was STARVED when I ate here. It was after swimming on the 14th floor pool over Memorial Day. I ate there at 515pm on FRI during Memorial Day.
It's funny. I had breakfast here a few months ago. The food was fine, but I walked out thinking that the staff just seemed....well, dickish. My server brought me one water and I never saw him again. I stopped a different server to ask if perhaps my guy was on break. He said, "no," and walked away. Not, "I'll get him for you" or even the ideal answer: "How may *I* help?" . . But Wicked Spoon has a bunch of solid reviews, so I held off on writing mine until I could go back for a second opinion.. . Today was that day.. . I walked in with three friends and approached the cashier shortly after 2pm. Her greeting to us? "Did you hear what she told those people?" . . Huh? Did we hear what who told whom?. . Rolling her eyes to the next cashier, the bundle of hospitality sneered, "she SAID we're closed. We close at two." . . Well excuse the flying fock out of us. Maybe someone could post a sign to that effect at the entrance? Maybe you could get off your lazy ass and click the velvet rope thingy across the entrance to the zig-zag waiting line chute? Either of those would work since you clearly do not have the personality necessary to communicate the information verbally.. . I hadn't told my buddies about my first impression of the service here. But every one of us left with a lasting impression this time. . . The cashier could have used fewer words and, frankly, done her JOB by simply being, oh, I dunno...polite. She could have said, "I am so sorry, gentlemen. Buffet seating ends at 2pm daily so we can begin setting up for dinner service. Please come back and see us." But she'd rather be a bitch. No, not just a bitch. A bitch who was so goddamn lazy, she tried to get us out of there by relying on the other cashier's verbiage to some other guests that we never saw.. . Cosmopolitan? My ass.. . Actually, I'm sorta happy things went down this way. The bitchy clerk managed to confirm everything I walked away feeling the first time. And I didn't have to blow $25 on the buffet this time.
I'm surprised to see this place have such high rating. The price of the buffet is too high for the mediocre quality of the food they serve, and the people who prepare the food are outright mean and rude. . . First, most of their foods are served cold. The snow crab legs were ice cold frozen. When my sister asked the guy to boil it up for her, he yelled at her for giving him a dirty plate.Not just scold, but yelled! The shrimps and short ribs are pretty good though. The Asian food section did not look appetizing at all. Sushi was plain and not fresh. My sister and I love papaya salad, but one look at it and we turned away. . . Their desserts are not too shabby. Love the chocolate covered strawberries. They were sweet and fresh, but they look like they've been injected with steroids...huge!. . Overall, this play was just okay. Nothing to look forward to. Our server was nice, but the chefs seemed like they hated their jobs. I would never go back nor recommend anyone to go here.
A lot of selection, but not a high quality flavor profile.  We had the brunch at $25 per person and it felt like it should have really cost $11 per person.  Wasn't worth the amount we paid and I would never go back.
Just not very good. First off it's the only buffet in Vegas where I had to walk through a quarter mile long hallway through meeting and convention spaces to get to. Not sure why they wouldn't put this off the casino so people would actually know it's there and could find it easily.. . The food was mediocre. It was all well seasoned but a lot of it tasted like it was using sub par ingredients and some like the spicy macaroni and cheese tasted processed. There is a very small selection of seafood as well so if you're the type to try and load up on shrimp and crab than you will be disappointed. The shrimp comes in containers with two small shrimp a piece and there was no crab. No primerib either.. . The service would have been good but we didn't get our drinks until after we had already finished eating. Overall I wouldn't recommend this buffet at all. I've had better ones at old dingy Vegas casino's. This is the Cosmopolitan, a five star joint. I still think the Buffet at the Wynn is the best in town.
The food is so so: you just do it b/c it's vegas baby and you gotta try a buffet.. . Waited in a huge line though it moved pretty quickly. Yes the gelato is good but that's about it!
I came to this place twice. The first time was last year and I was hooked it was so good that I told myself i would come back and I did. The second time around  we came in a group of 10 and I was selling the place literally to my friends, but was so disappointed with the quality of food and the choices of food this time around. For $45 per head it was so not worth it
Holy crap this buffet is overrated. Top 10 in vegas? NOPE!. . We came here for lunch and it was about $32 a person. I dont mind paying the price but wow the food did not match the price tag at all! They have ready small plates/trays for you to pick up to control food portion but wow that seems like a lot of dishes to clean! . . The selection of food was very little. The food was just so so. From what I could remember, I tried their dim sum, sushi, tacos, mac and cheese, and  salad. Also, having a complimentary drink was a nice touch but I would effeminately not come back here for lunch again. I wonder what their dinner has to offer?. . M resort has a way better buffet off of the strip and cheaper as well.
Disappointment. I don't understand how this buffet looked so amazing from the yelper photos and sounded so tantalizing from the reviews. For the most part, I experienced the opposite. . Went on a Saturday night around 7:45pm. Price per person with tax was about 45. . Let's just talk about the food. My oh my...and it's not a good thing! Skinny selection, fat price. There was little variety and many of the dishes were clunky and reflected what I could find at a UCLA dining commons if not worse like the stir-fried beef or lo mein. . Notable items that I tried were:. Bone Marrow - I swear the bones appear larger in the photos. Nothing special actually (and I've eaten bone marrow before). It's hard to enjoy when the bread they offer is pretty much a giant slice of crouton as opposed to crispy on the outside and soft in the middle. .  Octopus salad - What the hell were the chefs thinking when they came up with the recipe for this?! It was an octopus salad. Ok. The dressing that the octopus was mixed in tasted Asian from sesame oil. Ok, so far so good. Alright, let's throw a crap ton of salami cubes into the salad. Bleh. . Korean grilled shortribs - This was the best thing I ate that night. Funny how the simple things at Wicked Spoon were the best in most cases (and that's not much). . Pretty much everything was just...edible. I wouldn't even call it A-ok or so so. Part of me is pissed for dropping 45 on the poor selection of food + poor quality of food. At least have good quality food if the variety is going to be slim. . Yelpers, how you have led me astray with Wicked Spoon. . Don't bother coming here. I ate at Bacchanal at Caesar's earlier tonight and that THE buffet to go to when in Vegas. No other stands close to it. . So if you want less than pedestrian and borderline-ok food at a fat price? Come to Wicked Spoon. As I say for every poor experience at eateries, maybe I just came at the wrong time. HA!
This is an appropriate rating for their buffet,  i have experienced better.  Quality is definitely above your standard "cafeteria" stylebuffet but its not stellar either.  There really is a VERY limited selection of savory items.  Charcuterie selection is very limited (three meats), only four kinds of cheeses.  Bone marrow bones were Meh, there were no crostini to spread the marrow on.  The asian section was pathetic...I asked one of the chef's what one of the dishes was and he replied "chicken and vegetables".  Really???? I asked again, asking how it was cooked, seasoned etc, and got the same answer "Chicken and vegetables".  There was nothing in the asian section that I thought was worth eating at all.. . Best part of this buffet is definitely the dessert buffet.  The chefs there actually know their ingredients.  Gelato was great but the scoops they give you are tiny.  You have to ask for four scoops for it to even matter.. . Not worth it in my opinion, would rather spend the extra cash at Bacchanal or head over to the Wynn.
Thought we would give this place another try.  It's been a year, so maybe they've upped their game.  . . The only thing they upped was the price.  . . $39 for Friday brunch, and no, that does not include a single mimosa.  That costs you $10 more.  Sure, it's a holiday weekend, but that is just wrong.  . . Oh hell no! That was not worth it in the least.  In fact, I think the food was a little poorer in quality than last time we were there.  Much less selection than last time for sure.. . Well, 2 strikes.  Might not make it to a third.
$47 for person and the food was so so... I have been to better places that had more to offer. Waiters are really good and friendly. That's the only thing I liked.
I am a return customer and this place was very good a year or so ago. However this buffet has gone way down hill. The shysters charged an upcharge of $39.99 for a holiday brunch the day after the 4th of July (scam); since when is the 5th of July a holiday? Nonetheless I don't have a problem paying more if you get good quality food or something special for the upcharge. This was not the case and this was nothing less than a typical $19.99 strip buffet with Ikea furniture and a gelato bar.
I was very VERY VERY underwhelmed by this place. Really folks... the deal is not what it used to be and they are living on lost reputation... kinda like a chicken that is running around after its head is cut off. . . Yes they have some intriguing and great items here. However when I was just here, not 1 person was impressed. When I see the prices that people used to pay of $22 for brunch/breakfast, I can agree my whole outlook would likely be different. However the price is not $39+tax & tip. So realistically you are looking at a $50 meal. Is this place worth that? To be BLUNTLY BRUTALLY HONEST, OHHH HELL NO! It's a standard Vegas buffet.. . The Good: . Bangers n mash - Hands down the best tasting item on the menu. The sausage snapped when taking a bite. Even on a precut portion. The gravy was perfect. However the mash was one of the best, if not the best, that I may have ever had.. . Stir Fry Beef - My second favorite item on the menu. But you can get the same results from just about any good Chinese restaurant for $10-15.. . Watermelon Juice - Super Tasty, but I cant remember what exactly that they called it. . Kalbie Ribs - If you like strong flavors (perhaps over the top) this was an awesome thing to eat as well. There was no subtlety here it was in your face taste and I loved it.. . Gelatto - Hit and miss, but the mint chip was outstanding and the best of the 5 flavors that I tried.. . Cheesecake - very rich moist and extremely filling in small portions. . BACON! Just the right level of crispy and soft. Very flavorful, and tasted more how I make my bacon than I almost ever find at a restaurant.. . The OK:. Prime Rib au jus. Blue cheese. Cream corn with red n green peppers. Most of the deserts. . The unimpressive:. Angry mac n cheese - bad day? The cheese wasn't creamy and seemed to be separating, very oily. Linked sausage from the carving station - no snapping, no taste, no interest. Fried Chicken - no taste hardly at all. The Colonel 's chicken is ten billion times better than this. (several of the yelpers I was eating with agreed that this is the worst that they have tasted chicken from wicked spoon). Gnocchi - very very bland with an unanticipated consistency, almost grainy if that makes sense. Definitely different from when I have had this in the past. The asian riblets - very weird tasting and I only took a small niblet to figure that one out. . The five billion little dishes for food to come in. This is an utter nightmare. I do like that all the dishes can be tasted separately, but it's still a royal pain in the derriere!  This is easily solved by plates with dividers on them as an option... it is a buffet err cafeteria after all. Ohhh wait, does it matter? They ran out of all of these lil pint size dishes and started putting out large bowls for things previously in mini dishes.. . The service sucked. I had to ask for more juice several times and they didn't want to take the dirty dishes even though we had piles of mini bowls, baskets, plates, etc... Then when they did take plates from us, they just grabbed everything from you including what you may still have been working on.. . In summation, for the money spent, this place is not worth it to go to again for me. Perhaps it was a bad day. At least I didn't wait in line for this crap like so many others were doing. Drop the price, kills the stupid excess dishes, improve service, make sure you don't have an off day in the kitchen, and I bet I may like it. I would have been satisfied in the $20 range. But at a base price of double that, it simply does not even remotely contemplate being a good deal.... . One last thing, being it was brunch, if you wanted champagne, mimosa's, or alcohol period, that was an additional fee. Bottomless mimosa's was an additional $10 per person!
Very diappointing and definately not up to par with the other top buffets in town. I went with every high expectations and had heard a lot of great things about it. I got there and it was 46 dollars basically the same price as the bacchanal buffet which is amazing so i immediately upped my expectations. I got in and the assortment was in no comparison to the bacchanal  buffet . The food was old and nothing was fresh except the mexican section. The crabs were not King crabs they were snow crabs and they were gritty with not much meat in them. Overall the food was mediocre and nothing stood out as special that made me wanna go back. The gelato was very good but not enough to make me come back. I will never go to this buffet over the bacchanal buffet.
I don't know what all the hype is about but I'm guessing it was for dinner because Sunday brunch sucked!! Definitely not worth the $35 dollars.  . . Yay:. -Desserts: Cheesecake, gelato, rice pudding, carrot cake, and the strawberries (from the chocolate covered strawberries) were all the things I liked from this buffet.. -You have the option of paying $10 extra for champagne brunch which was nice.  . . Nay:. -Food: why is everything so salty?!? I'm surprised no one is tasting the food before it comes out.  After I was done eating, my tongue felt sore from the abrasiveness of all the salty food.. -Variety: They don't have that many.  There was an abundance of pork though. Bacon, sausage (breakfast sausage and sausage patties, and andouille), roasted pork (Chinese 5 spice-skin was not crispy, Chinese pork ribs, and at the carving station-pork belly bacon was really tough and roasted pork ribs).  They had a small section of Asian food-everything was bleh or too salty, Spanish/Italian foods, a large breakfast station, a breakfast omelette station, a make your own cereal station, salad bar, dessert and the only soup being offered was a miso soup and guess what, yes that's salty as well. . -Carving station: I guess it's my fault for not asking about what was being served before I waited in line but there was NO prime rib!  I'm just so used to ALL the buffets in Vegas offering it, but this was a huge disappointment.  The only thing they had were roasted chicken, top sirloin, bone marrow and roast pig.  I liked that they had bone marrow BUT the toast that was served with it and the chimichurri was SALTY! UGH! It had like a strong garlic salt taste to it. -The guy at the carving station: was very inattentive.  Didn't seem like he wanted to be there.  A customer asked for a slice of prime rib and he gave him a slice of top sirloin.  Didn't even try to correct him and say that it wasn't prime rib.  Maybe he didn't hear him, but like I said, very inattentive.  I had to wave him down once because he was staring off somewhere else.. . I definitely regret coming here for brunch.
I'm pretty sure that the Cosmopolitan realizes that it is losing too much money and thus has cut its budget on the already loss-leader known as the Wicked Spoon.. . From the previous reviews, it seems that the Wicked Spoon has come a long way from being a 5 star experience to a 2-3 star experience (for its price).. . The first problem encountered was at the entrance when we saw that a gold brick had fallen off and thus left a giant white hole on the wall where it was supposed to be. This means that they have reduced the amount of maintenance workers for the restaurant. This also should not happen in a five star resort partnered with the Ritz.. . The second problem was that there was almost no variety when we came this time. The worst part of it all was that the sushi was "FOR DISPLAY ONLY". REALLY? . . The third problem was that they started to clean up at around 7:45 PM (they close at 9 PM), meaning no more fresh food after that, save for a couple of dishes. NO MORE DESSERT TOO. Basically that means I was unable to eat any of the supposed good stuff.. . By the way, they I believe they save those desserts for the next morning. I'm serious, I saw them neatly stacking them on a tray obviously not intending to dispose of them.. . Some of the food was pretty good though, but this isn't close to being a value for its price. The gnocchi with a sweet corn emulsion was really good. I do believe that they purposely try to use sub-par ingredients.. . I happened to ask our waitress for her opinion and even she said that it isn't worth it for dinner, although breakfast seems to be a better value. She also happened to hint that chefs here are constantly replaced.. . Service is impeccable however. Our waitress was literally superwoman. The path for the waiters and waitresses to walk through was poorly designed. They are forced to walk through a maze.. . This place really is total hype. From a pure business standpoint, I would've cut the budget on this buffet too. $4 billion is a ton of money to repay to Deustche bank. Analysts have calculated that this hotel will not reach profitability in this decade. That means more cuts are expected.. . Living on lost reputation is okay, but you can definitely see that some people realize what has happened. There weren't as many low ratings (i'm not sure if they even had any!) in the first two years they opened but lately the low ratings have been increasing.. . The parking here sucks too!!!!!!111!!11!!1!1
Was a fan before, not anymore. In an epic battle of top buffets in Vegas, wicked spoon has officially fell off. This use to be my go to buffet until this last trip. Too much salt!!!  Seems as if they laid out all the food and had someone with a bucket of salt sprinkle it on everything. He missed a couple dishes meaning those were under seasoned and didn't taste like anything. How could you butcher a ban Mai? Clams in white wine sauce was overcooked and needed seasoning. Canadian bacon seemed to be cooked in salt, dipped in salt, cut and had more salt added to it . . Why the two stars? Pastry chef seems to be always on point! Strawberries used in the chocolate covered strawberries were sweet. Cheesecake was amazing! Thai ice tea gelato was another highlight. . . Overall the desserts couldn't make up for the horrible food. Doesn't look like I'm coming back. Chefs of wicked spoon, please taste your food before you send it out!
So disappointed!!! Feel like my friends and I have been totally misguided by the " 4 star" rating!
Presentation is nice;. Food was tasteless and cold;. Food choices were ok - nothing jumps out; and to top it off, some of the servers are not the friendliest. . In my point of view, for $45, I expected more.  Overall, I'm disappointed and won't return.
most of the dishes are basic and tasteless.   nothing wow reaction. not  a lot of selection. small dessert areas. quality of food is bad . it like the food has been sitting in the heat lamp  for hours.  the best one was fresh fruit juices but they ran out fast and was told to wait an hour.. they don't have a lot of fruits
Basically, the food looks great but tastes underwhelming and disappointing for its price - any other $50 buffet would be better (i.e. Bellagio, Wynn, etc.) Note: I went for dinner.. . PROS:. - food is displayed aesthetically and in small portions. Probably the most well-displayed food of all the buffets (dishes are served in miniature pots, etc.). - they serve bone marrow, which is pretty damn cool. - there is a wide selection of food (steak, crab legs, etc.). - they have a variety of flavored gelato (Nutella!). - great service . . CONS:. - ALL...literally all the items I tried were underwhelming and plain - I've had better. THIS IS THE MAIN REASON I'M GIVING 2 STARS AND PROBABLY WOULD NOT COME BACK AGAIN: the first thing I tried wasn't that good. Same for the second, third, etc. and at the end of the meal, I realized most everything tasted subpar and plain. The sushi was the generic, "fake" sushi type - but none of the Vegas buffets ever have real, quality sushi anyway. The salmon was dry, the bone marrow was bland, the marinade for the kalbi beef wasn't good and it probably wasn't marinated for very long because the taste faded. The best thing was probably the mac n' cheese.. - not a wide selection of cheeses (there were only 3 and they were pretty standard) and no crackers or dried fruits to go with it.. - not a lot of fruits (only bananas and a plate of pears and apricots). I'm used to seeing pre-cut fruits at buffets at this price. . . . CONCLUSION:. There are better buffets out there. For $50/person, I am comparing this to other ~$50 buffets and this one isn't worth it. Good presentation, but poor quality and taste considering the price.
Oh man, what happened to you, Wicked Spoon? It's just not what I remember. The variety is there, but the taste is not. Almost every dish was bland! Crab legs, Asian dishes, American dishes, pastries, ice cream... Everything was just ok. Shrimp & grits was probably the best dish there. Bone marrow was gelatinous, tasteless, and probably the worst I've ever had in any restaurant. . . For the price, I was very disappointed this time around!
Selection was small versus bacchanal buffet and studio b buffet. Food did not justify the price during lunch. As a platinum card member you would expect service to be a little more above average. Service was horrible, they were not that busy and tables were left uncleaned the entire time we were there.
I was not impressed with this buffet. It is not much different than many others and they were low in food when we came to each section. . . Service was okay but the price of $50 a piece for this food is ridiculous. I would not recommend this buffet while in Vegas.
Not good -ordinary -boring, long wait for no reason. I do not understand the good reviews. My omelette was good, no potatoes to be found, the chicken sausage was cold! The only seafood was smoked salmon. How is this  worth anywhere close to $25.00! A complete waste of money. Only good thing to say was MaryAnne my server was good.
The ambiance, service and variety was good. But i don't think it's worth the price we paid. Yes they have variety and food is portioned controled  so there is not so much food waste but nothing special. Food was mediocre. The line for the omelette was so long we never were able to get one. Bacon was out the three times we went to get some. they have different stations for different areas. i have had better buffets in vegas.
I've been to several buffets in Vegas, but I think it is safe for me to say that Wicked Spoon was my least favorite. I even tried this place twice! Both times was pretty A-OK for me. The food isn't bad, but it could have been better. I wasn't able to fully satisfy my intense pig-out sesh, because personally, I didn't see that many foods that I wanted to reach for. They had all the basics like meats, pasta, dessert, etc but other buffets had a lot of seafoods such as shrimp and crab legs. . . I don't think I'll come here again... Both experiences were not worth the money personally for myself.
I used to love this place, mainly because it was unique and there was no other buffet like it. After I had it once, I wasn't too fond of it the next time. Staff serving the buffet were RUDE! Prime rib was a hit or a miss - My friend got the fresh prime rib when it came out of the oven, so he scored with great pieces. When the rest of us went afterwards, we got the tail ends and they were hard and tough. They were able to steam the crab legs for you, but they had an attitude every time I asked. The person at the dessert station was the worst! He served us ice cream fine, and when I went over to the molten chocolate cakes, I asked if I would be able to get mine without the sauce, and he rudely said "NO." My friends and I thought he was joking, but I guess not. No need to have such an attitude. The waitresses on the floor were a bit slow cleaning the plates, andthey didn't refill our drinks until we waved them down. I was going to come back here for another Vegas trip I had planned next year, but no thank you - I'm going to my NEW FAVORITE buffet - Bachannal - for $10 more I get better service, food, and it won't be a hit/miss place. There's no wonder there's no line for this place on a weekend.
I'm not sure if my bf and i just came at the wrong time or if we got over excited about trying this place, but we were REALLY disappointed. We came for brunch and we were disappointed with the selections. Such a lack of variety.. . Then we figured maybe the yelp hype was over the desserts. So when picking out desserts, I was looking forward to the macarons that everyone took pictures of, just to find out it's only served for dinner. But the desserts were pretty good. . . Overall, this place wasn't as great as yelpers made it seem. There are so many other better buffets. I would recommend Studio B at M resort. It's off the strip but much more variety and free wine and beer.
Overrated.  My wife and I love buffets and have been to most of the buffets in Vegas.   We both agreed this buffet was slightly disappointing.   Positives:  the decor was very nice and the wait staff was very friendly and timely, no line and was seated immediately(Thursday night), the shrimp ceviche, prime rib, baked salmon, and several of the pasta dishes were very good.   Negatives:  the snow crab legs were tiny, the "asian" bar was just pathetic, the 3 different sushi rolls were supermarket quality, the desert bar was disappointing, and just the overall offering was fairly weak.   The salad bar looked pretty good if you're into salads, but my wife and I don't pay $40+tax+tip to go to a buffet for salads.   This buffet should be about $27 instead of $40.  You can do much better for the money.
I came here for dinner with Keri W. and Gardenia H. last year since we had heard really good things about this buffet. Located at The Cosmopolitan, this buffet took a lot of walking to find. And the line to get inside was ridiculous! But we persevered and waited for what seemed like forever before we were finally seated. I wanted to get to every single station and I almost did.. . For my first plate, I tried:. -- Tomato and Cucumber Salad: Light and refreshing.. -- Bruschetta: I love bruschetta but was not a fan of the one here.. -- Deli Meat and Crackers: Your typical meats with crackers; good but nothing special.. -- Shrimp Cocktail: Just okay. The shrimp didn't taste very fresh.. -- Shrimp Ceviche: Same here.. -- Tomato Gazpacho: This was also just okay.. . I also got bread with garlic butter; I love my carbs!. . For my second plate, I tried:. -- BBQ Shrimp and Grits: These were actually pretty good. The grits not so much, but I do love shrimp.. -- Fish and Chips: I could be biased since I don't like fish to begin with, but I didn't like the fish here. The chips were also just mediocre.. . My third plate was also savoury food:. -- Mashed Potatoes: Can't go wrong with this.. -- Rotisserie Pork Shoulder: Not as tender as I wanted it to be.. -- Chicken Pot Pie: Too watery for me.. -- Angry Mac & Cheese: This was decent.. -- Truffle Scalloped Potatoes: Not a lot of truffle flavour but I love my potatoes.. -- Potato Plank "Cowboy Bacon": Okay.. . For my fourth plate, I got:. -- Tomato Risotto: This was not very flavourful and I wished the risotto had been cooked more.. -- Cheesy Bread: Exactly what the name is. Just okay.. -- 5-Spice Pork Chop with Kimchi BBQ Sauce: I did not like this one at all. Don't do Korean food if you can't do it well :(. -- Spicy Orange Chicken: I like the one at Panda Express better.. -- Asiago Gnocchi: Forgettable. Literally. I don't remember even getting this.. -- Vegetable Roll: Meh.. -- Shrimp Tempura Roll: Just okay.. -- Chilled Glazed Tofu: It was fine.. . Finally it was dessert time! I tried the following:. -- Lemon Raspberry Cheesecake: I love cheesecake but I did not love this. Meh.. -- Strawberry Shortcake: Meh.. -- Red Velvet Cookie: I was so disappointed in this. I did not like it AT ALL and I usually love red velvet anything!. -- Strawberry Cheesecake Bavarois: I really liked the meringue in this one. Probably my favourite dessert.. -- Bread Pudding: Meh.. -- Chocolate Covered Strawberry with Toffee: The strawberry wasn't as sweet naturally as I wished but this was good.. -- Apple Streudel Tart: Decent but a little dry.. -- Tiramisu: I didn't like this one :(. -- Lemon Gelato: Light, refreshing, and a nice note to end the meal.. . As you can see, I tried A LOT of the food here. And I found most of it to be pretty mediocre. They did do some things well, but not as well as I had hoped. I will admit that I came in here with high expectations and I was probably a victim of those. Granted, it does seem like this place does brunch better than they do dinner. But overall I was disappointed in the quality of the food here, especially considering their reputation and the price of the meal.
Short review: Great presentation, with mediocre food. Save the money and go to the buffet at Caesar's. . . The whole story: I was super excited to check with place out based on all the yelp reviews. Not sure whether they just had an off night, but all the food seemed like it has been sitting there for a while (congealed, dried out).. . My hubby and I got here around 7pm on a Friday and there was not a single person in line. We paid and were promptly seated, our server came over and took our drink order. And now to the food/drink review. . The good:. -shrimp ceviche 4/5. -Prime rib 5/5; very very good . -Cosmopolitan 5/5; the person who prepared this drink definitely know his/her craft. -Mashed potatoes 5/5. -Strawberry balsamic gelato 5/5 nomnomnom . . The ok :. -shrimp cocktail 3/5. -watermelon salad 3/5. -Mac and cheese 3/5;nothing exceptional, but the guys at the station were really fun . -Chicken 3/5. -Corn 3/5; it would have received a 4, but the top layer was dried out. -Passion fruit mouse 3/5. . . The " Hello no!":. -octopus salad 2/5. -Asian short rib 2/5 super salty. -meat ball 2/5; I'm sure this tasted great 2 days ago.  -Macaroon 0/5; it tasted like someone threw up. . Maybe I was just spoilt from eating at the Caesar's buffet the night before, but this buffet was a huge disappointment.
Don't get the hype, went here for brunch on a Monday holiday and it was subpar food and limited selections.  Ceasar's buffet is much better and for the price this place charges I would rather have gone to another buffet other than here.  Smaller, crampier, and the food selections were near gone or they only had a limited variety of Asian foods left.  For 80 bucks you expect better selection of food and quality.  Maybe it was the time of day since it wasn't dinner?
Wanted to try this buffet out after seeing all the positive reviews.  If the price of admission was $20, buffet would have been fine.  But at $41, not so fine.  Prime rib was so-so, and the other choices were somewhat slim and not that great.  Too be fair, it was a Monday night, so perhaps they don't try as hard.
Visited the brunch buffet. The cost was $26 per person and I can't help but think that there must be something better.  . . My first impression was a sense of disappointment.  My first bite was of some sushi and it almost led to vomiting.  After taking a breather, I was able to manage to try some other things.  Nearly every item I tired was cold.  Had it been hotter, it all would have been decent.  The dessert was the only redeeming quality of this buffet.  . . I'm no Vegas Pro, but I'm guessing that one might be able to do better.
came for brunch on sunday. . prime rib was tough. . fried chicken was good. . applewood sausage was good. . spicy mac and cheese is super hot. . ribs was good. . wicked fruit juice was good. . ice cream was good. . $34, large parties gets tip added in... so it was about $43 for a person
After hearing about how good this buffet was, I had to try it out. I went to Bacchanal buffet last time I was in Vegas and I loved it. . . Now to preface, I came for the dinner buffet but wicked spoon is known for their brunch buffet. I can't say anything about that so this review is primarily for the dinner one. . . Food-wise: Nothing special lol Crab legs.. Korean kalbi.. Prime rib.. Mussels.. And that's about all I can remember. Which is sad but there's nothing that really stood out for me. The mussels were probably my favorite thing out of everything but that's it. I really regretted not going back to Bacchanal. . . Decor-wise: There was the row in the back where all the food was, a salad/cold bar, and the dessert bar. Not that big, nice venue, meh. . . Overall, I wouldn't come back again for dinner but maaaaybe I would come back to try the brunch buffet to see if it's any better.
Korean BBQ is too salty and tough, Sushi hmmm if you guys don't know how to make sushi don't make them at all.
Nothing great and feels like your in a convention center. At 41 per person go upstairs to many of the fine restaurants and enjoy your meal. Bone marrow was disgusting.  Crab legs, skimpy. The only thing I enjoyed was the octopus salad. It was just odd and unique.
Easily one of the most over priced buffets in Vegas due to the quality of food and service. Food was no bueno, best thing this place has was the shrimp cocktail. Desserts offered were okay, nothing special. Service was terrible- plates were not cleared (wasn't busy or anything), took 15 minutes to get our drinks (and they brought out the wrong drinks). Maybe they were having a bad night? I don't know if I would come back.
Comparing the price, I have to say no matter the quality or the quantity is not good. I was there for thanksgiving, but I had to wait 3 hours. So I decided to come back later. Here we are the day after thanksgiving. I have a lot expectation, because of others' recommendations and high price. However, totally disappointed! Nothing taste special, they all normal or less good tasting, and not a lot options. This is my first buffet in Las Vegas, if this could be a four star buffet, then Vegas sucks!
Review based on wait times .Wanted to check this place out, but a 4 hour wait......on a Saturday before noon. No thanks.
Well, I've read reviews after reviews how good they were then I came and had $47.00+tax buffet meal and I was disappointed. Atmosphere was pleasing but counters were dirty, trays were empty or foods were scattered everywhere, meat was rough to chew so I had to be rude and excused myself to spit them out, half of foods were dried and lost their colors. Desserts were ok but not meeting wow as other reviews stated. I wish I had gone to different restaurant I could have better dish for $50 instead of disappointment
*Sigh* I was SOOO excited to binge eat at Wicked Spoon but left hungry and very underwhelmed.  . . In their defense I do have to say I went on a Monday at 3p or 4p so I guess you can say it was an odd hour, but seriously how does a buffet have such small variety of choices to pick from??!!. . Each station had maybe 3/4 choices and nothing left an impression on me.  Writing this review I can't even remember what I consumed that day.  I do however remember the food being lukewarm =\ . . At $45 per person I want to be able to rave about what I ate...shoooot!  . . I bottomless mimosas ($12 extra per person) made up for the disappointing food, but I suppose I could've had that anywhere.  I most likely won't be back here.
Overrated. Food mediocre not worth the wait!!!. Preferred Aria's Buffet. . The line was too long. You line up to pay then line up again to get a table. Once in, we discovered half of the restaurant was empty. Also didn't like that silverware were dirty. Check them before you put in mouth!. OK here's the food scoop.. Korean kalbi (short ribs) were CHEWY too tough for me !!! Watch out if you have dentures.. Chicken wings in small pot was cute & good. Smoked salmon- too salty. But the salmon with mandarin orange on top was good. . Sushi rolls- call it rice rolls not much fish. Watch out for Berry platter. A lot of squash berries plus some had molds.... Yuck!!!. . As for dessert, they had a good selection of gelato. I enjoyed my pistachio but not the best. My friend had the mint chocolate but it tasted like Listerine. . . We definitely did not get our money's worth. Aria were coming back to you.
Came on the Saturday after Thanksgiving. Very disappointing this time around. I used to be a huge fan of their separate dishes and especially of their Mac n cheese dishes. They removed them completely and instead put in a Mac n cheese bar. Sounds good, right? It's so much worse than their pre-made Mac. The only thing I enjoyed tonight was the 5 spice pork belly. Very lacking in the veggies and no sausages whatsoever. Only this "homemade" sausage, which wasn't even. Very disappointed.
I heard so many wonderful things about the Wicked Spoon, so when I finally tried it, I was incredibly disappointed.. . We went at 10:30 on a weekday. No line whatsoever. Was it our timing? I don't know. All I know is that the hot food I put on my plate was already cold when I sat down. I should've done what the husband did: get a made-to-order omelette. By that time, though, I was no longer interested in any more savory food. Cold, tough potatoes and a cold, flavorless eggs benedict will do that to you.. . At least the desserts were good. The chocolate covered strawberries were excellent.. . The hype, and the $26 price tag for brunch, set my expectations pretty high. I was pretty cranky- and not close to full-when I walked out of there. Unless someone else is buying, I won't be back.
Food was meh, okay. Not amazing and life changing. Not awful. I liked the apple and kale salad, wicked Mac and cheese, and the desserts. The passion mango sorbet and chocolate covered strawberries were awesome. . The price was fair - we went on a Tuesday around 11am. It was $26/person. Here is where they went wrong. My husband and I weren't aware and were never told that with that price it included a glass of champagne, mimosa, or a Bloody Mary. We could barely get our server to give us water and coffee. She seemed so annoyed being there and so she never mentioned this minor detail to us. When I heard the table next to us ask her about it when we were about to leave, she confirmed. So on our way out, I mention it to some employees standing around. Their solution? Offering me one of those drinks to go. I think they missed the point and they missed the chance to have us visit again. Will not be back. . If things had been made right or at least rightish, they would get higher stars.
DON'T COME HERE FOR DINNER, go for lunch!!. . Dinner for my date and I was $101!. . CONS:. -1 star off because we called to ask them what the price was for dinner on Friday and they said $41. When we got there is was actually $47 a pop. Why do you lie to me Wicked Spoon, why? This is a buffet and there is only 1 price tag for that night's meal so it does make me wonder if this was even an accident. Also there was not a lot of people there that night.. . -1 star off because food was MEH. Crab legs were small and too salty. Bone marrow was nothing special at all. I heard it was famous, but my mom buys beef bones at the grocery store for $1 per lbs to make soup broth and when I eat the marrow it tastes just like the ones they serve here... bland and unflavored fatty marrow. So why they are hyped up, I don't quite get. :(. Korean bbq was too salty, sushi selection was just bad. Ramen bar was super adorable but not good :(. I enjoyed the mushroom truffle pasta and all the shrimp in their dishes were very large and juicy! But overall despite the really cute and pretty display, the food did not wow me, especially for the price tag.. . -1 star off because of the price. For their dinner deal there was NOTHING SPECIAL HERE. Unless you count the crab legs which was really weak. I would say go here for lunch only if you pay half the price for the same thing, then that would totally be worth it.. . PROS:. +1 star because the food is displayed beautifully and the little containers and mini pots for the food is soooo adorable. :3.. . +1 star because although the food was not up to par for $$$, the venue is gorgeous and the DESSERT BAR WAS GLORIOUS. So many options. :)
Dinner buffet was pricey and didnt live up to the price. The dessert selection wasnt as diverse as the one display on yelp pictures. Totally disappointed even with all the 4 stars overall reviews by yelpers.
Used be told that this buffet is one of the greatest one in Las Vegas, and that is the reason we choose here for Lunch. However we find out that this restaurant is highly over-priced, and there are more than 3 reasons it is rated only at 2 stars:. 1. The food variety: there are so few choices. I used to have the lunch buffet in Paris hotel 4 years ago, and that has about 3 times more different food than this one. The restaurant space is quite small, For the meet, there is only: Galbi, beef, ham; and the Japanese sushi and Chinese food are worse than any two star restaurants. Btw, there is no mexican food, and the French food are basically: three different cheese. On the other hand, I have to say, there are tens of different deserts, and they are really really SWEET! So sweet that you can only have no more than 5 of them and then you are full!. 2. The food quality: For the desert, it is too sweet to be eat healthy. For the Japanese food, it looks cheap, only four different sushi (California, Fried shrimp, vege, and one another fish). For the Chinese food, only broccoli, steam rice?. For the Korean food, only the Galbi, nothing more. For American food, two pizza choices + one sandwich. Really. The steak tastes pretty good, which I think it suppose should be good for a $$$ buffet. Besides that, the yogurt is the only best thing we like.. 3. The price: highly, highly overpriced. For one person, the price is 42$ after tax. While the quality and food variety makes me feel I am in a $ buffet. The price would be reasonable match the food/services it provided if it is around 20$.. . BTW, there is a long, long line for both payment (you pay first before you get in the waiting line), and a long, long line for waiting to be seated. In 11:30, there are around 40 people wait in the to-be-seated line, and 50 people wait in the payment line. How crazy it is? I think most of them are like me: have no idea about what they are going to experience, and they wait there for the hope to have a nice buffet. . . The conclusion: I will never come to this "Wicked spoon" buffet again!
Meh. . . Came here 3 years ago and recently visited again. About $40 for brunch and an additional $10 for mimosas/bloody marys. Wait time prior to getting seated was about an hour. There's 1 line to pay and 1 line to get seated.. . Food was alright. Didn't have a particular favorite and wasn't wow-ed by anything. There is pork belly, kalbi ribs, prime rib, bone marrow, and the crabs rolled in at around 3p. I liked the kale salad and farro salad but I was here to get fat. Dessert, although presentation wise looked appealing, were not that great. I'd stick with the gelatos and chocolate covered strawberries. . . Our server was attentive but chefs didn't seem happy to be there.. . Honestly, it'll probably be another 3 years for me to visit again. Over-priced for what they have to offer. I'd wait longer and pay more for Bacchanal.
We stayed at the Cosmo during Thanksgiving week. We checked out Wicked Spoon at lunch on Thanksgiving day. We were a party of three. We waited for more than an hour to get a table. What concerned us was that parties of 6+ down the line were accommodated first. It was aggravating as we thought the line was a first come first served system. As we waited patiently, more bigger parties down the line were passing us. We talked to the manager, his flippant response was that there were more tables for big parties. I say great customer service does not discriminate on the size of your party. No, I'm not going back to this place.
4 hour wait for lunch?! Are you kidding me?!?
Very disappointing. So many better buffets than this. Even their California roll sucked.
Wicked spoon was wicked gross. . . Tried to go to caesar's buffet but alas it was sold out. Decided to give wicked spoon a shot. Maybe it was because I had high expectations from anticipating caesar's buffet, but I definitely was disappointed by wicked spoon this evening. . . Everything was ok, but I expect more from a buffet on the strip ($47 / person!). The selection was mediocre and the execution of dishes was subpar. For example, the fried chicken was slightly soggy and wasn't crispy enough. I was super stoked that they had bone marrow but the bread accompanying the marrow was super dry and was toasted far too long. . . Unfortunately, I will never come back here.
Wicked Spoon is wicked bad. Seriously, I mostly ate the vegetarian and desserts dishes to fill me up. The Korean short ribs were hard and not warm. You can't even chew it. The ramen - don't even get me there....the soup was super salty. The crab legs were alright. I don't remember eating anything spectacular. I'm so glad I didn't wait an hour for this. . . The atmosphere and table settings looked very nice. Too bad the food lacked a lot. I've been to plenty of buffets in Vegas and Wicked Spoon is the worst of all buffets in my experience. Better off going to the Bacchanal Buffet at Ceasars.
This place used to be excellent but the food quality has really gone down hill. Prime rib and short ribs were not tender. Pasta bar used to be better. Sushi was just OK. Dessert bar was still very good but they started running out of gelato and were limiting the portions.
Had high expectations after seeing endless lines this week, so we went. First, the official website doesn't list prices so we relied on other listings.  We found it at $41 for Sunday night but when we got there is was $47! Then the line to be seated was short but we had to wait about five or six minutes just to get escorted to a table.  . . While all the photos you see give the impression that there is a huge variety, the offerings were not all that great.  For instance, in the "Asian" area, there were very few offerings. No pot stickers. No sweat and sour chicken. Just a couple of sushis. In the salad area there was no lettuce to be built up with additions such as peas, onions, bell peppers, etc., and no selection of dressings.  They do have several 'prepared' salads but nothing appetizing. . . They did have several pizza offerings in small slices (not a big problem since you can have unlimited numbers.) I didn't even see the 'Italian' section.. . We might not have been so disappointed but the hype was big and we had just been to the MGM Grand Buffet last night and it was cheaper and much, much better.
This place is so mediocre compared to Bacchanal in Caesar's Palace. . . We went for dinner on Christmas Eve. The wait was 2+ hours and not worth it. The food is okay. Paella, brussels sprouts, steak, and fried chicken weren't fresh at all, and quite salty.  I did enjoy the kale salad and the passion fruit chiffon dessert, but those alone can't justify paying $50 a head.. . Just do yourself a favor and go to Caesar's Palace.
Came at 3pm on a Saturday on the recommendation of family.  From the outside the decorations looked so beautiful and luxe that we expected the same of the food but sadly it was not great.  $40 per person plus tip for hot food that was cold and over salted, chewy meat.  We were so disappointed.. . The only parts we enjoyed were the cold foods (that were meant to be cold). . . If I pay that much for a meal I expect a lot more.  Preferred the buffet at the Wynn hands down.
