My friends and I wound up eating here 3 days in a row because we were staying in the hotel and everything was comped for us, so I'm not exactly sure of the price. I think it was around $35 for dinner which I did not think was fair because their selection was so small.  I would say that there are much better buffets on the strip but Aria buffet is still better than the really bad ones like Ceaser's Palace's buffet.  But still I've had better food at buffets off the strip.  It is very fancy though, we were each served wine and half of a lobster which was fine but I was bothered by the black clumps that were not cleaned from our lobsters.  It's a nice restaurant but it is still typical for a buffet.  I can't say anything was memorable about this place other than the decor.  Service was kind of shoddy also, they expect tips but they don't provide excellent service.
This place sucks. Food is ok but the people sucks. I had three empty plates but kickin it on the table waiting for someone to take it. They walked by me five times on my second plate. I should have went to the bigger buffets
Unfulfilled and dissatisfaction would probably best sum up my experience Sunday night at the Aria Buffet's signature "gourmet dinner". It is unfortunate that a property such as the Aria would fail to have a buffet that matched it's elegance and stature.. . Expect to pay around 37 dollars for  Sunday night's special gourmet dinner (I'm assuming the price is the same for Friday and Saturday nights as well).  I found the selection to be rather limited ... for this price I expected much much more.  Prime rib was decent ... though it was immediately canceled out by the second-rate lamb sharing it's carving station with.  Crab legs were decent but certainly nothing to write home about ... the rest of the selection were pretty mediocre at best.  Certainly not enough fresh fish selection the likes you would expect at say the Bellagio.. . The gourmet dinner also included wine which is a nice touch ... unfortunately the only red available is a Merlot (and as you guess ... I'm not really a huge fan of the Merlot ... but I'm  not holding that against them - it's the thought that counts).  The dinner also provides for "one Maine lobster" per person .... however, I was not told that this "Maine lobster" would be a teenage lobster at best.  In fact, I'm pretty certain that this lobster had just got done asking it's parents for it's first iPod Touch before being plucked from the ocean's floor and served at my table.  Had I known in advance I would have spared his life and came back for him a year later.. . The buffet did have some delightful naan bread (Aria boasts the only tandoori oven available at a Vegas buffet) ... however the curry that accompanied it was a bit pedestrian.  The lone bright spot for me was the dessert - it was certainly the highlight of the entire meal.. . I feel horrible writing such a scathing review for a meal that I didn't even pay for (it was comped by the hotel ... though later returned to the casino via the craps table).  However, for the price they are charging I feel that there are certainly much better options available.  Picking this buffet is like getting two face cards in black jack only for the dealer to beat you by having 21 - you expected to win ... but in the end ... reality kicks in.
It's a great hotel...so why shouldn't it have a good buffet?. . I was sorely disappointed. This buffet lacked selections. They tried to be different and unique, but they fail miserably. Every dish at the Aria Buffet tried to be a little bit different than yourtraditional Las Vegas buffet. So it sets up the expectation for more refined flavors and quality. Well, . . The Indian station is interesting, but the flavors were unauthentic. The Chinese station was terrible...I'd rather eat at Panda Express! The Sushi station...ummm, I almost missed the 4 types of very ordinary and cheap rolls (and there was so much rice in the sushi that you could hardly tell it was sushi!). The "sage" rotisserie chicken had no flavor. The smoked pork chop was humongous...but had very little smoke flavor.. . The crab legs were good, but the melted butter had no flavor. The prime rib was good (and rare!), but the whipped horseradish was terrible...there were clumps of cream...and I had to use my fork to break up the cream and mix with the pure horseradish. Really???. . The desserts really piqued my interest, and since I didn't gorge on the savory items like I usually do at buffets...I had plenty of room for dessert! So here's my rundown:. . -Gelato was great, but such a limited selection.. -Creme Brulee was delicious!. -Cheesecake was not rich enough nor was the crust hearty enough.. -Sugar-free Chocolate Cake was decent...but couldn't they use some Splenda?. -Cookies were so-so...I've had better at cheaper buffets. . . The service was standard buffet service...not impressive. For a hotel like Aria, I certainly expected this to be a much better experience. I can easily find a better meal in Vegas for $27.99!
I have to agree with Herbie H. Review. I love the Aria but they have to take their buffet up another notch. The selection was so so and the taste was lacking. It also gave me a school cafeteria feel that I hated so much back  in highschool. So that's why I give this place a sorry 2 star.
We went for sunday brunch , i like the fact they open at 7am, i figure everyone still sleeping nursing late night hangovers. I was right at 7 am only a handful of us old folks in line. . The buffet was very limited and not many items. For about 25 bucks a head you should get more. The hot foods were mostly breakfast items what happend to the lunch part of brunch. Very sad. Everthing was fresh as it should be since we were their early. Still can't believe a beautiful casino , ' upscale" would have a brunch that was so simple. Spend a few more bucks and go to wynn, or bellagio.  Service was fine.
Since I spent my last trip in Vegas staying at the Aria, I figured I might as well check out their buffet for dinner one night.  Overall, there is not much to say- it was a good buffet, but for Vegas it seemed pretty standard and was nothing special (note: I did go on a Monday night and have heard that weekends might be better).. . For the most part, the food I had was good.  I spent most of my time downing roast beef, shrimp, and snow crab legs.  I also tried a variety of pastas, pizzas and other dishes.  But again, although all of it was good and tasty, none of it was special enough to say it was really amazing.  . . On the service side of things, the wait staff was a little slow at first, but as the meal went on it seemed to pick up a bit, so I'm not sure there's really anything to complain about.. . In essence, the Aria buffet was simply unremarkable.  I don't really have anything bad to say, but I don't really have anything good to say either.  In Vegas, I would expect better.
I am a stickler for not only good food, but also quality food... That being said, I definitely will not be returning to this buffet. The food was edible, but the lack of selection and spotty service makes this a place that I will only need to go to once in my short life here on Earth.
For a buffet in a nice hotel such as Aria you would expect a little better in selection for a weekend lunch. They really lacked a variety of food selection! Service is also a bit slow. Several tables in our selection had to wait quite a long time to get any drinks. To be honest, I'd probably not eat the buffet here ever again. There are many other better choices available.
Rumour told me this buffet was awesome but I really disliked it. I felt like I was at an asian buffet in Toronto. The venue itself was big and tables were far apart with high ceilings, meaning noisy level is controlld. The food itself has lobster (not that great), Japanese table for sushi/sashami, Chinese table for dumplings/dim sum, pasta table (choose what you want in it), and a table for other cold cuts or Indian food. A lot of variety if your willing to try it all out but the food is so-so.  For desserts, limited selection of ice-cream (6-8), cheesecake, chocolate cake and cookies. The cost included unlimited drinks and house wine (which is more like water to me). If you want to eat a lot; this is the place to go.
It's a Vegas Casino Buffet, everyone comes to one expecting a lot. I wouldn't come here again to eat because:. . 1) There are smaller casinos in Minnesota that offer a larger variety of food. 2) The sushi was not good; the rice was hard and the fish not fresh. 3) the waitresses are unattentive, rude, and forgetful. 4) the prime rib wasn't as rare as it should be and on the dry side. 5) for the same price you could walk over to The Buffet at The Bellagio for a wider variety, better service, and more quality food.. . The only things I did like about this buffet were the choice of deli meats, and the quality of their flan. But those two alone would not get me to step foot in this buffet again.
Stay Away Stay Away Stay Away!. . There's literally 10 better buffets within a short distance.  I have NO IDEA how they could have come up with such a lousy buffet at such an expensive property but, shazzam, they did it.. . Just not good.  The only reason I don't give it 1 star is because I reserve that for places that are nearly or actually inedible.
i visited for weekend brunch and for as new and as pretty as Aria was, i was expecting better. the desserts were good, food was mediocre, but the service was terrible. i don't know if it was because everyone was having a bad day or what, but very few of the staff were smiling... and the waiter who brought drinks to my table even complained that he had to cover too many tables.
If I can best describe the Aria real estate, it would be a frigid fortress of modern and industrial lines.  With that, I surmise that its open floor-plan buffet dining room is aptly designed, resembling a mid-sized Silicon Valley tech company cafeteria or a strip mall's Todai.  This is not a compliment.. . The food here mirrors the aesthetic; nothing stands out.  Everything is rigidly assembled without any artful flair similar to lesser off-strip buffets.  The seafood and meat selections here are dry, while the salad bar is just average.  This is made exponentially worse by the fact that the buffet items are limited.  . . The stand-out section, however, is their dessert bar and gelato.  Though half of the pickings here are highly flawed to inedible, the other half may satisfy your sweet tooth to some extent.  . . Though I have only been here twice, I must say that the wait and bus staff are friendly -- but, unfortunately, understaffed to be fully attentive.
Honestly, the only good about the buffet was the complimentary lobster and the all you can drink wine. I thought the food was below average for the price. I wont be going back!
Not that great of a buffet.  Not much selection of food over the weekend.  Weak in fruit and desert selections.  Better to go to Wynn or Cosmopolitan (across the street) if you want a good buffet.
I ate at many buffets in Vegas. The Aria buffet is overpriced and not impressive.  The staff were friendly and quick with drink refills.  The food was the same standard generic "buffet food" you can get any any 3 star hotel in Vegas for half the price.  The seating and atmosphere were great but they totally dropped the ball with the food. Check out the Wicked Spoon inside Cosmopolitan, that's an amazing buffet.
Buffet is worth 4.95 very dissapointing coming from Aria. Only French toast, tofu salald and gelato were good.. . The wait and price totally not worth it, save your Vegas Money and go somewhere else!!
Kind of a disappointment after reading the reviews on yelp. $32 for brunch on Saturday afternoon (I ordered it without the champagne). The food didn't look appetizing. I did go back for seconds for the roast beef and parfait. Save your moolah and try another buffet.
like how the rating says "Meh. I've experienced better.". The reason we went here is because someone told us that the chef is the same as the Bellagio, which is the one we originally wanted to go.. . I've been to the Wynn and Rio buffet before... I think Wynn is the best i've tried so far.. but I heard the Bellagio one is crazy good! I'd say, Aria was OK.. I'd rather go to the Wynn.. . Next time.. im going to try the Bellagio one.. maybe its as good as they say.. :T. . btw.. we also heard the line here was shorter than the bellagio.. actually we didnt have to wait.. it wasnt bad but it wasnt good...
I suppose if you were to compare this place to other buffets--like, say, The Golden Corral--then you'd say the food was better.  Then again, the Golden Corral doesn't cost $40 either.  And that was the price for dinner at Aria on a Sunday night.  With that, you get the buffet, half of a small lobster and apparently limitless red or white wine (though certainly nobody seemed in a hurry to offer refills).  . . The buffet did have an interesting assortment of items.  I saw one man attacking the crab legs and shrimp as if he had not eaten in months and we felt someone would come along at any moment and drag his food away.  . . The bread pudding and bananas foster both seemed pretty outstanding among the desserts.  As for the food, it seemed fresh enough.  There were several options for ceviche.  Some Chinese food.  Nachos.  Pizza.  A carving station with beef, ham, turkey, and salmon.  And an actual salad bar.. . There was absolutely no item in the place that made me think "I will have to come back for this."  Yes, you can eat a lot and get stuffed--but is being stuffed really the goal of eating?  There are so many other places from which to choose in the area that I'd much rather spend $40 a person and come away feeling pleasantly full and having a memorable meal elsewhere.  . . Again, as far as buffets go, it may be great.  I have no idea.  I'm not a connoisseur of the buffet.  As far as restaurants where you'll spend a couple of hundred dollars for a small party to eat, there are many, many better options.
Part of staying at the Aria Hotel is that we were given $100 for resort credits that we could use daily. So, instead of wasting extra bucks, we ended up trying this buffet place. The service was poor, they were really slow in getting our drinks, and the food was way too dry and not much choice. Oh well, what do you expect for free food? I'd suggest to go to another hotel if you plan not to ruin your taste buds to get nicer brunch menu!
Aria...oh sweet Aria. I loved my room and the entire property however your buffet was a dud!. . I had high hopes after waiting an hour in line :(. . Mediocre at best, small selection of oddball food options.. . Nothing stood out except the dessert macaroons. The dessert section is good, however not enough to warrant a repeat visit. Word of mouth is important and the words that will be coming out of my mouth regarding this buffet are not good. . . Is not a good sign when the one memorable item is a freakin macaroon cookie! For shame!. . No second chance will be issued, I am one and done!. . Food was cold, that was a huge issue.. . Don't waste your time!. . GO TO THE M RESORT...STUDIO B BUFFET...now that is a buffet worth talking about!
The Buffet at Aria is not a bad place to go for brunch or dinner, but in a town where every major property features an extravagant buffet, Aria's version falls short.. . I had brunch at The Buffet twice during my stay.  The space is clean and well-kept and the layout is much more straightforward than many other buffets on The Strip.  The selection, though, is relatively underwhelming compared to almost all other buffets I have been to (the lone exception being the smaller scale Cafe Lago in Caesar's Palace).  The taste of the food is about average--definitely a step above Wynn (the worst of the buffets I have visited) but not quite as good as Bellagio and Paris.  I would note, however, that the Eggs Benedict were a major disappointment, and I can't figure out how their "only Tandoor Oven in aLas Vegas buffet" comes into play.. . Service was about par for the course--meaning too few servers trying to staff too many tables.
came here for the brunch buffet... and of course when in vegas... eat your heart out! hmm... actually, that's my motto for everywhere and anywhere you go.... . . the buffet is just ok... selections weren't THAT great...and nothing really stood out from the selections.. . my advice... stick to the Buffet at the Wynn.... if you're gonna pay $30 bucks for a buffet, stick to the Wynn... never fails there.
For such a new hotel, this place is not worth it. No prime rib at lunch, service was horrible, I waited ten five minutes and grab my own high chair for my 9 month old. The crab legs was frozen, bus boys walking slow and taking their time. I had to clear my own plates. Good thing the table next to us left, i piled it ten high until someone noticed and came to clear the plates.
Face it, you're going to the buffet because you want to get revenge on the Aria casino.  How many hours did you spend in the casino last night?  If you're like me, 18+ straight.  Your sole mission is to eat one or two thousands of dollars of snow crab legs and shrimp.  Reality check - it ain't happening.  The food here was decent, but nothing special.  I did eat as many crab legs as possible, but after the3rd or 4th plate, it just tasted bland.  I do love how they split them in half for you.. . The other food there, such as the flank steak, the portuguese sausage, spaghetti, french fries, some asian stuff, mashed potatoes, and sushi were just average.  They didn't even have soft serve... C'mon man.  Soft serve.  Who the F wants lime flavored gelato?. . The Aria is on my black list for at least 2 years.  Go somewhere else for a buffet.
$35 for brunch, fewer selections of food than Bellagio's buffet. The quality of food is Okay, Not that great of taste. Not worth the money paid.
Pros: unlimited Wine and 1/2 a lobster free with buffet dinner. . Cons: Food is just ok in the buffet, my lobster was tough and gross, and the server rarely if ever came by and so our unlimited wine was only 1 glass.. . I would rather go to nicer buffets on the strip with better food and better prices.
I'm not a huge buffet (or breakfast) fan, but my BF loves them so we went for breakfast on a Sunday. Luckily, we are MLIFE members so we got to cut the line, which the lady was saying was an hour wait. Huh? I would never wait that long but I digress.... . Their credit card machine was not working so they were having to call in the numbers which was a process. Plus, the lady that took my card was a total B____ and acted like it was OUR fault that the machine broke. . . The best part of the buffet was the crab legs and shrimp. The crab legs, though, were cut/sliced, so you never got big pieces. I guess it was nice not to have to crack it, but it was not very fulfilling to just eat slivers of crab. The shrimp were big, and the cocktail sauce was good. . . The rest of it was just ok...the eggs benedict were nice, but the hash browns were soggy and the sushi was mostly rice. . . I don't think this is worth the $33 (with champagne...which only got refilled twice).
super inflated price ($45) for a sub par selection.!. . TIME SPENT. 1 Dinnertime meal. . LAYOUT. spacious, comfy seating, upscale look.. . SERVICE/FOOD. perhapes the SMALLEST buffet selection i've ever had in my 4 years living in Vegas.   there is nothing on the menu that you can't find with a larger selection at other buffets...   and the limit of ONE small lobster tail per customer to substantiate the inflated price is seriously insulting...   . . my waitress was cheerful and attentive at least.^^. . PRICING. $45 for a $15 meal...  Aria, who's the marketing genius behind your buffet.?   drop the joke portion of lobster and double your buffet selection.    even the "taste" of the food items is average.. . CLOSING. rationalize this...   you're competing against MANY other buffets and you want to stand out how.??
It was decent. They're not as accommodating as the Wynn though. I was with my cousins baby who can't eat a lot of things because of allergies. All we asked for was a banana and they couldn't give it to us. They said they didn't have any and that we weren't special. They had bananas foster in the dessert section so I'm pretty sure they have bananas. We went here for the breakfast buffet. The only thing cool was that they had gelato and crab legs for breakfast. But honestly, it was just blah.....
I feel like this buffet was nothing too special which made me sad. The Aria is such a pretty hotel with other nice places to hang out and eat and this was just less than what I expected. I should've taken my 30something bucks and just gone back to the spa and brought a pastry from Jean Phillipe with me.. I was underwhelmed - the spread is not exciting at lunch. I guess I expected something new, special. This hotel buffet could have been in Vegas 5 years ago, and this hotel just opened last year.. The saving graces for me were three things: the fried rice - that was very good and not drenched in soy sauce or greasy; the cooked to order pasta bar, which was delicious; and the dessert table which was pretty and I had two creme brulee. . I wouldn't come back here. Take a 20 minute walk over to Wicked Spoon.
$34?! I've experienced better for less... . . The only thing that redeems Aria's buffet is the fact that they sliced the crab legs for you. Other than that.. nothing. Maybe the creme brulee, but their dessert selection was horrible. No macarons.. For $35, no macarons? Really? Bread pudding looked dry, I heard the gelato was no good. . . Initially they had nigiri in their sushi section, but when I went for seconds, they only had California rolls and other cheap rolls. Their prime rib was good. They had naan and vegetable masala; both were good, but I can eat that stuff at an Indian buffet for like 8 bucks. Didn't have much variety at the Mexican, Italian, or Asian stations. . . I was really excited to try this buffet since it's at one of the top hotels/casino in Vegas, but I was very let down. Also, their service is horrible. I never once got a refill on my ice tea, couldn't even find the waitress to ask.. . Oh, we also had a huge party like at least 40 people or so. So the person organizing it had spoken to them previously and we had a reservation for 6pm and they would only give us 2 hours to eat and charged us 20% gratuity. Then they totally forgot about the reservation, so the whole crowd of us just stood outside for a good 30 minutes for them to clear up tables for us. Um, thanks. And 20% gratuity? It's a buffet!  15% or 18%, I can understand. And as I've mentioned before, their service sucked. . . Not impressed at all. M resort and Wynn are way better. I haven't been to the Belagio in awhile, so I can't compare that. . . Go elsewhere, it's really not worth $35.
Exactly - "Meh. I've experienced better". Take your money some place else, definitely was not worth it. Very average and mediocre buffet. . Aria could do a lot better job than this.. pretty disappointing.. Nothing stood out for me, I'm not a crazy fanatic of crab legs, for all others i guess that would be the only highlight of the entire menu. . . Go next door to Cosmopolitan's Wicket Spoon Buffet.
I'm not a huge fan of buffets in general, but this buffet is definitely nothing to write home about. I should have realized that there was a reason why this buffet is significantly cheaper than all of the other buffets on the strip. . . The only okay thing about this place was the crab legs, but you really have to dig for the good stuff. Other than the crab legs, there was nothing too appealing about the food. . . Service was good though. Our waitress was always ready to refill our drinks when they started to get low, which is something that usually doesn't happen at buffets.. . Anyways, if I were you, I'd walk the extra half a mile over to the Wicked Spoon buffet.
Decent buffet but definitely not worth the $37+ per person on the weekend.
The Buffet, like the rest of Aria, looks promising, but somehow is just oddly off.  It's a vibe that says "Hey, we're new and sleek and modern, isn't that enough?".   There is some good food, and most of it is okay, but not really worth the long wait and the price they charge.  Also, the layout is really odd, with all of the food around the outer perimeter of the seating area.  Depending on where you sit, you may have to walk a long way to see it all.  I guess that's one way to burn off the calories.   Also, there are no self-serve drinks.  That may be okay for a place that isn't very crowded, but with the number of people they pump through these buffets, it doesn't cut it.
Bit of a disappointment. Since the hotel class is comparable to Wynn & Bellagio, I compare their Buffet to Wynn's & Bellagio's.. For one, their pricing are almost the same. We came here for dinner. When you go and survey the place, it would look like that you will have alot of selection, but you don't. One section was serving Indian food, so one section was all Hummus, Baba ganoush and stuff. In short, just sauces.  I like and appreciate Chicken Tandoori, when I tried it, it was  dry, looks like it was over cooked. I went back to see if the other batch would be better... looked the same, so I did not bother.. The Prime rib was okay. I tried their Italian section, I like their clam & Mussles soup. Their pasta selection was "lifeless".. . Their dessert section is really good, but not enough to make me want to come back and pay that much.
Food was good.  On weekend dinner they have all you can drink wine.  For bottomless wine it was decent, the only problem was that the server only refilled my glass once and I had to ask her to do it.  Service was just meh.. . Be warned: if you have the shrimp, you will have to pull off all the crap yourself.  . . Ambiance was just OK.  I would go to the Wynn or even the Bellagio before I'd return to this buffet.
The food here was all just okay. Nothing tasted horrible but they didn't taste good either. I went on Thursday so maybe the good chef works on Friday or Saturday when they have their Gourmet dinners. . . I would say the best item here was either the prime rib (for a buffet place, it's good) or else the cocktail shrimp. The sauce was perfect and not a skimpy shrimp and it was decorated very well. My favorite thing here was the desserts. The Whooping Pie was like a mousse filling with a soft chocolate cake around it.. . The thing that saved our evening here, was our waiter was just AWESOME.
Really Aria? Really?. . We ate here on a weekday and not a weekend (where they have lobster) and my oh my was it ever disappointing.  $30 for a weeknight buffet, knowing what I know now, we would have went to M buffet or even RIO for half off local special.  BUT now we know, and knowing is half the battle (G.I. JOE!).. You'd expect a lot more from a place like ARIA. . . SUSTENANCE: Food was okay.  The problem was the selection, not a very large buffet. The night we went they had 2 slabs of meat , prime rib and beef brisket at the carving station.  The Prime Rib was a little dry and not as good as other buffets that serve that cut.  The brisket was a bit better and was very tender and delicious. They had a plethora of salads, i enjoyed the spicy shrimp and the orzo salad, not too bland and good flavor.  Crab legs were chilled and pre-sliced leaving you to do little work to get that oh so succulent crab meat.  . TIP: You can have them steam your crab legs if you ask!. . They had the typical fare for the rest of the buffet and though the selection wasn't that large to begin with you can tell they were at least TRYING to be a good buffet. There was a trio of Indian fare (chicken in curry and an eggplant dish were pretty decent), some Italian selections (pasta station w/ choice of 3 sauces - pomodoro, alfredo, and i forget the 3rd), Mexican station (gauc, shredded beef, umm I couldn't find tortilla shells), and a Chinese area (typical Chinese food - chow mein, orange chicken, etc).. . Dessert was good.   Cinnamon bread pudding, red velvet whoopee pies, and carrot cake with a strawberry sauce were my fav's.  . but still... . You'd expect a lot more from a place like ARIA. . . AMBIANCE: Modern decor with bright colors and tiles on the wall.  A little plain and one person in our group even mentioned that it felt like we were eating at a hospital cafeteria. We all agreed. . You'd expect a lot more from a place like ARIA. . . For $30, I would rather walk across the bridge to cosmopolitan and eat at Wicked Spoon Buffet for $5 more.  If you want to eat here just to "try it cause you've tried all other buffets" (the reason we ate here) then by all means go right ahead, but If you trust your fellow yelpers...skip this one.. You'd expect a lot more from a place like ARIA.
are you in vegas? do you want to eat till you drop or have to unbutton your pants? well, buffets are definitely the way to go! aria buffet on the other hand... well meh.. i've truly experienced better.. . aria buffet... it's just alright. nothing too special! you would think that in such a fancy hotel such as aria the food would be great. i came here for dinner with my boyfriend. there wasn't a line. we got seated right away.. . they gave 1 complimentary lobster for the boyfriend & i. the lobster was not that great to be honest. but i guess since it's a buffet and its complimentary i can't exactly complain. don't be greedy with the crab legs like i did, because i didn't want to waste food and made myself stuff it down. it wasn't that great either. i squeezed so much lemon on those suckers but still the lemon just didn't want to be on those crab legs.. . snickers cheesecake wasn't good. i liked that they had gelato however it was limited in flavors. the cranberry juice here is like one of the best i've had! so i would highly recommend that! . . gosh i grabbed a little of everything and i would have to say the chicken noodle soup and prime rib was the best. thank goodness the meal was free. i'm really glad we didn't have to pay for this meal because it so wasn't worth it.. . i tried the sushi section. it was just okay. i can't complain because its a buffet. buffet sushi isn't ever truly that great. fish wasn't exactly fresh but wasn't exactly nasty. just tolerable. . . service was decent. i would have appreciated the waitress having a little more of a smile on her face. she actually looked pretty mean. . . if you're looking for a good buffet, i'll recommend planet hollywood!
Meh.. . You'd expect a brand new, snazzy hotel to wow you with a marvelous buffet...it was mediocre at best.. . My worst experience was getting burned by a VERY hot metal serving spoon right in front of a server, dropping it, and him giving me a condescending look. Really? . . The waitress tried to get us drunk by putting 3/4 champagne in our mimosas...it's not bad, but I'd like to also taste the orange juice.. . Food included Asian, Mexican, breakfast and roast beef with the works. There were no tags or signs, since they hand write it on the glass covers...hope you can read their writing. . . And as for the dessert? 3 kinds of oatmeal cookies, chocolate whoopie (tasteless) pie, flan, and ice cream. I read the desserts were amazing.........where have people been comparing these to, hometown buffet? They were, at most, subpar.. . Not worth the $40+ per person + $6 drink.
My girlfriend and I are veteran Vegas buffet junkies. We've been to almost all the buffets on the strip and have been going for years. Aria's buffet received two stars not because of the food quality, but because of the disappointment factor. We expected a Wynn or Bellagio quality Buffet for the price and location, but it was well below par. The other reviews are very appropriate, it is very drab and boring inside, someone said it looked like a cafeteria, they were about right. If you went for the lobster, don't set your hopes too high. The lobster was dry and you only receive half a lobster, it's like Todai.
While the entire buffet scene in Vegas have gone downhill over last few years, this one is especially BAD.  . . I came here to try their Sunday "Gourmet" Brunch.  Its 32.95+ tax but the it was a huge disappointment!  In Short, don't waste your money to come here.. . The line was non existent when I came.  I felt it was not a good sign.  The foods were quite mediocre.  They have alot cutbacks for their brunch.  King Crabs are gone, snow crabs instead (Like Wynn).  FYI, King Crab only available on weekend dinner so I have been told. The quality of the crab is....crap.  Soggy and soft.  Lack of flavors.. . Rest of the foods were non remarkable.  The presentations weren't good so did the taste of food.   Dry steaks, dry salads. Horrible Asian stations and their Italian station didn't look too good either.. . Their desserts are one of their best tasting station to save this review from having 1* only.  I like their cheese cakes and apple pie but rest of them are just ...blah.. . Save of your money and go somewhere else.  If you are on comp.  Try to venture other a la carte dining options in this hotel or other MGM properties.
Occasion: Brunch with MCT friends . . What I Had: Weekend Brunch ($41 total) . . Food Review:  Was unimpressed. I am convinced that the $41 price tag is mostly due to a premium to avoid the wait. The $35 (before tax) buffet at the Wynn trumped Aria by a long shot. Their asian food was gross: the chow mein was soo salty, the dumplings were strangely chewy/rubbery on the edges, and their fried rice had too much soy sauce. The breakfast food was average. The sushi was maybe TroGro level sushi or similar to Safeway sushi. I was disappointed with their breakfast burrito as well, which was so saturated with hot sauce that I couldn't taste any of the components like egg or sausage. . . I will say that the desserts here, solely in terms of taste, were for the most part just as good as the buffet at the Wynn. I had their strawberry cheesecake with white chocolate, and it was delish. . . Service Review: Self serve. . . Venue Review: Although there was no line whatsoever and plenty of seating (chairs and booths), the buffet had to be at least half the size (or maybe even a third or quarter the size!) of the buffet at the Wynn. They also didn't have much unique selection (e.g., the buffet at the Wynn has croquettes and other cool and normally high-value items). . . Overall Impression: Unsatisfactory! Aside from the clean and classy decor in the Aria, the buffet had little to offer, especially compared to that of the top buffets on the strip, and especially at that price.
Very dissappointed to find that they substantially lowered that qualities as well as quantaties when I drop by last Monday! And dont go there on working days since they dont have unlimited wines or lobsters on that days--this embrassed me a lot as I brought my friends here for these!
There's a reason why Aria's buffet is one of the only buffet's in Vegas in which you do not have to wait in line. . Like most Vegas buffets, they feature foods from many different cultures: Asian, Mexican, American, etc. The quality of the food is subpar, especially when you're paying 35 dollars for brunch. The only customized made to order items were the omelets. There was not much quality food selection for the price. The only really expensive thing were the crab legs. If you want to get your money's worth eat like 2 dozen crab legs.. However, there are 2 redeeming factors. 1) the desserts. Their dessert selection was great (though Wynn's buffet is better) They also had plenty of options for people restricted to low sugar diet. They were all well plated and delicious. 2) the service. The service was great. We had drinks right away and our server always replaced our beverages before they were empty. This was very helpful since we were very dehydrated after a long night drinking.
The line was super long and not worth the wait.  The interior was promising, but the food was almost decent.  About the only thing I liked was that the food stations were more spread out compared to other buffet set ups.  The food was uninspired and inconsistent with the hotel itself.. . Other important info: spread out food stations, uninspired offerings, long waits, TVs available while waiting in line.
As far as buffets in Vegas go, I was less than impressed with The Buffet at Aria. Their food and presentation is about as "creative" as the name. . . For $30+ (Brunch on Saturday) I would rather grab something smaller, not AYCE or hit another buffet. Vegas has too much to offer to settle on this place ... unless you're too drunk to scurry elsewhere, then you're screwed.. . The scarce highlights include:. . - The company - if you bring good company, apparently, you can spend HOURS in this place picking at food and sucking up all the champagne your body can handle. . . - The Service - For the most part, the cashiers and servers were friendly. . . - Breakfast Pizza - it has sunny-side up eggs on it!. . - Mint Whoopie Pie - I only picked it up because it was the most attractive thing I saw on the food line. The center cream stuff was good. I didn't eat the rest if it.
let me get straight to the point: don't come here!. . i paid $38.00 for a mediocre meal...and that was just the lunch price!. . it's a typical buffet with a variety of food but the food wasn't amazing at all. the only items i really enjoyed was the prime rib and dessert bar..... . refund please :(
All I can say is this place is overpriced for what you get. Yes, they have lots of selections but the food is not that good. Coffee horrible. My stay included two buffets. This place is not on my return list.. $30 for lunch buffet.
Came in on Thursday night at 9 p.m., and around 1 p.m. on Saturday. If I hadn't been comped the meal on Saturday, I definitely would not have  been back, but you know, free food is free food, even if it is mostly crappy food.. . As someone who's been to various buffets over the past 20 years, for quality/value, I would rank Aria at the bottom of the list. The Saturday "gourmet" brunch was basically the same thing as Thursday's dinner, with a 5 dollar price hike, some salty breakfast  sausage and stale hashbrowns thrown in. . . I paid extra for the unlimited wine thurs, and the champagne saturday, and both were disgusting. the wine made me feel like ripping out my tongue, and i had to drown my champagne with oj. for context, trader joe's 2 buck chuck is at least 20x better than the aria house wine.. . food. thurs: indian was tasty, sushi was aiite, and prime rib was dry & tasteless, even with au jus.desserts were mediocre. they looked good, but weren't . anything special.. . sat: same thing. but with breakfast items. i tried the french toast just cuz i love french toast, and of course, it's impossible to keep french toast french on a buffet line, but the flavors were there.. . service:. hit or miss. thursday's service was a tad bit better than saturday's. it was extremely slow both days.. . overall: this experience made me miss the buffet at the indian casino near my home. =( the price is extremely high for the quality you get, and someone even slipped fell on what looked like chocolate syrup on the floor. lady was down for quite some time. . . if you want a decent  buffet on-strip, i hear wicked at cosmo is the way to go. if you are willing to drive, i highly recommend the M buffet. it's the best one I've tried so far.
This buffet was sad times considering the other fabulous buffets in Vegas.  Really, they're kinda in a hidden type area of the Aria, so maybe they're hiding out and when someone stumbles upon it they think, oh well, I don't know where I am anyway so let's just go in!. . I love me a buffet, so going out to Vegas is exciting because it's like buffet country.  I barely picked up anything in my graze of the stations.  Nothing really looked that appetizing.  It's definitely a smallish buffet, but I'd still think quality over quantity for the mola you're shelling out.  . . The only good thing was the dessert bar.  I always enjoy a soft chocolate chip cookie and brownie.  So that kinda made things better, but not really.  If you stumble upon this place and you haven't eaten in days and you're starving it would be fine.  If you have the time to meander to anther... I'd pick that option!
Worst buffet on the Strip!. . Last weekend, my boyfriend and I were on the hunt for dinner. Considering that fact that we were already staying at Aria, it would only be right for us to check our the buffet of the hotel that was housing us.. . Luckily, I redeemed an offer that included $110 in credit at Aria, because the bill came out to around $85+ for the two of us. We grabbed a seat and started filling our plates. The King Crab legs were the things that attracted me first so I filled my plate. It was nice that the legs were already halved so using the nut cracker wasn't necessary, however the quality of the food here was just meh, or subpar. We also had a whole lobster which was also just okay.. . I wouldn't come back again unless forced and it was comped. Thank goodness I had the credit!
For the price that we paid $38 for dinner was a scam! Food wasn't great! The prime rib was over cooked, the lobster that we got was dry, the BBQ rib was dry. Selection of food is poor, the carnival buffet at the Rio has better selection then at the Aria. ..
We stayed at the Aria over the 4th of July week and were excited to try out their buffet as it was rated top 5 on the strip for 2012. Well, we were disappointed to say the least. There werent a lot of choices. What was out on the floor wasnt that great. . . It wasnt all bad. The dessert was super delish and the presentation was out of a 5 star restaurant. And the staff for the most was very attentive and super nice. And we found the Naan to be superb! . . Price point was alright. Except for their fancy Dinner on Thur-Sun. About $46 bucks gets you lobster for two and unlimited wine. They can keep their wine and lobster should have been thrown back into the sea. Bc it looked small, over cooked, and just downright tasteless. I didnt have it as I feared for Poseidon's wrath for eating too much of his sea family already throughout our stay. Sorry little shrimpies but you are too yummy. . . But we came for the food. The food was blah at best. So sad for a hotel that screams "opulence, i has it" as you walk through the front doors!
I havent been very impressed with this places.  If you are looking to spend this type of money just go to a great steak house dont waste your time or money.
Meh. . I've had better. There are so many buffets in Vegas, and this one is definitely on the lower side. It's almost $50 for dinner because they add lobster and unlimited wine, but it's still not worth it.. Service was INCREDIBLY slow... I asked for a refill on my water about two times before finally receiving one fifteen minutes later.. Food was okay, not bad at all, but not worth the price. . Desert bar was typical. Gelato, creme brulee, etc. Tasted yummy, but they have those selections in almost every buffet. . I love staying at the Aria, but I probably won't ever eat here again. . I recommend Wicked Spoon in Cosmo! Yum! :D
This is a rather disappointing buffet for the money. Chinese is not so Chinese. Italian is not so Italian. Japanese is not so Japanese. Indian is not so Indian. If you are hoping to eat everything, you end up eating nothing. Drink and dessert collections are poor. Make sure you put down a decent tip when you pay your way in, otherwise don't expect much service from the waitress/waitor. The idea of pre-paying tips is ridiculous.
don't do. . . NOT worth the 33 bucks. Will never make this mistake again. Unimpressive is being kind.
Short end of it: Save your money/calories/time!. . I decided to use up some of my resort credit on this place and the only positive thing that I can say is that I was definitely not hungry after.. . First of all, I am a huge crab fan. I can sit for hours eating crab. However, Aria, much like other buffet places on the strip, have found a way to totally ruin the crab experience for me. How? They cut the crab legs in half! Now some of you are probably thinking, "this makes it easier to eat". For a crab eating veteran, all this does is to frustrate me. Over the years, I have honed my skillz at cracking, pulling out the 'crab tendons' and then freeing huge chunks of crab that provide a great melt in your mouth feeling experience. When the crab is cut in half, the tendon is still in there and you have to scrape it off. The result is shredded crab. In addition, since they were sliced in this fashion, the meat tends to dry out....but you didn't start reading this review about my pet peeves of buffet crab, you want to know about the Aria Buffet.. . The buffet is not as pretty looking as some of the other high end buffets on the strip. Someone else had mentioned cafeteria feeling, and they are right. The intent was supposed to be a high end feel, but it ended up feeling sterile, like hospital sterile.. . The food was a mixed bag of foods from all over the world. Asian, Mexican, Indian (they have a tandoor oven), American.....along with some cut cheeses and meats. All the food was executed poorly. The brisket was shoe leather tough. I come from brisket country and I know that the brisket presented there was several hours undercooked. The prime rib was tender, but not very flavorful. I also would have preferred it to be more on the rare side. You already know my stance on the crab legs. The tandori chicken was forgettable (bad thing for Indian food). The desserts were pretty poor too (I will give them a pass on the ice cream/gelato/sorbet). . The whole experience made me think about the buffets on cruise ships. Cruise ship buffets can be hit or miss, but there is always something tasty to eat. I once read that the food budget for one of the mass market cruise lines is around $7 per person per day (pastries, breakfast, lunch, and dinner). Considering I just forked over $35 for this meal, I was even more depressed (I know it was resort credit, but I could have eaten at another venue for that credit).. . Don't get me started on the service. All I can say is that I felt like I was an annoyance to the server. Cmon people, smiles are free and they go a long way!. . Not the worst strip buffet (that goes to the Riviera), but not too far off.. . So...if you are thinking about it...don't. If you absolutely need to do a buffet, try somewhere else. This is an expensive way to feel not hungry!
This is for their weekend brunch buffet. Honestly, my review might have been about 3 stars maybe if it wasn't for the fact that I found a piece of HAIR in my food! It was a very short, kind of curly hair, which I'm pretty sure we all know what that would remind us of if we saw it in our food. YUCK!! It completely ruined my appetite and I wasn't able to eat any of the main entrees after that. I found it in my medium rare brisket, which I thought AT FIRST was really good, but after seeing that hair I could barely keep it down. The other food I was able to eat before I got the brisket was average. Nothing I'd go crazy for and tell my friends to pay $25. But I wasn't able to try out everything since I got the brisket in the beginning of my meal.. . After a while I decided to try out the desserts. They all looked appetizing, as does most buffets with desserts, but they tasted average. Except for the strawberry shortcakes OMG heaven!! As far as from my experience, that is the only thing I'd go back there for to eat.. . My friends and I were having trouble deciding on whether to go this buffet or Cosmopolitan's Wicked Spoon. But since we've already been to Wicked Spoon we decided to try this place.  And now I'm sad to say I would have much rather gone to Wicked Spoon than this. It may be a couple of dollars more expensive, but the quality and diversity of the food is definitely worth it.
Didn't eat here but did a walk through. As a preggie woman, there was a lot I couldn't eat. Stack of king crab legs amazing. Sushi. Deli section. Nothing impressive.. . One of the smallest buffets I've ever seen in Vegas.. . I'm glad we did a 'tour' first before deciding on where to eat that day. I wouldn't have been happy with the selection.
damn this place is expensive! and  the quality of the food is just so so! I have tried many other buffets in vegas and I still think Bellagio buffet is the best....
Had dinner buffet at Aria which is a gourmet buffet and includes unlimited wine. It also includes half a Maine Lobster per person for $38.95 each. So at those rates I expected a lot and I'm sorry to say I was highly disappointed. The server we had was not the best. The lobster was small and over cooked. It was so soft I could crack the shell with my bare hands. The highlight of my buffet experience at Aria were the cuts of meats. The skirt steak, prime rib, and brisket were delicious, very tender. The pork & beef ribs were dry.  Sushi selection was basic and the other selections were simple. They have a special oven that cooks Indian Naan bread which was very good and the tandoori chicken was very moist. I've been to many Las Vegas buffets n Aria does not make my top 5 list. For them to call it a gourmet dinner is misleading. The presentation wasn't even gourmet. So if you're in Vegas and willing to spend $40.00 for a dinner buffet, try The Wicked Spoon at The Cosmopolitan which is a walk across the bridge.  That's more gourmet, just no lobster.
oh em gee... terrible food and terrible setting.. . I HATE buffets, but went here because a dear friend of mine talked about it for two days and insisted on going. I am glad that I went because it reconfirmed why I hate buffets. . . There was a HUGE selection, but a huge selection of crap. You had your usual prime rib, seafood, mexican food, sushi, asian fusion etc.- all lacking in quality. I don't remember specific details, because there was so much food, but what I do remember is that they used snow crab legs- - lame!! I am not asking for stone crab, but at least Alaskan king or something more meaty. Way better options in Vegas... tsk tsk
Such a nice hotel with such sad food. I was overall disappointed, even though the venue was nice. Saw some people from the Glee TV show there, but nothing worth writing about.
You would think being one of the newest resorts in Las Vegas, and smack in the middle of all the action, that The Buffet at Aria would be top notch.  Any but!. . I went with a group of 4 on a Wednesday at 12 noon.  There was a 30 minute wait.  No big deal for a quality buffet.  Once we got our table, the service was prompt and good.  This is why I gave it at least 2 stars.  If the service was poor, I would have given none (1).  So why the poor rating? THE FOOD!  They pride themselves on all you can eat crab legs.  And they had both hot and cold to select from.  I tried both.  Both were very dry and little on the meat.  The legs are cut length wise down the middle, so you get one really thin side of meat to eat, which takes a lot of work to get a small dry and flaky reward.  They have several stations to sample different parts of styles; Asian, Mediterranean, American, Mexican and a couple others.  The Asian sucked.  Noodles were bland and the Korean ribs fat and greasy.  The Prime rib (which was actually Ribeye roast, not Prime) was dark throughout.  There is a cold cut section which was tasty, but all the cheeses next to it were cubed.  So if you wanted to make a little sandwich, you were out of luck.  I tried a pepperoni pizza bagel and waited until a fresh one came out of the oven.  When I got back to my table to eat, it was soggy in the middle, disgusting.  I tried a few other things and overall wasn't impressed.  The dessert section had a lot of variety and I sampled several items.  All were pretty good, except for a lollipop cake.  It was gross.. . All four of us had high hopes for this buffet.  The Aria hotel is super nice and has an upscale look inside and out.  So to pay $35 and for this meal was a huge let down.  I'm not trying to be overly critical, just accurate.  Trying the one at Caesar's next... I hear it is amazing.  Hopefully I will remember to post a review
The buffet at Aria, although revamped, is mediocre.  We got in at about 3:15 p.m. on the lunch price for dinner.  Since it was Christmas Day, the holiday brunch buffet items like scrambled eggs, eggs benedict were still on the buffet at 3:30 p.m.  The items were slowly changed.  Not worth the money.
We have been to many buffets in Vegas and this is one of the worst! The crab legs are a joke! The rest of the food is barely edible. The best thing was the salad which does not say much! Go to Caesars Buffett. Much better!
Buffett was moderate at best - absolutely not worth the $50 per head we payed and 60 minute line we stood in. . . Crab legs were the best part, although some of the meat was caked with ice. Everything else I tried was average to below average. . . No self serve beverages and service was terrible. Didn't bring drinks til we were on plate #2 and no refills. . . Would not return.
This was my second visit at Aria buffet. I came back the second day after Aria was reopened in Nov. It was a great disappointment. Is it just me? I didn't see much difference after reopening! All I knew was they took the lobster away!!! . And everything was either cold or lukewarm (except soup). Where the hell did they spent that 3.5 million dollars on? The only things I liked was clam chowder soup and desert section. For dinner buffet price of $40 per person during weekend,  I am so staying with Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon!
OVERALL: I went here for the weekday lunch buffet for $21.99 and to be honest was a little underwhelmed. While the buffet was clean, nicely decorated, and the personnel were all fast and friendly, the food did not live up to my expectations. . LUNCH DISHES: The best items were the beef brisket and the snow crab legs. I found that the rest of the stations were satisfactory but not good enough to go back for seconds. . DESSERT:In my opinion the gelato was the best dessert and I liked that they had a large variety of flavors to choose from. The other desserts that I tried (cheesecake, cake pops, cupcakes, and some cream-like dessert in a shot glass) were not that impressive.
We visted this place several years ago and throughly enjoyed it. I would have rated it 3.5-4 stars back then.  Oh how the mighty have fallen. On our recent trip we had dinner here and it was bad!  Alot of the food was old and cold. The king crab legs tasted like salt licks and a large number of other dishes were too scary looking to try. The prime rib and desert section was Aria's only saving grace. The gelato was housed in a revolving freezer that sort of reminded my of a Ice Cream Pistol LOL.  Avoid eating here as this is no longer a good buffet.  There is an all you can drink option for beer and wine for $12.99.  I suppose if you drink enough the food might taste better LMAO. . The lobster shown in photos is availble on Fridays and I think Saturday, the price is considerably higher and you are limited to 1/2 lobster tail per person.
Brand new but super confusing, with too many complicated and unappetizing offerings. Took me three fricken rotations through the stations just to find the bacon and eggs benedict were not to be found. Super dissapointing for $20 breakfast!
Hit up the buffet on a friday night after checking in because we had credits for the buffet with our stay. Great selection from a variety of cuisines. Everything looked great, but some of the flavors were off and weren't cooked well. It's to be expected a bit with a buffet. The crab legs were good though. I was a bit upset because it was later in the night and they were removing dishes, especially with dessert, so we felt rushed. Moments after we we received our final drink and coffee, we were told that we needed to leave so they could close up and we couldn't finish our drinks. I get it somewhat, but not exactly friendly. Not the best experience, but others have had better.
Went at around 3 PM and stayed until 4:30 to get both brunch and dinner food.  The food was not very good.  Alot of it "looked" good, but when i tasted it, I was always dispointed.  Honestly, the best thing was the mac and cheese.  The sushi was terrible.  The pizza was OK.  The cook to order pasta was pretty good.  The fish and chips were pretty good.  A cheese station was pretty good.  The eggplant rotini thing was not good.  The desserts were terrible even though they looked amazing.  The "Indian" food was not good at all.    The salmon was terrible - it tasted like they cooked it in a s hitton of butter but it still had no flavor except for the butter.  Go to Bellagio.
You know the buffet is doing an awful job when it's customers leave hungry.. . I went to the omelette station and ordered a vegetable omelette with fresh eggs. I noticed Leopold put egg beaters in there, so I told him that I wanted fresh eggs. He gave me the stink eye and said "it's the same". I said I didn't want egg beaters, so he dumped it out and put some vegetables in the pan again, but this time he didn't let it cook, resulting in a very runny omelette. Also the eggs were undercooked, salmonella anyone?. . I think we had a server, but it could have been the abominable snowman cause I never saw them. We didn't have spoons to stir our coffee with, so made do with the handles of our knives.. . I was really not impressed with the selection of food, the ones that I did try were disgusting. I thought, I'll just have a bagel. It was a brick!. . My wife and I had only taken a few bites and decided to leave and go somewhere else to eat.. . The only reason I'm giving this place two stars is because I complained to the manager on the way out and she was genuinely concerned about the experience and refunded our money.
I wouldn't recommend this buffet. The customer service is terrible. It's tough to eat at a buffet without a single water refill. . Also, I got a pretty serious case of food poisoning soon after. I'm quite certain that the shellfish was the culprit.. . On the positive side, the selection was very good.. . Not a great experience overall.
At first glance, I thought the overall appearance of this buffet was very unappealing. There was very little in the way of food presentation and the large block lettering above the different stations labeling the type of food to be found there was very cafeteria like. Still, it did make everything easy to find. I did like the fact that they had a lot of ethnic offerings even though most were pretty bland. The food tasted like it had been sitting out for a while but that is to be expected at a buffet (can you tell I'm not a fan?). The service was decent but again my expectations were low. One thing I found extremely odd was that they didn't have fresh utensils available along with the clean plates.. . I probably would not come here again based on the food but I gave them an extra star since the price if you have a players card is very reasonable. They also offer a $12.99 add on for unlimited alcoholic beverages. That's a great value though we did not partake on this visit.
This was our first buffet in Vegas. The decor is modern, beautiful, and sleek just like everything at Aria. Food was ok though. We paid  about $35 per person before tip. The food was disappointing. Had the crab claws- was ok - I felt that they sat there for awhile and it wasn't refilled enough. Had the shrimp cocktail - two big shrimps in a small shot glass- pretty presentation and good since the size of shrimp was big. Everything else was cold. We went on to dessert and was not impressed. I had the flan and it was ok. Our waitress was just ok- we had to wait awhile to get drinks. Btw, you pay at first and then get seated. The cashier asked if we wanted unlimited alcohol for $12.99 and based on what I saw I declined. When we we were seated, they had more details about the drinks unbeknownst to me so I wanted to order that. The waitress said because I didn't order at beginning, it would cost an extra $1- what's up with that? Not like the buffet was cheap. By the time she came around, I was full and didn't want to order any drinks. Would not go back again. Go to Ceasar's buffet, more expensive but totally worth it!
We couldn't go to Vegas and not experience a buffet, but I did not want to waste one of the "real" meals experimenting, so we went for breakfast right when they opened at 7:00 in the morning.  Although the place is very clean and there are a lot of stations, it just did not impress me.  Things are not really labeled well (off the actual spot or not labeled at all) and some of the offerings are less than spectacular (dry white rice with crappy soy - not Kikkoman, lackluster breakfast pastries).  Our server was super nice and entertained my need for many beverages, but I just didn't feel like this lived-up to the $19 price tag for me.  There were some Mexican and Mediterranean offerings that also seemed really odd for 7 in the morning (curried cauliflower? full chips and salsa bar?)  I ended up just eating a bunch of the Asian stuff (shrimp dumplings, potstickrets, fried rice, noodles, rice)  and calling it a day.  I really had hoped they would have had miso soup on that table or more than like 3 dry cereals .  Where is the shrimp and grits or biscuits and gravy??  Why don't you put a juice bar out and get rid of all the salad - this was not brunch time or a weekend, but they acted like it was.. . Skip this and head for a real breakfast or spring for the Bacchanal at Bellagio.
We had been really impressed with the opulence of the Aria and decided to try their buffet on account of the gluten-free pizza (I am gluten-free by force, not choice. I would never give up pizza on my own.) The line was long (a good sign, right!) and the tables were full, so we paid and waited. While waiting, we realized that despite the fact we had NOT ordered their endless drinks, they had added a gratuity to our bill. There were only two of us, and all we wanted was sodas (which we thought would be self-serve.). . No, they have servers to bring you drinks. Why? It's a buffet. Seriously, I can carry my own drink over to my table. I understand if you had ordered alcohol, but they should have a section for people that order the drink-add on option. This appears to be an excuse to add gratuity to every bill despite making it appear like something you can choose to do.. . The food was okay -- I particularly liked the steamed crab legs, but the pizza was sort of ... zinc-y. I don't know how to describe that better -- it had a weird metal taste. all in all, the Monte Carlo was a better choice for us. The asian dishes at the Monte Carlo were better too.
quick note.. i'm not really into buffets.. i prefer quality over quantity.. and this buffet just wasn't very good.. . . although it wasn't very busy.. it took at least 15 minutes to get seated.. there was a decent selection of food.. nothing really stood out... nothing was truly awful..
Points for variety-- but nothing was done very well.. Not the place to go for sushi-- although the seafood was pretty good, fresh. Much better seafood restaurant options available in the Aria complex. It was satisfying food, but disappointing because I heard so much hype about Las Vegas buffets this was nothing special.
I was really keen of the previous version of the Aria... But the new buffet, even if it looks nicer, is way over priced and not as god as it used to be. The quality of the productshave decreased a bit, like the croissant are not as good, the beef was dry and no taste, the cheese is dry, etc... Definitely, not a good review for the buffet I was really in love with! Too bad... I will not go there again and I strongly suggest that you choose another buffet (like the Wynn, the best on the strip from my point of view)
We went here bc it was so highly rated on TripAdvisor.  Should've listened to you, YELP. . . So many buffets to choose from, and at a comparable price ($40) to Como's (Wicked Spoon) and Encore's -- this one pales in comparison. . . - The line to get in seems to always be really long, except at random hours that aren't usually when people eat. - We went after reading all about the crab, but this is where we were most disappointed (and entire Yelp Star off) for the crab (snow, king):  they served it cut in half (length wise) which means you're getting little shards of meat, not those heavenly huge chunks you can get when you crack it yourself. They also serve it cold (read: it's completely frozen) and steamed (limp, soggy, gross). - Huge selection, so if your goal is to stuff your face you're all set and you'll be in heaven -- but if your goal is to taste really well-done versions of international foods-- then this is not your place . - Sushi/sashimi are terrible
Went here since we got a free meal for booking the hotel.. Kind of feel bad to talk bad about a free meal, but i just was not impressed with the food here.
I was really looking forward to eating here since most of the buffets in the newer hotels are pretty snazzy. Boy, was I wrong. . The line moved pretty fast which is a definite plus for a buffet on the strip. Lunch price was $26 per person on a Tuesday. Eeks!. My initial judgement was that this was not nearly as bog of a buffet line at other price comparable hotels. They have like 8 (I know that seems like a lot but it really isn't) stations. Although I really dug that crab legs were included in the regular buffet, everything else we got was mediocre, at best. We came around 1 pm which is pretty much prime time for lunch, but everything in the trays looked like it had been there for quite some time under those heat lamps, thus making everything look old and unappetizing. I made about 4 plates trying to get something I liked but ended up leaving 80% of each uneaten. Service was ok, (and we even tipped 20% in advance, something I regret) but the drink glasses were so tiny we definitely should have been checked on more than 2 times in an hour and a half. . I tried to eat the worth in dessert but that was a failed attempt in every category except the gelato bar. . I would probably never return here again, as I would rather shell out a couple more bucks for a better buffet at the hotels next door.
My husband and I came for an early dinner (after work). The buffet looks really nice and SEEMED clean. So lets go blow by blow:. Price: kinda expensive ($74 for 2). Waitress/server: RUDE as all hell! Now, I suppose I wouldn't have been overly concerned with her jacked up attitude if she was that way with everyone but she absolutely wasn't. The white couple next to us got the pleasant voice and got checked on frequently...we were kind of left there like the red headed step-children. I am a firm believer of tipping ones wait staff (I usually drop 20% b/c I know these people work hard and that's how I show my gratitude) but she all the way killed it as soon as she opened her mouth. She had ample time while we were eating to redeem herself but she threw herself under the bus when she was only nice to one table and not the other. . Food: literally half of what we ate was really good, the other half horrible. We made a point to try everything to get our $74 worth lol! The cheeses in the Italiano section were ok, the mozzarella kinda melted and that made it taste weird. The roast beef seemed extra bloody. There was an open faced pork bun that tasted like sea water it was so damn salty. Pesto, Mexican section, seafood soup, seafood jambalaya, sushi, salad, beef brisket, mashed potatoes, both gravy's, banana in some butter sweet syrup, Rice Krispie treats, and ice cream were on point. Everything else was over seasoned somehow including the king crab. Meringue cookies tasted gross along with the coconut macaroons and the flan was somehow bland tasting. . Manager: the manager stopped by our table and asked how everything was for us, we took that opportunity to let him know we were displeased with our server. He apologized for the experience and told us he would take this feedback and use it as a training tool. He was a very nice guy and I appreciate that he was checking up on folks and checking out the food area. . He seemed diligent about his work, I can respect that. Sure enough as soon as he leaves, our server gives us the friendly voice and asked how we were doing...yea be nice in our last 5 minutes lady, sounds like a great idea =P . Cleanliness: my spoon was dirty...turn off in my book. The table was a bit sticky as well when we were seated. . Overall: the hotel area and the casino are very beautiful and full of abstract art pieces. As for the buffet, we won't be coming back...or taking people here; just a bit expensive for the quality of the food. I just hope my pregnant ass doesn't get some kind of stomach bacteria from the mozzerella being out in room temp for a long period of time. The little seafood cups should have been on ice as well but they weren't.
Straight up this Buffet kinda sucks...sorry Aria, I gave you 5 stars as a hotel/casino but your Buffet  blows.... . Food was all kinda over cooked and crusty, sushi was gross, they have some kinda Indian tandoori station that was awful....the only saving grace was the desert section. Next time I will just hit the cafe or one of the other 7 restaurants in the place....or even just order room service.
no one really expect prime dining when going to a buffet. and this one is certainly not. Still wonder why we made is there? Probably the fixed price $37 per person (not cheap but affordable in vegas) as we got burned by an mediocre restaurant the night before @ $120+ per person. . It is basically a combination of savorless cafeteria food, calorie galore dish that satisfy no other intent than stuffing yourself as much as you can to make your $ worth it.. But no it's not good. Service is below acceptable. And atmosphere is a mix of a jail cafeteria (of what In think a jail cafeteria is), a economy waiting lounge in a train station,  or a feeding troff for people with scooters
Didnt take long to figure out what was going on here. The Aria is so unapologetically expensive coupled with the fact that it is actually laid-out to make money that you come to the buffet just looking for a good deal.. The reason you will pick the buffet for breakfast is bc there is no coffee makers in the rooms, no place to buy a coffee besides starbucks, and the line for starbucks EVERY MORNING is about 25-45 min. It literally wraps around the outside of the store. If you do get your coffee here its about 2 bucks more then any other starbucks. So you go looking for the buffet bc you are almost going to spend that much picking up some drinks and a few light snacks.. . The buffet will have a line but its a line for food, right? The staff is not cheerful, the waitress's were talking about personal business while deciding where to sit us. Thats never bothered me before but we stood there for awhile while they chatted. The server was SHOCKED that I would ask for coffee AND a coke?! . The Aria bills there buffet as being special "a new kind of way to buffet" or something? because they have international stations. THIS IS NOT NEW ARIA.. . Some of the international offerings at breakfast are a huge station for dim sum, egg rolls, chinese food (same every morning) hummus, babaganoush, the cucumber sauce, flat bread - all average. Like the stuff you get at the olive bar at a grocery store, maybe even less flavorful. No one was really eating it.. . There is enough breakfast options to leave you really happy the first day. But by the second day you will be trying to find something new. So like me, maybe you will try the beautiful salad bar. 3 different types of lettuce mixes, 3 choices of dressings, and a man to spin it in a bowl for you... Until you get to the topping choices, garbanzo beans? canned beets? The only thing I could find to put on my salad was carrots! No fresh cut veggies, no nuts, only blue cheese. It was so weird. The shrimp was good but the cocktail sauce was not fresh. The one mussel I got to try had an enormous barnacle inside so I passed on that. I did eat a lot of bagels and lox but I know a small part of the population are into smoked salmon for breakfast because I happen to be a chef.. . Overall I used to be in charge of the buffet at a 4 star hotel in Texas and  our buffet was far better. Made to order omelets, some kind of roast with a sauce (they have roasted chicken with brown gravy that was dry), a bunch of different premade mixed salads with fresh veggies and marinades. . . But again, if you dont come to the breakfast buffet you will spend as much or more at the Aria Cafe/room service/ or the hellacious starbucks with the 25 min line and spiked prices. . . So enjoy the buffet!
There are buffets in Las Vegas much better than this...I'll start by advising you to go somewhere else.. . There are "international" stations to choose from for different dining options. I tried their pepperoni and veggie pizzas, which were very bland. I also wanted to try the Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food, as I am Chaldean, but was sadly disappointed. The hummus was too "rough" and the tabbouleh was more brown than green. I tried a curry chicken dish which was pretty good, but ran out quickly and was never put out again in the time I was there. I had the same experience with the mac and cheese...which was delicious. It's the best thing I had there. They have a lot of desserts to choose from. I tried the mini mint cupcake and a mini gummy bear strawberry cupcake, not only are they cute, they were good too. My husband tried the cinnamon bread pudding and loved it, he said its the best thing he had there. . . The flow pattern was odd, which made it confusing for everyone walking around. There was no order, just people aimlessly walking up to stations and in your way the entire time. Granted, I understand it's Vegas and it's busy, but other buffets I'vebeen to had a decent flow of the restaurant allowing people to take want they wanted, walk past what they didn't, and keep the line moving. People had no direction and were all over the place.  . . There is a long line at all times, but the wait isn't worth what you're getting. Our "waitress" Danielle brought us water and coke then disappeared for about 20 minutes. We watched her serve and attend tables that came after us, but even after being flagged several times, she wouldn't come to us. My husband asked another server named Samantha to start taking care of us and our experience got a little bit better after that. Overall, I wouldn't recommend it.
So disappointing. I expected great things from the Aria, but their buffet is comparable to Palms quality if not worse. I love buffets and I love the Aria hotel but I won't be coming back to the buffet unless it's free again. The selection is small and the flavors are mediocre at best. If you have the choice, go to the Bacchanal down the street or even the Wynn. The value there is so, so much better.
I thought the buffet was very average. There was nothing special about it.. . I received complimentary buffet passes since we were staying at the Aria. The dining area is clean and well kept. The food is divided into sections: Asian, Mediterranean, Italian, seafood, etc. They have the typical peel it yourself shrimp, steamed king crab legs, and mussels. I didn't find any of the food to be good. It was all very average. I thought it was cool how they bake their naan fresh. Having dined at the Wynn and Bellagio buffets in the past, I can say this buffet is behind in many ways.
There's no doubt that other than gambling, you can't leave Vegas without having a buffet. However, the heydeys of Vegas are long gone with the cheap AND delicious buffets. Now everything is classed up and they come with a hefty price tag. This includes the buffet at Aria. For $56 for a dinner buffet, I have to say it was most expensive and disappointing buffet I've been to in Vegas. The place looks like they have a lot of variety but half of it are not what I would crave for at a buffet. I ended up mostly getting stuff from the Asian cuisine but even that was lacking. The dumplings/ dim sum looked like they have been picked through. The shrimp pad thai didn't have much flavor to it. I didn't try it but the the tandoori chicken was overcooked according to my friends. The best one was probably the mac n cheese drenched in truffle oil. Comes in a little iron cast dish, which could be a meal in itself. But overall, it was not worth the money. I would have rather eaten at McDs instead if only we weren't starving.
All the meat was poor quality and overcooked. The dim sum was OK, great cured meats and cheeses. The shellfish was awful and the crab legs with ghee was my favorite part. The dessert selection is great but many poorly executed dishes. I only went because of proximity,  would not go back, and think it was very overpriced for the quality.
They say you get lobster but they lie.  Pretty much pissed.  I called before arriving and asked if the lobster was included they said yes but we were informed after paying and being seated that is no longer the case and its been that way for quite a while apparently.  Food not worth 43 bucks a person.  I really didn't like the food.  It was cold, old, with films on top of everything.  I don't know maybe it was a slow Sunday night.  Took one bite of everything appealing to me and nothing but the crab was good enough to make it to a second bite.  I would never waste my money here again.
Mediocre at best.  Gave it 3 tries. Won't come back. Most of the hot dish platters looked like they had been sitting there for ages.
This was such a disappointment.  Expensive and the only reason we went, was for the  kabobs, however they did not have any, nor did anyone seem to care when asked about them.  Crab legs were small and flavorless.  Expensive for what we got. Friends went earlier in the day and said the selection was much better for the brunch.  We had eleven people for a birthday dinner and was not cheap.........Did not seem fresh.  The gelato was however, excellent.
Was underwhelmed. I ate there twice while staying at the Aria and the only reason I went the second time is because I had a food credit. Wouldn't recommend it to an enemy. Most of the food wasn't at the correct serving temperature, some items tasted like it was cooked some synthetic oil, and the variety left so much to be desired!
Food here is decent but for the price you pay it is not worth it at all. If I'm gonna pay the same price range as Bellagio or Wicked Spoon, then I want the same amount of options. Thank God I had a $100 food voucher and didn't have to pay for this place,
My husband and I ate here. what a disappointment. False advertising people!! The food was cold and not good! The salmon tasted funny the Mac and cheese was a step above a cafeteria and the sushi was dry and chewy. Way overpriced what a disappointing experience. If you want an amazing buffet go to the bellagio.
Although ARIA is my favorite casino on the strip and I usually stay here for my Vegas trips. The Buffet at Aria is a big PASS. Their food is not great, and when you have a selection of the best buffets in the world, this just does not come close. . . I'm finding a hard time writing the review just because there is not much to say. They attempt to offer dishes from around the world but everything falls really flat and there just isn't enough variety for it to be called much. We got in here for free with our hotel stay, but if we had to pay, I definitely would not be back.
