Sightseeing location #2: Bellagio Hotel & Conservatory of Flowers. . +: fancy flower arrangements upon entering; nice displays everywhere worthy of a second look; good layout so not easy to get lost; beautiful fountain shows every 15 minutes. -: some security guard who yelled at the pedestrians for unable to leave the hotel entrance during NYE b/c the streets were packed with people. . . The whole experience at Bellagio was surreal b/c the hotel was absolutely gorgeous! If not for the run-in with that rude man who was shoving everyone out, it would have been an amazing experience.
i cant wait til i save enough money so i can spend a night in a room at the bellagio! its been too expensive for me.. i have toured elsewhere around the bellagio, and love everything about it! their ceiling is pretty awesome in the lobby area. theres also a glass horse located in the lobby too, like a disco horse! the bellagio fountains are also a major plus! i will edit my review once i stay a night here in a room and maybe it will be bumped up to five stars.
Beautiful casino!  Had a great time but the slot machines are a little tight.  Video poker was great and the rooms are excellent!!!
LOVE Bellagio....now and forever. You're in Vegas....it screams it...pretty people....high end tables...$25 cocktail----put money on a table or in a slot, kids! Beautiful rooms....and smells.....clean....unlike some other casinos on the strip that pump Apple or some musk that reminds me of old man meat through their vents..... . One complaint....the Conservatory this trip around was hands down weak....It was a Chinese New Years theme and it was plain slapped together like my tacky neighbors Christmas display. I can't wait for their next scene....maybe a wonderland theme like the year's past? If you have never been to the Conservatory, it's always fresh and WORTH the walk and changes every season.
Great buffet.  I had to subtract a star because they ran out of the chocolate cookies at 7:30pm...but I did have 5 other desserts that were quite good.
This is more of a, I stayed here for a few hours and left review, than a complete one. I have always enjoyed this hotel. It feel upper class, it is always clean, the people are nice and the theming is enjoyable. . . The casino was large and easy to find games and the aura of it felt cleaner then other casinos. You can tell when you go into a smoky air casino and it just feels stuffy. Not here. . . The Conservatory (garden) had a theme for the Chinese New Year (Rabbit) which was interesting. The stores were nice the the fountain show to Elvis's Viva Las Vegas was pretty nice. I had a good experience here and always come back when I am in town.
I've never gambled here but i love walking through this place.  It is beautifully designed and the water show is always a treat.
What can you say? It's the Bellagio. Beautiful hotel that stands the test of time. Loved their Christmas display. The only reason I knock off 1 star is for the air system in the casino. Other hotels have figured out how to quickly change the air in the room from all the awful smokers, but not the Bellagio. If you don't know what I'm talking about go stand int eh new Cosmo casino and smell and feel the difference...the fresh air actually blows through the room...awesome.
I love wandering through this place!  Over the years I have been here many times.  Haven't spent much time playing their slots.  Took my sister to a great dinner once at Noodles which is affordable and always has a line.  . . Some of the must sees:  Just off to the West of the check in area there is a garden which changes themes 3 or 4 times a year with animation ans water jets.  Just West a bit more is a patisserie with a huge chocolate fountain.  I happen to have always eaten just before but the wares are quite tempting, if you can find a place to settle and eat, all the way down the hall seems to fill up any time of day.  And cannot forget the water show out front, the trees have mostly grown up and that stretch of Las Vegas Blvd is a pleasure to walk, even in the summer.
You can't beat the location of Bellagio, it is located in such a center of the strip, easy to get around to other hotels on the strip by cab.. . Service is good, i like the new idea of charging a daily resort fee to include the internet and fitness center usage.  No more counting how many hours of internet i would use and if there is extra charge to use this and that.. . The hotel overall is still beautiful but the room is getting a bit old, shelves in the bathroom are not sturdy, the robes are not plushy and too thin.  Bathroom compliments are poor quality.  . . Restaurants in the hotel are great!  I would say this is a great hotel if you don't want to spend extra dollars to go even higher end ones like Wynn/Encore/Mandarin Oriental, etc.
A classic.  Big boy casino that never grows old.  A great place to toss the dice, lose Benjamin's and people watch.
Honestly, I shouldn't be complaining since my husband had comps and the room was free but...average rooms, nothing special but the view we had was amazing! We had a fountain view room and the lights on the strip (Paris, Bally's, planet Hollywood) at night were so pretty! The hotel gets too crowded with tourists coming from other hotels to look at the garden. Thecasino is rather small and is over crowded as well. The customer service is great although they call you every single time you request for something to make sure you received it. I got a little annoyed because they would always call when we had room service! My husband didn't mind though. He thought it was great. Also, you need to show a room key before you get to the room elevators which is a great idea!! We probably wouldn't stay here again just because it gets too crowded.
Excellent hotel and worth the price.  Great restaurants and rooms.  (Although if you are a novice gambler like me, you probably want to find one of the less posh places on the Strip to spend your money - the casino here is a little too high-roller for us average Janes.)
One of the nicer hotel resorts in Vegas.  I like the atmosphere.  Every trip to Vegas, I seem to go there just to be there.  It is a nice hotel to be in.
I'm still a big fan of the Bellagio, but one simply cannot outrun time.  The rooms, while clean and fairly spacious, do not keep up with the newer hotels and the newer towers at the older hotels.. . The quality of the gaming area and restaurants remains the same, although I was disappointed during my last trip where the single large baccarat table in the general baccarat area was either closed or failed to get a game of more than one person going.. . Finally, with a more particular gripe, I don't like the fact that they discourage people from cashing out their baccarat chips at the regular casino cage.  No, buddy, you are not doing me a favor by cashing in the chips "just this once."  You should be more than happy to do it as a matter of customer service.
The Bellagio lives up to all the hype. . . Beautiful-BEAUTIFUL Hotel....everything about it screams luxury from the artwork, decor, shops, restaurants, and rooms. . . Speaking about the rooms....as comfy as they are---they're much smaller than at the Venetian. But the beds and bathrooms are deluxe! When booking your room, definitely ask for a lake view! . . But here's the thing. If you can swing it, get a Private Cabana for the pool. They're equipped with flatscreen tvs, snacks, drinks---and you can even have your massage done there. :)
My husband and I stayed here 2/17 - 2/20 and had a great time.  The hotel is beautiful -- particularly as it is now decorated for Chinese New Year.  Walking through the lobby, conservatory, or just wandering the halls to window shop or take a peek at the pools was an enjoyable activity in and of itself.  We checked in around midnight, so lines were short and we were in our room in a few minutes.  (Parking was also very convenient.)  The room was beautiful - spacious, clean, nicely decorated.  The bathroom was enormous, with a separate glass-enclosed shower and deep tub.. . We ate at the buffet (great selection for carnivore husband but very limited on vegan options), Sensi (amazing!), Cafe Bellagio (perfect for 3am munchies), and Jean Phillipe Patissiere (my husband indulged and I seriously contemplated giving up veganism). We also had drinks at the Fortuna Bar overlooking the fountains (amazing!).  Fortuna is a lot of fun, particularly when they have live music there.. . Gambling there was fun -- he likes slots, I like video poker - and there was plenty of variety to choose from.. . A transformer blew while we were there, causing some problems with electricity and the elevators.  We didn't have electricity in our room one night, but offered to move us to another room.  We were lazy and didn't feel like moving and weren't in the room that much anyway, so they ended up taking about $100 of our bill for the inconvenience, which made us pretty happy.. . Everyone we interacted with - from front desk staff, to bartenders, to wait staff, to the folks checking room keys by the elevators - were kind, professional, and courteous.  . . When we go back to Vegas, we won't think about staying any place else.
Love going to the Bellagio, it's such a nice resort to stay at when you're in Vegas.  The rooms are really nice, spacious and has great interior decor.  Best of all, the fountains outside and the shows that come with it are really spectacular and everyone should definitely see the show at least once.  Casino is plentiful and the food is also great, even though it can be pricey.  If not for the expensive prices, I would love to stay at Bellagio everytime I'm in vegas, but unfortunately, I do have a budget.
Beautiful, classy classy property without being over the top...very good taste all around IMO. Basic rooms are gorgeous with big marbled bathrooms, remote-controlled shades and a mini bar where if you breath on a bag of chips, they charge $11.00 to yuor room...so don't touch or move anything on or in there, because its ultra-sensitive. Great array of restaurants, too. Problem for me is..when I stayed there for three nights, I found myself getting bored..lacks the excitement and appeal to all demographics that I feel MGM Grand and Mandalay Bay deliver.  Would and will stay again on my honeymoon...I'm sure a room with a view of those beautiful fountains (the coolest "free' attraction in LV) will be oh-so-take-those-clothes-off-right-now-baby-romantic.
I loved loved loved the suite I stayed in at the Bellagio. The hotel itself was very chaotic especially at night. It was packed and very loud. Typical for a casino I guess but this hotel and casino seemed overly rowdy even for Vegas.
My friend Mylinh likes to pronounce Bellagio, "Beehhhhlllaaaaggiioooooo"  in an exaggerated and chichi manner.  As you drive up onto the resort for the first time, you too will feel like you're affectedly elegant.  . . I love this property!  No other resort is as grand or majestic as Bellagio.  This was Steve Wynn's Piece de resistance of all his creations.  I can go on and on about the best free attractions in Vegas (Conservatory & Fountains), "The Office" (high stakes poker game in the Bellagio poker room), or even the high-end boutiques and award winning restaurants.  But no, I'll just be repeating what everyone else on yelp have mentioned.  As for the rooms, there was this one occasion that still stands out in my mind.. . The rooms are nicely decorated, a Tuscan style feel.  STANDARD ROOM: little over 500 sq ft., marble flooring, electronic controlled drapes, glass enclosed shower and separate bath tub, and luxurious linens with the most comfortable bed to lie on.  The rooms can be a bit dim and needs a face lift.  Don't get me wrong, I like it... but after staying here on a number of occasions... it's due for an update.  It's been the same since '98, furniture is looking worn and the TVs are not even flat panel (it's the old tube televisions).  . . Now what gets me was when I crawled into bed one night (or early morning) and the plumbing started gurgling.  No matter, I had a hard night of drinking and was beat.  Normally I could sleep through an earthquake... but this became annoying.  It was gurgling all night.  Luckily, I noticed it on my last night.  I informed my host when we checked out and he did apologize.  My rooms were already comped so he took it a bit further to comp my other resort incidentals.  What I did find out was that this is an ongoing problem.  A friend had told me the same thing occurred to her on her stay; and that cabbie's and locals even told her about this common occurrence.  . . I only noticed this once, so it probably won't deter me from coming back.  I love the central location and the casino to stop staying.   What will deter me is...  paying for the rooms.  For what Bellagio's charging, you can get a bigger and newer room at the Palazzo.  So don't stay if you gotta pay!
Mara G. took me to The Bellagio for my birthday!. *******************************************************************************************. From the Dale Chihuly glass above the mirrored pegasus in the lobby to the spectacular Lunar New Year exhibit to the Fountains full of dancing water, this place is all about elegance, lavish living, first class fancy.. . We took a stroll through the Lunar New Year exhibit prior to having a bellini in Fontana Bar (get it? Bellini in Bellagio). Fuse band was playing there. Initially, Mara G. wasn't feeling their tunes. But she eventually warmed up; especially after they covered Earth, Wind, & Fire. When our cocktails arrived, we took them out onto the deck with us to snap pictures with the water show behind us. Nice!. . Then, we made our way to Sensi! (see yelp) After that, we tried our luck at Tabasco and the Sex in the City Progressive slots. Nice! What a super fun birthday! Definitely swanky perdanky! Although the casino is absolutely smokey perdokey. Ha ha! I will still and always return. I still have one of the one handed gloves from the days when you had to collect coins to take them to the cashier. I'm a fan!
Used to stay here all the time but switched to the Encore. Had to stay there this weekend and actually loved it. Got upgraded to a 3 bedroom suite, had great service, ate like a king, and loved the spa.
The food buffet is the best!
I don't specifically remember much about the Bellagio because I walked through a lot of the hotels during the day. What I do remember is that the decorations there are really nice. I'm talking about the glass art ceiling they have. They look like glass jellyfish, but are actually hand-blown glass flowers. There are a always quite  a bit of people in the room taking pictures of the ceiling. If you walk forward, there is another nicely decorated themed room. I went to Vegas after the Lunar New Year, so they had a lot of New year decorations, year of the rabbit decorations up, which were really nice. . . There is also the water show in the front of the hotel, which is probably best seen at night. I didn't watch it this trip, more like drove by it while passing through the strip. . . Overall, pretty nice hotel.
Hubby and I stayed for 5 nights on a recent trip to Vegas.  Rooms are beuautiful although we did have to be moved because the first room we were put in had toilet troubles but they moved us to a nicer room with a great strip viiew so it was just fine.   Awesome pool, a great variety of restaurants to choose from, centrally located on the strip.   It was worth the splurge as it's one of the pricer places to stay on the strip but worth it if  you are looking for a romantic getaway place.
Always a classic place to stay and still definitely one of the more luxurious places to stay on the strip. The pools are definitely a place to be in the warmer months, but the crowd is not as young as you will see at the Hard Rock or the Cosmopolitan. The casino is first ratewith restaurants that are solid (not amazing) as well. highly recommended.
I like the security staff at this hotel. I know, I'm a weirdo, but they were really nice and helpful to me and my friends during our stay. I also like that there is a guy standing at the elevators making sure you have a keycard before letting you near the elevators. Seemed a little safer in a city where everyone is mostly drunk and sleep deprived. We needed to have the bed changed at 3am and someone came... and she was pleasant... Room was far from the elevator... impressed that the curtains were controlled by switches near the bed...
Beautiful.
Not the cheapest, but its a great place to stay!. . I only stayed here once and thankfully didn't have to pay for it. It was my friend's birthday and her dad was...well, quite wealthy so he payed for her and two friends (I was one) to stay here. The room was great. Nothing too special, but it was well decorated. Had  a big TV, a nice tub and all the amenities you could ask for. It was also really clean.. . The rest of the hotel is great. It has some great features. There is the famous fountain show which is always super fun. The conservatory changes through the year. I've seen it twice and was pretty blown away both times. It has a pretty awesome chocolate fountain and some nice decorations including great blown glass flowers. . . The casino is pretty good. We didn't get to do much gambling while we were there, but the dealers were all nice and the place was pretty well kept. . . It's also in a good location from which you can access a lot of other key strip hotels and attractions. This is a place I would definitely stay again...but not having to pay was a definite incentive.
I give the hotel 5 when I am not staying there, 4 based on my past trip where I did stay there. Picked bellagio cause I love the casino and I got a great rate. The hotel is beautiful, the fountains, conservatory, restaurants,etc. Also the pool is beautiful! Perfect if you want to relax by the pool, not good if you are looking for the daytime party. A few other annoyance occurred during my stay. Checking in is brutal, tool for-ev-er, completely lost my champagne buzz from limo ride in. They need a quicker system. One night we were out at the clubs and were ready for bed but my key wasn't working. Called the front desk to send someone up from my cell and she was the rudest employee I have ever encountered in Vegas and then we sat in the hallway for 20 minutes while we waited for a staff member to let us in. The next morning in order to get my new keys after they were deactivated by my cell or credit cards(not sure where I'm supposed to keep my key since it doesn't mix with anything in my pockets) I had to wait in another 30 to 40 minute line just to have her give me a new key. Other than that the location and hotel are great and the housekeeping staff was SO friendly when walking passed them in the halls. The room was standard, bathroom, comfy bed, and automatic curtains were best part but nothing really set it too far apart than other rooms. Also the lighting is SO dim, made us tired while pregaming. Overall I recommend the hotel if you get a good rate, but think for the usual price they charge maybe check out another one of the top hotels on the strip cause the room was kind of blah and dirty (stains on ceiling) and those few bad encounters I had with front desk staff made me forget about some of the greatness of the hotel
Make sure you head over to the Bellagio to check out the beautiful botanical gardens.  When I was here, the Icelandic poppies were in bloom and it filled most of the lobby with a great flowery smell that cancelled out the smoke from the casino.  The butterfly garden and fountains also provided awesome tourist attractions and picture taking spots.  Make sure you bring plenty of patience along with you because there are always massive crowds in the Bellagio.. . The Bellagio has classy architecture, beautiful fountains and a unique botanical garden that all can enjoy but at times the Bellagio seemed more like Disneyland than a posh Vegas hotel/casino.  It is clearly stated on the Bellagio website that unattended children and strollers are absolutely not allowed in the Bellagio.  However, when I was at the Bellagio there were strollers galore and marauding children all over the place.  The Bellagio could do much better in living up to their five star reputation and create a more adult friendly atmosphere by adhering to their own self stated policy involving children.
Real classy casino and hotel but I doubt that I'd stay & play. The buffet and restaurants are great and the shops are cool.
The hotel, fountains and grounds are lovely.  The lobby was packed and a bit hard to get through any time we were there.  The indoor garden was beautiful with tulips and poppies being the focus of the April floral display this visit.  The fragrance from the flowers was amazing!  Lovely hotel though the rooms were a bit smaller than other hotels in this price range.  Our view was a bit of a bummer- seems every one else in our party got a view of the fountains...we got the mountains- which did give us lovelysunset views...but to be honest that side of the hotel over looked the parking garage, service areas and freeway.  Rooms for a convention are always a craps shoot.  On the plus side we were in the tower so we walked past the chocolate fountain display many times each day...though very cool to look at, I didn't even want chocolate after a few walk bys.  We were here for 4 days for a convention so we used the hotel, meeting rooms, banquet facilities, casino etc.. . The banquet facillity was wonderful- 800 people served hot, tasty food...that is always a plus.  Some hotels do banquest well- this is one of them.  Great lighting, decor and acoustics...on a scale of 1-10- this hotel get's a strong 8.75!!!. . Shops- lots of great shops- though most were strictly for window shopping for me.  Love the galleries, jewelery and high end clothing.. . Meeting rooms, convetion rooms, pool-side welcome party, drinks & meals associated with these events- great....a full 10 points. . Live band in the Fontana Club- our cocktail waitress was great..the band music started out a little "old" we mentioned it to the cocktail waitress and the next thing we knew the had stepped it up a notch....great music & the dance floor was hopping all of this and their breaks timed with the fountains so we got to enjoy it all!!!  On a scale of 1-10...the Fontana gets a 8. . Sensei bar- great drinks, great bartender, great service- we had drinks here a bit too much- I think we sampled everything on the "specialy" menu- including their homemade ginger ale- yum yum-they get a 9 out of 10 points. . Casino- very pretty, staff was very nice, not too smokey- slots didn't give up much money...but truth be told I wasn't really planning on funding my retirement with my winnings...good thingtoo, after all they don't call this place Lost Wages for nothing.  Casino gets 7 out of 10 points.. . Room service- pricey...very pricey...no shock there...we had breakfast & lunch with room service- the food was tasty, hot & looked wonderful, best of all delivered ahead of the promised time.  Lunch- I ordered up a grilled chicken & basil sandwich with seasoned fries...my hubby showed up- the sandwich was big enough for us to share.  Breakfast we had the bacon & eggs combo & the salmon and bagel breakfast- both were great...but $68 for breakfast seems a pit pricey even for room service.  Dispite the prices Room Service gets a full 10 points
I love coming to the Bellagio. The huge glasswork on the ceiling where you check into the hotel is beautiful. Plus their botanical garden that they happen to change up from season to season is always amazing. Waterfalls and beautiful flowers everywhere. As you walk around the corner to then see the chocolate shop with the chocolate waterfall. This place is amazing. Just the architecture is beautiful.
My review is based solely on the buffet which I must say is exceptional.  I checked out a few different options for buffet dining while in Vegas and the Bellagio was definitely the most visually and tastefully pleasing.  I found the buffett to be quite clean which is a plus in my opinion concerning buffets.  The food was wonderful and there were so many different varieties and options.
Great place but please management are you here??? Listen... your hotel, rooms, casino and bars are tooooo dang hot.. turn up the AC! #$#$*#)%&#(& %#)^%)#&% . . Way too hot... I realize you're cutting back on expenses, but when it get's to the point where you don't want to play... come on!. . Ok very nice coffee shop, little light on trendy lounges, but we loved the Baccarat Lounge with old style jazz piano happenings... Nice pools and great service...  Even a few $15 tables, nice touch! There was just a fun buzz... not to trending with 20 somethings but not blue hairs either.... . And for god's sake... drop the $20 resort fee... Pahleez.. have the guts to charge as part of your room, but don't insult us with this crapolla!
This place is beautiful.  The rooms are spectacular and the views amazing - we had a view of the mountains.  Loved it.  So much to do in one place that you could spend an entire day here exploring.  I loved all the Chihuly glass art.  We had fun playing (and winning) on the Roulette tables.  . . The Japanese restaurant was amazing as well as Noodles.  . . The room was clean, looked brand new when we spotted a piece of wallpaper peeling in the hallway - it was being replace that evening.  They are really on top of everything.  . . Friendly staff.  Great crowd.  And the show O was the absolute most amazing thing I've seen!!!
Probably my favorite hotel in Las Vegas. It looks nice, is clean and upscale, has decent food options, has a sports book and a poker lounge, so what more can you ask for? How about a fine art museum, garden, and lots of glass sculptures? The rooms are fine, not huge but not small. I have stayed here before and will stay here again
I still haven't stayed here because the clientele tends too be much older but not in the "Harrah's" old way.. . I've walked through so many times and enjoyed the casino, restaurants, and amazing displays. The hand glass-blown flowers on the ceiling and the trippy "Alice in Wonderland" mushrooms. . . One of the better buffets on the strip to boot.
Great hotel, have stayed here twice and find myself hardly leaving the hotel.  One thing that I noticed immediatly about Bellagio is how the staff goes out of their way to be kind.  Only downside I found is charging 15 dollars per day to use the internet....come on, paying 200 a night and you cant give free internet?????
I really liked staying at this hotel. It was clean, comfortable, and did not smell of cigarette smoke even though I saw people smoking in the casino. The bed was comfy and that's so important when you're away from home. I've stayed in hotels in Vegas where I wouldn't take my shoes off, and ones that smelled like they'd had a cigar convention the night before. These new super hotels are so much nicer now that I can afford to stay in them!. My only complaint is that the place is SO huge that they should really rent golf carts for guests to get around. The convention we were attending was a LONG walk from the elevator to our rooms, especially after a few pit stops in one of many bars along the way.
I love walking through this lovely hotel.  From the moment I hit the lobby with its brightly colored floral light fixture, to watching the fountain show, to walking through the shops, to eating some of their great food, I love it.  I haven't stayed here yet, but perhaps someday, I will.  In the meantime, I come here everytime I'm in town.  It's elegant and beautiful, and I love going at night all dressed up.
The best hotel I've stayed at in Vegas thus far. Very luxurious and clean. My friend and I were upgraded to a suite free of charge, which was pretty cool. . . Our room had a spectacular view of Vegas (at night, the view was awe-inspiring), very soft and plush bedding, a mini bar, bathrobes and slippers and decadent little chocolates on the nightstand every morning. . . The bathroom needs it's own review on here :-). Our bathroom was almost the size of our room (seriously!!) Separate glass-enclosed shower, mammoth whirlpool tub (big enough to sleep in), double sinks with granite counters, huge mirror, makeup mirror, a phone (haha) and designer toiletries fit for a king or queen. . . I'm talking 20+ bathroom items (razors, shave gel, q-tips, mouthwash, shower caps, hairspray, lotion, combs, 3 toothbrushes, hair gel, sewing kit and more, ...on top of all your standard items). My friend was floored by the bathroom and spent 20 minutes getting acclimated to all the wonderful features, amenities and products. . . The botanical gardens are lovely and a very nice welcome.  Be sure to catch the Bellagio Fountains water show for some cool entertainment (shows every half hour, every 15 mins after 8 p.m.). . Outside you can take a dip in or lounge by one of their 5 refreshing, beautiful pools.
Bellagio has gone down hill lately. We have stayed there a few times a year for the past 8 years.  We were there almost a full week and things were not  as good as as in the past.  Each day there was an elevator or escalator  broken.  2 of the 4  TVs in our suite were both broken and we had to call the maintenance people 3 times about the TVs.  For 4 TVs, we were given 2 remotes.  There was very limited cable tv channel selection.  No HBO or showtime, very basic channels and a ton of Japanese channels.   Our whirlpool bath was not working either.  In the suites, we used to get fancy Bvlgari bath  products but now they give cheap soaps and shampoos.  We kept our thermostat at 71 degrees but each time the house keeper came in the room, she set it at 75 degrees.  Also, our check in took 30 minutes because there were no available rooms... Check in is 1pm and we arrived at 4pm.    There is now a "resort fee" automatically placed on every room.  The fee includes wi fi which is hit or miss.  Finally the pool closes at 8 pm but on 3 days our towels and belongings were cleared off of our lounge chairs before 7:30 by the young staff who were eager to end their day.  We lost  some  shorts and a skirt because of this...   Next time we will stay in a new property.
Oh the humanity!  This is a swank place overrun by people who enjoy a faux oversized Liberty Bell and dancing fountains.  The shops are posh but unaffordable for little people like me.   That said, I was impressed by the $1695 laptop bag in Prada....  Gorgeous!. . The casino is well maintained and not terribly smokey, which is always a plus in my book.  . . Sorry I don't have more to say about it, but we were just passing through ...
Okay nothing is perfect that's why I'm giving 4 instead of 5 but this place is really close. In the aesthetic sense it is awesome super clean & super opulent. It's pricey but one expects that and being it was this past Memorial day weekend rooms were at a premium. We paid extra for a fountain view room in the spa tower which was well worth it. The view was incredible. It only added to the experience of the room. Clean with great decor and an awesome bathroom. You will do quite a bit of walking inside the Bellagio but it is a good calorie burner. We did most of our dining and drinking at other establishments but made quite a few stops at Jean Philippe which is the bomb. Definitely worth every penny for the delectable selections. The Bellagio is spectacular & I would definitely stay there again. Everyone should atleast once.
Bellagio always has and probably always be my fav strip casino to hang out, but unfortunately not to stay at. It is a b*itch to get to on a weekend since its possibly the only casino with just one way in off LV blvd. Pedestrians never pay attn to the light and there's always some @sshole who blocks traffic by stopping to watch the fountains. But once you get past that, the self park usually has open spaces and its a quick walk to reach the casino. . . The moment you enter, you're hit by the strong scent of the thousands of flowers filling the conservatory. I love that it's your first impression of bellagio. The conservatory is a must see, but I recommend going after midnight, and not on the weekend. Otherwise you'll have to fight your way thru Asian and European tour groups and every step ruins someone's picture. It'll be a much more mellow experience going at a slow time so you can really enjoy it and take your own pretty pics. . . The conservatory is changed for several seasons - chinese new year, spring (w live butterfly garden), summer/4th of July (very patriotic, my least fav), autumn, winter/Xmas. You can tell they've cut their horticulture budget a little, but its still a magical place. . . The water show is another great free attraction and is best seen from the dead center. Don't bother fighting the crowds near the main valet. Its less of a clusterf*ck if you walk thru the casino and shopping esplanade, and go down the escalator to the blvd. Show is every 15 min at night, I think it's every 30 in the day. Go at night if you can - makes for better pics and its just not the same without the lighting. They don't have the show on windy days, and you can ask the concierge desk for the show schedule if you're there for a specific song. The Sinatra ones are fun, but I'm partial to the slow songs like Titanic theme and the Andrea Bocelli song. . . Bring a couple cocktails or even brown bag it if you're feeling ghetto. Just kickback and watch the show for an hour - a great cheap date. . . Now the negatives, which are the rooms. The previously mentioned traffic is a problem if you're staying there and have to deal with it throughout your stay. Valet has been extremely slow in my experience (30 min on sat nite). And if you're older, its kind of a far walk down somewhat slippery tile to get to the valet pick up area. The registration desk is conveniently located, but then its a pretty far walk thru the casino to get to the rooms. . . I was really disappointed in the rooms. I had always wanted to stay at bellagio, so I had high expectations. The rooms seemed dated, and they weren't well maintained. Working at a hotel myself, I do look at things with a more critical eye, but I called engineering to replace a couple light bulbs and fix the bathroom door which wouldn't stay shut. There were also streaks of something on the ceiling above the bed. And this has to be one of the few hotels in Vegas that hasn't upgraded to plasma/LCD TVs. I was pretty shocked that they still had big old TVs with a really grainy picture. Hotel prices have come down in general, but bellagio still isn't what I'd call cheap. . . So hang out at bellagio - check out the free attractions, have some cocktails at the baccarat bar and a great dinner. Just don't stay there, you can do a lot better for the money.
Intended for upper middle class clientele.  If its not in your budget, its not worth it.. **May I note that I don't gamble and I did not drink on this trip, although I was of age**. Recap of my visit:. 7 in our party, 4 rooms.  . Stretch limo from airport to hotel to fit everyone.. "O" Cirque du Soleil Show tickets purchased before arrival. (Second time  I've seen it...I love it!). Dined at "The Buffet at Bellagio" (separate Yelp post) - my favorite buffet in Vegas. Shopping not memorable.. Cafe Gelato was amazing!. Spa was disappointing.  Went for "Athletic Revival" message.. "Fiori di Como" chandelier is remarkable.. Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens is always nice to visit when in Vegas in general.. The fountains - a must.
I loved staying at the Bellagio, it is in the perfect location on the strip and our room was beautifully decorated. Although it was pretty pricey to stay here we had a good time and hopefully we will be back.
I attended a 5-day converence at the Bellagio.. . ROOM: My room was starting to look a little worn, but it was still nice. A/C works well (can't get the room super cold, but gets it very cool). Either the walls are nice and thick, or my neighbors were boring.. . AMENITIES: Restaurants on site aren't cheap. Even the place for late night meals can run you an easy $20, but everythign is quality and delicious. The pool is amazing. I brought my gym clothes, but never went. Whaddya expect? It's Vegas! Conference rooms were really nice.. . SERVICE: The staff is ridiculously friendly and accommodating. Most everyone says hello when you walk by. Dealers are funny and interesting. None of that difficult small talk at the tables. My room was turned twice a day. Housekeeping impressed me.
We all know about the Bellagio, and so my story is that this is one of those places I've always wanted to stay, but never gotten around to it for some reason or another. Well, I finally had the chance and was not disappointed.. . We had a standard room was on the 21st floor. There is someone verifying keys 24/7 so that only guests are allowed up the elevator. Same goes for the pool area, and they scan your key there, not just look at it. The rooms themselves are roomy, with controls on the wall for the drapes. It had an IHome Ipod dock that doubled as the clock. The bathroom was large with a separate tub and stand up shower.. . The casino area is nice and there are some things to look at in the hotel. The restaurant selection is decent. The minus one star is for the fact that the room had a tube TV, I would have expected a flatscreen at least!
Classy hotel but showing some wear and tear around the edges.  Reserved suite with connecting room for birthday with a partial view but had problems at check in-paid extra to check in early to connecting room and waiting for suite to be vacated and cleaned by 3 pm but it turns out the suite people had a late check out of 4pm instead of normal check out of 3pm so had to haul our asses and our stuff back to lobby to get key cards for new room on the floor above us-ugh, waiting around for almost 2 hrs.  Great partial view of fountains but alot of things were broken in the rooms-tv remote, stained cushions on bench end of bed, vaniry mirror bulbs burnt out, ordered roll a way bed which never came so cancelled it, and other small things which were not expected for an over  $600/night stay.  However, limo to and from airport was nice along with the all day snacks and drinks from the excutive lounge (7am-9pm).  No comps offered here except the vip front of the line passes for the buffet, of which we frequented only once.  Amenities we enjoyed were the whirpool bathtub, steam shower, and hotel gym and pools (use it-you are charged a daily resort fee for their uses).  Oh yes, concierge met us outside with a rose and rooms had signature chocolates for my birthday and a hand written note from the assisstant manager.  May go back to try penthouse if I ever get a man and the hotel gives me a promo or discount.  Um, I tipped everone b/c the staff is just so nice except maybe the slight aloof check in desk.
I like this place, but when you go from the lobby to either the spa area or into the casino everyone is trying to take pictures, creating this clusterfuck mob of people that are just in your way, kind of annoying, but I get it they have a lot of nice things to look at, I just don't appreciate when people that walk in front of you stop  and get in your way, or clog up walking areas.
Stayed here when I was in Vegas and would stay again. Friendly staff, good service, nice views and location. All that's needed in a hotel
This was my first time staying at Bellagio, and I was impressed, but not blown away. I think they have such a huge reputation that I was expecting there to be unicorns and red carpets and free personal assistants. . . The check-in was easy enough, and the flowers and decorations were really very nice. They also have the casino machines turned down, so there was no loud "ding ding ding"...I guess this is a positive, but that sound is just synonymous with Vegas so we didn't get that adrenalin rush. . . We got a complimentary upgrade (MLife) to a lake view room, which was a lot of fun to watch the fountains and listen to the choreographed music that played through the TV. . . But speaking of TVs...seriously it was an old tube! And small at that! I agree with other posters that this is just weird. The room was pretty standard, nothing too special. The turn-down service was nice, though, and the shower and tub were very spacious. . . If you go, request a room near the elevator or you will be walking for miles. The other nice thing is the tram that takes you to the Aria/City Center....still, though, this hotel is so spread out, you will be walking a ton no matter what. . . Lastly, I'm not a huge fan of the casino here. It's always overly crowded and the servers are slow and/or non-existent. . . I was there on a comp, but I do not think I would pay the money myself to stay there again.
I've been to and stayed at Bellagio ever since it opened and even over years, its still a great hotel. Great location, the water show is still amazing, and their buffet is still one of my favorites on the strip!
First time staying at the Bellagio.  . . We stayed Friday thru Monday in a room with 2 queens located on the 4th floor of the Spa Towers.  There was 5 of us all together so we had 1 roll in bed.  It felt a little small but was comfortable enough.  We made it work.  Here are the pros and cons of our stay:. . Pros:. - rooms were clean.  the whole hotel is clean.  . - house keeping called everyday and asked what time we wanted our room clean (made it convenient). - its pretty sweet to be part of their Mlife players club card. - located in an awesome area. - free wi-fi. - automatic drape/curtain openers (switch located by bed, awesome for hangovers). - quiet. - nice bathrooms. . Cons:. - roll in beds are $35 a night (but we were comped) . - lights in the room were very dim.  super annoying when we were trying to put on our makeup . - the a/c sucked balls.  can barely tell.  . - kinda small for 5 people. - ghetto boxed tv. - late check out was 12pm for us (thats not late). - waiting for the front desk people over the phone took FOREVER constantly. - pool had no where to sit. . - we are here to party and the crowd is a little too conservative for me.  duds at the pool.  crowd is kinda boring. . - no reception downstairs in the casino.. . Overall, we had a pleasant stay at the Bellagio.  There were little things that bothered us but they were not a big deal.  our rooms were comped for the 3 nights so there is not much to complain.  However, if the rooms are normally around $300 a night, I would say it is not worth it.  Even for $200, I dont know if it is worth it.  The biggest thing that bugged me was the shitty A/C and how the pool had no where to seat.  Other than that, I would come here again if we are comped again or the rooms are discounted.
Great place they treat you like royalty.  For sure i will be back
I've never had the opportunity to stay here (unfortunately), but its definitely one of the places we go during each Vegas trip.  Everything is so beautiful!  We love catching the seasonal decorations in the conservatory and the water show. . . Also, the show: "O" is a must watch!
Gorgeous hotel/casino. We haven't had the pleasure of staying at this hotel yet, but we always stop by on our trips to Vegas. . . Lobby and decor: . . I love the glass flowers on the ceiling of the lobby and the beautiful floral arrangements they have, that are constantly changing. . . The little garden area with the gorgeous flowers, decor, and etc. are all so beautiful, we walked through this conservatory a few times. . . Staff: . . We had a really chatty blackjack dealer, who was kind of annoying, because she kept stopping to deal to talk to us about her days in the '80s when the hottest drug on the market was cocaine. Go fig. . . The other dealer we had was lovely -- funny, talkative, but not distracting. . . However, the rest of the staff we encountered to ask for directions to the restroom/whatever were all super-nice, friendly, helpful, and cheerful. . . Casino:. . Plenty of tables, at least one poker room, tons of slot machines, and many other games. . . Buffet:. . I love the breakfast here. I also really like the desserts here during lunch. I haven't had dinner here yet, but I'm dying to. I'm a sucker for a buffet, when the food's delicious.. . Shopping/etc.: . . I love the Via Bellagio shops and the tram to the Monte Carlo/Aria. . . Fountains of Bellagio Water show:. . BEAUTIFUL. I almost cried during one of the shows. . . Can't wait to stay here soon! I am also dying to see O.
Bellagio always has and probably always be my fav strip casino. . .  The conservatory is a must see, which is to say if you havnt seen it, you must! Be ready though, cant take two steps in there in the evening on the weekends without ruining someone picture. So be creative (since youre going to be in them anyway) . . The conservatory is changed for several seasons - chinese new year, spring summer/4th of July , autumn, Cmas.  . . The water show is a great free attraction and is best seen from the dead center, in front of the hotel on the strip. (Although the bestest view is from any of the middle suites (the big round ones with the balconies on both sides of the living room).  Show is every 30 min (i think) at night. Go at night if you can - makes for better pics and its just not the same without the lighting.. . Also, check out the lobby (front desk) and the upside down glass sculptures/umbrellas/chandelier thing by Dale Chihuly.. . If youre down on the strip, walking , the last thing you want to do is go into a hotel and .... walk. But this hotel is worth checking out. Or grab a seat at the Petrossian Bar (right off the front desk/lobby area), order a drink and nurse it cuzits a great place to people watch.. . To the left of the hotel, under the giant sign is the moving sidewalk. So you can take a break and ride in. Drops you off near the front entrance. Youll just be an escalator ride away from the front doors and the Petrossian Bar and that umbrella sculpture thing.. . The pool area is very nice but its just a pool. That is to say its not a lazy river (MGM) or a giant wavepool (Mandalay Bay) just a pool. Kind of a disappointment  there.  . . The typical rooms are.... typical. Not the greatest. Suites (even the small ones ) kick *ss. If youre going to get a small suite get one on the end and strip side so your view wraps around.
I do love the Bellagio, I must say.  The fountain show is so cool and always entertaining.  The blown glass everywhere is stunning.. . The food is great, pool - beautiful, wonderful landscaping.  I love how they have so many separate pools as well since it never seems to crowded. The drinks are wonderful.. . My only reason for 4 stars is it is getting a little dated compared to the other hotels and the staff at the front desk.  Everywhere else the staff is amazing! Bellmen, house keeping, room service etc.
Dont stay in the spa tower! The rooms are not renovated and the non-smoking rooms smell like smoke! After complaining of the smoke smell they upgraded me to the renovated rooms in the main building and it was much better. I'm bitter because I lost my money in blackjack, but I suck so its not the hotels fault. The pools was nice and quiet, service was lacking, apparently the waitress on our side of the pool was on a looooong break.
What a great hotel, the room I had was real nice huge bathroom and shower! Remote curtains also, great nights of sleep even if they was boozed filled! Casino is a little pricey can find cheaper on the strip. Brunch Buffet also very good deal.
Still the best hotel in Vegas in my book, has the classic Vegas feel, and beautiful inside and out. Can't go to Vegas without watching the water show in front! The lobby's colorful glass ceiling is one of my favorites, along with the garden. I'd say the only con is it's a bit of a walk to the strip from the front of the hotel.
Ever since watching the first Ocean's 11, I've wanted to stay at the Bellagio.  The opulence! The glamour! Did we get that during our 3 nights? Yes...but we couldn't help but think the B is a bit...outdated. . . Don't get my wrong. From the stunning seasonal displays in the lobby, to the impeccable room service orders, and the famous fountains...the B knows now to treat guests. . . However, after spending time in the newer Aria and Cosmopolitan properties, we couldn't help but feel like the Bellagio needed to update itself. . . The standard king rooms, still featured tube TV sets. Our shower door was squeaky, and the shower head was caked in green sludge and mineral deposits. The toiletries were in nice bottles but smelled like shampoo ad conditioner from the Double Tree. I for some reason expected Bvlgari or like the W hotels, Bliss products. . . Again, don't get me wrong. I appreciate the spacious room, and the marble and granite...and the location can't be beat, smack dab in the middle of the strip. But for the money, I'd rather have something more contemporary, with more "wow" factor.
i only went here to play rockin olives, my favorite slot machine.. the venetian was supposed to have it too, but apparently they took it out.. . . sorry -- can't give you any more feedback about this place
Stayed yet again first week of Oct. Was concerned about the bedbug plague so asked for one of their newly renovated rooms. Room was very nice. Pleasant decor, ugly large closet is gone. New thin TV. No bedbugs. An improvement. They aRE DECORATING  all rooms about 5 floors at a time.
I had a luxurious stay at Bellagio and am in awe of the decor throughout the hotel.  The views from my room were stunning.  It was just a bonus to have watched 'O', being the best Cirque show I've seen, and eaten at the Buffet, which also is the best one I've visited in Vegas.  I'm still shocked at how amazing the pasta was.  The pool cafe was a wonderful place to relax.  . . One downside is the looooong hallways, making for a time intensive walk to get anywhere near the action if you're staying in a corner suite (which I did).  Another downside is the expense of most things related to this hotel.  I'm not a high roller, so staying here and purchasing anything is a rare treat.  I wish it were more affordable.
I enjoy the service, ambiance and amenities this hotel provides the guest.  It remains one of the better hotels in Vegas.  The metro to City Center also provides convenient transportation to the newest fun spot on the strip.
Gorgeous, one of my favorite hotels. I can't give it five stars because I've never stayed here, but I've been to the clubs, taken in the beautiful displays and eaten at the restaurants. I'm a fan of it all.
I love, love the way the Bellagio looks and one of my favorite dinning experiences in Vegas took place at the Bellagio.  . I thought the Bellagio's casino was one of the best in Vegas. The casino didn't make me feel like some little old lady wearing a fanny pack, slot machine player.  It felt cool to lose coin in the Bellagio.  We got some of the best drink service while gambling at the Bellagio.    I got a player's card from the Bellagio and even got to gamble with some of the house's money.
- Bellagio from LAS: $16 ish bucks via Taxi.  . . -Check-in : was kinda confusing. There are no formed line of any sorts. Just look for who ever is gonna be done and line up behind them. . . -Rooms:. Ask for a newly renovated room. I think the smaller non-lake view rooms have been updated. New rooms have big flat screen TVs, powered blinds, big soaking tubs, and turn down service. Don't touch the alcohol or snacks u will be charged. . . -Restaurants- theres a coffee joint a short walkaway from the elevator, a chocolate/ ice cream shop, a steak house,  sports bar etc etc... you basically never have to leave if your rollin in cash. Unlike me there r  some cheap places across the street. . . - The free Internet kinda sucks. My iphone almost never got online.  . . - The location is great. As of right meow it's in the middle of the strip. Ur gonna like that when walking up and down the street. . . - I'm not a smoker.  Not that there's any thing wrong with it. And while in Vegas i wasn't use the non-Californian smokers. It just makes me ill.
We stayed here for the weekend.  It is really gorgeous and the rooms are clean with a great view. . Of course like all hotel in Vegas, this one was huge.  When I was walking around the Casino area, it was really hard to find my way out or go back to my room.  I felt like I was walking in circles.. If you are on a budget, I would not eat here.  It's pricey.  . The gaming area for blackjack is not like downtown.  The lowest you can play is $25.00 a hand.
I stayed in the Bellagio on my very first business trip to Las Vegas, and I would return here in a heart beat. 5 days in Vegas is about 3 days too many, but the Bellagio made my stay comfortable and lovely. . . My room was immaculate. The bed was super comfortable. The bathroom was roomy and upgraded and the view can't be beat. . . The casino floor, the famous glasswork, the botanical gardens and the restaurant and shops located inside are all fabulous and beautiful.. . Games are bit expensive, but it's the Bellagio, so what do you expect?
We stop here every time we're in town to check out the seasonal exhibits in the hall. Even if it's the same as last years we always enjoy seeing them again.  It's also a great central location from which you can walk to other places, either on the street or via the tram passing by the back. Their buffets are pricey but definitely a cut above most of the others. Although my dad managed to fall asleep during it (maybe because we had 2 buffets in a row).
AMAZING HOTEL! Clean, nice, and AMAZING! . . Rooms? Stayed in a luxury villa and it was HUGE! But seriously, how come there's almost double of the amount of bathrooms than bedrooms? Kinda pathetic. . . Spa? Got an in room massage for 90 minutes and it was worth every penny. Make sure you ask for Jennifer! . . Shows? O by Cirque du Soleil is where to go. Surrealism, jaw dropping, and just amazing! . . Dining? Picasso. Don't even waste your time at Michael Mina or Jasmine. Go to Picasso. . . Shops? Via Bellagio will fit everyone's needs from Chanel to Prada.. . All in all, great hotel! I'll come here again.
Elegant hotel, good restaurants.
You know how it's kinda bitter/sweet to leave Vegas? Bitter because this town is a blast in a glass; sweet for your liver and wallet... Staying at the Bellagio may add a notch to both those categories. . . Of the "older" Vegas establishments, the Bellagio is by far the nicest. The paint may be a bit stale, but the fresh flower displays make up for it. I love the themes for the seasons. If you're in town, do not miss the arboretum. I had the fortune of seeing it installed and it really tied the impressiveness together.. . Thank goodness the amazing company I work for fronted the bill bc I never would have been able to afford this opulence.. . My room was great. Plenty of modern amenities (iPod dock, power curtains bed side and a mini fridge). The bathroom had lovely freebies but the water smelled like rusty pipes. Yuck! . . The front desk messed up my bill with some bogus charges but they were kind enough to fix them on the spot. I thought it was also kinda weird that I had to walk through the busiest part of the casino to get to the gym.... . If youve got the funds, do it at least once. Vegas is meant to be indulged and the Bellagio will help you do it.
Having been a Vegas resident for six years, we never really had a reason to book a room at any of the hotels on the strip, but now that we've moved to Long Beach and had to visit family for the holidays, we figured we'd do it this one time and do it right, so we decided to pick up one of the Bellagio Suites.   We ended up with one at the spa tower and while the accommodations were certainly plush and worth every penny, there were a few details where things just happened to fall short. . . - It was called the Spa tower, but had no direct access to the spa/fitness area - Dub Tee eff ? - so we ended up walking the common walkways dripping in sweat and enticing everyone with our pheromones.  Schmexy.. . - Access to the spa tower elevators was a hell of a trek from the parking area through some of the busiest parts of the hotel - meh. . - When we lived here we used to joke about LV being a few years behind the technology curve and sure enough, it came back to bite us.  The room only had a dock that was compatible with an iPod Nano - Double-Dub Tee eff.  So we had this huge suite and couldn't bump any jams to go along with our Gummi bear-fueled Orgy.  - wack.. . Overall though, it was significantly more enjoyable than any other hotel stay we've had.  The option of having both a Jacuzzi in one bathroom, a steam shower in the other and a powder room for guests made it very convenient.  . . If we ever getour arms twisted enough again to re-visit Sin City, we've resolved to always stay at a Bellagio suite (unless something better comes along)
I still am a fan of the Bellagio. A true Las Vegas classic located in the smack dab middle of the strip, the location is hard to beat and Steve Wynn prides himself in still housing some of the best restaurants at this hotel. MIchael Mina has a restaurant here that is phenomenal! Also find famous names - Le Cirque & Picasso here.. . The rooms aren't Wynn/Encore/Cosmo-amazing, but still solid 4-star rooms. Clean, modern, comfortable, and open floor plan.. . Their shopping also offers some selective luxury brands - Chanel and Hermes boutiques can be found at the Bellagio!. . Their water fountain show is fun and romantic and is done every hour. Inside the lobby, you'll find that the decor reflects the season or holiday during that time. Chinese New Year is a fun time to visit - Bellagio is all decked out in red!. . Still fond of it... =)
Bellagio is quite the fancy hotel and is most known for its fountain that puts on a spectacular water show at regular intervals throughout the day. Most of my trips to Vegas are for my birthday which falls during the month of December and during that time, the hotel has set up their holiday decor including a really fun display that features trees, flowers, water effects, and animatronic animal.. . The overall feel of the hotel is very elegant with artwork displayed everywhere and architecture that is grand in scale and beautifully crafted. The lobby area features a blown glass chandelier that was created by Washington's own Dale Chihuly.. . The Bellagio shops feature a wide area of fancy stores where piles of money can be spent if that's your thing, or you can just sit back and people watch all day both here and on the casino floor. Speaking of dropping lots of cash and casino floors, the Bellagio combines both of these options in to one handy gaming area as well as a very large sports betting area.. . My favorite feature about this hotel is the buffet restaurant that has a ton of great food at a price that's not too bad considering everything that you get.
NOTE: Review is for POKER ROOM ONLY! ( did not stay at the hotel. ). . I "heart" the Bellagio - mainly because it is a total landmark (think Ocean's 11 and Poker). . . The poker room is well staffed and definitely busy - even during "down" times. The poker staff is courteous and the "poker host" (I don't know what to call those people who seat you when you're on the waiting list) are effective and busy. . . Even though I lost $$$ that night, I was happy to play poker at the Bellagio - a must see/must do for any poker player out ther.
LOVE the Bellagio. The Garden they have there is changed seasonally and is always breath-taking. The fountains of course are famous. I watch them languidly lick at the sky in the setting sunlight from my desk at home. There are great restaurants there and the amazing Cirque Du Soleil production, "O" has residency in the theatre. . . It is always VERY busy and the valet can be jammed and is occasionally full. There IS security at the elevators so it is a bit of a pain for gentlemen seeking company, but in my professional opinion, the hassle is worth it.. . The rooms are lovely and have great views and the 4-Star rating is due ONLY to the hassle of the valet and security. It deserves a 5-star rating as a hotel/casino for the general population.
Easy on and off the freeway and valet parking is super speedy.  Great place to take the family and out of towners if you live in Vegas.  We usually visit the atrium and then coffee next to the museum in the back. There is plenty to do at this hotel and the buffet is great too.  In fact, the least impressive is the atrium compared to the other things you can do at this hotel.  Once you have seen one winter display, you've seen most.
wow this place is pricey but fun. well we at here for dinner and saw Mike Tyson just know when he comes in  everyone was like WOW mike tyson is here, but you know what  - he is a man just like any other man. he is just a famous boxer. but, he would like to  eat  in a public place and he want  to just eat.
This hotel is so beautiful! When you walk in there is a long ceiling full of hand blown glass sculptures and underneath theres a beautiful statue of a horse, it's better to see than to describe!. . I personally haven't stayed at the Bellagio but I went to see Cirque du Soleil [O] while I was in Vegas so as I was walking around I saw a mixed crowd, so for the most part it's an attractive hotel. Everything is mega clean and it's casino seems to always be packed. . . I would definitely consider this place next time I come since I did see a bit more young people than middle aged and up [on the weekend] which makes me think it's becoming more and more modern and appealing to me.
Bellagio still remains to be one of the premier hotels on the Las Vegas strip.  . . While Encore, Wynn, City Center, & Cosmopolitan are the new kids on the luxury hotels on the strip, there is still a undeniable class that can not be ignored at the Bellagio. . . Home of the Bellagio fountains,  the Bellagio Conservatory, Chihuly glass blown art in the lobby, beautiful private pool and gardens.  The restaurants here are some of the best of the strip, Prime Steakhouse, Noodles (one of my faves), the Seafood Buffet (one of the best on the strip). . . Bellagio is for your refined guest, who don't like to be seen, but have.  It's not your bikini clad day time pool party, it's your home away from home.  . . Be sure to get a room with a view of the Bellagio fountain show.  It thunders like champagne with views of the Eiffel Tower at the Paris.  . .   I like the suiteshere over the standard rooms, so upgrade if you can.  Enjoy your stay and have a glass of champagne and watch the show from your room.  Truly spectacular!
Good stuff here! Room was fabulous, watching the fountains was fun. The food was very tasty, service helpful and friendly, especially for Vegas. Never gambled (I worked 5 years in Tahoe, 'nuf said) so can't speak to that. TV system straight out of the 90's, new flat screens with old old old hotel movie system, but who watches TV in Vegas? . Check out the Chihuly glass in the lobby, the gardens and the Cirque show, "O". Wow.. Take out a mortgage first, though.
It is the Bellagio. That sez it all. Great dining, gambling, and relaxing. How can you go wrong?
This place is absolutely BEAUTIFUL!  I always have to visit the Conservatory which is an indoor garden display that will knock your socks off!  This year the theme is Chinese New Year- Year of the Dragon!  Oh man, it was so gorgeous!
One of the biggest casino floors on the strip. Very nice, but also very busy. Always a good crowd going. Can't speak to the hotel, but there's good action to be had here if you want to gamble. And who doesn't love the fountain show?
I did not stay here, but I love the attractions here!. . Two things to love here:. - Water fountain show (which can be seen outside of the strip). - Garden of flowers . . What I love about Bellagio is their garden - how they change the atmosphere every season. And every time a different decor. I love the use of the flowers and pieces. Everything is so colorful and this is what brings in the tourists and crowds. . . I don't blame them! I am forever a fan!. . P.S. You can ride a tram to Aria from Bellagio! (Hollah!)
This is by far one of the best hotels on the strip. Although a bit old, it is still one of the premier names. I love their villas and rooms as they are elegant and extravagant.  Also the food here is great, you have a 2 michelin star restaurant with Picasso (really good), and 1 with Le Cirque (which i will review later). . . They have a great night life. new clubs like hyde and the bank (older) but still good. And awesome baccarat tables (love gambling here). All in all it is a great experience and people love it. I love it especially during Chinese new years as themes change by season.. . I highly encourage everyone to check it out watch the shoes walk the halls Just good.
First time to stay at this hotel. We came for a convention.. Simple and elegant is how I will describe the room (nothing over the top).The room is  nice and Good size.  The bathrooms are well appointed too.We had the view of the pool area and mountains.. . Since we came here for a convention, we have food served daily at our events (3 days). Having attended many conventions at different hotels,  I was a pleasantly  surprised, I was expecting "less than excellent" meals.... The food quality was good and tasty. Even the drip coffee ( I am a coffee drinker) was good!. . . Service staff is always friendly and efficient. You really do get what you pay for.
Just returned from a two night stay at the Bellagio.  . . The good:. . * Beautiful ambiance in the common areas.. * Fantastic central location.. * Lovely shops to drool in.. * Very delicious room service.. * Excellent customer service from everyone we encountered.. * Complimentary upgrade to a Fountain-view partial suite when we let her know it was our anniversary.. * Lovely room with nice lighting and a very comfortable bed.. * Big, beautiful glass shower and good sized bathroom.  Very important to us.. * The light in the closet turns on when you open it.  Nice touch.. * Beautiful pool area.  Comfortable chaises and huge towels.  They responded to the warm weather and at least opened part of the area, even though it was February.. . The surprisingly underwhelming:. . * Cheap and somewhat dirty fixtures in the bathroom.  . * Underwhelming provided toiletries.. * Low-quality towels and robes.  Not luxurious at all!  . * Noisy.  I'm not sure if it was the specific position of my room but we got quite a bit of noise from other people's toilets flushing and the explosion of the water in the fountain show.  This is not something I typically notice or complain about so it was pretty bad.. * $20/day resort fee for internet.  You can't tell me their cost for wifi isn't covered by the already high cost of the room.. * Very limited television options.  Obviously, one doesn't come to Vegas to watch TV but when you're laying in bed, eating your delicious room service, you want more than a couple channels.  See above remark about the resort fee.  Isn't this the sort of thing that 20 additional dollars per room/per night could pay for?. . I'm torn about my experience here.  It is a lovely hotel and we were treated very well.  I suppose I expected all of the small details to be as luxurious as their reputation and the cost would suggest.  Many of the highlights of the Bellagio can be enjoyed without staying there.  I was not disappointed but unless we got a fantastic room rate, I think I would stay somewhere a bit less expensive and use my money in the Bellagio shops.  Prada, you're on notice...
Very nice, but the waiting in line for all most everything ( check in, restaurants, will call) got old. Very busy and crowded.
The Bellagio is five stars all the way IF you intend to spend a substantial portion of your time in the resort and casino, AND IF you don't mind spending money or you are a moderately large gambler (you will get comps).  But only IF.  For a place to sleep, you have better or less expensive choices.  See what kind of deal you can get at Aria.. . The rooms are only four star by any standard.  Recent upgrades have addressed the TV and bathroom issues, but the building still is 15 years old.  You can get more opulent and modern rooms at Aria, for example.. . The common areas are five stars, led by the incomparable fountain display and the conservatory.  These are among top five attractions in Las Vegas.  Also note the Chihuly glass flower canopy in the lobby.  . . The buffet is the #1 buffet in Las Vegas, and the holiday dinner buffets are particularly fine.  Breakfast is a great value too (but not weekend brunch).  The rest of the dining establishments are good but not good enough for their cost.  A possible exception is Picasso, which, at $150-$200 a person, might still be considered worthwhile.. . Service is generally very good to excellent, although at busy times there is sometimes a wait to check in.  This seems to be true everywhere in Las Vegas.  When well trained employees are hassled, they tend to act hassled, although at least at Bellagio the smiles usually remain, if somewhat frozen.. . Here are a few tips:. 1.  Make sure you get a room in the main tower.  A good fountain view (from at least the 20th floor) may be your preference the first time you stay here, but it will be noisy.  You will hear the fountain shows every 15-30 minutes until midnight.  A pool view is quieter.. 2.  If you gamble, be sure to get a Player's Card and use it.  After a relatively modest amount of gambling in any year, you will get upgraded from the lowest (Sapphire) status and important percs become available -- such as line passes to the buffet and coffee shop.. 3.  Jean Phillipe's is a good place for breakfast and lunch, and the bakery desserts are worth the price.  Make sure you ask them to grill the Paninis.  Some of the packaged products are expensive even for the Bellagio.. 4.  Eat at the buffet or coffee shop (Picasso for a real splurge).. 5.  See "O".  Make you reservations way ahead of time.  It is that good.  I have seen virtually every show in Las Vegas, and "O" is #1.  [Here's an odd note -- of the many Cirque de Soleil shows in Las Vegas, the shorter the name, the better the show.  "O" is the best, followed closely by "Ka", etc.  Forget about "Zumanity".]
4.5 stars for sure. I've been to Vegas about 5 times and stayed at a different hotel every time and the Bellagio has definitely been my favorite thus far. We didn't stay in a sweet or anything like that but our room was really nice and spacious with a big, comfortable bed.. The bathroom was perhaps my favorite part. Everything in the room was nice including all of the surfaces. The bathroom was really nice and big, and featured a stand up shower and a tub. . Out of all of the hotels I've stayed at, the biggest room, biggest and most comfortable bed, best location on the strip, and best bathroom hands down. Staying at a hotel with a good location on the strip is key if you don't want to shell out a lot of money on cab rides and the location doesn't get any better than the Bellagio (in between the Cosmo and Caesar's Palace and across from Paris). . Definitely the best room I've stayed in and one of my most enjoyable trips to Vegas.
Luv tha room!!! Bed was comfy, bathroom was very clean and it was jus sooo lovely! =P The bathroom was nice and big. It had a  tub and a shower. I luv how the shower had a shower door! I hate it wen its a shower curtain - im jus picky like that! . . The only thing I didn't like about the hotel is the casino area. The smell of the smoke is extreme.... i seriously felt like i smoked 2 packs a day... i dont know wat it is about the bellagio and why it be smelln like that. Its like a waste of time to even take a shower kuz as soon as u hit the casino, u smell like a damn astray within a minute! A friend of mine said its like that because alot of chinese ppl stay and play at this casino because of the feng shui in there and alot of chinese ppl smoke heavy... and the time i went was during chinese new year, so that could be why it was smelln so super duper strong! So disgust!. . But anyways, i njoyed the room and the decor in the casino is so super duper purrrty!!!
I didn't stay at Bellagio which is why I cannot give a 5-star review (although, let's be serious .... it's the Bellagio, I'm sure the room is amazing).  We spent the majority of our time at the sports book, which let me tell you, if you're looking to have a few cocktails and bet on sports all day, GO TO THE BELLAGIO! They are the only sports book that will give you a drink for free and without spending like, over $100 on one bet.  We had gone to the Wynn on our last day and couldn't order a drink because we didn't have a drink coupon ... because we didn't place a large bet.  Definitely go to the Bellagio for sports betting.  Huge room, tons of seating and tons of TVs :)
So beautiful! From the stained glass to the gardens.
It 1:02 am and I can't sleep because of the night club Chateau ACROSS the street!!! How annoying! I'm staying at one of the nicest hotels in Las Vegas and I can't sleep because of the night club across the street. I'm so annoyed right now. I've called the bellagio, Paris hotel and the Las Vegas police department to complain about the noise. It's rediculious that I know exactually what song is playing at a night club across the street from my hotel. Not to mention its Tuesday. I know I sound like an old fat but if I want to sleep in peace and quite I should be able to.
The Bellagio is one of the nicest hotels on the strip, but it'll appeal to an entirely different crowd than some of it's peers in the "upscale" hotel ranks. It's got a more more grown-up feeling than some of it's contemporaries and probably appeal more to business goer's than people looking to go clubbing. . .  Whether you are staying at the Bellagio or not, there are plenty of reasons to wander past the famous fountains and see what's inside. Restaurants, bars, a Cirque show (O) and my favorite; the seasonal gardens. . .  The themed gardens are admittedly my favorite part; right now they are made to look like tulip season in Holland, complete with windmills, canals and gorgeous flowers. During Christmas time they have the most amazing decorations; every few months they change it up a little and it never fails to impress.
I loved this hotel our room was so beautiful, clean, and comfortable. Yes pricey but hey you want the best you have to pay for the best. Even room service was prompt delightful. We came back to our room late n hungry ordered a cheeseburger OMG I was shock how good it was, and we realize is the same amount at a regular restaurant so we enjoyed our food and the stay at the Bellagio. The manager even sent us a box of chocolate for our anniversary: I will not be returning any time soon only because I want to experience the other hotels next time am in Vegas.
I'm going to give Bellagio 4 stars because the place really is pretty impressive.  The restaurants are mostly top-notch, the rooms are nice (some much nicer than others), the hotel employees are helpful and polite, and having a cabana at the pool can be quite relaxing.  . . I just wish that this place had a dress code that is a little bit more strict.  A tank top, shorts and flip flops might be great for Motel 6, but Bellagio?  Seriously, people.  Have a little class.
Lots of upsides to this place.  It's classy, that's always nice.  Really beautiful architecture and decoration inside that just looks darn good (minus the hollister-esque lounge near the lobby).  The conservatory with all of the flowers was nice (and a bit weird, especially with the sculptures) and a refreshing splash of natural color after being out on the strip where the most colorful thing is a bigscreen tv advertising some show.  There are a ton of restaurants that tend to be more hit than miss.  The fancier you go, the better a hit it'll be.  The top tier restaurants are impressive with Michelin stars and diamonds and master sommeliers (and the entire casino's wine list was something like 5,000 different wines and 50,000 individual bottles or something absurd).  . . The little bars and lounges scattered throughout the casino floor are generally nice.  I got one stiff bartender who looked like he wanted to spit in my mojito, but then again that was at about 2 AM and maybe he had a long night?  Being pointed to and asked "drink?" isn't what I picture when I think of the Bellagio, yet here we are.  Actually, I had a second waitress at a lounge with a similar attitude....hm.... Oh well, the lounges and bars at least looked nice.  I liked the jazz music coming from one of the lounges, and a grand piano player from another one.. . Three downsides in my opinion.  First is the price of things.  I understand that the Bellagio is a bit fancier than most of the other casinos, and I understand that it's Vegas, but I just can't stifle the rising feel of getting screwed when I'm paying $20 - $30 for a drink while surrounded by trashy girls in too tight and too short dresses, slurring and screeching and stumbling across the floor with heels in hand, followed by some over-sized oompa loompas wearing Tapout hipster shirts and talking about who has the bigger gold chain or which girls they're going to piledrive when they get to the room.  . . Second is the atmosphere.  I'm probably being too elitist, but it seems like the Bellagio's image is shying away from being something classy and headed towards the place to be if you're a douchebag pretending to have class.  Yea, I saw a lot of fancy people there, but after about 5 PM the entire place looks like the outside of a club for the remainder of the night.  Maybe the older people go to some fancy members only club at night, who knows.  . . Third was the layout, it was confusing.  Tried to find some restaurant by going down what I thought was a hallway I had visited the night before only to find that it just looked similar, and this one actually led to the convention center, and I was lost.. . Oh, and the rooms!  Okay, we had a bit of an upgrade with a suite in the slightly-more-exclusive spa tower.  Amazing, ridiculous room.  If all hotels put this much effort into their lower-tier suits, they would get a lot more upgrades.  The room had automatic drapes, 3 bathrooms, 4 TVs, a super comfy bed, a shower with steamer AND a big tub.  There was a view of the fountain so we could see the show every time it went on, which was pretty fantastic.  It wasn't very modern but it wasn't trying to be.  Also, I found some of the wall paper stuff was coming off in the corner that is *mostly* hidden by a chair.  Really?  It was the size of two of my palms.  Fix yo walls. . . Service was excellent.  The staff were hit or miss.  The spa tower greeters were the best people I came in contact with; they were always super helpful and super nice.  The restaurant waitresses were average, most seemed like they would rather be somewhere else, even if they were able to put on a nice smile.  A large portion of the casino floor bartenders and lounge waitresses, as I'm coming to realize from writing this review, sucked.  They tended to scowl instead of smile, complete with attitude.  Room service is pretty damn slow at night, taking at least an hour at 2-3 AM, which wasn't the best realization.  You'd figure that a higher tier casino would have enough staff in Vegas of all places to keep the orders going, but I guess not.  . . Overall, my first impressions were better than my final assessment but the casino IS pretty great.  Next time I visit, I'll probably try to make more use of the day and use the night for more sleeping, since it sounds like the better experience is when everyone is chipper and all of the morons are sleeping.  There are lots of casinos that I still want to try, but the Bellagio is on my list of ones to come back to.
Great hotel in a great location in the middle of the action.  Ask, and ye shall receive.  Came here for a bacelorette party with the girls, and they gave us adjoining rooms at no extra charge when we asked.  Also, they gave us extra towels.  We showed up at the pool (very nice, buy the way) the first afternoon, and there were no spaces left to accommodate 7 of us.  We asked a pool attendant, and he ran to get us 7 lounge chairs and set up a spot for us.  Nice!  The place is beautiful, and the rooms were nice and big.  There is even a vanity outside the bathroom with an outlet which makes it so much easier for girls to get ready at the same time.  Why don't more hotels have this????  It's a little pricier than some other hotels in Vegas, but it was worth going at least once.
This is an elegant property on The Strip featuring FREE parking (sometimes as locals, we take this for granted until we go out of town...). My two favorite things here are the free Fountains show choreographed to different types of music and themes- Pink Panther, Andrea Bocelli, Frank Sinatra (show times below) and the also free, Conservatory & Botanical Gardens- we came here to take pictures after our wedding (it's such a fun memory and we've got the pictures to prove it). It's an amazing display of the beauty of flowers, done in several scenes- there is an ample amount of photo spots here. The floral smells are amazing, as well. There is a small bridge with a water feature. It's crowded here, so be warned.   . . SHOW TIMES:. Monday - Friday. 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.. show every 1/2 hour. 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.. show every 15 minutes. . Saturdays, Sundays* and Holidays. 12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.. show every 1/2 hour. 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.. show every 15 minutes. . The decor is Italian/European styling- the architectural details are all over. Also notable, is the Fiori Di Como, a glass sculpture on the ceiling, composed of 2000 hand-blown blooms in bright vibrant colors, blue, red, yellow, green, etc. There is always fresh flowers in the lobby. For hotel guests, the amenities include: spa/salon, fitness room, pool. Shopping here are strictly high-end labels such as Bottega Venetta, Omega, Chanel, Dior, Fendi, Tiffany, Giorgio Armani, Gucci, Hermes, Louis Vuitton, and Prada. (Ok, not really practical for the average person on a budget.) The resident show is "O" by Cirque Du Soleil- ticket prices are $155/$130/$109/$98.50 (limited views)- wednesdays through sundays, 7:30 pm and 10 pm. And finally, the Gallery of Fine Art, open from 10 am to 8 pm (last entry is at 7:30 pm), $15 for visitors, $12 for those with NV ID. Special Locals Promotion on wednesdays from 5 pm to 7:30 pm only: $8 entry with NV ID. (If you're entering from outside, not the parking lot, there is a small concession stand, if you're thirsty or if you want a light snack.). . I bet that if you are a local, you've been here at least once before, because there are free attractions (there are a few that are worth going to) here and your out-of-town family members wanted to come and see it. It's a pretty casino/hotel on The Strip with free parking, so what have you got to lose?
My wife and I stayed at the Bellagio this past week (4/22-4/26/12) for our wedding/honeymoon week. Waiting to check-in was a little slow - I'm not sure if that was the staff or the guests in front of us being slow - when it got to our turn, it took about 4 minutes total to check in. The room was quite large and very comfortable. The shower in the bathroom had very high water pressure and plenty of warm water. Pretty much my only complaint about the Bellagio was that the fridge is ONLY a mini-bar; meaning you can't bring home leftovers from one of the delicious restaurants in Vegas and put them in the fridge. There is only room for the alcohol, mixers and candy/granola bars. But other than that, I really can't complain about anything at Bellagio - the staff was friendly and attentive; you can get just about anything you need at anytime within the hotel. And no, I won't be one of those people who complain about the prices in Vegas - it's VEGAS (and it's the Bellagio); what do you expect? If you don't want to spend a ton of money, go over to the Imperial Palace, Bill's Gambling Hall and Saloon or O'Shea's.
Second time stayed here. I really like it. Love sitting right outside the pool and enjoying the sun. Also they have Jean Phileppe in the hotel, which I love! Plus, the internet is complimentary not like other hotels. :)
This hotel is pretty glamorous. I am not a fan of Las Vegas, not the typical fan. I only need two days to tire of the lights and noise and lack of windows. And every hotel is like a maze; sure, they have signs to somewhat guide you through the hotels, and arrows on some carpet areas, but still. They make these hotel exits difficult in hopes to trap your drunken state into sitting down and gambling away more dollars. It works.. I did not gamble away my money, all the $5 roulette tables were occupado when I was trying to gamble, shucks. Anywho, THE BELLAGIO.. They seemed efficient enough at the front desk. They messed up someone else's room in my party, but he ended up getting upgraded to the honeymoon sweet, which was SICK. Our room was just normal, but the beds were insanely melt-on-your-back comfortable. The atrium smelled of roses and geraniums, plenty of shops and cafe's, and the buffet had more meat than a vegetarian can handle. Last but not least? The pools. Excellent set-up. Vegas is too crowded for my typical vacation style, but for a weekend get-away, this hotel is awesome and smack in the middle of the strip! The rooms were nice and cool too, the A.C. caps at 62 degrees, but that's cold enough for me.
4 of us stayed at the Bellagio for part of this Memorial Day weekend (Fri and Sat night).  The hotel and it's property is HUMONGOUS and though the front desk is a bit of a mess (you are just supposed to pick a line and hope it moves swiftly) there is plenty to look at while you are waiting.  . . I am a bit of a high-end person so I had rented a one bedroom suite with a double queen attached; we ended up in the Spa Tower on the 28th floor facing the fountains.  The suite was gorgeous and I loved the his-and-hers bathrooms.  I did NOT love the noise caused by the Paris Hotel across the Strip.  They are incredible assholes who have NO REGARD for the general public and our children.  The Bellagio staff did everything they could to help me out and managed to move me to a penthouse on the same floor for Saturday night to try and alleviate the problem I had with the immense amount of noise Paris blasted from 11 p.m. until 5 a.m. keeping me up all that time on Friday night.  The penthouse, unfortunately, still had too much exposure to the Strip and ended up not helping me with the sleeping but I was incredibly comfortable while I was awake all night on Saturday.  . . I can not recommend enough the Bellagio, even after my horrible time with that nightclub at Paris.  I understand all of the hotels surrounding Paris are working with the city of Las Vegas to rid the problem that is the volume that nightclub thinks is acceptable as far as music goes so I wish them all the best with it.  Meanwhile, if you decide to stay at the Bellagio, and I hope you do, I suggest you request a city view as opposed to the lake view room- unless you sleep like a rock under any condition.  I mean, even ear plugs didn't block that music.
I stayed here, so none of that 'posing' where I rate this place cause I was gambling or something.. . Check-in was a breeze.. . They have these glass things bolted to the roof. Each could easily be like 20-50 lbs a piece.. . They have security at the elevators 24/7 which leaves creepy wanderers out which is nice. Some peeps I knew were in the other tower and even though I flashed my card, they never let me go up by myself, which kinda sucks.. . The atrium/garden is definitely worth checking out. They always change the place according to the seasons and is a nice reminder that Vegas is NOT just about sex, drugs, and alcohol.. . The chocolate fountain is so amazing and draws a crowd, you just wanna end up taking a chocolate bath or something.. . Their pool area is pretty chill and laid back. Definitely a family/adult feel to it. It was Memorial Day weekend and there weren't any pool parties, just folks lounging around.. . It's really well maintained and there's always staff cleaning various areas.. . The fountain outside also makes it feel cool to stay here, knowing that people are gathering outside just to check out a water explosion. :P. . Oh, and free Wi-Fi? Hells to the yeah!!!
This was my second stay with Bellagio. The service is great, the facility beautiful and the location perfect. They need to add new songs to the fountain show... The classics are nice, but it gets old. . . They also need more $10 min bet tables on a holiday weekend. We left the area twice for this reason.. . But every time we came back, we were thankful to be staying at the classiest establishment on the strip.
This is a beautiful hotel and well worth visiting!.  I've never stayed here but one who likes to see the insides of the Vegas hotels, this is one not to miss!  It's just done with class and worth walking around.  Make sure to see the fountain show!!
While there are newer, hipper, cooler hotels to go to the Bellagio is still my go to choice when in Vegas.  There are various reasons that lead me to that decision including the classic decor, the stunning glass sculpture in the lobby, the serene pool area, the sports book, upgrades when available, the fountains, the shops, Olives, the location and convenience of getting out and about to other great spots and on a personal note it is where we stayed when we got married.. . I actually almost missed my wedding because I fell out of my pedicure chair at their salon and fell right on my ass but they helped me up, made sure my manicure and pedicure made it through the ordeal and off I went.  . . We received an upgrade for our next trip over my embarrassing act of incoordination which wound up garnering us a higher floor basic room - not a great upgrade but I appreciated it all the same.  On a previous trip we had been upgraded to a gorgeous corner suite simply because we checked in late and that was all they had left.  I work in the hotel industry so I understand completely that based on availability actually means exactly that.  It is unfortunate that so many people get upset when they cannot get a late checkout or early check in and think that the hotel is giving them a hard time or is being inflexible.  Those same people would be upset if their room was not ready at check-in time.. . I knocked off one star for the je ne sais quoi want to seem wealthy feel that oozes from the guests here.  They have some great deals on their room rates so not everyone there is as uberwealty as they purport to be.. . Day 3 - "June Challenge: A-B-C!"
I came here many times but the last time was with my parents on memorial day weekend where the weekend buffet price was ~45.. . - Love the crab legs. I get my money's worth here. lol. - Sushi variety is average. Machine made, but sashimi is worth getting. . - mac n cheese is very cheesy. although its a side, i love it!. - desserts are yummy. yet wicked spoon is better. . - Meats are very fancy and tasty. a bit too rare for my liking but good.. - Chicken noodle soup is pleasant. I was a bit sick and it hit the spot.. - Pizza is great! exotic.. - Service is a bit rude, but fast. Can I get a Dr. Pepper? No....15s of silence..lol. . ^___^
So close to 5 stars...but, overall, I am more partial to the Wynn/Encore with that rank as they maintain the title as my favorite gaming property & resort in Vegas.. . Speaking of gaming, I really am a fan of this casino. I've won here almost more than anywhere and I like the general layout. They could definitely use some better ventilation, though; every resort should take a lesson from the Wynn/Encore in this area. . The Bellagio can also be a tourist trap due to the glass flowers in the lobby and, of course, the ever-changing botanical gardens. Jean Philippe Patisserie is also frequently busy but a definite asset to the hotel-- I love it there!! . . I've stayed at the Bellagio twice this year, and each time has been close to an impeccable experience. Classy rooms, super comfortable beds, tidy&daily maid service, and friendly staff. . . TIP: Try to request the Bellagio (main) Tower instead of the Spa tower. The Bellagio tower is newly renovated and WAAAY closer than the Spa Tower. The Spa Tower, while still nice, seems to be a little dated. The walk is also inconvenient-- especially after a cocktail or two....or 12. . . Perhaps one of the biggest pros of this resort is its central location-- with CityCenter to its south and Caesar's immediately to the north, everything is right there. . I love the Bellagio!
I've stayed at several hotels in Las Vegas. The Bellagio is by far my favorite. The first time I stayed there I was blown away by the decor and the service. They seemed to have thought of everything, and more. . . Now I stay at the Bellagio regularly when I am in Vegas. Recently I have noticed a change. The staff is still friendly and helpful, but the standards seem to have slipped. I've noticed the cleanliness in common areas, like the casino, hallways and elevators, isn't what it used to be. . . The only reason I only give this review 4 stars is because my last trip was cut short, when our flights got screwed up by a hurricane at home. I either had to stay longer or leave early. When I asked at the front desk to extend my stay two days they said they were completely booked. The lady at the front desk kept suggesting I try another property. It almost made me feel like they didn't want me there, especially when people I was traveling with were able to extend their stay without a problem. . . I still like the Bellagio the best of all the hotels I've stayed at in Las Vegas. Their rooms are great and comfortable. I just hope they pick up their standards a little bit more to match how they used to be when I first visited there.
The Bellagio Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas remains one of the most beautiful hotels on the Strip. If at all possible try to stay in the main building (instead of the Spa Tower) and upgrade to a room with a view of the lake and fountains.. . The glass flower ceiling in the lobby is still stunning while the Conservatory and Botanical Gardens just to the side of the lobby are a popular photo-op spot with seasonal displays. The current French Summer scene is as beautiful as any I've seen although my favorite may be the creative Chinese New Year gardens in January and February each year.. . The Bellagio has received the AAA Five Diamond Award every year since 2000 for a reason. It is a great hotel. Elegant rooms and wonderful housekeeping make your experience in your room enjoyable. Meanwhile restaurants like Le Cirque, Picasso, Jasmine, and Jean Philippe Patisserie make dining a delight. The Bellagio Buffet is outstanding, but made even better on Friday, Saturday, or holidays thanks to King Crab Legs and Kobe-style Beef.. . Shopping at the Bellagio may be out of the price range of most of us, but it's still delicious to browse the Hermes, Omega, Chanel, Fendi, Dior, Armani, Gucci, Prada, Louis Vuitton, and Tiffany shops. . . For entertainment, my favorite Vegas show is at the Bellagio. Tickets are expensive, but the water-themed Cirque du Soleil masterpiece "O" is worth every bit of the cost. Don't want to spend too much money, then hang out at one of the Bellagio pools. Finally, plan to spend some time being mesmerized in the evenings by music, lights, and dancing water of the Fountains of Bellagio.. . My only real disappointment with the Bellagio is the Casino. The number of tables seems limited, however, the real problem is a continual sour attitude of the dealers. I played a couple days at a variety of tables (mostly blackjack and roulette) and didn't meet even one friendly dealer that even pretended to like their job. Not sure if it was a bad week, but the negative vibe was noticeable compared to other casinos hit during the past week.. . Despite the sourpuss dealers, the Bellagio is a dynamic 4-star plus experience. Bring money and a positive attitude for a vacation to remember.
Beautiful hotel
everyone loves the fountains.. But it's that the rosemary bushes I smell? or the piss and vomit on the sidewalk?
The Bellagio is an amazing hotel. I was quite impressed with the friendliness of all the staff there. Everyone is so polite and helpful.. . I could go on and on about what I like about the hotel, but it's pretty much what you would expect. The only couple of things I didn't like about the hotel were small things.. . First, I wasn't too impressed that a 5 star hotel didn't have a fridge (that wasn't already filled with expensive stuff they want you to buy from them) or microwave inside the room. I know they want you to spend $16 on the Fiji water in the room and another $10 for the gummybears (no joke either), but you would think if you're paying as much as you are for staying there, that they'd hook you up with a mini fridge and microwave.. . Second thing I didn't find so great about the Bellagio were the pools. They are all exactly the same and nothing too great about them. I stayed at the MGM before and it had a "floating river" and all different types of areas to be in. At the Bellagio, all the pools are a bit boring with nothing fun about them. Again though, not a huge deal and definitely didn't stop me from going out to the pools every day.. . If I went back to Vegas, I wouldn't mind staying at the Bellagio again but I definitely want to try some where else. So, it's not some where that I really want to stay with again. I prefer the MGM, but that's based off price and location. As far as the inside of the room goes, I'd definitely choose the Bellagio over the MGM.
I love coming here. Best service and rooms on strip!
It is difficult to rank a Hotel/Casino like Bellagio, because there's so much that comes with it. It's not just the hotel or casino, but restaurants, attractions, service, and upkeep.. . Rooms. The best hotel in Las Vegas to me is the Wynn. I've stayed at the larger suites in BOTH (Salon @ the Encore and Presidential @ Bellagio) and you can tell the difference by seeing the attention to the details. Little things such as TVs (huge flatscreens), bathrooms, layout, artwork, and decor are better at the Wynn. The biggest thing I notice is the upkeep. Bellagio rooms need a makeover to keep their elite status in my opinion. Carpet, fridge, TVs, and bathrooms were all underwhelming. When you go into a Bellagio class Suite, everything should be something you can't get at home. If your TV at home is bigger, then you're not going to be impressed. I think Bellagio is right there with hotels like The Cosmopolitan. This is just my opinion, but The Cosmo is only nice because it's new. Their rooms are very modern, but don't necessarily convey luxury in every aspect. I like it, but both seem a little less amazing than the Wynn -- close to great. Also this was for the larger suites. Some of the regular rooms have seen some modest upgrades.. . Service. Both are quite top notch. I haven't had an issue with either.. . Restaurants and Attractions. highly debatable. It really depends what you want. If you want to club, then Wynn has XS. Buffets are good at both. Wynn has some stuff Bellagio doesn't but Bellagio's is one of the most consistent and solid buffets in Vegas. The nicer restaurants. Honestly I haven't been to most of them. I do know that from the people I've talked to the overall impression and consensus seems to be that the Wynn has more wow factor. The food itself is good at both. Next time at the Wynn, I plan to hit up Sinatra.. . Gambling. Both are catered more to higher end gamblers. I mainly play poker, so it depends what you're looking for. Both casinos are made to gamble and they are not like the Cosmopolitan where it is more of an afterthought. Bellagio has been stepping it up with more tournaments and high roller rooms and separate room for celebrity status players. I recently saw Doyle, Gus Hansen, and a bunch of others just chillin at the Bellagio. I prefer the Bellagio poker room, because it's more comfortable. The Wynn's buy-in is higher and the competition is more stuffy (which can be good or bad).. . For me personally, Bellagio is old money. I recently got upgraded to the MLife Pearl status which apparently gets you to the front of the line at the Buffet. Saving at least an hour will definitely warrant a return. Also staying anywhere near City Center (Vdara, Aria, Mandarin, Cosmo), Bellagio is the best place to play so I see our relationship continuing to flourish. The Wynn's main issue is that it is further north, so can't really walk to and fro. Yes, I said to and fro. No, not talking about hair.. . Tip: Water Fountain Show is still fun to watch as you pretend you're one of the Ocean's Eleven crew. Here are the show times:. Monday - Friday. 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m. show every 1/2 hour. 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. show every 15 minutes. Saturdays, Sundays* and Holidays. 12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.  show every 1/2 hour. 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. show every 15 minutes
I love this pool cafe. I swear, I want to try everything on the menu. Everything.. . We were in Vegas for 2 days and I came here both days for lunch.  On the first day, I had the Ahi Poke Tacos as a meal (they add an extra taco on to make the appetizer a meal) and they were amazing. Not quite enough food if you are hungry, but definitely get it as an appetizer. On the second day, I had the turkey burger with sweet potato fries and mozzarella.  We were eyeing the pizza at the table next to us hoping they would leave without finishing it so that we could snag a slice. My friend was salivating over another neighbor's burger.  Seriously, everything here looks amazing and the hardest thing to do is to pick what to eat.. . My only complaint is the soda. It's like $4.50 and tastes funny.. watered down. I don't recommend ordering it. But I CAN recommend the blended Bellini drink.. . Yum.
Location, location, location.. . I've been to Vegas more times than I can count (and then I'd like to admit), and stayed at various hotels. I honestly believe that any of the mid-tier hotels are good enough (Paris, Monte Carlo, etc). but if you are looking to splurge, the Bellagio is worth every penny.  There's the Pool Cafe which I LOVE (see my review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/bellagio-pool-cafe-las-vegas#hrid:tj7FPE3ZFiI7pwAZrXDUaA) and amazing customer service. My friend lost his wallet in the middle of the night (or early hours of the morning, depending how you look at it...) and got a call the next day from security letting him know that they had found his wallet. And everything was still in it.  When we were checking out, I took my bags with me to grab my friend from the pool. I asked the guy at the top of the stairs leading to the pool if I could leave my bag for a few minutes while I grabbed my friend, and he was more than happy to do it, and even suggested I pull it around where he could see it better to keep an eye on it while I was gone.. . And.. location.  You can't get much more central than this. In terms of the high end hotels (Venetian and Wynn are the other two I would note) the location of the Bellagio is by far the best. We could walk almost everywhere that we wanted to go (even in the 100 degree heat).. . The rooms are large and roomy and nicely decorated, but that is to be expected.  What sets this hotel apart are the customer service and its location. I only wish I could rationalize the splurge and stay here more often...
Bellagio did not disappoint. Beautiful decor, 5 star service, great room overlooking the lake and the fountains. . . Room was very quiet even though the hotel was full. . . Of course, everything is expensive, but you know that going in. It's the Bellagio.
I just come back from Las Vegas yesterday I stay at Bellagio hotel for four nights they have very good service the restaurants are good I really liked OLIVE I will write a review for the restraunt separately.
I went for O and to try my luck at the slots, did horrible on the slots, but loved O! I want to stay here sometime in the future!
You should stay at world famous hotel in your life!!. But why I left only 4 stars.....coz too crowded.. There are not only hotel guests. It was bother me a lot.... Anyway I still love Bellagio so what??. :P
This review is for the show "O". Before our trip my gf had said she wanted to see it, so I went online and purchased it through the Bellagio website. Very easy process.. We had seats in the middle balcony second to the last row. Next time it would be better to pay more and sit in the lower section, lesson learned. Couple of the characters came out at the beginning and went through the audience which we couldn't see. . . The performance itself was pretty good. Although I did doze off a couple times.
Once the jewel of the strip, the Bellagio is in need of a makeover.  The water show is always a draw, but there is definitely room for improvement there.  There's always a risk involved when it comes to remodeling.  When you're talking about Vegas casino's, then the risk is even greater.  . . There are already 3 Italian-themed casinos on the strip (Venetian, Palazzo, Caesar's), so a renovation will be tricky.  Which way should they go?  Do they go the palacial route like Venetian, or old world like Caesar's?. . I can't even begin with which way to go.. . But what I do know is that the interior hasn't changed since the Ocean's 11 remake and the clock is ticking.. . As far as the hotel staff go, they are as accommodating as you'd expect at a high-end resort like this.  The buffet is definitely one of the best in LV, but also one of the most expensive.. . Everything about the interior says "rich, older guy" and I like it, but I'm not like most.. . Change is imminent...
After about 10 visits, this hotel stays consistent and classy. I always make sure to enjoy a glass of wine or martini at the Petrossian bar near the front desk, a calm and civilized place to listen to talented pianists while doing some serious people watching!  . . The recently refurbished guest room in the main tower was really tastefully done, it  gives a tired guest a soothing feel the moment the threshold is crossed.. . This last trip I forgot to pack my "jammies," which were hanging on a hook behind the bathroom door.  I didn't notice until close to a week later, yet when I called, they were there and promptly returned via Fedex at their expense.  Nice!
Massive place. like many in Vegas.. . Love the botanical garden, love the restaurant choices. . . The people that work there are really nice too!
The glorious thing about Bellagios is that as time continues, the style and decor will continue to remain classic and appreciated. . . I stayed here for a week two times and had a great experience each time. The pool is lovely and we had an amazing view of the fountains. The restaurants to choose from have always been satisfying. I love that you're just footsteps away from some great food like Cafe Bellagio and Yellowtail. The clubs are fun and you get treated like VIP if you're a guest here. Albeit we had VIP access when we were here which included access to a secret lounge through this cool secret door you would easily pass each time without noticing. We also had open bar privileges here as well as a private elevator. . . Bellagios is the place to go to be treated like royalty!
Garden is awesome. Convention rooms are accessible, comfortable and near plenty of restrooms. Food and beverages supplied were more than acceptable.
Just returned from a three-night stay . . . Most of the positive things about the Bellagio have been said over and over again. . . Here's what I love about the Bellagio:. There is security at the elevators checking room keys. Might be a little willy-nilly, but just having someone there keeps the riff-raff away. . The ever-changing conservatory and botanical garden is always a surprise and amazingly beautiful, aromatic, fun and colorful. In all the years we have been going, we have never seen the same display twice!. No crazies at the pool!. Casino smoke is not overpowering like other mega resorts. (We've been through them all, and played at most, so we know.). The location is the best on the Strip, a short walk or tram ride to some of the world's best shopping and dining.. . We have friends who were Bellagio die-hards, but when the newer places opened, they had to try them (Palazzo, Aria, Wynn, Cosmopolitan, etc.) . . . they now have come back to Bellagio and swear they will never stay anywhere else.. . Words of advice . . . if you are unhappy about something, physically go to the Front Desk, don't just call. A voice on the phone is easy to refuse, but a face-to-face person can't be ignored. Plus, they don't want other people to hear your frustration or complaint, so they are quick to resolve on the spot!
Me and my girlfriend were in Vegas just before Labor Day and staying at the Bellagio was something we were looking forward to as we had 3 full days to size it up. Prices for rooms are going to vary widely, of course, but in general, the value for money perception is going to depend more on what you immediately want from your hotel: in short, Bellagio is perfectly placed on the Vegas Strip and is ostentatious about its luxury. The lobby is gorgeous and expansive, with beautiful overhead artwork looking like glossy flower petals, and the balloons behind the receptionist staff is always impressive. I especially loved how the garden is centrally located and, a 1 minute walk from the check-in area, smells fresh and alive with changing displays and landscape architecture. There was a piano bar and many (albeit expensive) options for food around.. Be sure to read the fine print about what is defined as "spa services" here. This hotel has a "resort fee" that is similar to other M-Life hotels (MGM, Mandalay Bay, The Mirage to name a few) in that it covers nothing other Wi-Fi, a swimming pool and complimentary boarding pass printouts from the Concierge, and that's it. You must pay $30 a day, a PERSON, to use the spa that has bathrobes and steam rooms, and then of course, if you purchase a massage service or something along those lines, it becomes complimentary. However, after stating our case to the spa people, we both got 3 days complimentarily! So we definitely felt hooked up, but it took some effort.. The room itself is beautiful, maybe overhyped as far as space and amenities (for example, you have no way of using the fridge as it is there to merely provide a store for overpriced refreshments), but the view of the fountains, especially at night, is worth it. You will hear "Luck Be a Lady" over and over at night, but the first time you see it will be a true joy only available in Vegas. . Another thing you should know about, which applies to Vegas in general, is the extent to which you will need taxis. If you choose to walk and avoid the expense of taxis, your feet will pay for it, and the heat will be an additional burden. Leaving the Bellagio from your hotel room to make it to the next closest hotel, perhaps Caesar's Palace, will take you a full 15 minutes of fast, intentional walking---and that's just LEAVING! Think about that if you like casino-hopping, you *will* pay the price.. Other than that, Bellagio will be good to you and if you can secure a good deal, it will be memorable, even if you elect not to stay there again.
While I wasn't a hotel patron here, I did get to experience their stunning gardens, couture shopping and eye-appealing fountain show. . . From my walk-through and brief time at Bellagio, I will say that the Bellagio is stunning. . But, even with its beautiful aesthetics, I'm not sure if this would be the place I would want to stay while in Vegas. The hotel patrons seem a little stuffy to me. . . An absolutely gorgeous place to visit. Really cool shopping and food selection. And, of course, there are the Bellagio fountains. I'd rather stay elsewhere on the strip and just pay a day-time visit to the Bellagio.
I am a big fan of The Bellagio and usually stay there a few times per year. About 5 years ago, I would have given this property 5 stars, but I think that they waited a little too long on their remodel.  They finally have most of the rooms updated (e.g. Large TVs, automated curtains,etc.). I just wish that they had come up with a more creative update then copying The Aria's room design.). That being said, it is still a very nice hotel with lots of things to see and do on site.. . Here are some suggestions for making the most out of your stay:. . If you buy a soda at Palio, Snacks, Jean Phillipe or Gelato-- save your cup. They usually don't mention it these days, but refills are free any time with a plastic Bellagio cup. . . If you don't have a Players Card, GET ONE.  Even if you are gambling a small amount you still will qualify for at least some "express comps" and often there are sign up bonuses for new players.   Even mid level players often receive offers for free or discounted rooms. . . If you want to go clubbing, call their concierge and ask them to put you on the VIP list for almost any club in town. It should save you on admission price and wait time--especially if you are going to a club at any of the MGM properties. . . Use the free tram at Bellagio to check out Aria and Crystals shopping center.  You also could ride it to Monte Carlo and check out the free Blue Man Group parade-- apparently they march through the casino right before their show. . . If you want to see O or a show at any MGM property, talk to the Players Club.  If you play at all, the players club can help you reserve a seat in the VIP block for the show. The casino usually blocks certain seats in the first dozen or so rows for players.  If you don't have enough for a comp, then you pay full ticket price but you still get the best seats available. (We sat behind George Lucas and next to Channing Tatum at the Michael Jackson Cirque du Soleil show thanks to the players club at Bellagio!)
Of all hotels we've stayed at in Las Vegas, Bellagio remains our favorite.  From our first stay here in late 1998 to our visit a few weeks ago there are many things to love. But there are also flaws to keep this well shy of five stars.  . . Still, our advice would be if you're making your first or only trip to Las Vegas, spring for a room at Bellagio on the fountain side in the Resort Tower (not the Spa Tower), making sure you're on the 17th floor or above in this 36 floor property.  We did this this on our first stay.. . If you're not interested in seeing the fountain and lights on the strip, a room overlooking the pools (with the same advice about floor location) is also a good choice.  Same rooms with lower rate.  We chose these on the 22nd floor this time.. . GOOD THINGS:. . 1. AMBIANCE / DESIGN PUBLIC AREAS:  From the breathtaking Dale Chihuly glass sculpture Firori di Como (flowers of Como as in Italy which was original Bellagio owner Steve Wynn's inspiration) on the lobby ceiling to the seasonally changing garden in Bellagio's glass enclosed conservatory to the artful woodwork in public spaces, this is for our money the most beautiful and tastefully restrained of all Las Vegas casino hotels.  We love walking through the shopping plaza and looking up to see glass elements that change seasonally and are suspended overhead.  Public spaces are nicely accessible to folks using wheelchairs or pushing strollers.. . 2. GUEST ROOMS: The 2011, $70M update of the Resort Tower guest rooms was much needed but these have always been some of the best sized rooms on the strip for the price paid.  They are appointed with comfortable chairs, a desk, wifi that is fast (but not free), top end electronics and lighting, the most comfortable bed we have ever slept in at any hotel anywhere and large bathrooms with lovely bath products. . . 3. GAMING:  Casino is big enough to have all the gaming tables and machines laid out in a way that makes it easy to get to them.  From $10 blackjack tables to high roller rooms, they have it all covered. .  . 4. STAFF:  The valet staff, bell staff and housekeeping staff have always been very helpful and friendly. Same with staff on the casino floor. .. . 5. SECURITY:  Room card keys are checked by security staff before guests enter elevators to the rooms.  Security personnel roam guest room halls in the evenings. . . 6. LOCATION:  At about mid strip, the location is perfect.  An easy walk up to Wynn or Palazzo or Venetian. Caesars is roughly next door on one side and Cosmpolitan on the other with Paris across the street.  A tram connects Bellagio to City Center shops and to Aria (also owned by MGM as is Bellagio). . . NEEDS IMPROVEMENT:. . 1. $25 "RESORT FEE PER DAY: Applied to all rooms, hypothetically for wifi and access to the exercise room but is simply a way to up room rates.  . . 2. ACCESSIBILTY ISSUES -  GUEST ROOM LOCATIONS:  Bellagio has not put wheelchair accessible rooms on the best location fountain side of the building even though the  1990 Federal Civil Rights law of ADA requires accessible rooms to be distributed in all locations so people with disabilities can enjoy the same inclusion as do all others.  MGM, Bellagio's owner, has been sued for similar problems at the MGM Grand to result in compliance.  They know better.  But some hospitality entities hold a strategy of waiting to be sued at each hotel property before ADA compliance.   It was a nosebleed for my friend when she needed an accessible fountain side room for her father in law here this year.  Just a "heads up" if you need an ADA compliant room and want fountain view.  However, all rooms and bathrooms have lots of clear floor space for accessibility if you can forego grab bars and seated showering. . . 3. RESERVATIONS - CHECK IN - POST CHECK OUT PROBLEMS:  All three couples in our party this time had problems making and revising reservations as online systems weren't working,  Neither were the systems when we called to do this by voice.  Check in took a very long time, again due to systems problems.  In each event, the staff involved acted as if they were doing us a favor.  And when my friend discovered after check out that he'd left a piece of luggage in his room, customer service staff was indifferent about helping him.  That luggage was gone for good.. . THIS N THAT:. . FOUNTAIN: The music choreographed water fountain in the 8 acre sized lake that fronts Bellagio goes on about 2P every afternoon  at maybe at 30 minute intervals, and the last show is about midnight.   Street level viewing is great and a good place to also watch is from the outdoor patio of Mon Ami Gabi at Paris across the street.. . JEAN PHIILLIPE:  The main location of this pastry, chocolate and gelato purveyor is at Aria and worth the free tram ride there to indulge. But the smaller location off the Bellagio lobby has many of the same delights. Worth standing in line here to buy them.  The calories consumed in Las Vegas don't count!
Classic. Bellagio is elegant. Sure it has the Italian flare but it is not a theme park like Paris nor is it hip and cool like The Cosmopolitan. . . The rooms are nice. Four of us stayed in joining rooms with two queen beds. Yep, no full size for Bellagio. All the beds were plush and soooo comfortable. Service was top notch. . . Sure it's a bit pricey but you do get what you pay for. Just wish it had an indoor pool.
Seemed like one of the best of the major casinos I have visited.
There is not a lot to write about the Bellagio that you probably don't know. Let's see a short list as to why you go here. . . 1. It's amazing and beautiful. 2. Water show outside that is out of this world. 3. Extremely clean and flashy inside. 4. Some of the best shows in Vegas. 5. It's the Bellagio!. . Enjoy!
We took a quick 4 day trip to Vegas over Thanksgiving again this year and decided to stay at the Bellagio.  As a whole, Vegas slows down a bit over Thanksgiving and the weather is usually very nice too making it a fun place to go for a quick trip.  We received an email about 2 months before the trip with room specials so decided to upgrade from theMirage where we originally booked.  The Bellagio is a very nice place, but also very crowded, even during off-peak times.  Overall we liked the Hotel a lot and would stay there again.  The stylish rooms (non-smoking floors available), comfort of the beds, views of the fountain shows, courtesy of all the staff, hotel location on the strip and food variety were all great.  . . The down side would be the time it took for us to get our room, over an hour past the 3 pm allowed check in time.  They have late check out, 4 pm for VIPs as well, but do not seem to have the staffing to get the rooms cleaned and turned back over in a timely manner.  There were constant lines in the lobby, at the reception, well into the 7-8 pm hour and with limited seating during the wait.  There seem to always be commotion going in the main lobby almost every time we passed through tons of people smoking.. . Another observation we made was that the prices for almost everything inside the Bellagio were very expensive.  Much more so than other places we've stayed on the strip.  Prices for items in the mini-bar were silly.....$5, for a small bottle of water, $14 for a one ounce liquor, $5 for soda and mixer on and on.. . The Bellagio was fun overall and very entertaining.  I didn't feel it was quite a 5 star, but better that 4.  I would give it a 4  1/2 over all.
This place is quite good. I've had breakfast here (delicious breakfast burrito and bloody mary), lunch (I think we tried everything on the menu) and numerous cocktails (I recommend the Funky Monkey or whatever the banana colada-type cocktail is called). The service has always been excellent for me and I love that it is on the pool deck and such a convenient spot when I am doing some serious lounging. I really like it here. I'll be back.
Very nice hotel. Its one of the easier hotels to get in and out of if you don't mind using the Valet. My wife and I think that is has some of the best places to dine on the strip... especially with a nice lake view. (Prime, Olives) What we like most is that it is upscale, but not overly snooty. It really feels like this place is more grown up yet still has places for the younger crowd.
Our party stayed elsewhere, but after seeing the updated version of Ocean's Eleven, I had to pay the fountains a visit. In a word, they don't disappoint. Well, that's more than a "word", but you get the point. It is Vegas's best entertainment value. At night time and especially on the weekends, it is very crowded and hard to take pictures, but arguably more beautiful when lit up at night. They have a full time crew driving around the man-made like just making sure the nozzles are properly adjusted. It is really quite the site to see that words do not do justice. . . Also of note inside the Bellagio are the Botanical Gardens. If you click over on my profile, I did a full review of them separately. As for gambling in the casino, it seems that as an older venue, they don't pump the cigarette smoke out as well as in the new ones, so you've been forewarned. Nonetheless, the casino, gardens and fountains are all worth checking out if you make it to the strip. There's also free parking in their spacious garage which can be found to the left of the main entrance and up the ramp.
Wonderful staff, really clean rooms and a great casino...  Really the only downside was having our six year old along for the ride.  Not as kid friendly as Mandalay Bay.  Would be perfect otherwise :)
Somewhere in a 3 and a 4 star review!. . We decided to be fancy even though we're pretty non-fancy, since this is our first "family" vacay. It's definitely fancy. Our room bathroom is huge, with a fancy-shmancy glass shower and even a full size tub! The room itself has a king size bed with tons of pillows, which are obviously shows how fancy we are. (Can I use fancy more times? Probably. But I think this is enough.) No complaints about the room itself. There's even a digital scale inside the room if you want to make sure that the constant buffet dining isn't killing your waistline! (Ours was hiding underneath the counter--didn't notice it until day 3, so not sure how it compares to the scale # at home).. . The housekeeper assigned to our room is like a stealth ninja--we leave for a few hours, and come back to a room that looks exactly the same but cleaner. How she cleans without moving our stuff? Not sure, but the room has been spotless our entire trip.. . Amenities:. -The mini-bar and mini-snack-bar are ridiculously overpriced and way too tempting at 4am. But I guess if you have more money than us, it's super convenient.. -The hotel room is super super super far from the lobby. And you have to walk through all the tourists in the conservatory/lobby to get there. At 4AM, it's maybe a 5 minute walk from lobby to room. At 10pm, it can take up to 20 mins because the group of 50 people in front of you are going at 1 mile per hour because they're taking pictures of the ceiling for no apparent reason.. -The gym is really nice and equipped with all the latest cardio and weight training equipment (no squat rack but they have a huge set of nice dumbells). Unfortunately, you have to walk through crowds of people to get there, so if you're self conscious, you might not want to go. Protip: the gym is inside the spa and is only open during the day, not 24h.. -There is a heated outdoor pool (yes! I know it's December! But we're from Boston and it's kind of warm-ish here and also, pool! How can you NOT go to a pool when it's there waiting for you?!?!) but only 1 pool and 2 hot tubs were open and they were on the opposite side of the courtyard from our hotel room. This was only a problem because it's the middle of winter and our feet got cold when we walked over. They have a full time lifeguard, which was silly because the pool that was open is only 3 ft deep and it would be embarassing if you needed saving there.. . The entire hotel (casino, lobby, walking into the lobby, etc) is extremely crowded all day and most of the night. This is worse than any of the other hotels I've stayed at or have been to in Vegas. This also means that all the hotel restaurants have 2+ hour waits during peak times, so if you are lazy like us and don't like to leave the hotel, make reservations before your trip or stay somewhere else.. . Get a mlife rewards card and link it to you room--you get points for your room stay which you can use for discounts at the restaurants.. . I almost want to dock a star because the front desk called us around 8AM (who gets up at 8AM in Vegas?!!?!) because apparently there was a leak below and wanted to make sure it wasn't coming from our room. It wasn't. We went back to bed but 8 AM! On the other hand, for the people below us who had the leak, I guess it's awesome that the hotel tried to solve it ASAP.. . Overall? Great hotel, but super tourist-packed so probably not the most convenient to stay at!
Stay there for 1 night. Hotel was great. Clean and nice. And, yep!~free wifi!~
***Bellagio has many iconic Las Vegas elements like the fountains, their seasonal gardens, the popular Cirque du Soleil show O, and high-end cuisine; these features make Bellagio a must visit to at least just take a look; however (on my visit), my room was not as nice as other upscale hotels I have stayed at on The Strip***. . When I first visited Las Vegas a long time ago, Bellagio was the most talked about hotel and the most upscale hotel (or at least near the top) on The Strip.  Since then, there have been many new hotels that have joined The Strip and some as elegant or even more elegant than Bellagio.. . Bellagio definitely has a beautiful exterior with the impressive and vast lake as well as the signature fountains.  Inside, you will find the Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens--a constantly changing (with the seasons) exhibit that makes for a good photo opportunity.  Bellagio also features quite a few notable fine dining spots including Picasso, Le Cirque and Michael Mina.  There is also a gourmet French patisserie (Jean Philippe) though all of these great things are open to the public and do not require a room stay, which is expensive though often less expensive than The Cosmopolitan, Wynn or Encore.. . My room was nice.  It was fairly contemporary though there were a lot of traditional touches with the bedding and furniture.  The room did lack the sleek and modern look of the rooms at Aria.. . The bathroom was nice--very spacious with standalone showers and bath tubs.  There were a few areas where the room could have been better.  The TV wasan old fashioned deep TV and not a flat screen.  I often never turn on a hotel room TV though I imagine some would be disappointed to find such an outdated TV in an upscale hotel like Bellagio.. . The other negative, which was a big one, was the room temperature.  The A/C unit was not that good and even after having maintenance look at it, the room just never got cool enough, which can be a concern here due to the very hot summers.  It seems other Yelp reviews indicate the same issue regarding poor A/C units.  However, I believe Bellagio has been refreshing the decor in their rooms so maybe these outdated elements and poor A/C units have been (or will be) improved (I think they have moved onto flat screen TVs).. . Also included in the stay was access to the fitness center, which was nice.  The pool area was also nice--many different pools and lots of greens, fountains and other scenery if you are just looking to lounge around.. . Service was friendly and prompt.. . Room rates are high at Bellagio, but there are times of the year where you can find reasonable room rates.  Bellagio has a room rate calendar on their website, which makes for a useful tool to help you pick a time to stay at Bellagio (best room rates are often during the week though and several top Vegas shows are dark and high end restaurants are closed in the early part of the week).. . I wished I liked my room more at Bellagio.  I actually liked Caesars Palace more.  I have heard the quality of the room really varies at which tower you stay at Caesars Palace, but the room I had there felt nicer, more elegant and more comfortable than Bellagio.  And even though my first stay at Aria was at a very small room, my second stay there was at a much bigger room and its modern and sleek look felt more upscale than Bellagio.. . If you can get a good room rate at Bellagio though, it can be a good hotel choice on The Strip.  It is still a nice hotel and it has a great location--right next to Caesars Palace and The Cosmopolitan, which is a real hot spot right now.  Even if you do not stay at Bellagio, it is a must visit for first time Las Vegas travelers to check out the Fountains of Bellagio, the Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens and some of their food (either a more cost friendly option like Jean Philippe or one of their upscale restaurants like the good-for-Vegas Picasso).. . Like most Las Vegas hotels on The Strip, Bellagio offers both free valet and self parking.
First time staying here and I had a great time. The hotel inside and out is beautiful. The rooms are kind of old style and you can tell it's an older hotel, especially when you compare it to the new rooms at Aria. The room was still very nice and we had a beautiful view of the strip and the pools. We went to the buffet there and it was really good, we actually went in at the brunch price and then were there long enough to try some of the dinner selection too. My only complaint, and it's not that bad, was that after the club one night we wanted to get room service and it was an 60-90 minute wait. Me & my friends just decided to forget it and just passed out instead.
This is one of the best casinos and hotels on the strip.  The building is impressive and beautiful.  The hotel rooms are nicely appointed and comfortable.  The service is excellent and they often remember guests by name.  They provide a truly excellent experience at this establishment.
One of the better high limits rooms that I have been to in Vegas.  The staff was friendly and the drinks were strong.
We didn't stay here, but spent a lot of our time in Vegas inside the Bellagio. The gardens are breathtaking, wow! Overall, the hotel has been kept up well and is pleasant to walk around. Many nice eateries, a pretty good buffet, breathtaking glass ceiling in the lobby, and even a tram to Aria and City Center now.
The fountains are what its all about! Not only is the water show something you should witness, but there is a chocolate fountain inside the Bellagio, which is every chocolate lover's dream. The Jean-Philippe pastries & chocolates is a hidden gem within the hotel. The almond croissant is worth every penny! The shops are impressive. The casino is pretty big, but I didn't like the atmosphere. The lobby ceiling has all murano glass & is centrally located along the Strip. We saw the water show at night, all lit up & was a sight to see.
Well, I did enjoy my stay at the Bellagio.  The room was nice, and there were many really good restaurants to eat at.  I enjoyed the water show from both the hotel side and the street side.  We had arrived the day that there was a shooting on the strip between a Maserati and a Range Rover, which ended in the Maserati running into a cab and killing the driver and the passengers, plus the driver of the Maserati.  This tragedy shut down the strip, so when we arrived we ended up getting dropped off at a corner and luging our luggage down the strip ourselves.  A small inconvenience given the tragedy.  So, this perspective also reminded me that I won't sweat the small stuff.  We had a mountain view and it was a little noisy, due to traffic noise from the freeway.  But my overarching feeling, is that  the Bellagio was a great place to stay.
So busy but SO OPULENT!  I don't know I'll be able to do Vegas anywhere but the Bellagio.
This is a really pretty hotel. Lots of restaurants, decent size casino, great shops, pretty pool area, amazing decor that changes seasonally. Only thing is that I wish they had at least one restaurant that had cheaper choices. Even their cafe was really expensive, when you'd think a cafe would be on the cheaper side. The service was great, and the rooms are really nice and well equipped. My big complaint is that they didn't provide a fridge, only a mini bar fridge that has weight sensors so you can't move anything around because you'll get charged if you pick anything up. So if you want to store things that require refrigeration, you can have them put a mini fridge in your room for an extra $35 a day. No thank you!. . On a happy note, we really enjoyed our stay at the Bellagio and I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Vegas. It's almost right in the middle of the strip which meant we could walk easily to all the different places knowing that our walk back to the hotel wouldn't be a stretch.
There are few places that intimidate me and the Bellagio is one of them. This place is HUGE: the casino, fountains, botanical gardens, art galleries, shopping, fine dining, EVERYTHING. Great location in the middle of the strip.. . Nightlife: I went to the Bank and I had a great time me. It's about 8,000 sq ft and you get preferred entry if you stay at the hotel.  From what I remember they played top 40s and as it moved into the evening they played Hip-Hop & Reggae. Beautiful people everywhere.. . Olives: Fancy birthday dinner for a friend right in front of the famous bellagio foundation. Good food, great service. $$$$. . when in Vegas you have to do it right :)
The standard rooms are fancy but I don't think it merits the 5 star price tag. However, the pool is extremely nice and I believe it's only open to guests of the hotel so that (and other amenities I haven't used) might make it worthy of the $$$$. The casino itself is pretty classy too! The decorations are nice and my family loves going to the botanical gardens, which change with the seasons.
Had breakfast at the pool cafe, similar to Cafe Bellagio, the way the staff treats you is well worth the price premium you might experience at another resort cafe.. . For starters I had the Oatmeal, which came with a side of brown sugar and milk on a separate dish.  Normally I wouldn't bother to ask for additional compliments but since they were included without asking, I thought that was a big plus!. . For the main course I had the Belgian waffle which came with a side of cinnamon butter, I really felt that butter enhanced the waffle and I had to do my best to pace myself and not devour it in 4 bites!. . While I can't find myself making a special trip just to come to this cafe, I have peace of mind knowing that if I'm in the area and hungry and the cafe inside is full, I have a solid option available at the pool!
Has to be one of the best hotels I've stayed at in Las Vegas.  The rooms are spacious, clean, and cozy.  My only issue with both my stays at their hotel is the fountain. The first time I stayed here, I felt that I lucked out with views of their infamous fountain from my room. But if you're one trying to get to bed early, the sounds of the water crashing down and the bright lights have you tossing and turning all night.  My second stay was facing the fountain as well but I was prepared with ear plug and Capt N Morgan. By the way, I cannot comment on the price because both times were paid by someone else. . . As for the casino floor, Bellagio has a lot to offer. The Conservatory, Gallery of Fine Arts, conference rooms, restaurants, and their poker room are all favorites of mine.  Although, I've never had the stack or the skills to ever play in Bobby's Room, it's just an amazing feel knowing that million dollar hands are played out almost daily. . . If you've been to Las Vegas, you know all about the Bellagio. If you're looking to visit, make this a stop. No expense needed for the fountain and people watching.
The Bellagio hotel is breathtaking!  As you enter the Bellagio your eyes are drawn to ceiling to the 2,000 hand blown glass blossoms that make up the magnificent a Fiori di Como  by glass sculptor Dale Chihuly. As you check in it is easy for your eyes to roams over the shoulder of the friendly staff who are checking you in as they are drawn to the amazing floral display.  But this is just a prelude to the spectacular Conservatory & Botanical Gardens which is like walking through a imaginary wonderland of exquisite flower displays, dazzling water features and unique rare butterfly atriums.  What could ever top all of this you might ask?  The amazing Bellagio fountain show!  It never gets old!  Every time I experience the music, combined with the beautiful water display my heart swells! There is something so emotional about the experience!  I recommend trying to get a reservation at one of the many Bellagio restaurants that have outdoor patios overlooking the fountain.. . During our visit we stayed in room 28072 which overlooks the fountains!  The room is in a quiet part of the hotel away from elevators, service closets, etc. The room had a modern blue and white decor which was extremely calming!  The room and bathroom are spacious.  There is a large window to view the fountains and it adds a certain open feeling to the room.. . The Bellagio pools and courtyard is very beautiful!  It is composed of 6-7 different pools surrounded by tons of trees and lined with private cabanas!   They have a large drink list and a reasonable menu however I recommend having a nice relaxing lunch at the pool cafe!. . Did I miss anything?  Yes!  The amazing restaurants, clubs and poker room!  The spa is beautiful!  . . Other note worthy items:. Gym fee is already included in room/hotel fee. Hotel does NOT smell like smoke! . Staff is really friendly. Room 28068 which my mother in law stayed in is right across from servers closet which can be very noisy
With 1,169 reviews on The Bellagio, I want to share my experiences on my staycation here before my review gets buried like a Cadillac in the desert. So here is review  #1,170 on the Bellagio. It is based on my staycation here from March 24 to 29 2013. Due to the fact that the Bellagio is this colossal property with so many elements, what I did was separate the review into sections with ratings.. . Location:  4 stars. .      The Bellagio stands at the heart of the Strip where Las Vegas Boulevard and Flamingo Road intersect. It is neighbors with casino superstars Caesar's Palace, the Flamingo, Cosmopolitan, Bally's, Paris, and Planet Hollywood. Pederstrian bridges connect The Bellagio with Caesar's Palace and Bally's. From the south part of the property, there is a tram with stops at City Center and Monte Carlo. The reason that I gave the location 4 instead of 5 stars, is that peak traffic is atrocious. For this reason, I do not recommend renting a car if you are staying here. A major flaw is that the only way to reach the Bellagio parking garage is from the Las Vegas Boulevard. I would personally prefer swimming in the Las Vegas Wash than driving on Las Vegas Boulevard at peak times. I say this with such seriousness that I parked at the Monte Carlo parking lot, which has access to Frank Sinatra Drive, and used the tram to get to the Bellagio.. . The room: 4 stars. .    I spend little time in the room. If I did, this would be a comfortable room to be in. Being that this is the Bellagio, the room is a representation of the wealth and class that is the Bellagio image. The bathroom is huge. There is a bath tub and shower. The beds are superb. The drapes are controlled by a switch. Escaping my Henderson apartment for a couple of days, this is opulence that was above my life style. There is a flaw. There was not any closets. Do keep in mind that the resort fee includes use of the robe in the cabinet. I also want to give a shout out to the Maids for doing a great job cleaning up our mess.. . Pricing: 3 stars. .   The Bellagio is a high end hotel. Usually the price is exorbitant. However when the supply of rooms exceeds the demand the price could be reasonable. To get a good deal, I suggest hotels.com. Also when you use hotels.com, the practice has been that the tenth night you use them is free. When we stayed at the Bellagio from Sunday to Thursday night the room was $132 a night plus the $25 resort fee. The Bellagio did give us a $50 meal credit. . . Safety: 4 stars. .    Safety seems to be a priority with Bellagio management. It was standard procedure to have a security person standing by the elevator banks.. . Public areas: 4 & 1/2 stars. .    I don't have to write about the Bellagio's public areas. When Steve Wynn developed it in the late 90's, he built a hotel that was going to be the best in the World. Today the Conservatory and Fountains live up to his vision. I have learned from Steve Wynn's competitor Donald Trump that your quality of life goes up when you surround yourself with beauty. After leaving a beautiful room, I would meet my family in the Conservatory, and take in the Fountains on the walk to the Strip.. . Swimming pool: 4 stars. .    The magnificence of the hotel extends into the pool area. The pools are in a large courtyard. Each pool is large. The water is warm and clear. Each pool includes a hot tub that offers sufficient elbow room. The time that I spent in the swimming pool and lying on the chaise was precious.. . Restaurants: 3 stars. .    I am sure that the restaurants are remarkable fine dining options. The thing is that every restaurant is expensive. From my experience, the Bellagio Buffet is one of my favorites. In my early days of yelping, I rated it 4 stores. For people on a budget, the Magnificent Mile across the Boulevard offers reasonably priced restaurants.. . The casino: 4 stars. .      From the days of Steve Wynn's to MGM Resorts ownership, the casino has changed. In the days of the Steve Wynn ownership, the slot machines were silent. Now the slot machines make the well known carnival sounds and the music of the night clubs overflows into the casino. When my brother and I played Caveman Keno near the Lilly Night Club late at night, I was impressed by the drink service. They made my alcohol beverage of choice: the Blue Hawaiin to my expectations. They tasted far superior to the $11 Blue Hawaiin that I had across the Boulevard in Napoleons. The cocktail waitress was persistent with the drinks. Too bad I cannot say that about hitting my Keno numbers.. . Chances of returning:. .    Lets face it, I am not wealthy. It was a treat to have spent a few nights in the Bellagio. Unlike the Excalibur, they do not draw people in with discounts. I would like to return to the Bellagio one day. Chances are I will be staying in another Strip property before staying in the Bellagio. I am just happy that I had the chance to have stayed there.. . ***This is review 63 of the Yelp 100 Challenge."
Had a great time and great stay at the Bellagio.  Although it was a little crowded at check in it was worth the wait.  Room was great with a great view of the strip.  I used the gym for two days and they had enough weight and cardio equipment to make it a good workout.  Casino was clean and friendly too.
First chance to stay at the Bellagio while on a business conference at the property.  Of course, it's a nice property with an excellent location on the Strip.  I had a very basic run of the house room, but it was plenty big and nice.  Bathroom was nice as well.  If you are there for meetings or a conference then ask for the Spa Tower, much closer to the convention center wing.  . . Not my favorite property in Vegas, but I am also drawing comparisons to the Cosmo, Palazzo, and Wynn.  All of which I like better, but Bellagio is in the upper tier of hotels in Vegas.  Try and score a room with view of the fountains if the hotel is not too busy.
Every time there is a special occasion or I want to pamper myself, I tried to stay in the strip for a night or two to relax. one of the best places, ive stayed at is the Bellagio. Bellagio seems to have the best of everything. the location is perfect. its at the heart of the strip. its more expensive compared to the other hotels in the strip, so if u want to save money, u probably would want to stay away from this hotel. but u can always get discounts, ive seen 200$ a night on orbitz one time, and for Bellagio on a weekend, that's a bargain. the room is clean, posh, and has a comfortable bed. if u have enough to spare, get a room with a fountain view.. . the Bellagio also boasts a watershow in front of the hotel and I think it runs every 15mins at night during weekends. its always packed, so its always best to come right at the end of show for the next show. inside, they have the beautiful garden that is always changing every season
What is there to say about the Bellagio which hasn't been said!  The 'dancing' water fountains, the great variety of restaurants including the AWESOME Picasso, the lovely entry with the beautiful glass fixtures, the flowers, the pool...If only they would ban smoking in the casinos...oh well, we can always dream...this is the only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars
This is a review of the buffet. It feels "homey" in terms of decor. But the food and selection is awesome and decently priced.
4 1/2 star!. . Stayed here for my best friend's anniversary! We booked the fountain view room! The room is nice luxurious but traditional! The fountain view is awesome with music played on TV so you can enjoy the show from your room! . The casino is beautiful and classy... We got great luck here so it made our stay more pleasant! The hotel's atrium is beautiful!. . We had dinner at chef Todd English's restaurant, Olives... Expensive and disappointed! The patio dinning area with direct fountain view was a highlight of our expensive meal! The circuit du soleil's O is a must see... It was amazing!. . We saw quite a few celebrities during our stay here... Laker's players, Motley Crue.... . Why 4 1/2 star?. Although the hotel is beautiful, overall the decor is a bit old school comparing to other hotels in this area... And it is really expensive!. . Definitely will stay here again!
Solid four star.. . My first time ever staying at Bellagio and I was disappointed. Have stayed at all the nice hotels in Vegas and I thought this would be nicer. However, I was not overwhelmed. It's very nice but not 5 star. Nothing majorly wrong but little things (and they say it's the little things that matter) like an issue with the plumbing in my room and a rude bellhop.. . The good:. Huge gym with nice staff. It's included in the "resort fee." LOL. Why have a resort fee. Just raise your price by 20. Anyway, nice gym and it was really huge. Busy but tons of machines available. They could use a couple of standard exercise bikes as they only have recumbent. However, great staff, water available all over, tons of equipment, nice view of the pool area, etc..... . The pool areawas very nice. I only spent a little time out there but they had good pool service, lots of chaises, and several pool options. A few too many smokers but it's Vegas so what you gonna do. . . The hotel is really huge. Several restaurants to choose from. Many stores. Obviously a big casino. Lots of extras like the art gallery and flower garden. Overall, a very impressive hotel and, considering how big it is, it's run pretty smoothly.. . Oh ya, and the location is perfect. It's dead center of the strip in my opinion. You can't do better.. . Again, solid 4 star in my opinion.
needs a remodel soon.... feeling outdated
This is probably a 4.5 star review.  We have stayed at Bellagio 3 times now.  The dealers are typically very lively, even though it's a "fancier" place than other joints on the strip.  Friendly, and not stuffy at all.  It's of course very nice, even though it's about 15 years old now.  It has held up very well and remains one of the nicest places on the strip.  . . The rooms are of average size, with very comfortable beds.  The bathroom is large for a standard room.  Good-sized shower and a tub that most can soak in.  Maybe my favorite bathroom for a standard room in Vegas.. . There is delicious food: Jasmine, Prime, Olives, etc.  But, my one complaint about Bellagio's food is there is not much in the way of middle of the road casual dining.  If you don't want a fancy lunch, your only options are snack bar type places or the Cafe Bellagio, which is Bellagio's 24 hour coffee shop (a must at all Vegas casinos).  Even places like Yellowtail and Fix are pricier than a typical casual place, and these are not the top places at Bellagio.  . . Bellagio's long running cirque show O is worth the (high) price of admission.  Also, the pool is large and service is excellent.  If you spring for a cabana, you won't regret it.  Excellent service.. . Will definitely stay at Bellagio again.  The casino hosts and front desk employees are also fantastic.  Customer service clearly means something to Bellagio, and the employees demonstrate this.
For my first stay in Vegas, I couldn't imagine staying any where other than the Bellagio. The lobby is clean, stunning and welcoming. The staff were knowledgeable, and genuine in welcoming/answering any questions. There seemed to be a variety of restaurants on the property (although reservations were difficult to get at times, so book ahead!). . . The casino was more spacious than others on the strip which helps if you are trying to avoid the smoke. I enjoyed the dealers, but found the tables a bit expensive for being an inexperienced gambler. . . Overall, you can't miss the fountains and scenery. It's worth the extra money to stay at this hotel (beautiful rooms--best hotel bathroom for this price!) At least it'll make you feel a little fancy...
Now this was more like it!! One of the nicest hotels my sisters and i stayed at and we enjoyed the huge spacious room we all shared together since we went out without our husbands at the time!  They have plenty of fancy shops with all the big name labels like Chanel, Gucci, Prada, etc. and the host big poker tournament events also if that is something your interested in seeing. We had a great time losing our money at the slot machines here....
I stayed at Bellagio for two night last week and I loved this hotel/casino.  My room was stunning!  The bed was a dream...I slept like a baby!  The casino floor is well designed and clean.  They will comp  your drinks at teh video poker bars as long as you play two credits.. . I also left my ipad behind, luckily realizing this before heading to the airport, and the staff was very caring and prompt in getting my belongings back to me.
I enjoyed my few days staying at the Bellagio. We had a lovely corner room that overlooked the pools. The recent remodel is fun and fresh with a comfortable bed. The bathroom is huge and nice appointed with marble and high end finishes.. . I used the fitness center and men's spa. Both were more exceptionally clean and staffed with friendly, attentive staff. I am always happy when I can get in a real workout when on vacation.. . The pool area was also very clean and inviting. As one person mentioned, you will have to dodge building shadows as the day progresses, but for me, that's okay because I like to be in the shade at times.. . What impressed me most is that services like the gym, spa, valet, WiFi and more were included in the price of the basic room price and not charged per item. It makes for a welcoming stay where you can actually use the amenities and not feel like you're spending money at every corner.. . Every staff member I encountered was helpful and genuinely friendly. That is worth a lot. I would visit again for sure.
Convenient for a quick breakfast in the warm morning sunshine. I had the blueberry pancakes, which come served with cinnamon butter and syrup. Yum!. . Service was friendly and attentive. Not a bad place to eat and enjoy the view of the pool.
The rooms here are a lot larger than I remember them being. I would actually consider the rooms pretty spacious. Bellagio is a quality hotel that has been able to keep up with renovations over the years and have been one of the hotels that have been able to maintain the same clientele despite the age of the property. This place has also aged very well because by no means does it look 15 years old.
I was a bit disappointed by my stay here, but to be fair I must give out a four-star review.. . The good: The hotel is nice overall, the staff was very professional and friendly, decent internet, the rooms are nicely decorated and it's just a nice place overall.. . The bad: The non-smoking room smelled so badly of smoke that my clothes (that went directly to the room and never left the room - not anything I wore around the casinos) smelled the next day.  The mini bar scared me - touch something and you pay god knows what for it (yes, I'm sure they're all like that).  The price is obviously high, but the hotel is not enough better for the price.. . I'll probably want to try out somewhere else next time, but it would be fine to go here again.
Bellagio is the best Casino Hotel & Resort that I've stayed in Las Vegas! . . Their front lobby was easy to find and front desk people were very helpful; their buffet was the best and offer many fresh choices in seafood, meant and veggies. They do have many other fancy restaurants inside as well and none of them really disppoints me; though sometimes when they get busy, it was very difficult to get their attention to order something at a bar or cafe.. . I love how they have all nice name brand stores inside as well, so I won't need to walk all the way to the mall to get what I want; not to mention their sales tax is much lower than bay area.. . Hotel rooms are very grand and roomy; beds are comfy and clean. Their taxi line gets so long though; I think they should have the Bellagio customers line since they pay for the hotel rooms.
we usually get lucky with our favorite slot machine "top dollar". the best strawberry daiquiri.  . the best cirque show in vegas "o". we love to vist the garden
I come here everytime i visit Vegas this is one of my strip stops. Love this hotel nice and the atmosphere here is great lots to see here and the water show is awesome and also l love the deco and the themed  area by the registration area which changes every season.
Don't get me wrong, this is a very nice hotel! My personal favorite part of the hotel would have to be the pools just because there were a variety of them and I spent a good portion of my time there ;) The look of the hotel is very regal, and there are good places to eat within the hotel. Room decor fit the whole "theme", though it wasn't anything that I would say 'OMG awesome!' to. Though a good place to stay, I would probably stay elsewhere next time I'm around.
Stayed here for a weekend, this place is pretty darn clean! The room though, it pretty much just like other nicer hotels in Vegas...really nothing too special. The view from the room I stayed at was awesome during the night fountain show. This hotel is also at a really nice location, pretty middle of the strip. Room service and staffs were also very quick and super nice and helpful. . . I also like the casino games and dealers. They're pretty nice. The shops and food here is also pretty awesome. Oh, mojito by the pianobar is pretty yum, and gosh, the buffet here is still my favorite!
I did return because the Palazzo was booked (see my previous review on the B). BUT, they did change their decor. It is no longer old-y. It is blue-y and modern-y. Room service took about one hour when ordering at 4pm. We got the rigatoni, rock shrimp wraps, lobster club with fries and two ranches, french onion soup, and doughnuts. Everything was delish save for the donuts. We wanted donuts!!! Not some hard, not-fresh, lots of sugar on top and crappy toppings-doughnut. Work on that please. And front desk, it isn't on the menu on your phone. Their extension is 7401. I think. Or you can call the bell desk and ask them to transfer you.
Just another yummy cafe. For starters we ordered the chicken tenders. It's somewhat like KFC's popcorn chicken just a bit bigger in size. I ordered their turkey sandwich and it was delicious! Loved the bread and the avocado aioli. . . Service was a bit slow but other than that they were all kind. If you're easy going and just want a hearty lunch, this is the place for you.. . MAKE SURE to wear shoes, shirt, and pants. I know that sounds silly but if you're out in the pool you need to wear clothes in order to dine, not swimwear
This is a very niche-oriented review which I think is fine given there are over a thousand total reviews for Bellagio already.  I'm saying that I am a fan of the bar near the O theater with video poker and blackjack screens built into the bar.  The bartenders there were great.  Very friendly, made good stiff cocktails and there was no charge as long as you were killing time on the video gaming, playing a dollar a hand.  My son and I killed over an hour there for a total of $7.00 between us and had more than our share of Grey Goose ahead of our O show.  . . Oh yeah.... The Bellagio fountains are awesome, just in case you hadn't yet heard ;)
I stayed here during EDC week in Vegas & I really enjoyed my stay. Customer service is outstanding. I don't think I've ever been more comfortable at any other hotel than I was at The Bellagio. Also, the clerks at check in are so kind they gave me & my friends a very generous discount on our room. I will definitely consider staying here again next time I'm in Vegas.
I have stayed here twice now with my wife-lovely place to stay for a three day weekend on the strip. Buffet here is a pretty damn good one (as buffet's go that is..). I would go back and will....
I remember staying here for a weekend and was expecting it to be too mature of a place for us, young, girls to enjoy Vegas.. However, this is one of the few times I was pleasantly mistaken. . Staying at Bellagio was a great experience. The service from the front desk to the bell hop to the room service. Everything exceeded my expectations.. The room was quite roomy for 2 double beds and even a living area. Customer service went beyond protocol- customer service with a smile would be an understatement.. Bellagio ranks among the top places to stay, IMO, and I would recommend this spot to anyone planning a trip to sin city.
Stayed at the Bellagio from June 13-16th, 2013 to celebrate my aunt's birthday.. Location: The location of the Bellagio is convienent. It is located on the Las Vegas Strip and is close by to many restaurants and shopping malls. . Check In: The check in process was long but worth the wait. We had all of our questions answered about rooms and what not. The receptionists were very nice and apologized for our long wait which was very much appreciated. When we asked about what was in our originally booked resort room, they explained it. Also, since we decided that the room wouldn't meet all of our needs, they offered us an upgrade to a suite. So we accepted and they gave us a map of the hotel and our room keys and off we went.. Room: We were in the Spa Tower on the 28th floor. When we got to the elevators that would take us up to the room, I was glad to see that there was a security guard on duty to make sure that only Bellagio guests were going in the elevators. Also, for the suites, you have to slide your room key to go up to your room or you wont get anywhere. . So, we get up to the room and walk in and I was immediately in love! There was a living room area with a mini bar, unfortunately you couldn't take anything from it or else they will charge you. There were 3 bathrooms. 3 BATHROOMS! That's crazy! One of them was just a bathroom, one had a shower, and the other had a bathtub. 2 of the bathrooms in the bedroom had mirrors that had a TV in them as well. You could watch TV while you're getting ready. Thats insane! We got offered turn down service every night of our stay, and even though we said no 2 times we still got the chocolates which were awesome!. Pools: The Bellagio has many pools! I went swimming in the main pool and it was refreshing! Considering it was hot outside, I needed to cool off. The pool was not freezing, but it wasnt boiling hot either. It was just right.. Cafe Bellagio: We ate at the Cafe the first night. The food was so good. I had pasta and I dont remember what my parents had, but we all enjoyed our food greatly! The good thing about these restaurants in the hotel too are that you can charge the meal to your room and they just add it on to your bill.. Overall, we had a fantastic stay at the Bellagio and I hope I can stay there again if we have the money for it.
Stayed there from July 12-16.  I think it is the Best Hotel in Las Vegas over all, in terms of Ambiance, Cleaness, Location, Food, Service, and Shows.  Let me Brieftly describe them.  The ambiance. You can see the World's best Water Show in front of the Hotel. The show goes on every 30 mins during day and 15 mins during night, if I remember correctly.  Just walk in the hotel lobby you can see the glass ceiling which they invested over $10 million alone will give you a feeling this Hotel is something.  The flower garden is pretty astonishing. Heard they change the decorations seasonal. The garden temperture stays cool even in the hottest day in Vegas.  Cleaness- Bellagio could be the crowdest hotel in Vegas and it still manage to keep most of the visible areas spot less.  Location- this is the 1st time I'm in Vegas, but I found out it is located in the heart of the Strip. Across the street is the Paris Hotel and Planet Hollywood  is next to it.  On the left is Ceasars and on the right is The Cosmopolitan.  Food- I only tried the Buffet Brunch there, so can't give too many words.  It was ok, not as good as I thought.  For around $60 ish for two, I think the Brunch in Wicked Spoon ($50's for two) at Cosmopolitian blew them away.  Service- I requested for a none smoking, fountain view when I booked the trip, but didn't get it when I arrived. The hostess was nice enough to change our room to a Fountain view room. It was a smoking room, the smell weren't strong enough to bother us so its acceptable.  Shows-Well, not to be Exaggerating, but if you come to Vegas and HAVE NOT SEE the "O"  at Bellagio, you haven't really been to Vegas.  Well, its just me.  I am a much bigger sports fan than a show fan, but I still fall in Love with that show.  Overall, Bellagio exceed my expectation.  Why I still give a 4 star instead of 5 then? Because I don't believe any thing is Perfect..haha.  And the toilet fits more in a motel than a 5 star hotel.
I was so excited to stay at the Bellagio but it just wasn't what I was expecting. The rooms were just basic no pizzazz! And for the price I would expect a little more. However the service we received was wonderful. . . The pool was nice but there was no music and very quiet and an older crowd. So if you're looking for a party pool or one with a little more atmosphere this wouldn't be the place for you. However if you are looking for a quiet pool this is your place.. . All the food and beverages are overpriced, basic coffee was almost $4 and domestic beer (yuck) was $8 where are the micro-brews? . . On Saturday night when we arrived back in our room we were surprised with a box of truffles and a handwritten note from the manager wishing us a Happy Anniversary! It was such a sweet and unexpected touch. . . The Hyde nightclub has a great view of the fountain and if you can get on the guest list you don't have to wait in line or pay and we also got free drinks. However it is too small for how many people they let in and I witnessed a bouncer just push a girl out of his way, he almost knocked her over!. . My only problem with our stay is the food and beverage credit. We had a $100 f&b credit and I wasn't sure if we had used it all up so I called the front desk about an hour before check out and she said we still had $23 this seemed about right. So after spending the $23 I expect a $0 bill. I was surprised when they charged my card $27 after saying I still had a f&b credit. The accounting on my bill doesn't show everything so I am unsure as to why I was charged. So if you have a f&b credit beware it seems as though they don't have a complete update at check out.. . Overall even with the crazy weather...figures they would have some major storm when we go, we had a great time and ready for our next visit.. . Since we go to Vegas every year we like to stay a different hotel so next year Aria or Caesars is calling my name...
Never stepped into any of the guest rooms, but the restaurants, casino, and bars are all great! The buffet at he Bellagio us one of my favorite buffets on the strip. The famous fountain is fun to watch, even though I've seen in many times. There are blogs out there with the play list and times, just google it.
Bellagio hey hey ;). . I had a nice time staying here with my boyfriend. We had a very nice room with a massive king bed and the room itself was clean and pristine. I didn't really like the sheets they used on the bed though because they were a bit scratchy for some reason. The big TV was legit and the bathroom was very pretty. However the toilet always flushed with such force that it scared me every time I flushed it lol The shower was a bit small and the shampoo smelled like citrus which wasn't my favorite but it did the job. . . Checking in was craziness since there were so many people at registration, but the employees working the desk were great and had us checked in in no time. The casino is very nice and I had a good time playing some blackjack for an hour or so (first time gambling!!) The pool was okay, I wish that they had a deeper pool because everything was 3.5 feet which made it feel like we were wading. The restaurants at the Bellagio were pretty legit though so that was fun, especially the Cafe in the Conservatory. . . Definitely a fun Vegas weekend!
Truly great restaurants, wonderful pool, fine rooms, lovely shops and fabulous decor.  Only problem is the infernal check-in wait time, which can be half an hour or more.
OMG this hotel is just GORGEOUS!!! I feel like a Goddess...meow. I didnt get to stay here but we went to The Bank. The pools looked amazing from the inside. LOL  Definitely a place I would stay maybe next time! They have a really fun garden somewhere and lots of tourists were there taking lots of photos!
Since its opening nearly 20 years ago (is it really that old?), the Bellagio has been one of, if not the most, iconic hotels on the Strip.  Being heavily featured in the Ocean's Eleven remake certainly helped, but it was hardly necessary.  Not with the giant lake and the famed fountains sitting in front of such a gorgeous hotel!. . While I've wandered through the hotel every time I've been in Vegas (at the very least to see the conservatory), I had never stayed at the Bellagio until this most recent trip.  Thanks to a promo code one of my friends found, I ended up splitting a Two Queen room with one of the birthday boys (there were five birthday boys/girls in total) for a pretty good rate that included a resort credit.. . Although our room was in their original (read: older) tower, everything had been renovated with an updated look.  Just about all of the standard Vegas amenities were present (mini bar, iron, ironing board, iHome, safe, and multi plug outlet board for devices/internet but no hairdryer), but nothing stood out other than the pristine and spacious bathroom.  Still a great room to stay in though, and kudos to housekeeping for turning down our beds each night.. . -- Beds (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bellagio-las-vegas-3?select=VUQMLWW7ZKMvn1xGf42F-g#Lzs3ccozaRr7Ho8RuiyswA). -- TV/Mini Bar (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bellagio-las-vegas-3?select=VUQMLWW7ZKMvn1xGf42F-g#PYnKIxlfHVCEt3J_uDE9Bg). -- Bathroom (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bellagio-las-vegas-3?select=VUQMLWW7ZKMvn1xGf42F-g#yPa3JjpA18c7rs3-wySiQg). -- Shower (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bellagio-las-vegas-3?select=VUQMLWW7ZKMvn1xGf42F-g#6ZOxDLMm84JYvWH1iCwewA). . For what the rooms lacked in uniqueness though, the rest of the hotel's signature features made up for in spades - the ceiling at the front desk with the blown glass artwork, the conservatory with ever changing decorations and themes, the wealth of in-house shops and eateries, and the aforementioned Bellagio fountains.  . . As a place to stay, I still prefer Aria and Cosmopolitan for their more modern and trendy feel, but Bellagio is right there with them as a hotel overall.  There's no arguing with the subtle luxury of the hotel and the fact they've maintained that feel for so many years speaks volumes.  Plus, they're at the center of it all on the Strip!
The Bellagio is the 4th Hotel I've stayed in since visiting Las Vegas, and it's by far been one of my favorites.. . I had a sales conference and we occupied 70% of Caesars Palace, so The Bellagio was the destination for overflow reservations.  The Bellagio is a luxurious, very brilliant looking venue. The layout of the casino is easy enough to navigate from one place to another.  This was a major plus for me since I had to navigate my way to Caesar's every day.. . My room was comfortable, and well decorated.  My only complain about my room would be the bathroom.  The glass door for the shower was hung crooked.  To the point that if I had the proper tools, I could've fixed the door myself.  With the door being crooked, it allowed pools of water to flow onto the floor.  I didn't notice the water on the floor until I was dressed and almost fell in it at 6:30am.  Instead of flipping out on the front desk, I simply used the additional towels to soak up the water whenever I had to shower.  I made it work.. . Housekeeping was very kind and attentive. There were multiple people who would greet me, ask how I was doing, how my day was going, what brought me into town etc...I think that's a nice touch.  There's nothing wrong with making your guests actually feel like a guest.. . This place also has one of the most well known attractions...The Fountains!  Quite the mesmerizing display I have to admit.  The water explodes into the air and dances to music. It's impressive in the day time, or even at night when they have it lit up with lights.  What's also great about this place is the location.  It's right in the middle of the strip.  Great for wanting to venture north or south on foot.  I enjoyed The Bellagio, and I look forward to coming back again.
Good experience here. Just love de design of the Hotel and especially in the hall. The water show is great of course. Even our room was cleaned in the afternoon when we where just in and took a quick shower.
Clean, modern, and upscale, this hotel screams classy at its best. The hotel lobby is colorful and bright. The people are professional and courteous, always trying to make your stay more pleasurable. The state of the art rooms are spacious, but a bit dim. The pool area is massive. The grounds are well kept with beautiful floral architecture. Though this place may seem more fit for the silver crowd, us middle agers enjoyed our quiet stay here.
I have stayed here several times and each time overlooking the fountains. They are pretty for awhile but its beyond them where the action is packed! The hotel is very large and it seemingly takes long to get to an elevator... of course excited to get out to party and exhausted from the night out on the town! The rooms are comfortable but nothing spectacular. I would imagine they boast some great suites though. Its just a very large hotel but located central to the strip so I can give it 4 stars!
I just like it :)
We are fans of Bellagio and we haven't stayed here once.  Every time we go to Vegas we check out the Water Show which is a family favorite and the conservatory.   Usually drop some money in the slots too.  Now the water show is a must see and usually quite crowded.  Music, lights and water shooting up into the air.  Whats not to like really?  The show is every 15 to 30 minutes depending on the time of day.  We always watch at night....it just seems much more dramatic.   And on warm nights its refreshing because you can feel the water spray and it makes you really cool off too.  Just a relaxing free thing to do in Vegas and who doesn't like that?  The conservatory is beautiful and depending on the season it is decorated appropriately and it is just a beautiful area to take pictures and wonder around in.   We got to enjoy Autumn harvest.  As you can imagine pumpkins, lots of fall colors, flowers and a grist mill and giant cornucopia.  Beautiful. Now because of fellow yelpers I must check out the John Philippe chocolate that until now I've know nothing about.   We are already planning  our next Vegas trip and are planning on staying here...so we can update soon.
Awesome Place,the room very clean,the food is Very Nice,the People so Nice.. I'm a Fan!!!
We always have a great stay here, although the glamor may have faded after 15 years and it may have lost some of it's pezazz now that the Aria and Cosmopolitan have opened up next to it the past couple of years. We still find the Bellagio sophisticated and warm at the same time. The restaurants in the Ballagio are hit and miss I will have to say. But the staff is pure class.
The Bellagio is a gorgeous hotel with an amazing lobby. The only trouble is there are tons of tourists walking around looking for fun which is great and all but it can really take a long time to get around the place. Just plan extra time to get anywhere and plan to walk slow. The spa is nice and they have a great salon where you can get your hair and make-up done. I go there on most trips and I always leave feeling fabulous. There are several great restaurants there like Prime and Picasso's that I recommend. Also, the piano bar in the front is a great place to people watch and they serve caviar. I only gave 4 stars though bc while it's a beautiful place it could use some updating as it's been there quite a while and it's starting to show its age. And it has a rep for having some of the tightest slots in town so you may want to stick to the card tables here. The Bank is the nightclub here and I really like it. They usually have a good dj remixing top 40. It may not be the most flashy club out there but they treat you really well, especially the ladies and it's a lot of fun. Also, O is the cirque show here. It is outstanding and I highly recommend seeing it. I've been twice and I never see shows twice! Oh and let's not forget the fountains out front. If you get a res far enough in advance at Prime, request a table next to the window so you can watch them from dinner.
I'm admittedly a bit of a hotel snob. When it's a five star hotel, there are certain amenities that you get used to or expect, and while Bellagio certainly isn't the worst hotel I've stayed in, it's not the best. . . Check-in was a bit of a wait, standing behind hordes of tourists, but the staff were pleasant enough. The foyer, with its grand Dale Chihuly installation, is admittedly rather lovely.. . Our room was nice- spacious, clean, and well-equipped. Our view was of the pool and spa area, and on the 20th floor- we didn't hear a peep from any of our neighbours, which I appreciate. The bathroom, while spacious, had a shower that didn't drain well, and the shower head was small and needed a proper cleaning. I realise this is the most 'first world problem' thing I've probably ever said on Yelp, but the towels were incredibly rough and scratchy. The bed was large and a bit firm, but very comfortable.. . The pool area was nice, but the temperature of the pool was borderline freezing- my companion didn't want to get in- I swam one lap in the large pool and got out shivering. I'm not certain if the pool is heated, but if it is, they need to heat it a bit more. Drinks by the pool, as expected were somewhat overpriced ($40+ for a Hendricks gin and tonic and a double rum and coke), but that's Vegas for you.. . All in all, our stay was pleasant, but not enough for me to insist on staying again. Next time I'll probably check out Aria or the Mandarin Oriental for a bit more of an upscale  experience.
Drunk in public. Not one f^&* was given. Love the Bellagio. They have a cool chocolate fountain in their sweet shop which is to the right of the main entrance. I think it's in the Guiness book of records for some reason. Largest? Tallest? It's neat. They also have a seasonal exhibit that's free to walk through to the right of the main entrance. When I was there most recently, it was a fall scene. Water wheel, talking trees, Chihuly leaves. Neat!
I didn't stay at the hotel, but I did get to park here -- FOR FREE! . . That's a great perk to people visiting the strip. You can park at the Bellagio, make your way out through the hotel, catch the decor in their lobby - changed seasonally, and then head out to the strip and catch the dancing fountains. Right now  they're being shown on the quarter hour (aka every 15 minutes).. . I'm very happy to say that they believe in seasons. They didn't have their Christmas decor up yet, and I was able to see the last vestiges of their Autumnal decorations in the atrium. I absolutely loved the Ent and the talking Tree. The covered bridge and scarecrow all made me smile.  Their decorating staff is the tops!
Couteous staff, clean spacious rooms, and a great location in the middle of the strip. Stayed at Venetian previously and I thought Bellagio was a much better experience. Will happily return.
This place is great! The only reason why I'm giving the 4 stars instead of 5 is because Mason, the bellmen, decided to steal the $40 I paid for the dry cleaning and charge it to my room. When I order the dry cleaning they told me I had to pay cash or drop a card at the front desk. I knew something was up when he arrived 30 minutes late with no receipt. How low! Is $40 worth it Mason?? . . Everything else was great. Katya checked us in early and was really nice & professional. The room was awesome! I would stay there again. Hopefully Mason, the cash pocketing bellmen will not be working.
What an amazing hotel!!! Wow!!! I felt like royalty walking through there!!!  My bosses treated us to a penthouse suite for out company and Christmas party and it did not disappoint!!. . Although, the originally put us in the wrong room, both rooms were amazing!!!! The one we stayed in was on the 22nd floor over looking the fountains!!! WOW!!! . . There was 3 bathrooms in there, huge living room and bar area.  Huge floor to ceiling windows on all ends!  So clean and fresh and new.  The carpets were plush, the tub was huge and the steam shower was just as amazing as it sounds!!  We could be loud and laugh and sing karaoke, and not have to try to be quite. Everything about that room was amazing!!! . . And the hotel itself is beautiful! It was all decorated for the holidays, such a joy to walk through!!!  The casino was full of smokers, but it wasn't smokey. . . The customer service was meh, just ok.  But all in all thiswas the best hotel I have ever been too!!!  . . Hope to come back, sooner then later.
It's the Bellagio, what do you want from me! Expensive, but you pay for the name. The room was nice, the staff was friendly, and the eye-candy was totally worth it.. . I think next time I'll go in the warm season so I can get a glimpse of the pool, I've heard great things!
Bellagio is definitely the high end hotel on the Strip. It is indeed quite luxurious in the resort and in the room. The room was beautiful with a large entrance that you most often see in master bedrooms in multimillion dollar mansions. The bathroom was nice and large with a huge soak tub.. . We splurge on a fountain view, but we were located in the side building not the main building. I'm sure that would have even more of an upgrade. It's nice that they reserve a channel to play the music while the fountain show is going on. The Internet is free and it's unlimited to the number of devices, which is great!. . The lay out of the resort was nice. From the front desk to the elevators, there is the seasonal room where they change the design monthly. You'll also pass the spa, shops, and a coffee shop. Near the coffee shop, there are some tables with a couple of chairs for you to sit and enjoy your drink. They line the windows so you can see the well manicured grounds outside.. . The elevators to the rooms to the side building is tucked away, which we appreciated so there isn't a crowd pooling in the middle of the walkway.. . The one downside was that the check in line was really slow, but once you get up there, you get the staff member's full undivided attention.. . I would return if I was in the mood to splurge for a special occasion or something.
Overall this is a pretty great casino and hotel.  The public areas are absolutely stunning and warrant a visit even if you aren't staying here.  Compared to some other hotels, Bellagio seems to attract a slightly classier, more elegant visitor (by Vegas standards).  The ventilation was pretty good as well, and even my smoke-hating grandmother wasn't bothered very much.  However, if you can't tolerate smoking, Vegas in general probably isn't the right place for you.. . I was totally impressed at how warm and friendly every single person working there was.  From the maids to the security guards,everybody had a warm smile friendly demeanor.  The rooms were beautiful, though I was a bit surprised at the low quality of the toiletries.  Most of the restaurants and food outlets are very pricey (think $5 muffins and $7 gelato).  I do not consider myself to be a lucky person, but I won at the casino a few times, so that definitely made my stay all the better.
I visited the Bellagio's Christmas exhibit space. I was impressed with the cohesiveness of the small area and how packed it was with visual goodies without feeling cramped and chaotic. It was hard to move, though,what with all the visitors and picture-taking. The tree is gorgeous, the little train very cute, the abundance of poinsettias beautiful. I understand sponsorship is needed but I appreciated the subtlety of the coca-cola advertising by the carnation covered polar bears. The Christmas fountain shows were nice but so short (at least in the daytime). I appreciated the Mandela commemoration by the fountains as well.
Met a friend from San Jose here. it was a nice half way point. Great rooms, Great location. we were able to grab great food in walking distance. as well as lots of entertaining options..dancing, shopping, but believe it or not neither of us did any gambling. I did find some awesome platform sandals that my friends have already borrowed cause they liked them too! Energy and service here was awesome!
