Gallo Blanco is one of my favorites in Phoenix. The ceviche and guacamole are unbeatable, and the tacos are super yummy (carne asada is my favorite). I love the fresh ingredients and great flavors. . . Service is hit or miss, but the food is worth it!
After months of the daily running route right past Gallo Blanco.....we made it to Gallo Blano Cafe a few weeks ago. . . Although it was crowded, and a 20 min wait, the hostess was a sweet young gal who checked on us a few times while we waited. Each time, apologizing for the wait. No worries, the Prickly Pear Margarita held me over.  . . Loved the fact that we could order a combination of tacos (LOVE the shrimp and tuna), fresh guacamole and chips along with a few more drinks and leave with a bill less than $40!  We sat at the back "bar" which looked directly into the kitchen but it worked for us. . . Since this review has taken me a while to complete (ooops!), we have been back two more times. Each time, we rave the entire way home about how much we like GB.  Sad to hear they could no longer use the logo!
Joined @SMUNCHPhoenix at @GalloBlanco.. . For my first breakfast at Gallo, I ordered Chilaquiles Verde, and my girlfriend had the Chorizo and Eggs.. . We were both very happy with our choices!. . The chilaquiles was delicious, with the crispy corn tortillas providing a nice contrast.. . The chorizo and eggs were definitely in line with what I consider to be authentic.. . I am definitely a fan of Gallo, and will return as often as time and money allow.
I just discovered this place today and it was really nice.  Very comfortable, and relaxed.  My friends and I sat and talked for 3 hours and it was very homey with cute couches and chairs.  The art was unique, and same with the decor.  . . I had the Margaretta, and I could easily tell it was fresh, with pulp in the drink.  Fantastic and only $5 with happy hour.  The guacamole was great quality, and very fresh.  . . I had the ahi tuna, shrimp and carne astada tacos, and they reminded me of this great place I found in Rocky Point.  . . I got a glimpse of the pool area and it looks very trendy and fun, I will be going back when the weather warms up.. . Definitely a great place to go, relax, and eat quality food.
I LOVE the food here and the ambiance.  The service can be slow...like sometimes really slow without any apparent reason...but the staff is also generally friendly.  Even with the mixed service, Gallo Blanco is one of my every day standbys...I eat here regularly and never get tired of the food!
I've been meaning to check out Gallo Blanco for a long time now, I'm sad it took me so long to finally do it. The atmosphere is relaxed and inviting with an artsy and youthful vibe. The staff were all courteous and friendly. My friend and I ordered the guacamole to start, there was plenty to share and was it very tasty. I had the carne asada burrito, which was quite large and very good. Everything tasted fresh and it wasn't very "heavy" for a carne asada burrito. My friend had the breakfast burrito and he loved it. I think he summed it up best saying, "Seriously, if you want to come back tomorrow morning for breakfast, call me.". . We'll both be back, definitely!
Gallo Blanco is inside the Claredon Hotel...  Loved the feel to the place.  We had a party of 15, so they arranged an area in the bar/lounge area.  It was nice since we had some kids with us.  . . I ordered the 1/2 Pollo Asado (Citrus marinated grilled local. chicken w/ Aji Aioli and tortillas) and WOW!  It was SO good.  The server told me to ask for more tortillas if I needed them.  And yes, I took her up on her offer.  The chicken was cooked just perfect (juicy and no red).  The tortillas were warm and just plain good.  . . The service was great for a table of 15!  Everyone was happy and in a food coma!  =)
The food's good, but you know that. The atmosphere's notable too. . . Part of it is the young, hip servers who are usually efficient and always friendly and fun to look at. . . Part of it is the location, offset a few blocks from Central. You can enjoy the big buildings, but you're not quite in the middle of it, logistically or spiritually.  This feels like an out of the way throwback for a tryst or a rendevous.  . . . Part of it is the property itself and retro design. The narrow front desk and  foyer opening up into the bar and colorful restaurant to the right, and a snug courtyard pool towards the back. It feels like a pocket Vegas lodge from the fifties before everything there went on steroids. . . Perhaps the biggest part of the atmosphere, though, is the late Don Bolles. This is where the reporter was murdered, in 1976, and where Phoenix arguably began its evolution from a mob run backwater into a modern major American city. . . Every time I park my Fusion in that little lot, I wonder.  Is this the spot?  It's an important political and historical event in Arizona. We cant be sure who ordered the hit, but it's clear Bolles was a victim of domestic terrorism.  When you enter the hotel, there's a bust of the intrepid reporter on your left.  Enjoy your meal. . . *****. . Food: 5 stars. Dessert, Drinks: 3.5. Service: 3.5. Atmosphere: 5
I ate here two nights in a row while staying at the Clarendon Hotel.  The first night I enjoyed the sea bass tacos, which were filled with fresh fish, avocado and lime.  Simple and delicious.  The service at the bar was a little underwhelming - nice, but slow, however I think they were slammed unexpectedly on a Tuesday night. . . The next night service was much more on track, with a very helpful waitress.   I tried their other tacos: Cohinita (pork), carne asada beef, and shrimp.  Of the three, the shrimp might have been my favorite, but I'm a sucker for marinated and grilled shrimp.  The Cochinita was tasty but not the most tender.  The beef was better than the pork, with plenty of tender shredded beef.  . . A house margarita made with fresh lime juice was the perfect accompaniment to them, and the tres leche cake was the perfect ending.
Orange cake, carne asada, pork, Ahi tacos, fresh fruit, margaritas!! Need I say more. All fantastic. I loved the ahi tacos, followed bu the carne asada. A lot of flavor and perfect sized. I enjoyed ordering just one of each. The margaritas weren't that fantastic. The orange cake reminded me of a carrot cake but more refreshing :) the hotel is very cute as well. I loved the outside water feature. Unfortunately parking isn't the best but the food is worth the price.
This restaurant is situated in an awesome venue. The Clarendon Hotel is the obvious place to be when you are in Midtown PHX. Gallo Blanco's menu features some of the best-tasting food I have ever eaten! I recently went there on Valentine's Day. I was expecting to choose items from their regular menu, however they had a wonderful Valentine's Day menu to choose from. The meal was great and the drinks were awesome! I can't This restaurant is a "must try" no matter what! The only concern that I had was that the wait staff was a little on the dry side, but they did provide good service.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):. 8 Food. 9 Service. 8 Atmosphere. 8 Value. . This is a 4 on the verge of a 5.  Gallo Blanco is delicious, especially their breakfast/brunch food.  But then, I love breakfast/brunch food, so that in no way means that their other food isn't stellar as well :). . Their drinks are awesome, their service is crisp, their decor is funky fun, and their food is great.  I just wish it was in a more convenient location (it's 1/2 mile from light rail, which would be tolerable if there was anything urban about the walk there), but it's good enough that i'll make the effort every now and then for some amazing Huevos Rancheros or an Egg Torta w/ spicy chorizo!
Love this place! The decor is very modern and ambiance is cool and intimate. Good place for a first date! We sat at the bar while waiting for a table. They have a rototating selection of beer on tap. I tried a local seasonal brew from Sedona, AZ. I liked that they offered me a small sample to try out. My gf got a fruity cocktail that she enjoyed. We could see the bartender chop up the fresh fruit to make the juice. Prices for drinks were a little high. I'd come back for happy hour if I was in the area!. . For dinner, we tried the chips and guacamole! The chips were awesome! Tasted homemade! The guacamole was the best I've ever had! It had chunks of orange and jalepenos. For entree, my gf ordered the fish and pork tacos. She got the ahi tuna and sea bass. I had the grande carne asada burrito. It was the best burrito I'd ever had, I could barely finish half. It was stuffed with tasty carne asada, avocados, pinto beans and salsa and grilled to perfection! . . I always want to come back when I'm in the area!
Came here recently with some friends who had just moved into the area. We went on a Saturday night around 7 and it took about 45 minutes to get seated, but we enjoyed sitting at the bar for a few drinks. My friend got a spiked honeydew aqua fresca - it was pretty good and potent! When we finally got seated, we decided to all order something different and share. Our choices were the chillaquielles (out of this world delicious), carne asada burrito (good and filling), and several tacos (which were all also delicious). This place would get 5 stars if it weren't for the service. . We had to wait an extremely long time for our server to acknowledge us, and when we ordered chips and salsa we were brought out half a bowl of chips and no salsa. When the server finally came back around she appologized and brought out fresh chips and DELICIOUS salsa. So, this place has amazing 5 star food, but pretty dismal service. Definitely will go back, because the food was just that good!
I have eaten here 5 times now plus attended a political party once. The Carne Asada Torta and Guac make me dream of Mexico. The food is great here but the restaurant itself not so much. The patio has a nicer feel.  Enjoy!
Great food overall. Service was a bit slow & awkward. This place is also next to the Clarendon Hotel that's a bit dumpy. Funny thing is that this place felt sorta "Austin weird" to me.
Lets start with the good aspects.  The food is phenomenal!  There was 4 of us and we all shared our orders so I got to try a bunch of different dishes and I was surprised and delighted by almost everything we ordered.  That is right, i said surprised by what we order.  Most of the dishes had some unexpected element that worked in an interesting way.  The Guacamole had orange in it, the vegetarian tacos had a wonderful sauce and a bunch of different veggies,  and we had a giant cheese cone thing which was basically a dunce cap of cheese cooked to a cracker consistency.  All the food was superb.. . Now for the not as good aspects.  First and foremost, the service was not on par with the price of the restaurant.  I was constantly out of water and we had to ask for coffee 3 times.  Additionally, the server had a bit of a ripe smell.  I know I have an overly sensitive nose, but still, waiters should not have a funk about them.  Also while the place is beautiful, its a bit more "hip" then what I usually go for and the music was too loud and terrible.  However, the food is so good that these complaints will not keep me from returning to Gallo Blanco whenever I am back in Phoenix.
Two dollar tacos?  Yes, please!  Two dollar tacos with great flavor and ingredients.  I'm all in!  I've only been here for lunch, since it's not too far of a skip from downtown.  Service hasn't been an issue for me, but I know it has for others.  I found parking to be a pain, try to find street parking if you can, but good luck.. . The tacos are small, so you'll need around three.  Order a side of beans and rice and you have an awesome meal.  I love the carne asada and pork tacos.  . . I say stick with two dollar tacos during lunch and you'll leave happy!
Gallo Blanco is a hip restaurant with contemporary decor.  It is located inside the Clarendon Hotel.   The service was fantastic and the food was delicious. This a great place to bring visitors truly sample great Southwest style cuisine.
Service was slow...we waited about 10 minutes before a busser came over and got us our beverages. Considering the service, we weren't sure what to expect, but the food was fabulous!. We had tortas: one halibut, one with the grilled ribeye & two eggs...both were bursting with flavor! Lime tart and tres leches cake for dessert,. again...fabulous.. They use local vendors and serve breakfast all day. We will go back...the staff could use a little tweaking.
I loved Gallo Blanco, I ate there 4 times while staying at the Clarendon.. . Lunch: We tried various tacos and each one was delicious.  The pork quesadillas are outstanding.  The pork is so incredibly tender and flavorful.  The guacamole is none like I've had.  It includes oranges and it was divine.. . Breakfast:  Breakfast is wonderful.  Much of the menu is Mexican inspired, I tasted the choizo & eggs and the breakfast burritto, they were very good.  The flapjacks are amazing, fluffy and tender with a hint of tang from the sour cream and buttermilk, served with warm butter and maple syrup, mmmm so good.  My favorite breakfast was the yogurt, with granola and fruit.  The best I've ever had.  The yogurt is from a local producer and the granola is homemade and included nuts. It was excellent.. . Service.  Was good for the most part, but a couple of mornings when they were busier it lacked a little, but the staff was always friendly.  . . It's amazing that such a great place is located within a hotel.
I cannot put into words how delicious Gallo Blanco's tacos are! Although the service is never the best, the food makes the experience a great one. The ahi tuna tacos are to die for. I bring all of my friends there and they all seem to agree. I have also had their breakfast which is very good. I recommend this place to anyone looking for flavor and atmosphere.
Simply awesome!  Definitely try the fresh made chips and guacamole as well as the tacos.  The Carne Asada Beef taco is amazing.  Margarita's were spot on.  The hotel that it is locate in is a little different, but don't let that scare you away.
I live within walking distance from the Clarendon and can't believe I haven't been here yet. Yesterday, my husband lured me into skipping yoga to go get some Mexican food here. We took the family here for Taco Tuesday and during happy hour. We ordered the $5 Chirraron de Queso (cheese cooked into a hard shell)(decent), $5 guacamole (holy hell this was good), $5 white sangria (decent), chips and salsa ($3.5), a kids bean and cheese burrito ($4) that was the side of my 3 year old's head, and 8 mix-n-match tacos (pork, carne asada, shrimp, fish, veggie). For taco Tuesday, they are buy 2 get 1 free, which is the deal we were given, but we would have saved more with the $1 off per taco during HH. . . I ordered a shrimp taco and pork taco. Both were delicious but the pork taco really tickled my fancy. The pork had that crispy bark on the outside which is my absolute favorite. Call it the Puerto-Rican in me but that is the best. I really enjoyed my meal and the server was great. I know I loved this place when I am trying to talk my husband into going back in a couple of days....
Well having tried breakfast, dinner and spending large amounts of time sat at the bar it is starting to feel like a second home. Food is excellent and the people are great. It has a friendly and yet lively atmosphere
Gallo Blanco is a terrific "fresh, local, organic" Mexican food option in downtown Phoenix.  You will not find melted-cheese-laden food here, which is a good thing!  I love the house salad and roasted corn.  In fact, I love it so much that I rarely get anything else.  The guacamole and chips are also very tasty.  My husband is usually the adventurous one, and he has loved everything he's ever eaten here--tacos and sandwiches, usually.  The reason I didn't give it five stars is that there are always flies bouncing off the windows inside the dining room when I've been there, which is a bit of an ick factor.  I know that flies are likely to head inside when you have patio dining too, but I hate to see them buzzing around while I'm eating.
***From the pancakes to the breakfast burrito and the chilaquiles, Gallo Blanco serves a good and very reasonably priced breakfast in a warm, casual and friendly atmosphere***. . Gallo Blanco Cafe & Bar is located in a hotel (Clarendon Hotel).  Hotel restaurants worry me a little.  But once you enter Gallo Blanco, you realize that Gallo Blanco is not your typical hotel restaurant and Clarendon Hotel is definitely not your typical hotel.. . The Clarendon Hotel seemed to have a funky boutique vibe to it.  The front desk seemed very casual and the little bit we saw of the hotel was fresh, casual and youthful.  There was a lot of interesting looking local art in the hallway and the men's restrooms were outfitted with urinals that were designed to look like open mouths (a Yelper posted a photo of it on Gallo Blanco's page).. . The Gallo Blanco has a very youthful coffee shop feel to it.  The restaurant is open and bright (big floor-to-ceiling windows).  The restaurant is very straightforward.  Square room.  Not much in terms of decoration (some art here and there).  Bright but not overly strong colors that give it a casual and hip atmosphere.  The seating is very functional too (no frills).  There is also an outdoor patio.. . We went for breakfast and it was reasonably priced.  Most of their breakfast items were $7 to $10 and the portion sizes were just right (generous enough but not over-the-top-big).. . We shared the breakfastburrito, which actually was pretty big.  The burrito was a flour tortilla stuffed with chorizo, potatoes, eggs, refried beans, cheddar cheese, and fire roasted salsa.  The burrito was flavorful and had a little bit of spice and kick to it (additional salsa was available on the side).  Everything tasted good and all the ingredients were nicely melted together.  . . The Chilaquiles Verdes were even better.  The tostadas were light and crispy; they were also flavored quite well with the green chile sauce.  We added some shredded chicken and it was good and tender (and not too dry).  The chilaquiles verdes were topped with some good sunny side up eggs.. . For something a little sweet, we went with their buttermilk pancakes and they were very good.  The pancakes were light and fluffy.  They also had a great brown color to them.  You get that fresh off the griddle flavor here that you don't get at a lot of pancake places.  The maple syrup was warm, sweet and good.. . I also had the fresh squeezed orange juice and it was pulpy and tasty.. . Service started off a little slow, but once we got our order in, the food came out very quickly and the staff was attentive.  The whole staff (from the owner to the hostess to the waitresses) were very friendly and personable, which added to the warm and casual atmosphere.. . Gallo Blanco Cafe & Bar serves a good Mexican breakfast.  All three of our dishes were good, which makes me curious about their other options.  I do not know when I will be in Phoenix next, but my breakfast was good enough here that I would consider making a return visit (even if I was only in Phoenix for a day or two).. . Parking is available on the street (free; no meters).
Thanks to all the Cats that reviewed this spot... Yeah it rocks. As the food hits your lips & the flavors saturate your mouth you'll realize that this place is a hidden gem. I live just a few blocks away and had no clue to what I was missing. Thanks Yelp & thanks to my Bartender Genessa, she did a great job.
I had doubts... I mean c'mon, how good can it be? After a brunch with friends on a Sunday, I am a fan. . . We started with the chips and Guac. Pretty good! I could not decide on what to have - I saw the Chilaquiles Verdes go by on a plate and def had to have it. I also ordered the Steak and Eggs. When I finished ordering, the server looked at me and warned me that I had ordered alot of food... I smiled and said I was not scared.. . Drinks - had a mediocre mimosa, but a great cup of coffee! . . The Chilaquiles Verdes (Chicken) was this 2 layers of crispy corn tortilla, the bottom with chicken, A rich green chili sauce an queso. The next layer with more queso and chili and an over easy egg! Delicious! . . The Steak and eggs were good too with the eggs over easy and a 5 oz sirloin steak cooked to order. Pretty plain if it did not have the Beens and Tortilas made fresh sop up the sweet green ranchero suace and cheese. It comes with beans, but I only eat gmas. . . I will order The Chilaquiles Verdes again for sure. But maybe get one of their taco or grilled items. . . Service - our server was OK, she got the food out but had to ask her a few times for water and refills. . . Atmosphere was pretty good. Good people watching... They had the patio doors open so the flies were a pain, but once someone near had food, they moved to them. . . Yes I will be back!
I read several reviews about this place before going and was a bit hesitant with all the poor comments regarding service. My sisters and i stopped by for a late dinner and had a very pleasant experience!! The waitress was super friendly and attentive. The atmosphere was great and the decor is very chic! . The shrimp tacos were delicious however, they are served w/ 1 big piece of shrimp per taco which was odd. So i just cut the shrimp in pieces and "re-made" the taco! My sisters had tortas and those were very good! The sangria was so-so...
Ok... 4 stars, but really 4.5 stars. I went here for lunch today with my Dad and it was pretty fabulous. I have been wanting to try this place for awhile as it gets favorable yelp reviews, and after my Dad and I went through every type of food out there (want sandwiches? no. Thai? no. Chinese? no. and on and on) I suggested this place. I'm glad I did. So we got there around 1 pm and we had to wait about 10 minutes to get a table. Once we were seated, it took quite awhile for anyone to come help us. So that's kind of where the points were taken off. That and there were no chips to go with their fabulous salsa unless you get guac (which we ended up getting). So initially we ordered the elote (corn on the cob coveredin cheese and paprika.....much better than I though it would be.... although I have no reason to think it wouldn't be good.... hmmm), two pork tacos, and a carne asada torta. The tacos were good, but I hate to say, if I wanted to get a taco just like that I may go to America's Tacos, just for convenience because they are priced similarly and sized similarly. The torta, however, was very delicious. The meat was tasty, the roasted tomato tasted very nice, and if you put the tomatillo salsa on it.... wow it's delicious. Plus the bread was nice and soft, but not soggy. So we also ended up getting guac (just a side dish of it, so 3$ instead of 7$) at the extreme recommendation of our server, and it was good, but not the best guac I've ever had. I wish it were spicy... that would improve it a great deal. Overall, the food was excellent and well priced. For everything, we payed 22$. Not bad.
I loved what they have done with the interior since opening gallo. I finally had a chance to check it out this week and there was some hits and misses. The tacos were very tasty and reasonable but on the smaller side..but tasted fresh for the small bite. For some reason we then ordered the cheese plate and I was shocked with what came out! Big ugly blocks of  cheddar cheese with corn nuts! There were nicely cut strawberries but then backed by blue cheese as the second cheese selection, ugh. I want my money back after spending almost $70 on drinks to be confronted with corn nuts. On a positive note -Flamingo on Wed nights, fantastic!!!
Last night's Flamenco Night was a gas. Great crowd, Prickly Pear Margaritas, Four Peaks Hop Knot on tap, and a wonderful patio for enjoying the night breeze. Guacamole and chips sounds like entry level fare but Gallo Blanco's is on its own level. I'd probably wear the guacaomle as war paint it's so fresh and flavorful. I can also speak for the carne asada tacos, which are pretty good for Gringo Mexican. Next time I will try the burger and maybe a white sangria, which looks amazing with its chunks of fruit floating at the top.
I went to Gallo Blanco Cafe for lunch and the food was amazing! They have five kinds of tacos and I tried all of them.  They were all healthy and delicious!  My favorite one was shrimp.  The shrimp tasted really fresh and it was grilled just right.  I also tried their freshly squeezed lemonade. It was pretty tart and I liked it a lot.  The pricing was reasonable as well. . . I would definitely go back again!
Gallo Blanco is a cool, hip little place. . . It has a very simple design. Very fresh ingredient menu. . It offers the kind of mexican food I enjoy. Its fresh, healthy and high qualilty. . . I started with chips and guacamoli. By far the best guacamoli I have ever had. I believe they put oranges in it. . Then I had the fish tacos. Also very good. I ordered 2. My server suggested I get three because they are kinda small. . . I am extremely impressed by their drink menu. I am not a huge drinker. Probably because most places use bad ingredients that contain high fructose corn syrup,  MSG, or tons of added simple syrup (sugar).. Their drinks were all high quality, natural, fresh ingredients. . . They by far, have the Best Bloody Mary I have ever had in Phoenix. . There was fresh dill in the homemade mix. Unbelievable!
The pica rico burger here is absolutely delicious! The avocado is a nice touch to the burger. I was thoroughly impressed! Trendy, yet relaxed setting makes this place a pretty cool restaurant to dine in. I would definitely come back when I can.
I don't believe in God, I believe in breakfast, and any place within biking distance of home and work that serves breakfast ALL DAY is the winner, all day every day. I've only had three meals there but all were great---chorizo torta, chilequiles, and pancakes. And let's not forget my favorite, most needed breakfast accompaniment--a delicious, spicy bloody mary. Drooling....
Gallo Blanco has made so many best-of lists we weren't sure it could live up to the hype. But the food did.. . We came on a Thursday night around 7pm and waited in the bar for a table. Get the Paloma--it's like a marg but with grapefruit juice. Not too tart, it was perfectly mixed.. . We had a couple of tortas--they were amazing. If you're super hungry, get a couple of sides, too. The chorizo had a nice bite (as did the salsas they brought). My pork was tender and flavorful, though I think we all wished we had gotten the open-face Naco (I think) torta. Hubby got the burrito and said it was ok. We finished with tres leches which was just ok; I wouldn't get it again.. . The service was hipster-laid back (so don't expect it to be attentive, ok?).. . Our only other comment, and the reason this gets 4 stars instead of 5, was the damn noise level. Seriously, it's loud in there. . . But yah, we'd definitely go back. The food was really yummy and reasonably priced!
Wow!  What a great experience.  We had this adorable english waitress named Jane (pronounced like Forrest Gump saying Jenny) which only added to the delight of a most enjoyable Saturday evening.  She recommended the chochinita tacos (10x more delicious sounding when spoken by a Brit) which were AMAZING!  This place obviously cares about using the freshest ingredients, producing savory salsas and the best Guacamole I have ever had. With  its eclectic environment, remarkable food and a charming staff like Jane this is a must visit in Phoenix.
We shared a taco "sampler" of one of each of their tacos. The halibut taco was the standout fave for me, though they were all good. My prickly pear margarita was fruity and not made from a sickly sweet mix, as far as I could tell. The elote was addictive. We had attentive, effective service. Pricing was such as I'd expect for a resto. in a boutique hotel. Really no complaints at all. . . I just had to laugh when I read Yelp reviews that gave me the impression this place might be a little too cool for the likes me. I thought it was kinda more a post-modern upscale junkstore aesthetic. I LOVED it. It was very casual and not stuffy at all! The hand dryers in the bathroom are worth a trip to the potty, too.
The restaurant is in the clarendon hotel - where we stayed for 2 nights.  I'm thrilled that such a great restaurant was in our hotel.  It had a cool vibe and atmosphere yet it was very casual.  the service was good - nothing to complain about. the food was delicious! the first day my husband and I shared the ceviche with tortilla chips and a house salad with citrus dressing.  both were so fresh and yummy.  the tortilla chips were the best I ever had.  I ordered halibut tacos and my hubby got the pork and carne asada tacos. both were yummy as well.  they all had pico de gallo and their homemade citrus guac.  we cooled off from the AZ heat w/ classic margaritas - they were a little sweet and would have been better with a splash of GM but overall were okay.. . the next morning we had breakfast there and discovered the 2nd best pancakes!  (the best pancakes are at mama's on washington in san francisco). they were made with sour cream so it made them super fluffy on the inside and crispy on the edges. I could eat these all day.
The food is awesome.  Ask anyone here or just look at the reviews below.  And honestly, despite my own criticisms I never miss a chance to eat here.  In addition to the excellent food, the atmosphere is fun and high energy.   It's unique to Phoenix.. . Now for the few complaints: . . 1. It's loud.  Especially at dinner.  There is nothing to absorb any of the surrounding conversations or any of the music playing.  Expect to lean in to hear everyone in your party.  . . 2. Cocktails are pricey.  If you have more than one, it will cost more than your food.  As of this weekend they were between $8 and $10. Fortunately, the food is inexpensive even with the slight price hikes in the last year.  . . 3. You're never going to get great service.   The wait staff will make you feel a little rushed or abandoned.  Luckily, none of them are offensive so this is easy to ignore.  . . All and all, I've never had a bad time in the dozen or so times I've been here.  The guacamole, white sangria, and chilaquiles are excellent.  You should order them.  For dinner.  Tonight.
After hearing about Gallo Blanco for a while from foodie and chef friends, as well as Yelpers, we decided to give it a go last night as we were picking our son up at the airport later in the evening. We walked in and immediately liked the vibe and diversity in ages and types of people in the room. It immediately gave you a "you are welcome to come in and hang out" feel. We were greeted quickly by our server, Mary. Her slightly edgy look fits the urban scene but is quickly belied by her sweet nature. She was very knowledgeable about the menu and made some great suggestions. We started with Micheadas (BM style) and they were just right. The spice, the flavor of the fresh lime and the bloody mary with the beer was delish and many diners were ordering them. We had a mix of the street tacos- halibut, shrimp, carne asada and pork. Loved the carne asada. My hubby loved the shrimp but just wished there was more than one in it! The corn on the cob with cojita chesse and paprika, JUST STOP IT! It was so good and hubby doesn't normally eat corn but he loved it too. THE BEST! We will definitely be coming back! It was fun, the food was excellent and the service was personal and FUN!
Gallo Blanco is one of my favorite spots in Phoenix.  Where to begin.  The guacamole is to die for.  It has little chunks of citrus in it, and while I initially thought, "that doesn't sound very good," Gallo Blanco's version is on my top five list of favorite guacamole recipes.  It is delicious!  . . I have been for lunch and dinner, trying the yummy tacos and the huge bowl of posole, which is amazing.  But, my favorite time to visit Gallo was for breakfast.  The chicken chilaquilles are fantastic, and the steak and eggs are amazing.  The food is extremely consistent, and if you love sangria, you definitely need to give it a try.  . . The only reason that I did not give this five stars is because the service (for me) has been hit or miss.  Most of the time, it is amazing, but there have been times where I have walked out somewhat disappointed with the service (and I am not a high maintenance, demanding customer, so it takes a lot to bother me).  But, it never prevented me from going back again and again and again....
Another great spot in central Phoenix. I've only been once - on a Wednesday evening to check out my friend's flamenco performance.  The food is AMAZING and they have a great wine list as well.  . . If you do go on a Wednesday to check out the show, be sure to arrive early to get a seat.  It fills up quickly! Also, the music is very loud, so I would not recommend Wed night if you want to have a conversation with your company.
The pancakes would be a 5, but the breakfast burrio would be a 3 and the breakfast torta a 4 so I averaged it out to a 4 star.  A very cute little place and you have to try the pancakes for breakfast.  You can order just 1 if you want, perfect for those of you with something else in mind but still have to try the 5 star highly recommended pancakes!!!!
Ooh my goodness! The food? Delicious. The service? Fantastic. Sangria? Yes please!. . I ate here with the family for my mom's birthday. We all had a bunch of items from the happy hour menu and were stuffed. . . The only thing that could be improved is if they let the sangria soak a bit more. The fruit tasted like it could have used a couple more hours in the mix. . . Other than that, I can't say anything bad about it.
1st time here in a few years. Had a great experience. Our table had tacos, burrito, and a torta w/ fries. The carne asada and fish were great. Friendly staff, good beer selection, and good prices. Excited to come back here on a weeknight for festivities. . PS A lot of tables had a side order of beans, so they must be great!
This is one of two places in town I send out of town guests when they ask for a good, authentic Mexican restaurant.  One friend from Baltimore loved it so much that later in the week when his wife arrived, he took her back instead of trying something new.  I am especially fond of the chilaquiles, which a Mexican friend vouches for as being authentic.. . I do try to avoid flamenco night as it gets rather loud and impossible to have an intimate conversation.  But other than that it's one of my Phoenix favorites.
The food is consistently good. I've been many times and always, always. always love what I order.  Be it the tacos, guac, ceviche, salad or dessert it's all a taste explosion in your pie-hole.. . What isn't consistent is the service.  It goes from being exceptional to unfriendly and cold.  There are a couple of really great servers there that actually engage with you and smile, then there are the others who are either grumpy or just playing it really cool.  Ugh.. . It's a minor annoyance out weighed by the deliciousness.  I heart GB.
The food is 5 star ... and a good 5 star!!!. . The service is really 2 star. I've been a bunch of times and had one great server and the others have been very, very average. Never rude but really underwhelming. . . I'll still come back for those addictive tacos but come on guys, you can do so much better on the service.
Southwestern theme cafe in a small hotel! Known for it's yummy tacos but other dishes are great like their grilled salmon with a soy glaze!
You know, I normally love this place if I get the right food. I am picky, though. It is very hit or miss.. . The corn is my favorite thing - I passionately love roasted corn. The queso chicharronthing sucks. Most of the tacos are tasty, but I have had better fish tacos... . . Their halibut taco sauce tastes like Miracle Whip - I hate miracle whip. The fish was bland.. . The ceviche and all salsas I highly recommend.The house salad is definitely a new favorite!!! The torta and half chicken asado is wonderful, and they have tasty, strong margaritas. Try them all!
So I've just moved to the area from Seattle and my quest for Mexican/Southwest cuisine has begun. My dh and I popped over for a late lunch on a Saturday based on Yelp reviews. I wasn't sure if I wanted bfast or lunch so this place fit the bill for choices. Waited a bit for a table even though it wasn't very busy. The room is very loud even after a couple of acoustic panels look to have been installed. I can't imagine what it would be like on a crowded day or nightso if you're looking for a small quiet place, this might not be it. We were lucky to have a great waitress who answered all our questions, made good suggestions and was sure to check in often. I had the torta with steak and fried egg. It was good, egg cooked very well, meat a bit overdone but tasty. Hubby had a pork carnita torta which was just okay. Also had the guac - yum-oh! And posole, quite good, too. Parking was easy, the hotel is a bit kooky if not interesting. I'll definitely be heading back soon.
The joint is jumpin' and the food is yummy.
This place has an amazing happy hour and delicious food! The tacos are my favorite. The funky atmosphere of the Clarendon Hotel also makes for a cool adventure.
Yummy yummy!. . I met a friend here for my birthday dinner the other night. How have I never been here before I said to myself. So cute!The Clarendon Hotel is awesome looking too. . . We were seated a little tardy however, but I will over look that. Everything the hit the table was awesome! From my wine, to the tacos to the grilled corn on the cob my friend got. . . We started with the chips and guacamole, they also brought over two kinda of salsa. Both were great, one a bit spicier than the other one that was a green salsa. After a few bites we picked out our entrees. I got a pork quesadilla, halibut mini taco and she got some rice and bean and the grilled corn on the cob. My absolute fave has to be the corn. It is grilled on the cob then slathered in butter, Parmesan cheese and some spices. To Die for! I want to go get some right now. . . A mist try if you are in the area!
This is not your typical Mom and Pop Mexican joint, it's not Arriba's or Macayo's either. This is local fresh Mexican and is one of the best places you can hit in Phoenix. Start at the bar with a beer or a tasty margarita.. One you get a table, you can't go wrong starting out with chips and guacamole. But for a really awesome start, go with the chicharron de queso which is a yummy cheese crisp accompanied with an aioli dipping sauce-it really is out of this world. Ideally come with a group so you can justify ordering that AND the chips and guac.. The tacos are tasty and very reasonably priced-I recommend the carne asada and shrimp tacos. If you order a lot of different tacos it may be hard to keep track of which is which since they are brought to your table on metal racks. I also had a side of pint beans which were great.. The service is friendly and attentive. I planned on drinking a lot on this particular visit and followed through on my plan. Fortunately they kept my water glass full so that could stay hydrated. Thanks to them and five advil, I was80 percent functional by mid-day the following day (I think we were the last ones to leave that night). If you haven't already check this place out. The food and drinks are fantastic and reasonably priced-you really can't go wrong.
Great atmosphere, even better drinks and service.  The staff was courteous and attentive, offered great suggestions for a novice tequila drinker like myself.  Though I didn't order food, my party had nothing but good to say about the food.. . Wouldn't mind staying in hotel afterwards, the pool looks absolutely fab.
Great, casual place, especially 3-6pm Happy Hour when most of the tacos, appetizers are a dollar off.. . The elote (with cheese, butter) is highly rated but I thought it was meh...  At $4 it's a LOT of corn - enough for 2 people to share.  . . We had the cheese fondue - the corn tortillas are fantastic.  The cheese which arrives in a cast iron pan does not stay melted long enough and soon you are stuck with a hunk of congealed cheese. . The tacos are very good and a dollar off about $1.50-$1.75 each.. . The guacamole is good.. . The salad is very good.. . Definitely a star in Phoenix and worth the visit. Plus outdoor seating is great.
Gallo Blanco is housed in a delightfully kitschy old hotel decorated with midcentury modern furniture and goofy art. We waited by the colorful pool and had drinks and very yummy guacamole while we waited for our table. We had chilaquiles and queso fundido and shrimp tacos--awesome!
Yum! While staying at the hotel we had dessert which was super yummy lemon tart and brownie and lemon tart! The next morning we went and had breakfast the people were very friendly! My husband got the breakfast burrito and I go the eggs and toast w/ refried beans. They make there our salas which is ver flavorful for sure!!
Host was nice and the tacos were good
Well I've only been here once, but that's only because I live in Tucson. I still think about their chilaquiles a month after having had them for the first time. Must be love!. . All you have to know. 1) Chilaquiles: the most basic of Mexican breakfast food. The presentation at Gallo Blanco sexes up the dish by a whole lot.  Whole tortillas used instead of the usual strips/bits. Alternating layers of tortilla, salsa, veggies, and egg. A minor work of art. . . 2) Chilaquiles at Gallo Blanco are not only good looking but delicious as well. I ate EVERYTHING on my plate.. . 3) Hipsters like chilaquiles. They were EVERYWHERE. . . In summary:. Basic. Sexy.  Delicious. Hipsters. Got it?
Killer food and the best red beer ever! I am new to the Phoenix area and ran across this place for happy hour. Three dollar beer and $1.50 tacos. It was a fun happy place I could go to frequently.
I really do like this place for brunch/lunch.  I went there with my sister, her bff and my bf and we all had a good experience.  The good is great and really flavorful.  The only problem that I have is sometimes the service is hit or miss.  It took a while for us to get served at the beginning but the food made up for it.  . . I will return to try other items on the menu and to give the service a 2nd try!
I love the feel of this cute restaurant! It was a beautiful day and we decided to sit outside. Their service was very fast and the staff was very attentive. It was lunch time so I expected them to be kind of slow but it was the total opposite. We had the ceviche for an appetizer and it was quite tasty. Also the chips and salsas are so good! I love how spicy their red salsa was! I had the chilaquiles with over medium eggs. Apparently it had pieces of shredded chicken and cheese. It wasnt your traditional chilaquiles but their own spin on the dish witch totally worked! My friend got the narco torta and he said that the egg was too over powering so he just simply took it off his next half lol Overall, I had a good experience and will definitely come again.
Had dinner here recently and already can't wait to go back. We had the guacamole and queso with chorizo and both were good. I usually love the guacamole but tonight  (it was last Thursday) it was a little too chunky. It was also missing the usual tang from the fruit. It was still great, but I've had better (yes, that's what she said). . . We then ordered an assortment of tacos which were all delicious. My favorite was the pork and I am literally salivating at the thought of them. The were perfect with just a hint of sweet. Pure heaven! Plus the margaritas were spot on and the service was friendly.
Gallo is one of those trendy places to take your date to on a friday night; although I personally was here for luch. We stuck to the tacos, since thats really what I hear all the good things about from them and they did not dissapoint. A bit on the pricey side $3 for a 2 - 3 bite sized taco, if you come on tuesdays I hear they have an all day happy hour. . . The food was great so I didn't feel too bad spending $25+ on 5 tacos, chips n salsa, and a couple of soft drinks for 2 people. The service was neither amazing nor terrible. I will probably end up here from time to time on tuesdays to get the most ! for my $.
It's just another lazy Saturday, my friend and I bumming around downtown, popping into little boutiques and then we get hungry. My friend mentions tacos and I remembered seeing this place on Check Please Arizona (yes, I love this nerdy show). We head over to the Clarendon and in an instant I'm transported from Phoenix to some other city...it felt like San Diego or something. People were wandering around in bathing suits. The atmosphere was super chill. There were hipsters in colored jeans, old ladies in polyester, and families with little kids. I loved it already. . . The service was good - not crazy speedy or anything but that seemed to go with the laid back vibe. I ordered the cheese quesedilla and 2 tacos - carne asada and pork. Everything was good - the pork was a little fatty so I'd probably skip that next time. My friend had the halibut and pork tacos as well as the corn which she said was awesome. She felt the same as I did about the pork taco. . . The check was only $20 - not bad. I will definitely be back for happy hour!
Fun little place in the classic Clarendon Hotel. Fresh local ingredients, good food, and some nice cocktails. The guacamole is some of the best I have ever had. The added orange wedges bring some nice citrus to the heavy avocado, and the fresh made chips pair quite well with it. The Naco Torta should be an automatic. Smokey grilled ribeye with a slightly spicy salsa and two over easy eggs on a delicious griddled telera roll.. . The breakfast items are deliciously fresh. The ingredients are local and well put together to create a wonderful blend of traditional Mexican items.. . The hidden surprise here though are the desserts. Especially the postre de chocolate, but I am a sucker for s'mores.. . Just a great little gem off the beaten path a little that offers great food.
So, the first time I hit this place up I wasn't knocked off my feet, but decided to give them a second chance (and third and fourth).  I think they have kicked it up a notch food and beverage-wise, because everything has become more delicious.  I especially love their happy hour prices!  Veggie tacos for $1.25 each!  House cocktails for five bucks and on Saturday and Sunday, mimosas and bloodies are $5 until 6pm.  Their Bloody Mary was really good, freshly made with tons of fresh dill! Yumski!  We order the chips and guac every time (the guac has chunks of orange in it, which makes for an unexpected burst of citrusy goodness).  Like I said, the veggie tacos are cheap and they are packed with flavor.  I love chilling outside on their patio when the weather is nice.  They use some local purveyors, which really turns my wheels:). . Muy delicioso!
Gallo Blanco is absolutely delicious!  This charming little cafe and bar, located on the ground floor of the Clarendon Hotel, is a great destination for scrumptious Mexican style food.  The ingredients are very, very fresh, and the flavor they cram into every last morsel is spectacular.  They make great salsa and great guacamole, and apparently the guacamole is made fresh to order.  They could stand to put their rather chunky green verde salsa in a squeezable container, though.  It was impossible to get out of the glass bottle in which it was placed.. . If you want an especially good deal, hit them up for happy hour!  They have street vendor style tacos for an average of around two bucks a pop, filled generously with beef, pork, fish, etc.  You can't go wrong!  Four of us ate three tacos each, split chips and salsa with guacamole, two of us had drinks, and one person had soup, and the whole thing came to fifty bucks.  It's a fair price for such high quality food.  If you are downtown, this is worth a try.
I went for the first time tonight, honestly the absolute best thing about the place was the Art.  The work by a Donna Bonavito and Jessie Butterfield was impressive and amazing.  I went for happy hour and really enjoyed the Veggie taco, it was very heaping with flavor and ingredients.  The chips and salsa were very good.  It is a popular spot with a good vibe.
I used to go here all the time for the absolutely, hands-down best ahi tacos in the universe.  But, alas, they have dropped out of sight...are ahi disappearing myseriously?!?!  I'm not sure why they don't have it anymore but I'm really disappointed.  I will be back though for the awesome guac.  And the carne asada tacos are good too.  Oh, and they have Negra Modelo on tap.  Now that's really why I'm really coming back.  ;). . Please save the ahi so Gallo Blanco can put it back on the menu.
great happy hour prices. lots of photo ops inside and a great rooftop area for parties.
I woke up with an incredible craving for street tacos and somehow Gallo Blanco Cafe answered my call with its chocinita (slow roasted pork) tacos, carne asada tacos, shrimp tacos, and halibut tacos. Don't worry...I wasn't a complete oink. I shared these 5 tacos with my hubby, who also had the pork posole stew. All were equally delicious!. . As an avid guacamole fan, I enjoyed that their fresh guac had cojita cheese sprinkled on top and mandarin oranges that were mixed in for a citrus "kick." Nice touch! I don't always look for citrus in my guac, but it definitely seemed to work.. . Since today was Mother's Day, we expected the place to be packed, but we only waited about 20 minutes. This 20 minutes was not spent in vain. It was Sunday happy hour, so we got 2 bloody marys for $10. These bloody marys were spicy and had a pickled green bean, jicama, and celery in addition to the 2 olives on the salted rim. The spiciness was absolute perfection. It wasn't so hot that you couldn't enjoy it, but it's what you look for when drinking bloody marys. . . While waiting for our table, my hubby described the lobby of The Claredon Hotel as kitch. There were alot of old furniture mixed with modern touches. The art of Ian Christiansen was all over the walls as well. His artwork featured "Book of Dork: The Art of Gospel." In most cases, people might find some of his work offensive since one of the art pieces featured ET shedding light upon the manger where Jesus was born. He combines his love of the 80s with classic Bible figures. It was interesting and creative and crazy all at the same time! I don't know if it's always there, but it's unlike artwork I've ever seen. . . Service? Well, it's good thing I loved my company because we were probably only checked on twice the entire time we were there by our waiter. The other staff saved the experience by constantly keeping our waters full, but we didn't really have a chance to order more drinks since our actual waiter didn't ask us. . . At the end of the meal, we were given a pool pass to hang out at the unique pool at the center of this rennovated mod hotel. We will definitely eat there again next time and probably hang out at the pool afterwards. I mean, why not? It's summer!
What can I say that hasn't been said already.  This place is great!  Great decor, great food, great service!  Living in Gilbert, we don't get over this way all that often, but I'd definitely like to go back!
I used to go here a couple of years ago in the summer for happy hour. I went out with a few of the ladies last night. Drinks are great and most are 5 bucks during happy hour. . I had Mimosas, 2  carne asada tacos (mini) with chips, dip and guacamole. . Excellent food. . . The also have free access to pool, even if you are not a guest.
So, since moving to Bend OR, I've become even more of an insufferable food snob than before. Coming back to Phoenix for a couple of weeks did not exactly excite my palate, except to see Silvana and get my fix of the world's most amazing churros. But, alas, I digress.... . My memories, over a year old now, of Gallo Blanco are fond. On a lark, we decided to head there for dinner last Thursday and as we got closer, my mouth started watering just thinking about the luscious, fruity sangria. To start, we had the chorizo/queso fundito and the guacamole. The guac was AMAZING - so amazing, I swear they get their avocados from Mexico: the flavor was deep, full bodied and sensuous. For my entree I got three tacos: veggie, halibut and shrimp. The veggie & shrimp were excellent, but the halibut was not: a bit strong smelling with a taste that did not please. Not sure what was up with that, as it was a strong contrast in quality from the other two. My husband loved the chilaquiles and most definitely his margarita: he is usually not pleased with the first margarita that he orders anywhere except Zydeco (in Bend), but GB came through. My stepdaughter had the carne asada burrito and intended to finish it, except her dad kept making goo goo eyes at it and murmuring something about breakfast..... . I'm going to refrain from commenting on the sangria for now, except to say I had two...We are headed back to GB for dinner tonight, and I'm going to road test the sangria and guac to make sure I'm not just fantasizing about finding amazing, whole food in Phoenix anywhere else but Silvana's kitchen.
Very friendly service and nice atmosphere. They also allowed me to order the kid's bean & cheese burrito, which was only $4 and very large! It was also very good. Hopefully I will be able to return in the future to try more of the menu.
I have always been a fan, and finally decided to give some props! I love the Guac, Carne Asada, and Cheeseburger. Halibut tacos and Shrimp tacos are OK. Pork Carnitas/Adobada are Dynamite! Cocktails are very average..... Figure it out for yourself. Come try the place, its good.
Very kitschy cool. Perhaps too cool for itself at times. But the food was awesome! We went for a late dinner on a recent Friday night. The place was still crowded with a 30-45 minute wait for a table. Not a problem- we got some well mixed cocktails, did some people watching, and checked out the art on the walls. We got all of the tacos on the regular menu, and then two more off the daily specials. The low point was the halibut that just didn't work for me, the high point was the special of the day- an octopus taco that was just fabulous! The waiter was mostly attentive, but he was running ragged- at one point I was pretty sure I saw him plating food in the kitchen. We will definitely be back.
Friends who focus on hip rave about this place and i can see the appeal.  The taco fillings are on point and the fresh tortillas(i suspect stone ground) are exceptional. The service is efficient if a bit breezy, and the price, especially on Tue, was a value given the quality. It's a keeper even if it reminds you more of Marin than Ensenada
The first thing I got excited about when I looked at the menu was the presence of tres leches but I'll come to that later. I went here for Sunday lunch and the atmosphere was nice and friendly. Had the shrimp tacos with a side of beans and it was tasty. My friends also tried tacos, the breakfast burrito and the tamales and they were all happy. And yes, the tres leches....pure contentment.
It's been on my mind to try this place and when a friend invited us to a birthday party at The Clarendon, it seemed like the perfect opportunity.  The restaurant itself was quite cute.  The house margaritas are outstanding and clearly NOT from a big plastic jug labeled "Margarita Mix" (I'm talking to you Canteen Modern Tequila).  The service was a little slow but it was quite crowded and we were not in hurry.  The chips and salsa were delish but as a longtime Phoenix resident, I bristle a bit at having to pay for them.  Based on the experience of previous Yelpers, I stuck to the tacos.  My carne asada taco was delicious.  My ahi taco was awesome but I should note that it seems to be a seasonal item.  Everyone at my table was pleased with their meals.  The drink menu was extensive and this seems like a great happy hour destination.  Ole!
the tres leches cake is amazing. a must try!!
A quaint little New Mexican spot joined to the lobby of the Clarendon hotel - we enjoyed this spot for dinner one night and breakfast the next!  The food is great and I especially enjoy their house-made horchata! Dinner seemed pricey for the small amount you receive, but breakfast was quite generous. I recommend their tacos, horchata and their huevos rancheros for breakfast. The only improvements I'd make were the wait times (I saw waitresses standing around a lot and it often took a while to get refills on drinks and it took forever to get our ticket - I think the waitress we had left and had someone else take over for her - we had to ask for the bill at least twice...) - the wait times seemed unreasonable and unjustified.. The other improvement would for them to make a better attempt to have t-shirts in stock to sell to tourists - the hubs really wanted one and they were all out!  When we are in AZ again, we will most likely visit this spot at least once during our time there!
It was really good. Kinda expensive for lunch cost me $31 for two people including tip and tax.  All we drank was water.  I wish that chips and salsa were free $3.50 kinda disappointing and the sandwiches/tortas don't come with any sides.  Fun hip place I scored brownie points with the wife on this one.
My wife and I have been coming here for a while, this review is long over due.  If you are unfamiliar Gallo Blanco is located in the Clarendon, a nice stay-cation spot here in the Valley. . . Our last visit was during Devour for Waste Not so we could enjoy some Pork Belly Tacos, they did not disappoint.  We started with the Chips and Guacamole, a must have whether it's your first time or not.  We also split many tacos, the Octopus, Ahi, and  Cochinita.  Our least favorite was the Ahi, which was weird because we are huge Ahi fans. . . I would be safe to say that anything you order here should not disappoint.  Thank you Gallo Blanco for being a Gem in the heart of Phoenix.
Ate last week at the Gallo Blanco and everything was great.  Drinks, food, atmosphere y todo.  . . To start we had an order of ceviche and two drinks, prickly pear and sueno mojado margaritas.  The drinks were good and the ceviche was spot on.  For our meal we decided to split the five tacos on the menu, as well as the oaxaca tamale.  The halibut taco was good, carne asada taco was good, shrimp taco was good, cochinita pibil taco was very good and the veggietaco was excellent.  The oaxaca tamale we ordered was was fantastic, the maza was perfect and the filling was amazing.  They make a great tamale, there is no question about it.  I was not expecting to enjoy my meal as much as I did and left quite satisfied.
So, I got together with some friends on Friday for a LONG overdue catchup....there were 3 of us and the joint was jumpin at 6pm.  My buddy Debbie is a huge fan of the french fries and ordered them for starters.  Steve and I shared the fried cheese...this stuff is so good, I am still talking about it!  Later, we had tacos and pollo...I didn't taste their food but both of my tacos were really delicious.  I think shrimp is my favorite and am excited about trying it again.  The evening was enhanced by the addition of a beer/bloody mary combo.  I like this place a lot but would suggest the hostess get some training in working with impatient crowds...they were kind of a bummer, but nothing unforgiveable. (OUR waiter was fabulous!)  Can't wait to sit outside when it's cool enough!
Great service, fun cocktails and delicious food. The tortillas were perfect!
headed to Gallo Blanco today after church for lunch. Horchata -- yummy. Great beers on draft. Had ahi taco (good) and carne asada taco (to DIE for --- had another) while waiting for conchinita torta. The torta was totally outstanding with smoky, spicy meat with citrus action, interesting salsa and creamy avocado. had the crepas with bananas and cajeta for lunch. service was friendly and well-paced but the food, oh the food...we will be back soon.
I could easily eat here every night of the week.. . We finally made our way to Gallo Blanco.  It's been on  my list to try for a while, especially with us living in the Coronado.  Locally run hotel, local restaurant, local sourcing of product, what isn't there to love?. . NOTHING! . . It was the perfect dinner back in town (I had been gone for a family wedding) with my husband.  Margarita Monday made it even better (a pitcher for 20 bucks).  The acapulco crudo was phenomenal (and I'm craving it right now), the guac deliciously fresh.. . They serve breakfast all day and my husband thoroughly enjoyed his chilaquiles.  I had the famous street tacos: ahi tuna, cochinita, and carne asada.  All very good, the tuna being a fantastic special from the summer menu.  Yum!. . Hubby had the orange cake which disappeared quickly.  I didn't even get a taste.  I had the postre de chocolate, which is basically smores in a cup and, oh man, that thing was delicious.  I savored every bite of it and couldn't finish it!  There was probably one bite left, but I just couldn't.  I absolutely can't wait to go back.  It's definitely one of my favourite mexican restaurants in the valley.
This place is very special.  The fish is very fresh and the taco's are overall the best  I've had anywhere.  Try the halibut or shrimp.  Sometimes they have special meats like pork belly or ahi tuna which are a must try.. Enjoy!!
The food here is amazing-- the service? Not so much. You're pretty much going to get some hipster server who behaves like it's an inconvenience to serve you. But that doesn't really matter because the food is so amazing. The guacamole? I never ate it before I had Gallo's, now I can't get enough. Their carne asada burrito? I have dreams about it's deliciousness. If you're in Phoenix and haven't been, go. Like right now.
Started with the Elote Callejero (Grilled corn w/ Cotija and smoked Paprika), which was different than most corn I've had.  Wife got the Chilaquiles Verdes with chicken, while I had the carne asada burrito.  The carne asada beef was made really well.  Thoroughly enjoyed it.. . They also serve Lux coffee which is very very good.  Service was ok but left a little to be desired.. . If you go to the men's restroom, the urinal is in the shape of a pair of lips.
Waaaay overdue to visit this place. Stopped by on a way to a show at the Phoenix Theater, and had a short but tasty time.. . Sipped a margarita and devoured a bowl of their guacamole to start things off, then moved to some chicken chilaquiles. Was NOT expecting it to be that big, and sadly left a bunch of them behind. Not for lack of trying, however.. . All fresh ingredients and a fun atmosphere in the always entertaining Hotel Claremont. Service was also exceptional, and had a fun chat with all of the very attentive people who took care of us. Will definitely return soon.
My roommate and I went here for drinks before going to see a show in Phoenix. Pleased to see their happy hour menu still counted on Saturdays, we took advantage of their amazing margaritas. . . I suggest ordering on the rocks with salt. . . Gall Blanco is at the base of the Clarenton Hotel in downtown Phoenix, and is in the most perfect spot for admiring the building from a far. We choose to sit outside which wasn't the best idea because the hostes couldn't figure out how to work the fans and the misters were creating small great lakes on the edge tables, but we weren't uncomfortable.
Hubby and I tried out Gallo Blanco for date night and we were legitimately impressed.  The vibe reminds me of St. Francis on Camelback - young, hip, a little loud, smallish menu, hoppin' patio. Hubby had the Picoso - muddled pineapple with jalapeno and a smooth Reposado finish. The drink was a masterpiece, but he admitted it gave him a little heartburn later (well worth it, anyway). I enjoyed the Prickly Pear Margarita complete with Sauza Blanco, which struck a perfect balance between sweet, tangy, & fruity.. . We started with the Queso Fundido appetizer and added seasonal veggies - a mix of caramelized zucchini, summer squash, mushrooms, onions, sweet corn, and spinach. The sweetness of the caramelized veggies complemented the salty nature inherent to Mexican food beautifully. The queso did get a touch greasyat the end, but c'est le fromage.. . We dove in with a variety of tacos for dinner - ordering an ahi tuna, slow braised pork, and carne asada beef taco each. I highly recommend ordering a side of beans for the table, to add to the tacos or to eat as a side - these were some of the richest, smoothest refried pinto beans I've ever come across. They didn't skimp on the taco filling, either - three tacos each was plenty for each of us. I love a place that doesn't skimp on the protein!! I also love a place that serves breakfast ALL DAY. You better believe I'll be back for that.. . The tacos & queso were both served with corn tortillas, and my gluten-free hubby had no issues diving right in. The service was top notch, too - our waitress was incredibly warm and chatty and made helpful suggestions with each step of the order. She also did a great job of pacing the food perfectly, despite how slammed the kitchen must have been at that point.. . We were both too stuffed to go for dessert, but I'd love to try the orange layer cake or crepes on a future visit. But $50 for two drinks, app, two dinners and sides - not too shabby in my book. This would be a great place to stop in for drinks & dessert, too, maybe at the bar or lounge area. I'll be back!
EXCELLENT fish tacos.  The server tryed a little hard to be funny, but I guess I cannot complain, he treated us well.
Overall great place for whatever you are in the mood for. Brunch is fantastic, order a mimosa or some coffee and sit on the patio and you wont' regret it! The guacamole is amazing probably the best in town.  Pork and shrimp tacos are to die for, hubby loves the Naco Torta. Happy hour drinks are pretty good, almost everything we tried was fantastic. Service can be a little slow but they try to make up for it with positive attitudes and refills, servers are always cheery and aim to please. One of my favorite places in town.
It's hard to say much more after so many people have raved about the place before you, so let's keep it short and sweet. Good food and drink at great prices, served by really gracious staff in a comfortable, casual atmosphere. In a city where good Mexican food is found in abundance, the fare here easily stands above the rest. I'm getting a really strong craving for their tacos and elote  even as I type this review, so I presume there will be yet  another visit to Gallo Blanco real soon.
The first time i came here, everything was on point!! I got their delicious chips and salsa along with 2 shrimp tacos, 2 fish tacos, and 2 carve Asada tacos. All sooo good. My boyfriend thought the carne Asada tacos tasted like cat food, but I liked them! I also got their Bloody Mary and its one of the best I've had! . . I went back here last night for their awesome all day Tuesday happy hour with my BFF and we got the corn on the cob thing with paprika which was recommended to us by our super awesome waitress and I got 2 fish tacos and a carne Asada taco. My friend got 2 carne Asada tacos and a shrimp taco. We also got their guacamole which was delicious! and we can't forget about those Bloody Mary's! I thought the carne Asada tacos tasted better this time around while she thought the meat was over cooked and preferred her first time there better. . . The reason they lost a star from me is because if their inconsistency of their food. I guess I always go back to a place thinking what I get this time will taste exactly like last time. And also their drinks aren't strong at all. My friend and I are both light weights and we didn't feel a think after 2 bloody Mary's. usually after 2 drinks, were flying! . . Overall, I do love this place!
I've eaten here twice and have loved every bite! First I tried every street taco and they were all excellent! The fish taco is the best out of all of them. Then the next time I had the "El Campo" omelet and added chicken and that was delish. Get the spicy salsa for both the tacos and the omelet...perfect added heat for the meal. Great service and food. A definite "Must Try" place in Phoenix.
I've been hearing about this place for awhile now and finally tried it out.  The boy and I put our name on the list for the restaurant and decided to venture to the roof top bar while we waited.. The pool area is lovely, as is  the lobby.  Neat elevator. Gorgeous view from the roof.  Really nice outdoor bar.  Plus they have Hendricks, so I was set.  The bartenders were super friendly, we had a nice chat and headed back down stairs.. We were seated outside and pursed the menus. We shared the chochinita and fish tacos, they were very good.  The boy got the Naco Torta, he enjoyed it.  I had the chilquiles verdes with a side of rice.  The flavors were really good, I just wish there had been more of them.  Easily rectified with a healthy dousing of the provided hot sauce, not love lost here.  Our server was efficient, he kept our waters full and the food came out correctly and on time.  Maybe a little over enthused about correct pronunciation of each dish, but I can handle it.
I've Been Blessed.. . IHOP or Gallo Blanco?  IHOP or Gallo Blanco?  IHOP or Gallo Blanco?  Hmmmm.  The price point is close.  . . . I've been blessed to travel outside the borders of the mighty USA, visit other nations, immerse briefly in other languages and cultures and return home to my enviably comfortable life.  I've also been blessed to travel in the nations inside our nation, experiencing the richness and languages of the Indigenous people.  But those are other stories.  . . A Southwest January morning, seven to nine AM in a simple concrete-floored room,  north and east glass walls, the rising sun filling the room with light. Clean lined, simple, sturdy furnishings,  local art on the walls,  local agriculture cooked and served, friendly service with a lovely countenance.   This makes heavenly moments in my book of life.. . If you've traveled some outside our nation's borders, at least the way I have, you'll find yourself in elemental cafes.  A cooking space, a counter, eating space.  Lots of windows, good ambient lighting.  Gallo Blanco(GB) poured me a cup full of memories.  . . I was looking for a place to sit, have a pastry and coffee, passing time until 9 am when my destination opened.  I ended up having a glass of fresh squeezed orange juice, and a plate of four freshly made crepes drizzled with honey and dolloped with whipped cream and apple compote.  Excellent.  . . Don't tell anyone, I brought my own cup of coffee into the Clarendon/GB.  I was treated to a refill.  The refill provided a thoughtful counterpoint about, "What is good coffee anyway?"   . . If you're in the locale, I encourage you to give the GB a try.  There are several good spots for breakfast within two miles.  Put GB in your rotation.  In the open airiness of GB, with it's echo dampening acoustic tiles in strategic ceiling spots, and nearby lobby seating of the Clarendon, a group could schedule productive breakfast meetings.   And that's most of my bit on GB.  . . What is good coffee?   Edra devoted several years of her life to me.  A globe-trotting ace, she mastered the art of good accommodations at reasonable prices without a travel agent just as Bell Labs learned to spell UNIX and DARPA funded a project ultimately named "Internet" that has made travel arrangements easy.    . . I had my first real cup of coffee in Portugal.  A decent old downtown Lisbon hotel serving petite dejeuner in a courtyard framed by box hedge and roses, lit mostly by winter sunlight.  A smooth, flavorful, nutty, medium-heavy roast non-acid cup like nothing I'd known before.  With a little cream, the perfect match for the giant flaky croissants served with butter and apricot preserves.  Maybe the memory makes it better than it was.  It was definitely the best cup of coffee I'd ever tasted served in a city with coffee houses three centuries old.  . . Our nation has embraced coffee sophistication.  More an orgy than an embrace, it tastes to me that the only way to be cool in the American coffee world is carbonize the beans, use way too much brew product, and deliver a cup of charcoal juice, harsh, yet dehydrating to the mouth.. . I had a taster's moment at GB.  I brought in a pretty good cup of custom-roast coffee with a decent array of flavors, slightly throat-parching. I got to compare it with GB's house/breakfast blend.  GB's coffee was smoother, with more flavor.  For me, this is a good place for a morning cup.  . . This concludes the GB moment.  . . And Edra, wherever you are, I hope you kept the bulimia under control.  You looked SO fine once you got that fifteen pounds back on your lithe frame and under your sagging skin.  Ummm, those sweet new curves.   So smart, so well-educated, well-traveled and hard-working.  How did the world ever create that self-image in you? . . Never mind.  I know how.. . The Clarendon hasn't forgotten Don Bolles, fighter for honesty and justice.  Neither should we.  Get up, stand up.
This restaurant is awesome. Love the atmosphere (although a little too dim) and the menu selection. I usually come here on Tuesdays when it's happy hour all day. Their guacamole, some tacos, and other small bites are on the HH menu. I can eat a full meal (sharing the guac appetizer and 3 tacos) for about $12? it's a great deal! . . oh, but their desserts are nothing to write home about.
Gallo Blanco is a wonderful little surprise; exactly where you wouldn't expect it.  In a hotel lobby!. . On our most recent trip, we came here after spending the morning at the Heard Museum just down the street.  As I mentioned, Gallo Blanco is located in the lobby of Clarendon Hotel.  I really do not mean it to be a smug comment, but I have never found any great food in hotel lobbies. Until now.! BTW, if you didn't have the address, or knew it was there -- you might drive past and miss it. I know we have a few times.  D'oh!. . The food is very good, what I like to call "upscale Mexican hip".  But don't let that stop you, because the food is as good as any Mexican food truck!  LOL  . . The Fish Tacos are to die for!  They come simply with iceberg lettuce, pico de gallo and guacamole.  Oh, and not a bad deal for $3.50!  We also like the made to order Guacamole for $7.00, and the Asado Salad.  It comes with grilled Chicken, Romaine lettuce, Spinach, Cabbage, Apples and cheese for $10.00.  We have tried most items on the menu, and everything is excellent.. . Gallo Blanco likes to advertise that their ingredients are fresh, from local suppliers and farmers. Great stuff.  Order the white sangria, it's delicious.. . Enjoy!
If Phoenix had a true city life, Gallo Blanco would probably be one of the most popular spots in the valley.  Instead, it's a pretty randomly located restaurant in the lobby of a pretty randomly located hotel, in a pretty random part of town.. . The Saturday night wait was expectedly long, but it allows you take advantage of the beauty of the Claredon hotel.  It's a pretty hipster hotel along the lines of the W in old town, but with a lot more space and not surrounded by all the trendy restaurants and bars.  The pool is pretty cool surrounded with "waterfall windows" and lights that change color.  There is also a lounge area on the roof of the building which offers a surprisingly pleasant view of the valley.  Grab a drink from Gallo's bar, give the hostess your phone number so they'll call you when your table is ready, and enjoy.. . The fare is gourmet mexican street food.  That usually means smaller portions at bigger prices, but Gallo gives you your money's worth.  The chips and salsa are excellent.  You could fill yourself up on those long before your entree makes it to the table.  The chips were fresh, hot, and not greasy.  The salsa was also fresh and delicious.  If you need some heat, ask for the bottles.. . Service was great.  The waitress did a great job selling the food on the menu.  There was always some one coming by to refill waters, grab a finished plate, or bring us more chips.  My only major complaint is a need for a few more heaters on their patio.  We were seated outside, which didn't sound so bad when we arrived at 7:30, but after waiting a little more than a half hour to be seated, it sure got chilly in the corner where our table was.. . And for some added entertainment.  Hit up the men's room.  Trust me.  You'll have a quick a laugh once you see it.
Supper Yummy!  We went for a quick supper. I had the Inca salad and fish taco. Everything was well flavored and the fish was moist.  The cocktails were tasty too.
Amazing food.
We ended up here because everything else was closed on Superbowl Sunday and we were both pleasantly surprised. I've been wanting to try this place ever since I saw them on Check Please. . My husband and I each had the salmon with grilled veggies. It was delicious!!! For dessert we split the key lime tart which was decent. We will return for the fish.
We really enjoyed our experience here. Loved the building, food, and very reasonably priced. Looking forward to going back when it's warmer to experience the roof top!
Fantastic, cozy feel. Reasonably priced, friendly atmosphere. Connected to a boutique hotel.
I went here with a friend for lunch on a Tuesday and was pleasantly surprised to find that Tuesday is all day Happy Hour. Many of the dishes are included and of course beverages. We decided to try the "cheese dip" with vegetables instead of chorizo as an appetizer. The dip came with homemade bread and chips and was very tasty. For entrees we decided to try the fish and the shrimp tacos which were both delicious. The restaurant serves their hot-sauces in bottles and both the green and red sauce are very tasty with a full and flavorful taste. The atmosphere of the restaurant is fun and somewhat mid-century modern like the hotel it is attached to.  Overall my experience was great but I would recommend some improvement in customer service when it come to the waitstaff. Not to friendly or competent ... well maybe our waiter just had a bad day :) I will definitely return to this restaurant to enjoy some more tasty food and delicious beverages!
I will give this place a solid four stars. Great food and decent prices. You can't beat all day happy hour on Tuesdays... Plus, any place that can make a good Michelada is a sure thing for me.. . Their tacos are delicious (I've tried most of them, and I usually end up with the shrimp, Fish and Pibil). Even without happy hour they aren't ridiculously priced. Start off with the guacamole and elote and your tummy will be a happy camper:). . One of my visits, they completely misplaced our dinner order, but the manager came out and apologized and gave us some free dessert. To be honest we were enjoying the apps and drinks that we didn't feel that bad anyway...but I do appreciate good service!
Yum!
Awesome!
Ate here 3 times in one week while in Phoenix on business. Need I say more? Fantastic salsas, delicious salads and perfectly cooked meats. Fun/funky atmosphere, too. Great place for afterwork early dinner and drinks. Dining on the patio is most refreshing.
Go here for happy hour.. . fundido with veggies. an elote. 2 fish tacos. 1 carne asada taco. 1 cochinita taco. 1 veggie taco. tres leches cake. 6 drinks (pear mojitos and margaritas). . $61.00. . I think that is a pretty good price for two people who left completely stuffed. Not to mention, all of the flavors in these dishes were spot on!!! The cochinita taco was my absolutely favorite taco. If I could go back I would definitely get the fundido again with veggies, an elote, and more cochinita tacos no questions asked. If I had room...let me rephrase...I would make room for the tres leches cake.. . Atmosphere was trendy and modern. . I did read that a lot of people had trouble with service. I was just there last week and we had great service. We were attended to right away, had water and drink refills without asking, and our server was really personable and on the ball. I have not one complaint about service.
Funky little place attached to a hotel. They start with complementary chips and guac, which were great. The guac is a little different with some citrus fruit in it - but it works. The tacos were very good, especially the carne asada. It looks like they have a great happy hour and patio as well. Service was spot-on. Would love to go back.
Service can be slow and the food comes out slow. The Shrimp tacos on tuesday are worth the wait. Amazing! The fish tacos are good but don't compare to the shrimp.
Brunch on a Sunday WHADDDUP!! Breakfast burrito nailed it, and the banana, caramel crepe with whipped cream was the perfect change up from the pancake. This place is located in the front portion of the Clarendon hotel, and I give them an A for atmosphere, and a B+ for menu.
I wished I had meals to eat here. Unfortunately I only had time for the guacamole...and I ate the whole thing!!! I sat outdoors and that was okay just off the street. I had the advantage of also purchasing this snack at happy hour....a dollar off! Super deal, now have to get back for a meal sometime.
Wow. We went on Tuesday, late afternoon, and the place was still rocking. They take Taco Tuesday to a whole new level. Great wait staff, food takes a while to come out, but it is delicious and CHEAP! Wonderful combinations, all the Tacos were stunning. Some a little spicy....but I like that!. Apparently they have live Flamenco dancers on Wednesdays but you better get there early if you want a table!. Nice outdoor patio area too
One of the only places in the Valley that makes me curse after nearly every bite - that's how GOOD my food experiences have been here. Cochinita and carne asada beef tacos cannot be any better and are my favorites. Fish tacos are good, and can be a little spicy. I could drink the hot sauces they provide in the squeeze bottles. I've resisted, to maintain some decorum, licking the bowl clean of the chunky guacamole. Save room for dessert, because the Orange Cake and new Lime Tart are worth it!. . Service? Can be hit or miss, but always friendly.. . Atmosphere?? Last visit, between the deafening, thumping music, the baby at the table across the way screeching regularly at the very top of its tiny lungs - compelling about a dozen patrons to do a simultaneous quick turn of the head to see where it was coming from, combined with the crashing of dishes to the floor in the kitchen area made me feel like I was part of a Saturday Night Live skit. . . No matter. Those darn tacos, guacamole, and desserts will have me keep coming back for more !
Carne asada burrito. Carne asada tacos. Tortas. And watermelon Aguas frescas.  I don't think I've ordered anything here that wasn't good.  This is a great place for high quality mexican food, that isn't too expensive.  The only downside is there is always a wait, but grab a drink at the bar and set your view to the pool where you can view a waterfall wall of wonder.
Very good food. Naco torta is awesome. So is the grilled chicken. The orange cake for dessert was surprisingly awesome as well. Wife didn't care for the carnitas tacos but everything else was really good. Just don't go on a friday night and expect to get out of there in a reasonable amount of time.
Love the tacos here which are at a great price especially during happy hour.. Just wish the service was a little better!
Gallo is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix.  The food is fresh and delicious.  The drinks are unique and strong.  The guacamole is the best I've ever had.  You should also check out their new restaurant, Otro.
Oh my goodness! The food is delicious. Guacamole is creamy not spicy, but you can add their chipotle salsa or salsa verde to give the chips a bit more of a kick. We sat at the bar because it was the first available - yes, there's a wait for the bar in the dining area too.. . I got the chilaquiles vegetales - SO GOOD. They pack it with vegetables, and its layered with corn tortillas. In fact I hadn't seen it done this way before. Had mushrooms, carrots, and golden beets. I think they add seasonal vegetables in it as well.. . I got the Picoso for a drink- it's HOT. They add jalapeno to it, which gives it a kick that took me a while to distinguish from the alcohol.. . Everything tastes fresh and the food is fantastic!. . Service was good, but they were a bit understaffed it seemed. We're slow eaters though and all the service people were nice.. . My one complaint is the wait. We waited 25 minutes for two people on a Wednesday around 6. Plus there's no seating for people waiting but they don't really call out names because it's so loud. So you kind of have to stand near the front when your table is about ready to be called out and try not to get in anyone's way. For the first 15 minutes we waited out by the beautiful relaxing pool.. . On wednesday nights at 7 they have flamenco as well.
Had to try this place after reading the reviews. This is a very different type of Mexican restaurant. It is all very fresh, not greasy or covered in cheese.  Started with corn with mayo, cotinga and paprika. Absolutely delish. We then had three different tacos, pork, fish, shrimp. All of them were very tasty. Guacamole was fresh, little onions and orange segments. Sunds weird but it was good. BF had naco torte, which was beef on sandwich role. It was excellent. Worth a trip. Service was excellent
Okay, first of all, Tuesdays and Wednesdays are totally jam-packed and you WILL have a wait, so be patient - the food is worth it.  Tuesdays are all day happy hour - nuff said there.  Wednesday is Salsa night and that is apparently a very big deal.  I am a Tuesday night girl, myself, for the obvious reason.  I actually stayed at the Clarendon this week (the funky hotel in which this restaurant is located), so I have eaten here more this week than in all my previous weeks (over a year and a half) in Phoenix.  The food is truly fabulous and they have great drinks, too.  . . First the food.  Their tacos are all delicious.  My favorite for the combo of low calories and big taste is the grilled fish taco.  They are small, and inexpensive, and are on happy hour special before 6 and all day Tuesday.  The other tacos - the pork carnitas, shrimp, veggie - are all spectacular, and the salsas (served in those old timey squeeze bottles like you see mustard served in diners) are muy delicioso!  The salmon is delicious and perfectly prepared with a honey glaze.  Everything has a little kick to it but nothing is super hot.  Their breakfast is super good and non-typical, if you are looking for something special I suggest trying their huevos rancheros - but it is not like Mama's.  No red and green chile sauce, just a nice spicey tomato based salsa, and lots of it.  They make a great salad wth kale and (wait for it...) corn nuts.  I'm not even kidding, and it is reallllllly good.  . . My friend had the posole and while it did not look like mama made it, either, she assured me it was amazing, and it looked delicious.  The guacamole is creamy and not spicy, but there is the aforementioned yummy salsa/hot sauce on the table so you can adjust to taste.. . They have some decent wine selections at an affordable price - some $5 happy hour specials that were awesome.  They also have some fancy drinks with fruity stuff in them, "aguas frescas" spiked or not, and other specialty drinks, as well.. . The wait staff has always been friendly and professional, with the exception of a very snarky and obviously overly-impressed-with-himself bartender.  I thought after the first time I caught the rudeness that he might be having an off day, but having been at this bar 3 or 4 times now it is clear he is just a jerk.  He is rude to everyone, not just me (that might be understandable but he was rude to my sweet friends who EVERYONE likes so this time it isn't me.)  And quite put out to be asked for a drink at any hour and no matter how many or few customers he has.  He is the only reason I didn't give the place 5 stars, because it is hard to avoid him when you have to wait 30 mins for a table.  Call ahead or go a bit early and get yourself a table because the food is awesome and everyone else there seems very nice and helpful.
Wow, I am amazed at how such an amazing, chic, cute, and inviting place like this can be in downtown Phoenix, no offense. The Phoenix area continues to surprise me with these little gems that are full of delicious food, yummy drinks, pretty people, chic decor, and for this one, an amazing pool and deck! . . So, my co-organizer called in to make reservations for my East Coast Foodies group the day before for their Sunday happy hour. I walked in earlier than the rest of the group, the girl found our reservations and went to prepare our table. As she did that I walked outside to the amazing pool and people watched. As the rest of the party arrived, so did the waitress with our menus in hand waiting to direct us to our pretty table on the patio!. . I am impressed! Everyone was professional, funny, prompt, and informative when it came to my questions about drinks and food! Their happy hour prices were very wallet/purse friendly.. . The drinks were refreshing, cheap (during happy hour), and quite strong. I love love love love love this place and may make it my after church on Sunday event at least twice a month.. . The tacos, grilled corn covered in delish Mexican topping, cilantro rice, etc. were all delectable.. . I only thing that annoyed us were the flies that were trying to share our meals.. . Go here, do a little dance, drink several drinks, and eat their citrus shredded pork, or shrimp tacos, and think of me!. . Cheers
Surprisingly small place.  Melds very well with the Clarendon's decor.  The torta is messy but oh sooooo good.
I'd call it an undiscovered gem, but it seems everyone I know has been urging me to go there for at least a year or two. So maybe I'm the only one who's out of it.. . Great prices on delicious food for happy hour. Some of the best ceviche I've had North of the border. Guacamole that's going to jackslap you in the head. It's that good. Margarita is pretty good, too. Order the chicarron. Just do it. It comes out looking like a cooling tower at a nuke plant.. . Service was swift and pleasant. . . About the only drawback is that it's almost as noisy as a stamping plant. You know, like where they stamp big pieces of metal and stuff. Hard surfaces all around, and the music is pretty loud as well. . . If you go check out the tribute to the late journalist Don Bolles in the hallway leading past the restrooms. It was on a Summer afternoon in 1976 that a bomb planted in his car in the parking lot of the Clarendon Hotel went off, morally wounding him. It's honorable that the management remembers the event, and definitely makes the Gallo Blanco a stop on the Mondo Phoenix tour.
I love the menu, I love the presentation, I love the feel of the restaurant, and I love the happy hour prices.  The hotel and restaurant has a trendy, retro, modern, Crate&Barrel color look to it.  All of their tacos are fresh and delicious, especially the pork belly when it's available.  The one exception was the carne asada, which was tender and cooked well but tasted a little off, as if it was seasoned incorrectly or something.  The horchata was decent.  I was impressed by the guacamole and the housemade salsas, and that huge grilled corn is awesome too. The staff even accommodated a dairy allergy and grilled one of the corns without the cojita cheese for us. . . I'm telling you - everything is incredible, and during happy hour it feels like we're robbing the place clean!  Servers are great and attentive too, and they really try to take care of you.  You have to bring an out-of-towner here to eat, cause there really aren't too many places like this.  It's just a fun, beautiful spot to come and grab a bite, and everyone there is so pleasant and attentive.  Gotta try their breakfast items next time I'm there.
My husband's coworkers always rave about how much they love this place but we had never been here until April.  We've been here twice.  . . Monday is all day happy hour.  We ordered the guacamole.  It has mandarin oranges (I think) mixed in with the avocados.  It's different and it wasn't my thing but my husband enjoyed it a lot. . . My husband ordered 4 shrimp tacos and I had a shrimp taco and a fish taco.  (The shrimp tacos were so good that we came back for them the second time.)  They're on the small side so I could have easily eaten a third if we hadn't had the guacamole.  They were both very good.  The fish is not breaded.  . . The restaurant is an open space on one end of The Clarendon Hotel.  You have to walk past the front desk (if you miss the actual door just past the hotel door like we did on our way in) and through a bar area to get to the hostess stand.  I recommend getting a table outside or up against the windows.  We were seated in the middle of the room and I could hear noise from the bar and lounge area so it was pretty loud for me.  (Full disclosure - I have trouble hearing conversation if there is background noise and people speak softly so what I think is loud may not be what you think is loud - although the hostess did hear 3 when we said 2 and put three menus on the table)  The second time we were able to get a table in the corner and the noise level was much better.. . Our waitress was great and did not have to be asked to refill our waters and we didn't have to wait to get our bill when we were done.  And we never felt rushed either. I didn't catch her name but the name on my receipt says Mariah.  (The second time the waiter was also good.). . I can see us coming here fairly often.
Great tacos!
Good food, fun service, fair prices especially on Tuesday. We liked it objectively, but its not a fave. It's too trendy for us, we're just not that hip.
The hubby and I had a late dinner here a while back but I forgot to add my review. I love the different taco options. I had the cochinita and the shrimp tacos. Both were perfect. The margaritas were nice and strong. My hubby had the huevos rancheros and really enjoyed it. I'm getting hungry just thinking of this meal!
Even though I miss the ahi tacos dearly, I still love this place.  I've since discovered the ceviche, the corn on the cob, the quesadillas, the burritos, oh my!  Everything is always really fresh and VERY tasty.  The staff is super friendly every time.  I can't wait to see what will be my next yummy discovery!
Their tacos are delicious ! This is a good place for some really good tacos for lunch and cocktails for dinner. I take away one star because this place can get very loud and the fact that they do not have many options for chicken dishes (for the wifey). On the pricier side. Their shrimp tacos and their fish tacos are delicious !
I absolutely love Gallo Blanco! Great spot to take friends in from out of town to show off what Phoenix has to offer. Nestled in the Clarendon Hotel (one of the oldest hotels in Phoenix) sits this little gem of a cantina. . . Fantastic Margs and cocktails and definite must go for happy hour. If you like street tacos they are supa cheep during happy hour but full of flavor. The pork, carne asada, shrimp, hell even the veggie is delish!. . I can't do a review without also mentioning, that Wednesday night is Flamenco night, and the dancers are a blast to watch and very beautiful. . . Ps. May fav guac in the valley as well!
Gallo is very close to where I live, and after reading all the great reviews, I had to try it. There's plenty of parking on the street with a short walking distance. The restaurant is nicely decorated but a little cramped. The staff is friendly but I thought our server could have been a little more helpful.. . We had the queso with vegetables - fantastic. I really like that they give you chips and tortillas to use for dipping.. . The carne asada tacos are so delicious. The beef is tender, with great flavor, and the simple cilantro and lime topping is perfect. The huevos rancheros are also very good. It's a big portion size, which I happily took home as leftovers. The two sauces they give you are fresh, spicy, and delicious. I could eat the tomatillo sauce all day, every day.. . Happy hour is 3 - 6, and includes several menu items being marked $1 less from the listed price. Great deal!. . I can't wait to go back.
Really solid.  I got the fruit / jicama salad with lime and chile, which was excellent; 2 tacos (shrimp and carne assada) which was also really good; and a small bowl of pozole, which was... you guessed it... super yum.  Fresh, local, everything made there.  . . Good service, and the Margarita was good too.
Fun, trendy, crowded, but perfectly relaxed about our arriving road-weary and windblown with a surly 12yo for dinner. Food was good and creative and service was great.
Gallo Blanco is among my faves in dt Phoenix. It's inside The Clarendon Hotel and great for a date or a night out with friends. The drinks are delicious (try the prickly pear margarita!!) and the food is just as good. The fish and carne asada street tacos are to die for, as are burritos. The atmosphere is trendy but casual, making for a fun night out. There are a few seats outdoors if you're lucky enough to snag one. . . Overall, try Gallo Blanco if you're in the mood for a trendy twist on Mexican cuisine.
The pork torta is a must as is most of the menu. The drinks are a little pricey but besides that I would recommend this place to anyone.
When I average out all the aspects of Gallo Blanco, I reach a four star rating.  The food and happy hour are the two reasons we keep coming back.  The service is not a reason to return, but we put up with it to eat those yummy little tacos.  This place is just off the lobby of the Clarendon Hotel, which is hipster central.   No one wears a nametag or any identifiable mark of actually working there so it's hard to flag someone down if you need something.  A few servers act like you are inconveniencing them for being there.  We put up with all that because the happy hour prices are great and the pork tacos and carne asada burrito are to die for!  We also love the green and red salsa (you can find the same stuff at Crescent Ballroom).  The white sangria and margaritas are just right on a warm day.
One of our favorite places for fresh-Mex and Southwest.  Good value, easy parking, good service. It can be a noisy dining room at times, so the patio is a good bet, weather permitting. The naco torta is a mess to eat but heavenly.  The menu has enough variety to please everyone in our dining party.  Never disappoints.
This will be my Mexican restaurant for out-of-towners.  The ambience is hip and cool (has a Brooklyn/Williamsburg feel to the place).  It's not your typical authetic Mexican Restaurant.  . . For a frame of reference - I really love street Mexican food - Cabeza, Lengua, Chicharone, Carne Asada, Carnitas, Al Pastor Tacos - Not the restaurant for these types of tacos (La Salsita, Ta Carbon is where I'd go). . For dinner, my fiance and I got way too much food.... . Prickly Pear Margarita - on the sour side - not bad though. Guacamole (made from scratch) - really really good, but I can make it at home. Oaxacan Tamale (wrapped with banana leave) - very good flavor. Pork Taco - not bad. Beef (Carne Asada) Taco - very good flavor, goes great with the salsa. Fish Taco - very good as well, flaky meat this is not too dry and yet flavorful. Beef Torta - probably my least favorite dish...don't get me wrong, the meat is very good and tasty and the bread is good - just not my cup of tea. Posole - nice broth that comes to life after you add all the garnish and the chili sauce (I think it's Guajillo chili but I am not 100% sure). . Not a very expensive bill even though we got all this food - we had a lot of leftovers.  . . If you are looking for a Mexican restaurant that is unique, hip, cool to out-of-towner...look no further than Gallo Blanco.
We had an excellent lunch here. Our server Mariah was very helpful and informative, and everyone enjoyed their food: chillaquilles, fish sandwich, burrito, chicken quesadilla- all excellent!
This past weekend, I was fortunate enough to partake in what my Husband now refers to as "the best food he has eaten at in forever," at Gallo Blanco.  Thanks to a recommendation from a friend, the Hubs and I ventured to Gallo for dinner Saturday night.  We called ahead and once we found the place, it was only a short wait to be seated at our table.  While we waited we started with some beers at the bar.  We enjoyed the overall vibe in the bar and restaurant.  It has a very open/trendy feel.  It is kind of noisy, but we really didn't mind... it actually added to the ambiance.. . Ok, now for the main event... the food.  We started with guacamole and the street corn (per my friend's recommendation).  Now, we were starving, but this guac and street corn were unbelievable... particularly the corn.  Now, I make this style of corn at home, and I think it's pretty good, but this blew mine out of the water... it was so good!  The guac and chips were also awesome, but we LOVED the red salsa that was on the table.  It was perfectly spicy and very savory.  Love.  For our entrees we shared three tacos... the pork, pork belly special, and shrimp.  The Hubs loved the shrimp the best, I was found of the shredded pork.  All were very good.  We also had the carne asada torta.  The bun was fab and the carne asada was great... would have loved the guac on this instead of just avocado and maybe some cheese, but that is just my personal opinion.  Originally we were going to have dessert, but we were far to stuffed to partake.. . Needless to say we will be back.  I'd rate Gallo five stars, but I need a return visit to confirm this first experience.  My Husband has been talking nonstop about this place since we went.  I am confident that we will be frequent visitors now that we have found this gem!  Yay for good Mexican (which is surprisingly hard to find in this town).
Trendy Mexican! I'm down! . . I met a colleague here for lunch upon her recommendation. I was confused where the entrance was. But once I made it inside I was greeted warmly. Hostess seemed a little frazzled and made me wait to be seated while she took a phone call, which kind of annoyed me but I shrugged it off.. . Anyway, we sat outside, luckily in the shade. Service was fantastic! Our server was very conscientious that we were having a business lunch and tried not to interrupt as much as possible, while still being totally attentive. It was great.. . Food was phenomenal! I ordered a shrimp and fish taco. My colleague had the huevos rancheros. Both were excellent! My tacos were definitely on the small side and for $3.50, kinda pricey for the size. That being said, the shrimp and fish were cooked perfectly, everything was so fresh and tasty. Very pleasing. . . I am definitely looking forward to taking advantage of their all day happy hour on Tuesdays!
I've already been to this place twice, and I enjoy the atmosphere. I was seated very quickly. Service was good; though I did not know the chips and salsa and fries were addon items.. . I ordered the Pollo Asado, and was fairly large portion. Cooked to perfection, nothing tasted dry at all. Also the aioli salsa was great.. . 4/5 WCB
This place has amazing food and neat ambiance.  I would highly recommend the guacamole and the tacos (probably the best value on the menu, especially if you don't have a huge appetite).  The only thing I didn't like is that the fact that the chips and salsa are not complimentary (which is uncommon in Mexican restaurants in the Phoenix area) is not explicitly stated.  I would definitely return here int he future.
My girlfriend and I stayed in the Clarendon for a little staycation and managed to have both dinner and breakfast here.. . Dinner:. We were there during happy hour. We both got cocktails and tacos. The "El Julio" was delicious, like a little alcoholic key lime pie in a glass. The carne asada tacos were good, but nowhere near as good as the grilled shrimp tacos. We split a lime tart which was both way bigger than I expected and very tasty.. . Breakfast:. They serve Lux coffee which is always good. I got the Chilaquiles and it was simply a mountain of crunchy tortilla, perfectly frilled chicken, cheese and the perfect amount of heat from the green sauce.. . Overall I would call this place a little Gem and a good place to take some visitors for a bit of Arizona chic.
I wish Gallo Blanco was in Tucson, the food here is wonderful. The service is another story. First they asked if we wanted chips and salsa and I said of course. Later once I received the bill I realized I was charged for these. I hate paying for chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant and they should have made it clear that they were not complimentary. . . For my main I ordered the pollo asado chicken and it was amazing.The chicken was cooked to perfection and the citrus marinade and aioli made this dish something truly special. I would come back time and time again for this dish.
Great tacos but salsa and chips are not free. Need to pay for chips and salsa. That's the downfall about this place. I recommend guacamole dip with chips.
3.5 stars. . . My biggest gripe about Gallo Blanco is the service. It's been incredibly slow and inattentive each time I've eaten here. I just end up grabbing more plates/utensils/napkins from the service bar myself because we're rarely checked on. We also wait forever after being seated for orders to be taken, long enough to be irritated and flag down bussers (who are awesome) to find our servers. . . HOWEVER, I like the atmosphere of this place. It's cozy, casual, and fun. There's a neat patio on the roof that should be utilized more...they can pack your food in plastic trays to bring up. The food items are hit or miss. These are not the best tacos in the world. I find most of the meats too dry. Shrimp is the way to go but you'll ask yourself, "Where's all the shrimp?" when it arrives. Gauc is pretty good and they have some interesting mixed drinks to try.
Inca salad with shrimp, a side of guacamole and some nice local white wine made for a perfect light dinner after a long flight to Phoenix. . . The waitress reminded me of Amy Poehler, so I could overlook a few oddities. For example, I noticed something floating in my wine. She identified it as a piece of foil wrapper from the wine bottle. .... Long Pause .... Then she offered to replace the wine. The pause was so long and I felt like I am in a SNL sketch. So I said "no no it's okay" and I fished the piece out with my fork. Later I ordered a second glass and it looked like a generous pour.
I like this place and really want to go back sometime but no one seems to want to go to sit down restaurants anymore. What's happening to this world?. . So I tried 2 tacos and the guac and chips when I was there last. A bit pricey when you're hungry for more but don't have the cash. Atmosphere is awesome. Sat in front of the bar so you get food right out of the kitchen. Very delish!
Chilaquiles lived up to their reputation - it was a very involved dish but it had great layers of texture along with flavor. It also comes topped with a fried egg, and I'm of the opinion that everything is better with a fried egg on top. . . Little disappointing were the squid tacos. Yes, they were tender and moist and cooked notably well - but really lacking in flavor. . . The ambience is friendly and chill. They played some reggae and have a "street" theme going with art on the walls that borrow elements of graffiti, metal table tops, etc. The service was great - attentive, friendly, and fast. . . Only suggestion would be to get an espresso machine in there to provide some more caffeine options in addition to drip coffee (which was still pretty yummy as far as drip coffee goes - slightly darker roast, lots of flavor, not watered down).  That would definitely make this place a staple on my weekends.
I love this place. Not only is it urban cute with a rocking rooftop patio, but the food is wonderful and reasonably priced. I recently asked about the salmon, since I only eat wild caught and the chef actually came out and talked to us. I thought that was really great. Good food, good service!
Located in the Clarendon Hotel, Gallo Blanco is a urban, upscale, fresh eatery that I am pleased to have the opportunity to try. The menu consists of fresh local ingredients, in simple, but unique dishes that have their own personality. I was impressed with the service, as my water was never empty or any need ignored. I ordered a breakfast sampler and for my wheat toast I asked for some jam. The server brought out a yummy orange marmalade that was no doubt homemade. I could compare this style of food to Matt's Big Breakfast in downtown Phoenix, which also has a really great reputation. Must try Gallo Blanco!
Just went here for another afternoon drink. It's a part of The Clarendon Hotel. I've been here a few times in the past, and the atmosphere is always very similar--low key but welcoming. Gallo has a unique flare about them, that ranges from their staff, to their food, to their drinks. They have a prickly pear margarita that'll give you a taste of a valley favorite for $8. Today I had a Bloody Mary ($5 on happy hour). Instead of the typical horseradish, they use habaneroto season and spice it-- but not too much to freak your taste buds out. Garnished with jicama and the usual olive, lemon, lime, celery. I enjoy the mini tacos they have during happy hour, though they can sometimes be a tad spicy. While I've had better food and drink before, I do thoroughly enjoy coming to this place as it's laid back and got a unique style to it. There is enough ambience and flavor to keep me coming back.
