This is a new out of the way bbq restaurant that recently opened on Highland Dr.  I know that Highland is an industrial and seedy area west of the strip, but these guys are turning out some good bbq and making the most of what they have.  I recently tried the Biggin sandwich (brisket, pulled pork and sausage) and it was very tasty.  The sandwich was loaded with meat, literally falling off the bun, all of the meats were tender and had a good smoke flavor.  Along with my sandwich was a side of bacon potatoe salad, which was good.  The potatoe salad had good flavor and bacon in just about every bite.  Total for my sandwich, salad and drink ran me $11, which I think is a good value for quality food.. This is a spicier bbq than most people are used to, but it works.  It reminds me more of a kicked up Kansas City style bbq.  I stuck with the original sauce, which was plenty hot and did not try the spicy or the extra spicy.. . All in all this place is making some pretty good bbq, which is much needed in Las Vegas.  The biggest draw back is that they are located on Highland next to Diamond Cabaret and they are only open until 6pm.  I would like to see this place do well, hence my review, but their limited hours and location create much doubt.. Good Luck!
This place is really good BBQ, I hate fat and gristle so I stay away from some of the meats; I got the hotlink sandwich, the baked beans, and loaded mashed potatoes. It was all very good. The location has something to be desired. During the day I felt fine; I have a feeling at night the safe factor goes way down. Two, what I assumed to be, strippers were here when we got lunch and one of them out right propositioned my boss. After a good laugh we all sat down and ate our meal. Everyone was full and pleased. It seems this place gets more business by the day. During the lunch hour they ran out of seats and the line can build up quickly.
Really good restaurant. Although the place was a bit empty for being 5 PM, the food was very fresh and well-prepared. I had the piggy wrap and it was very flavorful! I will definitely try one of their meat platters next time that I'm in.
OK it's a little off-beat for a location, off of Highland in an industrial mega-plex area, strip bars and mechanics shops vie for attention.  You can't miss the big smokers out front though, sitting in the parking lot like beasts of barbecue.   You go inside and like a magical mirror, the place is so much bigger in than out, with a side room and front room with tables and chairs to hang out in.  NOW, the amazing part, the part that astounds is the BBQ!  I don't believe I have ever had better BBQ sauce...EVER.  The brisket wasn't tender but delicious, the hot link was extraordinary and the beans had chunks of beef that were staggering.  Everyone in our group (there were 9 of us) shut right up and dug in (although keeping the 5th star away for now was the somewhat unorganized service).  If you love BBQ, there is NONE better in Vegas, or maybe even in the great state of Nevada.  Heck, I would put it up against the little smoke houses in my wife's hometown of Nashville!  Truly superb food and the banana pudding at the end was heaven itself.  If you are into "fancy" you don't know BBQ anyway so this aint for you.  IF YOU WANT the best tasting BBQ in town though, this is the place for you!   GET SOME!!!
Trolling around for some BBQ in the Veg. We lost my favorite BBQ joint Pit Boss BBQ. They just up and left and didn't give their customers the heads up if they were going to set up shop somewhere else. A lot of their fans were disappointed when they disappeared.. . The homie tells me of this new joint chillen on D.I. and Highland. I'll pho'ks with it. I roll up and see huge smokers out front. Very good sign. I go inside thinking it's going to be another hole in the wall. Inside looks nice and accommodating. Lot's of places to sit and get down. . . So I try and sample as much as I can. I get the trio combo and a half rack of baby back ribs. Hey! Don't diet! Try It!  . . Trio Combo:. The trio combo comes with brisket,  a hot link, pulled pork, some bread, a few pickle slices, a side (mashed potatoes), and a side of their BBQ sauce. Their hot link came in first, with their pulled pork and brisket comming in an honorable second. Their hot links stood out with the most flavor from this combo. Coming back for more of this tube steak. You can definitely taste the smokey flavor of their passion. . . Baby back ribs:. They difinitely have this one on lock down. Very smokey and tasty. How can you mess up baby back ribs? Fall off the bone with their tangy BBQ sauce makes this one a definite come back. . . BBQ sauce:. Their BBQ sauce has a tangy spicy taste to it which will linger with you after you finish feeding your face. They give you a lot of sauce with their BBQ and give you a side of more BBQ sauce just in case. There have been a couple of spots where they just give you a dab of BBQ sauce. Come on folks! Don't be stingy with your BBQ sauce.. . This is a solid diamond in the rough. It's kind of tricky getting here. If you like BBQ, try this place out and support them. It's hard to find some solid BBQ in Vegas these days. They're doing a great job. I had the coworkers sample some of their BBQ when I got back from lunch. Definitely a new lunch spot for the gang. Still have to try their beef ribs and everything else that's on the menu.. . . Rollin Smoke Barbeque....EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
Real Good authentic dry rub smoked BBQ. Total hole in the wall with some of the best pulled pork I've had... huge portions and freindly staff... If you like the corporate heat and serve food nicely packaged in a themed resteraunt, go there and not here. If you want real food and real people, this is the place... I will always go here when I'm passing through...
I wish there were an option for 3.5 stars, but since I am convinced they will impress me next time I will go ahead with the 4. First off this place ain't for vegetarians, there's a huge stuffed hog's head next to the tables.  As well as a big Razorbacks poster. I had to ask if they were from Arkansas considering I took a road trip there over the summer and had my fair share of southern BBQ. Sure enough they answered with "wooo pig suuuiii" which if you know anything about college football or the razorbacks, you'll understand. . Between 3 of us we ordered 3 sandwiches (hot links & pulled pork) and a half rack of baby back ribs.. I really enjoyed the ribs, not too much fat, perfectly blackened and the sauce was homemade and peppered well. I also ordered a mac & cheese side. Still wondering how that was because they served me loaded mashed potatoes instead. We also ordered it Togo, and they brought it all out on trays, to dine in. We did not complain about the side mix up, nor the unboxed food. We simply stayed and enjoyed our grub. The taters looked great and were; other than some of the bacon bits inside were a tad undercooked. The sweet tea was also a plus. . I only seen one employee and noticed he was running outside to the smoker pit, taking orders, handing out orders, as well as doing the cleaning. They were pretty busy and could have used another person. . The reason ultimately they got 4 stars, the food was great, and the guy serving us was pretty awesome regardless of the mistakes made. Double checked on us, made sure we got the free dessert with our yelp check in, genuinely cared about making the place work. Hopefully being right next to the strip clubs, they will last. I will for sure return to try the brisket and catfish.
Great food, great prices, great service and a casual dining atmosphere. I would have to say it's the best BBQ in Vegas.
Great pork but the Brisket needs a Lil work   but over all good food
Hit Rollin Smoke today for lunch.  . . Location ain't the most convenient for me but i was at nearby Caesar's earlier throwing the dice, i came out on top so time for a treat.  As usual, I previously saw Nelson's review of the place and though i've never met the guy, i like how he food rolls so let's try da smoke ! . . A little concerned when i walk into the place - a lady in front of me was there to pick up a large phone order for the office she works in - apparently, the order was misplaced.  Props to the staff, they stepped up and got the order confirmed and my guess is it took them less than 10 minutes to get the order ready and they comped the sides !  good job !. . The older guy that took my order is a good 'ol boy - not sure what part of the south he's from but given the Arkansas razorback banner, i'm guessing Arkansas.  Had to repeat my order several times and he had difficulty putting the order into the POS system ( and sadly, he still got the order wrong ). . Ordered:. . 3 meat combo - pulled pork, links and brisket with a side of bacon potato salad ( also comes with a drink ) $13. .  couple of Bones ( ribs ) - $ 2 each . . Side of mac and cheese and beans ( $2 each ) . . Outlaw Burger ( $7.99 ) - basically the kitchen sink burger . . two other groups came in after me - both groups got their food before me - a little irritated about this but the guys were apologetic and explained that the burger takes 15 minutes to cook since it's a one pounder, and since i like the overall vibe of this place, i can let it slide.  . . Got the food, started driving home - yes, i ate everything but the burger while driving home - my shirt is soaking in the washer as we speak !. . Caution - ASK FOR THE SAUCE ON THE SIDE ! Don't get me wrong, i loved the sauce but some may find the sauce to spicy or not spicy enough.  Plus, i like to taste the 'Q in it's "barren" state so i can admire the smoke ring, focus on the meaty, smoky flavor and then dip it into the sauce - just a personal preference.. . Highlights - . . DA MEAT ! - loved it all !  I really liked that the pork had decent chunks of bark.  The ribs were great - surprised at size and yet tender.  The brisket had the perfect smoke ring and great flavor.  Minor "beef" ( get it ? )  - they sprinkled some chopped green onions on the ribs - NO ! . . Mac N Cheese - nice creamy cheese with a little spicy bite to it - wish it was baked with a crunchy top but it still tasted great. . Low points - again, a little on the slow side but just a slight knock.  . . The beans - several chunks of cartilage and grizzle but good flavor.. . THEY FORGOT MY BACON POTATO SALAD.  WAHHHHHHHH ( major tears ) . . Pic of Burger included - i've yet to try it !  . . I will return and hopefully i can give them a 5 star review
Best BBQ in Vegas. All of the choices are very good. My favorites are the ribs and brisket. I also love the location. I hope they put more tables outside when it warms up. I gave 4 stars because the sides are much too small. I would rather them up-charge and give you a lot more. You think large when you think BBQ.
Highland Dr and Industrial Rd are better known for their close proximity to the Las Vegas glittery night life, where even the least physically attractive individuals can lease the personal attention of barely clothed seductive sirens $20 at a time.  But thanks to Rollin' Smoke Barbeque, this same area will also be known for down to earth, simply delicious BBQ. . . On a recent weekday evening, a handful of coworkers decided to meet here post work to try some BBQ that Nelson Q has proudly put his 5 Yelp stars stamp of approval on. In typical fashion, I was the first to arrive.  The parking lot was empty except for 2 cars, all the other businesses were closed, and there was a guy in suits finishing his early dinner.. . The restaurant itself is very low key. It housed nothing flashy in terms of decorations, except for a big boar's head mounted on one of the walls. The lobby/ordering counter is in a small room, but the main dining area is in the adjacent room. The seats are comfortable, and there is a TV for you to watch sports or highlights, while you wait for your order.. . Most of us opted to try the Outlaw Burger. For $6.99 + tax, this burger is the size of two of my fists stacked on top of each other.  It is packed with a 1 lb patty (60% brisket and 40% ground beef) and cooks down to about 12 oz, served with Rollin' Smoke's homemade tangy BBQ sauce, the usual vegetable fixings and some (lettuce, tomato, fried onions, scallions, and cheese) which not only made it physically big but the flavors complimented each other and resulted in a mean serving of burger that I can easily recommend to anyone not opposed to eating pork and beef.  For $2, you get a drink and choice of one side (bacon potato salad would be a good pick), and make your order a combo.  Currently there is also a Yelp Check-In promotion, where you get a complimentary dessert with your order.. . Rollin' Smoke BBQ, now my personal #1 one pound burger in LV.. . Decor:  3/5  No frills hole in the wall restaurant. You are here because you want good BBQ, not design ideas for your Texas ranch.. . Food:  4/5  Good BBQ made with passion and love.  They serve Blue Belle ice cream too (coworkers said it reminded them of the ice cream in the Philippines. I will take their words for it.). . Value:  4/5  Good for the wallet. I estimate that 65%+ of you will not be able to finish the Outlaw Burger, side + drink.. . Location:  5/5  Not far at all if you are visiting the Strip.  The cabbies will probably know it too, if not, it is just down the street from Sapphire. . . Parking:  5/5  It is practically all for Rollin' Smoke BBQ customers.. . Easily 4 stars!. . P.S.  If you stop by during lunch, I heard this is where some of them sirens get their lunch/breakfast before/after work. So I've heard.
Every day im hustlin...for some lip smackin good bbq!!. . So glad I found this place thanks to good 'ol trusty yelp here. Was craving some bbq late sat. night and saw that this places closes at 1:30am! Hollah! Its off of South Highland and if you're like me, I discerned the location to be close to Spearmint Rhino. When we got there looked a lil sketchy on the outside but saw that they had these huge smokers out in the parking lot. Walked in, the lady was really nice suggested some things. I got the ribs, 2 BIG A$$ ribs and a side of fried okra. THE BEST RIBS I'VE EVER HAD. Thats it. you can stop reading and go getchur grub on. I've never had ribs that meaty and juicy before and even the fried okra was fried to perfection. And it was all for $13!! please don't raise your prices Rollin Smoke! Apparently there was a rib eating contest that same day, bummed I missed it! So thankful to have found some southern bbq here in the city. No longer going to Famous Dave's!
Came here to try it out with my co-workers. I ordered The Trio plate with bacon potato salad as my side. Best $15 I spent!!!! The meat was so tender and soaked up all the BBQ sauce. Nothing was dry and everything was an orgasm in my mouth! Finger licking good! I will definitely be coming back!!!!
All you need to know:. . Peach cobbler is so good, it'll make u slap ur momma!. . Brisket is moist, juicy and melts in your mouth.. . Fried Okra is the best in town hands down.. . Catfish is properly seasoned, crispy on the outside and juicy and flaky on the inside.. . So we walked in on a Saturday night at around 11 or so and we were the only ones in there. So I will admit, I wasn't sure if the reviews were going to be right. I mean if this place was going to be as good as everyone said, then why isn't this place packed?. . But we sat down and the guy was friendly and down home. I love a southern gentleman, they win me over every time. He told me that they were out of the beef ribs but if I wanted to wait 45 minutes that they would be ready. So I didn't want to wait 45 minutes and went with a meat platter. I got the brisket and st Louis ribs and hot links. Already told you about the brisket, the ribs I enjoyed too. They were tender and smokey and very flavorful. If I am being honest, then I would probably pass on the hot link. I think they were just bbq'ed too long for me. . . So we got dessert with our yelp check in and I wasn't too sure that they would taste so good based on their appearance. We ordered banana pudding and peach cobbler. I would alone come for the peach cobbler but again, if I am being honest I would pass on the banana pudding.. . I love BBQ. It is just always so hard to find a good decent eats for BBQ in this town. But the quest for me has ended here. I rave about this place to everyone. . . The BBQ sauce here is amazing too. Sweet and Spicy. I tried to see if they bottled it and sold it but they don't. So instead they gave me a to go container for free.. . I can't wait to come back.
Here's the rundown regarding Rollin Smoke BBQ;. . 1.  Huge, I mean gigantic portions.  See pictures for yourself. 2.  No one can compete with their prices when it comes to BBQ.. 3.  Hole in the wall type restaurant, my favorite type . 4.  Great service. 5.  Conveniently located near my favorite type of clubs.  Joking...I think. . . When I first met Heather H, the first thing that came out of her mouth wasn't "Hi, nice to meet you".  It was "have you been to Rollin Smoke?, You have to go there ASAP".  Actually, she did say "hi", but Rollin Smoke stuck in my head.  If you don't know Heather H, she's a well respected Yelper in the Las Vegas community.  And if Heather and her boyfriend love the food here, then it must be pretty damn good.  Read the reviews, rarely any complaints from anyone about Rollin Smoke. . . When I found out that we were having dinner at Rollin Smoke one Friday evening, guess who I reached out to?  Heather H of course.  I thought it was funny that while she responded to my questions, she was also on her way to Rollin Smoke for lunch.   She's a die hard for sure.  As for her suggestions, she suggested something she never had and the rest of the menu. I guess this means a Win Win situation for me. . . My Meal:. Chicken and Ribs Combo:  Read this closely.  Don't look at prices because it's deceiving. The portions are huge!!! Portions are so big, that I only was able to finish half my chicken and one rib.  I loved the chicken BBQ. It's cooked perfectly, chicken still tender (not dry), and the flavors poured out of it with every bite. As for the ribs, I only had one and thought it was just okay. I hate to admit that I've had better ribs elsewhere. But for the price, it was a great deal. . . Their mac and cheese is a must eat as well as their corn bread on steroids.  I finished the mac n cheese, but could only muster half my corn bread.  Both had a little kick to it.  Yes, even the corn bread had a kick to it. . . Service was pretty good too.  You need to order at the counter and the food is served to you.  Like most BBQ places, the food does take a little time to cook so be patient and enjoy your company. . . I ate a lot, Terri R ate a lot, and Chad S ate a lot. I guess that equals to all of us eating a lot.  $40 for 3 people to eat on a Friday night is not bad at all.  It's such a bargain here that you'll even be left with a few bills to hit the nearby clubs and make it rain.  . . Chicken and Ribs Combo (Rib Portion):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=GGZosl72mVr20EopFH0CCQ#JzVJa44kXIqmrTwzsB0Vog. . Chicken and Ribs Combo (Chicken Portion w/their Mac N Cheese):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=GGZosl72mVr20EopFH0CCQ#eBYim1tMqbyjwCSu_KomSA. . Corn Bread:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=GGZosl72mVr20EopFH0CCQ#KCz1AngCp_JfBfBADzCf_A
Got call from leader of asian persuasion pack Terri R about trying someplace new out and ALWAYS stay down for trying new spots in town. More so ones that fellow yelpers rave about. Not sure the last time had some good old fashion ribs. So excited too get down and dirty. Talk about epitome of Hole in the Wall. Industrial Rd not exactly the prettiest road in Vegas but great for gentlemen clubs. Anyway so for second thinking going too one only too pass it and then once did get too Rollin Smoke Barbeque look down the street shocker another one. Once you do get here the smell from the pits literally parked right outside in the parking lot (I have no idea when they start but assume in the morning) and them ribs block out everything. I think Hole in Wall places have so much personality and character ALL its own. . . Once get inside the menu is fairly small but they do have chalkboard with their daily specials. You go up too the cashier too order then they bring the food out too you. You sit wherever you like or have room. They have two room adjacent too one another and other room talk about personality on the walls with the art. How can you not love the boars head or pig head looking over the restaurant from one corner? They do still T-shirts that like the logo but next time go getone of kind T-shirt. . . I decided too get The Trio plate. What better way too try little of everything or get my meat in. They out of the hot link so got double order of the pork. My sides went with the mac and cheese. I also ordered side of The Kickin Baked Bean. The pork was excellent! I could easily see myself tearing up pull pork sandwich. Guess is one of there more popular items. The ribs were solid little bit different style then the ones more use too but still solid. Wish could tell you about the hot links but save that for another review. The sides the mac and cheese was really good. It not cheesy cheesy but not runny also so had nice balance. The Kickin Baked Beans now that am FAN. I enjoyed the pieces of pork or beef that in it. I really did have nice little kick spice level too them. Even though it small menu fell like lot more thing for me too try.. . The prices talk about reasonable priced! Compare too some of the other franchise places this place is a steal. You get so much more personality and one of kind experience. Under $20 you can fill yourself up with any combination and still have enough for desserts. The service is awesome! Small business owners that sense the personnel touch all around. It small place so just make sure you beat the crowd cause the place can fill out quick. If never been Rollin Smoke Barbeque someplace check out or fill like mixing up one night. . . Thanks my partners Mel C and Terri R!!! You guys rock!!
The good: very good smokey taste, lots of meat, place was nice looking. . The OK: barbecue sauce wasn't the best, a little too spicy.. The bad: wished ordering was easier and faster.. The weird: what's up with the soda machine in the tiny room?. The funny: the cook delivering the food.
If you want plain and simple good old fashioned barbecue, this is the place to go. If you are looking for a fancy restaurant with candlelight and flowers all over the tables, wrong place! This locale is for people "who know what barbecue is really about." If you have visited the South or lived there, you know exactly what I'm talking about!. . The portions are very generous, so pace yourself and if you order their southern style fries, you will need a few orders because they are made fresh and are just delicious!! Spicy and crunchy. Would definitely go back, but make sure you invite people who appreciate smoked meat so they won't complaint about the appearances of the locale. :)
Burger was awesome.. can't wait to go back and try the brisket
Right in the curve go too fast and you'll miss it....you order first and they bring it to you....ok I had the bbq sundae omg it was great all the wonderful flavors just melted in my mouth....it comes in about a 24 oz cup clear so you can see the layers I chose brisket add my meat oh my my....bottom is potatoe salad it had jalapenos and u think bacon then beans with links then brisket then top it all off with coleslaw can't beat that for $8. My bf food was a little cold so free banana pudding!!!
IT AIN'T LOVE BUT IT AIN'T BAD!. . First the disclaimer: I am from Texas and believe as fervently as any fanatic that the world's finest BBQ is produced in Central Texas and the sauce should always be served on the side. That said, I am not in Central Texas now and Rollin Smoke is real BBQ for sure.. . I have eaten here three times and was satisfied every time, The pork shoulder is mighty fine, brisket real good too, however the ribs have been a little dry both times I ordered them. Maybe I just played unlucky and ordered them at the wrong time. I like their sauce quite a lot, it's tart, not too thick and spicy enough that one is not tempted to overdo it.. . I called at 8:40 PM last night, although they were closed Chef Tim was gracious enough to let me pick up 2 lbs, of sliced brisket after hours. The brisket was excellent, juicy with a very dark crust and just enough fat. Had just received a selection of sauces from Franklin BBQ in Austin,TX; favorite of Texas cult BBQ and uber hip Austinites, wanted to do a taste test immediately.. . I cannot believe that I drove by this place for 6 months before I stopped, such is the sad state of BBQ (and Mexican Food) in Las Vegas. I expect to be disappointed so I postpone it as long as possible. My advice is don't wait another day, go now.
After reading Misti's review we couldn't wait to try Rollin Smoke! The waif of smoky goodness starts to hit about a 1/4 mile from the parking lot, which btw looks pretty barren, except for the sign that mentions YELP and you know you are in the right place.. . Simple, reasonable and downright southern style bbq, all was awesome. Staff was super friendly and educated us newbies. Had the sampler of pork, hot link and brisket.... mmmm mmmm good. The jalapeno chipolte laced slaw as well as the hot link sausage weregreat and packed some substantial heat. Hubby has the rib sampler plate and couldn't finish it was so loaded. . . Just an old fashioned joint, order, come as you are and sit yourself down place to eat some great Q.
For LV this is a 4 star joint, as for the midwest, east coast, and south this is a 3 1/2 star. To become a 4 star elswhere I need a little more flavor and moist ribs. As a previous reviewer stated the pork ribs were a little dry. great beans, warning to light hearted these are spicy with a touch of jalapena, beef rib is moist tender and meaty. Ribs have just the right amount of mesq/hick smoke. Rib portions are proper, can stand alone w/o sauce, and well priced (avg $2.00 per bone). Not a fan of the potato salad to much mayo, not enough sugar and mustard. Bacon added to the potato salad is alright. If the ribs were taken off the grill 10mins earlier and just a little extra rub added before and after cooking, I would rate 5 stars LV and everwhere else. This place is a gem, lets see what happens.
Solid barbeque establishment that is worth trying out.. . The brisket and pulled pork are decent but when at the Rollin Smoke Barbeque you will definitely want to order their ribs.. . Their pork baby back ribs has an excellent smoky flavor to it and the meat is very tender. It isn't quite fall off the bone but nonetheless it is very tasty. The prices aren't too bad either and the quality of the food puts it above Famous Dave's.. The baked bean sides is about average but the macaroni and cheese is quite creamy and smooth. The noodles they use for it is different and the cheese isn't as sharp. It's more of a mellow flavor. The macaroni and cheese isn't bad, it is simply different.. . The portions unfortunately aren't large for a two meat combo.. . The service here is excellent with a friendly staff that is attentive and kind.. The decor here also is neat as it represents the hole-in-the-wall kind of grimy joint.. . I would eat here again.
A delicious BBQ place, the portion is definitely worth the price. We had the trio plate which came with 3 choices of meat, 1 side, and a drink for $13. We chose the brisket, pork, and pork ribs. It came smothered in their BBQ sauce, which is slightly tangy and spicy. The pork ribs is the best out of the three...moist and tender; the meat literally falls off the bone. The brisket was a bit dry and the pulled pork was ok, just cover them in BBQ sauce and it'll be fine. . . As for the sides, the mac and cheese was super cheesy, and the coleslaw has a spicy kick to it. The coleslaw helps give a taste variety to the richness of the meats. Definitely worth coming back the next time I'm in Vegas.
Wow 3 smokers in the parking lot. Hard to add any more Kudos to previous reviews. Arrived  around 12 noon and lunch was in full swing. There were 4 people ahead of us in the order line. Had to wait a little while as only one person was taking orders. (Not a complaint just a comment)  The order taker was friendly and conscientious. He would repeat the order back to you after entering it into the system.The entire time we were there the order line never had fewer than 3 people. . Food is delivered to the table by calling out your name to determine where you were seated. The tables that were mentioned in another review have been replaced with ones that have clean stainless steel tops.. . The following items were all excellent with the right amount of smoke.. Pulled Pork, juicy with just the right amount of sauce.. Sliced Brisket was fork tender. . Ribs perfect fall of the bone.. Several delicious sides. Jalapeno cole slaw, pinto beans.. Sorry no room for dessert. Maybe next time. . These folks are doing some fine BBQ. They could be serious contenders at Memphis in May if they choose to compete. . Keep on Smokin!!
Surprisingly good BBQ in the oddest of strip malls. We missed it the first time around, it's by a Diamonds Cabaret Strip club and when we pulled in the store front is dark so it looks even closed. You'll see large BBQ smokers in the parkinglot so you know you're in the right place. It's open late-ish during the week, and 1:30 am during Fridays and Saturdays! . . Bobby, Misti, and Mamie said something about grabbing some food to eat here after a UYE and somehow it struck a cord with everyone that BBQ sounds amazing and talk was rumbling about hunger that the rest of us decided to sort've crash on their idea. . . The BF and I shared two dishes, made both a combo (drink and 1 side) -. . Smoked meatloaf  was awesome. The BF says one of the best he's had. It's definitely great flavor and is a different style of meatloaf being smoked, then basted in some of the sauce and topped with crispy onion rings. It was on a bed of pretty good red skin mashed potatoes. If you love meatloaf, this is something to try. . . Beef ribs are normally something we skip over, but seeing as they looked good and people were actually saying they were quality I decided we should give it a go. It was meaty, juicy and tender which is rarely achieved. I have to compare it to my holy grail of Phils in SD, and while it doesn't have that cracktastic crisp outside to moist (haha CHRISTIE O. ) inside, the quality is definitely there and satisfies that want for a good beef rib. So many places don't even serve it, just because of how hard it is to cook right. These were solid. . . Our sides were also solid. The baked BBQ beans had pulled pork pieces in it and was very good and hearty. Potato salad is the red skin potato style mayo (no mustard) style and had crispy bacon bits and green onions on top. I like all kinds of potato salad and this was good.There was a little bread piece on the basket which was kinda stale and dry which was the only hiccup.  They have one kind of BBQ sauce and it's on the zesty and a tad spicy side which I enjoyed it a lot. . . I really wanted to try a dessert, but we already had the major meat "itis". Maybe one day I will come back and eat something "lighter", you know, like a sandwich chaulk full of meat. . . It's a order up type of place at the counter and serve yourself drinks out of the beverage closet (it'll make sense once you're there). The staff was friendly and made sure to check on us. . .  Apparently the owners are Arkansas folks and while that is a "fringe" state that normally people don't think about slanggin' the 'que, it takes on influence from the best ideas of the rivalry states, really.. .  I definitely think even from this first visit, this place raises the bar on BBQ offerings in this town. We will be back, probably really soon.
I lived in North Carolina for 12 years, so I'm picky about my barbeque. When I heard about Rollin Smoke, I knew I had to give it a try.. . The food here went above and beyond what I ever could have expected from BBQ in Vegas. The location is off the beaten path, but once you find it you truly feel like you've found a hidden gem. . . I'm not usually big on okra, but the fried okra here was perhaps the best I've ever had. And like I said, I lived in the South for 12 years.. . This is a great place to grab a low-price, good quality meal in Vegas. If you're a tourist, like I am, and you have a rental car, it's well worth the trip for a tasty meal at an awesome price.
A bit hard to find, but worth the chase for sure! Great sides and links. Sold out of brisket that's gotta be a good sign.
Best pulled pork in Vegas!. . You know you're in the right place when you smell the hickory in the air from the smokers in the parking lot. And prepare to fight for parking during the lunch rush. I went to Rollin Smoke days after returning from Lockhart, TX. I went not expecting to be impressed, but the pulled pork wowed me. It's usually something I prefer to make at home because it's not often I like it out. But this is tender, succulent and well smoked. The brisket was less impressive, I found it dry. I'd try it again when the sweet taste of central Texas wasn't so fresh. I might like it better. The combo I ordered also came with a dry burnt bun and I selected the mac & cheese for a side. It was pretty good, but I do prefer a creamier version.. . My brother joined me for lunch, he had the baked potato topped with cheese and brisket. His order came out with pulled pork instead. No worries since it was a winner.. . This was my first run in with Arkansas BBQ, they definitely make a great pulled pork. The jury is still out on the rest of menu. Must eat more to decide. The staff is super friendly and they're open late on the weekend.
This place is down the street from my office. Glad to have delicious BBQ so close. Highly recommend ordering via phone, in advance or going in before 11am, this place can get super busy for lunch. . . Delicious! I love the brisket! Very tender. I've heard the beef ribs are great, but so far haven't been able to steer myself away from the brisket. I wasn't over impressed with the mac and cheese, but so far everything else has been great. The potato salad  and mashed potato both have bacon in it, so I haven't tried them (I don't eat pork... I know the horror!!). . The girls in my office rave about the piggy fries, but I usually get it with brisket and/or over a baked potato or the waffle fries. Either way it's absolutely huge and could easily feed two people. Beware after you finish it you will be ready for a nap!! . . Note: I really like the Unsweetend Ice tea... and I also keep meaning to try my free with check in banana pudding, but haven't yet. . . A few weeks ago I tried one of the specials from the board: Cheesy chicken and Jalapeno sandwich. It was delicious. Cut up pieces of chicken and sliced jalapenos drenched in creamy cheesy sauce. There was nothing healthy about it, but it tasted great.
Friday night... fridge has left overs but doesn't sound that great after over a 9 hour day of work... Pho? nah... Burger again?.. ehhh.. Ohh yes BBQ!.     .      ohh my goodness. The carnivore bug.. bit my neck; visions of falling off the bone goodness, sauces, and messy fingers! I just had to try out Rollin Smoke Barbecue!. .    Located behind fashion show mall, near all the "adult" stores.. a little shack... other people drive up ; 3 guys and a girl in another vehicle pull up and order before us in line.. Too bad these male law students can't pay for the girl.. she ordered last.. I was like " Why are they not pitching in for a lady to eat at a BBQ!?"  i guess they are all on "friend status" only...... .    Special of the Day: Beef tips, with two sides and a drink for $13.00.. I got the LAST order. the gentleman i ordered from, w/ braids/dreads(dirty blond) was so nice and had the best hospitality.. it was so refreshing. . .     I want to try some chicken and pig.. so the Half Chicken and Half Spare Ribs was in order.... Mention a Check-in on Yelp and they will gladly honor a free dessert.. I asked" What's the best to get?"  the Braided gentleman in his accent.. "the Banana one".. i said "let's go for it!". .    At last the food arrived and it easily feeds for 6. but my bf and I could finish these trays of food in two sitting!  wow, THe food here is just so different.. Smoky and not too sweet but the beef tip and ribs had a special zing... not too spicy. i just say .. ZING" is the word and i liked it!. . We chowed down.. even the loaded potato salad and chipotle Cole slaw was a nice accompaniment to the hearty meat. . . Dessert! ohh my goodness real ripe banana and the pudding with the vanilla wafers and spray of whipped cream! i want one right now ! soo indulgent that i almost had a big "O" ..no i didn't but it made me think .. How much time did they really make this banana goodness in a cup?. was it just jello instant banana pudding and i'm just having a taste bud trip? . . So... is it worth going to the Rollin? Yes! Go.and make sure to utilize the roll of paper towels on the table and don't get upset that your clothes smell like a Smoky BBQ plate!
Purpose of visit: looking for an early lunch after a heavy night of drinking. We received a great recommendation from a family visiting from Hawaii. They had already eaten there twice going there right when they open at 10am. We decided to check it out since they raved about the place. We ordered the sandwich platter and some ribs. Owner made an exception and gave us 1/2 brisket and 1/2 pulled pork. Homemeade BBQ sauce was sweet and tangy, the brisket was moist and very tender. Tasted great with some coleslaw on a pun. Pulled pork was a little dry but tasted fine. The ribs melted off the bone and were extremely flavorful. Perfect place to get some local food at a very good price. Owner was very nice and made sure our experience was good. Definitely a repeat place.
Lets start with the food. Holy god, it's good. Damn good. The sides are generous and filling, the pulled pork is very satisfying. The hot links are cut and oozing flavor. You get a free dessert if you use yelp too so that's a plus. I also ordered the outlaw burger and was warned it takes about 15 minutes to make. I was okay with that until 35 minutes later it still had not come. The burger was amazing and I had only ordered a 1/2 pound of pulled pork and received well over a pound (I assume it was for the wait)  I ordered for two people and my name was the same as another patron so I'm assuming there was some confusion there. Which brings me to the only reason I give 4 stars instead of 5. The ordering and service wasn't great, but It wasn't bad either and the food more than made up for it.
I stopped here on my way home from work, after several coworkers RECOMMENDED I TRY IT.. I got the sandwich platter. You get 2 lbs of meat either one meat or two. I ordered the brisket and the pulled pork. Meal also comes with 2 sides and enough rolls for 4 sandwiches. We ordered the kickin beans and the Mac-n-Cheese. The brisket was not what I expected it was chopped very fine which is good I guess for sandwiches. ( I hope it is not that way in a meal). Pulled pork was excellent and the sauce was good with just right amount of spice. The Beans were a bit too peppery for my tastes but some may enjoy it. Mac-n-Cheese was marginal but not crazy good also heavy use of pepper. Great filling meal, great taste overall. Will go back to try more menu items.
Rough looking neighborhood, odd order taking arrangement, side order mix-ups but tasty BBQ, "homey" hospitality and lower prices makes this a real find. Far from classy but some of the best ribs, chicken, fried okra and kick'in beans a person can eat!
Nice place.  Friendly.  Made me feel at home and seems to be family oriented.  I ordered the AYCE!  Big mistake,not because it was not delicious, but because it was way too much food.  I started with beef rib, pork ribs, hotlink, mac n cheese,greens, and somehow they threw a piece of fried catfish on my plate too.  Everything was awesome, especially the beef rib, very meaty and smokey.. The only problem was that the link was not very hot both in heat and spice. I also had the fried shrimp and hushpuppies (I asked them to half the normal order for me cuz I was so full,  they said no problem). I finished with sweet potato pie and carmel cake. ohhh and i even asked them for a glass of milk to wash it down.  Not bad, not bad all!
First time here today for lunch and was thrilled to smell the smoke when we got out of our car heading into the restaurant. I ordered the trio with pulled pork,brisket, and chicken with sides of potato salad and Mac and cheese. Hubby had the pit master plate with the same meats but also had ribs. He ordered the coleslaw and hush puppies.  We both agreed the pork was our favorite. Very tender and a little fatty but that just enhances the flavor. . . My favorite side was the potato salad. Creamy and flecked with bits of bacon and green onion. Very tasty. Coleslaw was good too. Hushpuppies were very good also with bits of onion inside. The corn bread was sweet and super delicious!. . The service was fast and our cashier/food server was friendly.  Will go back and try the baby back ribs next time.
This place is a little off the beaten path, but it's always the hidden gems that deliver the most delicious dishes. There were so many choices on the menu, my head was spinning. So my husband and I decided to go with the pit special so we could try as many meats and sides as possible. I'm just going to sayyou can't go wrong with any of the BBQ fare. The ribs, brisket, pulled pork, hot links- all amazing! The hot links were nice and spicy and all the other meat was super tender and delectable. . The beans were a great side- thick and chunky with big pieces of pork mixed throughout. Yum yum. The potato salad had crispy pieces of bacon on top which launched it into a new level of awesome-ness. The fried okra was perfectly breaded and fried. No extra salt required. The mac and cheese just seemed like a dud next to all the other sides, so I'd skip that one if possible.. As for the dessert- the peach cobbler was too much peach and not enough cobbler. You could tell that they used a canned peach to make it and it was just not doing it for me. The peach cobbler wasn't the best, but maybe i'll try the banana pudding next time.
The only TRUE BBQ available in Las Vegas. I have eaten BBQ (true, smoked BBQ) all over TX and Kansas City and have tried all kinds of places here in LV but this IS legit!! Excellent dry rub and smoked to perfection. The brisket and baby backs are my favorite. The baby backs are melty tender in the middle and nice and jerky like on the ends.  The brisket is comparable to Rudy's and Blacks BBQ in TX - some of the best I've had. SUPER nice folks and a family run business. Location kinda sucks but it just adds to the true BBQ ambiance. (Ha Ha!)
Great off the beaten path place. Clean restaurant, awesome BBQ. The pictures say it all.
very good bbq.  when you walk in you can smell the smokey flavor.  wide variety on the menu at a reasonable price all entrees include a side and a drink.  i had the rib plate with 3 baby backs 2 spares and 1 beef rib with the mac and cheese.  i was very hungry when i walked in and couldn`t finish it the beef rib was hugh and tender mac and cheese was good.  my friend had the pit master special 4 meats 3 sides brisket was a little dry but still tasty we left very full and happy.  i will return!!!
I see a ton of 5 stars for Rollin Smoke and I can understand why.  I'd give 4.5 for the family atmosphere and the food.  . . The brisket was extremely well done and the pulled pork tasted amazing, unfortunately the ribs were a little on the dry side but the sauce they have made up for it.. . When we visited here this weekend the owner's mom was there and she was such a sweat heart.  I almost feel bad giving 4 stars just because of her.  . . The place itself isn't much to look at and the location is definitely off the beaten path.  . . Rollin Smoke is at least worth a trip to give it a try, personally I don't "crave" BBQ all that often and usually Famous Dave's or Lucille's will do the job if I do.  Overall tho, good food, worth a trip to try once, but don't think I'll go out of my way to try again.
This is the best BBQ I've ever had in Vegas and the food is a solid 5!   The 4 is actually a 4.5 (unfortunately Yelp doesn't offer that option) because I rate my dining experience on food, atmosphere and service. My few niggles to follow later.. . If anyone is hesitant about the area,  don't be.  You can smell the smoky goodness down the block and it will draw you in like the crack den of BBQ that it is.. . This is a family run hole in the wall and the plastic cutlery atmosphere suits it.  We sat in the mural covered back room, our first hint that the owners hailed from Arkansas.  We didn't even know that Arkansas "did" BBQ, my who knew concerning that state began and ended with the now Vegan Bill Clinton; little did I suspect that I would be in for a presidential Q.. . We arrived around 3:00, as they close at 8:30 PM Monday-Thursday and made our way to the back room before we placed our order at the podium in the front room.  And here comes a niggle-most of the tables were not wiped down and nor would they be for some time after we arrived.  I don't mind lolling around in my own juicy, fat and Q juice runoff, but I'm not a fan of cleaning up someone else's.  Niggle two was a less than pristine bathroom.  I'm hoping that all this was due to the time of day, more than a recurrent daylong drawback.. . We both ordered the $24.95 all you can eat, so we could sample a greater number of things and graze off of each other's plates.  We placed our order with John (one of the owners) I was trying to gauge the amount of food that we would be getting and he thought my beef rib order would be a bit too much, but I let him know I was a good little eater.  I may be short, but I do have some amazing chow down capacity.. . We then prepared ourselves for a leisurely wait, eagerly sniffing in the smoke fumes.  There were only two diners in our room, and one of them decided to share his phone Gangsta Rap at mega-volume, I stopped sniffing at the air and unleashed a very annoyed and loud "REALLY!?!?!" but it wasn't until his food arrived (fortunately quickly) that this rude dipshit lowered his personal jukebox.. . Then our meal arrived and the gluttonous food orgy began.  For sides we had the corn bread, fried onion straws, greens, corn nuggets-all contenders for a pure outstanding deliciousness award, some tasty curly fries and a ok roll.  For meats we had pulled pork, hot links, beef ribs, pork ribs, rib tips-all perfectly smoked and overwhelmingly delectable.  The chicken and brisket were good and the sauce was nicely spiced not too sweet. We ate till it hurt; leaving the final stretch of mass stomach expansion for dessert, a tasty berry cobbler and banana pudding.. . Halfway through my cobbler I hit my max and gave up.  If we could have lolled around and napped we might have been able to finish, or explode.  I stopped short of saving a well picked bone to save and use as a Pebbles Flintstone hair clip just so I could savor that smoky goodness for the rest of the day.. . Big kudos to John and his family for taking the chance on this business.  We loved their attentive service, hospitality.  We will be back once we recover from the meat sweats and BBQ hangover!
I love when Yelp steers me in the right direction. I am not a BBQ connoisseur or really even a BBQ fan, but I had family in town and we wanted to try some place new. . . It was a little difficult to find, but I had driven by Rollin Smoke while I was in the area on a previous occasion so knew generally where it was located. We had initially attempted to go to Peppermill, but the wait was longer than we were willing to eat, so I made the executive decision to try Rollin Smoke. It's in a pretty inconspicuous location, so keep your eyes peeled. . . The restaurant was much larger and nicer looking than I had expected. Roomy, with plenty of seating, even booths which I always prefer, and very clean. You order at the podium and they bring your food out to you. Since there was a free dessert with Yelp check-in offer, I took advantage of this and ordered the pulled piggy sandwich with jalapeno coleslaw and peach cobbler. Our food came out quickly and everything smelled and tasted great! The meat was pretty good. I'm no expert, but I enjoyed my pulled pork quite a bit. The coleslaw was spicy and tasted pretty good. The cobbler was great too, but I would ask for no whipped cream next time. My family all love their meals as well. Some of the sides were hit or miss, but some of our favorites were the corn nuggets and coleslaw. The mac n cheese was ok, but I'd have to order it again to see if I like it better next time. . . Their menu is quite extensive and they have so many great options that I look forward to exploring on our next visit. Overall, the experience was great and if they were in a more convenient location I could see myself coming here much more often. They have an all you can eat option for $25. I don't think I could handle it, but it seems like a pretty good deal. They also have family packs available for large parties, which is great.
Being from Texas, this city is seriously lacking good BBQ places, until now. Weird location but the inside was nice looking and comfortable. Everything was solid and I have my eye on the All you can eat option for next time. Do I dare?
They have all you can eat for 25 bucks. Its a good deal if you can eat a lot. My favorite meat was tue brisket and beef ribs.
I am not a huge fan of fish/sea food. However, I tried there mahi mahi and it was DELICIOUS!!! Definitely will be back ;-)
Small Hidden place in the industrial section, but was a good find.. I've tried other BBQ places in Las Vegas and Los Angeles and Rollin smoke is up there with the other good ones. I had pulled pork/Brisket which was really tender, juicy and sauce wasn't too overpowering. I looked to my left and saw a monster -  the "Outlaw Burger" which looked like a burger on steroids. IT was stacked high with onion rings and brisket or pork (I forgot) and fat meat patty. You gotta see this. I asked the guys after they ate it and said" its amazing". Good food, good prices, good to eat with friends but kinda limited in spaces but open til like 1AM. I will surely go back...
I liked this place overall. Hole in the wall but good. The ribs were so so so good. Barbq sauce was good. Mac n chez was my favorite almost taste like powdered cheese. Peach cobbler was OK. Cole slaw and fries were good
I thought this place lived up to the hype and enjoyed meeting the owner, Lee and he's a really nice guy. I ordered the all you can eat deal for $25 and tried the pulled pork, brisket, sausage and ribs. For my sides, I had the beans, jalapeno coleslaw and collareds. However, the server had two faux pas by forgetting to bring out the greens and they gaved me St. Louis Ribs instead of baby back ribs so Lee went int he back and brought me out the baby back ribs and a beef rib and it was quite meaty. The ice tea was so so and the sweet tea did not have much sweetness either but guess it's better for my teeth! They had some football on the flat screen TV which is a must in September and the joint is nothing fancy but the bbq is definitely worth the trip and I was starving since I just arrived from the East Coast on an empty palate. I'll definitely make a return trip to this joint when I return in January and love the smoke smell whe you enter the restaurant. This place definitely puts Memphis BBQ to shame!
I went here yesterday with my friends for the first time. The menu has such an extensive array of meats, sides, desserts, and even seafood options that we must've stared at it for 5 minutes. I ended up using the Yelp check-in offer after I found out that I can get a dessert with any "sandwich" - including the outstanding Outlaw Burger.. . I got to nibble on a few of my friends' items while sitting out the 15 min burger wait time. The beef rib was really good. I just might get a slab of those next time. The jalapeno coleslaw was also nice, but maybe a bit spicy for my delicate (read: wimpy) tongue.. . I've had a few burgers around town, and the Outlaw Burger is definitely up there. It's piled high with all kinds of goodies, including a surprise shrimp or two! They grind up their brisket into it, and while there's no trace of pink inside, it's still surprisingly tender and not dry. I did have some issues with huge chunks of meat falling out of the burger and into my tray, so I wish they would have made a more cohesive patty. Still, it was ridiculously good and something I would order again and again.. . I probably should have gone the traditional route and picked fries as the side in my combo, but I wanted to try the bacon potato salad. It definitely felt homemade and wasn't as oily as some renditions are. However, I didn't think the cold temperature worked very well with my hot burger, and I imagine all the other meats are hot as well.. . My visit wasn't a perfect experience. The biggest issue was that they told me they'd bring my peach cobbler out later on and they simply didn't do it. I take a while to enjoy my food, and I still had to walk back to the front podium afterward to remind them. But when I finally did get the cobbler, I was in heaven. It's a heavy, assertive dessert, and the portion is easily worth the $2.50 to tack onto your non-sandwich.. . My clothes still smell like smoke today. In a very good way. Bring your friends and family, take your cholesterol pills, and hang on for the ride. This BBQ joint definitely lives up to the hype.
This is what I've been looking for a good BBQ place that when you walk in you can smell the smoke. You know there not joking here I had the pulled pork sand and yams. The sauce has a nice bite to it and the pork is cooked to perfection, to add they don't kill it with a big piece of bread for the sandwich it's just the right size. Nice and clean and the price is fair
Looks dodgy from the outside, but is absolutely amazing. Some of the best ribs I ever had, and really cheap. Perfect meeting place to go to with family and friends, very easy going atmosphere. This definitely was one of the highlights of my stay in Las Vegas!
Definitely love the beef ribs here. The second time I went, the beef rib wasn't as big as the first time I had them, but it was still a hearty rib. The baby backs and spare ribs are both delicious. The spicy BBQ sauce is awesome. This is my go-to spot for BBQ. I'll have to try the outlaw burger sometime, but with ribs this good how can I stop myself from ordering a big rib platter???
**Summary**.        - AYCE - They have a $25 AYCE, anything on the menu deal. I'd suggest people doing this so you can try a little of everything..        - Authentic BBQ - Walking in, you can smell this place knows how to BBQ. They have smokers in the back. That's how you know they're the real deal..        - Hole in the Wall - The location is located on Highland Drive. Yep, it's the same seedy highland drive with all the strip joints.. **Ordered**.        - Pulled Pork - I've had a lot of pulled pork in my day, but nothing as tender and mouth watering as this. It's a must order..        - Brisket - Not like the dry briskets you'll get elsewhere. Their brisket is tender and flavorful..        - Beef Rib, Baby Back - Very meaty. Like I mean, TONS of meat on this bone. However, it's not really fall off the bone..        - Baby Back and Spare Ribs - The flavor of their rub and BBQ sauce is delicious, but the meat wasn't too tender..        - Catfish - Deep fried to perfection, but lacking in spices I'd say..        - Bacon Potato Salad - If you like potato salad, adding sweet sweet bacon to it is a no brainer..        - Corn Bread - Moist and hot out of the oven. You can't go wrong with corn bread.. . **Recommendations**.        - I'd recommend this place if you like BBQ. The brisket and pulled pork were my favorites.
So Rollin' Smoke has been bookmarked for a good 6 months prior to our visit. Imagine the expectations that build up in 6 months; I already knew what I was going to have.. . Pulled Pork Sandwich combo: I was pressured to get hush puppies, which were good for hush puppies (they have a little zing/spice to them from the jalapeno they mix in which made them better than average). As far as the pulled pork, it was some of the best I've had (although fattier than what I've had recently) however the bun it was served on left much to be desired. It was a hoagie type roll with sesame seeds, so the pork was trying to soak through the seem. Thankfully the sandwich didn't last long enough forme to make a huge mess of it. . . Meat Duo: brisket and pulled pork. Jason said he's had better brisket, and prefers Memphis (cause he's a square!) but the pulled pork was good. . . Check in dessert: Butterfinger Bread Pudding: it was tasty, good texture for a bread pudding- I would probably order a regular bread pudding if they were on special when we come back.. . We both really liked the sauces they offer on the table (we tried the spicy and sweet sauces) and the service was friendly. They were definitely happy to have gained our business and made sure we really enjoyed our food. . . We'll be back.
The other reviews have covered it pretty well. What's really great here is not just wonderful smoked food, but the awesome prices. Get the Pitmaster Special combo, and you'll get 4 meats and 3 sides, with your choice from the 3 breads they make -- all for $20. There is enough food there for 3 adults, or eat some and take some home. Such a deal!  And there is no charge for extra plates. . . The owners run the place, and are always present. They are very friendly, and love to meet new patrons. We loved the meal and the staff so much, we came here a second time during our week in Las Vegas just to try more foods. We loved everything we tried. If they take a liking to you, they just might tell you about some items in the kitchen that are not on the menu. Ask about the bread pudding and sweet potato pie!. . What would give it 5 stars?  Esoteric things only. This business has not been in its current location for long. Hopefully they will continue to improve the seating and decor as they go along. . . Dusty, if you are reading this, Hello from California. We'll be back!
Being from Kansas City and having Arthur Bryants and Fiorella's Jacks Stack air shipped to me...I know just a tiny bit about BBQ. And BBQ in Vegas to date has left me seriously disappointed. But down in the gritty area across the railroad tracks from the Deja Vu strip club is this little BBQ joint named Rollin Smoke. From the outside it don't look like much. But step inside my friend...and things change. Just sniff. You'll know what's up. That ain't Sysco artificial smoke in a bottle that you'll get a good whiff of, it's the smell of someone who knows what the heck they're doing back in the back. . . Decor wise, it ain't all that. There's Arkansaw Razorbacks banners on the walls, lots of TV's showing ESPN, and two different rooms with various sized tables. Placing an order is easy from the menu being posted right outside the door to having another menu at the counter, other than getting stuck behind someone with a $100 order it was fast. . . Drinks...they have a basic fountain tucked into a small side room that was kinda awkward to get to...and tea. Not sweet tea, not anything special...just tea. I ordered 3 sliders off the lunch menu, 2 brisket, 1 chicken, with a side of beans. If a BBQ place sucks those 3 things plus the tea will tell you more than any of the Top 20 lists and other media crap on the walls ever will. . . Brisket: Cooked to perfection...but I got a lot of extra fat on one slider that disappointed me texture wise. Thankfully they put a big roll of brown paper towels on the table which made it easy to take care of that problem. And the 2nd brisket slider made me start thinking of KC which is another good sign. The chicken was borderline dry but really good. And the beans...well they are not the beans i love from KC, but there was none left when I was done. . . Overall: for those who have never been to any of the BBQ capitals of America a trip here will introduce you to the joy of good BBQ. But for those of us with a little more experience in such things, you leave thinking it's good, it's got mad potential to be more... but it's not great. I have to mention one other rule I have about good BBQ...if local law enforcement eats there, it's typically an indicator of a place worth your time. And I saw a LOT of LVMPD non-uniformed people in there. . . Overall: 4 Stars. I will gladly drive double the distance to skip Memphis Championship BBQ and bring people here. But as good as it is for local fare if I want to have someone try seriously good BBQ, I'll either make it myself or it's going to be air shipped in from Kansas City.
Pretty damned good.. . The old saying is that the best food comes from a "hole in the wall" which fits this place perfectly. The dining area(s) are small, but from what I could tell, most people were carrying their food to go anyway. Oh, and don't expect to find it on the strip... do some exploring and you'll find this place a little out-of-the-way.. . For a barbecue place, Rollin Smoke has a decent sized menu w/ some more odd options like the baked potato, or giant burgers not usually associated. Their sauce is really good with a nice kick, and spice that adds flavor to anything from ribs to their awesome fries.. . Try the sides. I love how they add spice by-way-of jalapenos to macaroni, and beans. . . Is it the best I've had? No, but its close.
I ended up here in an entrapment sort of situation that is a long story....but, man was I super glad. . I'm from Kentucky(Go, Big Blue!) and I"ve not had barbeque this good since....I lived there. The decor is just kitchy enough to add to the authenticity without being corny. . You place your order at the counter and then food is brought to you, so we didn't really have a waiter, but everyone was nice and I wasn't without anything that I needed. If you check in on Yelp you get a free dessert. I got Banana Pudding cause duh...and it did not disappoint.. I would give 4 stars but my booth had a hole/gargantuan dip in it so it was kind of like sitting on a porta potty. Get the other booth though and you will be set.
Had the pulled pork and hotlink. The pork was pretty good, as was the hot link.  Better than most places I have been but not the best.  Rollin Smoke BBQ is of the strip so if you are walking as I was expect about a 20 minute jaunt from the Wynn properties.  Their BBQ sauce is good but I would avoid their beans...
Yum, friendly, cheap. low key joint a bit off the strip (need wheels to get there).
As you enter, the pungent odor of the BBQ smoke greets your nose. Most of the customers seem to be local regulars who come for takeout. A few simple booths and a small dining room, walk up ordering, not fancy in the least but great BBQ. We had the sample platter for 4 plus a rack of St. Louis Ribs, sides of hushpuppies fried okra and greens. The okra was our favorite. The ribs were great, as was the pulled pork. The chicken was good but not outstanding. Give it a try for a totally off the strip authentic experience.
The barbecue was great but the side dishes need to bigger for Catering, like beans n Mac cheese.
Great food nice clean place! No real BBQ in Vegas and this place is it, let me tell you! Even got a chance to chat with the Owner and the PItmaster! They are both VERY proud of what they do and obviously use the best meats and veggies! FYI get the BBQ meatloaf! Friggin awesome!
I haven't written a review in a long time, but I felt compelled to after eating at this place last week.  I came across it on a whim (appointment in the area), and it's one of the best BBQ experiences I've had in recent memory.. . I chose the two-meat combo, beef brisket and pulled pork (the old favorites).  Waited about 15 minutes for the food during the busy lunch hour (there was a line out the door).  Both choices were tender and delicious.  I also overheard some people talking about the baby back ribs, so I'd like to try that my next visit in.. . My only complaint (minus a star) is the fact that they don't tell you that they put pickles and green onions as garnish on the plate.  Call me traditional, but I don't like it when vegetables "taint" my meat.  As soon as they touch the rest of the food, the flavor has been compromised.  So, if you're like me (no one is), save yourself some trouble and ask for "no greens."
this place was defenately worth the off the strip ride.
On our last visit to Las Vegas we decide to try Rollin Smoke BBQ.  We arrived at around 6PM and they were already out of brisket.  It is what I use as a benchmark for BBQ so I can only provide feedback based on what we had.  We opted for the Baby back ribs and the beef ribs.  Overall the food was great.  I would certainly recommend the beef ribs.  They were fantastic and meaty.  The service was prompt.  This is a dive so don't expect a fabulous setting, but we knew that going in.  The staff were very friendly and the place was packed.
I go to Texas at least once a year and always make it a point to eat some really good bbq because I could never find anything as good in Vegas....until now.
The Outlaw Burger is without question the best burger in town. 1/4 groundchuck and 4 Oz of brisket combine to make this one for the ages. I had a serious food coma ( otherwise known as the ITIS ) after the having this monster. I will certainly be having it again. Besides $24.99 for all you can eat (made to order) BBQ? How can you pass up the goodness here? You can't!!
