I'm always happy to find a local place in LV to have meals.  Sometimes being on the strip is just too congested and I crave some sense of normalcy... and buffets are just too much food and too expensive.. . Hence I visited the Egg & I.  And it was closed.  Computers Down. :(. . When I was finally able to return I looked through my newspaper style menu and was torn between the biscuits and gravy or a omelet.. . I tried the artichoke omelet and sub'd for some mushrooms.  I love the fetta cheese on top and the fresh tomatoes.  One thing that lacked... I couldn't taste the artichoke... and it could probably use more mushrooms.  It was a great idea however probably would taste better with bacon and mushrooms or ham or something to that effect... Something you can actually taste.  The potatoes were really good, home fries... and more of a fries taste since they had a TON of seasoning on it.  I would prefer less seasoning, and have a bottle to the side if you want more.. . Servers were very nice, there was a line of people waiting to be seated.  It was a good experience, I think I like Blueberry Hill more, but I wouldn't be opposed to returning here again.
This place is crackin' like an egg. Love the chile relleno omelet. So far this is my favorite breakfast spot in Vegas. Friendly staff. Quick & pleasant.. . Worth driving off the strip (Not too far). Opposite side of airport.
You can usually find md here on Sundays. Great food at a decent price. The only thing I would say to the owners and chefs is PLEASE lighten up on that super salty seasoning that you put on the fried potatoes. I definitely suggest this place to anyone who lives near here. I always leave stuffed.
Had a coupon so we broke from our usual habit of hitting our neighborhood Omelet House and tried this place.  It's a winner!  Comfortable restaurant, friendly staff and great service.  And, oh, the food is really really good.  Prices a bit high but quality and portions are excellent.  My wife had the cheddar cheese omelet....it looked so pretty you almost didn't want to eat it.   Light, cheesy and oh so good.  Banana nut muffin equally good.  I had the piggy skillet....layered with potatos, ham, sausage, bacon and cheese, with a couple eggs on top.  Delicious.
I came here for breakfast with a few people the other day. The restaurant was packed and we had to wait about 10-15 minutes. I ordered the corned beef hash which was homemade. Good flavor and lots of it! My niece really liked it and ended up eating about half of it. My niece actually ordered the waffle with bananas on top (strawberries were out of season). This girl can eat but is skinny as a stick. Kids! One of the other ladies had Portuguese sausage, rice and eggs. They give you a whole sausage and it's pretty big. Whoa now, I'm talking about food! The other lady had spam & eggs which she really liked. We all got the banana muffin with our meals. YUM! We had a good breakfast and may be back again when we're in Vegas.
We wanted to get off the LV strip and eat at a local place for breakfast so after reading the reviews I chose the Egg & I.. I was not disappointed as the food was fresh and the menu selection for breakfast was excellent. I ordered the veggie omelette and it was served with a huge portion of home fires. As others have commented the home fries are highly seasoned with seasoning salt so I enjoyed them. The veggie omelette had a generous amount of chopped veggies inside and they melt jack and cheddar cheese over the top. The meal is served with toast or their famous banana nut muffin and the muffin is light and packed with flavor. I was very hungry today but I left very full and satisfied. The prices are very reasonable and my breakfast inlcuding a drink came to a toal of $10.00. I will definitely be back on my next trip to LV.
Went to Vegas this past weekend. All I have to say is THANK YOU MY FELLOW YELPERS for giving this place decent reviews, for had it not been for you, I would have broken down and paid 30 or 40 bucks for brunch.  Because of you, I have now found my go to breakfast joint EVERY TIME I GO TO VEGAS.. . Let me start of by saying, if you are staying at the Stratosphere, this is the perfect place for you because its only about 3 miles away. Getting right into the joint, it's always a good sign when you step into a restaurant, and its jammed packed with patrons, and an even better sign when you can smell nothing but breakfast goodness as you pull into the parking lot.. . Wait time for our party of 9 was probably about an hour, but it was okay since 7 stragglers in my party were still packing back at their hotels. The coffee, was shite to be perfectly honest, but when you are nursing a hangover, brownie points are scored because they bring you the coffee in the carafe, almost one per coffee drinker, so you never have to look around for a waitress to refill your cup.. . I had the Brad's corned beef hash, and it was HEAVENLY! I recommend getting the half order because with their kick ass potatoes (cubed and superbly seasoned with season salt) and two eggs, it ends up being a hell of a lot of food, especially after eating their freshly baked banana nut muffin. MAJOR POINTS for the corned beef hash  being made from scratch. My wife had some kind of pork chile verde skillet, and she wasn't disappointed, and neither was my mother in law who ordered a spinach, cheese, onion and tomato scramble. Blueberry pancakes were a little off as they were extremely dense, but we'll see what happens next time we go.. . The biggest plus for this restaurant is the fact that their service is impeccable. I can honestly say that I wish every restaurant had service as awesome as Egg and I's. Their entire staff is friendly, attentive and make you feel like you were a regular customer! See you in May Egg and I!
I heard of this place through a friend of mine whose friend recommended it.  So what's the first thing I do?  Check it out on Yelp, of course!  . . Yes, there is a wait.  But like everyone says, the line goes really quickly and I think we were seated within 15-20 minutes, which is not bad considering it was a Saturday at peak brunch time.  . . I loved their newspaper style menus and all the great descriptions to help decide what to order.  First thing I have to mention is the banana nut muffin.  Yes, I know everyone mentions it but it is SO worth mentioning!  It's so moist and delicious, I actually now crave the darn thing!  . . I ordered a corned beef hash with eggs and instead of their potatoes, I ordered rice.  The corned beef hash was okay, I like mine on the crispier side but it was still good.  The eggs were cooked perfectly.  Not too many places can make the perfect over-medium where it's a little cooked but just enough runnyness to get some yolk without it spewing all over the plate like an over-easy.  I tried my girlfriend's potatoes and should've stuck with it.  It was almost like little bites of french fries.  SO delicious!  I'm definitely heading back there next chance I get to, until then, I shall see the banana nut muffin in my dreams...
My go to breakfast place!
This place gets really crowded, but it was well worth the wait.  I came here on a Sunday morning for breakfast before leaving Vegas.  I ordered the eggs Benedict, which was very delicious.  I loved the Cajun home fries that it came with.  Everything was very tasty.  My bf had the muffins and gravy which he loved.  I would definitely come back the next time I'm in town.
Everything is great but for some reason I just don't care for their coffee. HUGE servings that I usually had to save for lunch.
First time there. We had great eggs and stuffed French toast!
Found this great breakfast diner. I had the Country Benny. It's like Biscuits and Gravy on Steroids. Layered biscuits, sausage patties, eggs to your liking smothered in sausage gravy. Served with their great Ranch Potatoes. It's a killer meal. Try it out for yourself. You won't be disappointed.
This is the quintessential breakfast spot. I got the corned beef & hash with eggs. & of course the banana nut muffin. Simply perfect. The place is clean & inviting. Perfect for a couple. I was alone. Maybe next time.
I ordered the corned beef hash with the banana nut muffin. I've been hearing about how great their banana nut muffin and it truly does live up to the hype. It was light and fluffy and the banana flavor was subtle. . . The corned beef hash comes with ranch potatoes (think Tommys style fries with that red seasoning only diced up), eggs, and a side of watermelon and pineapple. The hash was served under scrambled eggs in a skillet. The ranch potatoes were crisp and flavorful. I just wish the hash was a bit crispier. Since the hash was made with a mixture of potatoes, the texture remained soft and did not create any contrast with the scrambled eggs. It had good flavor though. . . Lastly, the customer service is top notch. All the waitresses were happy to help and near the end of brunch, the owner/manager came over just to chit chat, which I appreciated.
I had a great dining experience at Egg & I. The server was quite friendly and attentive. This is a great place to have breakfast at an affordable price. I had the vegetarian skillet and added some bacon (I know...crazy). The dish was quite tasty. And it's true what everyone says about the banana muffins. They are to die for!!
Love Egg and I. We needed a pick-me-up after a bad doctors office visit. Took 2 hours for 2 mins of doc attention so we were pretty annoyed. This lifted our spirits, because we both love breakfast foods. We drove a few miles to go to Egg and I simply because I wanted to try it based on the great Yelp reviews.. We were not disappointed. Everything was great for my first time ever eating here.. We walked in at 1215 and were immediately seated on a Thursday lunch hour. There were plenty of tables inside and out, and since it was a sunny calm day we decided it'd be nice to get out and get a little sun after being stuck in the doc office.. I went with the "This Little Piggy" omelet and it was just the way I like it. Lots of egg, lots of cheese, and plenty of meats. It comes with chopped up bacon, chopped up sausage, and chopped up chunks of ham, folded in half and smothered with about a half pound of cheese!!!! Also comes with the country potatoes which I was expecting to be orgasmic based on reviews, but let me down just a little bit. Don't get me wrong they were really good, but maybe my batch just wasn't quite cooked long enough and they were a little softer than I like em. Also I got the banana nut muffin with my meal, (this thing WAS OUT-friggen-STANDING) and she brought it out before the meal, which I thought to be a little strange. But i was really hungry so it was just fine with me.. My honey got a breakfast burrito and she said it was really good, looked to me like it had a ton of peppers, which isn't my favorite thing in the world, but she enjoyed it. Had to take half of it home because she couldn't finish it all, this thing was pretty big and also came with the country potatoes.. This was a great breakfast experience and can understand how this place can get pretty busy at times. We were very happy with the food and mostly happy with the service, she was just a little slow a couple times and we were only there for about 45 minutes. i.e. forgot to get a sprite, and never really came back to ask us if we needed anything after our food was brought out and if it was cooked ok. After she brought the check we decided to get a refill to go since the sprite was $2.50 and brought late and we waited for a few minutes to see her but never did. In the end it worked out, when we paid we asked the cashier if she could help us in getting the to-go refill and she politely went and took care of that for us with a smile. :). Thanks Egg and I, we will be back for sure!
I  Love a good breakfast!!! My BF had read a few great reviews about the Egg and I recently and suggested we try it after sitting in out DR. office appt. for 2 hours; needless to say it made us hungry.  The day was warm and not too windy so we opted to sit outside on the patio.  Nothing impressive but it did just fine.  The newspaper style menu was fun and different.  Right away I saw about 6 items I would like to try.  As did my hungry man.  I finally decided on the breakfast burrito.  And he picked This little piggy omelet.  Our food came very quickly and looked great!! The burrito was huge and looked great.  There was 4 scrambled eggs, cheese, peppers, onions and huge side of   their breakfast potatoes.  There was also a side of salsa that was tastyand not too spicy.  My BF food looked yummy as well, I knew this when he ate it all with few words.  . The only thing that could have been better was a more attentive server.  We had to look around for a water and soda refill.  I hate that.  She was however very sweet and seemed a little new.  I will defiantly be going back to try some of the other dishes that made my mouth water.  Overall, the Egg and I is a sure fire great breakfast experience.
So my boyfriend is a taxi driver and he gets all kinds of coupons, deals and freebies. He got a coupon for Egg & I.  I was so excited to try it because we're never awake for normal breakfast time. They stop seating people at 3pm, which is when we usually get there. . . The food is great. The chili relleno omelet was amazing. I'm not a fan of the ranch potatoes. I think they are a good filler though. Same about the Banana Nut Muffin. But the meal I dream about is Benedict's Garden. It's a 'vegetarian' version of eggs benedict. English muffin topped with guacamole and tomato, poached eggs and hollandaise sauce. it's the greatest thing!. . Service is great. Everyone is friendly. Waitresses are attentive but If you need anything, just flip the egg on the condiment caddy.
Spent a few days in Vegas and wasn't feeling like a "buffet" style breakfast or our normal Hash House a Go Go meal. Found Egg and I in a coupon book given to us at our Hotel. . . Located in a strip mall with a lot of parking, there was no wait on a weekday morning, but the place was full of patrons. Took a while for our server to take our order and asked us twice what we wanted to drink (amnesia maybe ?..no she was just busy, trying to tend to everyone), so after about 10 minutes, my husband flipped the sign with the un-happy egg, to show we needed attention. The sweet lady at the register quickly came to us and asked what we needed. Our server quickly came to us and apologized for the wait and also brought each of us the BEST BANANA  NUT MUFFIN ever !!! . . I had the Blackend Prime Rib Benny, A Grilled croissant with  prime rib, sauteed spinach and roasted red bell peppers, two poached eggs, then covered with hollandaise sauce. Also came with home fries and 2 slices of fruit. This dish was AMAZING ! All the flavors tied together so well and that Banana Nut Muffin will make me a return customer ! The hubby had Crepes filled w/ Mushrooms, that I take was also delicious, since  I didn't get to taste it ! . . The coupon for a "buy one meal get the other for half off" made the whole experience even better.. .  We'll be back in 2 mos..EGG AND I but this time we won't be alone.
Wow, what a great place for breakfast! This little mom & pop restaurant that is out of the way from the busy strip and expensive breakfast prices! . We found this place from one of those Vegas pamphlets they hand out with a 2 for 1 coupon in it. . . And by the looks of all the other reviews, I would say that everyone knows about this place too. It was packed when we showed up. . . I got the corn beefhash with two eggs over easy and their banana nut muffin. The corn beef was fresh and their banana nut muffin was really good! Now I see shy they were famous for them. The ranch potatoes were a little too salty for my taste. They need to tone it down on the salt and then they would be really good but really didn't eat them . because I felt my blood pressure go through the roof! lol.. . My BF had the Chicken omelet and he gave me a bite and it was really de-lish especially if you are an avocado freak because there was a ton of avocado stuffed in the omelet. . . The service was really good even for sitting out on the patio. I would definitely go back for breakfast when I come back into town!
absolutely delicious . I am glad I came here early in my vacation ,so I can go there again . I had the cheesy omelette ranch potatoes and a banana nut muffin.  I was looking at the stuffed strawberry French toast, no really I literally was staring at it, the lady probably thought I was a creeper, but I am getting that sometime this week, with a side of ranch potatoes.  However, the chicken salad sandwich sounds good too...I did not get to stare at it to report back...sorry.  Whatever you do...order those ranch potatoes!!
More like 3.5 stars for me but I'm going to round it up to 4 because of their yummy banana nut muffin and breakfast potatoes which are the stars of the show here!  I ordered Brad's Very Special Omelette with spinach, mushrooms, tomato, and cheese which was about 3 stars to me - good but not the best I've had.  I chose to have it with their famous muffin and potatoes which are delicious!  . . Got here around 1 p.m. on a Thursday afternoon and there were plenty of available tables.  Service was good and prompt and prices pretty low so for those reasons I can also round up from 3.5 to 4 stars.  I definitely enjoyed my food and overall experience here more than at Hash House A Go Go, so save on waiting time and come on over to Egg & I!
We stumbled across this local secret while on vacation last year. Its not much of your typical Las Vegas Strip crowd, more of families that actually live around town catching a late breakfast/brunch.. . We had some really awesome pancakes here, and its a nice escape from those crowded hotel places. Just a few minutes from the strip!. . Definitely will go back on our next visit this summer!
First off, I had the cordon bleu skillet, and it was great! Their house potatoes are pretty good, a little salty, but not too much to make me not want to eat them. I would say borderline on the seasoning. The service was great for a Saturday morning, and they were very busy. I recommend sitting outside in the morning, it is quite pleasant with the misters on. The food was very tasty, and the portions are excellent for the price. I will definitely be going back here again.
Food was terrific! We went twice. Double check that they have your order correct. They had our mixed up both times.  Staff is friendly and welcoming.
absolutely delicious and worth the wait. i came here a while back and i remember getting the eggs benedict. i seriously remember it and it was like two years ago. i'm definitely going back here on my next vegas trip.
Chicken Skillet ( where is my chicken??) hey seasoning is really good
Yummy. I loved everything i got the flapper  with French toast.... YUMMY . . My boyfriend got the flapper with pancakes. He liked everything except  the pancakes were gummy. . . The fresh squeezed oj was delicious . . REASONABLE PRICES!!!!!!
It took me a few trips to Egg & I over the years for the place to grow on me. I can finally say I'm officially a fan of this place after discovering their breakfast crepes. Can you say yum. . The service is just all right and I always end up with a weirdly small fork compared to the rest of my party, haha. . . All in all, a great little place for breakfast.
If you are looking for a good food and big portions this is the place to be. Don't forget to order the banana nut muffin, it's very good. Service is okay.
Egg-Zactly what you want in a breakfast place only 2 miles off the strip.. . We got drawn in by the great reviews and the buy one get one free coupon in the current Las Vegas coupon booklets that are in every taxi everywhere so we whipped on over .. . What SEPARATES the eggs here from other breakfast joints is the foods we tried were prepared with care and were NOT GREASY , YEAH success! and they offer many things that surprise you that are different that you won't see anyplace else also VERY REASONABLY PRICED .. . No yoke we had the chile Relleno omelet  (a whole green chili stuffed with cheese inside your omelet covered with sauce and cheese) and the chorizo skillet eggs  , both were enough for two people each and both were tasty delish! I picked the house made banana muffin over the toast and it was a really GOOD real banana muffin not a mix .. . This place cracks me up , they are GOOD eggs!
Find a 2 for 1 coupon before coming here!  They are in coupon books handed to you the minute you cross the Nevada state line.  For some reason, food tastes better when it's free.. . First time guests get a free banana nut muffin.  IT WAS AWESOME!!  I even bought an $8 loaf after my breakfast. I had a chicken sandwich and it was just ok.  My girl had a spinach omelet w/ feta cheese (the Kay special) and thought it was just ok.. . I guess after eating the muffin it was just a slight let-down from there.  At least I enjoyed my loaf for the next couple of days after.  I would come here again and order the pancake stack.  It looked really good.. . Service is excellent and prices are pretty decent.
Banana Nut Muffin. Nomnom-erific. . My husband likes to eat off of the Strip bc he thinks we can find better eats for the price.  He found this on Yelp (of course) and it's a hearty classic American breakfast diner.  They found seating for us right away and with a baby in a stroller even the Manager was involved in making sure our seating was to our liking.  The Waitress was kind and knowledgable.  I asked for Chocolate Milk w/ 1/2 regular Milk and she brought my drink made exactly as I ordered and wanted.  . . We went with both sets of parents and everyone was pretty satisfied.  Don't know what we ordered.  Either way the food was good and we left fully and happy.  :)  Would probably go here again.
Great breakfast stop! The most delicious banana nut muffin I have ever had the pleasure of eating! I have to agree with some of the other reviewers who suggest that when dining here with company it would be wise to split dishes as the portion sizes are very generous! I ordered the Hobo scramble which was a special and not available on the regular menu. I am sucker for a scramble however the superior quality of the muffin has convinced me to sample the sweeter items (waffles) on the menu the next time I visit this place. Lots of people rave about the potatoes and I have to say that they were not what I personally am looking for in a potato. They are covered in seasoning and I just prefer a simpler potato flavor. The coffee was great and I cannot say that about many places! Here it is a good strength with a good flavor and it comes in cute mug with two happy eggs on it! Probably my favorite thing about this place is the little egg sign at your table that you can flip from happy to sad when you are in need of something. It beats having to pay close attention to flag down your waiter whenever they walk by. On our visit we didn't even have to use it because the service was so good!
This place never gets old..lunch, brunch, or breakfast--it's eggcellent! . . I used to get the steak and eggs here but since my transition, I have opted for the veggie skillet, yogurt, or tuna melt! I came here with my guy and got that skillet with over easy eggs, bran muffin, and a side of coffee for lunch and it was goooood. . The guy got the usual: steak and eggs and off course he loved it. The quality of food is pretty consistent here. I wish I could say the same with the staff though. Not so much quality but we've been coming here for years and there seems to be constant turnovers so service has it's inconsistencies. But sometimes the food make up for it!
Despite their glaring lack of proper grammar (Although Egg & Me doesn't really have that ring) I usually try to make it a point to stop by Egg & I...  usually on Sunday mornings nursing the hangover from Saturday's celebrations.. . In the four or five times that I've frequented this establishment, I've noticed several things:. . 1.  Many of the female servers are quite attractive and helpful.. . 2.  The male servers that I've had have all been invariably incompetent, rude and sometimes a combination of both.. . 3.  For the price, (Bouchon's $18 version is slightly better) the corned beef hash is the best I've had in any restaurant.  The first time I came here, I tried it, and I don't think I've ever ordered anything else.. . Beyond that, the owner/manager lady provides a stalwart presence at the cash register with that unique mix of friendly/surly grandmotherliness that only American women in their 60's can truly evince.
Prime rib Benny! beeeeeennnnnyy... benny and the jets... ha.... . ok, for reals tho - . . the GRUB:. - check out my pics, my wife got the stuffed french toast with eggs and bacon, french toast, powdered sugar, and maple syrup - like the kitchen sink of breakfasts all in one bite... pretty good.. - also pictured, i got the Prime Rib Benny - ala the meaty blackened spice prime rib, poached eggs, holandaise sauce, on top of an open faced buttered croissant like a traditional eggs benedict - but kicked upped... super filling and super delicious. - fresh squeezed OJ and hot cups of Joe. . the JOINT:. - typical vegas locals crowd, a little bit of everyone. - old school decor on the inside (like a country kitchen). - outside patio seating if not a scorcher of a desert day. - they had an LCD with local sports and AC too. . the SQUEEZE:. - breakfasts are always too expensive to me, so im a little jaded... but anyways, those 2 dishes and fresh squeezed OJ = approx $50 after tax and tip. - friendly wait staff and hostess. - plenty of parking in the strip mall. - vegas blvd (the strip) close. . FINAL SAY:. pretty good change up for breakfast, if youre starting to get tired of those casino buffet champagne brunches/breakfasts...
A Vegas staple A MUST you have 2 come here 4 Breakfast come early if possible b/c their will be a wait!
Highlights: Their banana nut muffins and kay's special omelette were excellent!  full of flavor and large portions. The prices were reasonable, expect $8-$13 for most dishers.. . Coffee was bleh, but my friends enjoyed their O.J. with pulp.. . While the service crew were very friendly and helpful, I did see some flaws:. When coffee was served, we weren't given creamer or teaspoons. . We had to wait about 30 minutes for our food after ordering. . Plus, I witnessed one of the waiters spill ice cold water on a customer. Yikes!. . Food: 4. Service: 3
This place is great on a early morning on ur day off everything is soo good even their coffee i love the southern eggs with sausage gravy its so delicious!....But is it just me n the hubby but we think the diced potatoes are soo salty !! =|  .....portions are great!, food is awsome!. fast service A+ ....ooo ya but there seems to be these young girls as host all the time i go and their face always looks like they smelled a bad odor....my thing is your the first thing i see when i walk into your establishment ...because of faithful and new patrons you are able to thrive and grow....least u could do is fake a smile for the 8 hrs of ur shift....I work in the hotel business when a guest walks into my workplace i make sure to make the guest feel welcome.....customer service 101....im just sayin biggest pet peeve ever.....If your so miserable call in and stay home.Only negative thing i have to say...but after u get by the yuck faces its all amazing from there..... . PS: bin here 4 times cant say u were having a bad day.
This place is great.  Yep, line out the door on Sunday morning but well worth the fairly short wait.  . . Service was fantastic.  The employees all seem to be very happy, very busy, and very willing to help.. . Prices are very reasonable. . . Most importantly, the food is very good with very generous portions.. . Oh, and I almost forgot!  Banana Nut Muffins!!!
This was the second time eating here when I'm in town.   I'm usually in Vegas for work once a year and this spot is on my way to the convention center.  Service is always nice and friendly without being overbearing.  I ordered the Blackened Prime Rib eggs Benedict with the home fries.  The eggs were poached perfectly and the Prime Rib was flavorful.  I love Hollandaise sauce, and while this is not the best out there, it was pretty decent.  The home fries were a little bland, but I do like the touch of adding some red bell peppers and spinach along with the prime rib.  It adds a nice bit of sweetness to the dish.  I'm sure I will be back again next year.
Come HUNGRY.  Seriously, you will get more food than you can handle.  The place is packed so plan on waiting.  The skillet breakfasts are delish.  I had the chicken, mushroom & broccoli skillet but also tried the country fried steak.  The banana nut muffin that comes with most dishes is also quite very moist and tasty.  No alcohol so one ding for that, but otherwise, a very good place to get your grub on.
This is currently my favorite place for breakfast in town and I have a feeling it will stay that way! They have a huge menu and I want to come back many times to try all of the tasty-looking options.. . I had a gigantic omelet full of avocado and bacon. It doesn't get any richer or more fattening than that but it's okay because there's no way I could have finished that thing (despite its yumminess). My husband got this ridiculous stuffed French toast monstrosity- stuffed not with marscapone cheese, or some fruity filling, or whatever else you'd expect French toast to be stuffed with, but with eggs and sausage! It was hugely filling but delicious.. . They have good coffee, too, and the prices are right, and the heavily seasoned potatoes are probably loaded with sodium but who cares because they're delicious.
This is a great place to try right before you leave for your drive home. Definitely off the beaten path and away from the strip. . . Went on a crowded Sunday morning.  They sat us very fast on the patio.  Our food arrived equally fast. . . I would have given it five stars, but our waitress wasn't the best.  She was bussing our table and actually did the finger wave for me to hand her my plate across the table.  I know, I know, is it really worth taking a star off? But yes! I was a waitress for years and that's just a big no no.
I think it's hard to find a breakfast place that truly stands out, at least a cheap one. This breakfast place, I will remember and even recommend.. . I had the banana bread French toast AND it was pretty damn good. Mind you that there were sooooooo many things on the menu I wanted to try.. . The other people in my "party" had the:. . biscuits and gravy - "this is legit" was the comment from the southern gal. Cinnamon raisin French toast - "mmm, this is good". Seasoned potatoes - I kept eating it off my friend's plate. . . I actually don't remember what my dad got but he didn't say "junk" so that is a good thing.. . Good service. Eh coffee.
This place was absolutely adorable : ). . The service was very quick & friendly, food was reasonably priced and delicious!. . I had to bring home an Egg & I mug
I haven't been to an Egg & I/Egg Works since I was in Arizona back in '07.  I love this place!!   It's one of those bfast places where there are mugs on the table and the server brings you a giant pot of coffee and leaves it with you at your disposal.  There were different types of pre-packaged cream and sugars, including hot sauces, ketchup, and a little egg sign which you can flip over if you need servicing.  Not as ingenious as the button at Korean bbq places, but it works!. . Most entrees come with a side of toast or homemade banana nut muffin.  I'm not a big fan of banana nut but my god, theirs is just divine. Spongey, soft, moist, slightly sweet and with just the perfect flavor of fresh banana flavor and a little hint of crunch from the nuts.  The nuts aren't bitter either, as some walnuts can be and it was just pure perfection.. . BH and I went a little buckwild (as we always do) and we ordered three dishes: eggs benedict florentine, a half order of corned beef hash, and the stuffed french toast with eggs and bacon.  The benedict was awesome and was smothered in creamy hollandaise sauce.  The eggs were soft and runny but the English muffin was still crispy and chewy.  The stuffed french toast was pretty good.  BH gobbled up the entire plate whereas I had just a bite or two.  I thought there was too much egg and not enough bacon, but BH told me it was great with maple syrup.  I like sweet meats and breads, but I haven't gotten accustomed to sweet scrambled eggs yet, so I never tried it dipped in sticky sweet maple. Finally, the corned beef hash was very fresh and I could definitely tell it was homemade and not from a can.  The chunks of potato were creamy and starchy while the chunks of meat were flavorful, salty, and a little reminiscent of dog food (but in a good way).  The over easy egg on top made it even more delectable.. . Finally, one of the best parts of the meal, besides the banana nut muffin, were their ranch potatoes.  They are roasted to a perfect crunch and seasoned with some sort of red powder - possibly paprika for a bit of smokiness?  They were so damn good, that even past my stuffing point, I kept stabbing at the potatoes so I could get every last bit in my mouth.  Needless to say, BH  and I were nearly bursting by the time we left Egg & I.  I call that a sign of good breakfast and a good start to a day.
Stopped here on our way out of Vegas. We were looking for a tasty breakfast spot and we definitely found it. The portions were generous, the coffee was just right, and the flavors were spot on (with the exception of the potatoes- they were great at first but as the meal went on the saltiness took over. I will say our server was exceptional, she was attentive without being pushy and was genuinely pleasant. I would recommend this place for a good homey meal away from the strip.
Definitely one of my fave breakfast place in town. I used to get the steak and eggs before I turned Pesco-veggie, and it was gooood. My bf and I grabbed breakfast here a couple days ago and I just had two over easy eggs, wheat toast, and blueberry muffin. Muffin is always moist here and it's served warm so butter is a must. My bf got the steak n eggs with ranch potatoes and said he still loves it. Ranch potatoes are always flavorful here. I also suggest the tuna melt here--delicious. Service is good, we're so used to coming here so we don't mind the inconsistencies they have with their service. Although it would've been great if they wouldnt have alot of turnovers with their staff. It was great coming in here and the staff knew our names. But ever since the turnover we don't know anyone anymore except the host lady. Once again, food makes up for it so we shall be back regardless.
At first it looks just like a local non-special restaurant... It turns that the food was great and fairly priced (I had a pork carnitas ranchero). It was quick and the service was satisfactory.
My family loves The Egg and I!  We visit Vegas several times a year and have breakfast there at least once per trip.  The service is friendly, efficient, and fast.  The food is delicious.  We highly recommend the Fiesta Skillet (add chorizo) and the warm Banana Nut Muffin with some butter on it is to die for.  It's a small place, expect a wait, especially on weekends.
Looking for breakfast outside the strip! Look no more. This place has it all. Most importantly than the food, COFFEE is really good too. Don't get overwhelm by the the line of people waiting, it go by fast and in the meantime you can read their newspaper menu. It has variety of assortments! We loved their banana nut muffin. Enjoy!
Had breakfast yesterday, 20 minute wait, this place is always busy on Saturday mornings and it was no different on this visit. . Prompt beverage order and delivery. Had the Cincy chili omelet, was good again. The Banana Nut muffin is the best-hands down. We had one issue with an omelet and this was quickly resolved by our server.
Searching Yelp for breakfast restaurants, I found Egg & I. With four star reviews and excellent quick tips, I had to try it. Arriving around 10:30am, the place is packed (which is always a good sign), yet there was only a 10min wait. Very friendly staff and waiters/waitresses. I got the Kay's Omelet (w/added Chicken). I was offered the choice of toast or banana nut muffin. I went with traditional toast. The omelet is simply the best I've ever had. It had the perfect combination of spinach, artichoke hearts, tomatoes and topped with feta cheese. Brilliant. . Now, to the matter of the toast. Fortunately, one of my companions ordered the banana nut muffin. Even more fortunate, she offered to share. Not an over powering banana taste, more of a whole grain taste, yet just nutty enough, with a hint of chocolate bitterness. . . While I loved my experience, I can't give five stars, as some in my party were not as happy with their dishes as I was with mine. I do look forward to trying more from the menu very soon.
The banana nut muffin looks like a mushroom.  The muffin top is so big it just falls right over!  But that being said it's moist and warm and delicious.  . . I was brought here because I wanted breakfast food at 12PM and the omelettes were mouthwatering and the those homefries were something else!  I've never had homefries that were so crispy before....they probably deep fry them.  But deep fried anything is great usually.  . . Service is great too.  They have a system similar to what you would find at Bubba Gump's where you flip the egg to get the wait staff's attention.
we were in vegas this past weekend for a very short trip. of course there are bazillion places to eat on the strip, but i wanted to check out some place off strip, to get away from the craziness of driving in bumper to bumper traffic, waiting for tons of people to cross the streets and then to wait to eat. . . Egg & I is located off strip, east of the 15 off of the sahara exit. its located in a strip mall with plenty of parking. there is indoor and outdoor seating. there were a few people waiting when we arrived but we were quickly seated. the place was full with a few tables empty. we were expecting to wait but it was already about 10AM by the time we went. . . i ordered the strawberry and cream french toast which was thick slices of soft french toast with a strawberry whipped cream cheese and strawberry preserves on top. it was pretty good. i liked that it wasnt too sweet like most french toast/waffles with fruit toppings at other restaurants.. . the bf ordered the fiesta skillet with chorizo. it had green chili, onions and salsa. i thought it was gonna be sausage type of chorizo but it was the ground kind. if you've ever cooked or bought it at the market you know what im talking about. when you cook it, it pretty much just melts. so the skillet was as if it had chili on top. it was pretty heavy and greasy. i could probably do without the chorizo next time.. . the bfs bro ordered the country fried steak skillet. this had chopped chunks of country fried steak with their homestyle potatoes and eggs with white gravy on top. it was pretty good. it tasted just like a regular country fried steak plate but all chopped up for you, if you dont mind your food touching (i know some people who dont, like my 5 yr old nephew...).. . bfs bro's fiance ordered the stuffed french toast. this was two pieces of their thick sliced fluffy french toast with an omelet in between. the eggs had lots of bits of bacon in it which made it tasty but it was pretty firm. i felt like it was over cooked. maybe it was all the cheese. it tasted good though. it tasted good with either the syrup and/or ketchup. sweet or savory, whichever you prefer. . . we had also had a side of the banana nut muffin, which was pretty good. it was large on top. it wasnt too sweet which was nice. it came out moist and warm. yum!. . the service was good. everyone was pretty friendly and the food came out fast. we had ordered coffee and they gave us a pitcher of coffee. they take credit card but you have to show your ID and pay at the front.
Located "off of the strip" in a plaza, The Egg and I is definitely a local's haven. We only discovered it since our hotel (The Artisan) was nearby and we used our Yelp app to find the closet breakfast place that wasn't a buffet (by day 3 of buffet hopping, I needed major portion control).. . Even though it was Mother's Day and the line was out the door, this tiny restaurant somehow managed to get everyone seated quickly and keep diners moving through the door. The menu was quite extensive for breakfast with everything from stuffed french toast to eggs benedict to the infamous breakfast burrito. I tried the eggs benedict, which came with ranch potatoes and a huge portion of fruit. The orange juice was the best part though, it tasted like it was just squeezed in the kitchen.. . Highly recommended if you are staying "off the strip," in Downtown Vegas or if you are on your way out of town!
This is my favorite spot in Vegas to stop for breakfast.  I'm the kind of guy who likes breakfast food at all times of the day.  Their skillets here are amazing, and so are their pancakes!  Highly recommend!
Hello hungry people!! Yes, I'm back (again)!  Let's dig in.... . So, my local bestie recommended this place to a friend and I who were in LV and I'm so happy she did!  This quaint little gem is AMAZEBALLS!!  They give you menus that look like newspapers and bright yellow mugs, awaiting your coffee, adorn the tables.  Of course, as the name suggests, eggs are their specialty, but they offer much much more!. . The waitress suggested I try the "Loco Moco" and I was not disappointed!! It was a beautifully, delicious symphony on my tongue!! Sticky rice, eggs (any way you like), hamburger patty, and brown gravy. . .  I know what you're thinking..."is this chick pregnant?!" rest assured, I'm not (any more) and this dish really made sense once I took a bite!! Just wonderfully cooked and seasoned and all the different components played nice together in the tummy!.  (there's a party in my tummy...so yummy, so yummy yummy). . It's not in the nicest part of LV, but that's why I love finding these "off-the-beaten-path" joints!  What they lack in environment, they make up for in taste and ambiance!
My friends and I had breakfast at Egg & I on our recent trip to Vegas. We wanted to end our trip right by getting a delicious breakfast before heading back home to LA. Egg & I was quite good.. . Parking: The parking is easy as it is located in a shopping center with plenty of spaces. Spots near Egg & I were full, but plenty spaces in the lot if you dont mind walking.. . Service: The service was excellent! Our server was attentive and very nice. Although all our entrees did not come with the banana muffin, our server brought one for everybody! They even let us bring our Starbucks drinks in! . . Food: The food was delicious. The banana muffin was light and fluffy. Super yummy! I also ordered the Chicken, Broccoli and Mushroom skillet (served with eggs, ranch potatoes, and cheese). It was also very good.. . Overall good meal. I wouldn't mind coming back again when I'm in Vegas.
My boyfriend was right, this place was egg-cellent! I really enjoyed my breakfast at the Egg & I. Perhaps because all over the restaurant, there were little cute drawings of eggs being all happy and that the menu was made of newspaper material with happy eggs all over it  :D.. . I ordered two pancakes, scrambled eggs and bacon. The pancakes were really nice and fluffy, the eggs were light and fluffy too and the bacon...I gave to my boyfriend haha!. . Good price, good food, fast service and friendly staff.
Went there today for breakfast. I had the chile relleno omelette and James had the eggs Benedict. We were greeted in a timely manner by the busser who took our beverage orders. Waitress came by a few minutes later and took our order. Food came out pretty quick and you could tell it was picked up and delivered to our table right away. It was an awesome breakfast! The chocolate banana muffin was great with my coffee.
Great service, great egg dishes. When you order coffee they give you a pot so you don't have to constantly ask for refills. This particular location has more locals so you know it's a decent place to grab breakfast.. . Definitely worth a trip out for breakfast if you are an out of towner like I am, or if you are in the area. So many dishes to choose from, that's probably the most annoying part about this place!
Great brekkie place.  Its not uber cheap (average $8) but they do give you good portions, and their muffin is great. . . The coffee is just ok, but they bring a pot like IHOP and you pour to your heart's content. Lucky there's a Starbucks 1/2 block up the street. :D. . Service is egg-selent!  Plenty of parking.  It can get crowded on weekends.
Found this place on Yelp...thanks!. . Whenever we are in Vegas we try to eat off the strip.We were heading out of town and this place hit the spot.. . Just a little diner type place (nothing fancy) but the servie was friendly and the food YUMMY!. . The menu is HUGE.. . We sampled the pancakes, waffle, eggs and home fries..  . The home fries were SOOOOOOO good!. . Also since my son requested no meat (his came with bacon) they offered fruit.....a whole plate of berries, citrus, and melons....It was great!. . We will definatly be going back next time we are in town!
The BF and I were looking for a good place to get breakfast/lunch in Vegas before the drive back home. This place is off strip, but was pretty awesome! Great food, and probably the best service in Vegas. Our waitress was very friendly. I love how they have a little stand with a happy egg on one side and a sad egg on the other. Flip to the sad egg if you need anything from the wait staff, and they'll be at your table in a jiffy!
Some Words of Advice for Egg & I . . 1. We came in around 10:45-11 and waited for about 15 minutes so I would say any later and you'll probably be waiting 30+ minutes..It started getting pretty busy right after we put our name down. . . 2. If you are waiting in line, check out their menu cause they have a LOT of choices. . . 3. Wear a sweater/sweatshirt - I know were in Vegas but the place was blasting the AC. Even our waitress had a sweatshirt on. . . 4. Order a banana bread muffin, its moist and fresh and a great snack. I ordered one after our meal because I was stuffed from my plate . . 5. If you know you can't eat a whole plate of food, get the HALF order. Of course our waitress told us AFTER we finished. . . 6. The pancakes were the best part of my meal - order them! Only complaint was that they served it with that fake syrup. (I'm from the East coast, I'm a little spoiled). . 7. My sister didn't really care for the cinnamon toast french toast - they didn't look that great either. . It was a solid breakfast for a lazy morning, I think next time I would try one of their egg-dishes since they are called Egg & I . . YELP 365: 163/365
So - my bestie who's a local told me and my other bestie to go to this place on our way out of Vegas.  I'm SO happpy she told us about this.... . I got the shredded corned beef hash with eggs.  WOW is all I can say. So good, exactly what I wanted. . . For the price, the portions are large.  Total deal.. . Hazelnut coffee was fabulous.  . . The menu is huge, so if eggs aren't your thing there is plenty of other things on the menu to pick.  That was probably the hardest thing for us - was to actually pick something off the huge menu.  . . Clearly this a locals place, it's off the strip in a strip mall.  We missed it when we were driving there.
How I'd never heard of Egg&I until last night, I'll never know. I love off-Strip, local establishments where I can get my grub on, and this is definitely on my list now. . . I intended to get my butt up at 5 am and be at their door at 6 am when they opened, but my brain determined I needed sleep more than food and I ended up putting my name down at noon-thirty, at the height of brunch/lunch time. I was told the wait was about 15 minutes; I waited a solid 20 (which isn't bad when "15 minutes" usually serves as code for half-an-hour) and was promptly greeted by my wonderful server. I had my food about 10 minutes after I placed my order.. . My late uncle was a gourmet chef, and my earliest, fondest memories of Vegas revolve around eating his cooking. Biscuits and gravy were on the usual menu when my family and I made our annual road trip out here, and I have purposely shied away from ever ordering it because nothing could ever come close.. . But, for some reason, I ordered it anyway here. Was it as good as my Uncle Ray's? . . Does the free show in front TI have anything to do with pirates anymore?. . Exactly. But that said, I would probably order it again. I regret not remembering my server's name, but she's one of the best I've had in a LONG time, and as someone that waited tables and bartended her way through school, my standards of service are ridiculously high. She was awesome, and was warmer, more attentive and professional than any server I've had elsewhere in Vegas, even in those pretentious "five-star" restaurants you'll find in abundance in this city.. . Keep in mind they're open from 6 am - 3 pm. I was told by a girl at the host desk that the best time to go was 6-8 and after 1:30.. . Overall value?. . Price: 3.5. Service: 5. Ambiance: 4. . = 4.17. But Yelp! doesn't offer a decimal rating. So a solid four stars from me. Worth visiting at least once if you want a tasty meal in a casual atmosphere without the pretentious attitude.
It was good very basic food not every one was a fan like I was, but they ordered Mexican breakfast at an American breakfast spot. I had the Omelet with sausage and orange juice. All was good but the Banana Muffin was oh so nice.
This place is good as long as you come at the right time. Too late, and you're doomed to wait a long time for a table on a Saturday or Sunday morning. Timing is key. The food is good and so is the service. We never walk in the door without a coupon. You can find them pretty much in any newspaper, city guide or Entertainment book, so be prepared.
Awwww yes I love me some breakfast anytime of day!. . . Took my sweetie here for breakfast after hearing all of the glowing reviews. I am sure glad we dined here because it was eggceptional! Make sure you come hungry because their portions are large and in charge!. . Her-. Denver Omelette 8.49. Diced ham, onions, green peppers and melted cheese. . . *Three-egg omelettes served with ranch potatoes and an English muffin or toast.. . Him-. Mexican Omelette 8.59. Chorizo sausage, green chiles and onions, topped with Monterrey Jack and Cheddar cheese, salsa or pork green chili, sour cream and green onions. Served with a flour tortilla.. . Their ranch potatoes are so good!. . Wow we were very pleased with the service and quality/quantity of food! . . My coffee cup was never empty, refills galore from a catering staff!. . We will be back indeed!. . Yummy for sure a must stop for a lip smacking country breakfast!
Seen this place so many times while driving and thought nothing of it.  Today was my first time inside for breakfast at 1:30pm.  So glad I finally stopped in!. . All the reviews talk about their bannana nut muffin, but more on that later, first - the eggs...   I ordered the biscuits and gravy which comes with a side of 2 eggs (I chose scrambled) and a side of potatoes (the server allowed me to sub half of the potatoes for fresh fruit.. . Everything on my large plate was done perfectly.  The eggs were warm, tasty, and not under or over done.  The biscuits were deliciously moist and puffy (best I've had in as long as i can remember) with a very nice sausage gravy.  The potatoes were original and had a nice texture but the seasoning was a bit much for my taste.  And the fresh fruit was very sweet and well, fresh!  I really don't have a single complaint about the food.  I'd go here regularly for breakfast if it were closer to my house.. . For first time goers you get a banana nut muffin on the house.  I don't care if you aren't a big fan of banana nut muffins, I'm really not.  But just eat it!  You won't regret it.  I don't know what they put in this pastry (sprinkled crack maybe?) but it was amazing.. . As far as  the employees go, they all seemed happy, smiling, and they were genuinely nice.  There was no wait for me although I heard i just missed a rush.  everyone from the hostess to the servers to the cook did everything just right in my opinion.. . Prices are fair for breakfast.  My large plate with an iced tea came to eleven bucks and change.  More than what I'm used to paying for breakfast, but worthy for the quality of the feast, and I'd happily hand it over again.
Jaime P. and I come here at least once during our stay in Vegas for breakfast (obviously).  Since it's a locals place, it gets pretty crowded, so don't come thinking you're not going to have to wait a bit before getting a seat.  It's totally worth it.  Located right off the strip, it's a great place to grab a bite to eat without hassling with the nearby hotels.  The prices are reasonable and they have a huge menu to choose from.  Even the pickiest of eaters have something to pick, no matter how difficult they might be.. . It's a country style restaurant with a variety of egg dishes.  My favorite is the Eggs Benedict.  The hollandaise sauce is creamy and perfect and it's paired with some seasoned potatoes.  I like them, but they aren't my favorite.. . Their biscuits and gravy are pretty awesome as well. A great dish to serve with the table, but if you're starving, you might want to try to conquer them by yourself.
While on a family vaca, we decided to hit a spot off the strip for breakfast, and man this was a jackpot. Great for the kids.  They greeted us with balloons, and where extremely friendly.  I had the Chorizo skillet and it was the bomb!!  Super crispy potatoes.  Grubby mixture of everything else.  Also comes with a very good banana nut muffin on the side.  They leave the carafe of coffee at the table.  . . Hit the spot and wish they had one near me in So Cal.
I am a cartoonist, and when I was in town talking to the editor of the Las Vegas Review-Journal - which apparently has some sort of partnership with this restaurant, since you get a free copy of the newspaper with breakfast, and their logo is on the coffee mugs - I heard about this place but never had a chance to drop them. This time around, I finally made it and found out what I was missing.. . Simply put, this is worth the trip away from the strip in order to get huge servings of incredibly fresh fruit, and delicious eggs and bacon and pancakes and French toast and anything else that your carb-loving heart desires for low prices.. . Atmosphere is close to non-existent, but whatever - your stomach will thank you while your arteries scream in agony.
tip: 15 minute wait on a packed morning is super efficient.. . breakfast crepes were out of the ordinary.  it's basically an omelet wrapped in a crepe; a must try.  too much home style potatoes.  good coffee.  flip the happy face egg to a sad face egg for prompt service.
This place was awesome for a city , packed at 10am, but we got in rather quickly.  I got the Green Chile Breakfast Burrito, and it arrived on my table before I finished my coffee. Great burrito, Huge and tasty! The staff was top notch, and friendly! If I am in Vegas again, I would defiantly do eats here again!
Cute spot. Has their own touch. Nothing special, but still good. They used very nice fruit, too. I'd eat here again for sure.
OK. You must go there, if only for the CHICKEN FRIED STEAK.. I can't imagine it being any better
Nice brunch spot with solid skillets. Coffee is meh, but the food is really good, incl the banana nut muffins.
vegas breakfast?..afternoon flights and up early...last meal for some...egg & i extra large breakfast platters...enormous sizes...literally mountain of potato cubes with heavy seasoning salt sprinkling...a brad's special...eggs, spinach and meats loaded and large...hungry?...egg & i will deliver a tummy expanding plate for $ten...comforting homely interiors...casual diner atmosphere...friendly service...
I got the chicken fried steak, it was good but I've had better. The coffee was awesome!  We also got the blueberry pancakes and they were great!  My husband tried the prime rib skillet. It was really good. The only real complaint we had were that the potatoes were awful. Boring an way too salty!!!!
Thanks to Yelp and the good ol community of yelpers out there i know A LOT of places where 10 bucks can go a LONG way in providing some good eats.. . My Buddy recommended The Egg & I after hearing some good things about it from other sources. I've driven by this place multiple times and it's caught my attention a few time while in the same plaza as B&C Camera. . . They have a diverse menu of egg related items. I was about to order one of the combo skillets because another table's home fries looked GOOD but ended up getting a Hawaiian themed plate which featured Portuguese Sasuage or Spam (went for the sausage), rice, two eggs any style (sunny side up), "sticky" rice (turned out to be calrose rice). Also came with a choice of what ever bread or the banana nut muffin everyone raves about. . . I choose the muffin and man oh man it did not disappoint. Blueberry's always been my favorite muffin and to be honest i havent eaten enough muffins in my life time. If i were in a situation where the entire fate of humanity rested upon my recommendation for a muffin it would be The Egg & I's banana nut hands own, sorry humanity you had your chance i'm throwing this one out and if it lands under the bus so be it. . . Overall the island favorite plate was good, obviously the Portuguese sausage made the dish but in all honesty it wasnt worth the price. Even with the banana nut muffin dreams are made of it still wasnt quite worth it. For the same price my buddy got one of the combo skillets and he ended up easily with three times more food then i did.. . So far i do like this place. Outdoor seating was available immediately seeing as it was a cold morning but their heaters are very powerful and aside from a few gusts of wind there was very little outdoor discomfort. Looking at other people's plate was very easy on the eyes as their selection of food is diverse yet seeing common dishes amongst different diners makes me want to come back and get what they're getting because they cant all be wrong.
Huge portions at reasonable prices.  Friendly staff and clean facilities.
Massive portions drowned with pots of decent coffee. Service is prompt and cheery. Great for groups
Total breakfast fan here and this is one of the few in Las Vegas that truly does breakfast right.  Prices are pretty good and there are always coupons to be had.  Love the Pumpkin banana pancakes and Carrot Cake french toast in the fall!
4.5 . Got seated immediately for a party of 3 at 12:30 on a Sunday. Awesome service, unlimited coffee, attentive waitress, yummy eggs, warm toast. Exactly what you need for breakfast! I'm a fan!!
So I found this great little restaurant on Yelp during one of our many Vegas trips and I have to say that I am in love with the french toast sandwich!!!! I'm a huge fan of savory and sweet and this place nailed it to the wall!! Great place to have breakfast after dancing the night away on the Las Vegas strip! I just wish I lived closer because the food here is amaziiiiing and totally crave-worthy!
My wife and I visit Vegas at least once a year.  Until I found this place (and others) on Yelp, we used to just have breakfast/brunch in the hotel's anonymous coffee shop.  Meh.. .  Now that Yelp has opened my eyes, we've tried different places.  The Egg & I is one of our favorites for breakfast (actually brunch since we don't leave the hotel until 10 a.m. or so).  We eat here most often because there is a plethora of different items on their menu to choose from and they are ALL GOOD!  Breakfast is my favorite meal to eat when I'm away from home, so this is important to me.. . To be honest it is pretty difficult to screw up a basic breakfast centered on eggs and breakfast meat.  However, the Egg & I is head and shoulders above the others with various delicious potato and egg treatments, their muffins, and friendly service staff.  Needless to say, we don't eat in hotel coffee shops anymore.  Not only do you get huge quantities of food at the Egg & I, it all tastes great, and what a variety!  If you're not into eggs, they also have waffles, pancakes and french toast, as well as salads and sandwiches.  Also free wifi so you can catch up on news from home & messages while eating.. . If you are like my wife and insist on staying in a big-name Strip resort hotel, do yourself a favor and drive a short distance off the strip to have breakfast and some really tasty food.  Catch a glimpse of what the rest of the City of Las Vegas looks like, and taste real food, not the bland stuff the corporate chains dish out.  You might realize, like I did, that The Strip is not the final destination of your trip to Vegas.. . There are fine dinner restaurants off the Strip as well!  Yelp is here for you.
Apparently this is one of the best breakfast joints in Vegas.  I can't really agree with that but it's pretty darn good.  I ordered the corned beef hash and what came wasn't your standard canned mushed beef stuff. There were real pieces of corned beef in this mixed with potatoes, onions, red, green peepers and topped with 2 eggs of your choice, which should always be over easy eggs with super sloppy running yolks. The flavors were spot on and the side of potatoes were nice.  The banana muffin that is served is awesome too.  It's probably microwaved before getting to your table but it's still very decent.  Prices are a little bit high like $10.95 for the hash and the wait can be long.  The annoying thing about this place is paying at the cashier!  When it's busy, the wait can be 10 minutes to pay your bill... minus a star for that.
Really enjoyedthe chicken enchilada omelette!
stopped by sunday 8am. crowded but no wait yet. waitress friendly/attentive. food spectacular. banana muffin was tasty
Cute little place, good service. Probably the closest thing to a diner you'll find in Las Vegas. I had a very nice, fresh breakfast for about $7!! We even took home a souvenir mug.
Place -- Family friendly, smiles all around! . . Food -- The banana nut muffin. I saw the clouds parting and sunshinecame through.. . Service --   All of them were so nice. So, so nice. . . Go back? -- Hell yes. Yes.
Banana nut muffin is moist with a great crust. They dont skimp on the canadian bacon when it comes to the eggs florentine benedict.  Hollandaise was on point; not too much salt and is not too creamy, complementing the egg yolk. Potatoes were seasoned perfectly, although they could have been crispier. Had a bite of the chili relleno, overriding flavor was the chili, which is a plus. Coffee left me wanting, but we were there for the eggs!. . Great service, no wait to get in, overall great place to have breakfast off the strip.
I would say this place was pretty good! We waited about 10 minutes for any service once seated at our table. The place was packed and it was 1 p.m. on a Monday!  The average breakfast is about 10 bucks and 3 more for coffee. I would say sharing is a must!!! The omelets were super cheesy but tasty. The Cajun potatoes are awkwardly addicting. At first bite they taste over seasoned with cajun powder but by the end of it you will wish you had more. The banana nut muffin comes with your entree or free check in on foursquare. It's definitely not the best muffin int he world like others claim, but it is tasty. However, eat it hot or it might taste dry. And eat it with the butter then its perfection. Overall with sharing, free extra muffin, and two iced coffees and tip it was 23 dollars. Don't know if I will be back as there is too many other places to try.
I tried the Banana bread french toast because I like banana bread but it didn't do it for me. The bread tasted good all by itself but the french toast didn't make it. Wish I had ordered breakfast burrito my friend had ,now that was good. Took a small bite. I will give four stars because all my friend's food was very good. Yes  I sampled lil bit. service was good and the place was clean. good to go I will be back.
I really enjoy breakfast food but going to breakfast eateries, they just give so much food.  . . Anyway gotta eat breakfast so we came here.  Typical breakfast shop.  I ordered the Fiesta Skillet which was a layer of their ranch potatoes topped with a mixture of green chilies, onions, and salsa.  On top of that was a layer of melted cheese and two eggs over-easy.  The skillet was accompanied by two slices of wheat toast and two slices of fruit.  It was pretty tasty.  I really like the ranch potatoes, eggs were cooked correctly, no brown spots and yolks were runny.. . There were three different types of Habla Diablo sauce on the table Original, Chipotle, and Verde.  So if you need a little spice in your breakfast you can choose your pain.  Well not really since none of them are that spicy.  . . Overall  I enjoyed breakfast.  I have tried other items at their other locations they all taste good.  Would definitely be up there on the list of breakfast places to go.
My number one breakfast place.. . I usually get omelets and have never been disappointed.  Plus, the coffee there is a smooth coffee, not bitter or acidic.  The home fries are consistently cooked to perfections with a crispy brown and warm soft center.. . Several large screen TV's so you can watch the news or sports.
My favorite Sunday Brunch location. This location is always busy, so make sure you are willing to wait 10-15 mins to get your seats. . . Banana nut muffin is one thing you shouldn't miss, it blowed my mind the first time I tried it. It's not over-sweet and the aroma of banana smell so damn good.
Egg & I has become a recent tradition with the future in-laws.. . It's a nice change-of-pace versus the Strip and a mere ten minute drive but not worth the added expense if you plan on cabbing.. . Parking is plentiful and there is a delicious bakery with some of the stickiest baklavas in the same strip mall to warmup while you wait (ranging from 10 to 30 min).. . Prices are reasonable, service is shoddy, and luckily one cannot mess up eggs.  Food wasn't greasy for whatever's thats worth.. . As you may have guessed menu is egg-centric but fear not.  I decided to change things up during my latest visit and ordered hawaiian food.  Yep, you read that right and my internal organs as of a week later remain intact.  They offer: loco moco, spam and eggs and portuguese sausage and eggs.  Ordered both the spam and portuguese sausage and had no regrets.  Forgot the name of the breakfast burrito with the chorizo but it was dense AF and subsequently awesome.. . Their homefries are also a must.
Incredible eggs and potatoes. They store has recently changed bacon, to a thin cheap brand. I would avoid the bacon at all cost. I had batter bacon on a Jack in the Box burger the other day.  Overall, a good breakfast place
Super yummy food.  I'm not an adventurous eater here but I love the omelets and the skillets!  So yum!  The service is usually great, though there is always a bad seed.
I love brunch and there are wonderful savory and sweet options!. . This place gets packed and for very good reason! The line is always out the door. But, the line moves quickly and is worth the wait.. . Tip: Not conveniently on the strip, but I would head there on the way to Vegas or when you are heading back home.. . Everything we tried was really good, so I don't feel like you can go wrong! Perhaps share entrees so you can try more of all the goods.
Came here for brunch with a friend who's a local. The wait was about 25 minutes, but it was definitely worth it. I ordered the biscuits and gravy. Best I've ever had. The biscuits were melt in your mouth, and the gravy was so flavorful. I also had the orange juice, which tasted hella fresh.
We had breakfast here by chance (stopped as we drove past) and am glad we did! Huge portions of delicious food, served up by smiling friendly people. The breakfast wrap was HUGE, tasty and oh so filling - I couldnt come close to finishing it, and was barely hungry for a late lunch. My husband loved the little crunchy home fries (think small, seasoned steak fries cut into cute little squares) as well as his omelet.. . The Egg & I is on the short list of places to eat breakfast in Vegas.
Oh, that was some great corned beef hash! I am use to eating corned beef out of a can where the meat is more like ground beef compared to this place where the meat is shredded, and oh man that was awesome. So as you can read, I ordered the corned beef hash which does come with 2 eggs made whatever way you'd like, some pretty good, crispy, special seasoned cut potatoes, and a choice of a banana nut muffin or toast of choice. The waitress was nice enough to pass out free muffins for everyone, the muffin sounded good and everyone at other tables had them, but in actuallity it was only ok. I probably should have went for the toast, but looking at my friend's toast, I will say that they put a lot of butter on it, so if you don't want that shit, make sure to tell them, because I don't think they'll tell you. Oh also forgot to mention that the order also comes with two random slices of fruit.. . I actually felt a tad overwhelmed, not by the meat, but the potatoes, while great, it was just so much starch to digest, but non the less, it was still satisfactory and the flavorings in each bite were awesome. . . Service was awesome but paying at the end seemed to drag because we had to wait in line to pay at the register....but regardless, I would definitely go here for breakfast if I ever wake up in time during my Vegas trips.
I finally got to eat @ Egg & I this past Saturday, 03/30/13. Monday comes along and I'm back in the office and I read that a car plows into this restaurant. WTF? I hope everyone who was injured in this moronic act a speedy recovery. I also hope they are able to be fully operational again ASAP (if not already). . . Egg & I is located minutes from the strip on Sahara. I believe their other restaurant goes by the name of Egg Works. This restaurant is open everyday but only between the hours of 6am-3pm. We got plastered the night before and somehow were able to wake up and drive our zombie behinds to eat here the next day right before noon. The wait wasn't too bad considering the restaurant isn't too big to begin with. . . Our server Jacky was a sweet heart. She was uber friendly and attentive even when it seemed like the restaurant was chaotic. How many other tables did she have with abunch of hung over dudes, possibly acting a fool beats the hell out of me. She was holding it down like a seasoned veteran. She started us off with that infamous banana nut muffin. This is not to be missed especially with a cup of joe.. . Not going to lie and say that this place serves health conscious types of food. They may have some "lighter" dishes but the menu is dominated by heavy hitters. Everything we ordered was either smothered with country gravy or had some sort of heavy but tasty sauce. We thought of this great game plan to all order our own entrees and add an extra French toast plate to share amongst the five of us. Bad, bad decision. One entree is an adequate amount of grub. Anymore, you may want to check your blood pressure.. . There are plenty of choices on their menu and as you can imagine, numerous egg inspired dishes. From skillets to classics, you'll find something for everyone. I had the Country Benny, you can look it up yourself. Let's just the menu states, "This one's a heart stopper." Need I say more? That dish was good but I also hated life afterwards. No regrets, it was delish while I was conquering that beast but just be ready for the consequences.. . Egg & I is definitely a hit. I can see why locals and tourists flock to this establishment. We ate here and I had to immediately go back to our hotel to pass out and recover in time for night two. Only in Sin City...
Always a pleasure to visit when im town. Nice variety of egg breakfast meals to satisfy anyone!
Breakfast was delicious they have 4 egg omelets and a standard is 3 eggs. Portions are plentiful definitely need to walk it off on the strip. Only disappointing item was Daily Egg Burger. Was too dry for me and the eggs yolk was already fully cooked. Other then that, you will walk out with a to-go container.
Had the Eggs Benedict and the Greek Omelet.. Both were excellent.. Service was great. Prices very reasonable.
really great omlett for a great price. the muffins are awesome!
So, so close to Five Stars, but given the fact that the coffee is weak and flavorless, I have to take it down to four.  Otherwise:. . - STELLAR breakfast food. - Some of the best omelettes I've ever had in my entire life (the standouts for us were the chile relleno and the avocado/bacon). - Biscuits and gravy are LEGIT. . Prices are low, service is great.
I always eat here when I am in Vegas. The food is always fresh and they have a huge menu. If you can't find something on the menu you like, you really have something wrong with you.  I've never had a bad breakfast however I have had a few service snafus but they were easily corrected.  Not far from the strip and well worth the effort.
Paid a recent visit after probably ten years since my last meal here. Just as good as I remember. Skillet breakfasts always satisfy. Good coffee. Friendly and prompt service.
I'm guessing a little wait time is typical here, because the food here is really good.  Its worth the short wait.  Moderately priced and off the strip a few miles.  I had the Rellanos omelet and it was really good.  Great Service.
The one thing I love about this place is the fact that it's off the strip, and it serves up the classic homey style feel, rather than the over-glamorized you would expect in Vegas. Yeah you come this city hoping to escape into another reality, but it's nice to come down from the clouds once in a while.. . The one thing I have to admire is there amazing variety of amazing egg selections. I Decided on going with their Chile Relleno Omelette, which was on the money, but their Banana Nut Muffin is THE thing to get. . . Listen, if you feel like wondering off the strip for some good home eatin', why not here??
Very Good Food.  Service was super great.  They went above and beyond  what I expected.
Great breakfast spot when you're in Vegas! Off strip so you avoid strip traffic.Eggs everything!!! Plus lunch if you're not into eggs (weirdo). Their omelettes are perfectly done with great flavors, fresh veggies and tons of cheese. Eggs Benedicts were perfectly done. Portion sizes were spot on for an Merican. Works potatoes are freaking delicious! They taste like seasoned French fries. I love all things potatoes- If this place was called potatoes and I, I would probably give it 10 stars based on potential alone. Service is great- quick, efficient, and friendly. . . Must try's: works potatoes, banana nut muffin, eggs of all kinds.. . Yummilicious factor- A
Had a great experience venturing off-Strip for weekend brunch! This place was super popular on Yelp and won so many local awards, we were forced to check it out. Arrived early afternoon, there was pretty much no wait, even though there were some customers lingering near the entrance inside and the place was still full! Service was extremely down-to-earth, friendly, and attentive!. . This place has a huge menu (in the form of a "newspaper"...if that gives you some idea). There were so many choices it was really hard to decide on just one =( The variety is vast, but the bulk of the items were simple, straightforward, typical breakfast dishes with unique modifications/twists or add-ons. My husband's chile relleno omelet was such a great idea for an omelet...the juicy chile and the cheese tasted amazing wrapped in egg! My benedict's garden (vegetarian version of egg's benedict) was superb as well. Even though one of the items listed in my dish was guacamole, I was SO pleasantly surprised when it arrived NOT as guacamole, but pretty much a whole avocado sliced up!!! You don't get that often, even in California! +10 points for that! The whole combination of poached eggs, hollandaise sauce, and avocado was such a delicious creamy mix, and perfectly-balanced by the crisp freshness of the tomatoes. I basically devoured it in under 5 minutes...and then had to wait for the husband to finish his plate *rolls eyes.* We both agreed that their seasoned potatoes were freaking AMAZING. We don't know what kind of seasoning they use, but it reminded us of Cajun and it was to die for. I wish they sold it by the bottle!.  . Wonderful place, with reasonable prices (total with tax came out to be $27) and a great cup of coffee as well. The awesome staff makes it even better!
Solid breakfast joint!. . We decided to go off the strip for breakfast this past weekend to save some money. I swear we always spend at least $50 on breakfast when we eat in the hotels. Breakfast at Egg & I was under $30 :). . They were busy when we arrived and we waited about 15 minutes to be seated. They put us on the patio, luckily it wasn't too hot yet and there was one table left with shade. It was tolerable.. . Service was decent but not over the top. They have a system where if you need something you flip over a plastic egg on the table and the waitress will come back. Seems like they never check on you unless you flip the egg.. . Breakfast was good. I had the eggs benedict with bacon instead of canadian bacon. One of the bacon slices was too fatty and not cooked enough, but the other one was good. The hollandaise was tasty, although a little runny. The potatoes on the side had a nice flavor to them.. . BF had their daily special, which was Cinnamon Roll French Toast. It was really good, had a custard batter. Too sweet for me, but he enjoyed it a lot. That was also served with a little cup of yummy cinnamon apples. I liked those very much.. . You pay at the register, which is kind of annoying because that area is already super cramped with people waiting and there isn't really anywhere to stand in line to pay without getting in somebody's way. Overall though, a good breakfast place. If you're willing to drive a couple minutes off the strip to save some cash, I recommend this place!
The stuffed French toast was amazing! 2 massive pieces with 4 eggs in each one. Big portion at a good price. Banana Nut muffins to die for. Came after breakfast so there was no wait.
I came here today with a good friend from out of town who wanted some breakfast while he waited for some car servicing to be done.  He let me choose the place and this was it.  I've driven by a lot of times and never stopped.  That was changed today.. . We were seated promptly and were served coffee and water promptly while we looked through their extensive menu done in the form of a tabloid newspaper.. . I got the Benedict's Garden, a vegetarian Eggs Benedict.  It came with English muffin halves on the bottom, then sliced grilled tomatoes, some avocado, and topped (the menu says smothered which is close) with Hollandaise.  There were potatoes and a side of some fresh fruit.  My friend got the Mexican omelette which was the special of the day.. . Everything was really good.  My eggs and the mixture of avocado and tomato with the Hollandaise was quite good.  The breakfast potatoes were really flavorful and the small slice of canteloupe and fresh pineapple was like having a dessert at breakfast.  My friend thought his omelette was one of the best he has had.  Be prepared for a large breakfast.  The omelettes are listed as four eggs.. . We chatted and passed a considerable amount of time.  Service was fast and cheerful.  It was a good way to start the day.
After weeks of passing it up saying "we really need to go there soon", we FINALLY took the plunge and stopped in for breakfast. I have no idea why we waited so long... It was one of the most enjoyable breakfasts I have had in a LONG time. . . I sort of built my own eggs Benedict and was pleasantly surprised by the hollandaise sauce that came with it! The hash brown patties were perfectly crisp (side order) and the coffee was quality. . . Great "default" breakfast/brunch place! Very casual demeanor and the staff is SO pleasant. Our server was Amanda; she was great! Will definitely be going back soon for breakfast, and will more than likely stop in for lunch!
BEST BREAKFAST EVER.. . So good the wife and I went two days in a row during a recent visit to Vegas. . . 4 Star Breakdown from two days:. . WAIT TIME: 4*. Day 1 : Long ( We were told 15min , and it ended up being over 30min wait.) . Day 2 : Quick ( seated in about 5- 10 min. ). . . Food: AMAZING!!!! 5*. . . Service: 4* ( They have clever yellow / black eggs as signs that you need help). . Day 1 : Had a server by the name of Amanda, who ROCKED!!! She was the perfect      host, and made the experience great. (she gets 5 *+ ). . Day 2: Never got the servers name( skinny preggo chick), she never came buy often, and when she did, she would completely forget about stuff we asked for. The guy next to us sat there for a good 20min before she took his drink order, and even longer to get him his meal. I had asked for a refill of water, and she seemed to bring water to everyone around us, except for me. The she abruptly brought us our bill that we had not asked for , while we were still eating, and didn't even ask if we wanted anything else. Oh yeah I still hadn't gotten my water, so I asked her again and finally as we were getting up to leave, she brought water. . . . . Overall, This is a MUST when I'm in Vegas.
Wow!  Decided to eat away from the tourist spot.  I found a coupon in one of the LV booklets you get at the hotel, it was buy one get one free breakfast. This place is definitely worth going to.  It's about 10mins from the strip.. . Food:  Corned Beef Hash and eggs, Eggs Benedict Florentine,  Banana muffins.. . Corned Beef Hash:  husband really enjoyed the "real" corned beef in the hash!. . Eggs Benedict Florentine:  Yummy!  The sauce was delicious, I think I would stick with the original eggs Benedict.  The spinach was served fresh and not sauteed which I was expecting.. . Banana Muffins:  this is what they are known for!  Must get them!! They were so good, we ordered 6 to take back to the hotel!. . The service was AWESOME too :)
Fantastic....got me an ultimate skillet. season well...
The breakfast was very good. Mist dishes were delicious.  Don't order the buckwheat pancakes. They were very dry and blend. My yogurt with fruit and granola was yummy. So were all the homemade muffins. The skillets were very good if you don't watch your cholesterol or count the calories. I would definitely come back
Patio seating is nice, if u dont mind a few flies. Very nice staff so far. I really enjoyed my meal. The home fries are good and so was my veggie and bacon omelette. I will come back next time im in town.
Friendly folks, lots of seating, good food and coffee - my only complaint was that the potatoes were very salty.  Other than that, tasty and good - it was great to get away from the Strip on our trip and just be with the locals.  Our server was lovely and it was an overall great breakfast experience.  Would definitely return.
Great local breakfast restaurant.. Fantastic service, selection and prices.. . Anything from basic steak and eggs to a selection of benedicts to loco moco.  All filling and oh so good.. . Next time you are visiting Vegas, take a little drive and get out of the overpriced resort restaurants.
Recently ate breakfast here on a Sunday morning in mid Oct '13.. . Wait : 20 mins for 2 patrons at 10:30am. : 3 stars. Dining room : simplistic but acceptable appointments (furniture, wall decor) : 3 stars. Menu choices:  plenty of options, and menu was easy to read : 4 stars. . Food : my party ordered :. breakfast burrito - 5 stars, . pancakes - 5 stars, . scrambled eggs - 4 stars, . bacon - 3 stars, . 'work' potatoes - 4 stars, . fruit plate - 4 stars. . Value : reasonable prices for quality of food, good prices for quantity of food. . Summary :. I enjoyed my visit and would visit again.
I would give the food 5 stars; my wife would give it a 3.  We had to wait 20 minutes for a server and Crystal came to our rescue.  It was not her station and she was a star once she knew we hadn't been served.  . . I went there for Loco Moco but ordered the Island Favorite; Portuguese sausage, eggs and sticky rice with a slice of fresh pineapple.  It was a real treat!   I have used Kikkoman soy sauce all my life and was pleasantly surprised by "Aloha Soy Sauce" that Crystal brought to the table.  It is slightly sweet and was a nice change.  . . My wife said the biscuits and gravy were good but did not enjoy the "works potatoes: which looked like diced potatoes, deep friend and seasoned with Lawry's seasoning salt.  She had a side of bacon which was really good.
When in another city eat like the locals. Don't stay on the strip in Vegas, sometimes the best food is worth driving for! And this place right here is no exception.. . Even on a busy morning we were seated quickly. Our waitress was super friendly and quick to come by and see if we needed anything before she took our order.. . The food came out and I was pleasantly surprised at the amount and the quality. The scramble I got was basically overflowing from the dish it was served in and the pancake, I shit you not, was spilling over the plate! haha.. . Definitely going to be a stop in spot each time in LV.
Very friendly staff and delicious meals. The only problem is that is high on fat and you have to wait 15-20 mins to start eating. The banana nut muffin is overrated. If you check in with foursquare you can get the muffin for free.
I love this spot. It is one of my top 10. I can eat break fast all day. I love there potatoes. I usually get a skillet with meat and potatoes. Perfect hang over food, for me any way. Only thing I don't like is this place is always packed. Many locals know about this place. I haven't ate inside yet, I always order over the phone, and pick it up. It stays busy for a reason.
Good breakfast, good service, good parking, not a long wait. :)
This was another great Yelp find. Very friendly and quick service keeps this local breakfast restaurant moving smoothly. The food was great, no bad surprises. The banana but muffins have a great flavor, but the texture could be improved upon.. . Great eggs, good chorizo, fresh fruit was sweet and hash was good too. Great place for a simple but tasty breakfast!
I HATE breakfast food... And I like this place :) I have found that after a night out, everyone always wants breakfast foods. This is a great place to take your breakfast-loving friends and still get what you want!. . Must try:. Muffins- They are to die for! Try the banana nut, AWESOME!. Cincinnati Chili- It certainly isn't Skyline, but at least they are trying :) . Fruit Plate- Fresh and someone else did all the work cutting it up for me. . . Skip:. Salads - I have tried two different salads here. Although there is enough to feed a family of 4, bigger portions don't make a better salad. I found the chicken really boring and dry. I will be trying something different next time. . . The service: It has always been the same. I get greeted by a friendly person, served by an even friendlier person and bid goodbye by an even friendlier friendly person. I think they have conquered good service. I love their happy eggs on the table :)
Items selected:. . Coffee. Cinnamon Roll. Banana Nut Muffin. Chocolate Chip Pumpkin Pancakes. Carrot Cake French Toast with Sassy Apples. . With a house full of boxes waiting to be unpacked and a long run already in the morning's rearview it was with carbohydrates on my mind that we descended on venerable The Egg & I just after 6:30am and finding only a few regulars inhabiting the space as a half dozen holiday-clad servers stood in waiting I can only assume that both food and services rendered were as good as the restaurant gets...and both were pretty darn good.  A whimsical concept with a plethora of breakfast staples "eggceptionally" categorized plus a number of seasonal specials it was without hesitation that eyes turned to things autumnal and with a full pot of coffee in hand each dish that followed was exactly as expected - fresh, comfortable, and delicious; the sort of thing you 'could' make at home but never do...though if you make banana bread this light and moist or carrot cake pudding moldable to crispy French Toast I'll gladly come over, bring the coffee, and do dishes.
Just like most other reviews say , the banana muffin is great- the potatoes are as well- the wife & myself both had the skillets , they were good . Plenty to eat , service was good staff was friendly , food came out quick- a good place off the strip
I ate at this place yesterday before heading back to San Diego and had the best Chocolate chip pumpkin pancakes ever!  Okay, maybe they were the only ones I've ever tried, but still, I thought the pancakes were great, yet maybe a little on the sweet side.  I had no idea that this place was going to be so popular and after eating there I know why.  The staff was pretty friendly as well.  I wouldn't mind coming back to this establishment for breakfast next time I am in Vegas.
This place is one POPULAR and PACKED breakfast spot on weekends that's for sure.. . Although they were super busy and packed the one weekend day we showed up, we were seated immediately near the back where the patio seating is. . . I ordered one of their scrambles I believe and I got the banana bread on the side as well. Banana bread was seriously super moist and very buttery. I loved it!. . Service was very friendly and efficient. . . Pricing is obviously very affordable being that it's off The Strip. Once again, we love eating where the locals eat. Best bang for your buck fo sho! Thanks Vegas Yelpers for helping us find this decent breakfast joint.
I always loved the Egg & I. My dad used to take me here when I was a child, and I've been coming back ever since. I drive about 30 minutes to get to this particular location.. . I had an egg-crepe with mushrooms, bacon, and cheese- breakfast potatoes and banana bread sides. Although I wasn't impressed with the "crepe", it wasn't the fault of the cooks. The eggs came out perfectly cooked and of course I polished off every morsel of fried potato on the plate and considered picking a couple cold ones off the floor that have been there since we stopped in. YES- THAT GOOD! So back to the crepe, it was like trying olives for the first time in a restaurant and deciding you don't like olives. It's not their fault you don't like olives.. I don't like egg-crepes.. . The banana nut muffin.. Oh man.. Would it be terrible to walk in there and order a loaf of banana bread and just eat it all for breakfast? Probably for your arteries, yes- but it's damn good for the soul.. . Everything here is delicious. EVERYTHING!
The Egg & I is an outstanding local diner with great service and great food.   It's the perfect hangover cure and refreshing escape from the strip.   We usually visit this place when en-route to Utah for road trips.  Definitely check it out.
The food is excellent, the service is iffy but then again they are super busy so I guess it's hard to get it right & knock it out of the park all the time. Pancakes are awesome, eggs of course are great. Bacon tastes good (pork chops are goooood, Pulp Fiction reference). 5 for the food, 3 for the service (4 overall). If you're visiting Vegas, come here as you will leave with your stomach more than satisfied and your wallet won't take a pounding like it would on the strip!
Egg & I is better than Hash House A Go Go by a long shot!. . I'm not a fan of breakfast foods but even I liked this place! Great service, good food, large portions for the price!. . Great flavor and surprisingly not too heavy / oily if you order the right things. I got the Benedict Garden and bf got the chile relleno omelet with a side of guac. Both our dishes were fresh and delicious. Hearty portions but just enough to leave you feeling satisfied and not sluggish.The banana nut muffin that came with it was delish as well. Love that the potatoes were seasoned, crispy, and not too oily or soggy at all.. . If you're wondering where to go for breakfast, do yourself a favor and come here! Skip Hash House a Go Go and their buttery, greasy, bland disgusting junk they call food...that place is so overrated.. . TIP: check in on Foursquare to get a free banana nut muffin :)
