worthwhile to go here if you stay near paris, cosmopolitan or bellagio. super cheap food on the strip. . $6 for a warm sandwich. . I had the earl's club. . The sandwich is toasted, filled with melting cheese! . I will come here again
VERY yummy! Delicious and reasonable.
Quick, great price and tasty. The breakfast BLT was just made, hot, crispy, and fresh lettuce and tomato. $3.99 it cannot beat.
What a great spot when you are craving something a little more mellow instead of the glutenous buffets that are everywhere in Vegas.  My buddy was raving about this place on the ride up from the OC and claimed that it was the best sandwich shop and blew away the quiznos, togos and subways of the world.  The place is simple... sandwiches with great flavor combinations.  I went with the original classic - roast beef with a light horseraddish sauce on a warm toasted bread... oohhh... makes me hungry now just thinking about it.
I've only been here once and I'm already hooked. In fact, I find myslef dreaming about their sandwiches the way I dream about winning the 355 megamillion lottery. . . The bread is buttery and crispy. The meat is so tender and flavorful and goes perfectly well with its creamy horseradish sauce. Such a simple and classic combination, but oh-so-flavorful.. . Earl, you are my new crush. It's a love-hate relationship. I love that it's so tasty, but I hate that there are no locations in OC. . . I don't need the typical partying excuse to go to Vegas, I just need Earl's.
Came in here at 3 am to get a snack after the club, really like the sandwich here. They are tasty and good for the wallet better than togos, quiznos and subway.  It is located in Planet Hollywood inside the casino at the front of starbucks. It is open 24 hours and the prices are stupid affordable. If you are saving some money on food because you want to spend your money on casinos, clubs, or whatever the heck your trying to do in Vegas.
Okay if I could I would give this 24 Hour place a 4.5 Star rating and here's why.. . I ended up trying this place partially because I wanted to see what the best cheap eats in Las Vegas were. So I went there one day and grabbed a late lunch, and when I took my first bite it was absolutely wonderful. So much better than any sandwich I've had in Canada. . . I love their full Montagu sandwich, it was tasty, delicious and of great value. (In Canada are food portions are usually smaller than the U.S, so for me the sandwich was a good size.) The bun is always crispy but not hard so that it rips the roof of your mouth. (not a fan of hard breads) and the way that everything just melds is amazingly simple yet is a melt in your mouth experience that is hard to describe.. . During my stay in Vegas I ate there 3 times and each sandwich has always made my stomach smile. (I remember one was Hawaiian, but I can't remember the 3rd). The only downfall is that if you are a bit of health nut then you may want to watch out for the sodium levels. I know they are quite high. . . But what most people may not mention is that their salads are absolutely great for the price you pay. Salads are never prepackaged and suffocating in a plastic container. They are made fresh and taste wonderful. The pricing of around 6 bucks for a salad is almost unheard of in Las Vegas. . . At the end if you're looking for a sandwich and salad meal for under $13 US, definitely go to Earl. You can't get better value. . . Considering what the cost of other meals in Vegas are, this is a great place for bachelors and people who are with a family and budget conscious.
This place is great for sandwiches.  Great price, esp considering the surrounding choices, when all you are looking for is something to eat.
Awsome place to grab a sandwhich, I had to go twice while I was in Las Vegas. Great food and firendly service.
I was staying at Planet Hollywood and the Miracle Mile mall is right next door.  Rather that eat a "food court" lunch I decided to try the Earl of Sandwich, which is at the front of the Miracle Mile entrance.. I ordered a tuna melt, which I wanted cold.  The sandwich came out hot - the manger explained that the bread had to be baked and he offered to remake the sandwich, bake the bread, then add the ingredients.. Rather than wait, I went ahead with the tuna melt and I was pleasantly surprised.  The bread was excellent, and the tuna and cheese inside was very good.  This is also one of the less expensive meals I have had in Vegas - all in all a good deal and highly recommended.
Conveniently located in Planet Hollywood, right by the entrance to the Miracle Mile shops and close enough to the casino. I enjoyed the original 1762. The hot sandwich didn't have much (roast beef, cheddar cheese, and horseradish sauce with no veggies), but it was perfect the way it was. Juicy roast beef that wasn't overcooked with the cheese melted right on top. Their coffee is quite good too. The place is open 24 hours, so it's a great place to pick up a meal at any time of day. Free wi-fi too!
Okay this place is really just 3.5 stars in my book but being open 24 hours a day, located in my hotel, and cheap gives it an extra half of star. Theres nothing spectacular about these sandwiches but it is an excellent value. We tried the original, full montagu, and one with turkey and cranberries that was bomb. I wanted to like this place more and was expecting more after all the great reviews. It was tastey and soaked up some booze at 5am.
Open 24 hrs and awesome sandwiches all day...what is not to like? The sandwiches are great but have to be eaten right away. I tried taking one back to my room and it just wasn't the same. All of the sandwiches are toasted to order and you have to wait a minute for them to come up....but its worth it. Get there before 11am and you'll get to try one of the breakfast sandwiches...the BLT was delicious. The lunch line got a little crazy but they got through it pretty quickly. Its certainly "fast" food.
At our recent Vegas trip, we stayed at the PH Westgate Towers and this joint was situated nicely in the hotel.  It will now be a staple for us every time we're in need of a good sandwich.  We tried the Earl's Club and the Full Montagu (both hot).  I don't know what they put in their sandwiches...maybe crack (j/k)??  The sandwiches were awesomely delicious!  My only complaint is that I wished they were bigger!
What is there left to say when 653 other Yelpers have already spilled the beans about the Earl of Sandwich? There was only one thing left to do which was to see what the hype was all about myself. . . The place is located inside the Planet Hollywood across from the sports book. It's open 24/7 for all you lovely belligerent and drunk, 5 inch heels in hand meaning blackened Hobbit feet, crusted yack on chin folks. The Earl just might be your savior.. . For a measly $5-6, you can get a nice, freshly made and toasted sandwich. There are many options to choose from such as the classic club to the Hawaiian bbq. Of course there are other items on the menu like their rich tomato soup (I recommend the croutons on the side), salads, wraps, and so forth. . . The word about the Earl of Sandwich is out so don't go bezerk if you see a pessimistic long line. Their efficient staff will keep the lines steadily moving and it shouldn't take too long for the orders to be called. The only downfall is possibly the seating for it may fill up quickly.. . On our most recent trip to Sin City, we stopped by Earl's twice due to the fact that we stayed at PH and so it was always a short walk away. On a random note, I would like to state that for some odd reason I enjoyed the sandwiches from Earl the next morning after it was left out over night more than straight out of the oven. Perhaps it was the hangover munchies?. . Give the Earl a hollar if you're ever in the (702) area code.
The Earl of Sandwich is a great sandwich place in Planet Hollywood.  It's fast, convenient, and affordable.  I like the way they toast the bread and when you bite into your sandwich you get this nice, satisfying crunch.  For those of you walking down the strip and is in need for something very cheap and good go visit The Earl of Sandwich.
huh.... #1 on "Hot on Yelp" on the Yelp homepage for Las Vegas. I was expecting some expensive 5-star restaurant. But when I think about it, Earl of Sandwich is something I always crave on my Vegas trip.. . Not only is it the best drunk food (opened late), it's also perfect for lunch and dinner. It's located in the casino part (not the mile shops) of Planet Hollywood. . . Every time I come here, my go-to sandwich is the cannonball. Delicious bread, meatballs, marinara, and gooey cheeeeese. Simple, yet gorgeous.. My boyfriend and I shared one as an after-club snack and on the last bite of my boyfriend's sandwich, he dropped the last meatball on the floor. In all honesty, it was the saddest part of our night. So sad that we talked about it the next morning, very true story.. . It's that good, man.
Pros: Tomato soup, BLT, open 24 hours. Cons: Kinda pricey for a sandwich. . Came here on my last trip to Vegas and I'm pretty impressed. Although, they're known for their roast beef, I ended up ordering their BLT sandwich.  The bacon was nice and smokey. What really makes the sandwich, however, is the bread. It's nice and toasted. Booyah.. . I also ordered a tomato soup that also hit the spot.. . Although I ate here during dinner, they're also open 24 hours. If I were drunk and looking for a late night bite, I'd definitely come by here again.
OMG so good!! i was in vegas for two days and I had this twice AND i bought a couple to fly home with me!.  . Loved their tuna melt, the prices were cheap and the bread is AH-MAZING! they need to open a branch over here in LA!
So for the first food trip of LV 2011 is.................Earl's! Huh?  Not a buffet???!  Nope...we were hungry, in a rush and wanted to spend less than $10.. . Located right in the Miracle Mile Shops and PH Casinos....I'm glad I get to experience this place the first chance we get because every time we walked past them since...it's been long lines and packed packed packed.  The lines are so ridiculous long that my buddies and I termed it....Loser Lane....hehe....where you lost big in gambling....trying to get cheap food/kill time at the same time :). . I ordered the Roast Beef sandwich with horseradish cream sauce and veggies.  I tend to always order the Roast Beef at every new sandwich shop I go to...so this place is no different.  Add into the fact that most of thecrew ordered their special or the Italian....so I chose to be different.. . All I can is...my sandwich is juicy..tender...tastes great with the creamy horseradish sauce all for under $10.  I wished the portion was bigger though...and...well....let's just say the rest of the night of drinking hit me harder than it should because there's not enough food in my tummy :(. . Overall, pretty good sandwich to check out if you are sick of buffets, trying to kill time and don't want to gamble.
EXCELLENT. I've been here twice at two separate times. I love it, the food was delicious. :). . I ordered a Caribbean Jack and famous Earl Sandwich. So if you need to pick something to order, I would highly recommend those two. :D. . The sandwiches here beats Subway by a landslide. So forget Subway or Micky D's when you get Earl's!
Earl of Sandwich is a pretty stellar sandwich place that's very, very good. But I have to stay I was still expecting a little bit more judging from all the praise that it was getting. Besides, four stars does mean that I'm a fan, right? Located in Planet Hollywood, it was one of the few places that I ate at during the weekend we spent in Vegas, and among everything, it was probably the best. The place is open 24 hours so that alone, earns my respect.. . Surprisingly, even with the long line, it moves pretty rapidly. For larger groups, better have someone reserve your table. Even then, people demand chairs like they belong to them so you may be treated to some rude displays of human beings being human beings. I got a Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich, which is basically a chicken sub with spicy sauce, red peppers and banana peppers. For the most part, the sub was pretty fresh but occassionally, I would get half a pepper that was stale or slightly crusty. I wasn't sure whether it was just dry or toasted too much. Either way, that's a no-no.. . Sandwiches run at about $6-8. Earl of Sandwich is a fitting name, it's definitely no King.
I've come here on every Vegas trip for one simple reason..BOMB ASS $6 SANDWICHES!! I think I've tried 6-7 of their sandwiches and 2 of their wraps; everything hit the spot. . . My favorites were the "Original 1762" and "Full Montagu." The horseradish and mustard sauces, respectively, really brought the flavors of the sandwiches together. But let's be honest, you cant go wrong with any of the other sandwiches they have. . . Thank God that they're open 24 hours; this place makes for some good drunk food. But it doesn't matter the level of inebriation you're in EAT HERE!
Every time I come to Vegas, I really look forwardto these sandwiches. They're simple, they're affordable, they're open late and they're delicious!. . I was first introduced to these sandwiches when my family and I were exploring Plant Hollywood's Miracle Mile shops and the then "new" PH Westgate condos. We stopped by here after one of the hostess recommended it and I've been a fan ever since.. . I enjoy the variety they offer, especially on their signature hot sandwich menu. I've had a couple and they are all tasty. These are a couple of my favorites, depending on what food mood I am in.. . For a tasty well-rounded sandwich, I'd go with The Full Montagu (Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce).. . For something tangy and sweet, I'd go with the Caribbean Jerk Chicken (Grilled Chicken, Roasted Red & Banana Peppers & Spicy Jerk Sauce).. . For something healthy and light I'd go with the Caprese (Fresh Mozzarella, Roma Tomato, Fresh Basil & Drizzled Balsamic Vinaigrette).. . One of my favorites remains the Italian because of my love for salami. (Salami, Capicola, Ham, Mortadella, Zesty Italian Dressing, Mozzarella & Roma Tomato (Peppers Optional).. . A great place to eat, no matter what time of the day.. . I'd also recommend their ice cream brownie sandwich because the brownie "halves" are rich and filling.
Damn, I was so not ready for this.. My taste buds we're definitely fried, the last thing that I wanted was a sandwich.  I didn't want to chew anything, I'd much rather prefer soup if I was to eat anything at all.  My friend insisted on walking (another activity I was dreading) to PH to get Earl of Sandwich though.  FML.. I'd passed this place many times before, not really caring for a sandwich in Vegas.  I can always remember it being busy though.  Now I know why.  Even with my busted taste buds, I could still taste that this sandwich was definite hangover goodness.  The tortilla soup, while a little too thick for me, still had flavor and went down easy on the throat.. All of this for only about $13 bucks with a drink.  I'm going to have to come back at the beginning of a Vegas trip next time.
Casino food locations can be hit and miss and this Earl of Sandwich location is always a hit with me.. . Located in Planet Hollywood, this was a convenient dinner choice after a long day working (Yes, you read that right) and not wanting to venture far for food.  I had just checked into the hotel and taken my bags upstairs and wanted to go somewhere easy and super casual.  This is a walk up and order kind of deal and it's sandwiches, easy 'nuf.. . They say, "You are what you eat" and I have been told I'm All American on more than one occasion.  This sandwich is served hot with turkey, buttermilk dressing, cranberries, cheddar cheese, lettuce and tomato.  I'm not a huge fan of hot sandwiches (read: Quizno's) but everything coming off the conveyor belt smelled really good, so I took a chance.. . I'm glad I did.  This has become one of my favorite sandwiches and I ate here the following night as well.  The service was quick and the location was clean and seated many people.  This will be a dedicated dining spot anytime I stay at Planet Hollywood or happen to be close by and hungry.
Great value for a hot toasted sandwich!  Great for lunch, even better after a night of partying - it's open 24 hours!. . Really enjoyed the original - tender, pink roast beef with cheddar and creamy mild horseradish.  . . Walk-up and order - for $5.99 you won't be disappointed.  I love how all the sandwiches are priced the same.
Delicious!! Its awesome that you can order food from a deli in a Vegas hotel and the sandwiches start from $5.99... Their sandwiches are yummmy too!! If you're staying at the hotel, you don't need to go anywhere else, pick up a sandwich and bring it up to your room to enjoy.... . This place is open 24 hours and will not disappoint you.. Other delis or restaurants around here will charge you over $10, where this place you'll pay under $8 for a good sandwich... . . My group ordered the club, Hawaiian, roast beef, and the mozzarella sandwiches and we were VERY pleased with all our options.. They did not disappoint us at all.. This is definitely a great place to grab a quick bite so all those carbs will absorb the alcohol you're going to be drinking for the night...
Great sandwich, excellent value. $5.99 for a really good sandwich on the strip? Yes, it's true! The sandwiches were smaller than I expected them to be, but were also much more flavorful than expected. We just had sandwiches. No sides, no chips, nothing else, and we were perfectly satisfied, but certainly not stuffed. Perfect!. I had "The Italian" and my wife had the "Caprese" and both were very tasty. I would certainly eat here again.
Was STARVING after a night of partying in the highest heels I owned, and we all wanted some immediate, rumbly-in-my-tumbly gratification. I've never been to Earl of Sandwhich but B and his friends always make a point to stop by on a Vegas trip, so it must be pretty good. +1 already when i saw their list of hot sandwiches - i love hot sammiches. . . Earl of Sandwhich is just a short hop and a skip away from the casino, and the line was pretttty long. But the sandwiches were good enough and/or we were lazy enough that we ended up getting in line anyway. . . Ravenous B (as usual) ordered the Cannonball! and the Earl's Club. Cannonball! was only okay, nothing notable, but The Earl's Club was a very classic sandwich - can't go wrong there. I got the Italian, which was BOMB. Even though the sandwiches are on the small side, I didn't end up eating all of it since we also got the Chicken Tortilla Soup, which was delicious and scaldingly hot ("And Andrea, I mean SCALDING hot.") Another +1 since we both hate lukewarm soup. Saved the last half of my sandwich to eat later that night, and it was STILL delicious.. . at ~$6 per sandwich,it's a little expensive for the size. But considering I paid that much for a glass of grapefruit juice later that day, this is probably the best deal you're going to get. Aside from Steak-and-Eggs.
We stayed at planet hollywood, and Earl is right downstairs from our room,  If your looking for something gourmet, this isn't it. Very simple and tasty hot panini, not alot of stuff in them mostly meat and a small amount of cheese. We particularly enjoyed their breakfast sandwiches, The only reason for the minus 1 star was the service was not friendly-but I didn't expect anything more so ....
Really good sandwiches, and I'm not a big sandwich guy.  The line moves really fast.. . The only downside is that the service here BLOWS.  I have never seen a more rude and disinterested group of people.  Definitely a downside.
This is really a 4.5 star rating.. . Where to begin... These sandwiches are crazy good.  I tried three different sandwiches that I shared between my wife and another friend.  They were all awesome.  My wife (who isn't even a big fan of sandwiches) took one bite that quickly followed with her eyes opening up wide and just saying "wow."  She then followed by asking "how the hell did they do that?"  There's a reason why there's always a line and bit of a wait, but for the shear volume of customers they have they do a good job of not making you wait too long to enjoy one of their great creations.
My favorite place to grab a sandwich in Las Vegas.  After a night of partying, if a mighty good sammy is what you're looking for, then I suggest you stop by PH.  You will not be disappointed on your meal.  Sometimes I can barely finish both halves of my sammy - I end up saving the other half for later.
This is one of my favorite spots in Vegas, and since it's open 24 hours I can go any time I want! Their sandwiches  are delicious, the service is quick, and the food is very reasonably priced, too (only $5.99 for a sandwich). It's also conveniently located inside Planet Hollywood hotel just a minute's walk from Fat Tuesday, so you can kill two birds with one stone while you're here. . . My personal favorites are the Full Montagu and the Earl's Club. We ended up ordering extra sandwiches for our way back home on our trip there this past weekend, so lucky for me I have an Earl's Club waiting for me at home for lunch!
I really enjoyed this place!  I'm not sure if they have different locations.  I went to the one in Planet Hollywood.  It was so good!  I tried The Original (roast beef, cheese, horseradish dressing) and The Full Montagu (roast beef, turkey, swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomato & mustard).  Both were awesome.  The sandwiches are toasted to perfection =)  I also liked the potato salad and the tomato soup (with croutons).  Everything was delicious!  I'll definitely try them again.
This place is outstanding...i had The Original 1762 but easy on the horse radish sauce....The quality of the sandwich was top notch.  I gotta try their other sandwiches!
for a chain sandwich shop, i was very pleasantly surprised at how fresh and delish it was!  i hadn't had an Earl sandwich since the 80's, when they had a spot in Sacramento, so i couldn't remember what to expect.  i'm in love with the *All American* minus the ranch.  there's so many more i want to try i guess i'll just have to visit vegas again, oh darn.  . . thank you to that huge group from the AVN awards/convention for making our lunch memorable.  get your minds outta the gutter.  the conversation was all over the place and full of laughs!
FAV: Earl's Club . . so i wasn't really a fan of this place the first time around, but back in december i decided to give it another tr.... . and boy did it change my mind!!! . . the bread just crumbles when you take a bite and the flavors and everything just mesh so well!!! . . Definitely a must try whether its a 9 am or 2 am...!!! . . although im not sure if i would try the bbq chicken again
Read the reviews and decided to give it a go.  Definitely was not disappointed.  It was lunchtime on a Saturday and the place had a decent line going.  The menu is fairly extensive so you'll likely find something you'll like.  . . I had the original roast beef which was freakin' awesome.  It was warm, gooey from the melted cheese and just really flavorful.  Put a little dijon mustard on there and you have a piece of sandwich heaven in your hands.. . My fiancee had the tuna melt and from the bite that I had... or rather, the only bite she allowed me... it was very good as well.  . . Prices aren't all that bad for a damn good sandwich.  Will I return?  Probably.  It's a nice alternative to countless buffets and foo-fooey restaurants in Sin City.
Original sandwich, toasted bread, horseradish, deliciousness. Need I say more?. . This place was fast, efficient, and who doesn't love a hot sandwich? Will def be back for more when in Vegas.
heard so much about this place, finally got to try it since i was staying at PH this weekend. So let's see... i think i lost all of my taste buds from the night before but somehow i managed to eat the WHOLE sandwich! i tried the jerk chicken sandwich which was soooo full of flavor, had lots of pepperoncini which i LOVE. i tried my friends tuna melt which was really buttery tasting or had way too much cheese in it. overall, i really enjoyed the sandwich even though i had no appetite or tastebuds but somehow i managed to taste it and eat the whole thing... btw the bread was warm, toasty and delicious
On my last trip to Vegas, one afternoon I woke up to discover that three different groups of people I went there to meet had independently decided to go to Earl of Sandwich.  Although I had never heard of this place before, it was clear that I had to try it, and I am definitely glad that I did.. . The first thing that stands out about Earl of Sandwich is the price.  When you are used to paying $8-10 for a sandwich in DC, $6 for a sandwich is fantastic.  And when that $6 sandwich tastes better than any that you're used to, it's mind-blowing to say the least.. . I tried The Original 1762, a roast beef sandwich with cheddar cheese and horseradish sauce.  I also had a taste of The Full Montagu, which has roast beef, turkey, swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes and mustard.  First off, the bread is outstanding.  It's toasted and has a great crunch to it, without being overly thick.  The meats are also great and the sandwiches have a good amount on them.  Although the sandwiches are a bit on the small side, they are ok for a smaller meal, especially when paired with chips or soup (which I did not personally try, but have heard good things about).. . Overall it's a great place to go and I highly recommend it.  That sandwich was one of the best I've ever had and I wish I had had time to try more of their menu.  Whether it's a late night snack or lunch, Earl of Sandwich is definitely worth checking out.
I stayed at this hotel for a friend's bachelorette party.  I was told that this place was amazing and it was really good.  So i had to go try it for myself.  At first, I was a little discourage because I was REALLY hungry but, the line was REALLY long.  But, they moved fast and it was worth it.  The sandwich was pretty amazing.
Apparently, Earl of Sandwich is a franchise.  But why isn't there one in California?  Can someone please open one up in LA??  PLEASE?!?  *sigh*  :(. . Yeah, there's not much more one can say about Earls that hasn't already been said.  It's become a Vegas staple for me and my friends.  Their sandwiches blow every other sandwich chain out of the water.  Yes, I'm talking to you Subway and Quiznos.  They use high quality, fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.  And at $5.99 a sandwich, it's a steal!. . I used to think the Full Monagu was the best, but I've come to realize that THE ORIGINAL is the way to go.  Freshly roasted beef, cheddar and creamy horseradish sauce on their signature hot, toasty artisan bread.  *drool*  Don't worry, the horse radish isn't overpowering at all.  I also like the tuna melt, but wasn't really a fan of the Caribbean jerk chicken.  I'm going to try Cannonballs! next time.. . Wait can be as long as 20-30 minutes during lunch time, but it's totally worth it once you find a sandwich you love.  Now open 24 hours.
Full Montagu - tastes like Potbelly's. Except the bread is thinner and softer and doesn't get as soggy.. . And sure subway is offered at a comparable price, but not on the strip. Last time I had subway, they charged me like $10-12 for a footlong. This place is a steal for the quality!
I was hesitant at first to eat here thinking it was a run in the mill sandwich joint. It IS a sandwich joint and a GOOD one at that! . . The Hawaiian BBQ is delicious.. large variety to choose from & plenty of side choices from macaroni to chips. Nice selection at the soda fountain.. do the Dew'
***** Believe the Hype - Legit *****. . I was standing in a long line when my friend placed her order and asked for guac and special cheese's on her sandwich.  The cashier replied no to both items which shocked me.  How can you not serve guac?. . After plowing through the sandwiches I learned why.  An "Earl of Sandwich" is a science.  It has the perfect meat to bread ratio and everything just fits together.  It's best to just eat the sandwich as Master Ear intended it to be.  The bread is to die for.   . . It was so good we went 2 nights in a row and best of all it's late night.  I love how the sandwhich is packaged with the seal of approval sticker.  . . I thought the Hawaiian BBQ was  a little on the sweet side.  Enjoyed the Caribbean Jerk, Best BLT, Cannonballs, and All American.  Will try the Tuna Melt next time.. . Yes I ate 5 sandwiches in 2 sittings - Don't hate.
Earl of Sandwich is receiving four stars not because it is the best sandwich, but because it is the best DRUNK sandwich. The hot, toasty delicious creation presented to you is not drunk itself, but the mouth that it is being shoved in sure as all hell has probably had lots of alcohol enter it.. . So far I have tried the Original, Full Montagu and the Caribbean Chicken sandwiches. Don't remember much about them technically except that they sure were yummy for my ever so alcohol soaked tummy. . . Eat here and then put it all on black.
I'm pretty sure this place is open 24 hours? We came at 2am and the place was about half full. Honestly, take all the reviews with a grain of salt... When I wanted to go to Ike's in SF, my friend told me not to because "how can a sandwich be THAT good?!" "Maybe because I LOVE sandwiches???" I thought, but in hindsight, really... how CAN a sandwich be that good??? Didn't like how there was no choice for bread, and you have to get white, but it was still nice and toasted =) The Hawaiian BBQ chicken would be my recommendation but from what I've heard, you can't go wrong ;)
Earl of Sandwich was my first spot when we arrived at Vegas.. . I was totally looking forward to checking this place out. I got the Caribbean jerk chicken as recommended on yelp and my friend got the tuna melt. She was disappointed it that they don't make fries since she was craving it. But that was another story.. . Anyway... she was so hungry that she finish her tuna melt in a heart beat and love it.. . I, on the other hand thought the Caribbean Jerk Chicken was just A-OK. In my opinion, the sandwich was bit greasy and it lack flavor. What I do like is their bread. It has a very crispy texture yet not crumbly.. . I would have gave it a 3 stars, but the service was fast and they are open 24 hours, thus the 4 stars. Still worth to check it out!
great sandwich, but not the absolute best i've had. plus they're skimpy on the amount of meat they give you in the italian one. living in SF, it's easy to find a better sandwich. even Safeway makes up a mean Primo Italiano sandwich. if i went back to Vegas, i wouldn't think to come back unless i had a craving for sandwiches for some strange reason.
Finally after my girlfriend talking this place up for the last several months I had the privilege of trying the legend that is Earl of Sandwich or more commonly known as "Earl's." . . I honestly did not want to get my hopes up about this place because like I've mentioned before when it comes to food I'm too pretentious and stubborn to believe an opinion about food other than my own :p. . I was so impressed by this place not just by the taste but the price, quantity, quality of food and the BREAD...yes the BREAD. They make their own artisan bread and it's one of the best sandwich breads I've ever tasted. Crispy outside, soft on the inside however biting through it, the textures come together and it's yeast n flour filled divinity.. . I bought the BEST BLT for myself but my friends and I shared with each other so I sampled 4 different sandwiches including mine: Hawaiian BBQ, Cannonballs!, The Full Montagu and mine the BEST BLT.. . Hawaiian BBQ: sweet and savory just like anything "Hawaiian" but with BBQ sauce and pineapple and a generous serving of ham.. Cannonballs!: a meatball sandwich that won't fall apart on you. Solidly constructed with Parmesan and chewy melted Mozzarella makes an excellent sandwich. The Full Montagu: the reason this is a 4 star instead of a 5 star review, wasn't that impressed just tasted like a regular roast beef sandwich but still good. BEST BLT: Lives up to its name! Most BLT's is a couple of strips of bacon that you pull out with one bite and all your bacon is gone. ThisBLT sandwich is filled with bacon bits throughout and is a must for anyone who enjoys this classic sandwich.. . Earl's definitely lived up to the hype and is a must-go on my Vegas trips from now until eternity and maybe a little bit after that too :p.
Good food and cheap for Vegas.  Great place for picking up a sandwich.
Great sandwich, but it's no 'Wichcraft. This is a hearty, meaty grilled sandwich. Good, but just not breathtaking. That said, I ate here twice in five days: one dinner, one breakfast. It is one of the best under-15.00 meals in this part of the strip.
moderately priced and a deliciousy bevy of hot sandwich selections! They need to bring this to Socal!
NOM NOM. I can't wait to go back to Vegas just to have this (sounds kind of lame, but it's 73% true...and I don't know how I got that percentage).. . Got the The Earl's Club. It was so yummy! It was like the turkey, bacon, and cheese came together and was like "we're going to plan this awesome party in Tiffany's mouth." They succeeded - oh yes, they did.. . Price: Great, good for someone who is safe with their money.. . Overall: Great sandwiches, good price, nommy nom nom (can't say this enough).
Overall: 4. Food: 4. Service: 3.5. . Sandwiches are about 6 inches long and not overly stuff with fillings.. Bread was tasty.  Crusty on the outside, soft/warm/moist on the inside. Delicous.. . Great place to stop for a quick bite.. . Don't get the line discourage you, it moves fast and the sandwiches come out after a short wait (5-7min).. . The Earl's Club:. - overall sandwich was good, but a little on the salty side (bacon was pretty salty).. . Chocolate Chip Cookie:. - fairly large cookie. - good but not amazing
When you got the munchies, midnight snack, after clubbing or whatever this is a major must!. . Opens 24 hours a day which is perfect for Vegas.  Located in Planet Hollywood.. . Reason why it's only 4 stars? Always crowded. Takes too damn long to get my freaking sandwich that I would have probably passed out from my drunkeness.  About an 1/2 -1 hour wait. . . Italian: yummy pizza sandwich. Earl's club: mmm....classic with a lil kick and zest from the sauce. Ham and cheese: deliciously cheesey. . Everything is on ciabatta bread for the low price of $5.99! In Vegas! Hell yeah for drunk me!
This is a very popular sandwich place in Vegas in the PH hotel.  There's usually a line but it goes by fairly quick.  I usually get the full montagu and a side of soup.  The sandwiches aren't the biggest in the world but they are high in quality.  If you're in a the mood for a light lunch after a night (or nights) of drinking, and you don't mind waiting in line, this would be a good stop.
Open 24/7 means drunk muchies. . . For about $7- $8 you get an overall pretty decent sandwich.. . Sizewise I would say it's an 7inch ciabatta bread...  . . I had the Earl's club, which is turkey and bacon with sauce/tomatoes/lettuce on top.  Not too bad, not too bad at all.  Definitely one of the most moist turkey I've ever had! The bread and everything put together was excellent.  . . The cashier was very friendly as well as she entertained some of us drunkies while waiting for our sandwiches! :)
I came to this place twice during my three day stay in Las Vegas. My friend kept on telling me that this place had good sandwiches, and she was right! I first tried this place around 12:30am - 1am, so it's good if you have a late night craving.. . The first sandwich that I had was the Caribbean jerk chicken. This was my first experience with jerk chicken, and it was full of flavor. The bread was also nice and toast as well. The second time I went I tried the Earl club. Out of the two sandwiches that I tried I would say that the Earl club was better, because of there were more ingredient to add to the flavor. Both sandwiches however were equally good, and I would order them again.. . What's really nice about this place is that they take your order really fast, and they make your sandwiches fast as well. There's also the added perks of being open late when you want a late night snack or something. In addition, all the sandwiches are 5.99, which is pretty good considering that things are usually more expensive in Vegas, especially on the strip.
I got the Full Montagu sandwich and first bite of it sorta transported me back to my childhood  visit to Montreal Quebec Canada where they  have the most delicious roast beef and corned beef sandwiches similar in taste to this Earl sandwich. My meal could of been perfect if I opted to not get the frozen lemonade. That was such a sugar bomb where I had to down so much water to wash the sweetness out of my mouth. Still 4 stars for something that can transport you to a time back in the past! :) . . The line to get the sandwich is pretty long but moves pretty fast but friend and I were stuck in line still for a good 15 minutes before we got to the cashier.
of course another well known place that everyone says to eat at!. . its a sunday and its 12pm. luckily there wasn't a long line. i ordered the all american and jamaican beef jerk? . . the all american was a classic sandwich but the bread was delicious! nice texture and fitted in my mouth perfectly! a little but smaller than most sandwiches but thats ok.. . the jamaican one had spice and it was good! i like the spice and the bell peppers and the chicken.. even eating it cold it tasted good.. . ill be back cuz this was the cheapest meal in vegas we had!
Since Earl of Sandwich had such high ratings I had to try it while I was here. As for sandwiches this is as close to a five as I can give for a sandwich. It doesn't taste like heaven, but none the less still good. I love how they are open 24 hours a day. So late night hunger answered if you are staying near by. IF you are willing to go to subway for a 5 dollar sandwich a dollar more will get you something that taste a million times better. I had the all-american. yummy. My boyfriend had the ham and swiss which was also pretty good. Must try at least once while you're here.
Went here TWICE during my mini vacation with my boyfriend. You know a place is tasty if my boyfriend and I go to a place twice in one visit! I am a BIG and I mean BIIIIIIG Ike's @ Lime's fan in San Francisco and Earl of Sandwich is up there with Ike's (not better than Ike's, but pretty darn close). The place is 24 hours which is always a good thing in my book. Lines can be both short and long depending when you go. The first time we went, we went around noon and the line was long but moved pretty quickly. The second time, we went just 30 minutes earlier and there was no line. Don't worry about seats, there's enough seats to go around. . . I ordered the Full Montagu and the boy ordered the Earl's Club. Loved my sandwich and even the boy who hates mustard loved it as well. In my honest opinion, the best part of the sandwich was the bread! Crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. On our second trip to Earl's, we both ordered two sandwiches each (one for lunch and one for the road) and even after a few hours on the road, the sandwich was just as good as it was fresh!
Everyone talks about this place when coming to Vegas, so naturally I had to check this place out.  There was a long line as always, but it went by much more quickly than I had expected. You order, pay, and they'll call your number when your food is ready. . . I have no idea how they did it, but the bread was soo soft and delicious. Their bread is truely unique. It really helps with the sandwiches.. . Food:. 1) Full Montagu - The one thing I worry about ordering roast beef and turkey sandwiches is that they're dry. You don't have to worry about that here. Combine these two well cooked meats with swiss and cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and mustard sauce you get a simple, yet delicious deli sandwich.. 2) Tuna Melt - I don't usually order Tuna Melts but the Tuna melt was AWESOME! It's a very simple tuna sandwich with cheese.  . 3) Chocolate Chip Cookie - AMAZING cookie! Even though it was sitting in a package, the cookie was still REALLY soft and the chocolate was still gooey.
best thing to eat at 3am.
The stars are strictly for the food. DELICIOUS sandwiches! I ordered the Hawaiian sandwich which comes with ham, turkey I think, and pine apples with a sweet Hawaiian sauce. DELICIOUS!! that's all I have to say. Good golly! . . As for service they get 1 star! they suck!! it's a long line, the food takes long, and we didn't get one of our order and to top it off they did not apologize nor did they show a sense of urgency or anything. They suck! It was the supervisor too. So we got a refund. tisk tisk. . . Stupid yummy sandwiches. . BTW you're looking at $7 a sandwich!
After a night of clubbing, me and the girls were dying to grab a late night meal. We saw all the great reviews for Earl of Sandwich and hopped in the cab to the Planet Hollywood hotel. . . After walking past all the slot machines and poker tables, we finally arrived at the sandwich shop. The line was suppppeeerr long. But it moved pretty fast. . . I ordered the Full Montagu which has roast beef and turkey, avocado and other stuff. The sandwich was soooo delicious. Saved the other half for the next morning, and it tasted just as good!
Wow.  I rarely say "wow" after eating a sandwich, but i found myself saying it after every bite of my delicious Tuna Melt. . My sister had the Club sandwich, and my brother had the Ham and Cheese- and as simple as these items are- I heard a "wow" escape from their lips as well.  Their artisan bread is so fresh and that is what makes the difference. . . The price is VERY reasonable, and the portions are filling and satiating.  Can't wait to return and try another item from the menu.
Looking for something on the strip that you'll be able to enjoy and the price wont set you back to much . . . well i just got one of the normal menu sandwiches and it was very good and for how packed it was in the restaurant itself our sandwiches came up surprisingly fast and the atmosphere wasnt so bad just kinda noisy but where on the strip isnt! overall a very good sandwich shop and if i was on the strip near there i would definitely keep it in mind for a quick bite to eat.
Looking for something to eat and do not want to spent too much money?  I would suggest to stop by this place.  After seeing all the reviews, when I was staying at the PH tower, I had to try this place.  The bread as everyone noted was extremely fluffy.  The amount of meat and ingredients is just about right.  A sandwich cost around 6 or 7 dollar, and this is not your typical subway sandwich.  One bite of the sandwich you will know what i mean.
Really delish sandwiches, with good balance of flavors and ingredients/bread ratio. It was too big for me to eat alone, so I split one with my bf and we had a salad as well. Super fresh tasting, with a great combo of crispiness and gooeyness.
The Original is excellent. Soup is alright. This place is more about the main dishes than sides.
My favorite restaurant in Vegas. In Vegas, most of the restaurants are either too expensive or too greasy / fast food qualities (McD, Panda Express, etc). So stumbling into this place's a blessing. Not only because it's cheap ($6) and open 247, their sandwiches are amazing!!! I highly recommend the Tuna Melt and Full Montagu (Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar, Lettuce, Tomatoes & their Mustard sauce); they're very delicious.
I've been here at least five times now. The ones I like are The Full Montagu , The Earl , Cannonballs , Jamacian Jerk Chicken, and Tuna Melt. The one I recommend NOT to order is the Hawaii Bbq Chicken. . . Recommendation: Tuna melt or The Full Montagu if you've never been here before. Those two are great to try first.
The only sandwich I tried was their Tuna Melt but it here but it had to be the best Tuna Melt I've ever had...so good in fact, that I had to go back again for another one!  The bread was perfectly toasted so that it was crunchy but still also soft on the inside, it had a generous amount of Tuna with just the right amount of cheese so that it's not overly greasy.  My other girlfriends ordered some of the other sandwiches like The Earl and Cannonball and they raved that those were just as yummy too.. . One sandwich is pretty filling by itself but if you have room I'd also recommend their potato soup.  It's tasty and hearty and doesn't taste processed or canned like some soups I've tried at other sandwich places.. . To top it off, their service is really quick too.  On our first visit, we called ahead to order 10 sandwiches and had only a short wait before our order was ready for us to pick up.  Even during the "after club" hours, we probably waited less than a minute before our order was ready.
Great place to grab a bite when you're not feeling a buffet --- Their sandwiches are super yummy... perfectly cooked...and opened 24/7. Doesn't hurt to try if you just so happen to walk by.
Discovered this place in Planet Hollywood through our friends who loved Earl's.  From someone who values sandwiches as their favorite food, this place was great!!!!!!!. . I got the Full Montague + an ice cream brownie sandwich.  It was so delicious I completely enjoyed it although I had no appetite due to a hangover.  You must try this place if you're in Vegas!. . Also......I give them extra points for marketing.  I love their name: Earl of Sandwich, their logo, and for knowing how to make a perfect sandwich (it's harder than you think).
Not too shabby ,get the blt mmmm
Might just be my new favorite late night spot in Vegas.. . Located inside Planet Hollywood, Earl of Sandwich will definitely surprise you.  There's fairly big selection of sandwiches so it's not hard to find something for everybody.  We went for the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich and the Caprese.  The Hawaiian BBQ is my favorite out of the two.  Ham, pineapple, cheese, and BBQ sauce just go so well together.  Think of a Hawaiian pizza, transplanted between two awesome artisan bread.  OMG the bread is just awesome.  Crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  It is just toasted perfectly.  . . As for the Caprese, it's your classic mozzarella, tomato, and basil with a balsamic vinaigrette.  I wish there was more basil cause I think we only saw two leaves of basil.  Two!  Sorta ridiculous for a whole sandwich but the thick sliced mozza was a nice touch.. . There's also some pastries and cookies available.  I went for the chocolate chip cookie.  At $1.99, it's pretty big, it's soft, and it satisfied my sweet tooth.  There's also chips by Earl of Sandwich available to go along with your sandwich.. . Salads, wraps, and sides are also available but really, the main stars are the sandwiches.  The sandwiches are a bargain too, considering it is on the strip, at $5.99.  It is loud though since it's right next to the casino floor but good food at a good value is hard to beat!. . Of course, it's not just for late night, as sandwiches are good anytime.  They even have breakfast items but I can never wake up early enough for breakfast :P
best sandwich ever?  no.  But is it a fantastic sandwich for a great price?  absolutely.. . They get 3 stars on flavor alone, but 4 stars on value.  The bread is the best part in my opinion, very unique and delicious.  Fast, inexpensive and good taste, that's pretty rare for las vegas good.
I had been hearing such amazing things about this place from all of you Yelpers so I had to try it out. You all were right...it was darn tasty. My man and I went for another impromptu date (I got off early from work and he was off...HOORAY!) and I told him I needed to try this place (I gave him one of those desperate looks where he wouldn't even dare to say no...besides I told him it was my treat.). . We get there and there is a small line (awesome!) and it moved very fast. I opted for the American (turkey, cheddar, tomato, lettuce, cranberries and ranch dressing). My man decided on the club with no tomato. It arrived quickly and was one of the better sandwiches I have had in the past 30 years. Top it off with my favorite chips and soda (salt and vinegar and Tropicana Twister orange) and I was in heaven. The bread was the best part of it...crispy, hot yet soft in the middle.. . I will be back very soon to try more (at $5.99 a pop...that's so cheap by Vegas Strip standards). One word of caution to this happy tale...I would imagine it gets insanely crowded Thursday through Saturday so try to hit this place up Monday-Wednesday. Just a thought.
The Skinny: toasted sammy on a ciabatta bun with super fresh ingredients - what's not to like? (4), Service: it's a 24 hour counter service establishment. Given the reasonable price and quality, it's almost always inundated with people (3), Value: breakfast sandwiches for $3.99 and the other hot sandwiches for $5.99 - this place is a steal on the Strip (5).. . We were super stoked that the Earl of Sandwich made it's way to the Strip. We first had Earl of Sandwich in Florida and instantly fell in love with the reasonable prices and solid food.. . Unlike other places which toasted fully cooked bread, Earl of Sandwich's ciabatta bread comes probably 98% baked and leaves the remaining 2% for their toasting oven. That allows their bread to develop a lovely golden brown crispy crust on the outside while retaining a dense chewy texture on their inside. The robust little loaves really hold up to the fillings and sauces.. . The ratio of bread to filling is perfect - not too much to overwhelm the bread but substantial enough to feel satisfied. The lettuce is green leaf cut in whole pieces which adds a nice textural contrast while the tomatoes are perfectly ripe. The meats are well-prepared and succulent, unlike the typical rubbery flavourless textures you might see at your regular fast food outlets. They usually add just the right amount of sauce to moisten the filling without making everything soggy.. . Given the great prices and quality, this place can get pretty busy throughout the day unless you get here early in the morning. But it is definitely worth a stop for a nice satisfying budget meal. 4 stars.
This place has some really good sandwiches.  I got the Full Montagu, which had plenty of meat.  There's nothing worse than a sandwich with not enough meat, especially for a carnivore such as myself.  Oh and the bread....perfection!  The best part?  They're reasonably priced, some may even say cheap (at least I think so).  When you compare the quality & price of this to a chain, then yeah, this is cheap!  . . Plus, their service is pretty fast.  Although I didn't like the whole ordering your drink at the second cashier thing.  My only other complaint?  They messed up my drink order.  They gave me an ice tea instead of a lemonade, but ah well, it wasn't a big deal.. . Definitely worth going to for a quick bite.  We were thinking about their sandwiches even after we returned from Vegas.  That's how good it was.
A 24 hour cheap hot sandwich place is a vegas jackpot!!!  I always find myself having sandwich cravings and i'd been spending weeks looking at the reviews. I had decided way before i stepped into the store at PH, that i would be ordering the Full Montagu- Roast beef and turkey!!! . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=pqiqUiWVESs9LubdKK2zcw. We were still full from breakfast, so i didn't get to try a second sandwich as i had hoped (i'm definitely getting the canonball meatball sammie next time). I'm sure after i try a few more different sammies here, i would upgrade to a 5, but based on just the one i had, i just needed a little something more. More mayonaisy sauce? Avocado? Not sure. But i am not craving it, as i do with Cooks, Mendo, Caps or Langers. But... I will be back for sure to get the cannonball and get ANOTHER brownie whoopie pie !! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=DbdvnjAtWRE2Hj0_MbX26Q
Not bad. Not bad at all.. . I went with the Full Montagu, which was quite good but I probably should have gone with another sandwich more suited to my tastes (like something with bacon.. YES). . The tomato soup was incredibly savory, service was fast and effective, facilties clean and food delicious.. . I'll be back for the home of the crown jewel of sandwiches!
OPEN 24 HRS.. . Of course you'll be out late in Las Vegas, but not all food places will be open as late. If you're near Planet Hollywood, stop by hear for some good sandwiches. LOCATED NEAR SECURITY BOOTH.
I hate hot sandwiches.  I love Earl of Sandwich. . . The bread was not over cooked so it was just warm and a little crispy.  Yummy.  . . I'd order the Earl Club and I'd pass on the bacon (the BLT).  The tuna melt looked amazing!  Service is quick and I'd have it for breakfast, lunch & dinner!  . . I will definately go again and again.
earl, you seriously saved my life this weekend... . . cheap sandwiches that are super yummy, for those who are too hungover/drunk to eat an actual meal. . . but let me send out a huge FUCK YOU to the extremely hostile guy working in the back!!! while my girls and I were waiting for our sandwiches on the side, he bristled past and said VERY rudely, "can you guys move this is a walkway" with a very strong "you're in my way I hate you so much" vibe. I've honestly never encountered that bad of an attitude from a stranger before, so I asked out loud, "what the hell?" and he CAME BACK OUT and exclaimed, "WHAT?!" like he was seriously about to fight me. . . I'm 5'2". WTF? I'm not your typical girl so he didn't scare me[I was almost ready to throw down thanks to the tequila in my system, but my girls stopped me haha] but I can imagine any other girl my size would be genuinely threatened by his tone. I hope your ass gets fired.
This sandwich place is a definite visit every time I go to Vegas! I know, it's $5 for a half sandwich, but it's so good! Their wait isn't too bad and there might not be enough tables & seats if it's at peak hour! (It's located in Planet Hollywood)
If you're by yourself, get the Full Montagu. If with someone, get the cannonballs. Both awesome sandwiches!
Mmm tomatoe soup. MMM good  food. I think this is the spot I hit up with the girls each time I come.. . Now when is someone gonna open one in SF?
Sandwiches shaped like a brick..... . * I would suggest coming here and not thinking something magical is going to happen once you bite into these sandwiches.  With the zillion reviews, mostly fabulous, one would probably think so. Nothing magical happened, but these were good and hit the spot!  For a 24 hour spot and price, I think this place is pretty good compared to the other places along the strip.. . * Avoid prime lunch and dinner hours of 12-1 and 5-6 if possible, unless you like waiting in long lines.. . * Open 24 hours.  NICE!. . * Carribean Jerk Chicken, Original 1762 and Tuna melt were deelish.  Crispy bread and just the right amount of filling.  Not too greasy.  Not too salty. I wasn't left feeling heavy and stuffed after.. . * Sandwiches come in one size, about the length of subway but a bit wider...like a brick!
I I initially didn't want to come here because the bf used to eat here for lunch and had told me it 'wasn't worth waiting in that long ass line.' So i thought eh..I'd probably only come here if I was close by. And what do you know..I decided to go to Urban Outfitters this weekend and I no longer had an excuse not to eat here. So here's the rundown of our experience:. . The staff was organized,fast, and friendly. We didn't wait for our food for a long time, probably because it wasn't that busy. We sat on a table that was oddly placed by itself with one other table. And the food? Man I scarfed it down so fast I was almost ready to get another one..but opted to get potato salad instead. The sandwich I got was the tuna melt..minus the cheese, so it was basically a tuna sandwich. The bread was warm,crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. My only complaint was that they could've been a little more generous with the tuna, but it was no biggie. Oh and that potato salad was  oh so good. The bf got The Original which he actually enjoyed. He said it was a lot better than last time but could've used more au jus. . All in all, we spent under 18 bucks, including water, and was fully satisfied with the meal. Would I say this is the best tuna sandwich I've ever had? Probably not. But the best tuna sandwich I've had in the strip so far? Absolutely!
Sandwiches--what could you not love about that?. . We ordered:. . -Full Montagu: It's pretty good if you're a roast beef fan.. -Caribbean Chicken: It was alright. Too much mayo for me.. -Turkey Club: yums! it has bacon in it. Need I say more?. . . Highlights :. -hot and toasty bread. mm!. -Free WI-FI! I have AT&T, so if you're on the same boat then you must know how awesome it is to have this spot.. -Fountain drinks with free refills. -Open 24 Hours. -Really friendly cashier!
Earl of Sandwich always hits the spot, and is easy on the wallet as well. The sandwiches are super fresh and are served quickly! My favorite is the full montagu -plenty of roast beef, super fresh warm perfectly baked bread, and oozing cheese. . . Definitely recommended.
Absolutely delicious sandwiches!! Earl, where have you been all my life?!. . I shared the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich and the Tuna Melt with my friend. I was surprised at how amazingly good it was! And it's really because of the warm, toasted slightly crunchy bread! Their bread is amazing! Why can't more sandwich places make their bread like that?! I'm usually not a tuna melt fan but this one converted me into a lifetime tuna melt lover. But I admit, I started getting kinda sick of it after eating half the sandwich because it was a little on the heavy side. I'm just one of those people who need veggies in their sammies. . . Don't let the long lines scare you into walking away. The line moves quick with their fast assembly line sandwich making skills and your order will be out before you know it!. . They're also open 24 HOURS so you can satisfy your cravings for lunch, dinner, or a late night snack after a long night of clubbing or gambling. Perfection! . . Tip: if you can't decide between 2 sandwiches, get 1 kind while your friend gets the other. They come already sliced in half so it's perfect for sharing!
yes, the montagu is the shiznits. great price, open 24 hours.. . This is my go-to place for food when I'm on a budget, I need something off hours, and I have no dining plans. The holiday sandwich is also really good. We usually stick to the Montagu and the Holiday. . . Located in Planet Hollywood.
The roast beef sandwich is amazing!  Loaded with plenty of shaved roast beef, cheese, and horseradish sauce.  The sandwich is nicely toasted to give it the perfect crust on the outside, the bread is amazingly delicious.  For $5.99 it's the best cheap eat in Vegas!  It's really good after a long night at the casino or bars.  Best thing is that it's open 24 hrs...so party the night away and stop by for a quick bite to re-fuel, then get back to the party!
Great sandwiches. Got me two because I liked the first one and wanted something to nibble on the airplane back.. . The Original 1762 was my favorite. The roast beef just peels right off on every bite. And it came with the right amount of horseradish sauce. The bread wasn't greasy, there were no oil marks on my hands. Comes packaged that looks like a brick, so it's portable and you don't have to worry about sauces oozing out or anything. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=9ra0lc9u_tMiLh9A4l9efw. . The same goes for my Earl's Club. Turkey, bacon, and swiss cheese in the same cohesive brick sandwich format. Again, bread was awesome. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=CRdDcUu4iZJn7E0Gpqsv8w. . For a relatively cheap lunch/dinner out in Vegas, then this place will suit your needs. For under $7 a sandwich, it's good enough to get you going and you don't have to worry about breaking the bank. . . It's open 24 hours a day, so if you have those late night cravings, then this place has the sandwiches right there. Be prepared for the long lines during rush hour.
I had the full Montagu - roasted beef, turkey, swiss and cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and mustard sauce.. . The bread was freshly baked, moist, and slightly toasted, just the way it should be. The ingredients are very good considering the price (ony $5.99 for a reasonably sized sandwich).
This is going to be a short review because I was drunk when we came here and I don't remember much but I'm sure mostly everyone that comes here at 2am is pretty drunk and just looking for something to satisfy there late-night-drunk-munchies.. . I can't remember what sandwiches we got (I told you, I was drunk and I don't remember much) but I do remember loving every single bite! I kept saying "This is amazing!" after every other bite and the boyfriend saying "umm-hmm" with his mouth full agreeing with me.. . :)
The line is always long, but it goes by really quickly. This place is good for a quick, cheap bite when you're in Vegas. . . I had the Full Montagu, which was ok. I also had a bite of All American, which had too strong of the cranberry sauce taste (which I hate), so I didn't like that one. I've definitely had better sandwiches. . . I'd go again just because it fills you up for a long time and it is super cheap! All sandwiches for $5.99.
had the cannonball sandwich it was great
Soo good. I got the Club (turkey, bacon, swiss, tomato, lettuce and some sauce). Only thing is I forgot to tell my bf to ask if I could get mine not toasted or hot since I don't really like hot sandwiches. I still enjoyed it.
Just how good is an Earls Sandwich?? Short answer is, yes friends, it is good and you should try it!. . The long answer of it all is that it will not be as ridiculously amazing as everyone hypes it up to be on yelp, but it is unarguably a good and delicious sandwich. What makes an Earls sandwich even better is that everything is made fresh to order, its available 24/7, and in a city where all your money goes to dealers, alcohol and strippers, you'll certainly appreciate the affordability of an Earls sandwich to fill that hungry belly.. . My two personal favorites here are The Full Montagu and Tuna Melt. But there isn't exactly a wrong choice of sandwiches here. I've tried The Original 1762, Earl's Club, Caribbean Jerk Chicken, All American, Ham n Swiss, Caprese, and Italian and while some taste better than others, they're all in the end very good. Also if you have some spare change in your pocket, I really recommend Earl's Slaw -- crisp and refreshing and not bogged down with too much mayo. Chocolate chip cookies here are really good too--it's the giant, soft, chewy kind, yum!!. . So my advice to future Earl-goers, do come with an expectation of getting a delicious sandwich, but don't expect the sandwich of a lifetime.
Fast service, amazing bread, and free refills on drinks! Sandwiches are around $7 and you honestly can't beat that price when you're in Vegas, especially for the quality of sandwich you're getting.. . I don't recommend their salads. . . Tried and recommend:. Caribbean Jerk Chicken. Club. Full Montague
awesome hot sandwich place :) . . decent prices, quick service, and good tasting food.. . i even liked their packaged foods like their potato salad and macaroni salad. i have also tried their chicken caesar salad which is just as good as the sandwiches
if youre in vegas and you need a fast eat.. earl is the place to go.. . located in planet hollywood. open 24 hours.. . top picks: the club and the tuna melt. okay: the full montagu
I just rode 7 hours in a car from Los Angeles through Memorial Day traffic.. . I just had to sneak a ton of luggage and sleeping bags past the front desk to the janky elevator of our hotel.. . ... And finally I just ran about a mile on the Strip to get a Fat Tuesday before they closed.. . Now I'm super hungry and tipsy and I want food.. . Arrived at Earl with my entourage and picked me up a Hawaiian BBQ sandwich with grilled chicken and pineapple. DELICIOUS! I have to say even though the fillings were crazy good, the bread was definitely a standout which was a thought echoed across the rest of my table.. . This will definitely become my come-back-to-spot in Vegas for quick late night and lunch bites!
Hey, so one of the greatest things about PH is that its got EARL OF SANDWICH. Open 24 hours to satisfy your lunch, 2 dinners, and drunk munchies needs. . . Did you know that the sandwich was named after a man who was the Earl of Sandwich? Wikipedia says: . . It was named after John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich, an 18th-century English aristocrat... It is said that he ordered his valet to bring him meat tucked between two pieces of bread... It is said that Lord Sandwich was fond of this form of food because it allowed him to continue playing cards, particularly cribbage, while eating without getting his cards greasy from eating meat with his bare hands.. . If Wikipedia said it, it must be true.. . Caribbean Jerk Chicken is absolutely splendid, though you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Bread is freshly made and toasted, meat is meaty and plentiful, and sauces and other sandwich toppings perfectly complement the bread and meat to form the perfect sandwich.. . My mission is to eat every single sandwich on the menu.
I went to Vegas for a weekend in May, and all told I spent less than $300.  I made a little money playing poker, so I only left $170 in Sin City.  That's for food, gas, hotel, everything.. . One of the reasons I was able to do this was that I got two meals out of Earl of Sandwich for a grand total of $6.48.  My car got to Vegas hours before our friends, so we decided to have a cheap, casual dinner.  I did a quick search on Yelp, and this place came up with its hundreds of reviews.. . Earl of Sandwich is in Planet Hollywood, a kind of funny theme hotel if you know anything about Los Angeles.  I find it amusing that the mall is billed as the Miracle Mile Shops, as if the Miracle Mile is a glamorous shopping mecca in L.A.  Even Earl of Sandwich is out of place - it's a chain restaurant, but there isn't a single branch in California.. . Don't be alarmed that it's achain.  It's a step up from Quizno's (though I like Quizno's, and Subway, too), and I appreciated its impressive efficiency.  There was a short line to order, but once we got our orders in, we sat down with our buzzers.  They started buzzing while we were getting water, and our food was hot and ready within five minutes of arrival.. . I ordered the Full Montagu with roast beef, turkey, aged swiss, sharp cheddar, lettuce, tomato, and mustard sauce.  I had half for dinner and half for lunch the next day - I never went hungry, and the sandwich reheated great.  It was really tasty, with good ingredients and plenty of them.  I also tried some of my friends' orders - the Italian sandwich and the Earl's Cobb.  The Italian was maybe even better than the Montagu, with a meatfest of salami, capicola, ham, and mortadello, topped with mozzarella, roma tomato, and a zesty Italian dressing.  Peppers were optional and delicious.  Even the salad was pretty good.  It wasn't a deprivation salad - it came with plenty of grilled chicken and bacon, swiss and cheddar cheese, and a buttermilk ranch dressing.  But it also had plenty of greens and tomato, cucumber, and cranberries.. . If you're in Vegas for the full Vegas experience, go balls out, hit Robuchon, whatever you want.  But it's nice to know that you can eat something good for $5.99 and tax.  I love a good sandwich, and the Earl delivers.
While everything in Vegas seems to have become sky high in regards to cost, pretense, image, etc. it's nice to find a place on the strip in a busy, happening casino which gives you exactly what they appear to be selling... good eats - fast and cheap. . . Hubby and I hit up Earl twice on our visit for midnight snacks and both times we were beyond satisfied. The sandwiches are a decent size - one plus a side will definitely be enough to tide you over throughout the night.. . If I remember correctly (those hangovers don't come outta nowhere people!), we had the Italian, BLT and the Full Montagu (over a two night period) and I believe the Italian was my favorite. I really like the potato salad here too.. . The line does go fast... seriously. And once you order, it's only minutes till your chow is ready to go. . . I'd give an extra point if they had cold sandwiches. Sorry, that's just how I like 'em. Otherwise this is a solid spot for a late night snack.
Cheap. Fast. Good.. . Open 24 hours, located in Planet Hollywood.. . For less than $10 you can get yourself a yummy, and very freshly made sandwich.. . Try the TUNA MELT or the TURKEY CLUB.. . If you're more health conscious, you can go for a WRAP or SALAD.  So many choices for those on a budget.
Yellow golden bricks of heaven is what i like to call them.  I'm typically not too fond of sandwiches but I've eaten at Earl's for several years every time I'm at planet and they never fail me.  I usually order the Full Montague or Original along with a tomato soup.  The soup can tip you over a bit because the portions are definitely not small.
I have to admit that their sandwiches are good. No matter it be at 2am, 12 noon or the next day after. Trust me, I had to take them to go from my trip in vegas. The next day i toasted it in the toaster oven and delish! But i would say for the price my fav sandwich spot is still Santoro's in burbank!  Hot pastrami sandwich is the bomb with all the fixings plus some!
When walking around Vegas and you want a quick, cheap eat ... this place was solid ... some sammiches were very good and all were A-OK.. . Five stars? Really? Come on folks.  As good a sandwich as you've had??. . It's a Cosi.  Or a Quisnos.
I'm so glad I tried Earl of Sandwich. We ordered the Ham and Swiss, Full Montagu (Yelper's popular pick), and the Earl's Club Sandwich. Sandwiches were nicely made and wrapped in gold foil. The sandwiches were freshly toasted, with the size equivalent to a 6 inch Subway sandwich. Everyone was satisfied with the sandwiches they ordered and I'll make sure to keep this place in tab next time I go to Vegas. I don't know about the macaroni salad, but it was creamy so I would pass on it. It gets busy and crowded at times, but the person who took our order looked like she hated her job. That's not gonna bother me anyway, as long as I enjoy my sandwich. :) It's open 24 hours for your convenience too!
yea, i thought this place was going to suck (it's on the strip), so I had my suck face on, but after the first couple of bites, I had my non-suck face on.. . what more needs to be said after 1K reviews
Wow. 4.5 stars out of 1000+ reviews?? That's a lot to live up to, Earl.. . My buddy and I arrived to PH and walked around trying to find Earl of Sandwich for a few minutes. We found it by it's line. Yeah, this joint is both a tourist hot spot and local locale. Straight bumpin'.. . The menu is huge. I took a sneak peak, and I suggest you do the same if you're popping your Earl cherry, at the sandwiches that are offered at EoS. They've got more than sammies, but nothing appealed to me [lettuce isn't my cup of tea].. . I wound up ordering two sandwiches, one for the lady and one for myself. We got the tuna and the Full Montagu [not to be confused with the foes of the Capulets]. The lady friend said, and I quote, "this is the best tuna sandwich that I've ever had." So I guess it's aight. As for the Full Montagu? Shawty rockin' to the beat for ya boyyyy. Geez, Louise. Folks talk about the roast beef...and there is good reason. It makes this, and probably any, sandwich.. . Service is fast and fun; the guy who took our order gave me a nice "Thank you. Come again" at the end of our transaction. I looked at him with a "are you serious" look and we both laughed. The crew takes their time creating these sammies, so be patient. I mean, what's five minutes? Just stand off to the side with your order-pager and watch some television. They've got plenty of flat screens all over the place.. . Definitely a solid four, but it comes very close to the four-and-a-halfsies that is attached to Earl's name.
This is one of the few places where you'll always win in Vegas.  They have great bread.  I think they get it par-baked, and they finish it in their toaster.  That gives you a fresh baked sandwich and nice melty cheese.. . It's still 6 bucks for a sandwich that's not real big, but at least it's good.  We tried three different ones, and they were all good.  Tomato soup was ok, sides are a little pricey.
Maybe I was drunk, so I didn't see how it was deserving of 5 stars. But it sure was good! Especially when you are drunk! . . We ordered all the sandwiches on the menu, literally, and I have to admit, they were all good.. . Definitely try the: Earl's Club, tuna melt, hawaiian bbq, and cannonballs.
Super good sandwiches!  After hitting the clubs we came here in the AM to get some grub - boy did it hit the spot!  I was a little gone so I dont really remember what the BF ordered me - i know it had pastrami in it!  I usually dont like pastrami type sandwiches, but this one was super good.  Definitely must come back when Im sober to fully enjoy it to the max, maybe then I can rewrite a review thats more detailed lol!
For Vegas, Earl's is an absolute gem. Opened 24 hours AND toasty, tasty sammies? Perfect anecdote/joint to end/start? your 4:00 am debaucheries ;). . I love Earl's Turkey Club Sandwich -- it's not only a safe sandwich but it's really good and fulfilling. The bread is AMAZING; it's toasted to perfection and it doesn't scratch up your gums.  Earl's bread has the right amount of crispy crunch and soft dough to compliment the contents of the sandwich.  Everything else seems fresh but I wasn't exactly BLOWN away.  Like I said, for Vegas, yes, this is damn good. I've had better sandwiches in the OC and LA in California BUT I'll give it to Earl's for being the best in Sin City.. . Tried the Full Montagu (beef, turkey, cheddar/swiss cheese, etc.) and it was good, but not my fave. Solid sandwich, though.. . Also, their Tomato Bisque -- UM, AMAZING.  I felt so sick after my Vegas trip and had to have soup at Earl's. Best decision during my trip, EASY. Their garlic croutons added the perfect kick to the tomato flavor (which tasted so homey, omg). Rich and slightly creamy... perfect for the weak stomach :). . **Accepts credit cards. **Tucked away in Planet Hollywood, across from The Sugar Factory. **Open 24/7!!. **Long line but don't be discouraged, it goes by really fast.
Wow. Wow. Wow.. . I am impressed by Earl of Sandwich. I have had a friend of mine from college in town for a couple days and last night he really wanted to do the whole "walk the strip" thing. After meandering all up and down the strip we were in dire need of food and I had heard of Earl of Sandwich and knew it was open 24 hours so we headed there in a hunger haze.. . We arrived around 2:30 AM and there was a small line. The place looked as popular as I had heard. The line does go quickly and they give you buzzers to take to a table and wait for your food to be ready. The cashier last night sounded super tired and kind of annoyed, but I can't be too hard on her for that - it was 2 in the morning.. . I ordered the Club (turkey, bacon, cheese, lettuce, tomato). My friend got the Montagu, a cup of broccoli and cheese soup, and we shared a brownie. . . My sandwich was super tasty, warm, the bread was yummy. There was just enough turkey in it to make it good, but not overloaded. I hate it when I get a sandwich and the contents are spilling out of it. But this one was a perfect combination of all the ingredients. I think my only issue was that it was very salty compared to other sandwiches I have eaten. My friend said the soup was good and it was hot when he got it - so that's a plus!. . When we finished eating the line had gotten even longer than when we had arrived and it was definitely after 3 AM. This place is great for drunken snacks after being out drinking all night. I don't know how convenient the location is, but if I really had a hankering for one of their sandwiches again I don't think it would deter me from heading down to Planet Hollywood. . . Hot sandwiches - YUM!
Located within the PH hotel and casino, Earl of Sandwich is a great place to stop by for a quick bite.  It's not a full sit down, and it's not a fast food joint.  It fits perfectly in between.  I've gone there as an early dinner and a late night snack.  . . No matter the time, the Full Montagu, The Original, and the Earl's Club are very, very good!  . . If you're really hungry, throw in a soup too.  They tend to be more thick and hardy, so it will help to fill you up.  . . Overall, for the price, it's not the best sandwich shop in town, but the best on the strip.
Perfect place to end a night/morning of binge-drinking and bro-ing out.. . . Everything on the menu is good here, but then again everything is when your drunk out of your mind.. I will give Earl Of Sandwich 4 stars regardless since I always find my way over here... . This place can be hard to find, so make sure you ask the PH employees for directions.. I get lost about 3 times out of 5 every time I go there.
This is a pretty good and cheap place to eat in Vegas! Me and my friends were staying at Planet Hollywood and we all came here twice, the first time when we all took a nap after our long ass drive from Riverside, and house before going back.. . Its a simple fast food restaurant concept. You go in line, make your order, and they give you one of those beeper things when your order is ready.  Then you eat your sandwich at the seating area near the casino or wherever you please.. . The sandwiches are pretty good, I tried 3 of them at my first visit. I had the Italian, Caribbean Jerk, and the Full Montague (i believe). The Caribbean Jerk was my favorite out of the three. What makes the sandwiches good is the toasted and warm bread. Pretty good sandwich for $6, and a good portion as well.. . Also, lastly I would like to mention that the Ice Cream sandwiches they serve are really good as well. My friend and I got one when we were stumbling across the Miracle Mile Shops drunk with our friends.... it was soo good and it was huge... only for ~$3.  . . Definitely recommend to anyone going to Vegas, on a budget but hungry for some good food. Oh yeah 24 hours!!
Believe the hype! Thanks Yelp! These sandwiches are amazing! I had a BLT - the bread was warm and the bacon was cooked still chewy but crispy and hot off the grill. Order a frozen lemonade to complement your meal. The line wasn't too bad on a Friday night at 10pm. Plenty of seating in the dining area. . . It's inside the casino/shopping area of Planet Hollywood, which braving the crowds and annoying group slutty girls was worth it.
I came here two times during my vegas trip. The first time was bad because our order didn't go through and even when we asked someone about it, he just said wait for the buzzer. We waited 40 minutes and asked again and that's when he told us he had to reorder. Aside from that, it was very good. I ordered the caprese with extra basil  and a frozen lemonade. The sandwich was really good and the frozen lemonade was refreshing.
Lets just say I love this place just as much as the next fan does.  Its amazing!   Right in the heart of the Planet Hollywood hotel sits this cheap ($5.99 per sandwich) little shop pumping out sandwiches as fast as they can.  . I rocked the "Cannonballs"(meatball) and the "Hawaiian" (bbq chx) sandwiches and was overly impressed at how simple and amazing these were.  . The reason that is doesn't get the 5th star from me is a matter of simple economics.  "If the line is long, prices are too low!"  This place fits that phrase exactly.  Its possible to see a 100-150 person line at 3am at this place!!!  Even with a fast moving line, lunch still took around 45 minutes to get!  They should really consider raising their prices just a tad...even just $1 or $2 a sandwich because its a little obnoxious that the only affordable place around that hotel is so crowded.
Dropped by here for late lunch on my first date in LV just to see what the hype is about this place. And yelpers were correct... this place is pretty amazing for the deal and sandwhich you get from LV. . . $6 for sandwhich? not too shabby considering everything is effing expensive here. My first sandwhich was awesome and amazing and I swore to myself that I'd eat here for rest of my trip. After my second sandwhich on the next day, I pretty had enough of this place... the food is great but it isn't healthy. I couldn't continue eating here for rest of my trip.. . Overall, I'd definitely recommend to those who haven't tried this place out. It's good, satisfies your hunger and it's affordable! Also, the frozen lemonade is delicious especially in the scorching heat.
Discovered a new fave! - the All American. GENIUS idea to combine my two favoritecondiments of all time: cranberry sauce and buttermilk ranch :)
SOOOOOOO GOOD.. if you are in Vegas you gotta try this place. . Open 24 hours.. amazing... Line is usually long but it is definitely worth the wait... it's actually pretty fast compared to places I've waited for a sandwich.. aka IKES place SF.. . Tried the:. full montague - turkey and roastbeef.. it was good but i liked the . earl club a lot better.. soooo good... turkey.. bacon.. mmmmmm very good.. & tuna melt - was really good too.. plain but full of flavor.. . YUMMMMMM.
this place is still delicious. landed in vegas and first stop was Earl's, i had the original this time and it was really good! Something about that warm toasted bread that just makes it really good... i dont even like horseradish but i don't remember tasting much of it. wish they had an Earl's in California =(
Okay I am not a big fan of sandwiches, and the only reason why i came here was because of the bf....but with that being said, i thought this place was pretty good!. . It is open 24 hours, but I don't know if this is good drunkard food, what with all the melted cheese and stuff..... although there might be long line, the wait is not that bad and it moves fairly quickly!. . What we had:. -potato salad in a cup: over priced (it is vegas) and not worth it. -bag of chips: standard. -loaded potato soup: I don't really know why i got soup in vegas, but I did, and it wasn't that great. -Montague: basically hella meat turkey staked on roast beef and the usual toppings: swiss cheese,tomato onion lettuce, etc this sandwich was very flavorful...beef plus turkey makes for a savory taste. . -All American: this is the sandwich i HIGHLY RECOMMEND trying! turkey with cheese, lettuce tomato onions and the one ingredient that makes this sandwich so succulent is the cranberry jam! every time i bit into this sandwich it was like fireworks, like the scene from ratatouille where he envisions fireworks! yea like that!. . and a frozen lemonade: basically lemonade blended with ice! pretty good!. . Surprisingly the sandwiches were 5.99, a pretty decent price that you will find in vegas. . . So get in line and try this place!
After seeing all the 4 and 5 star reviews for this place, my friends and I knew we had to try it. I was debating between the Full Montagu and the All American: the All American won (this time) - loads of turkey, cranberry sauce, ranch dressing, lettuce, cheese and tomatoes.. . The sandwich was packed with fillings. My friend said, "It tastes like Thanksgiving" and she definitely wasn't lying. One of the best parts about the sandwich was the bread: baked fresh everyday, it was crispy yet soft at the same time, and it really made the sandwich that much better.. . After trying a bite of the Full Montagu, I think that sandwich would have been even better than the All American, which was good but not out of this world good.. . It was a cheap, filling lunch, and with so many options to choose from, everyone is bound to find something they like. I would absolutely come back again.
My sandwich was good.. And every time I walked by there was always a long line..
OMG. One of the best sandwiches I've had.  My friends and I were in Vegas for the wknd and we stopped by Earl of Grey to grab a bite for lunch before heading to Encore Beach Club.  I ordered the Earl's Club - Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich Sauce.  I took out the Bacon and Tomatoes since I'm not a huge fan, but everything else was AMAZING.  The bread was ridiculously delicious - it had a gorgeous crust.  The sauce they use in the sandwich was really good too. You wouldn't think to find a good sandwich place like this inside a casino/hotel.  But def a really good find.  Now only if they had a location in California....more specifically in Los Angeles...
I was shocked looking at the reviews score here on yelp! I ordered the Italian which was good, but I think the other sandwiches probably better. I am still a fan though and would return. For the price in Vegas, the sandwiches are really good. I have tasted better sandwiches where I live, but in Vegas, I think this would probably be the best joint to hit up for hot sandwiches.
I tried to be different and got the montagu this past time and I REGRET IT.... I thought it was like FAKE roast beef, but its not. its the REAL DEAL!... hahha oh silly me! However, I LooooooVE the Earl Club sandwich.. that is the BOMB and I always top it off with tabasco sauce. . . Honestly, who eats a club sandwich WITHOUT tabasco sauce?? I know, I NEVER leave it out... Unless I HAVE to. Therefore, when I know I'm eating sandwiches, I bring my stash of T-sauce with me... mmmm. . Anyway, if you want a cheap eat while in Vegas.... STOP HERE! 6 bucks of goOodnes OR after a longgggg night at the club... woOt Woot. I am sure when Marquee opened across the street, Earl of Sandwich income went cha ching $$$$$$$. . . I am ranting again. oPpsiee! . . I do not give 5 stars because I have to buy the chips! I know it's vegas, ya'll charge for everything, but hook me up for 5 pieces of chips... It would make me so happy!
I've heard about this place from everyone that goes to Vegas. I'm so happy to finally try this place! We were in Vegas for EDC weekend so we weren't looking for a big buffet but still wanted something memorable.. . I've actually passed by this place a number of times but never knew it was so good. Located right near the entrance. Line is fairly long, probably looking at a 15-20 min wait. I got the full montagu this time since that is the most popular item I've been hearing.. . Taste: like a very tasty and flavorful panera bread panini. My friend Chris had some cheesy soupy stuff he dipp'd it in which tasted pretty bomb because it wasn't as dry. Good mix.. . Best of all! Super cheap, you're looking at 6-7 bucks top!
Caribbean Jerk Chicken and Full Montagu.. Effin' great.  It's VEGAS and in a CASINO, so the price isn't amazing...  but still worth a trip every time you visit LV.  Now open 24 hours so you can get your fix after a drunken night in the club!. . Their sandwiches don't need the steak sauce, but definitely go well together.. . As a side note: try their sandwiches only.  A friend had a wrap and said it was nothing special.  I DEFINITEL thought my sandwiches were special...  so stick to the basics!
Hands down, one of the best cheap eats on the strip! The original is the right choice along with a salad. No fries here, but Pink's is very accessible just outside the doors. Great desert selection too. Thank you fellow Yelpers for the awesome reco!
Before this visit I would've said that Earl of Sandwich is the best sammie in Las Vegas. However, my expectations were on the moon, far too high for a $6 sandwich. . That being said, the Italian was awesome. Hot sammie, made fresh to order, soft bread, great flavors etc. The only criticism I can muster is that the last few bites felt like work, the bread is a little too chewy.
hm so this is what all the rage is about. The sandwiches are indeed delectable. Ever tasted Panera sandwiches? It taste almost exactly the same. Eat HERE NOW!
VERY crowded during the day.
I don't usually get excited by sandwiches, I mean, it's just a sandwich - especially when it's prefaced by "It's just a roast beef sandwich". But I'm glad that my husband dragged me into this place at 1 am. I couldn't believe it - how can a simple roast beef sandwich bring so much pleasure in my mouth?? Well it did. I didn't know what it was, but the bread was fresh, the beef was flavorful and tender and the sauce was delicious! Maybe I was too drunk (hence the 4 stars, my judgement might've been slightly impaired so I'm hesitant to give it 5 stars), but I really enjoyed my sandwich.
BEST restaurant in Vegas. It's cheap, it's delicious, and it's open 24 hours. It's amazing even when you're sober--now that's a real treat.. . My favorite was the Caribbean Jerk, I had to go back twice for it. My friends also enjoyed the Oiriginal 1762 and the Earl's Club.. . If you're in Vegas, you MUST MUST MUST come here.
Cheap 24 hours sandwich place located inside Planet Hollywood Casino on Las Vegas Blvd.  Perfect place for post party/clubbing.  . . I would not hesitate to come here when I give all of my money to the slot machines.  But I will eat somewhere better when I hit the Jackpot.  Oh Vegas~~
Cheap eats in Vegas might sound like a contradiction but I'm glad I knew about Earl of Sandwich to hit it up during a quick weekday trip. Our group was just looking for a quick and cheap place to eat and this place fit the bill.. . I got the Earl of Club and it was satisfying and delicious. The bread is probably the best part since it's soft but toasted with almost a biscuit quality to it. Others in my group got the Jerk Chicken which was alright if not a little under seasoned for jerk chicken. But who can complain for a $6 sandwich that is more than filling.. . Stop by here for a quick eat and though the line may be long it seems to move pretty quick.
In a town where a "cheap dinner" costs upwards of $20 per person, it was great to find a spot with great food and great prices! I went here with my husband and parents while walking the strip. We got the club, montague, and jerk chicken and we shared all three. The club and montague were filled with meat and cheese and veggies, but the jerk chicken was alittle on the skimpy side. I was a little disappointed in the size of the chicken sandwich... after one bite I found that what it lacked in size it more than made up for in flavor!! And the banana pallets were such a great addition. Personally. A sandwich is only as food as it's bread and this place had amazing bread! It can be difficult to find a table, there were 5 of us circling like vultures! Oh... And it's open 24 hours!! What's not to love?? Two thumbs way up!!
Food: 4. Ambiance: 4. Service: 3. . Food: Nothing beast the Original, except when they have the special "Thanksgiving" sandwich.  Tomato soup is good as well.  Is also very consistent.  Never had a bad experience.. . Ambiance: Its in the Planet hollywood casino and open 24 hours.  . . Service: What you can normally expect from a sandwich chain type restaurant.
Super Tasty!!!! Passes!! Toasted bread! Got the Italian!!! On the small side, skimpy with the veggies. $5.99 is decent price, like a 6" sub.
Tried the hawaiian bbq...yummy and pretty cheap!. . Good bread, meat, sauce...everything. I wanna try the meatball sandwich next time. . . The lines are usually long here but free samples while you wait!. If you don't want to just call in and pick it up.
A friend recommended me to try Earls of Sanwich and I said wth is that. After I yelped it, I was super excited to try "the world's greatest hot sandwich". This place did not disappoint.  I consider this place to be a hidden gem because when it comes to Las Vegas, the first thing that comes to my mind is Buffets. I'm glad I gave this place a shot. The sandwiches that my friends and I ordered are all so delicious. The line was not too long for me but if you're like me it helped provide the extra time to decide what I wanted to get. I decided to get the Full Montagu, an excellent choice  but then again any of their sandwiches are excellent choices. . . I would give it a 5 star but the sandwich was smaller than what i thought it would be.
I got the Hawaiian because well, I like pineapple damn it. And it was goooooooood. Soft, warm, freshly baked bread and tasty ingredients make this a Vegas winner. Especially for all under $8, you can't beat that, and you can take all the money you will save on food and blow it at the craps table! . . Idea: An Earl of Sandwich BUFFET!!!
This is a must not miss stop when in Vegas. Affordable prices and excellent sandwich. We had the Italian and The Montague and both were great.
Great prices for excellent sandwiches! Especially, for being in a casino on the strip.. . I've tried:. The Full Montagu sandwich. The Hawaiian BBQ sandwich. The Earl's Cobb wrap. . Give it a try! You won't be disappointed!
This is my go-to cheap dining option when I'm in Las Vegas.. . Every time I'm in LV I usually go here a few times when I don't want to blow a bunch of money.. . Go for the standard club and you'll be happy. At $7 it's a great deal.. . Watch out for the sandwich with pineapple in it! It's really weird tasting.. . Other that that, this place is awesome!
The sandwiches come on excellent bread.  It's freshly baked, has some flavor, and has a great texture for sandwiches with a somewhat crispy crust but a soft interior.  Unfortunately it's only white bread, there's no whole wheat or multigrain.  I tried the Original, which is a roast beef with chedder and I think horseradish(?). It was very good.  A balanced amount of fillings to bread, the meat had some flavor and was a good texture even if it wasn't astounding.  Ditto with the cheese and the sauce was tasty but didn't overpower the other flavors.  And it was something like $7.  I also tried a sugar cookie, which was fine and not chemically at all (that's amazing for a restaurant cookie) but I wish I'd read the short list of ingredients a little closer and noticed that there's no butter in the cookie...who makes a sugar cookie without flavor (butter)?  The salt and vinegar chips were good too.  I would go here again if I was looking for a relatively inexpensive meal and I was nearby but I don't think I'd necessarily go out of my way.
This sandwich place really hits the spot if you are gambling at Planet Hollywood. They got a variety of sandwiches but I really love the pulled pork sandwich. The lines here can get long, but its vegas and its a casino - rarely do you get great sandwiches in a casino.. . I can easily compare this to Capriatis in vegas (which I really do love). It is my favorite sandwich joint on the strip, and its only a bonus since I play at this casino frequently.
Good sandwiches for reasonable prices.
there was a line when i got there but it moved fast...u order at the counter n then seat urself.... . full montagu: pretty good...i kan def see why they rave about these sandwiches...the portions are pretty decent as well . . macaroni salad: i'm not a fan but i don't normally like these things
Lost all your money playing blackjack and can't afford a fancy meal?  Or spent all night at the club, need to get your eat on?  Or just looking for a good old hearty sandwich smack dab in the middle of the strip?  . . GO TO EARLS!. . For $6, you get a meaty warm sandwich at any hour of the day!  Tomato Bisque Soup is always a must as well as the many different size-able salads that they offer for $7-8 bucks.. . My favorites:. The Original. Full Montagu. Hawaiian BBQ . Tomato Bisque. . Come here any time of the day... breakfast, lunch, second lunch, third lunch, dinner... doesn't matter they are open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. . . Located at the entrance to Planet Hollywood Casino and the Miracle Mile shops... an easy walk and usually easy to find parking as well. Try this place out! Some of the best cheap eats in Vegas!
What can I say?  A great sandwich place that's opened pretty much 24 hrs a day on the Las Vegas Strip!  I recently stayed at the Planet Hollywood Towers, giving me every more reason to come here at least once a day to satisfy my cravings, whether it be for a regular lunch, or for post-drinking munchies.. . Though I'm not a huge fan of turkey, and despite its pretty bland looking description, the Earl's Club is super tasty, even without the A1-tasting sauce that you can add when you sit down.   The ciabatta bread is toasty good and as all great sandwiches go, there's an awesome balance of lettuce, tomatoes, and meat.. . I also get the Caribbean Jerk sandwich too, which has the same great qualities, except with a tangier taste and red and banana peppers that give it a sour kick.. . I've also heard that the Full Montagu is amazing as well, and I plan on trying it next time!
This is one of the best places to eat in Vegas. It is quick and compared to other places in Vegas, quite cheap. I recommend the Full Montagu and the Caribbean Jerk Chicken. The bread is toasted nicely and filled with a good amount of meat and other fresh ingredients. I also recommend eating the sandiwches with their special Steak Sauce. It is DELICIOUS. . . This place is great when you're sober and also good for drunk food because it is open 24 hours! Thank god for Earl of Sandwich!
God I love this place. Ever since I turned 21 back in 2009, I have been enjoying this eatery in the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino. Ironically, the first place I stayed at in Las Vegas was at the PH and I got to enjoy this place up to 3 times during a weekend trip..... . Okay the star missing is because of their "factory-like" mechanical processing of their sandwiches now that they have 1100+ reviews and hundreds of hungry, drunk people wanting their food everyday. Hey, they're open 24 hours, so I understand their concern to be quick... but at the same time they are affecting their quality.. . In 2009/2010, I could enjoy multiple sandwiches that were fluffy and not mashed together by the server. Maybe I'm just bitter or maybe I glorified those first few sandwiches, but I don't think Earl will ever be the same. It's still worth the $6 for each sandwich compared to some pricey, fast-casual eateries on the strip, but I'd rather just go to the Monte Carlo Food Court and grab a McDonald's sandwich or Subway instead for less.. . If you're staying in PH, stay alert for the coupons as well. The location, btw, is at the entryway of their shops right off the strip.
I don't understand how a simple sandwich could vary in taste so much at places you go. . . I bought a Cannonball!, one of the hot sandwiches. It is basically, Meatballs, marinara, mozzarella, and Parmesan cheese. My friends got the Best BLT, Caribbean Jerk Chicken, and others. We all thought ours was pretty good. Obviously not the best sandwich we've ever tasted, but a step up from subway, quiznos, etc. And for $5.99, not bad at all especially on the strip! I am a real critic of bacon since i love it, and I have to say... that bacon on my friends BLT made me almost regret getting the Cannonball (even though it was delicious). It was crispy, yet not overcooked nor dry. And the bread is so simple, but it makes it taste damn good. I also got the frozen lemonade for $1.99. Best thing is that I can actually drink some of it without having to wait 30 minutes to melt. It was still frozen and slushy, but got about half way until i had to wait for the rest to melt/use a spoon. Oh wells, makes a good thing last longer.. .  We were there at around 11am on a Sunday though and were still able to find a table that seated 6 people (with a couple other empty tables), so seating wasn't bad. . . Good prices, good food, good location, fast service. And I didn't even have to be drunk to enjoy it! Best thing is that afterwards, you can shop, go out to the strip, or go for a round of gambling.
I'm a believer!. . I told my friends that there's this sandwich place in Vegas that has affordable food but has a line that looks a mile long.  They're reaction?  A bewildered look thinking that I'm crazy to want to wait in a line that long for a sandwich.  How could could a sandwich really be right?  WRONG.  The sandwich is that damn good and I made a believer out of each and every one of them.. . The moment we got to the Miracle Mile area and they saw the line, they turned around and wanted to just go to McDonald's.  But as fate would have it, we ended up walking around the Miracle Mile for a bit and on our way back the line died down quite a bit.  It actually moves pretty fast, so don't be fooled by the length.  That's what she said.... . I ordered the Full Montagu and others ordered the Earl's Club.  Once we got their food, all my friends were talking smack about how ridiculous the line was but the moment they put the sandwich in their mouth...they all shut up.  One friend literally dropped his sandwich and said this was one of the best sandwiches he's ever had.  The must sprinkle crack in these sandwiches because everyone was hooked from then on. . . Great food and an affordable price on the strip.  I know I know...its unheard of right?  But Earl of Sandwich proves itself to be an exception the rule.  A must try for Vegas visitors!
I'm going from strictly memory of my Earl of Sandwich experience.  My fat Hawaiian friend recommended this spot and after building his creditability with the Pizzeria @ The Cosmopolitan, I gave in.  Earl's is pretty easy to find and is right across from the Sugar Factory.  The sandwich shop was pretty busy, but it could of been the holiday, 4th of July.. . The menu is extensive and consists of hot sandwiches, salads & wraps, desserts, breakfast items, and beverages and smoothies.  I opted for a hot sandwich, more specifically the Caribbean Jerk Chicken.  The sandwich is subtle and includes grilled chicken, roasted red & banana peppers, and their signature spicy jerk sauce.. . The sandwich was mouth watering delicious.  The chicken was nicely grilled and seasoned.  The lettuce, tomato, and peppers gave it that crunch, and their jerk sauce gave it that kick without overwhelming the overall taste. The food was awesome, but I do suggest ordering a large or two sandwiches, as I was left somewhat unfilled after my regular sized sandwich.  It's no five star sandwich but it's damn close.
Delicious hot sandwiches,  opened 24 hours, what more do I need to say?. . Oh, get the meatball sandwich! SO GOOD!
As I am writing this, "Earl of Sandwich" has 1186 reviews and 4.5 stars for a rating. The short of it is the rating is TOTALLY deserved. It is not 5 star in my eyes because there are no pastrami, corned beef or Rubin offerings (a fact that the order taker knew all too well) and so I can't in all good conscious give it that  1/2 star. But boy howdy, they knowhow to make a sandwich.. . I had the "Full Montague" and my wife the "Club Sandwich". Both were done just right with tasty sauces on bread that could stand up to the true test of a sandwich, which is, can you eat it holding it in one hand with poker cards in the other hand? This means the sandwich is stacked right, pressed correctly, not too moist to soggy out the bun, does not dribble parts of it down your shirt and most importantly not fall apart. If it meets those criteria AND tastes fantastic you got yourself a winning sandwich. And at "Earl of Sandwich" you got yourself a winning sandwich.. . I am not going to go into more details; the other 1186 reviews will state more than I can ever write. But I will say this: I am a Vegas Local which means I normally do not head into the casino for a sandwich, it is just too much of a hassle, but that may change now that I have tasted the goodness of "Earl of Sandwich", and I don't know of any better recommendation.. . "Earl of Sandwich" people, if you are reading this, open up one of these in North Las Vegas. I will drive to it; I will eat there... OFTEN. Please please please open one nearby. Amen!
Been to Vegas a couple of times, but surprisingly, I never stopped by Earl of Sandwich. My girlfriend and I just arrived at Vegas and we were pretty hungry from the ride. We called up our friends, and told everyone to meet us up at Earl's.. . Earl's is located inside Planet Hollywood; which I thought would be a pain; however, it happened to be quite the opposite. We parked inside the parking structure and there was free valet service waiting for us. We headed inside and though it was a little bit of a maze to find the place, we eventually made it to our destination.. . The line was long; as expected. But it seemed like the workers there had a pretty good system down. We ordered a turkey/bacon sandwich, and by the time we made it to the register, it was only a couple minutes before our sandwich came out.. . The sandwich was super fresh, and with a little Dijon mustard, it melted in my mouth. I split half of the sandwich with my girlfriend, but I was pretty tempted to fight her for her half! It was a delicious sandwich, I would definitely go back!
it was mouth watering the first few times... then... it got boring. fast, cheap and good food for drunks is always a great option i guess. -1 star for always running out of soup! esp the broc and cheddar.
I've been to Vegas several times and I can't believe that I only heard about this place a few months ago. . . EARL'S CLUB SANDWICH = A MUST! . . I enjoyed and split the Earl's Club sandwich the first night and made sure to get my own the second time I craved it. Thank God my friends and I stayed at Planet Hollywood! . . The Earl's Club = roasted turkey, smoked bacon (mmm!), aged Swiss cheese, lettuce, tomatoes & this yummy Dijon sauce. On top of that, the bread is toasted to perfection.
Awesome hot sandwiches! Open 24 hours, perfect for an after clubbing cheap eat (~$6), especially if you live in Planet Hollywood. A tad bit on the salty side, so have a bottle of water with you when consuming. . . Minus 1 star because I was craving a salad that night and tried the Earl's Cobb. Avoid the salad, so sad looking and bland tasting. Stick with sandwiches and you can't go wrong!
Came stumbling in after night of drinking and dancing with 2 of my gfs ready to get our grub on.  It was super late or super early depending on how you look at it but there were tons of people eating and a line forming out the door.  . . We ordered the hawaiian sandwich and the earl's club.  The sandwiches were fairly small but super delicious.  My eyes were way hungrier than my tummy cuz I was only able to take a couple of bites from each sandwich.  Each bite tasted better than the last.  I'm a little saddened I didn't eat any more because I am totally craving it right now.  The hawaiian sandwich was perfectly filled with pinneapples, cheese and meat. . . 6 dollars well spent =)
Try "The Original 1762" - it's roasted beef with cheddar cheese and horseradish sauce on a freshly baked artisan bread plus add a lil' mustard...Mmmm!
I'm not a huge sandwich person so coming here I was expecting something that would blow my mind.. . I tried the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and I gotta say it was pretty good. The roasted peppers were a nice touch with a hint of spiciness. Bread was toasted perfectly and the chicken had a lot of flavor. Probably the better 2 of the ones a tried.. . I also had the Earl's Club which wasn't all that special. Fresh bread and veggies, bacon prepared well, and turkey is... well... turkey. Sandwich was good but nothing to be wowed about.. . Everything tasted pretty good but nothing really to go crazy for everyday. Great place to go in Vegas if you have the drunken munchies.
Everyone raves about Earl's in Vegas. I'm a big fan of sandwiches so I was definitely down to grab some. It's not a large portion which is great on the go, cheap so it's easy on the wallet.. . My friend and I spilt a full montagu sandwich off their signature hot sandwich menu. The full montagu includes roast beef, turkey, aged swiss and cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and earl's mustard sauce between their artisan bread loaf. (Also great drunk food.). . Go again? For sure.
Open 24 hours a day, Earl of Sandwich is a great place to grab a bite to eat.  There's almost always a line I heard, so I must have gotten lucky bc there was no line.  I got the Hawaiian BBQ and my friend got the Pastrami.  Both sandwiches were good, but my friend said his would have been better had he gotten a side of extra horseradish.  Bread is pretty good, too, and the sandwich is filled with ample meat.
Date/Time:  Friday - 2pm. Occasion:  Lunch. Party of:  Two. Location:  Open-seating.  Cafeteria like. Order your sandwich and sit.. Ordered:  1/2 Earl's Club with Turkey & 1/2 Full Montagu. Total incl gratuity: ~$6pp. . Pretty darn good for a hot sandwich, I'll definitely give 'em that!  After a very eventful Thursday night at Tao, it was hard to drag my booty outta bed but my girlfriend and I decided we wanted sandwiches so we walked ourselves across the street to Planet Hollywood to get some sandwiches.  (We were staying at the Cosmo.  The walk wasn't too bad, btw).. . Much on the menu looked tempting but my gf ordered one and I ordered another and we each ate half.  Both were pretty tasty but I'd have to say the club wins by a hair!  Bread is nice and toasty but not overly toasty where it's crunchy.  The sauces and the meats were perfectly portioned.  The sandwich is good enough that when you finish it, you actually want more.  Come to think of it, I really should have ordered another one for Saturday morning because the same thing happened.  Eventful night at XS = no desire to get up in the morning and walk to get something to eat.  Nonetheless, very tasty and inexpensive place to grab a fuifilling lunch!  $6.00. Oh heck yeah!  Cheapest meal in Vegas to date!
The sandwiches here are awesome. There are many choices, and everyone will be pleased if you come here. Also, the price is right. Some small complaints would be that the bread is equivalent to the bread served at Subway - they just toast the outside a little bit. Yet again, minor complaints. Also, the salad is not as fresh as possible, and some of the lettuce had brown spots. . I highly recommend the Tuna Melt, the Club, and the Cannonball. Also, the tomato soup as a side is delectable. . If you are looking for a delicious sandwich during your time in Vegas, this is the place to go. It is also open 24 hours, so it would be the perfect late night snack!
after rolling out of bed WELL past breakfast & lunch, earl of sandwich sounds like a great vegas-cheap eat. . we shared 2 of their signature hot sammies! which aren't amazing BUT when you're hungry in vegas & on budget... the toasted bread & ingredients do wonders. ----the full montagu. ----the carribean jerk chicken!. . NOTE: everyone's got the same idea..you'll probably run into someone you know here.. soOOo look alive!!!
I wouldn't call it the "world's best sandwich" but it was Planet Hollywood's best sandwich for sure. Great place if you are on a budget. A sandwich costs around 7 dollars which isn't too bad compared to most other places. Ingredients were fresh and service was quick so that's a major plus. I tried the Full Montague...which was a hot sandwich with roasted turkey and roast beef. It was yummy! So good, I had it twice during our trip. Best part is they are open 24 hours so it's the perfect place to hit up after a night of drinking.
After like 4 trips to Vegas in the past 3 months ... I figured it's time to try this famous sandwich spot. Needless to say, I was quite pleased.. . My friend got the original full Montague, whereas I decided to be a little different and got the Italian sandwich. Pretty damn good if I must say so myself. . The bread on both sandwiches were beautifully toasted and each sandwich was the perfect size to wrap your lips around and take bite after bite after bite. Not too greasy and not too filling. Twas a quite amazing sandwich.. . My only problem with this place is the location and the wait (at least a 30 minute wait). So, if you're near Planet Hollywood, by all means, please please try this place. BUT, if you're not ... just be prepared for the trek. And sometimes, they run out of the full Montague. So, get there before they run out! A definite place to try if you're in a Vegas.
There's not much more that I can say about Earl of Sandwich that hasn't already been said. Fresh and delicious ingredients inside freshly baked bread. At $5.99, it's a good bargain, especially for Vegas. It's conveniently located just yards from the strip and is now open 24 hours. A great alternative to your typical fast food place. Yep, I'm a fan.
$5.99 hot sandwiches (which is on the cheap side for a meal on the Vegas strip). Inside Planet Hollywood. Walk up & order service ( line goes quick). . I tried The Earl's Club!  It is a hot sandwich & made on their Artisan bread!  It was very good!  We were surprised how it filled us up too!  . . Definitely a good place to eat while on the strip without breaking the bank!!. . I went to their website to find out they are in TX (San Antonio & Sugarland )& FL(Downtown Disney)!
They are open all the time and carry cheap but excellent hawaiian bbq, carribbean chicken and the original roast beef sandwiches.   I find such great balance of flavors in these sandwiches.  . . I personally love the bread...warm, toasted, slightly crunch but soft....I mean come on!  getting this right is hard. . . well, they have been making this sandwich for 250 years now...I guess they should get it right just by now...right?  =)
My favorite little sandwich place! And I always try to make a stop there while in Vegas. Its delicious and cheap!. . My favorites:. The Veggie Sandwich. The Caprese Sandwich or wrap. . Although the caprese is one of my favorites, they need to add some sort of spinach or mixed green lettuce to this. If not, you have a greasy delicious meal of buttered bread with cheese, tomato, basil and sprinkles of balsamic vinegar. The balsamic vinegar is out of this world good and the bread is amazing. But I can't help but feel like I will start breaking out or that my arteries are clogging after eating this. Add some spinach!! On the other hand, I suppose thats the type of meal someone is looking for when drunk or hung over in Vegas. Maybe I shouldn't eat there sober.. . The service is to be expected being a place where you place your order, find your own seat and grab your food when your buzzer goes off. Nothing special but the food will be a burst of rainbows, love and joy in your mouth. Eat on!
This place is worth all the hype it is a great sandwich for a good price. It just sucks its IN the planet hollywood i wish it was off the strip.
One of the best values on the Las Vegas strip!. . For less than $15, you can get a sandwich, side of potato or mac salad and a drink.  . . Sandwiches and sides are very tasty and will keep you full for a while.  . . I wish there were more veggie options, but you really can't go wrong with a caprese sandwich!
OMG! The full montagu is soooooo good! Roast beef with Turkey. Everything is made to order and hot! Great meal after a night of partying. Thank goodness for it being open 24 hours. The prices are very reasonable too. I couldn't even finish my sandwich because it was so big. . . I'm drooling and wishing I had this sandwich in front of me right now.
i've been here twice so far on diff trips... . 1st trip. -jerk chicken. on my first try i would've given it a 1* but looking back i'd just tell myself my taste buds were out of whack and didn't have much of an appetite from partying too hard.. i had to force myself to eat this sandwich so that's probably why i didn't think it was anything special. . 2nd trip. -full montagu: they crisp the bread just right so that the inside is still nice without being crumbly.. liked this sandwich more than the jerk chicken. -ice cream sandwich: huge brownie split in the middle with vanilla ice cream inside.. after eating the sandwich with salty chips, it was a great way to end the meal . . depending on how im feeling and how hungry i am, i'd go back to this place.. and why not? its cheap, fast, easy.. everything you'd want in vegas.
Short but sweet review affordable prices and tasty food can't beat that. They can toast you're bread if you wanted it toasted. Oh yeah friendly service too boot!!!.
Awesome tomato soup. Can be long lines, but it moves quickly.
I love Earl's!!! I normally don't crave sandwiches after a night of drinking and dancing, but Earl's is a different story. Earl's is open 24 hours, the sandwiches are relatively cheap, and they're delicious!! I usually get the Full Montagu, and I love that the sandwich is assembled first and THEN toasted to perfection. All the ingredients, even the vegetables still remain fresh. Writing this review just makes me want one now.  Yummmmmm.
Cheap and YUMMY. The two times i went here in Vegas i went for their hot sandwiches. I got the Earl's Club and the Full Montagu. If you want to try one sandwich here...go for the Full Montagu. It's a party in your mouth. Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce....how can you go wrong? The Earls' Club was a Turkey BLT pretty much. Ehhh didn't get much bacon. . . I hear the original sandwich is also banging.....damn need to try that. Thank God they opened up a spot in NYC.
When I heard about Earl's, I kept picturing a nice gourmet sit-down restaurant that lavishly only sold handsome sandwiches.  Little did I know that it was just another Subway style sandwich place--with darker interior and more sit-down areas.  Don't get me wrong though their sandwiches were super well made, actually no they were super well done with the warming up process.  I really want to try the sandwich non-warmed up to see if there is a difference with the taste and texture.  . . I ordered The Earl and the Hawaii BBQ Chicken which I both highly recommend.  Other people went more extravagant with their choices, such as the Full Montagu but I personally wanted to see if their basic sandwiches were even stellar.  . . The location of Earl of Sandwich is incredibly convenient and I couldn't have asked for a better location.  Smack middle-ish on the Strip and very near the entrance of Planet Hollywood. The fact that it's opened 24 hours a day makes this place even more golden.
This is a great sandwich place (don't get me wrong) which is why I'm giving it 4 stars, but the 4.5 overall rating on Yelp with 1300+ reviews makes it seem like this place is slightly overrated.. . It's dirt cheap for Vegas which is great because food places that sell sandwiches for $6 on the strip is virtually impossible to find. The sandwich itself (got the Original which was roast beef, cheddar, and horseradish sauce) was very good, but a little bit on the small side.. . If you're looking for cheap eats that are good definitely check out this place.
A tasty sandwich without wallet gauging prices...certainly a rare find in Vegas and perhaps that is why so many people flock here! . . I got the Original Earl and although it was only okay, my roast beef was a little on the dry side (and I wish I had some au jus to dip it in *hint hint Earl...new venture?) it was still a good sandwich for the price. And the best part the bread was toasted to perfection. Not too crunchy and not too soft on the inside...it's an art to toasting bread and Earl has got it down. . . My boyfriend got the Hawaiian and that was also a tasty sandwich, try both!
Simply an amazing sandwich to have while in Vegas. For only $5.99 you can choose from a variety of different sandwiches. It's definitely one of the cheaper items to get in Vegas and can fill you up relatively well. But what really makes Earl's so special is the bread and how it's toasted. I honestly don't know what they do that makes it so good, because it just looks like that roll it through just any regular ole rolling toaster oven! Whatever they do, it works and it makes the sandwiches prety awesome.. . The full montague was one of my faves. Good thing it's open 24/7 because it's great to get as drunk food after a night out on the Strip. . . Find me here again? Definitely.
Located in Planet Hollywood for only $5.99 you can choose from a variety of different hot sandwiches. I tried half of the The Full Montague (Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce) and half of the Italian (Salami, Capicola, Roasted Ham, Mortadella, Zesty Italian Dressing, Mozzarella & Roma Tomatoes and Peppers). They both have a very good blend of fresh ingredients. The best part of the sandwich I have to admit was the bread. The bread on the outside was nice & crispy and the inside was  melt in your mouth good.  . . Be aware there are often times long lines and lack of tables/chairs. Oh and opened 24hours :)
Still managed to get lost when looking for it.  Thanks Yelpers for trying to help.  I see what you mean when you say "in" the casino.  Thought it was on the left as you enter the Ph Casino but it was on the right.  How could I have missed it?  I always get lost in the hotels on the strip, though.  Oops.. . Caribbean Jerk Sandwich $6.  Hmmm.  Chunks of chicken.  Microscopic amount of peppers.  Spicy Sauce.  Toasted roll.  Needs lettuce and tomato?. . I would go back but I would try something else.  Very filling for 6 bucks.  Very quick service.
Tried the full montagu and caribbean jerk chicken.  . . First of all...the bread is good.  Toasty, chewy, and doesn't fall apart.  The montagu was good, but the caribbean jerk chicken really does need some work.  I ordered it since other yelp reviewers recommended it, but something is missing in that sandwich.  There isn't much spice in the sauce, and it needs more than some roasted red peppers and some hot peppers, no?  . . Line is crazy long, but it goes very quickly and tables open up pretty fast.  Would def come again :)
I love hot sandwiches, so this place was a must for me in Vegas.. My first time here, I tried the Cannonballs (meatball) and Carribean Jerk Chicken sandwiches.  The meatball sandwich was delicious! Chicken was okay.  Next time I'm here, I'll definitely try the Full Montagu.. . Five stars for their system of taking & completing orders (very organized and efficient) and large dining area.. . average $6/sandwich, very affordable!
Went there for lunch, line was about 50 people long.. . Ordered the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich. Bread, chicken, ham, pinapple and Hawaiian BBQ sauce.. . The sandwich was a good size-- about the size of a largeQuizno's sub. The meat inside the sandwich was tasty-- especially the rolls of ham. They overwhelmed my sandwich with their Hawaiian BBQ sauce. They put about 2 tiny slices of pineapple in my sandwich-- not enough given the generous portions of ham. . . For the price, it's a good sandwich. I was disappointed in the execution but it had good ingredients. If you're looking for something gourmet, turn somewhere else.
This place is hands down the best thing that ever happened in Vegas. Okay, I'm being a little overly dramatic, but every time I go to Vegas, which is pretty often nowadays...My friends and I HAVE to go here! We usually go here right when we get to Vegas, after some late night clubbing, and right before we leave Vegas.. . Its Cheap. Fast. Good. This place is pretty much always crowded, but its fast. My favorites here are:. -Earl of Clubs. -Tuna Melt. -Broccoli and Cheddar soup: amazing!. . Genius of them to be open 24 hrs! I wish they would open a location in OC !
Mmm!  delicious sandwiches!  . . I heard all the hype and decided to try it out.  I was expecting something a little different but overall, good food at a good price. . . I had the Full Montagu and my buddy had the Hawaiian bbq sandwich.  Both were really good.  Bread was great like everyone else says, and the flavors in the montagu were great!  . . we went around 9am so there wasnt much of a line but as we left PH, around 12-1pm, the line was suppper long.  Glad weskipped out on that part of this experience!
What an amazingly good idea.  I came here twice while I was in Vegas.  Once was sober, and once was VERY drunk.. . First experience - Great meal to have right as we pull into Vegas and settle into our rooms before a long night of partying.  I had the roast beef sandwich, pretty standard.  But the sandwich was a perfect size (I didn't even finish mine) and the flavors were perfect.  It wasn't dry or bland at all.  The line took about 10 minutes, but we got our food fairly quickly and devoured our sandwiches in our room.. . Second experience - I came here around four in the morning, after a long night at Marquee.  I was very drunk and very hungry.  I am sure there was a line, but I don't remember.  What I do remember is getting hit on, multiple times, in my pajamas.  Haha. I was kind of annoyed because ALL I wanted to do was eat my sandwich.  I got the meatball sandwich this time, and I ate the whole thing.  It hit the spot and helped settle my stomach from all the alcohol.  . . In any instance, this place hits the spot. Try it out and see for yourself.
Three things you need to survive a Zombie Apocalypse:. - Machete or Ax. - A good sidearm with a few clips for emergency. - Earl of Sandwich Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich and the Montegu!. . This place lives up to its hype. Open 24 hours cranking out delicious food for the hungry masses. When you are drunk after clubbing..come here. If you have sore feet after dancing..come here. If you want to meet hot girls..i guess you can come here too. They serve sandwiches, soups, salads, soda, beer, and snacks. And best of all..ALL SANDWICHES ARE ONLY $5.99! . . i ate at this place two days in a row during my stay in Vegas. i guess i knew i wasn't coming back for a while so i had to get my fix. The staff could be a little rude..but im not there for the staff, im there for the food. Just get in, order, get out. All those other reviews of people bitching about rude service..grow some thicker skin..cuz you wont be able to survive a Zombie Apocalypse with that attitude!!
If you live in or by planet Hollywood, you must go to Earl of Sandwiches for a $6 sandwich!! It's awesome. I tried the club, full monague, and tuna melt. I must say my favorite was the tuna melt. It doesn't come with anything but the melted cheese and tuna goodness on a toasty bread bun, but you can ask them to add lettuce and tomato for free! . . I loved their soups too. Tomato bisque and broccoli cheddar were both delicious. I think over our weekend in Vegas, for every meal and late night snack, our group of 16 always had someone that went to Earl's. It's quick, cheap, and good! It's open 24 hours too. . . Almost makes it ok that we stayed so far down the strip from grand lux :)
In Vegas, it's hard to find anything that is decently priced and tasty as well. I grabbed a Club Sandwich and for $5.99, it was delicious after a long night of walking and gambling! I had the Ghiradelli brownie ice cream sandwich for dessert and both were yummy. My DH had the Full Montague and he said it was good but I didn't take a bite since I don't care for mustard. We would definitely go back again!
I had to try this sandwich joint after reading the reviews!  It was soooo good that I bought 3 sandwiches!!! For only $5.99 each, it's such a great deal compared to paying $35-$40 for a buffet in vegas with mediocre food.. . The line was very short and the employees work similar to a production line where each one had their responsibilities, (bread, meat, toaster, condiments, etc..)  Service was fast!. . Ordered the Jerk Chicken sandwich (wasn't as spicy as I thought, but still good), the Tuna Sandwich (lots of cheese! how i like it!), and the Club sandwich.  I took the club sandwich back to the Vdara hotel to eat later since there was a microwave in the room, but one of my friends ate it before I even tried it..lame. . . The BREAD is the main component that is making their sandwiches taste so good.  It's perfectly toasted and melts in your mouth.. . Since I have a crazy sweet tooth, I bought the chocolate chip cookie and the brownie creme sandwich. The cookie was chewy and had the perfect sized chucked of chocolatechips and the brownie was moist and chocolaty  Both tasted great, no complaints, and I'm highly critical when it comes to desserts!
Imagine being a little more than slightly intoxicated at 3:00 a.m. after a rough night at the club. Your stomach is grumbling and you decide that it might be best to fill it with something before everything you consumed earlier that night comes up in a very unpleasant way.. . If you're ever in such a situation, Earl of Sandwich is definitely the perfect remedy for you. Though there's usually a line, it goes pretty quickly, and especially late at night there are always interesting people to talk to in line.. . I usually go for the full motagu, which has turkey, roast beef, and some sort of mustard in it. However, I've tried the Tuna melt and the jerk chicken, and both are pretty good.. . The sandwich is decently sized for around $6, so I usually split the sandwich with a friend or save it for drunchies later.. . Even when I'm not staying at planet hollywood, I always make an effort to try to come to Earl's for at least one meal, and I'll definitely be back in the future.
Ummm...how do you sell out of Roast Beef at 1pm?!?!. . It's a good think your other sandwiches are just as tasty!  Came here with a large group of friends--which means, i got to steal a bite off everyone's sandwich. . . Conclusion?  Pass on the Hawaiian sandwich, but the Italian was awesome.  Oh, and if they have tomato soup. ORDER IT.
Got the club sandwich since the dude at the counter told me its the most popular item... yup i couldn't pull yelp up on my phone in time... sprint didn't get me my service in time... oh wells.. . Any how i came with a group of five and 4 of us had the club.  Luckily one decided to be different and got the Roast Beef.. . Roast Beef = BOMB!!. Club = not so much.....
This place is pretty darn cheap, especially in comparison to other non-fastfood places in vegas. i would definitely pay $7 for a BOMB DOT COM SANDWICH! . . and it fills you up pretty well. my friend and i thought we would be hungry w/ just eating one sandwich so we decided to get two. i had to save that sandwich for later.. :)
So I've been here waay too many times.. . In fact, during my last vegas trip, my diet pretty much strictly consisted of earl's..I had it 3 times in two days.. . As for sandwiches ($6):. -full montagu: classic. if you like roast beef, get it. -earl's club: I actually like this better than the full montagu. lighter.. -italian: also bomb but a tad bit salty. -carribean jerk chicken: light. filled with veggies so feels healthy. -hawaiian: literally tastes like hawaiian pizza. . The soups ($3) are actually pretty bomb too-- tomato (get the croutons on the side, and ask for cheese on the top) and cheesy broccoli (mmMmm super cheesy & thick).. . I also ALWAYS get the macoroni salad ($1.79) and that with tabasco = heavennnn.. . Dont get the beers here. Overpriced. Get it from the ABC store across the hallway :)
quiznos but 2398239x times better!!! i hate how quiznos sandwiches end up with really hard outsides and really soggy bread on the inside...this place is nothing like that!! the bread is toasted but its still a little soft, and it has a slight crunch to it...perfect thing to eatwhen youre toasted on the vegas strip and you need to eat so you can drink some more!! the Club sandwich is the business btw.
Been to EoS twice now. Located in the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood, it's best to enter thru the front via the strip as it's a trek from the parking garage.. . The first time I ordered the Earl Club less the bacon ($6).. . The second time I had half Earl Club with the bacon, half the Montague, and the tomato soup.. . Hands down, the Earl Club is my FAVE. 5 stars!!! The Montague just had a  different taste to it that didn't appeal to me. The tomato soup was bland. I want to say it's missing basil or some kind of spice. I had to add salt to taste.. . Awesome that it's open 24 hours and there is ample seating. The service is super quick and the turnover to dine in is pretty fast. . . I can't get enough of their ciabatta bread!!!
Mmmmm Earl of Sandwich was the first thing I was craving when I woke up in Vegas. This restaurant is a little far from the Planet Hollywood parking structure so it is best if you enter from the Strip. The line is intimidating in the beginning, but it goes by pretty fast. . . We decided to order the Earl Signature Sandwich, the Jerk Chicken Sandwich, the tomato soup with croutons, and the Frozen Lemonade. Both sandwiches were made in soft fluffy bread and came supplied with ample amounts of meat and ingredients. I feel you can't go wrong with any of their sandwiches. The Frozen Lemonade was a little too extreme and citrus-y for my liking. I loved the tomato soup with croutons; it wasn't bland or watered down. I might be a little bias since there were croutons and by default, I have a stronger liking toward all salads and soups that come with those little bread cubes :)
I come here at least once or twice when I'm in Vegas. Great sandwiches, quick service. yummy chicken Caesar salads too.
Im singing: "I ordered the jerk she says you are what you eat!" My gf says: no baby you've ordered soy sauce cuz your dark and chinky...lol!
Sandwiches are delish, salads.. I might skip those. :) My friend had one and uhhh she didn't look so good later.. LOL. . ANYWAY I had the Hawaiian sandwich with turkey and ham, pineapple and the special bbq-sweet and sour tasting sauce. YUM. I'm not a sandwich person but rather than gorge myself at a vegas buffet and down a meter stick frozen drink in a boot.. a sandwich was a good idea. :) It was hot, flavorful and I didn't get sick. Enough said. Plus the huge line and crowd eased the nerves of it not being good.. Then again, who's really paying attention to the food they had in Vegas? Oh wait, me. Sober trip you see it's real style. LOL
Never would I have imagined this place being so popular on Yelp!  Went here for our last meal in Vegas after seeing all the positive reviews from yelp friends!. . I got the Caprese sandwich, since I'm a vegetarian.  You really can't mess up a caprese sandwich.  Or even make it any better... until you have Earl of Sandwich!  They made me an excellent caprese sandwich!. . It's been a while since I went, but I remember the bread being perfectly toasted... not too soft and not crunchy where it's tearing up my gums.  It was a perfect combination of a crispy outside and warm soft fluffy bready-insides.  Then the buffalo mozzarella was so fresh, as were all the veggies that came inside my sandwich.  Most enjoyable caprese sandwich ever!. . My fiance got a meatball sandwich, but he recalls it being just okay.  But after talking to so many people who rave about Earl of Sandwich, he's hyped up to go back and try a different sandwich!
On way to Vegas was super hungry and thinking of the first spot to eat at..Yelped and found Earl of Sandwhich...was so excited. I went through the reviews and heard so much about the famous Montague so had to try it. It was tasty and overall good, however I expected it to have more of a wow factor. Not quite.. Wanted to try another one just to really have a 5 Star experience, but was too full. As for the service it was super fast and friendly, and organized. There is a variety of sandwiches and sides, and even deserts. So will definitely eat here again when visiting Vegas.
Las Vegas is a second home to me, and this is hands down the best place in Vegas to get a sando. . . When you are hungover and need to catch a flight all you want is a something fast and filling, Earl of Sandwich is the perfect place to go. No matter how busy they get the line moves quick. Even at peak times I've always been able to find a seat without a wait.. . The Full Montigue and Italian are my favorites, but everything on the menu is worth trying. Every sandwich is served hot and the bread, cheese, and meat seem to melt into one delicious bite that cant be beat. . . If they moved into Caesers I would be the happiest person on earth, until then it's definitely worth the walk to Planet Hollywood.
A must-try if you're in Vegas! . . Even though it looks packed, the lines actually go super quick and you get your food pretty quickly as well. I got the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and I usually would be picky and say no to the bell peppers, but I decided to keep them in. So glad I did because they were DELICIOUS!! The bread was so crisp, the bell peppers were sweet and they went perfect with the chicken and spicy jerk sauce (haHhaa jerk sauce sounds totally wrong). . . The sandwich was smaller than I had anticipated but in the end, I was happy because I wasn't overly full and could still fit into my dress that night :)
I usually don't do JUST a sandwich in Vegas but I just had to give my respects to Earl. After-all he did invent the sandwich and this is HIS way of doing it. Very good eats. I've never met anyone who doesn't like sandwiches so you, ya you, you should give this a try!
24 hour sandwich shop?  I'm so there after an awesome night out in Vegas.. . I stick to my usual Earl's Club sandwich as my lunch, dinner, and late dinner staple.  I love the sandwich sauce they use for this one, so that's why I can't ever order any other sandwich... because they don't have the special sauce!. . Funny story:  One weekend, per request of my close friend, we went there Friday, Saturday, Sunday night for dinner.  She ordered the Thanksgiving Holiday sandwich all 3 nights.  She LOVED everything (except she's not a cranberry sauce fan) about it, but .... safe to say, she avoided Earl's like the plague for an entire year.  Finally.... went back and had it again. It's like love again.
finally, i made my stop at earls after all these attempts coming to vegas.. . sandwiches are good, and what makes it stand out is the bread itself.  . . the line was really long but moves relatively fast.  you order first, pay at the end, and pick up once ur buzzer goes off.  . . their frozen lemonade was eye squinting sour!  eck.. their potato soup tasted weird.  kindaaa sour-ish.  me no likey.
cant go wrong here, in the mood for sandwich this is it. its baked and toasty, healthy and filling. its not as good as jersey mikes but almost there.  price is very Worth it.
Get: Earl's club. . Note: The soups change daily...i wanted the cream of broccoli but they didn't have it when i went :(. . . Earl of Sandwich is in PH but far enough away from the noise and smoke to sit and eat there. I got the earls club and my friend got the full montagu. 12.95 is not bad for two sandwiches in Vegas, so that was a plus. They were out of the ice cream sandwiches, and also didn't have the soup I wanted to try :((((. . Earl's club was a delicious sandwich. The bread is fabulous and crunchy but fluffy on the inside, and of course, warm. The lettuce, bacon, cheese, and tomatoes go perfectly (duh) and are of high quality. Warm and delicious even when not drunk. I tried my friends sandwich, the montage, and it was good as well but not as juicy (no bacon) and not as flavorful (probably the bacon again) as my sandwich (bacon!). Definitely worth a stop if you're craving hot sandwiches or need a good drunk food
I stopped by here one day for lunch while I was staying in PH, and I was not disappointed.. . I ordered the full montagu, and it was very good.  The sandwich was kind of the perfect size, it didn't leave me totally stuffed and miserable, but I wasn't still hungry after eating it.  Also it was perfectly priced.. . Warm, fresh ingredients, all in all, a great sandwich.  I would stop by again.
Earl of Sandwich is @ Planet Hollywood.. . Tried the Full Montagu sandwich and was not hungry after that.  Really big portion.  Full Montagu is - Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce.  Pretty darn good.  Shared a salad - the Caprese Salad - . Field Greens & Romaine, Fresh Mozzarella Cheese, Roma Tomato, Fresh Basil & Balsamic Vinaigrette.  Very fresh salad.
Came with gfs when we were doing some shopping and got hungry. Even though there was a line we decided to wait because of the Yelp reviews.. . I got the Earl Club Sandwish http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=kSsJiWF-mByH0LLCbS6DbA&select=ol34-ZyPdzh9p6elCEcqRQ and a sugar cookie. Sandwich was really good but slightly salty. Tried my friend's Montagu it was good too but also a little salty. I think its the turkey....common ingredient *ding ding ding*. . Cookie was blah....coulda saved the two bucks and throw it in the slot machine instead.
We came to Vegas for the weekend and in the process of walking around, became hungry, so we checked out yelp for some options.  Lo and behold, Earl of Sandwich came up and with so many reviews and a good overall rating, we decided to check it out.. . We (my girlfriend and I), split the Caprese salad and settled on the club and the Italian for hot sandwiches.  The salad wasn't bad, the cheese was fresh and it had a good taste overall, but compared to the ones we make at home it wasn't bad.  The club was great, it had a smoky taste to it that I really liked.  My girlfriend had the Italian which was amazing.  Great blend of flavors and it was exactly what she was looking for.  . . We were hoping to make it back again over the weekend to try some more of the menu items but were unable to do so.  We'll definitely stop back by the next time we are in town.
Soup - 5 stars (woo-hoo!). Salad - 4 stars (yay!). Sammnich - 3 stars (ok...). . Located in planet hollywood, just on the outskirts of the miracle mile shop, this place was poppin!  I mean, at a couple separate times, the line wrapped around the eatery.  However, the line does move quickly, but not quick enough for me to lose $10 on the Batman: Dark Knight  slots machines (crap!).  The first day, I was too hung over to eat anything filling so I opted for the cobb salad.  A decent portion size, all of the ingredients tasted fresh.  Although the chicken was moist and lightly seasoned, I kinda wished there was less chickenand more lettuce.  There was enough for me to bring a bit back to the hotel room and snack on it later.... . The next day, I was in search for more food, specifically soup, and found my way back to Earl.  I saw a picture of the holiday sandwich while waiting in line and thought, "Hey, I like turkey, gravy, and stuffing, why not?"  I ordered the holiday sandwich and broccoli and cheddar soup to satisfy my inner fat kid.  Ah, soup...  I'm a soup junkie.  When my boyfriend is sick, I think of chicken noodle soup and end up eating it all myself.  The soup at Earl's was very tasty.  The soup was nice and thick with lots of melted cheddar and the broccoli was nice and soft and melt in your mouth style.  The only downside was the portion size is too small, but what do you expect for $2.99?  Now the sandwich...  I don't know, maybe I had higher expectations of thanksgiving dinner to go, but I was thoroughly disappointed.  1. they forgot my cranberries, 2. definitely not enough gravy, no no cranberries and small amount of gravy equals dry sammnich , and 3. the meat was uber salty!  As you can see, everything led to a dry, salty sandwich which did not go so well for someone who is already dehydrated from binge drinking the night before.  I managed to get half the sandwich down and all the soup, but it proved futile when I literally vomited to food back up in the hotel room, literally 15 minutes later.  (yayy cause there goes all the calories I just ingested, and no I don't have an eating disorder).  That being said, I still ate the other half of the sandwich the next morning :)  I'm pretty sure I'll still go back on future
Decent sandwiches.
Researchers at Northwestern University conducted a study in mice linking late night eating to weight gain.  I, on the other hand, conducted a study of my own that found in a sample size of 3, following significant consumption of alcohol, there was a 100% chance that consuming a sandwich from E of S after 3AM would be astronomically delicious.  . . Located just inside the entrance of Planet Hollywood facing the strip, this is the ideal place to grab a late night snack if your wallet is thin from a cooler at the casino tables ($5.99) or you're too incoherent to sit down and order from a server or drive off the strip.  From the name, it's pretty obvious that the sandwiches are the star.  My first trip we ordered the Holiday Turkey and the Carribean Jerk sandwich and the sandwiches are all wrapped in foil and shaped like gold bars.  The first thing you will notice upon taking the first bite is the amazing panini-like crunch from the exterior of the bread followed by the chewy, gooey, and occasionally crispy components within.    The Holiday Turkey pretty much tasted like Thanksgiving dinner between two amazing pieces of bread and the Carribean Jerk sandwich, albeit tasty, didn't necessarily remind me of the islands since I was expecting less mayo and more spice.  The remaining sandwiches all looked really solid, especially the Roast Beef, the Club sandwich, and the Full Montague.   . . Somewhere along the hallways of the pantheon of great sandwiches, the Earl himself is giving hisseal of approval.
Awesome sandwiches, but you pay the price for them.  Its expensive for sandwiches but hey, its Vegas right?  Every time we're in town, I always find myself here at least once.  Everything is good, so try them all!
Montagu sandwich. Roast beef and turkey Yummy!  . Tomato soup was awesome! . . definitely will come back here to try more bites when I'm in Vegas next!
If you are anywhere near the planet Hollywood forum shops then you should stop by and get a sandwich from here!!! They are excellent!!! and for about 5 bucks you really cant go wrong with any of them!
I had the original 1762 and it was delicious.  I pretty much inhaled the thing along with a yummy tomato soup.  Don't worry if you see a long line because it moves fairly quickly.  I wish they offered a horseradish cream with more kick.
I'm not sure what the hype is about, or maybe I just ordered the wrong sandwich. I am not quite sure this place is worth a 30 min. wait, but I can see how this is the perfect place for a late night after drinks snack.. . I ordered the meatball sandwich whereas many others recommended the tuna melt. I wasn't feeling the tuna anyway. What I loved about the place is the toasted bread. The bread was light and fluffy and it came with a nice crust from the toasting. The meatballs were decent although probably not the best I've ever had. The marinara was a little on the sweeter side and it could probably use a dash of fresh herbs to spruce it up. . . Overall, not bad and I would go back. The seating situation sucks so I would go during offpeak hours.
I wish I could give 4.5 stars. The only thing holding back is atmosphere - this place is in a mall with smokey gambling pits nearby.  That being said, the food was, although simple sandwich fare, pretty darn tasty for fast food.  I ordered the original 1762 sandwich - roast beef, sharp cheddar & creamy horseradish. Beef was very thinly sliced and seemed of quite nice quality and the artisan bread was good, with plenty of horseradish sauce that was just perfectly spicy.
in our 4 days here, we went here like 3 times that i am aware of.  prices aren't too bad at $5.99 a sandwich and they taste really good.  not super packed but they hit the spot.  i wish they were stuffed a little bit more, but they are still very good for the price in my opinion.  the bread makes the sandwich as it is toasted and very good, almost like really good mexican torta bread.  i had the caprese, full montagu, and the italian.  i would highly recommend either of them and i can't really say any was better than the other because they were all different and delicious.  i think it helped with the italian that we had some salad in our room and i threw that onto the sandwich while we were in the room as it made it a little more beefy and added some more flavor.  place is open 24 hours i think, but i am sure it is open at late hours as we stopped here after partying at the marquee all night so it was probably like 3 or 4 in the morning and they were still open.. . eitherway, when i am back at PH next month for my stay, ill probalby be here at least once
Don't let the long line fool you! They have the sandwich assembly line down to perfection. They move pretty quickly and your food will come out in no time. The sandwiches here are cheap, the perfect size, and most importantly, really yummy! Aaaand they're open 24 hours for your late night cravings/drunchies!. . I tried the Full Montagu and the Holiday Turkey. I must say, the Holiday Turkey is quite possibly one of the best sandwiches ever! It truly is Thanksgiving in a sandwich, made with turkey, stuffing, and cranberry sauce. YUMM! The cranberry sauce wasn't too sweet like I had expected it to be. It was just perfect and balanced out the saltiness of the turkey. The Full Montagu was good but definitely nothing to write home about. I love how they lightly toast the bread also. . . This place is definitely a must when in Vegas! ): I miss it already!
YUM YUM YUM YUM!!!!!  . . This is one of the best sandwich place ever because everything tastes so fresh and great!  I love the fact that they have something for everyone here and what makes it so awesome is that it's cheap compared to all the other places around the Strip.  . . The last time I went I had to wait for an hour to get my sandwich because of the long lines.  However, my friends and I went around 2-3 pm on a Saturday this past weekend and we got our food fairly quickly.  . . I had originally asked for the Tomato soup to go with my sandwich, but they gave me loaded potato instead.  I love soups and the loaded potato soup was really good, not too creamy, and it had this comfort feeling when I was devouring it.  Since this was my second time, I had the Montague again, it just hits the spot when you're hungry.  . . Love Earl of Sandwich!!!
Expect long lines!! But it's definitely worth the wait and considering how cheap the prices are. You can't go wrong with Earl of Sandwich!!. . I ordered the OG sandwich! Yeeee. freshly roasted beef, cheddar cheese & creamy horseradish sauce. It was a perfect combination. The horseradish went well with errythangg. . . My bf ordered the montagu sandwich which consisted of the whole shebang--freshly roasted beef, turkey, swiss cheese & cheddar cheese, lettuce, roma tomatoes & the Earl's mustard sauce. I think this was a little too heavy and too much for my appetite.. . I was eye-ing on the turkey holiday sandwich but it seemed way too heavy for me. Next time fo'sho! . . We also ordered their loaded potato soup which was very yummy! =). . I give this place 4.5/5. Dock of 1/2 a point for the wait =P But it's quick once you get to the front of the line and order your food. . . P.s. soda tasted sooo good with my meal. or maybe 'cause I was a tad bit hungover and was hella thirsty.. . Go check out this place when you're in vega$ =)
Went with the Original and the Caribbean jerk.  Listen to the Yelpers on this one.  Go with the Original and you should not be disappointed.  This place is great for two reasons.  It is open 24 hours a day, and it is super affordable.  $6 a sandwich is amazing for vegas.  The original is a roast beef sandwich, which had a hint of cracked pepper.  It was bomber.  the horseradish sauce was very pleasant as well.  The Jerk was not that great, good, but not great.  Go with the Original and you should be a happy camper.
Delicious sandwiches, I've gotten the Earl's Club before and the Holiday sandwich.  Loved them both.  I'm a fan of hot sandwiches so maybe that's why I like Earl's so much.  And the sandwiches are a decent price too.  Every time I go to Vegas, I gotta make a stop at Earl of Sandwich.
Not too shabby! The sandwiches are pretty well priced as well. . . Solid 3.5 stars. . Hmm, what to order? Why not check with my friends on Yelp?!  . . Yelpers recommended the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and I was not disappointed.. . Earl of Sandwich definitely knows how to handle the crowd. There was about 15 people in line and by the time I got to the front to order my sandwich, it took about 3 minutes to get to the cashier, and when I was finished paying, my sandwich was ready!!!. . Amazing!!! . . The Caribbean Jerk Chicken tasted like a pizza, but the bread was absolutely delicious!!!  . . I also ordered a side of cole slaw and it was disgusting! Not good at all!! I highly recommend not picking that up as you make your way to the cashier.
Earl's = Vegas. It's as simple as that. A visit to Vegas wouldn't be complete without stopping into Earl's!. . Quality food at such an awesome price, it appeals to EVERYONE in Vegas. On my last visit, I split the "Original" sandwich w/ my BF which consisted of Roast Beef, Cheddar & Horseradish sauce. Hot, filling and it hit the spot! The bread is the best part. Their potato salad is pretty good too. The fact that Earl's is open 24 hours a day is a major major plus. . . I love Earl's for being in Vegas, but I still can't deem it as being the "best sandwich" I've ever had. That title can only go to Ike's in SF and I can't help but compare! Anyways, a visit to Earl's is an experience. If you're looking for a cheap meal during your Vegas trip, this is the place to be.
I've only eaten here for breakfast but they have wonderful, fresh breakfast sandwiches for $3.99.  Service is fast and friendly.  Fountain soda so free refills while you are in the "restaurant".  It is order at the counter service then you are given a pager that lights up when your food is ready for pick-up (less than 5 minutes).
The history of the sandwich goes way back, and while the fourth Earl of Sandwich did not actually invent the sandwich, he is credited with coining the term.  People supposedly used to ask for "the same as Sandwich," and over time, the phrase was inevitably shortened to sandwich (and sammie). . . My friend in LA told me about Earl of Sandwich in PH the day before I left for Vegas, saying she had wanted to check it out but didn't have the time to do so.  When we arrived late in the evening, I was pleased to see that the joint was under half a mile from our hotel (the Flamingo).  . . Despite the late hour, there were still a fair number of people waiting around for sammies.  I was so happy to see that the shop stays open till 3 AM; it was a monday, too!  Everything sounded great, but I ended up with the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich: http://i92.photobucket.com/albums/l18/AyJee/IMG_6945.jpg. . And a bowl of WIsconsin Cheddar soup :) . . My sandwich had chicken, sweet BBQ sauce, and pineapple inside. Derricious. Nice, chewy bread... warm chicken, sweet pineapple... It's nothing fancy, and definitely nowhere near as big as a Subway footlong, but my expectations were met, and I left satisfied. :) Not bad for a relatively inexpensive meal in Vegas. . . Also, the soup was a bit too salty, but I'm sure most people would like it.
It's hard to believe that I unknowingly ate here roughly three years ago, only to find out it has become an Icon within Planet Hollywood.  I'm not sure of a Sandwich place in Vegas that has more review than Earl... it is just that damn popular.  I came back here with our group for lunch and got a the Earl Club, from what I remember the first time I went it was basically the same.  Not the insanely best sandwich I've ever had but very good compared to any other run of the mill Vegas sammy.  Friend grabbed a Gatorade too before our epic day partying began, which seemed to trickle down to most of the group.  . . Luckily we snagged a table large enough to fit our group and began the pre-partying right there.  Stayed a good while here, getting to know one another, and swapping those delicious sandwiches around.  One strange thing is that the sandwiches seem to turn out slightly smaller than you might think they'd be... damn pictures!  I remember someone in our group ordering two, haha.  I think this place might be one of the sole reasons to visit Planet Hollywood... other than the shopping?  Still I can't believe how popular this place has become since I last ate here.
$5.99 for the sandwich of alcoholic stability...Yeah I said it. . . Get either a Tuna Melt or Turkey Dinner sandwich to cure that hangover.... . One of the guys in my group suggested we bring the "ORANGE SAUCE" from LaVics for the sandwiches. So I'll update that when it happens. . . See you next time.
With over 1500 reviews (mostly 5 star), this is no longer a secret.   When you come here, there will certainly be a long line, but it moves fairly quickly.  The reason is simple:  this is a solid lunch or after-club option for cheap eats.   Their sandwiches are about $7, their hot sandwiches are very flavorful, and their meats are great.  . . Their full montague is their most popular sandwich.  I've also tried their carribean jerk, which has a mild spice to it.  This visit, I tried their seasonal turkey sandwich, which had stuffing and cranberry sauce.  The turkey was moist and it was just a well made sandwich.. . These are flavor-packed sandwiches and a solid option for cheap eats in the middle of the strip.  If you're looking for other cheap eats on the strip, I'd recommend that you venture to the "Secret Pizza" place in Cosmopolitan, to Chipotle by Harrah's, and to the food court at Excalibur (where you can find Quiznos, McD, Pizza Hut, Krispy Kreme, and Baja Fresh sans markup).  On the other side of town, then you could go to Circus Circus, Tacos El Gordo, or the Fashion Show Mall for budget eats.  (Downtown is a different story altogether), . . However....in looking at this list....Earl of Sandwich, Tacos El Gordo, and the Secret Pizza place are clear standouts and you should consider checking them out if you're looking to seek great food options under $10.
Very solid sandwich offerings. $5.99 for an 8" sandwich is probably the best deal you can get for something of this quality and caliber on the Strip. True, there was a long line just to get your order in, but they're like Portos Bakery - huge line, but fast turnover. Not 3 minutes after I placed my order, I got my sandwich.. . My buddy and I split a Jamaican Jerk and a Thanksgiving Turkey sandwich. The bread is pretty ridiculously good. It's toasted and crispy on the outer layer, while soft and cushy in the middle.. like pillows for my teeth and tongue to enjoy. . . The Jamaican Jerk had a slight sourness to it with the peppercinnis, but was very flavorful [especially with the bacon]. The Turkey sandwich had stuffing, cranberry sauce, and turkey. I wish this sandwich were piping hot, because that would have propelled this to a perfect sandwich. Alas, it was not piping hot, and alas, it is not a perfect sandwich. But a pretty darned good one still.. . Make sure you have someone in your party sit down and reserve a table while you go and stand in line to order. We did that and was guaranteed seating.. . The perk of this place being open 24/7 is quite amazeballs. A quality and substantial offering at all hours of the day can't really be topped. They don't go buckwild crazy and stuff your sandwich to the max, but they certainly aren't shy with how much they give you either. It's a very well packed sandwich that gives you just the right amount of everything for you to enjoy to the max.. . I will definitely visit Earl of Sandwich every time I visit Vegas. Definitely worth the visit.
3 things I love about this place:. . 1) It's cheap enough to grab a delicious sandwich (way better tasting than a Potbelly's sandwich, and it's definitely under the $8 mark for one). .  2) open 24/7 (best after a long sit at the poker tables and you need a break and food).. . 3) it will spoil you to not eat at a Subway, Potbelly's or Quiznos. While the sandwiches aren't HUGE like a Jersey's Mikes sub shop, but hey, it's a SANDWICH, not some 24" long mayo-and-bacon loaded heart attack on white.  I would definitely hit this place up if I'm walking along Planet Hollywood casinos or Bally's. . . The only thing that would prevent me of giving me the fifth star is the limited amount of locations, especially if it's supposed to be a chain or franchised place.. who ISN'T building one of these near by on the east coast?
Gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 only because i thought the sandwiches would have more things in it. I ordered the italian sandwich, but also got a chance to try The Full Montague. I enjoyed it,but i felt like they could have put more inside of the sandwich. The wait was kinda long for this place (Only because we went during lunch time), but it was worth it. . A bit too much hype for this place, but it is good haha.
The best, cheapest meal on the Strip.  A quick little sandwich place inside the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood.  And open 24 hours!. . The TOMATO SOUP was pretty bomb, and also had the CARIBBEAN JERK CHICKEN and EARL'S CLUB.. . The sandwiches are warm and tasty, and come in pretty big portions.  Bring an appetite!
I was in town to run the half-marathon, and heard about this place. Unfortunately it is in a mall, that is also unfortunately in a planet hollywood, which is also unfortunately in Las Vegas.  I assume this is a chain? I hope to encounter it elsewhere (I really don't like Las Vegas, if you couldn't tell). . . The line moves surprisingly fast, so don't feel threatened when you first encounter it. Sandwiches are great.. . Confused as to why places like Subway still thrive?
I would say this place is overhyped, but no joke, everything that we ordered here was just as delicious as everyone said it was! . . I tried their vegetarian sandwich, along with their broccoli cheese soup, grabbed their brownie bites and all was fantastic! . . I actually tried the Tomato soup and it was to me wayyy better than the broccoli cheese. The tomato soup came with bits bread inside and it made it all the more tastier!
Las Vegas is known for their Buffets... we usually have buffet during Lunch only. At dinner, we usually opt for lighter meals. So we just wanted to have sandwich.. . We where excited to try this place because it was highly recommended by my closest friend and the Yelp reviews are great.. . I was NOT disappointed. I love the BREAD they use for their hot sandwiches! . . First , we tried  the classic" Original 1762" which is roast beef sandwich and the "Canon Balls" which is  meat balls. Both are  Perfect!. . I had the chicken soup , it was a very cold night... you can pass on the soup. It's bland.. . Next day, we tried the Montague , which is good , had roast beef & turkey and the Hawaiian sandwich ...I did not care for.. . We will be back when we go back to Vegas.... I will definitely order the Orginal 1762.
Super  yummy sandwich for cheap!  Salads are not as good...stick to what they are famous for!
BOMB SANDWICHES. Another pro is the efficiency of ordering, grabbing what you want, then paying--similar to a cafeteria but upgraded because the sandwiches are just so damn good. The actual content of the sandwiches is nothing innovating, but the bread is really delicious. The perfect combination of crispy and bready-ness without being overpowering over the entire sandwich as a whole. Really filling especially for the price. I've tried the original and the All American and both were delicous. I've also tried their desserts and definitely think it's worth the extra $2 if you have a sweet tooth post-sandwich. Overall, I give Earl of Sandwiches a 4 for being delicious and also inexpensive. The only downside is it is located on the Strip within Planet Hollywood and that can be annoying to get to if you're a local (which I am). Still delicious though :).
Their sandwiches are so good!. . It's so convenient that they're opened 24 hours. We came here after midnight and there was still a quite a long line and a lot of the tables were taken.. . The bread they use is nice and crispy.. . My recommendation:. - The Original: I usually don't like horseradish, but surprisingly I really enjoyed it in this sandwich. Yum.. . I will definitely return and update my review with more recommendations once I try more of their sandwiches!
For the price ($5.99) this was a great sandwich.  The line was long but it moved pretty fast. I split the full montagu and Caribbean jerk chicken with my friend. The montagu was a solid sandwich but it was something I canput together. The one thing that I don't have is the mustard. Earl's mustard was sweet and tangy and delicious. If I based my review just on the montagu I would give it a three star but since I had the jerk chicken I'm giving this place a four star. The jerk chicken was really good. I love food with bold flavors. Loved the spiciness from jerk sauce and the peppers. Would love to go back to try more.
I was so excited to find this Earl...the only ones I had been to were in Florida, now every trip to Vegas involves a stop here. The sandwiches are sooooo good!
Excellent sandwich place especially for the price! Everything in Vegas is so so so expensive, but this place is perfect for a quick lunch. Although the line may seem long, Earl of Sandwich works quickly. . . The Full Montagu is a solid sandwich. Crispy and warm bread, melted cheese, delicious tasting beef and turkey, great way to start out the day.
Why do I always end up here every time I am in Vegas... I guess it must be that good for all my friends to want to eat here. This place has tons of sandwich selections and even though it can get busy, you still get your food very quickly. I always get their Caribbean Jerk sandwich. Soo yummy! Definitely will be back I'm sure of it.
The hype this place gets is a little excessive but it pretty much lives up to it. While I wasn't fully blown away by the two sandwiches I tried (I ordered The Original and my gf got the Full Montague), they were still great sandwiches. I blame it on the fact that I  was eating them stone cold sober and not at 3am after a night of sweaty gyrating and fist pumping on the dance floor. . . Price-wise this is as good as it gets on The Strip. It was about $6 for a 6 in. sandwich - very worth it. Also, open 24 hrs so come one come all at all hours of the day or night. . . Menu is fairly extensive with soups, salads, and desserts as well so you have a great many option to choose from in your drunken stupor. . . Definitely make a stop here on your next trip :-)
// LOCATION // Inside Planet Hollywood on the main casino. Open 24 Hours a day = the best drunk food money can buy after stumbling out of a club.. . // HOW TO //.      -Figure out what type of sandwich you want.      -Order at the first counter and hold on to your receipt and buzzer.      -Grab goodies in line: beverages, side salads, and sweets.      -Pay at the other end for your sandwich (thus hang on to your receipt!) and all the goodies you got.      -Find a seat and when your buzzer goes off, go claim your sandwich in all of its gold foil glory.. . // FOOD // I'm a carb monster, and the freshly baked and toasted bread is really what makes these sandwiches so special. . .      + Full Montague: The ultimate sandwich with roast beef, turkey, cheese, lettuce, and tomatoes. It is a savory, well-rounded, and tasty sandwich, albiet, slightly on the salty side. .      + Caprese: For non-carnivores. Thick slices of soft mozzarella with a generous drizzle of balsamic and freshly cut basil. It is refreshing and delish.
Definitely the best roasted beef sandwiches I have ever had. This place is super crowded. I stayed in planet hollywood during my Xmas weekend. Whenever I passed by it had a long line. So have someone grab the table while u are getting in line. Expect to wait at least 15 mins to order or get the food.
Late flight + 4.5 star rating place to eat at our hotel = perfect place to grab a late bite!. . My friends and I went to Earl of Sandwich around midnight and man was there a line! Gave us indecisives some time to decide what we wanted to get and I ended up going with "Cannonballs!" The exclamation point really called out to me! . . After about 10 minutes, our sandwiches were ready and man, after one bite, could I  understand where that exclamation point came from! The meatballs were delicious and they were sliced in half so twas easy to eat. Their marinara sauce perfectly complemented the meatballs and the bread was nice and toasty. . . Definitely come by here if you've got the munchies whether while gambling or after a long night out. There's bound to be something that'll catch your eye!
One of the best sandwich shops out there. Completely blows Subway and Quiznos out of the water in terms of the taste, quality, and freshness of the protein and veggies in addition to sandwich flavors. Additionally the bread is near artisinal, a sort of ciabatta-white bread fusion where the crust is crisp and the crumb pleasantly pliable. At $6 a sandwich, although they're around six inches, each sandwich is much heartier than the typical 6-inch at subway or quiznos. Around two sandwiches is perfect for a meal, albeit one will suffice for some. Even though the price comes out relatively pricey per meal, this sandwich joint is certainly worth a try, especially since it is open 24-hours. . . Gladly ate here with friends for breakfast, lunch, as well as dinner as an alternative to the buffets in vegas, I would prefer six of these sandwiches over the $35/person buffet at the Wicked Spoon or other Vegas buffets. The Holiday Turkey Sandwich is a must-have along with The Original and Full Montagu. If only Earl expanded to CA.
Tasty sandwiches - Caribbean jerk chicken and Hawaiian were pretty good
I hear there's always a long line here - thank goodness when we went there wasn't!. . Affordable: Sandwiches are $5.99. Open: 24/7. Service: very streamlined so it keeps everything going... FRESH FRESH FRESH!  Sandwiches are made to order = Awesome!. . tried the Hawaiian BBQ (w/grilled chicken), the Earls Club (BLT Turkey and cheese) sandwiches.. (both $5.99/each).   The Hawaiian BBQ was good, but it had a lot of sauce and not enough chicken.  I don't eat red meat though so my options were limited.  I do love The bread is the same for all sandwiches, and I'd say it's the best part!. . Funny that there's 'entertainment tax' on your receipt.. its about 10% of your order!  Wow, talk about self-tipping!. . I wouldn't wait in a long line though - unless you're a starving college student partying on a budget  ;)
This place is pretty good.  Convenient and great hours.  Although I greatly prefer rice over a sandwich 95% of the time, this place was pretty good.  Nice location at the edge of the PH Casino and shops.  The food came out very fast and fresh.  Great place for a quick bite with reasonable prices.
Melt in your mouth warm sandwiches. The service is fast and efficient. If you're at vegas and had a tired night on the club trek, wake up and go to Earl of Sandwich. They don't disappoint. It's almost orgasmic.. . I recommend the Earl club and a bag of chips! Simple and tasty!
Went back twice. In three days.. Open 24 hours so never a bad time to grab a bite.. There is usually a pretty long line during meal times but it moves fast and is well worth the wait.  Bread is amazing.  Toasty and crunchy on the outside while remaining soft and moist on the inside. Drool.. . The Original 1762:. Earl's take on a classic roast beef sandwich.  Pretty good but be prepared for the slight horseradish kick.. . The Full Montagu:. Deli sandwich with roast beef, turkey, swiss and cheddar.  Delicious, my current favorite.
After all the heavy fancy food in Vegas, you might wanna try something delicious but light.  The price is pretty reasonable. The food quality is pretty high.  I would visit them again when i visit Vegas next time ;)
They got me at freshly baked bread & open 24 hours. ONLY GET THE SANDWICHES and NOT THE WRAPS! Like I said, the bread was good, so stick to a sandwich! We went here twice during our weekend trip. We really liked the ham & swiss sandwich. The meatball sandwich was good. The wrap was not so good. The filling was okay, but the wrap itself was not.
Best sandwich place within 300 miles of Los Angeles.. after that Ike's takes over!!
Where do I start....this place is awesome. Every time I am in Vegas now I make sure to make at least 1 pit stop at The Earl. You also can't beat the prices at roughly $6-$7 for a quality sandwich. The bread here is what really sets them apart as well as it is always fresh and gets even better when they toast it. This review is for multiple visits and a few of the sandwiches.. . -Carribean Jerk: Great sando, the banana peppers make this sandwich with the extra kick.. . - Italian: I love italian sandwiches and this one was good but not one of my favorites, still solid though. Think I prefer an italian sando cold versus hot.. . - The Original: Can't beat it. Great horseradish sauce , quality roast beef and sharp cheddar. Win. . - Hawaiian BBQ: Fairly standard Hawaiian BBQ sandwich. Tasty but not as good as the original or the jerk.
The boyfriend and I were in Vegas this past weekend and this was the first place everyone wanted to go for a fast lunch since we were staying at Planet Hollywood. I'm definitely a fan! I got the tuna sandwich (but wish I got the jerk chicken! Should have read the yelp reviews first, darn it!) The tuna sandwich was super yummy. I bought the boyfriend a Thanksgiving sandwich, with the recommendation of a friend, who said it was "Thanksgiving in your mouth." Unfortunately, the boyfriend didn't like cranberry in his sandwich so he thought this place was just okay. Everyone else love loved it though; one of our friends wanted to eat it for every meal! The service was FAST and the sandwiches areCHEAP, so I would definitely recommend this place. Even if you're sober and in Vegas, this is really tasty! It was pretty crowded, even though we went in the afternoon (after lunch rush). I would recommend this for anyone who's in Vegas looking for a good meal!
Ended up here after a night of your typical Vegas shenanigans.  This place ended up being so good, we came here twice!!  The first time I had an Italian, second time a Tuna Melt.  Loved them both.  The line was long, but moved pretty quickly.  Overall, good stuff!
reallllllllllllly good sandwiches!. . faves are definitely the carribean jerk (bf gets this EVERY SINGLE TIME.). full montagu is good too... so is the club. mmmm. . this is the kind of place that makes you want to try EVERYTHING on their menu, because every personal xperience has been a good one.. and every verdict has been too... . and for $5.95??? what is not to love?. . although i have to admit, the full montagu has been inconsistent with me.. the first time, i loved it.. the second time, i loved it.. the third time.. not so much... . or maybe i just had it one too many times :x. . oh! try their soups too, yummy... . earl's is DEFINITELY a good place for a quick, more than satisfying bite !
They make a good sandwich and when you need something late at night this should be your go to place. Open 24 hours, fast service and good food. I had the Holiday special, basically thanksgiving on a bun and it was amazing. I wish we had one of these at home, but for now a Vegas treat.
(+). - Full Montagu. - cheap. . (~). - Earls Club. . Came here on a Friday around 11:30am-12pm, only one person in line in front of us. Thank god we beat the lunch rush case when we finished eating the line was looong.. . I got the Earls Club and my friend got the Full Montague. The Earls club was just your typical sandwich, the ingredients inside didnt blow my mind and I'd probably choose Togo's turkey avocado sandwich over this one. The Full Montague was better, it was meatier and had a more flavorful sauce. I felt the warm and yummy bread for the sandwiches was more standout than the contents. My total came out to be around 6.50.. . Though I've had better sandwiches in the past, this one is a great option for a cheap place to eat on the strip (located inside planet hollywood).
Wasn't drunk andstill thought that the sandwiches were awesome.  Great bread!
Love this place! . . Where else can you get great quality sandwiches IN VEGAS for about 6 bucks! The bun is toasted to perfection and the size is just right.. . I personally LOVE the original (roast beef and cheese) but I have to admit the "holiday special w/ turkey stuffing" (I think it's called) wasn't good at all.
3.5 stars. . I ordered the Full Montagu. The first half of the sandwich was good.  But after eating half of it, I got pretty sick of it and it felt really heavy. I ended up just throwing away the second half of the sandwich. It's good, but not THAT good. Lines were pretty long, but moved quicklyso the wait wasn't too bad.
Earl (url) . 1. A British nobleman next in rank above a viscount and below a marquis, corresponding to a count in continental Europe.. 2. Abbr. E. Used as a title for such a nobleman.. . Ok... I was just curious to know what the heck an Earl is. The more you know.. . After all the positive reviews and word of mouth. I finally had a chance to try this place out. Not once, but twice in one day! Both times there was hardly a line... luck of the draw i guess. First order, i had to get one of the Signature Sandwiches and it didn't disappoint. I had The Earl's Club and it was really tasty. Fresh bread with fresh ingredients. How can you go wrong?. . Second stop I decided to go crazy and try a salad wrap... eh. Not a fan of them. The salad/ingredients were good but as a wrap it wasn't too impressive. Wrap overall was a bit on the dry side. Would probably be better to keep them as a salad. . . - 24hours. - expect long lines (even though I haven't experienced it yet). - friendly quick service. . Can't wait to try more!
I first tried Earl back earlier in the year on my friend's bachelor party. After a long night of "bachelor party-ing it" around the strip, we hit Earl for some late night food. Let me tell you...what a gem. With that group, we made it our go-to place for inexpensive food (sandwiches are $7-ish) on the strip, stopping in 3-4 times. I had several of the sandwiches, and all were as good or better than most other sandwich shops out there. . On my last trip to the strip, we stopped in again, and made fun of ourselves for it. It'salways busy, no matter what time you go, literally. I guess that says something, with quality and price in Vegas. Check it out, whether looking for an inexpensive meal or for that late night visit after an all-night bar/hotel hopping extravaganza-in-need-of-something-edible-and-cheap-before-you-crash-out.
another solid spot to hit while in vegas.  great sandwiches for cheap.  massive lines form for this place in waves so stop in frequently.. . the original roast beef with horseradish mayo is bomb.  The jerk chicken is great.  Shockingly, i also enjoyed the vegetarian sandwich.. . oh yeah.  be like me and do some damage on that bottle of dijon mustard at your table.  lol.
A great place for a first meal of the hung-over day. Affordable, good variety, and quick service despite the long lines. Made me feel better despite the left over nausea.
The past 2 times I have visited Vegas, I have found my way back to Earl's.. . The pro is that it is open 24 hours!! You gotta love places that accommodate the late night partiers, the gamblers, and the night owls!. . You will find Earl's as you enter Planet Hollywood from the strip entrance.  Be prepared for the line as it is ALWAYS busy, but the staff members keep the line moving efficiently so you'll get your sandwich in no time!. . Sandwich prices are around $5ish - $8 ish so it is affordable if you have lost all of your money gambling :). . However, best sandwich I've ever had?  Not quite...but I like that the sandwiches come out hot and it does the job for a quick bite to eat.. . I'll probably find my way back here again the next time I'm in Vegas :)
It's my go to place for some quick food on the strip after a night out. I've eaten here sober, during the day too. My favorite sandwich is the Original 1762. It's a simple sandwich that does the job. Toasted bread, roast beef, melted cheddar, and horseradish sauce makes me a pretty happy person. It's not the best sandwich I've ever eaten. But for it's location on the strip, being open 24 hours, and the price for a pretty decent sandwich, I'm a fan.
Hot sandwiches. Good at any time of the day. $6. Vegas. Good food, good price. Can't go wrong there!. . They always make such bombs sandwiches, even with such a large demand for it. Their speed to make sandwiches doesn't sacrifice the quality of the sandwiches. Always a good deal.. . The full montague and cannonballs! are my go-to sandwiches. Full and filling. Also, don't miss out of the soup! I love soup, and their chicken noodle is usually a great complement to my sandwich. . . I never leave Vegas without Earl's, for good reason.
Ohhh...I could just eat Earl's bread by itself for days....warm, soft, thick and carbo-licious! The stuff in the middle of the sandwich was just the cherry on top. =). . I shared the sandwiches family style with my friends and we tried the the Original, the Full Montague and the All American. I chose the All American because love cranberry with turkey. So delish! The seasonal special was a another turkey sandwich with cranberries and the fixin's. I was tempted to try that too! . . All the sandwiches were delicious and stuffed to the brim with meat and veggies. I'm  not sure which one I liked the best, but I found that the Full Montague and the All American tasted similar. The original had a stronger taste to it due to the horse radish sauce. I totally could have just ate half of a sandwich and been full. The portion size is good. For about $5.99 per sandwich it's a great deal! The lined moved super fast and the sandwiches came out super fast too. They have their system totally down. . . Just one thing to note, make sure that you check your recipe after you order and make sure it's what you really want. We originally ordered The Club, but the guy at the register put down the Full Montague on our receipt and we were unwrapping our sandwich when we noticed the mix up. . . Good CHEAP eat in Vegas! You don't see much of these so enjoy!
I came here for the first time earlier tonight after a long day of rehearsals.  (Yeah, it's taken me *this* long to check this place out!)  I was sober and very hungry and thus, enjoyed my Hawaiian sandwich very very much.  I thought that: . . 1) there was a lotof ham and chicken in my sandwich. 2) the bread had that 'just baked' feel - crispy/crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. 3) the sauce was tangy and oh-so-good!. . I felt like I ate a Hawaiian pizza!  YUM.  I also thought my accompanying chocolate chip cookie was delicious.  (I bought a country apple muffin for my hubby and he *just* devoured it, pronouncing the muffin as "hey, that was really good!."). . One of the more affordable options on the Strip and dang, why is there only one location in Vegas, let alone NV?  If you're ever around Planet Hollywood and want a cheapish bite, visit EoS!
Solid sammies, great desserts...not a HUGE selection but its plenty. The service has been great the times I've been there and they're usually pretty fast getting your food to you. However, one of the times I went was around the lunch hour and we felt it; waited about 20mins til our buzzer buzzed signaling sammy amazingness!
These can't be sandwiches!! It's preposterous how delicious they are. And when you're in need of something to munch on at 4am, Earl's got your back. For my three day stay in Vegas, I've eaten here three times (all these times, sober). I tried the club sandwich, the carribean jerk, and the tomato soup. I can't deny bacon in anything, so the club sandwich was definitely a win. The carribean jerk sandwich had an amazing spread to it, packed a powerful kick with some tender loving. I've named the carribean jerk sandwich my favorite of all time. The tomato soup is topped with freshly baked croutons and is the right amount of creamy. I'd say the soup itself is filling for a light lunch. . . Cheap, fresh, delicious.
So some of my friends told me we had to try this place out when we went to Vegas... I didn't quite understand why we drove from LA to Vegas to try out a "Sandwich Shop"... until I actually GOT THERE, saw the damn place, tried the food, and realized it was a "Sandwich SHOPPE". Yes, those last two letters, "P" and "E" are what made all the difference! . . We are not talking about some poorly copied Subway knockoff, we are talking about a quaint little store, filled with personality, AND filled to the brim with people enjoying their customized, fresh, made in front of you sandwiches. Think a slightly more expensive version of Subway, but with a lot more class.. . The bread was pretty damn fresh, I think I could have had mine a slight bit more "toasted" on the inside, but you could seriously taste the freshness and the yumminess in it! And the goodies that went inside? Oh my, pretty darn good. Not thrilled with the "All American", I felt that their turkey was a little on the dry side, but then again, turkey is a very hard animal to cook and keep moist. Loved the fact that each sandwich had a good chunk of "goodies" inside (my friends and I ordered three different types, and split among ourselves), and I also loved the fact that it was easy for us to cut it in even pieces to share.. . A little expensive for my college student budget, but I don't mind splurging once in a while for good food... I'm always down to try new food to Yelp. Yes, Yelp, I dedicate my foodie adventures to you. Overall, I felt that the food was a 3.5, but I'm rounding up cause I greatly enjoyed being able to share this meal with many good friends, family style.
Staying at PH, this was the place to go. I rarely give out 5-stars but honestly, it bedazzles me that a 24-hour place can also have high quality (where I'm from in SD, quality of food usually isn't found in 24-hour places).. . Bread is very fresh (toasted to a perfect amount, not too much, slightly crunchy but not really with soft parts). I got the albacore tuna which tasted amazing, and although usually not a fan of cheese, their swiss cheese somehow managed to satisfy me. I definitely recommend this one. I also tried all my friends' such as the original, all American, and meatball. All of them were so unique but tasty in a very different way. Out of the many times I came here, I was having a hard time ordering towards the end because I enjoyed everything.. . Not only that, it's cheaper than the usual sandwich joins (subway). This is the obvious place to stop if you're craving food in Vegas late at night (or whenever really). Line can get pretty long at times but it is seriously worth the wait. I don't blame them for being so popular. . . Why can't we have this kind of place everywhere??
We ate here three times in one day.  Enough said.  Oh and their tomato soup is the best.
My favorite part about Earl's? Freshly baked bread for sandwiches! It's so light & crispy! x__x So far my favorite is the Full Montagu ^__^ Roast beef, turkey, lettuce, tomato, mustard, all so yummy! I feel like it's one of those places where you have to try at least once when you're in Vegas.
After a long night of a lot of pineapple upside downs and mojitios at Heart bar with my awesome man, we stopped here to put some solids in our tummies.. OMG its SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO good! . . But.. I dont know if it is because it is good or just because I had about 15 mojitos and 9 shots intus. But, all I know: . People of Earls, if you are missing a bottle of mustard, it was me who took it. I do not recall a lot but I woke up with the bottle in the bed and mustard all over my face. The sandwich was squooshed on my boobs. With mustard.. . I do remember dropping a whole bottle of applejuice on my fabulous shoes, because they still smell like apple. I guess a got an apple pedi :). . The sandwiches, beeing a little intoxicated, taste just FANTASTIC!!! not too greasy, very fresh, very delicious.. . It is even easy to find after that many drinks in the Planet hollywood!. . I love you forever!
It's 4AM in Vegas and you're hungry and most likely drunk. This sandwich shop is open 24hrs and the quality doesn't lack even during the weee hrs of the mornings. If you're looking for quick and cheap bite, I HIGHLY recommend the sandwiches here. For Vegas, this 5.99 sandwich will take you pretty far, esp if you've been testing your luck out at the craps table like I did haha. . . I ordered the "full montagu" and it was packed with a lot of filling. The bread was soooo good. I'm so particular wit bun/bread to meat ratio whenever I eat sandwiches and burgers. This sandwhich is portioned out perfectly. Their amazing bread was laced with this sweet, delicious mustard. It just made my sandwich go from a 5 to a 10. I'm addicted. I hope they decide to open one up in the DFW area!!!
it's cheap and tasty...just like me.
We've heard of Earls every time we go to Vegas but never really tried.  Wow missing out.  For less than $6 you get these awesome sandwich that surprisingly are super filling.  The taste is great but they could pack it in more with meat but hey it still tasted great.  Their chicken noodle soup was fantastic. Potato salad was yummy and hit the spot.  I tried the original, BLT, and Caribbean jerk.. All were great.... even the next day cold it tasted awesome... Quality food right there. The line can get long but moves pretty well.  Its supposedly 24hrs but it was closed after 3am on a Friday night...weeeiird?  Maybe they had to clean and restock.  Either way great place to get a snack after the club or lunch run.
This place is solid. The sandwiches here are on point with what you order. I've tried the meatball sandwich which is okkkk....the  montague is good, but the jamaican jerk chicken was my sandwich of choice. i also ordered the tomato soup which is creamy and was also good cure for my hangover in vegas. As I am a fatty, i also got a sugar cookie which is a wanna-be snickerdoodle and i enjoyed it.. . Overall this place is of convenience since my entourage of drunks stayed in PH westgate, we can stagger to this place without a problem, wait...we made some wrong turns here and there at the plaza...we eventually stumbled upon the pinnacle of sandwich spots in vegas, which they the call the Earl of sandwiches.. . ahhh sh...t. now im getting hungry for some Earl's.. . you know what i prefer now from this review. you choose what you feel like, you wont be disappointed unless you're afraid of food.
Sandwiches are delicious and fresh and hot - at pretty decent prices!. The lines are always super long, because it is such a good bang for your buck (considering the price of food in Vegas sometimes...) but their fast service still allows the line to move very quickly.. . My friends and I came for dinner after going clubbing late at night, and were super grateful to find out that this place was still open, even at 3am! . . I really recommend the Full Montagu - I liked the mustard they used hahaha and I am a big sauce person.
I visit Earl of Sandwich on a semi-regular basis.  We rarely visit The Strip for any other reason but TO go to Earl of Sandwich (we are unenthused locals, I guess... but we don't like The Strip.  I chalk it up to growing up in the much-more-boring Midwest).  Anywho, their prices are reasonable and I really enjoy the soups.  I like visiting this place because my fiance has the appetite of a diesel-guzzling Mack truck... so I would prefer he get a big-ass salad or wrap here than to eat a bucket of fried chicken or a pan of lasagna elsewhere.  How he stays skinny, I don't know - maybe the Earl of Sandwich is helping!  They definitely have lots of light options that taste really good.  And the price is right.
This place really doesn't need my review but I added a picture so.. might as well... . Great sandwich spot at the Miracle Mile Shops in Planet Hollywood.  Line is long but they have a pretty efficient check out process.. order with one person and pay with another.  I got the tuna melt and it was stringy, melty, cheesy richness.  Although by the end of the sandwich, I felt a little heavy.  The lemonade washed everything down nicely, though.. . YES I RECOMMEND... holler
It's 12pm. You just checked out of your hotel, only after realizing you left behind your hair curler and one of your heels. You had no time to shower and you look like a mess. . Hop over to Planet Hollywood for some sandwiches to save the day. These delicious toasty 'wiches won't break your bank...only $6 per sandwich! Where else can you find a better deal on the strip?! Add a cup of soup and you're bound to instantly start feeling better. Highly recommended are the Full Montagu, the Original, and the Tuna Melt. The line is long but it goes by quickly.
Earl of Sandwich is the tits. I am a fan of the ham and swiss because apparently I'm boring but I swear the mustard is awesome and I like my simple flavors, aight? Also noteworthy, breakfast sandwiches.. . Open 24 hours? win. Decently cheap and right next to the Miracle Mile? more win.. . If you're jonesing for a decent sandwich without having to break the bank on the strip, this is the way to go, trust.
So at the wee hours in the morning, one of my friends suggested that we hit this place up. He claimed that it's the best sandwich he's ever had. He said he would pay for us if we don't like it. So it was a win win situation. . . It was pretty good but it's definitely not the best I've had. I guess it depends on what you get. I ordered their Veggie sandwich. Bread was good but sauce could use a little more flavor. Still, it was a good deal. $6 for an oversized sandwich at Vegas.  Giving them an extra star for being open 24/7.
call me crazy but my favorite sandwich so far is the tuna melt! haha the cheese that is melted within the sandwich is freakin delicious, i think we ate here like 2-3 times during our last stay since we were staying at planet hollywood, i know right? kinda embarrassing but whatevs so good!
I really enjoy Earl of Sandwich.. . First and foremost, I love that their soups are only $2.99.. I am a huge fan of tomato soups and they have a very good tomato soup with croutons.. EoS is generally a rather affordable food compared to nearly everything else on the strip.. . Strangely enough, Kalila and I both wanted soup today. We went to Earl of Sandwich for some Broccoli Cheddar. It was a VERY HEAVY soup. It was good and tasty. I would have liked some more broccoli chunks though.. . I had a full montague and it was delicious. I really liked the roast beef and the mustard.. . Kalila had the canonballs and it was also delicious. The sauce seemed to be all over the sandwich wrapper instead of the meatballs, though. Overall, it was kind of dry. . . We like that the bread is toasted, but after reading Misti's review, she makes a great point about how there are no other bread choices.. . Based off of the other times Kalila has eaten there:. She highly recommends getting a tuna melt sandwich and a tomato soup. Eating them together is reaaaaaallly good!. . OH, AND!. You can order a Grey Lemonade. It's Grey Iced tea and lemonade. Basically, an arnold palmer with a different type of iced tea. Whether or not you like it, depends on your taste buds. I know people who love it and people who can just tolerate it. It is something that they fill your cup behind a wall, but refills are free if you ask at the pick up area. Just try it to see if you like it or not.. . #foodcrew
Remember the famous movie "Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle"? Well my dear friends embarked on a journey to Earl of Sandwich. . . Was it worth it?? Yup, The Caribbean Jerk Chicken was my favorite. The swiss cheese and bell peppers gave it the perfect "party in your mouth". The bread is toasted to perfection. Must def try.
On a recent trip to Vegas....I was hungry at about 2am and on the Casino level of Planet Hollywood resided the Earl of Sandwich. My stomach was growling, so I gave them a go....DELICIOUS. . . I had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich and it was fabulous! The bread was warm and just slightly toasted just the way I like it. The peppers and the spice on the chicken created a party in my mouth. OMG...I would eat here again and again and again.
So everyone also mentioned about how AMAZZZiNG the sandwiches are here. Really sandwiches?!. . Well here's my feedback, FINALLY.. . Upon arrival, there was a small line. We came around noontime-ish, and the line moved fairly fast. I ended up ordering the Hawaiian Chicken Sandwich with an Earl Tea Lemonade, which came up to ~$10. As for the price, it wasn't too bad. The sandwich was decent -- it wasn't like, "OMG I'M HAVING A MOUTHGASM THIS VERY MOMENT. I WANT IT EVERYDAY" sorta thing. It was just..... good. In fact, the only thing that makes this sandwich good was the fact that it was all about the BREAD! It was heated to perfection, which made the cheese melt and the meat to be all sorts of steamy. My drink was eh.. . The interior was like a fancy subway, nothing too fancy.. . Overall, it was good-- wasn't super amazing like everyone claims. However, this place is a good place to eat, especially if you're low on cash in Vegas. As for coming back, maybe. I wouldn't say I'm a super fan, but it is good.. . Turn Ons:. -The bread of the sandwich was good-- truly baked to perfection.. . Turn Offs:. -Way too overrated-- only the bread is good.
This place is a vegas go to for me. If you're a diamond or seven stars member you can forego the line. Its a really great deal for the strip. I usually go for the full montagu, club or the original. Salads are ok here, so stick to sandwiches.
DELICIOUS hot- sandwiches for $5.99? Are you kidding me? Of course, I am a fan!. Located in Planet Hollywood, every time I am in Vegas, my friends and I make a stop (or two) here.  Although it is opened 24 hours,  there is always a line to order food (even longer during the daytime, of course) and people eating at the restaurant. The lines move at a fairly fast pace and the food is usually out and ready by the time you pay! What more could you ask for? My favorite sandwiches are the: Caprese, Tuna Melt, and The Earl's Club!!. . Even better news... for all the SOCAL residents: Earl of Sandwich is opening in summer 2012 at Downtown Disney! I am soooo excited to head over there once it opens!
At $6, these sandwiches are a tasty way to get small bills for tipping, and you'll need a lot more of those all the time.. . I definitely enjoyed the sandwiches I got here (including, of course, the Full Montagu). Good quick food, and helpfully cheaper than a lot of the other options around. Still quite corporate and sanitized, as is the way of things on the Strip.
So, I've been coming to Earl of Sandwich for a while now, and LOVE their hot sandwiches. Why only four stars? I'd have to say that considering 90% of my visits here have been late night, after clubbing, hot mess, need to sober up and soak up all the alcohol visits, I perhaps need to give it a go in more normal circumstances. I mean, yes they were deeelicious, but anything is delicious under the above mentioned conditions. . . I love the fact that they are 24 hours, and surprisingly there are always people there. My only wish for the sandwiches at Earl is that they were bigger.
I ate 4 Earl sandwiches over 3 separate visits all within 24hours. Earl overload... (pre-club, post-club, day after). . It's definitely NOT the "world's greatest hot sandwich" but it's tasty, cheap, quick and convenient. Eat here if you don't feel like dropping $50 on buffet and want something better than McDonalds.. . I recommend the ORIGINAL 1762 and FULL MONTAGU sandwiches.. . --------------. . ORIGINAL 1762 - A little skimpy on the meat portions but flavorful throughout the sandwich with just the right amount of horse radish and cheese. (fyi- Meat is not consistent. One of the sandwiches was medium rare and the other was well done). . . FULL MONTAGU- Get this if you want veggies and more bang for your buck. Sandwich is about 1/4inch taller than the 1762.. . --------------. . TIPS:. . 1. DO NOT go 3 times in 24hours. You'll get sick of it and end up forcing it down or keeping it for later and eating it cold.. . 2. Visit after the clubs. Plenty of rowdy, drunk entertaining customers. . Highlights include:  A drunk guy trying to fight two other drunk guys because he thought they were taking pictures of his ugly drunk gf, funny drunk pick up lines and lot's of people with food on their shirts.. . 3. Order a side of macaroni salad and put it inside your 1762.
Tasty and cheap sandwiches! Must try if you are in the area. Tried their full montague and club. Both yummy! Grab a desert for later....will be back soon!
I'm obsessed with their Tomato soup. It is perfectly salty and sweet with these amazing croutons that taste superb from first crunchy bite to soup-soaked last.  Honestly it's hard to judge Earl of Sandwich accurately since when I eat it I am either drunk or hungover so it always seems like the best thing in the world. But they have a great selection. Different meats, sauces, sides, etc.  The bread is ALWAYS fresh whether it's 4 in the morning or8 in the evening. I will admit there is only one sandwich joint in Vegas I love more. And I eat a lot of sandwiches.
If only places like Subway or Quiznos could replicate the deliciously tasty sandwiches that Earl of Sandwich makes.  It would make for a better sandwich world.  . . These 6" sandwiches offer the best tasting sauces than the usual mustard, mayo or ketchup combination.  Each sandwich is prepped so well you think the sandwich artists hate to see their work of art go.  I had the pineapple chicken sandwich and I knew that one just wasn't enough.. . I hope they'll have one of these places up in Canada sometime soon.
I really like this sandwich place and come here whenever I'm in Vegas. I recommend  you try this place whenever you're in Vegas and if you're looking for a new restaurant to try.   They give you a pager to let u know when your order is ready.
After seeing so many people review them on Yelp, I was stoked to finally check out Earl of Sandwich.  From the way people hand them five stars and how they've earned about 1,800 reviews, it's like they're sandwich royalty!. . When a couple of my friends and I stopped by to grab a quick dinner before meeting with everyone else, we fully expected to run into a line.  Given their popularity, we figured it wouldn't be a question of "if" there would be a wait, but "how long", especially since we were going around 7:00.  Much to our surprise, there wasn't a single person ahead of us when we got there.  Score!  . . Since my friend and I both wanted to try a couple of their sandwiches, we decided to get two different types to share.  While she ordered The Original 1762 (Roast Beef, Sharp Cheddar, and Horseradish Sauce), I ordered the Italian (Salami, Capicola, Roasted Ham, Mortadella, Mozzarella, Roma Tomatoes, and Italian Dressing).  Even though I tried to set aside any expectations I had, it was tough trying to block out the reviews I read.  While the sandwiches were decent, they fell a little short for me.  With all the hype though, it was bound to happen.. . - The Original 1762 (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=REJJpOEpwaK0fLvh-bKn0g) - it's essentially a roast beef sandwich, but its simplicity worked.  The roast beef and sharp cheddar were nice, but it was the horseradish sauce that did it for me - potent enough for a kick, but not enough to be harsh.  I wish the meat had been a little more medium rare than medium though.  . - Italian (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=k8Po4fzJS9cgJcYsOdhfrw) - okay, but I think the Hot Italian at JJ Boulangerie at the Paris hotel is better (and bigger).  I liked the blend of flavors from the meat, but it was hard to separate them out.  The Roma tomatoes added some freshness, but I could have used less of them.  Ditto for the Italian Dressing.. . Regardless of anything else, Earl is an especially budget friendly option given its location on the Strip (sandwiches were about $7.00 each).  Plus points as well for being open 24 hours - way better for late night munchies than the 24 cafe at Paris or the bar at Bally's.  For those reasons, I'm rounding up from THREE AND A HALF to four.  Had we actually gone then (drunk) instead of for dinner (sober), I probably would have loved Earl of Sandwich.  Instead, depending on the sandwich I want, I might lean towards JJ Boulangerie instead and save my Earl trips for post drinking/clubbing adventures.
the full montagu versus the original earl's?. . the montagu all the way!
Yummmm....so good!
One word: ADDICTED.. . I have to have the tuna melt if I'm ever nearby and I  always order a bunch to take back with me to orange county. Thank goodness there's news of one being opened at downtown disney in the near future! The bread is just so delicious and the amount of tuna that gets sandwiched in between is perfect. My mouth waters every time I think about it. I didn't understand why my friends would bring back so many sandwiches whenever they came back from Vegas, but now I completely understand. It's nothing like any tuna sandwich I've ever had!
Wow, what a great find! Was looking for a good sandwich for lunch and this place kept popping up as recommended places on several sites.  The Wiconson Cheese soup is awesome! And the Hawaiian BBQ Chicken sandwich, WOW!!! It has grilled chicken, stacked sliced ham, pineapple slices, swiss cheese and BBQ sauce. Juicy goodness!! They are open 24 hours which is great too. They have alot of sandwiches to choose from. Think I am going back before I leave town.
Yup... VEGAS MAN! Seriously... Earl of Sanwich kept me alive for all 4 days in vegas! Never got sick of it... and always carving for some Earls! I'm carving some right now! Oh, too bad I'm in California! :(
Ate too much for lunch and wanted just a snack so I went on Saturday night, ordered the Full Montagu, it was very good. There was a line but it moved quickly.  Wasn't sure where in Planet Hollywood Casino it was located but found it right off the Las Vegas Blvd entrance.  Wish they had one closer to my home in So Cal now.  I hear we get one for Downtown Disney this summer can't wait.
My sister and I had headed over to Planet Hollywood to try Earl of Sandwich on Saturday afternoon as we wanted something close by and not terribly expensive. Despite the massive line that greeted us when we arrived, it actually moved quickly and we waited for no more than 10-15 minutes before we were able to place our order. . . My caprese sandwich was really good. I wasn't sure about it being classified as a "hot sandwich" on the menu when I ordered it (not really a fan of warm tomatoes) but it was really tasty. It was warmed just enough to crisp the bread and make the mozzarella even more tender. My sister loved her Earl's Club (turkey, bacon, cheese) as well. For the two sandwiches, two cookies, and two sodas, our bill was $21 which is not a bad price at all, especially since we left satisfied and full. . . Since this is such a popular place, seating can be tricky to find, so be patient. Thankfully it's just a sandwich place, so turnover at the tables is pretty good as long as people don't linger once they are done. For a reasonable priced and good lunch in Vegas, Earl of Sandwich is a great option.
Can't beat the value.  We're talking $6 for a sandwich on the STRIP.  Impossible???  Well it exists.  Sampled a few sandwiches with the girls.  Montague was meh.  But the Carribean Jerk Chicken made my taste buds tingle.  The sauce was perfect to give moisture to the chicken.  With that extra spicy kick. how can I ever resist?  I also really like the bread that the sandwich comes on.  It's Crispy and light.  YUMMMMMM!  They are quick and efficient.
Went here based on the recommendations here.  Again, Yelpers know their sandwiches (see Mulligans in Boston).  I went with the recommendation of the cashier and got the Jerk Chicken.  It was yummy.  My only regret is that we went to Earl of Sandwich on our last day in Vegas and I couldn't return for another sandwich.  Well worth dealing with the crowds at Planet Hollywood to get a delicious sandwich.  Seating is plentiful, service is good.
you honestly CANNOT go wrong with earls!. . my friends and i always stop by earls everytime we're in vegas! the sandwiches are delish and what makes earls better? THE PRICE! haha its affordable AND super good! there's a lot of choices to choose from but you can't really go wrong with the caribbean jerk chicken, hawaiian bbq, and earl's cobb warp! oh and i recommend trying the potato salad with your sandwich! makes your meal THAT much better :)
Delicious sandwiches. Tasty at any time of the day. Whether you're sober or drunk! The only one I don't like is Caribbean Chicken... The other ones are all pretty good. Seriously, even the veggie sandwich is deelish! One of the best vegetarian sandwiches I've tasted!!
Open 24 hours it doesnt matter what time it is cause the taste is amazing anytime. the line gets pretty long out of nowhere, but it moves along quite fast, i always get the earl club and i must add the frozen lemonade is one of the best ive had. can never go wrong with stopping by here for a good meal
When I rate restaurants, I take into consideration the options in the area and the price for what you get. Not only is it a good sandwich, you are paying clearance prices given where you are at. Located on the strip in Planet Holleywood, you cannot find a satifying meal for the price.. .  I'm normally not a sandwich fan because of how dry it is, but I don't get that way with Earls. The toasted bread and taste of the sandwich make for a good meal. One weekend, all I ate was Earls (not recommended). . . A great lunch place for frequent Vegas go-ers at a good price. If you only come to Vegas every so often and don't care about price, this is not for you. There are plenty of 5 star restaurants all over Vegas.
This sandwich shop is a blessing!  To be so convenient with hours of operation and low priced quality food, I can see why this place is a staple for many visitors (on the strip). . . On my last visit, I had the cob wrap....which was decent. Cranberries and bacon made this wrap. The Full Montagu was good.  It was busy with lots of flavors.  . But my favorite has to be The Original.  The warm horseradish sauce totally compliments the taste and tenderness of the roast beef.  . And on a cold day in Vegas, their Broccoli and Cheddar Soup hits the spot!. . It's too bad there are no locations near where I live.  I guess a Vegas trip should be planned soon.
Yummmm....I got the club & it was good!
This is our favorite stop during our Tour De Vegas. We came here twice cause they're healthy(?) and open late. This was our first pick upon arrival and last pick before departure. It's fast and yum. . . First round - tried their cobb wrap but it's heavy!! Don't put in cheese squares like you would in a salad. Each square was a size of a knuckle mixed in with cranberries, romaine lettuce, roasted chicken, smoked bacon and ranch dressing. This yells M'ehrica.  . . Few days later before our flight - We battle malnutrition and we stopped by again for fast and good filling food. I had the Medditerranean tuna salad which was awesome. It's pretty much a tuna salad with cucumbers and an extra mediterranean flare of feta cheese, roasted bell pepper, kalamata olives (obviously that's not all) and other things that I can't remember during our vegas trip. jk. . Conveniently, Earl is placed to our other tourist stop --The Sugar factory. Don't mind if we do guys. We're here anyway right? So this is another way a girl can get her expensive lollipop action on for dessert -- without driving dates crazy for another tourist-y pitstop.
Want to know what the best tasting thing in Vegas is at 3:30AM after hours of sinister fun? . . The Full Montagu http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=0hAaWj1C6H_DdxKTKrNxvA.     . As you can see, The Full Montagu is not an adult themed show featuring scantly clad sexy boys shaking their junk for the masses. This Full Montagu is a big, warm, mouthwatering sandwich packed with freshly roasted beef, turkey, aged Swiss, sharp cheddar, lettuce, Roma tomatoes and Earl's Mustard Sauce (I also add banana peppers). This sandwich is perfect. It's salty. It's sweet and because I added peppers, it's also slightly spicy. And the bread it's served on, oh that bread is great too. Lightly toasted on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. . . Besides the FM, Earl also has a good amount of other amazing tasting sandwiches, both hot and cold, like their Caribbean Jerk Chicken and the Cannonballs, both of which I sampled before (at the location in FL).  They also have salads, wraps, chips, tasty desserts and even breakfast Sammie's http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DkYS3arLOhA8si5uUEmHOw?select=bcK75Axd_C6o9qCvSOe-pw. . The Vegas location of Earl is conveniently located inside the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino and is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Freaking sweet. . . And last but not least, the prices here are super cheap, which is also a major plus in case you pulled a Clark Griswold and lost your life savings at the blackjack tables and only have a few bucks left to your name. I love Vegas Vacation. It's hilarious. . . Anyways, to sum it all up ya gotta check out Earl of Sandwich while you're in LV. . It rocks! Oh, and Eugine, baby, I thought of your handsome mug every time I walked by Earl.
Earl of sandwich has the best sandwiches. No matter what you get you going to be fully satisfied. Great fresh sandwiches at good prices. I had the OG earl, Cesar wrap and BBQ and they are all very good. The only bad thing is that there is not a Earl of sandwich by my house.
mmmmmmmmmmmm good! cheap eats for sure. I picked up two sandwiches this time, the club and hawaiin bbq. both were bomb
Ok Ok I see what others are saying about this place,..the Earl Of Sandwich is really good!!...I wouldn't say made from heaven but @ 3:13 am after partying with the fellaz and PLENTY of alcohol this sandwich tasted like it was made from the Messiah himself!..lol Recommend if you stay at PH Towers or whatever their new name is now, you try it! Prices are great, you can get a hot sandwich or cold and even if your being an asshole in the wee hours of  the night/morning they still treat you with respect and just ignores your dumb-ass and makes your sandwich right!...YEA THAT WAS ME BEING AN ASSHOLE.....Sorry Earl Of Sandwich,..I was hungry, drunk and couldn't find you guys for what seemed like forever!..lol
Cheap sandwiches for the strip ($6). Good but greasy. The desserts were overpriced and not very good. Steer clear of the desserts. It's one of the cheapest places on the strip to eat and has decent food so it's pretty packed all the time.
Very good sandwiches, and very cost effective if you don't load up on extras like yogurt, fruit, chips, etc.  It's inside Planet Hollywood, and is a great option, particularly for cheap late-night food with minimal travel involved for those staying in the nearby casino/hotels.
Having eaten at Earl of Sandwich in Orlando before, my husband and I were curious why a simple sandwich place would have such a high rating on Yelp. Well, after our recent trip to Vegas, we ended up eating here 3 times because it was just so easy, tasty, and reasonably-priced by Vegas standards. . . You really can't go wrong with any of their sandwiches, but try some of different sides besides chips. Their soups are delicious and are a pretty good size. I tried the tomato and Wisconsin Cheddar and both were hearty and delish. Their macaroni salad is also good and tastes homemade. The brownie creme sandwich is amaaazing (I love the one with white filling). But my favorite thing to get here is the frozen lemonade - it's tart, refreshing, and a nice break for your liver from all the drinking in Vegas. . . I wouldn't say this is the best sandwich place I've ever been, but here's why I think it's so popular: for two people you can get a lot of food here for around $20...which, in Vegas, is hard to do. Even Pink's Hot Dogs was a $30+ meal for the two of us and that's just basically fast food. So if you're looking for simple, cheap(ish) eats, go here.
This place is a great and inexpensive place to grab good sandwiches.  In case you've never been here before, you can just follow the long line of people- you order your soup, sandwiches, salads, or wraps at the first register and pick up extra goodies like cookies and pasta salad on the walk to the second register where you pay for everything.  You'll receive pager which will beep when your food's ready.  It can be hard to nab a table here during meal times but it's worth it.. . I got a chicken salad here since I'm trying to get ready for swim season and it's just not the same as the sandwich.  The chicken is that refrigerated/packaged chicken strips which are kind of spongy and bland.  On the brighter side, the dressing was great and the other toppings like kalamata olives and roasted red peppers were great.  The bf was smart and got the full montegue.  We also ordered the original to go.  Any sandwich here is a must.  Don't try to get something healthier like my salad cuz it just isn't worth it.. . and for all you lucky LA people... we will be getting one at Downtown Disney soon!!!
Affordable. Delicious. Open Late. . . Not a fan of the workers.  . . the food is amazing so I'd love to return the next time im in vegas. it was perfect after clubbing and as a late night snack.! sandwiches are very well portioned, tasty, melts in your mouth, and definitely flavorful !
LOVE THIS PLACE! They make awesome sandwiches.  I really think its their bread.  . I ordered the Earl's Club which I always order when I go and it has been always YUMMY. My hubby has tried several of their other sandwiches and has never had any complaint.  . . Why I only gave four stars is because of the people taking my order.  They have never been friendly. Always seem to have the look of "I want to be anywhere but here".  If I had a question or wanted to change the cheese they offered on the sandwich it seemed like I just another anoying customer they had to deal with.
As others have said - one of the best values on the strip. $6 for a great tasting sandwich, and they have sides/beers that you can pick up as you go through the line. A great option if you are wandering the strip or at a casino closeby and suddenly feel a grumbling in your stomach...
A must eats when coming to Vegas! The Caribbean Jerk Chicken still tastes amazing however --maybe its just me but has the portion gotten smaller??! I was never able to finish a whole sandwich but this time I had no problem doing so....or I was just THAT hungry this time . I also tried my friend's "the earl sandwich" (I think that's what it's called) and it was delicious as well. Perfect for a late night drunken eats :)
We were looking for a quick bite to eat on the Vegas strip.. . I forgot exactly what I had (I think it was a turkey, bacon and swiss sandwich with mayo), but I remember it was good.. . Fair prices.  I don't really have much else to say about this place.
I don't know if it's as good as it gets but it's pretty close to there.  . . So I heard of Earl of Sandwich and I was told that "eh it's all hype".  Well...I figured so many reviewers couldn't be wrong and on my last business trip out there, I had to make a stop.  I actually almost missed my plane because of this stop.  Totally worth the mad dash to the gate.  . . I got the BLT and it was pretty darn awesome.  The bread is soft and so perfect and they don't skimp on the meat, that's for sure.  I can't wait until the open the one at Disneyland.  I'll be there every week.
Occasion: Late night food with MCT friends . . What I Had: The Earl's Club ($6) . . Food Review: The Earl's Club includes roasted turkey, smoked bacon, aged swiss, lettuce, roma tomatoes, and their special sandwich sauce. It was toasted, soft on the inside, crunchy on the outside, juicy and spongy, and just overall wonderful. I will admit that it is often a bit overhyped. . . Service Review: Self pick-up, but the people here are friendly and helped me figure out what I wanted to order. . . Venue Review: There is plenty of seating at tables next to the pick-up station, and even with a group of nearly 20 people, we were able to find a spot without too much trouble. . . Overall Impression: I'm a fan! Somehow their sandwiches remind me a lot of a high-end Quizno's, but it's still at a very reasonable price for Vegas, so I think it's got the bang for your buck. Next time I want to try the Montagu!
I got the Caribbean Jerk Chicken Sandwich and it was pretty good. I liked how they wrapped it. The wait wasn't too bad and it's also open late- maybe even 24/7? Very casual place. :)
Seeing amazing Yelp reviews we went here for lunch... I got the Caprese sandwich which was good, a bit too buttery for my taste (but most people like that) but the cheese was very good and they didn't skimp on it, the basil was fresh and the balsamic sauce was yummy. The place was hoppin so I guess everything else is good too!
Everyone deserves a 2nd chance as the saying goes and this is one of those times that this holds true!. . I tried it initially before and was not a fan of the roast beef sandwich, but after coaxing from the wife I gave this another shot because I wanted to eat something light for lunch and inexpensive as well.. . We both shared the hawaiian bbq and the caribbean jerk chicken sandwiches (half and half) upon recommendations from "the homies"..I must say the caribbean jerk chicken sandwich was on point and the hawaiian bbq was very sweet and both left us craving for more!. . There is a lot of hype surrounding Earl and his sandwiches which now I can see is for good reason..I think now I have a permanent lunch destination that will provide for a very pleasured tummy!
Love the bread here - nice and cripsy. I got the kiddies'  pizza sandwich because I wasn't too hungry and I just wanted something cheesy! Yum!. . Bf's sandwich, the Earl Club, was yummy too. He devoured it quickly. Easy, peasy sandwich spot. Cheap prices for what you can expect in Vegas ($7-8).
Visited 04/07/12. WINNING!! Who needs Jack in the Box after hours when you've got Earl of Sandwich. Delicious, good prices & open TWENTY FOUR - SEVEN!! I am not a fan of hot subs and seeing as though it was about 3 or 4 in the morning I forgot to mention to them not to heat mines up and it was still SOOO good!!! long line but not a dreadful wait...
Delicious and cheap!  Only $45 for a family of 5!  Loved the Italian.  Kids grilled cheese was not very cheesy.  The others enjoyed their Meatball, Club, and kids pizza sandwiches.
One of the cheapest, tastiest, and most satisfying meals was had at Earl of Sandwich during my last trip to Sin City.. . Ordered chicken soup, the Original 1762, and the Earl's Club with swapped sandwich sauce for ranch (YES! for letting you swap!). I also ordered a frozen lemonade for something refreshing and non-alcoholic. . . Breaking it down:. . - The Original was super yummy - the roast beef was really tender and the horseradish sauce wasn't overwhelming.. - I'm a big fan of the Earl's Club - everything tasted really fresh!. - Frozen lemonade was huge and refreshing. At one point it was so sour that it started to cut up my tongue though. :X. . Delish.
When I worked at Downtown Disney World last year, Earl of Sandwich was my lunch of choice. Every day. Now that I'm back on the west coast, our nearest Earl is in Vegas so of course when I went there for my birthday I stopped on by!. . The line is usually insanely long if you come around noon but it moves really really fast. I usually order the Hawaiian BBQ and Cannonballs, both are delicious. Cannonballs is the kind of sandwich you can just bring around with you and it'll still be delicious cold! Also, I have a weakness for their original chips. OMG! How I've missed it!. . Earl of Sandwich is a great place to grab a bite and it's significantly cheaper than most places on the strip not to mention probably better for your health-wise. The only down fall is that the location is sort of small, but they offer more tables over towards the mall side.. . Another plus? This place is open 24 hours a day! :D
I would say that this should be closer to about a 3.75 star review, but since that is closer to a 4 than a 3, this gets a 4 star review. The sandwiches are very good, but they are NOT as big as the website photos would lead you to believe. So, if you want a good tasting light snack, I would highly recommend Earl of Sandwich. If you're starving, then you might have to get 2 of these to satisfy your cravings - or come back here when you only want a snack.
Now...this is a good sandwich.  Bought a couple of them and brought them back to the hotel room to enjoy while watching the NFL draft.  . I think the one I had was called the Full Montague or something to that effect, but whatever it was called...it was a damn good sandwich.. Conveniently located near the casino of Planet Hollywood Hotel and close to the Hilton Elara where we were staying(actually connected to the Miracle Mile Shopping Center).. Price wasn't too bad either.. Probably went around 4PM in the afternoon...so there was virtually no line.
The gold(ish) metallic wrapped sandwich is like handling a brick of gold. It just feels good in your hand. So good, you almost feel guilty for unwrapping it.. . I ordered the Veggie Sandwich without the feta cheese or the Mediterranean dressing (which is Italian and Caesar mixed.) The sandwich is basically lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, red onion, and roasted red peppers. I even opted to add avocados in the mix. http://su.pr/7vuRe6. . Sounds like a simple sandwich, right? Simple but amazingly cravable! This was the only restaurant that my friends and I revisited during our whole six days in Vegas. Bonus for their low prices :). . Four more words: Earl Grey Lemonade...YUM! :D
Great place to get a decent hot sandwich.  Taste even better with a discount! (Show your AAA membership).  Had the Full Montagu, done very well (much more meat than the others).  Seating is average, self serve.  Ordering is easy and paying as well.  Self serve soda fountain and coffee dispensers.  Tables are have salt, pepper, Tabasco.  Quite a walk if you park in the structure.
I can see why I read so many good things about this place. . . If you're on the strip and on a budget, this place is where to go for lunch. $5.99 for sandwiches, salads, and wraps. You could probably even add a bag of chips, a cookie, or a side and still pay under $10 for your whole meal. Very hard to find that kind of deal for quality food on Las Vegas Blvd. It's open 24 hours, too!. . I ordered two sandwiches, the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and the Full Montagu, and ate half of each. I was really hoping the sandwiches would very delicious. But it was just OK in my book. Nothing wrong with them, mind you. I just was thinking I'd be wowed with flavor.. . That's probably the only reason I couldn't give 5 stars here, even though I wanted to. The service was fast, they kept the line moving swiftly, there was decent amount of seating available, and clean. I thought it was kind of cool that a casual sandwich place used vibrating beepers to let you know your order was ready to be picked up!. . I wouldn't say it's a convenient place to eat for a local, but I'd definitely think it's an awesome place to dine if you're in the area nearby. Great value for your money and more than worth getting, compared to the same you'll spend for unhealthy fast food. . . It was a great stop for lunch. Or anytime for that matter! Try it :)
Correct me if I am wrong, but I don't get the impression that you can eat in Vegas in a satisfying manner, unless you have lots of money or lots of time or a huge stomach. In other words, restaurants are either pricey without quality food, or you have to wait in line forever, or it's a buffet. For a good chunk of the restaurants it even seems that at least two of these characteristics apply.. . And here comes in Earl of Sandwich, the seemingly only place on the Strip where none of these apply.. . The good:. - I had a Full Montagu and it was quite delicious. Good ingredients, flavorful and the bread was so good that the sandwich still tasted good the next day.. - Their selection is good, and they sell a good variety of healthy sides and drinks - even milk!. - Price-wise I think Earl of Sandwich is very reasonable. After reading reviews I expected some high prices but 6 dollars is what you pay at most other good sandwich places too.. . The bad:. - The sandwiches are small! Luckily I only wanted a small snack, but for 6 dollars I am used to sandwiches which are 1 1/2 the size of what you get here.. - The location is a little loud, but oh well - it's in the middle of a shopping mall/casino.. . All in all, Earl of Sandwich is a restaurant chain, and it should get more stars than Potbelly and less than Jimmy John's, and this time I am solving my half-star dilemma by rounding up. After all, it is noticeably better than Potbelly.
Best sandwich in vegas strip! It is not too expensive and quality of the sandwich is great! I would say this would be the best after-party-late-night food! I will guarantee it!. . it is a bit hard to find unless you have been to the shopping area inside of Planet Hollywood. It is located right across from the sports betting area and the daiquiri bar. It looks subpar at a first glance but I'm sure you will like what you get from here.. . Two thumbs up!
Best deal on the strip. Been here twice and have to say these sandwiches are quite delicious.
Yes, the sandwiches are as good as everyone says they are! We were staying off the strip this trip, but at my mom's insistence, made a special visit to Planet Hollywood just to get Earl of Sandwich. The Caribbean Jerk Chicken is great - slightly spicy and tangy, but my favorite is still the seasonal holiday which is like Thanksgiving in a sandwich. . . Yes there will be a line, possibly quite long, but don't be discouraged. It will move quickly and soon you will have your grubby fingers all over a delicious toasty sandwich. FYI there's a location opening up in Downtown Disney too, so now LA/OC-ers can get their sandwich fix without going all the way to Vegas.
These sandwiches are awesome. I used to think that a sandwich is just a sandwich, but now I know better.. . It's like an assembly line here. But fresh ingredients, great flavors, and perfectly toasty bread make for one delicious sandwich.
This was the place hands down but recently they made the prep area bigger and the sandwiches doesn't taste the same. It's still good but it lost some of it's magic.. . Here's the low down of this place, Earl's is in planet Hollywood. Normally I see drunk people here after they've been partying. Which isn't very cool because some people are annoying and obnoxious when they are drunk. Mother day weekend I was there and there in front of me was a skin headed Armenian hocking up and spitting on the floor. It was disgusting.. . Once you get passed the long line to the register I normally order 6 sandwiches because I go to Vegas twice a year and the line is long so I have to make it worth my while and share it with the family.. . Their sandwiches are good. I don't think you can go wrong with any of them as long as you eat them as soon as you can because the bread gets hard and chewy.. . So I give it 4 stars because of the drunk people and the below stellar grinder. Don't get me wrong! It's still up there, but not where it was.
Opened late enough for you to grab a bite after drinking, and great price for their sandwiches! What more can you ask for? I shared a Caribbean Jerk Chicken and chipotle avocado chicken with my sister and girlfriend one night and I thought both of them tasted really good. Caribbean Jerk Chicken was probably a little better than the other, but seriously, it's good and definitely lived up to the hype. =)
You've got to eat here if you are down on your luck and need a cheap meal to pick you back up.  We walked all the way down the strip just to eat here.
6...6....6 dollar sandwiches????. Earl doesn't mess around.  As much as I don't like writing reviews for chains, this one is an exception.   . . Earl of Sandwich has brought me back from the brink after getting the drunken hangover shakes.  Conveniently located on the floor of Planet Hollywood, EoS serves Quiznos type of sandwiches, only wayyyyy better.  He's good for pregaming before a 12 hour rager.  I've had two types of sandwiches here. . . The Caprese is your standard mozzarella, tomato sandwich with balsamic reduction. The Hawaiian is also your standard chicken, ham, cheddar and BBQ sauce.  . . Their broccoli soup is chunky good, and their cookie will give you diabetes.  Earl Earl mm mm good
The sandwiches are indeed delicious and reasonably priced. One sandwich is enough for one person, so no need to share. Plus you get to try more sandwiches that way! I had the Full Montagu which was very good. The bread was toasted to deliciousness and there was a good ratio of meat and condiments.. . Also, the frozen lemonade is AMAZING on a hot day.. . The not so good: the sad, pre-made salad. Not sure why they even offer it. The institution would probably be better without it.. . Also, if you look at the absorbing pads under the coffee, you can see bugs crawling around on it. Press the coffee spouts to drown them in hot coffee to earn bonus points.
I'm not going to lie ... I was excited about trying this place out because everyone was so hyped about the sandwiches. I was happier to hear that it was located in Planet Hollywood because that's where me and my girls stayed at. I finally got to try out one of the sandwiches and it was delicious! I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and it was bomb. I wish I can try out all of the sandwiches but there's just too many to choose from. I can't wait until they open the new location in Anaheim!
Let's see, Subway or Earl of Sandwich...Are you kidding me? It's not even a contest. They aren't even in the same class. One place sells delicious, hot, fresh, sandwiches and the other is about as exciting as, who are we kidding, Subway sucks.. . So there will be a line and it's worth the wait. Yes even when it's like 30 people long, it's still worth the wait.. . You really can't go wrong and with it being open 24-hours it's always there to delight your mouth.
I love earl sandwiches! It's not too salty or bland. The portions aren't too big or too small. . . The problems were finding a seat sometimes when it gets crowded and so bread selection.. . This place blows subway away in terms of quality and tastiness.. . I love sandwiches and i'd come here just to get a taste but maybe that's because i'm a guy with too much time and would go far for a good sandwich.
Ate at the Earl of Sandwich a few times during our visit. Reasonably priced and tasty, this sandwich shop inside of the Planet Hollywood hotel is busy at all hours of the day (it's open 24 hours). . . All of their sandwiches are hot and use high quality ingredients. Of the ones I tried, the Earl's club was by far the best (I found the Chipotle Chicken Avocado a bit soggy, and the sweetness of the cranberries in the American BLT a bit distracting). . . Aside from their hot sandwiches, they also offer salad, soup, wraps, dessert and breakfast sandwiches. Would definitely return the next time I'm back in Vegas.
Delicious original sandwich. I got it without the cheese but it was still amazing. Its a great hangover bite... trust me...!
Good sandwiches
I was determined to eat at this place since I had a free morning. . . Ordered the All American. Wow, after a morning run on the strip, the sandwich was well deserved. Turkey, cranberry sauce, avocado. It would have been better with dutch crunch bread, but never the less still very good.. Also got Earl's lemonade. Very different, tasted like an arnold palmer with a different type of tea, but also very refreshing!. . Second time there, I was so hungry I got 2 sandwiches. Was more disappointed this time around. i got the full montague, was very similar to the all american, but with roast beef and without the cranberry sauce. I probably should have known better since I don't like roast beef, but I figured if everyone was getting it, it probably was worth it. sorry Earl, it's not you, it's me so I didn't take of stars for it. Also ordered a breakfast sandwich (egg, bacon and pepper jack) that was a bit too bland for my liking.. . It's ok Earl, I'll still come back for your All American and your lemonade.
I tried this place with my family today. We had The Original, the Caribbean Jerk Chicken, Cannonballs (meatballs), and the Hawaiian Barbecue Chicken. The Original was by far the best. I highly recommend this sandwich and I usually don't get roast beef. The Hawaiian was also very good. The Cannonballs and the Caribbean were only ok.
I appreciate that it's open 24/7. That it's fairly priced. That it's tasty as well. That the line goes by fairly quickly. . . But after tasting all the sandwiches, there is one thing I got back to every single time... . their tomato soup with baked croutons.  I've had better sandwiches but never a better tomato soup. Highly recommend this!. . Their Mediterranean Salad with chicken was pretty good too if you want to balance your 24hrdrank diet with something healthy.. . But seriously.....get the tomato soup!
Attention!: My friend Richard G. is starting to get sick of this place for overabusing this wonderful resource.
(+) open 24 hours!. (+) the chipotle chicken IS SO GOOD! Grilled chicken with bacon, avocado, and chipotle sauce. Pretty damn tastey.. (+) pretty fast turnaround. (+) the cool buzz thing for each order so you can walk away and won't miss your # being called. . (-) long ass lines at times -___-
Reasonably priced place to grab a quick lunch in Vegas. This actually means a lot because almost nothing is reasonably priced in Vegas. It's open late for drunken munchies, but we came in the middle of the day. I got a Mediterranean salad for like $6 or $7. It was full of olives, feta, tomatoes, the good stuff. . . I didn't try anyone else's food, but it all looked good. The Full Montague I believe is a popular favorite.
4 & 1/2 Stars! Outstanding! Price, service, and taste are all fantastic. We had the club and ham n Swiss. We will be back
Went to the Earl in Planet Hollywood. LUCKILY I got there right before a HUGE line formed. I was very pleased with the number of sandwiches offered as well as the flavors of what I got. The only surprise though, was that the sandwiches are a little small for the price. Oh well, it IS Las Vegas!
First thing I eat when I come to Vegas! The sandwiches are awesome! . . Some of my favorite sandwiches. - Chipotle Chicken avocado . - The original 1762. - Full Montagu. - Tuna Melt. - Caribbean Jerk Chicken . . It's open 24 hours and great for after clubbing muchies. It's cheap so don't be surprised when you see the long lines!
I've been here far too much then I'd like to admit. If you're anywhere near this part of the strip, staying at either the Cosmo, Bellagio, PH towers/Elara, or clubbing at Marquee, you're more than likely going to end up here at some part of the day.. . Very solid hot sandwiches, everything from the toppings to sauce is well balanced within and for $6 its quite the steal in Vegas. With their toasted bread, each bite is paired with a savory crunch along with their simple sauces, making it hard not to fall in love with what you're eating. I personally get the Full Montague when I swing by the first time since another future sandwich is inevitable. Stand out sandwiches include the original and club, and if you're feeling adventurous go with the Caribbean jerk sandwich. Only item I'd skip is the meatball/Cannonball sandwich, its pretty standard and nothing to write home about.. . Lines can be pretty long but the it moves fast and there's plenty of seating, making this 24/7 spot a great place to grab a bite as you're shuffling your sore feet back to your room.
$6 bucks for a sandwich in Vegas!? I can't even find that in SoCal. There's always a long line but it moves quick and worth the wait.. . I've tried their breakfast sandwiches, special sandwiches, and their salads, all are very good. But if you go here, get a sandwich at least- well worth your money.. . My favorite is the Earl Club with turkey and bacon but I also loved the bacon and egg breakfast sandwich too. They give plenty of bacon here :). . Open 24 hrs. What more do you want?
The Full Montegu is the way to go!. . Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce. . There is definitely a layered texture to it. I feel like I am eating 2 sandwiches at the same time -because of the turkey and beef. And the bread, I can just eat that all day.
Heard good things about this place so we decided to give it a try :) Plus, we were walking around inside Planet Hollywood anyways! haha.. The line was huge upon arrival, but no worries, it moves super fast!. There were too many choices to pick from, but I decided on The Full Montagu.. It contains: roast beef, turkey, lettuce, tomatoes, and mustard.. The bread was soft and delicious (they ran them under toasters to warm them up.). It was a good sandwich, and I'd totally go back if I'm ever in the area.
Came her twice through out my Vegas stay. Sandwiches were huge and worth the dollars. They stay open 24 hours? So after a night of gambling, clubbing or drinking,.. you can stop here for some comfort food. . . Prices were reasonable, nothing really over 10 dollars.  Good Sandwiches and loved the Montague! My friends also got the ice cream sandwiches and soups. All for a decent Vegas price!! . . I will be back!
I give Earls a 5 since this is the best sandwich place that I've been to. The selection of sandwiches can please every persons taste buds and the best part is that it's cheap and is open 24 hours! . . Service: They make your sandwich pretty damn quick and they are able to answer any questions that you have. . . Food: I always get The Original 1762 which is roast beef, sharp cheddar and creamy horseradish sauce. I absolutely love this sandwich! . . *This is the best place to go after clubbing!.  **If you have to yack then do it before you eat the sandwich otherwise it will be a complete waste
Great food great broccoli and cheese soup! Just check your to go order before leaving because sometimes its wrong. Happened to me twice already. Will be back to eat there again.
You know, there's not much else to say that the other 2000 people haven't.. . Yes, it's bomb. The bread is ridiculous. The price isn't bad for how much you get in the sandwich. There is always a line but it goes by super fast. I think they need more tables because we were standing around looking for a place to sit 5 people but we found a spot. Perfect sandwich. Definitely will be coming back on our next trip to Vegas!! Right next to the casino and towards the end of the miracle mile shops.
It's a pretty good Sando place that is 24 hours!  I came here twice, 5.99 for a sandwhich TOASTED - Cannot really complain.
Love love love this place! It is only fitting that a sandwich the menu be named after the Montagu legacy.  John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich, apparently loved to gamble (nice we have a couple locations then huh?) and after playing 24 hours straight, he asked the cook to make him something easy to hold in one hand and eat and the other hand could be free to play cards. He was brought 2 pieces of bread with meat in between it. This is the story I got from the restaurant, seems maybe the cook actually invented it?! I first went to Earl of Sandwich in California at Downtown Disney and really enjoyed it so I was happy when we got an EOS! . . I can't believe it is only about $6 per sandwich! It tastes so fresh and yummy. I can easily eat just one and be full but my hubby does need 2 to get full. I like the "Full Montagu" which has  Freshly Roasted Beef, Turkey, Aged Swiss & Sharp Cheddar, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce. I have them hold the lettuce (just my personal preference).. . If you are not a meat eater they have a couple sandwiches for you called the "veggie" and "caprese" and a variety of soups. I like the "Wisconsin Cheddar" for the soup it is really tasty.. . The next thing I am going to try is oneof their wraps. I do want to mention the line is sometimes very long but I promise you that it moves very quickly. You can even bring your own soda or stop at a gas station and get something if you wanted to save a bit and not pay for one of theirs.
Earl of Sandwich really is great! I would definitely come back here to try the other sandwiches.. . Upon arrival to this place, there was a long line.  There aren't many tables and seats for people to dine in.  This place is crowded, but it deserves it due to the deliciousness of their sandwiches. . . I tried the Tuna Melt here and it was enjoyable. For about $6 I was able to indulge in the soft freshly-baked bread and the warm tuna filling.  The sandwich isn't huge, but it does grant satisfaction to the taste buds and is very easy-going on the teeth and gum when I take a bite into it.  I also tried the "Full Montagu", which was not as flavorful.  It still was enjoyable and I can eat about 5 of it.  My favorite is the Italian sandwich, since there was a good amount of flavor in the salami and vegetables.  Overall, the sandwiches should be a little bigger and some of them need a kick in flavor.. . My experience would have been better if they did not give us the wrong buzzer and made us wait 45 minutes for the sandwiches.  We were trying to be patient and waited for the sandwiches.  After 45 minutes, we decided to go back up and ask why they took so long. Then they explained the situation and made us fresh, new sandwiches.  In addition, they gave us a FULL refund.  Their level of dealing with customer concerns is awesome.
Had this every single day of my trip and sometimes twice a day-- why? Because it's convenient, always open and cheap. Sucks when the line is super long (almost always), but it goes by pretty fast. Wasn't the best sandwich I ever had (I don't think..), but it definitely beats the typical chain sandwich shops. We also came back a lot to try all the different sandwiches they had to offer. Will I be back? Of course if I'm staying in planet hollywood, It's convenient!
We had several breakfasts here because we'd rather save our money for lunch/dinner.  Compared to the typical Starbucks/Panera breakfast sandwich, Earl of Sandwich are about a buck more but definitely more delicious.  For a quick, cheap start to your day, this is your best bet.
Finally made it over to see what all of the Earl of Sandwich hype is all about. My sweetie and I decided on lunch out today and a sandwich is what popped in my head and someplace new!. . I ordered the Hawaiian BBQ, grilled chicken, roasted Ham, aged Swiss, pineapple & Hawaiian BBQ Sauce. It was sweet and good, the meat was moist and juicy. I could have eaten two of these mmmm yum!. . My sweetheart got the The Full Montagu,  roast beef, turkey,  swiss & sharp cheddar, lettuce, roma tomatoes & the Earl's mustard sauce. We each took a bite of each others sandwich and they are both delicious.. . We also both ordered a side of potato salad, mmm yum made with the red skin potatoes, was good. . . Unlimited fountain drinks, coffee and iced tea as well as hot tea.. . We will stop by again if at Planet Hollywood hotel and casino however don't think will make a special trip to dine here like we did today. . . I am glad my curiosity has finally been fulfilled :)
Was able to try the following:. . -Tomato Soup: I enjoyed this.  The croutons in it were good, and I'm typically not a crouton fan.. . -Chipotle Chicken Sandwich: Good sandwich, comes with avocado as well.. . -The Original: Very flavorful and savory.. . -Jerk Chicken: I actually thought this wasn't too bad though my fiancee didn't particularly enjoy this one.  The bell peppers and peppercinis gave it a nice fresh feel, though it's not quite "jerk" as you would expect.. . Not bad, I'd go again.
The bread.. . For $5.99, you get a medium size oven cooked sandwich, but the size is deceiving.  The bread is pretty dense, and fills you up fairly well, as opposed to Subway or Quiznos which is all air.. . The bread is crowning feature of the sandwiches.  It isn't cooked until you order your sandwich, and then your sandwiched it put through what resembles a pizza oven.  The bread is crispy along the edges, and yummy.. . I wish they put more filling, and more veggies, though.  I ordered the jerk chicken, and my mom ordered the tuna melt.  It seems like it would taste must better if the ratio of bread to stuffing was more balanced.  They probably can't over-stuff it though, in fear it wouldn't cook completely.  . . When I come here again, I'm going to probably order the Full Monague.  The pictures of it look delicious.
Great sandwiches, wraps & salads when you're looking for cheap food fast in an otherwise pricey section of the strip. I had the caprese wrap on one visit & a mediterranean chicken salad on another. The wrap was good, not great, but totally worth $5.99. The salad was HUGE, delicious, and also a bargain at $5.99.
Earl of sandwiches this place is really good.  bLT and  The Earl,yummy. Defiantly eat here agin.
You went out clubbing and now have the late night drunchies? This is the place to be. You will be very happy. Perhaps busier during the hours of 3AM-6AM than during most times in the day, this is where all the young people who've been enjoying the Vegas nightlife flock to after they've had enough at the clubs. Do make it a point to stop by!. . The Earl's Club is the best sandwich.. . . Real talk: the sandwiches here are good, but the overall 4.5 star rating you see above is most certainly inflated by the fact that people come and eat here after they have been out dancing/drinking for a while. But I guess that's only something you need to keep in mind if you're going to come here during the day.
This place was at the top of my list. I knew that by the end of my trip I have to make my way here. I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken- Grilled Chicken, Roasted Red & Banana Peppers & Spicy Jerk Sauce. The sandwich came out wrapped like a brick of gold. It was hot and the bread was toasted. It was the best thing I ate all weekend. When I got back to my hotel, I devoured what remained of my sandwich quickly.. . Earl's is worthy of being my regular Vegas dining spot! It's open 24 hours and it's cheap. Sandwiches are about $6. What more can I ask for?
Hubby and I went walking on the strip for a couple hours and made our way to Earl's before we headed home. Since we had a slice of pizza at Paris, we decided to share a sandwich here and went with The Original (Roast Beef, Cheese and Creamy Horseradish - which we requested for on the side). . The sandwich was hot and the bread was toasted just perfectly. The meat was tender and juicy at the same time with a little bit of the fatty flavor - yum. The best part was the creamy horseradish...made the sandwich 10x more delicious! Can't wait to try other choices (Tuna Melt, BLT, Full Montague)....get your fries fix somewhere else though. They only have chips and a small variety of dessert options.
Its definitely better than like your average joe sub at Subway. . But it's not like ORGASMICLY awesome~ it's definitely above average. I give them that. But it's a tad not overpriced  for a  small sandwich ($6-8), but what AM I SAYING?! it's VEGAS!!! (probably the best deal out there) hahaha but it's not the BEST OF THE BEST OF THE BEST sandwiches ever.... i'll tell you that much. It's def good though. . . I got the Earl's Club. Definite recommendation for the rookies out there. The worker will even recommend that....so THATTTT means.... you should at least try it.
Why is Earl's so good? The bun. The combinations. The price. That they are open late. My favs are the Original, the Italian, and the Cannonball. The line can be long, especially after the clubs let out, but the wait isn't too bad. I just don't know how else to describe how delicious these hot sandwiches are! You must try!
Staying at Planet Hollywood or any of the adjacent hotels, and in need of something to curb your hunger, drunkenness, hangover, or what have you? Earl's, baby. . . I've tried the originals, the club, some chicken one, and the one with lots of meat, and the caprese...I LOVE the caprese. So clean and fresh tasting. The best part I think, is their crunchy but soft on the inside bread. It really is the bread that makes this place, the sandwich insides are so-so.  . . Pretty good for your money too, for Vegas standards where everywhere else is twice the cost of food in California and probably quadruple the cost of food elsewhere.  Somewhere to stop for cheap, convenient food if you're in the vicinity of PH, the Hilton towers, Cosmo, etc.
As much as i hated planet hollywood... i wanted to hate this place too. . . This place serves the best sandwiches! Its soooo BAMMB. . . I tried the tuna melt and it was delicious. And super cheap too! . . You have to try it if you stay at the hotel.
I stayed at Planet Hollywood during my Vegas trip, and being a first, I had no idea what was around. Luckily for me, a few of my friends that went with me were "experienced" in this matter, so they suggested we go eat at Earl of Sandwich. First off, my group got there VERY late, so I thought they had closed.... NOPE. Earls is a 24 hour place which makes this one of the best places to go for late nights and just regular meals. . . As for the actual food, it's pretty damn cheap for what you get: a quality sandwich for under $10 (and when I say quality, I mean quality). I tried a few sandwiches here (got  2 on my first trip, and came during different times of the day), and they're all pretty good. I tried my friend's soup which wasn't the best, but still decent for what it was. . . The lines can get very long since this is one of the few 24 hour food places, but the wait is quite small. Service is fast so don't get turned away by any sort of line.. . Overall, a great place to go to at Vegas. Not a standard recommendation when you go to the City of Sin, but definitely a place to stop by if you're around Planet Hollywood.
It's hard to give a sandwich place 5 stars, but this place is as close as it gets! I finally made my way here after all my trips to Vegas, and I must say I've been missing out!! Their bread is probably why their sandwiches are so popular. Slight crisp on the outside but so soft and moist inside. It also helps that most of their sandwiches are full of cheese! My favorite! Nothing better than melted cheese combining all the ingredients together. My friend actually recommended the tuna, and I was like what? Who orders a plain old tuna melt at the most popular hot sandwich place?! Well, I was proved wrong because their tuna melt was probably the best I've ever had. Rich and creamy, and full of cheese! Every bite had a long strand of cheese pulling apart, and I just couldn't get enough of it! Even after finishing my Full Montague, I was stealing some tuna melt from my boyfriend. . . Thankfully, the two of us ordered 3 sandwiches (because we're gluttons), and we were stuffed at the end. The third sandwich was the All American, and it was really good too! The cranberry sauce made it sweeter, and the roasted turkey was also juicy and tender! I actually preferred the All American over my Full Montague, but maybe it's just because I'm not a huge mustard fan. My friend ordered a tomato soup along with his sandwich, and it was too sour for him to finish. Basically, just stick with the sandwiches! It called Earl of Sandwich, not Soup! Also, they're opened 24 hours!!! I can't think of a better place to go when you're hungry and drunk. It's seriously the best idea ever. Definitely one of the highlights at Vegas!
Tasty sandwich, good bread.  Had the Italian which was unbelievable, melts in your mouth.  Also had the Caribean Jerk which was also good.  For 6 bucks you can't go wrong.  Wanted to try the Loaded Bake Potato Soup but they didn't have it the next day but heard it was good.  Tried the egg sandwich for breakfast and it was pretty gross, no tasted and a little burnt...but they're not known for that I guess.
I had been wanting to try the Earl of Sandwich for a long time.  I had heard good things about it from friends, and had read lots of great Yelp reviews, so I was exciting to give it a try this past weekend when visiting Las Vegas.  . . My initial impression of the food was not good.  I was let down by the fact that my bread was pretty badly burnt on one side.  I had taken my food to go, and did not make the discovery of my bread being burnt until I got back to my room.  However, even with the sandwich being burnt, it was still decent.  Besides being burnt, the flavor of the other ingredients really stood out.  I had ordered the 'The Original', which is a roast beef sandwich with cheddar cheese and horseradish sauce.  After feeling like I missed out on something good, I decided to go back to the Earl of Sandwich the next day to give it another shot.  I ordered the same sandwich again, and it was so much better with the bread being slightly toasted.  I also got a potato salad, and liked that as well.  Overall, it was a very tasty meal.. . It is so hard to judge a place based off of one experience, and I am so glad that I went back to give the Earl of Sandwich another try.  My second meal was awesome, and I will definitely go back the next time I am in Las Vegas.
Finally! ! A sandwich  place that is  different .... bread is awsome its toasted they way it should be in a sandwich.  Yummy.
I am in love. Earl of sandwich was recommended to me by a few friends who said this is a must try in vegas. . . Service: just like any other sandwich place such as subway, or quiznos you order and you pick up.. . Food: Oh my... where do I start... I've had earls everyday during my 3 day stay in vegas. Well worth the price you pay, you can see your food toasted and bubbling on the conveyor belt and steaming hot. The bread is one of the major things that makes this sandwich shop golden. You also get one of those buzzers while waiting for your sandwich so you don't have to stand inside the shop when it gets crowded. . . Overall: Yes yes yes! This is a must go to in vegas! Personal recommendation is the Earl Club!
My friends and I don't like waiting in line in Vegas. Not for EBC, not the guestlist line for Marquee that really only takes like 10 minutes, and definitely not the 2+ hrs line for Marquee general admission. But when we get to Earls and the line is so long that sections are cordoned off, we wait. That should tell you something about Earls.. . I've tried the Full Montague, the Italian, the Earl's Club, and the tomato soup. I've had Earl's fully sober and when I'm so drunk I can barely stay awake and walk but I somehow make it to Earl's. Everything I've tried has been good-- nicely toasted on soft fluffy bread. . . And for those of you who just spent a fortune on cover/drinks/gambling, the sandwiches are only about $6!
Everything I wrote in my previous review still rings true. So why the two star upgrade?  Three words: CHIPOTLE CHICKEN AVOCADO.. . It's a special sandwich they have for a limited time (they really should consider adding it to the regular menu), so if it's still there when you visit, you must, must, must try it. Considering I went from hating Earl's to practically loving it (thanks to this sandwich), you have absolutely nothing to lose. I promise. In fact, you'll thank me for introducing this heavenly, orgasm-inducing sandwich.. . You're welcome.
This place is pretty good. You can tell by all the other reviews, I'll try to not make this lengthy. . . For being on the strip, the food is cheap. Not only is it cheap, its good. Not like gourmet but for the price pretty damn good.. Secondly, if the line looks ridiculously long? Don't worry, they got this system down like they are Chipotle this lines moves so damn fast. . Thirdly, they have soup if you perhaps need it since you are toohungover to eat solid food and you can't make it to Spring Mountain for pho or ramen.. . Tip: Get a side of Jamaican jerk sauce, pretty good to dip your sandwich in.
Simply amazing for the following reasons:. . 1. It's the cheapest thing you will buy in Vegas. 2. it's friggin' delicious. 3. it's even more delicious, when you realize you barely spent any money!. . just keep this our little secret, and go try it!
Hands down one of my favorite sandwich shops.  It's the bread that makes this place so awesome. You can't go wrong with most of their sandwiches. I typically get the one with roast beef.. . Cheap, fresh, delicious. Good break from the over indulgence of buffets.
A must stop shop for my Vegas visits and now they are open 24/7!  Yay!
Very efficient. Line wasn't super long and even if it seems so,have no fear! Order first, grab your bottled drink if you want and pay at the end. Wait a few wih your buzzee and bzz it's out! . . Tuna Melt (albacore tuna salad + swiss cheese)= soooooo delicious. seriously... I have dreams about that sandwich!! And it's super filling without being too "fishy" lol. . . Earls Club ( roasted turkey, smoked bacon, swiss, letuce tomato sandwich sauce )= so fresh! very very flavorful sandwich that can't disappoint!. . Full Montagu (roasted beef turkey swiss and cheddar letuce earl mustard)= My little bro really liked this sandwich. He just scarfed it down = sign of a good time!. . Notes: . * veggie sandwich is a no no. not enough veggies in that sandwich to keep you full. I felt like I was just ingesting carbs as opposed to vegetables AND carbs. . * don't expect a large sandwich! the sandwich sizes actually run kind of small. yes you are paying for good flavor, but you're also paying for the brand itself. . * purchasing an Earl of Sandwich is an experience most people like to incorporate into their Vegas experience. Take it or leave it. . . I may be coming around again!! :) tehehe until next time!
Love Earl's! 24 hours, and will satisfy your munchies late at night!! I probably went there 2-3 times during my 4 day stay in Vegas! . . Okay, their sandwiches are just regular sandwiches, but they never get old. Maybe it's because you can get a whole meal for about $6, but it's pretty tasty when you're drunk (or not). The sandwich may look small, but it fills you up! I also love how they toast your bread for you, nice touch! :)
I wanted to try Earls of Sandwich for the longest time but never had the chance to. I had finally gotten the chance to last week and I have to say it was pretty good, but I had better sandwiches. I ordered the Full Montagu. Everything was jammed packed into every bite. Even though it doesn't look like the picture on the website it still is pretty delicious. The roast beef and turkey goes well with swiss and cheddar. And the mustard compliments everything all together. Even though there was a long line and it was very busy, our sandwich came out pretty quick. . . This is a must go if you are in Vegas and haven't tried it before.
So I've finally gotten the chance to see what Earl is all about on my most recent Vegas trip and I must say it is pretty good!. . They have a pretty big menu, ranging from sandwiches, salads, wraps, soups, and even desserts! The prices are pretty good too! About $6 for a hot sandwich!. . All of the sandwiches looked and sounded really delicious - well, being hungover and starving, anything sounds good to be honest. Nonetheless, I was torn between The Earl's Club - roasted turkey, smoked bacon, aged Swiss cheese, lettuce, Roma tomatoes, and sandwich sauce - and The Full Montagu - freshly roasted beef, turkey, aged Swiss and sharp cheddar cheese, lettuce, Roma tomatoes, and their savory mustard sauce. My friends, who have been here in the past, told me that I should just get both, eat half of each sandwich and save it for the ride back, so I ended up with both. My friend alone, bought 4 different sandwiches for herself, so I didn't feel that bad for buying two.. . No lie, The Full Montagu was amazingggggggg. So fresh! It was the best thing to cure my hangover. Even so, I couldn't even finish the quarter of it. I didn't eat The Earl's Club until the next day, even so, it STILL tasted pretty good. . . The only downside is that this place seems to always be crowded. We waited about 20 minutes before we could order. Twenty minutes doesn't seem long, but when you're starving, it seems like foreverrrrrr. I wouldn't want to wait in this line at 4 in the morning after ending my night at the clubs. . . Anyways, I'm definitely glad they're opening a location in Downtown Disney. I get to try out more of the sandwiches without having to be in Vegas!
I like this place because it is open 24 hours, you get your food fast (even if there's a line), and its a really filling sandwich for $6.. . I get the veggie sandwich and my hubby gets the tuna melt and adds on a few free veggies (lettuce, red onion, roasted red peppers, chipotle sauce), and avocado ($.99 upcharge).  Both are excellent, flavorful sandwiches.
Delicious! This restuarant is for the sandwich lovers and the salad lovers. I had the side salad and broccoli cheddar soup. The soup was surprisingly good due to the fact its expertise is sandwiches.. .  Also, you MUST try the desserts!
I'm not a sandwich connoisseur, but the sandwich I got here was melt in your mouth perfect. I got a montagu and you could literally taste everything in this sandwich individually. It wasn't drowned in sauce and it didn't have an obnoxious amount of tomatoes or meat. The bread was toasted perfectly. I ENJOYED IT.
This was my first meal on my last trip to Vegas and it did not disappoint.. . Boyfriend and I ordered (we weren't too hungry):. -The full montagu (about $6): roast beef, turkey, swiss cheese, cheddar cheese, lettuce, roma tomatoes, mustard.  the sandwich is nice and toasty and there's just the right amount of everything.  . -Chicken soup (about $3): this actually had a lot of tender chicken chunks and soft pasta.  It had a lot of flavor and I thought it was pretty tasty (I was kind of surprised).. . Overall, Earl of Sandwich is cheap, quick and tasty.  It's actually very cheap, considering it's prime Vegas location.  The bread is probably the best part about the sandwich.  It's fluffy, yet has a good amount of chewiness and the toasty-ness of it is perfect.  Definitely worth a try.. . Even if you don't like sandwiches, they have wraps, salads, and some desserts too.. . Notes:. -They have a birthday club.  Sign up!. -Line may be long, but it moves quickly.
I love this place, especially now that they're open 24 hours! The sauces that they put on their sandwiches are great and it's very good for their price point- it's pretty difficult to find a place on the strip that will feed you lunch or dinner and leave you full for about $10. . . My slight gripe is the meat to bread ratio- I'd love more meat.
This place is quite good, especially for the Planet Hollywood shopping center.  Very reasonable prices as well.. . . I had the chipolote chicken sandwich (chicken, avocado, bacon).  It was quite tasty.  The avocado tasted fresh and the chicken was cooked well.  It was only about 5-6 dollars as well.  Not bad, especially considering what you will play  . . My friend had the Greek salad wrap.  He said it was pretty good, but the olives were a little too strong.. . Solid place.
I read the reviews on Yelp about this place. It wasn't one of the places I really wanted to go to, but I came here with my parents because they were hungry. My mom ordered the Original 1762, and I decided to have a bite. After that one bite, I wanted more! I underestimated this place! Ever since that one bite, I decided I needed to come here again before my trip ended. Sadly, I didn't get to =( If I ever return to Vegas, though, I will try the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and Hawaiian BBQ.
After reading great reviews for this place, I decided to give this place a try since I was already staying at the Elara Hotel.  . . I noticed that there's always a line for this place - a good sign.  However, the line moves pretty fast, so don't get discouraged.  I waited maybe 3 minutes for my order of 2 sandwiches.  My mom got the Hawaiian BBQ and I got the Tuna Melt.. . Flavor wise, both sandwiches were excellent.  Value wise, excellent for $6 each!  Service wise, very fast and efficient!. . So why only 4 stars?  Because both my mom and I had suffered the "MSG Chinese food syndrome" after eating here.  We were both still extremely thirsty after drinking lots of water.  We also felt so sleepy that we had to take a nap.  . . If you don't mind lots of MSG in your food, this place is a great find!  It's cost effective and fills you up.
This is a must-go-to sandwich place if you're ever in Vegas. Open 24 hours, show up when you're out late or any time you're craving some food and grab an amazing sandwich for under $10!. . During peak hours (lunch, dinner) this place does get quite crowded and the wait can sometimes be more than 45 minutes. However if you're eating at an unconventional time, this place is great!. . The Full Montagu is my personal favorite, and its perfect! The sandwiches might look small at first, but they are much more filling than you'd think. The portions were perfect for me.
I'm finally getting around to reviewing this place, and I've been at least 3 times.  I hesitated for a split second in giving it 4-stars, but I am indeed a fan (though not for its flavor, which is what reviews are usually based on).. . The line is usually pretty long, which can be a major turn-off if you're in a hurry.  But the service is prompt, and prices are not bad at ~$6/sandwich.  I'm no sandwich connoisseur, but the bread is warm and chewy (with a crispy crust), and the flavor is good.  It's not spectacular, but it's a solid.. . For its convenience at the Miracle Mile shops, connected to Planet Hollywood, and across from Cosmopolitan, it is my go-to spot for a sandwich.  Plus, the people watching can be good as lotsa people hit up this place...
Earl of Sammitch, you live up to ze hype.. . Initially, I wanted to stop by at Earl's when I was in Vegas in June, but it just didn't happen. Finally in August, my boyfriend and I were staying at the Planet Hollywood hotel and we were able to taste the Earl of Sandwich phenomenon.. . I ordered the Earl's club and my boyfriend had the chicken with bbq sauce. I can see why so many people love Earl's. We've back an additional 2 or 3 times during our trip.. . Easily accessible from the Planet Hollywood casino floor, however, the line is frustratingly long. The seats are also scarce, so be wary when someone gets up.
Went here for the 1st time while in Vegas and the sandwiches are fantastic (we had the Full Montague, Earl Club and the Original). I personally had the Full Montague and this sandwich rocks! It consists of roast beef, turkey, and cheese with sauce. It was great! The bread on these sandwiches is to die for. My only complaint was I wanted more. i will definitely visit again when in Vegas.
Some cons and then the pros!. . I wish they had a half sandwich deal (and if they have one, then I wish I had seen it!). The service is okay but fast! The seating isn't great since there's a constant line forming around and even a bit outside the hotel entrance. . . I had the chipotle chicken sandwich with avocado and my boyfriend had the club. Both were really decent. I think mine was better just because the sauce gave a nice different flavor that the club was lacking. Of course, he begs to differ. Hmph. The toppings are okay but I wish that there was more of a neat viewing being that you can see everything from the line of ordering. . . The pros is that the bread is like - uh, scrumcious! It's toasty but not too toasty to where the bread is left dry and boring! The meats seem fresh! . . I'm definitely a fan and will try this place again.
The sandwiches here are delicious! Yummy and toasty. However, I gave it four stars because I was the second person to order my sandwich from a group of 13 girls yet I got my sandwich last! On top of that they never called my number because they forgot my sandwich was there. But the one guy that helped me behind the counter was nice and he apologize and said no one had told him the sandwich was there. I would come here about but probably won't order the tuna melt again because it seems like it tooka while!
Yup the hype is for reals.
I usually find myself shying away from Earl's when I'm in Vegas bc the line always looks horrendous. But last weekend, the line actually didn't look like a complete nightmare at 3 in the morning. I was so excited to finally give this place a try. . . After standing in line for 15 min and waiting another 5 minutes for my sandwich, I was finally able to sink my teeth into one of these famous sandwiches that I've heard so much about. I ordered the chipotle chicken sandwich with avocado. It was SOOO good. The bread was really fresh and soft. The chipotle flavor was bold and delicious. The warm gooey cheese was excellent. The combinations of textures and flavors worked so well and made the sandwich so great. . . I also tried the tomato soup. It was ok. I thought it tasted a little bit like canned soup. Nothing special. . . Service here is friendly and efficient. There are a lot of tables, but seating did seem a little  limited since there were so many customers. . . The sandwiches here really are superb. Great food after a long night of partying.  I will definitely be back on my next Vegas trip :D
Dangit!  I think I was too drunk to have noticed that they have Tuna Melts!  Argh!  But I did have the Full Montagu with a creamy tomato soup.  I have to say that it TOTALLY hit the spot.  We got lucky because we were able to get a table for our large group pretty quickly..... . I thought at first that the samich might be overloaded because everyone who eats it is in a post-club, post-long-night-of-drinking state, so I saved half of my sandwich for consumption later.  Although a little cold, it was still EXTREMELY good!  I loved my samich, every last bite of it.. . So if you're on the strip hitting this place up, post-club would be the worst time in the sense of how long the lines are, but hey, when you're hungry you're hungry, right?  But even then, the line moves quite quickly and we didn't have to wait too long.. . Let's just assume that any Vegas Strip restaurant has bad parking(it's the strip) and that you're walking in from some other location.. . Service - Good enough for a sandwich shop.
This place was nice. They shuffled people through really fast and made the sandwiches even faster. Like most places, the advertisements show a plump and vibrant sandwich but what you get is a squashed lump in between two slices of bread. For $7 it wasn't bad, but it looked like it shrank quite a bit when they toasted it.. . I was a little confused at first because you tell the first employee what you want and then you take the receipt to the other employee down the line and they actually ring it up.
For all the sandwich enthusiasts out there, this is a MUST when in Vegas!. . Earl of Sandwich. You are a god. seriously. So back in December (i know, this post took much too long to actually write) I went to Vegas with some friends and had one of the most amazing weekends EVER. but really, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. HOWEVER, I am a strong believer that the statement does not apply to foods.. . Now, upon the rave reviews I have heard from friends I encouraged the group I went withto try out this Sandwich shop. It's inside Planet Hollywood among a ton of stores and etc. The atmosphere is just very relaxed (either that or we were all too hungover to notice much. lol).  perfect location since my friends and I were staying at the Monte Carlo. And best of all, SLOT MACHINES right next to Earl's. What's not to love?. . Now upon reaching this fine establishment, there was a very very long line. seriously. I was so doubtful about whether or not I actually wanted to wait in line. But I stuck it out anyways which I'm glad I did because MAN does that line go fast. Now, the sandwich isn't cheap. Mind you it costs $6.99 a sandwich but I had to try it. Plus, I was in Vegas, might as well.. . I wanted to go with the basic because I am a true believer that if you can't make a basic sandwich taste amazing, then you're not a very good sandwich shop. So I ordered the classic Earl's Club without the tomato. Within minutes, it was done and i was down to chow. And chow chow chow I did. Oh my god. seriously. One bite was all it took for me to swoon. A warm soft cheesy sandwich. Perfect amount of roasted turkey, smoked bacon, aged swiss, lettuce & sandwich sauce. and my GOD! the bread they used was so soft but not so soft so that the sandwich falls apart. I downed half the sandwich down in seconds. It was THAT good.. . Now I know i know. I can be totally biased since I only got the club sandwich but my friend ordered the very festive holiday sandwich that had cranberries in it (don't remember the actual name since i didn't order it). Now i'm usually not a big fan of having cranberries in my food. Something about a pang of sudden cranberry makes me kinda twinge. But my man Earl has proved me wrong. Even that sandwich was amazing. I took a few bites out of it just to try it out. I wanted to gobble that up as well (obviously I didn't considering it was my sandwich).
Breakfast-Lunch-Snack-Dinner-Fourthmeal of Champions. Good at any and every time of the day. Luckily they are open 24/7. Cheap. Filling. Tasty. Need I say more?. A must-go when you are in LV or near Anaheim area. . . Quality from the meat selection- condiments- veggies. Their bread is what makes the sandwich.. . Recommend:. . - Hawaiian BBQ: like a Hawaiian pizza but better.
Best drunchies evaaaa! Stayed at Elara so it was very convenient to walk down and grab some Earl's. Lines get long after the club but don't fret they're really fast at completing orders. If you like chicken and if you like avocado such as myself, the Chipotle Chicken Avocado is the way to go! It will not disappoint.
My wife and I tried two sandwiches: The Full Montagu and The Italian.  Both sandwiches were very good though I preferred the Montagu and my wife preferred the Italian.  This was ironic because this was the reverse of what we personally ordered.  The bread here was very fresh.  The turkey in the Montagu was solid but the roast beef was better.  I may have to get the roast beef sandwich only next time.  The Italian was very good but a bit too salty.  . . With all the hype, I was hoping for something more like the sandwiches from Bay Cities in West LA but these will have to do since they are opening a location in Anaheim soon.. . The frozen lemonade was not worth it.  I would just get water only next time.
Among the vast buffets and expensive restaurants, Earl of Sandwich is an affordable and awesome place. The reuben is fantastic. The size is alright, not too big, but enough for a decent sized person to get full.
there's a reason why people get what others recommend. not i. i had to walk off the beaten path, and opted for the earls club. WHY!? i mean, it was still tasty, and positively YUM if compared to other sandwich joints, but the tried n true sandwiches my family got were way better. yum yum yum. the tuna melt with a lil tabasco and mustard (to cut the fattiness of mayo) really sang. sang in my mouth. yum. cant wait till u guys come to the OC!
Its nice to have a sandwich place that is open 24 hours, sometimes you just want a simple meal.. . I ordered the "Best BLT" - smoked bacon, lettuce, roma tomatoes and seasoned mayo, toasted so that when you open the wrapping you saw the steam rise up.. It was good, with lots of bacon, but not quite like "their" photo example. You can see my photo of the BLT that I received.. . For the price and the quality of the sandwich I would come here again. I know that at other "Sub" places the bacon is tiny and they charge per piece.
located inside Planet Hollywood casino.. open late hours.. restrooms available.. A la carte menu options.. delicious gourmet sandwiches - both cold & hot.. chips and beverages sold separately.. . my favorite, Caribbean jerk chicken.
I didn't get a chance to try their sandwiches but I did get to steal some of my friends tomato soup which was DELICIOUS. I'm such a sucker for good tomato soup. I love how they put these toasty croutons in it for you...nice textural addition to the soup.
Awesome sandwiches inside of planet hollywood...for $6-$7.  Cha-Ching!  We're talking about the real deal here...freshly roasted beef and baked bread!  . . This sandwich place is located halfway inside the casino and halfway inside the mall.  The line is long...but they get through it pretty quickly.  You order at the first reg, grab your ticket, and a pager.  While standing in line, you could pick up a bottled water, couples of sides, chips, and a dessert.  Pay at the end.  Assembly line...works wonders.  . . A few minutes later, our pager started buzzing...hot sandwiches ready for devouring!  I had the original which came with roast beef and horseradish sauce.  Great sandwich...perfect consistency on the bread...meat was sliced perfectly thin...but the horsey sauce just wasn't right.  I guess I just would like it a little spicier rather than sweeter.  Wifey had the full montagu...turkey, roast beef, Swiss, cheddar, and mustard sauce.  That sandwich was the bomb diggity.  Every bite was juicy and delish...highly recommend that one.  . . Our friend ordered the club...although I didn't get to try it, it was gone in 1.5 seconds.  That should say enough.  Haha.  . . I'm glad we tried this place before we left...I saw that they're opening one at Disneyland.  Hopefully, a location in northern Cali is in the works!
Vegas food options are tricky.  Often there is terrible cheap food and hilariously overpriced decent-good food.  Case in point, you probably don't want to go for the $5 prime rib you find in most places.  Probably. . . This place, despite a silly name and slogan, makes a pretty good sandwich.  Is it the BEST (hot) sandwich.  Debatable.  Does it get bonus points for apparently being founded by the current, actual Earl of Sandwich.  Sure.  Is it interesting that it was started not in Sandwich, but rather outside of Disneyland or that his name is of course not Earl but that his business partner's name is in fact Earl.  A little.  Would it be great to be called Lord Sandwich. Yes. . . In any case, they make a pretty good sandwich for $6 and have a good selection, as you can tell there because there is always a line at all times of the day.  That said, they also have pretty good hours.
Amazing. Flavorful. Affordable.  . . Top Recommendation: . Full Montagu and Caribbean Jerk. . I always get the above two sandwiches whenever I am get to Earls. This place is a must go if you are looking for a relatively quick and cheap bite to eat that is affordable (5.99 each?)and tasty without overindulging at a buffet. . . All their sandwiches are great! It's definitely the bread that does it for me. . . Whenever visiting vegas I make it a point to have this as one of my meals, and I always buy an extra one for later munching after a night of fun or if I wake up before everyone and am too lazy to go out on my own. . . Their other little extras are good too, like the ice cream sandwich and the potato salad. But definitely go for the main entree, the sandwiches. . . Be aware that lines do get very long during weekends, mainly during meal hours of lunch and dinner. So be prepared to come at a different time or wait. The longest I've waited during busy periods was 30 minutes and that line started all the way at the entrance in to Planet Hollywood. It was still worth it! And their ordering system makes it such a fast and efficient line.
Let me sum up all the other positive reviews...for a mid-Strip, Vegas lunch or snack you won't beat this place...simple, tasty sandwiches at a great price (I got a sandwich, chips and drink for under $10). Pass up the fast food, it's worth the short wait in line, and you won't be disappointed.
Good and affordable sandwiches brings drunk club kids and elderly Asian people to this spot at 3AM. It's so much better than Lee's. My veggie sandwich was stuffed with cucumbers, tomatoes, onion, and feta in between a nice toasty bread. I think arugula and spinach would've elevated the sandwich. And I'm disappointed that there are no bread options. But for $5.99, this sandwich is a steal when compared to other food options. I would totally come here if I was clubbing close by, but if I were at the Wynn or the Venetian, then no. It's just a sandwich.
Got the chipotle chicken avocado sandwich and the full montagu - pretty darn good sandwiches! Came here simply to see if the 2000+ reviews averaging 4.5 stars were for real and I'd have to say yes it is.. . I'm on the lower end of that average rating, but it's still really good. It basically reminds me of Quiznos, but takes it up a notch with their ingredients and sauces. Better ingredients = better food = happy me.
You can smell the deliciousness within a hundred feet of this place.  The Original is some of the most tender roast beef you'll ever eat and the chicken jerk is quite delectable too.  The bread is warm and toasty, but the sandwiches could stand to have a bit more meat in them.  I'd definitely come back here and sample some other things on the menu.
Came here after a night at Marquee.  Good sandwich but nothing spectaular so im a bit surprised at the 4.5 rating. Still, overall value is pretty good here and this is a pretty good option for late night eats. Day time you have so many other options though so I'd probably skip this. . Food tried: . Italian. Good flavor. The bread is ok but could be a little thinner. . . Montagu(a bite). Good. Less flavor than the Italian. . . Service: order at the counter and pay. Then pick up your order when you buzzer starts buzzing. Was not too sober when I ordered, but I don't really remember there being much offered in terms of sandwich customization.
WE LOVE this place!!!  We were introduced to Earl when we were in DisneyWorld (where they make substitutions (including adding extra meat) for free)!!!  . . We're a little disappointed that we can't add extra meat for free but this place still does a great sandwich!  Want to try all their sandwiches but can't seem to stray from the Montague!  Also got to try the tomato soup...it's good but the sandwiches are the stars!!!  . . This is usually our first stop after getting off that red eye from Hawaii!!! LOVE that it's 24 hours!  . . Can't wait to go back!!!
If you are looking for relatively cheap eats on the Strip and something yummy, look no further then Earl of Sandwich!. . I got the Original and like others havesaid...OMG...the bread was freakin' amazing.  Do they bake crack into their dough?  The bread was crunchy on the outside but soft and fluffy on the inside.. . The roast beef was ok, nothing to write home about and I wish the horseradish had more of a kick to it as it was a little bland.  I actually doused my sandwich with mustard for a little more zing.. . EoS definitely lives up to their "World's greatest  hot sandwich" motto.  Quiznos, Togos, and Subway step up yo' game, and EoS open up in the Bay Area please!!!
Came here twice on a recent trip to Vegas. This place is located towards the Strip side of Planet Hollywood on the south side of the shops. You stand in line, place your order, get handed a buzzer, walk up to the cashier to pay, then find a seat while you wait a couple minutes for your food. I ordered two different sandwiches. . The Earl's Club - Packed with flavor (and I'm sure sodium). So tasty...and of course, the bacon is a nice added bonus!. . The Full Montagu - Really good sandwich too, but not as good as the Earl's Club.. . What I really enjoyed about the sandwich was the warm bread with the crunchy exterior - all sandwiches should have this kind of bread! Mmm
This place is open 24 hours!!! The sandwhiches are really affordable too! $6 for a hot sandwhich or salad and they have some other things too. I like how it's just one pricing for all the sandwhiches and one pricing for the soups/salads. I've heard lots about this place, so I was excited to try it. It passed my food test. It tasted fresh and was warm and cheap. The flavors tasted good together. I got I believe the club. I will have to try others next time. Only thing was that they took a bit too long to make my sandwhich... maybe because of the time it took to make it hot? I would come here again though and next time, I think I also want to try the soups and salads.
Do you know the Earl of Sandwich?  . . If you don't fall in love with their clever branding, you'll definitely fall in love with their sandwich.  I mean sandwich has been in the owner's family for hundreds of years and so you could say they are sandwich royalty.  Sure you might feel like a plebian waiting in line obediently scanning the menu, but when that buzzer rings indicating your order is ready, you may just feel like you won the lotto.. . I tried both the Original and the Montagu and while both were delicious, I have to say hats off to the Original, which is fresh roast beef served on delicious bread with a generous serving of horseradish sauce.  No mas, but muy delicioso.  I was tempted to get an ice cream sandwich, but my expanding waistline just could not take the hit.  But next time, Earl, I will sample your dessert-wich-es.
I've not had a good tuna sandwich for a long time. It was very yummy. Love it.
Earl's is pretty clutch because it's in Plant Hollywood so it's pretty much in the middle of the strip which makes it easy for everyone to try! There should not be any excuses for not trying Earl's when you're in town, it's open 24hrs 7 days a week!. . The bread is fresh.. The lines are quick.. There's a Fat Tuesday in the same hotel, what's not to love!. . I've had . . . The Italian (typical Italian sandwich), The Earl's Club (turkey and bacon), Caprese (mozzarella and balsamic) . . . all of which have met my expectations. . . The only downside . . . their pasta salad was probably THE WORST I've ever had! Stay away from that and you're good to go ;)
Avoid going during peak lunch hours and you'll find no wait and a quick moving line. My first attempt to eat here was during Labor Day weekend around 1pm and the line was all the way out into the main Miracle Mile walkway. Massively hungover and running on empty there was no way I was going to wait in that long of a line. The next day at 4pm was much less crowded and we probably only had to wait in line for 3 minutes before placing our order. Quick turnaround with getting fresh hot sandwiches out after ordering too. All of the sandwiches sounded so good it was difficult to choose but I picked the Hawaiian BBQ and a frozen lemonade. I'll pass on the lemonade in the future, it was nothing special. The sandwich was great though. Stuffed full of ingredients, just half of one was large enough to fill my tummy.. . Can't wait to make a return visit this weekend for my birthday to try more sandwiches (not gonna lie, I totally want to stock up and take some for the trip home).
24-Hour Sandwich Shop!. . Earl gets down in the sandwich game!!! Like previous yelpers mentioned the price alone makes Earl of Sandwich worth giving a try. In a land filled with overpriced EVERYTHING its nice to eat for a very decent price! . . Also, as previous yelpers have mentioned the sandwiches here are GOOD!!! I've had a few different sandwiches but my favorite is definitely the roast beef with horseradish!. . Aside from the sandwiches they also have DELICIOUS chicken noodle soup! If you have a hangover or you just like yourself a cup of chicken noodle don't pass this one up, its not too salty and has just the right proportion of broth to noodles!
For the long line, I expected a long sandwich... yet what I received was a decent sized sandwich of good quality.
You can't hate on a place that opens 24 hours in Vegas because you never know when you'll be getting in. If you stay in Planet Hollywood, it's even better because you can order a sandwich to go if you're in a rush to get ready or even have a late night snack after going out to cure your drunk munchies. They have sandwiches and soups. I'm soooooo thankful for the soup because that's all I crave when I am hungover!
Crack food, worth the wait! =) soups are nothing special though =(
Considering Earl of Sandwich is 24 hours, this is a pretty legit sandwich place. Not the best I've ever had, but good enough to satisfy your sandwich craving drunk or sober. Plus the sandwiches are decently priced and even though it always appears to be packed, the lines move fairly quickly! . . This sandwich place is mainly known for its "hot" sandwiches. I shared the Earl's Club with my gf and the sandwich consisted of turkey, bacon, swiss cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and the Earl special sauce. The sandwich was just OKAY. I think the bread was much tastier than the ingredients in the sandwich itself. The meats were nothing special. It sort of tasted like ordinary deli meat. I am quite particular with my sandwiches....If it uses turkey for instance, I actually expect soft tender chunks of turkey not really deli style. . . I also tried the Caprese sandwich and I think that one is my fave. Just because the ciabatta bread was so lusciously soft, it sits perfectly when mozzarella, tomato, basil, and balsamic vinaigrette are laid out in between. . . There is an array of baked goodies as you are getting closer to pay for your meal. It is pretty tempting, to buy, but I passed on those goodies.
Ahh Earl of Sandwich...you are my favorite quick bite when I'm in Vegas!  It's 24 hours located in the Planet Hollywood hotel so anytime you need a snack Earl is there for you.  I do recall after coming here from a club all I wanted was a breakfast sandwich...and sadly was informed that they didn't start breakfast till 5am?!  Thats why they lost a star in my book.. . I've had several different sandwiches and have yet to be disappointed.  The All American and the Earl's Club are two of my favorites.  For breakfast I stick to the staple, ham egg and cheese...fabulous!  . . One tip my friend and I have learned is splitting a sandwich is a good idea if just looking for a quick snack before the bars.  The lines can be pretty intimidating but they always seem to move at a good pace.. . Someone should open a franchise in Chicago...I bet it would do quite well here!
Was in Vegas just last weekend, and when my friend discovered I have not been here...degrading words were spoken and then I was taken here twice(arriving and departing) just to let it soak in how much I was missing out. . I am way late on this foodie place, but I am glad to have enjoyed their Original and Full Montagu. . 24/7 so no excuse to miss out when visiting Planet Hollywood. . Four stars because of price..a sandwich for 7.09 should at least come with a soda or beer
earl of sandwich!. . line is ridiculously long, but they have like 500 people working in the back. great to have after partying all night in vegas if you don't want steak and eggs. sandwiches are diverse, filling, and flavorful. . . i usually get the full montagu, but this time i ordered the chipotle chicken avocado - grilled chicken strips, savory chipotle sauceand avocado with cheddar cheese, bacon, and leaf lettuce. the sandwich was amazing and flavorful. the chicken was not dry at all. the spice from the chipotle with the fresh avocado is a great balance. all the flavors work well together. hurry up, anaheim location!. . will definitely come back again (if i'm in vegas) and try other things on the menu! check out the picture i posted.
I finally got to try Earl of Sandwich! The menu is a bit small, but somehow I feel like there's a sandwich for every kind of sandwich lover out there. I absolutely love warm sandwiches, and Earl's does them well with their consistent, perfectly toasted bread. I definitely have no regrets eating Earl's more than once during my stay in Vegas.. . My favorite sandwich would have to be the Tuna Melt, but the Montagu and Earl Club are also delish! The Cannonball was just ok. I probably wouldn't get that again. . . If the line is a bit daunting, all you have to do is make a phone order and pick up your sandwich when it's ready at the cash register. No need to wait in that ridiculous line. Even better, if you're staying in Planet Hollywood and you don't want to go out for a meal, you can make the call from your room and lounge around while you wait.. . I wouldn't go as far as saying Earl's has the best sandwiches ever (perhaps that's the drunken Vegas talk/hype), but they definitely do sandwiches right. It's a great way to get a quick and cheap meal when time and money are tight, which is pretty often while you're in Vegas.. . Unfortunately, it may be hard to find a place to sit, so beware if you came in a group of a bajillion people.
This place is the definition of clutch. Delicious food, fast service, and super affordable prices. A real lifesaver in Vegas.. . I swear that I eat here at least 2-3 times on every Vegas trip. Why? Maybe I don't have the appetite for a buffet. Maybe I don't want to pay $30 for an average restaurant meal. Maybe I'm running short on time due to other "priorities". Where can I get great food without emptying my wallet or waiting endlessly? You guessed it.. . It's remarkable how fast the service here is. Whenever I see the long line, I always think that it's going to take forever. Silly me, I should know better after all of my visits. This place uses an assembly line system to crank out sandwiches in record time. If only more places were like this. But what about the taste? No compromise here. The sandwiches are fresh, toasty, and hearty. I would highly recommend the Full Montagu, Earl's Club, and Caribbean Jerk Chicken. The prices are amazing compared to most food items in Vegas. Most sandwiches are under $7! For that price, you might as well get a few and stock up for later.. . And while I'm not sure if it's open 24/7, I've never seen this place closed. Let's just say I've been here at some pretty odd hours too. Can't wait to come back!
Definitely a cheap and must visit sandwich shop while in LV. Landed in LV Friday evening and we were famished so decided to hit up Earl's after dropping our bags off at the room. So many times have I heard great praises of the tuna melt so of course I was gonna get myself a tuna melt!. . Usually when I see tuna melt on the menu I kinda skip over it and look for a sandwich with turkey/meat, avocado or bacon, but I just had to try the Tuna Melt and I'm glad I did! Within less than 24 hours (5p-10a) I already visited Earl's on my stay in Vegas, good thing we were staying at PH. Next time I think I'll place my order over the phone and just pick up. . . Can't wait till the one in Downtown Disney opens up, but I'm wishing they could just open one up in the SFV or even Woodland Hills!. . *If you like bacon all their sandwichs w/ bacon have a nice crunchy piece of bacon in every bite!
This place was really good. I had the one with chicken, avocado, I think there was bacon, and I forget what else. I almost got the 1762, but after the 1st bite, I was happy with my choice. Maybe next time. There was a line, but it moved quickly, and our food was at our table before we knew it. I did wish the sandwich was bigger, but after sitting and letting it digest, I found that I was fine. It was after 12am when we ate here, so the next time I'm in Vegas and hungry late, I will very likely come by here.
When my friend excitedly turned to me on the way to Vegas and said, "ooh I have to take you to Earl's!", I had no idea what a treat I'd be in for. . . My first experience at Earl of Sandwich was pretty amazing. Long line, but it moved rapidly; not much seating, but people always vacating periodically.  The highlight, of course was the food. I got the Chipotle Chicken Avo and an Earl Grey Lemonade, my friend the Club and a tomato soup. We ended up swapping halves of the sandwiches, and so glad we did!. . The Club is buttery and moist and flavorful--crisp veggies and crunchy bacon and yummy turkey. The Chipotle Chicken Avo--WOW.  It's moved onto the list of sandwiches that I will periodically crave randomly.  The chicken is super moist, the cheese, avocado, bacon, and lettuce balance perfectly with the slightly spicy chipotle sauce, and is all sandwiched between chewy and crusty artisan bread. . . Friend loved the tomato soup (she was fan from before) and my Earl Grey Lemonade was pretty good as far as Arnold Palmers go. . . Second experience was after a hard night's partying and before a long charter bus ride back to LA. I ordered on the phone for pick-up and was pleasantly surprised that it would only take 5 minutes for my sandwiches to be ready.  A short walk from the Cosmopolitan, I was back in time with our sandwiches in time to make the bus.  We got the CCA again (how could we not?!) and the Full Montagu... Which, sadly paled in comparison to the Club from yesterday.  Still hearty and filling, but in juxtaposition with the two others, just a tad bland.  . . When back in Sin City, I will definitely hit up the Earl again.  At this price and quality, I'd be a fool not to!  Plus, it's open 24 hours--and offers some dangerously delectable looking desserts.
When you compare the price of a sandwich to the price of food anywhere else on the strip, you'll quickly realize that it is SO worth $6! The line is daunting but actually moves pretty quickly. Good luck finding a seat though!
the yummiest sandwich I've had in a long time. got the Caribbean jerk chicken and it did not disappoint.. hubby got the club, and it was just okay.. . for once I ordered something better than he did!
Caprese Sandwich, Tomato Soup to get your dunk on, Earl Grey Tea.
Oh my goodness, do I love that caprese sandwich.  Delicious and the price is right.  Will def be back again.
I hope that no matter what kind of night I have, I can always blindly find my way to this place! The best way to end the night in Vegas! Whether sober or intoxicated, the sandwiches always taste so good! I like the Caribbean Jerk Chicken, Full Montagu, and Tuna Melt!!
So.. The Earl of Sandwich is a real person(well technically 'was') and yes he did invent the sandwich. According to legend, he was an avid poker player, and he would not allow the simple inconvenience of hunger stop him from playing cards. Thus, he ordered the chef to put a steak between to pieces of bread so he could hold it with one hand, and his cards in the other... the sandwich was born. . . Jus wanted to throw out that random piece of trivia.... . So one my favorite food is of courses sandwiches, and this fact gets me very excited whenever I go to check out a sandwich I haven't been to.. . I had heard of Earl of Sandwich before, and seen it a few times on Food Network and I finally got the chance to check out the one at PH. Yay it was fun! They serve up these golden bricks of pure deliciousness. Every sandwich they have is warm and toasted. Waaay better than Quiznos so don't even compare.... . The only things that keeps me from giving them a stellar 5 star review is the fact that the sandwiches seem kind of small, I could easily eat 2 of them. At about $7-8 per sammich, I do expect more. On top of that, expect a crowded dining experience. There is usually a line (which moves quick) but it can be tough to find a spot to sit down and actually eat. The place is open 24hours and the fact that their fountain drinks actually have some odd choices is reason to celebrate.. . If you like sammiches, and your on the strip, czzzech dis place outttt.
Vegas is filled with so much deceit but, . . this place,. . is a true gem amongst the turds on the Strip.. . The sandwiches are packed with flavor.. . Sober or Sloshed this place is the jam.
I love their tuna melt! That was my favorite and I would come back for it. I also tried their Montagu sandwich and that was okay. The price is pretty decent for being in Vegas and the sandwiches are good sizes. Not too small, not too large.
Now open 24 hours, this is a great place for late night eats to go or sit in after a few rounds on the strip.  Go here if you are staying in or about the Planet Hollywood area.  Decently priced, there are a number of sandwiches for any taste.  The bread is freshly baked and the signature hot sandwiches has a quizno's warmth to it.  We had the Earl's Club and Hawaiian BBQ.  Both sandwiches were hearty; yet, easy to eat.  There was a great ratio of meat to veggies and the condiments for each sandwich added the right punch toround out the flavors.  The pasta salad was so-so; go for the chips.  Depending on when you hit up this place, you can breeze through the line and make it out of there within 10 minutes or get in queue with other hungry folk.  Bottom line, if you are looking for something affordable, good, and to-go -- go here.
chipotle chicken ~$7 for ~ 6". - limited time only . - fresh bread! crispy exterior with soft interior. good bread!!!. - chicken was moist unlike what i had thought. - avocado cooled the chipotle a tiny bit, but not enough because mouth was burning. - i asked for the sauce on the side but they added it to the sandwich and gave me an additional container of sauce. . - there was bacon inside but i didn't see it initially so i didn't take it out. i couldn't taste it until the very end. i think i can try to slowly get rid of my psychological issues with consuming pork. . - despite the error, the sandwich was still good, and the balance of the flavors were okay except the spiciness masking some of the flavors.
LOVE their sandwiches!  As a local, it kind of sucks that I have to go through having to park in the Planet Hollywood structure and then walking all the way through their shopping mall but it's worth it if you're in the mood for super fresh, tasty sandwiches.. . I hope they open up more locations in Las Vegas that doesn't require going into a hotel/casino.
We ate here sober (rare I know!) but it was still delicious! We had to try it since we tried the one in Disney world, florida. . . There was a long line when we went but it moved pretty fast.. . worth a try!
Upon arriving in Las Vegas I made it a point to tell my boyfriend we'd be making a visit to this sandwich spot: after reading the great reviews I just had to try one. Besides, it seems to be the cheapest thing to eat on the strip anyway, so I gave it a shot.. . Very pleased with my experience. Sandwiches were warm, delicious, everything I could ask for. And for the price I consider it a bargain. I only wish they were slightly bigger!
Overall is a good place to eat. It's a tasty sandwich for a cheap price, specially considering the location.. I had the all American sandwich which I liked but didn't loved because it had cranberries on it. My boyfriend had the cannonball and loved it.
Fresh, soft, chewable meats to put inbetween bread, that I would describe the same way.  EARL OF SANDWICH - This place has been a life saver (well... Hangover saver) for me, many    many times, stumbling back to the room, or getting lost on the way back to the hotel... Pretty affordable and decent food makes me come back frequently.  Specialy since the blackjack table likes to take a lot of my "good eats" money.  I seem to remember them being open late... Like... "When I am shithoused and looking for a place to eat because In-N-Out is closed early"
Perfect place to go when you have the munchies whether you are shopping gaming or after a night of clubbing because it's open 24 hours a day. I like the cuban.
Bomb ass sandwiches. I've tried several sandwiches and they're all pretty damn good. Usually I get the full montagu, or sometimes the caprese when I have a lighter appetite. But really, it's all good.. . I think what makes it is the bread. Crusty, soft, warm bread. The filling could be anything and it would be delicious. Plus they make your sandwiches super fast and it's not bad on your wallet.
Great sandwiches, just wish the prices were not strip prices. Open 24 hours which is fabulous since I work a show on the strip and it is nice to be able to find hot food and a place to sit. Fast service, huge brownies, and yummy sandwiches.
Eating sandwiches in Las Vegas?  This wasn't exactly where I saw myself eating with all the choices on The Strip.  When it came down to a decision, I couldn't refuse the loudly reviewed sandwich shop which now advertises that they OPEN 24 HOURS outside.  . . *Chicken tortilla soup - Bun and I almost always get a soup and share.  Through experience of sandwich shop soups, the soups usually are menu fillers.  Due to the constant reheating, flavor and freshness disappear over time.  Ranking them atop many franchise soups, the chicken tortilla soup wasn't too shabby.    .   . *Cannonballs! - Yeah, "Cannonballs!" is the name of the sandwich.  Also don't forget that exclamation point when ordering.  Like a good o' cannonball to the face, nothing surprising here, inside they have marina, cheese, and hunky balls of meat.  Boy does my Bun love her meatball sandwiches.  Even at Subway, when in doubt, her choice would be a meatball sandwich.  Chowing down the sandwich, I wrestled it away from her for a bite.  That singular bite almost led to a second.  That is until Bun put a sleeper hold on me and yanked the sandwich out of my hand.  . . *Earl's Club - What's the difference between Earl's Club and a turkey club?  Not much besides the name.  Turkey, bacon, lettuce, and tomato were what I tasted before gulping it down.  Do I have any comments on the sandwich?  "Good".  My mouth is still full.  Don't bother me.        . . All sandwiches are about six inches and deceivingly filling.  In view of the fact their label of a franchise, nearly all ingredients tasted very fresh.  Their most underrated attribute are the artisan bread used for buns.  . . For about the same price, why would anyone on Earth pay for a Subway sandwich?  Budget friendly and open all the time, Earl of Sandwich is a wise choice for the haggard Strip journeyers.  In need for food and a place to rest their feet, Earl of Sandwich is a very useful alternative on The Strip.
After all these years, I am still a whole hearted fan. You can't go wrong with the Original or the Earls Club. Each sandwich is prepared on a delicious bread that is perfectly toasted. . . I certainly would recommend Earl of Sandwich for a casual cheap eat in Vegas
Full montagu nuff said. I knocked off one star because my friend also got the montague but they skimped on her meat. So consultancy may sometimes be an issue.. Also had the Hawaiian BBQ, just a tad too saucy for me. 3.5/5
3 1/2 stars.. . Earl of Sandwich, thank you for providing a relatively inexpensive, 24-hour option with some healthy selections in the middle of a casino.  Even if your Cobb salad didn't quite seem like a "Cobb salad" to me (no egg, no avocado, had Swiss/cheddar cheese and Ranch buttermilk dressing, and was not chopped - but, was fresh). . . The tomato soup is a touch creamier than I would like but still had a nice tomato tang, and had nice big croutons swimming in it. . . I sampled both the "Cannonballs" meatball sandwich and the Original 1762 roast beef sandwich.  Both were on what I suppose is Earl of Sandwich's signature bread, which is pretty good.  It looks a little crusty, but is still quite soft and spongy, and chewy.. . Both sandwiches were pretty good.  The meatball sandwich had enough meatballs to fill the sandwich, the sauce was nice and tomato-y, and there was melty cheesiness, but not too much.  About what you expect from a meatball sandwich, when nothing goes wrong.  The roast beef sandwich was also good.  I liked the horseradish and would have preferred a little more of that, and a little less creaminess, but that is just me.. . Overall, this is not a place I would travel out of my way for.  But, it is a great option to have in the middle of the Las Vegas strip, when your wallet doesn't feel like going big for the evening.
Two thumbs up! I am not a big sandwich person but I have to say this place serves really good sandwiches and salads. The bread is fresh and just tastes great. Service is efficient even though it is always packed and there's always a line. Would definitely go back next time I have a craving for the Full Montagu.
Opened 24 hours...I'm not sure how good a sandwich can get, but at 4am and drunk off our butts....this place hits the spot for our cravings.. . Cheap, Yummy, and Fast!
This place is inside Planet Hollywood, just inside the door where you see the Pink's Hot Dog from the strip.. . $5.99 sandwiches.... open 24/7.... I had the Caprese.... all sandwiches are fully loaded and for a 24/7 food place ON THE STRIP, what a great price.  Can't beat that.. . Late late night, be prepared to be in the presence of wasted individuals looking for a way to fend off the hangover.. . (note: if you're one who goes to Vegas and gets hungover, THIS IS YOUR 3AM SPOT TO GO TO!!!)
We got Tuna Melt and Vegan sandwiches. Both sandwiches were good but not very special. The best thing about their sandwiches is the fresh bread and how they toast it.
If you're staying in the Hilton Hotel, which is the so called "Planet Hollywood" you can easily walk down and get something to eat! What I enjoy about staying at the Hiltion is the easy accessible mall and the food spots. Earl does hit the spot with their quick service and prices. Re-fill able drinks :). . PROS: OPENED 24 HOURS. Oh, and they have .. fruits :) You can't find fruits in the mall except here, but it is a little costly :(
It was the last night for Bunny and I in Vegas and we had done a lot of heavy eating, so  soup and a sandwich seemed like a good idea. After walking over and looking at the menu, I couldn't decide what to order. After watching the wonderful show of KA, it was a bit late and at this point, we were getting a little hungry.. . After reviewing the menu, I had decided that we would share a Chicken tortilla soup and I would have the Cannonballs! sandwich, while Bunny got the Earl's Club. The seating area was a little busy, but that's how Vegas life is, always a crowd no matter what time of the day it is, especially for places open 24 hours, like Earl of Sandwich! . . Some would like to go out all and have a big fancy dinner before heading home, but we just wanted to relax and enjoy ourselves so we took it back to our hotel room. My only concern would be our food would be cold.. . First thing we tried was the soup, which after taking a sip, I didn't want to share with Bunny :D.  There was a lot of flavor and the spice was not too much for me to handle. The container kept it warm. I wouldn't have minded a few crackers, but hey I'm not complaining. All in all, the soup was good.. . On to the main course! Basically the Cannonballs! was a meatball sandwich, along with marina sauce and cheese. I was very happy with my choice!  The meat was nice and fresh and had a lot of flavor in it. There was a perfect amount of sauce and it was not overdone.. . I had tried a little bit of Bunny's Earl Club. I'm not a big fan of club sandwiches, but after having a bit, I completed converted. It had just the right amount of all the ingredients and when mixed together, it was great. . . Next time we are in Vegas, we will definitely come back!
Inside of Planet Hollywood. . This hotel and casino is ehh, not many slots that catches my eye nor table games BUT, I will come here for Earl of sandwich. . . You order, pick up your chips, pay and wait for your sandwich, the whole decor is just like a sandwich shop. . . I got the Earl club, since we asked the girl which was the best selling sandwich and what they were known for. My husband got the meatball sandwich. . . OMGOD my club sandwich was BOMB, I was able to taste everything in my sandwich, turkey, bacon, Dijon sauce, fresh tomato, the lightly toasted bread, best club sandwich ever!! Hands down. . . Meatball sandwich was delicious too, not overbearing with sauce and the meatball was flavorful! Mmm hmmm...AND I am not a fan of meatball sandwiches, they usually end up grossing me out because of the soggy bread and tasteless meatball. . . This was our meat at 1030 for our journey walk back to the Luxor, it was well worthit.
This is a great spot to hit within Planet Hollywood for a quick lunch, particularly if you're looking for something decent to eat at a very inexpensive price. This place is ALWAYS busy because everyone knows you'll get a decent bite of food at a great price. They were nice enough to let me get a kid's grilled cheese the last time I was there, because I was in the mood for a grilled cheese (they don't have an adult version on the menu). Soups are good as well. Staff is friendly and somehow they move through the long line quickly! . . It's probably also a good place if you're a big gambler and want to take a quick break or for a late nite snack!
In desperate need of chicken noodle soup for the hangover nursing we finally found it here. Cream or tomato based soups were not going to settle my temperamental tummy. My body screamed for chicken noodle soup and nothing else would do. We wandered the strip going up to numerous restaurants asking what their soup of the day was. Whhhhy was nobody's soup of the day chicken noodle soup when I desperately needed it to be so.  I think a can of Campbell's chicken noodle soup  should be an essential part of my Vegas luggage.. . I forgot how to control myself and couldn't say no to free drinks from cute n not so cute guys. Washington Apples and Patron Shots sure. How many rounds was that? That's what happens on your first night in Vegas u make a noob move and go all out on night one.  On day two u are a burden to your friends as they are trying to help u recover from the previous nights antics. . . My savior!!! Earl of Sandwich. I know you're yelpfamous(yea I just made that up)  for your sandwiches but I am ohhh so grateful for your chicken noodle soup. It was exactly what I needed and was the cure to what ailed me.
This sandwich joint is right when you go into Planet Hollywood from the strip. I like their sandwiches, pretty good.. . I tried the Montague, which was the best. The Earl's Club which was next best. And the the Original was just okay. The bread is pretty good, warm and toasty. However, the sandwich fillings are what make a sandwich. . . Btw, the Earl of Sandwich, what a punny name!
Expect the following .. . . Long lines .. Always .      But the line moves pretty fast . . Awesome sandwiches.       You really can't go wrong with any. . . Food fastly prepared.       No starving while you wait for some delicious sandwiches. . . Cheap food and open 24 hours!. . . IfI had to say, the chipotle avocado chicken sandwich is great!. The bread they use are really good stuff. . The line is worth the wait.
Always heard good things about this place, so I had to try it for myself. I love the pricing of this place, for the size of the sandwich, I didn't mind paying $6-ish at all. Though the line can be long, Earl of Sandwich has come up with a pretty efficient way of handling their crowds. As for the sandwiches themselves, the ingredients they use are fresh and the meats are moist. The only thing I wish they had was more of a variety of sandwiches to choose from. . . I ordered the Original 1762, the roast beef was delicious and moist. And the horseradish sauce wasn't super strong but a good ratio of creamy to spicy. I also went a second time and got the Full Montagu. I'm a condiment person and the mustard wasn't cutting it, so I added more dijon mustard and tabasco. Out of the two, I enjoyed the Original 1762 the best.
so this place has amazing reviews as you can see. i got the full montague and it was great. i think  its the bread that is making it get such high ratings OR yelpers that are rating this place have never had a sandwich before. its warm and all but i would never think of it have 4.5 after 2000+ reviews but more power to them. . . probably one of the few reasonably priced places in vegas.. . bread is awesome and probably has some sprinkling of crack on it. as i was eating i kept trying to think if i'd go here regularly and honestly i dont know if i'd go that much more than i do jimmy johns. i do like the warm factor and its MUCH better than pot belly. . . its solid and deserves its rating but nothing more. . . JEANS: OK by far. ORDER: at counter - line goes very fast
Pretty good for sandwiches I'd say. We've been here a few times and every time it's pretty darn good. The last time we went I got the chipotle chicken sandwich and it was the best one I've ever had there. I also got the broccoli soup and it was creamy and delicious. Their desserts are also quite delightful...cakes, muffins, etc Yum!. My husband got the Original 1762 sandwich and he really enjoyed it. The Earl's Cub is even better according to him. I really think it's their warm and fluffy breads and tangy sauces that put them a notch above most other sandwich places.. You can tell all of the ingredients are fresh, so I don't mind paying 7ish dollars for a sandwich that IS smaller than a Togo's sandwich in comparison. . . I am not orgasmic over this place like my best friends are, but it's a cheaper lunch option in Vegas if you want to pass over the typical buffet, and the food is really fresh and high quality for a sandwich shop. . . I'm sure we'll return.
So, I was talking with a friend about my upcoming trip to Vegas, and what I should try when I get there. He starts raving about me needing to try this sandwich place. I looked at him skeptically: really, thats your best advice, go get a sandwich? . . Silly me to doubt his judgement. EoS is high-level grub at a reasonable price.  What they get, and what most sandwich places don't get, is the fact that bread matters. You can ruin the flavors and combinations on a sandwich by using bread thats tasteless or tough. The bread at Earls, though, is awesome. Strong enough to hold its contents, but not too chewy. . . My family ended up splitting six sandwiches for lunch, all of which were great but the Tuna Melt in particular was outstanding. The wife and I snuck back to Earl late that evening, after the kids had gone to bed and it was time for grown up fun. And we bought enough to take on the ride home back to LA.
Located inside PH this was a quick and easy breakfast. For $3.99 it was a perfect place to pick up an egg, bacon and cheese sandwich. A little heavy on the butter but hit the spot.
Their sandwiches picked my up off the ground and body-slammed me to the floor. I don't even remember the name of the sandwich I got ( Maybe the earl one...?) but it must have been the best hot sandwich I ever had! ( Though I don't eat a lot of hot sandwiches) The Earl of Sandwich, I bow in your presence.
If you're looking for a place to tickle your stomach, this is it! . I heard from a friend of mine (Thanks Ian!) that his place has the best sandwiches. . At first I didn't believe it but when I went, I couldn't stay away. . . Although there is ALWAYS a line, it moves pretty quickly. . Waiting for your order doesn't take that long, especially when you're with a group of friends. . The first time I went, I ordered a Caprese wrap. . It was good enough to fill my stomach and fulfill my taste buds for something healthy. . . The second time I went, I ordered their tomato soup with a BLT. . Although the BLT had a lot of bacon in it (Sorry, not a bacon fan) their soup was amazing!. . Their prices are fairly reasonable, so if you're looking for a quick bite grab some friends and see why they're called the best sandwich place!
Really good value. The culinary "bar" is so low in Vegas that if one eats a good sandwich it's held up as excellent. Probably difficult to find a sandwich this good on the strip for this value. I was pleased with my vegan sandwich but there was ZERO soul put into the sandwich.  THis sandwich would be school food in Manhattan or in New Orleans.  THose sandwiches have soooouuuulllll.  KnowwwWhatImmmmean?
A last minute decision while Christmas shopping at Planet Hollywood we decided to grab a quick sandwich from Earl of Sandwich.  The menu looked awsome and the place was packed.  I had read some reviews on the place and thought it was worth a shot.. . I ordered the Chipotle Chickent Sandwhich.  Chicken breast pieces sandwiched between a cibotta roll with bacon, avacado and chipotle sauce.  I ordered extra sauce on the side and was sure glad I did because it was so good.  The sandwich was amazing.  I absolutely loved it except that half the sandwich had only a couple little pieces of chicken-a little lopsided I guess.  I hate when that happens.  My boyfriend got the Caribbean Chicken sandwich and it was really good too.  Too many red/green peppers for me but had great flavor and he thought it was great.. . We did share the tomato soup which came with the croutons- in it.  Soggy!  Next time I will for sure ask for those on the side.  Soup was pretty good too.. . Service was an eh.  Not too friendly and not anything special.  Good thing the food was good.  I definitely would recommend this place especially when you are looking for a quick bite with a good price-not "tourist prices". ;)
Perfect for when you have the drunk munchies! They usually have a good number of employees working so they keep the food coming out hot and keep the line moving efficiently~!!! . . My favorite sandwiches are The Full Montague & All American! Also the tomato bisque soup with croutons hits the spot perfectly and tastes even better if you dip your sandwich in it haha OH and I usually don't have a sweet tooth but the chewy oatmeal cookies are addicting ~!
the Full Montagu was good.
Im a huge fan of earl of sandwich after a night of dancing. First of all, they are super fast in making sandwiches and super affordable. I like full montage, jerk chicken, the turkey and cranberry one(forgot the name of it) and my most favorite one is hawaian chicken.
I went there with some friends and we all liked it. My wife and i had a vegetarian sandwich called a Caprese, my daughter had an italian and my friend had the Montagu. They were very inexpensive for the strip but i was hungry after my sandwich.
What better way to end a night of fist pumping and drinking than with a solid meal? A kids meal that is. . . I opted for the Grilled Cheese Sandwich and Tomatoe Soup. The guy at the register tried to talk me out of the soup and I am SO glad I didn't let him, it was my favorite part! Absolutely amazing, especially when dipping the Griled Cheese into it: YUM. . . Go here. Don't think twice.
Sandwiches are good a bit on the small size but put together with fresh and tasty ingredients.  The berry parfait was delicious too.
although there is a location opened in anahiem now in CA, i saved my first time experience for vegas. love that its 24/7 here. came around 2am and it was jammed pack with people.. . broccoli & cheddar soup - very rich and thick. but i can skip!. . the full montagu - this was delicious! the bread was soft, the insides were so filling and flavorful. roast beef, turkey, lettuce, tomatoes. i heard this was the good first try sandwich so i went for it. it did not disappoint.. . chipotle chicken - this was mouthwatering good! i had two bites from my friends sandwich. omg i wish i got some to go!. . looks like i have to make a trip to Anaheim soon.
When our long drive to Vegas led to a hankering for food, Earl of Sandwich really hit the spot.  This gem is hidden away in Planet Hollywood, past the casino floor.  . . The workers appear to be trained to handle large crowds of people.  The way the line worked was very efficient, and I liked the use of the buzzer system to speed things up.  . . The prices are reasonable for a sandwich ($5-6.50), and the combinations are creative and delicious.  I ordered the Holiday Turkey Sandwich (because why not? Tis the season!), and it tasted like a mini Thanksgiving dinner.  It was juicy, the bread was slightly crispy but still soft, I was in food heaven.  However, the sandwich was waaay smaller than I expected! Still good, but finishing it just left me craving more.
Hot Sandwiches are so good. Price is pretty good too. The line seems to be long, but it is very fast. . You come in, get in line to order, they'll give you a buzzer, you go look for a table to sit, first come first serve. . We had Full Montague, Earl's Club, Tuna Melt, Hawaiian BBQ and another one with Chicken and Avocado. They all were very good. . Will definitely come back for hot sandwich when I'm in Vegas next time
Okay, the only comparison that can be made to Quizno's here is the fact that the bread is toasted. There, the similarities stop.  Earl of Sandwich is in a different league entirely than Quizno's.. . The bread is toasted to a perfect crisp, and the two sandwiches that I tried were both amazing... the vegetarian and the California chipotle chicken.  I was skeptical about how a sandwich place could have so many positive reviews, but now I know.  I would definitely come back here if I was in Vegas, and that's saying a lot, given how many options there are in Vegas and how hard it is to navigate to a specific place in a casino.  We had lunch here, but I can see this as being an amazing 5 am option after a night of clubbing (they are open 24 hours).. . The line is looooong but it moves quickly and efficiently.. . Oh, it's also CHEAP.. at $5.99 a sandwich or $6.49 for a "special" sandwich and no need to tip since you place an order at the counter then get a pager to go pick it up when it's ready.
I've eaten here a few times now and it doesn't disappoint.. . If you see a long line, don't even worry, it moves really fast.  You order, go down the line and can pick up stuff such as chips, pudding, fruit cups, etc. and pay and get a buzzer at the other end of the counter.  . . I've tried a few sandwiches including the Caprese, the full montagu (Spelling?), and the earl's club.  They were all delicious! The caprese just hits the spot, especially if you're a cheese and tomato fan.  The full montagu was so warm and yummy, but my friend thought it was bit to cheesy for her.  The earl's club was great and the bacon (felt like) it helped with my hangover. I've also tried their mediterranean tuna salad and tomato soup with croutons! Both were amazing and hit the spot.. Definitely check this place out!
They have GREAT sandwiches! I love their holiday sandwich (Thanksgiving in a sandwich). Their Caribbean jerk chicken and chipotle chicken are two of my other faves. It's open 24 hrs! How convenient! Especially in Vegas :)
Best sandwiches eveeeeeer!. . Where else can you get a super bomb yummy sandwich at 4 in the morning? At EARLS!!!!   They also have great cobb salad and chicken noodle soups.
Came here with my family and we got the full montagu, tuna melt, chipotle chicken avocado, and Earl's club.. . My favorite by far was the tuna melt. And I don't even usually like tuna melts! It was justso flavorful and creamy mmmm. I'm drooling just thinking about it now. Second favorite was the chipotle chicken! The family loved the full montagu though. While the Earl's club was nothing special.. . Would definitely come here again!
Great sandwiches.  My daughter loved the BLT and I had the original.  I was disappointed a little on the amount of roast beef.  I expected a bigger portion.  The sandwiches were hot,  delicious and toasted to perfection.
The Caribbean Jerk Chicken was not as good as I imagined it would be, because it wasn't spicy at all! :( Perhaps it wasn't meant to be spicy...I would say the chicken itself was not jerk chicken. It tasted like regular chicken.. However, I would recommend the more original sandwiches in which they use their deli meat. . It's awesome that it's open 24 hours, and it's super cheap!
I ordered the Hawaiian sandwich. It consisted of ham and chicken with Swiss cheese. I paired it with a cup of pure black Kona coffee and it was bliss for me... . . ...at least until I realized I wished I had more meat on my sandwich.... . By the way, this place can get really busy during the daytime hours. I recommend eating there for a nice late night meal if you decided you do not want to spend the money at gourmet expensive restaurants. At that time, the workers at least bum rush by the crowd...I hope.
Gotta give props for the operation Earl of Sandwich runs. . Long lines but moves quickly and you receive your sandwich within 5 min. of ordering. One size sandwich. Stopped here twice for back-to-back meals.. . 1) Earl's Club: Meh. Filled with bacon, turkey, lettuce & tomato and sauce. I rarely find myself having to add seasoning/sauce to my food. However this was one of the times I had to add dijon mustard just to take away the somewhat blandness of the product. It pains me to say this but even a sandwich from Subway was better than this one.. . 2) Hawaiian BBQ: Better than the Earls Club, IMO. Between the melted cheese, meat, pineapple & BBQ sauce, this one's a winner. Would definitely order this one again.. . This place is great to try at least once based on all the talk. Sandwich is the perfect size when you have chips, salad, etc. I've had better sandwiches elsewhere but it was convenient due to staying @ PH.. . Main gripe: Keep a full stock of them big ass choc chip cookies. Both times I went, there were none left.
Pretty good sandwiches! . I had the Hawaiian BBQ sandwiches and the Chipotle Chicken Avocado (on two different days of course).. I was disappointed with the Hawaiian BBQ! I'm a fan of Hawaiian style anything but this one I must say I'm not a fan of. I was gypped!! I only got 2 small slices of pineapple! And then the sandwich filling only covered half of the bread!!! (See picture) Both ends of the sandwich did not have any filling at all! I was very disappointed! . But I decided to come back on the second day.. The Chipotle Chicken is tangy and spicy! I almost couldn't take it!!! But then again I'm not a fan of spicy food. The avocado made it super good tho!!!
Another overhyped spot that left me underwhelmed. I am never trusting my drunk friends again.. . That said, Earl's is no doubt the best affordable and must stop restaurant in Vegas. There are customers 24/7 (as it's open 24 hours), and lunch time can get pretty hectic. ~1pm on a saturday I waited in line around 15 minutes. The staff are very efficient though, and my sandwiches came out in a jiffy. They seem to have some sort of a very ordered assembly line going on since a rampage of a hungry crowd is anticipated during this time of day. Every single table was occupied, but it's likely you'd snag a table if you keep an eye out. Everything's fast paced here, even the diners are quick with eating and then they carry on.. . Each sandwich I ordered were $6.49. In the order from worst to best:. 1) Earl's Club: bacon, turkey, lettuce, tomato. You ordinary club sandwich. I wasn't very impressed.. 2) Chipotle Chicken and Avocado: I appreciated their generosity with the avocado. The sandwich itself reminded me of Panera's chipotle chicken panini. It was okay.. 3) The Full Montagu: roast beef, turkey, and cheese with sauce. The meat was moist and warm. I savored every bite!. 4) Tuna melt: tuna and swiss cheese. So simple yet so genius. Creamy and flavorful. It was a party in my mouth.. . I wasn't blown away like I expected myself to be, but it's definitely a must try!
Dang, I never expect to find a good cheap meal on the strip.  Usually, off strip restaurants are the ones fulfilling that category.  I believe I spent only $16 for me and my friend.  My favorites are the Full Montagu and the Hawaiian BBQ.  Now, these aren't the best sandwiches in the whole world but with that price, I can't complain.  Actually, I think they're a steal for that price.
Last day in Vegas, of course we need to check out Earl!. . First impression: LONGGGG line that moves pretty quickly, little seating area where you have to stalk people to find a seat (but I'm a great stalker so that was no problem! Hahha I kid... ) Pretty clean place!. . Sandwiches tried: . Moi= the full montagu thanks to the multiple yelp recommendation. Tis was good. Just good.. The bf= (limited edition) chipotle chicken avocado. GREAT delicious sandwich! I was doubting him because I couldn't find it on any yelp reviews... but it is because they only offer this little piece of heaven once in a while. I regret not buying another one for the ride back. The avocado and the chipotle sauce go so well together. MM MMM MMM. . Tip: have your companion get in line and get the sandwich for you while you stalk people for seats ;) It doesn't take that long to find a seat actually! Come here for some quick and affordable food, then walk to Fat Tuesday to get some alcoholic slushies to wash it all down!
quick snack, had the hawaiian bbq sandwich, was really good. try it!
If you are eating at Earl, you may be drunk.  It may be late, and you are hungry.  You may have gone to a club, you might have gambled, or maybe you just work late on the strip and are hungry.  The line will be long.  Very long.  But, they are a fine-tuned machine and will get to you very quickly.  So, don't be deterred.  It's a great sandwich, for a great price, especially considering you are on the strip.. . BUT, maybe it's the morning.  EOS has EXCELLENT breakfast sandwiches.  They are very large, and even cheaper than the lunch/dinner options.  . . Overall, don't only look to this place when it's late and you've been out all night.  It's good for anytime, but I think its breakfast gets overlooked.  For the price, it's hard to get this much food and have it actually be good.
Affordable price for a good meal. No wonder this place is so popular. Sometimes after so many meals of stuffing yourself with the buffets and nights of gorging yourself with drinks, you just need a nice, simple meal. Earl's sandwiches are there to answer your call. . . I had a seasonal sandwich with turkey and cranberry and thoroughly enjoyed it. The line is intimidating but the workers there are very quick and efficient, making the wait shorter and more bearable. Definitely a must-try for Vegas-goers.
You can guarantee that Earls will always be packed. It is a great place for a quick meal that is both affordable and will fill you up. I love the fact that their sandwiches are all hot. I usually order Cannonballs (the meatball sandwich) which is delicious. This time I ordered the Chipotle Chicken Avocado which has grilled chicken, chipotle sauce (which I substituted for ranch), avocado, cheddar cheese, bacon, and lettuce. I recommend trying this sandwich because it is only available for a limited time. . . My 4 star rating is because all of the flavors are there and the service is fast, but I have had better sandwiches. But I make it a point to eat here when I'm in Vegas. It can be hard to find a table to sit at but there is always a lot going on if you're looking to eat somewhere in the center of activity.
Stayed in Vegas for about a day and half. Ended up eating here twice. . . Positives -. - Cheap place to eat on the strip, but also delicious. - Lines are long but service is quick since they got a whole army making these sandwiches. - Open all day err day. . Negatives -. - No pastrami. - Soup was luke warm when i got it. - Could be hard finding a table to dine at
We got a couple sandwiches here during out trip for lunch, they were both pretty tasty, The bread was nice and fresh and the meats were solid as well. Overall good flavors but way too salty for the italian sub. The prices were great, about $6 each, cheap for vegas standards but also be aware the sandwiches are on the small side. I could have easily eaten two of them before getting full.
This spot on the strip has over 2,500 Yelp reviews. Good grief. Since there's no Earl of Sandwich in the Pacific NW (but happens to be in many other states), it made me that much more curious to try it.. . This location inside Planet Hollywood looks great. Even got all the Earls of Sandwich on one of the walls. Larger portrait for the actual guy responsible for creating the sandwich. I guess we can all thank him now for being such a gambling addict.. . Earl of Sandwich makes their own artisan bread, basically amounting to a buttery sandwich roll that lightly toasts in their conveyor-belt oven. Each sandwich is made and toasted to order.. . I had one of the signature sandwiches: the Full Montagu ($6.49). Juicy, tender slices of meat, mustard, lettuce, and tomato. The lettuce looked a bit wilted, not sure if that was from it going through the oven. Added some Grey Poupon just for the hell of it.. . Frankly, the sandwich was small for the amount paid. Merely a snack in my eyes.. . There are usually a couple different types of coffee, a Kona blend and a dark roast. Good coffee here, and you can help yourself for a couple bucks.. . Overall, I liked what I saw. I hope to return in the future!
Well it was a night of drinking with friends, we are at the Cosmopolitan and need some really late night (early morning really) grub. We go to the Earl and get our sandwiches, I just ordered a simple ham and cheese and it blew my socks off. If you like Subway and Quiznos then you will be disappointed in those places after going to the Earl because it is so much better.
Came here while in Vegas for the weekend. I split 2 sandwiches, The Chicken avocado, and the Full Montagu.The chicken was perfectly cooked and flavorful, the avocado was smoother and ripe, and went perfectly with the sauce. The Full Montagu was also delicious, but not as good as the (limited time) Chicken Avocado.. . Just inside the Planet Hollywood and open 24/7. It wasn't crazy when we went about 9pm on Wed, but I assume it gets packed for lunch or on the weekend. I cant wait to go back!
so i was with my fam and everyone had rave reviews one said it was the best sandwich they ever had he got the hawaiian one.. this place wasss packeddddd tho so be ready to wait in a line . its pretty cheap and casual .
I had a sandwich which I can't remember the name of.. it was like the Earl Club but with avocado. It was definitely good but nothing special. The sandwich was hot, and so the avocado was warm which was weird for me... but the line moved quick and service was fine. I would come back
On the strip AND cheap AND 24 hrs (well, I think they're closed for like 10min around midnight or so).  Anyways, I've been here many times to satisfy that late night munchy.  Today, my husband does the ordering and we end up with 4 sandwiches.  FOUR.  I don't know what he was thinking, but now I can review them for ya'll:  The full montague has beef and turkey and is quite yummy.  Wished they put more veggies on there, but that's being picky.  I always get this.  Hawaiian BBQ (we just got off the plane from HNL:) has ham and grilled chicken with pineapple.  I like the combo.  However, since this was the last one that I ate, I was unable to finish.  The caribbean jerk is good for those who like their sammies a little spicy since it has the banana peppers.  And for a limited time, they're doing a chicken pesto sammy, that's not too bad either.  It stood out a little less for me, since it didn't have the sweetness of the Hawaiian nor the spiciness of the Caribbean.  I think my fave is still the montague, but that's b/c I always prefer sliced meats to grilled chicken.. . I think a yelper mentioned that there is a coupon out there for 50% off.  Wished we had one of those tonight.  Still, prices are reasonable for about $7/sandwich.
Good stuff! I had the chicken avocado sandwich. The chicken was moist and tender despite being breast meat, and the ingredients were very tasty. The toasted bread was nice and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.. . We got here right before the lunch rush, which had a super long line that wrapped around to the mall hallway. I'd recommend showing up a bit early (11:30 unless you want to wait.
Dear Earl of Sandwich, . thank you so muchhh for being open odd hours of the night in vegas when I'm drunk and just need some food to fill me up! I can always count on you to have no lines and friendly staff who will understand my slurred speech when I order the Earl Club! Can't go wrong with this place weather you're drunk and hungry or just plain hungry. Sandwiches are good and they have a great selection.
great sandwiches however it ses to always take 1.5 or 2 of them to fill me up. so it becomes a tad pricey. However of you are just here for the taste or is easily satisfied then it's a great place tot go with friends. only downside is probably the long lines.
This was a great restaurant to go to get a quick lunch. The sandwiches looked great. I actually had a salad that was very good. Service was pretty quick considering how busy it was. When I walked by there at midnight the restaurant was actually even busier. It's probably because it's one of few restaurants where you can get something fast that's open 24 hours. I will come back here again.
This is a chain but everything tastes homemade and they use real meats, breads, and cheeses. No mystery meat here. I had the Full Montagu, which is ham, turkey, and roast beef but everything looks good. . . They're open 24 hours on the Planet Hollywood casino floor so you can always grab an affordable, quick, tasty meal even if you're clinging to those last few dollars trying to scrape to the airport.
Finally got to try Earl's and I was sober enough to remember everything.  I tried the Original sandwich and it was pretty tasty! I thought it was a little bland but nothing a little mustard can't fix. I especially liked the bread that was warm and toasty. I think for the price point, the sandwich and value delivers, especially for Las Vegas! Next time I'm definitely getting shit faced before eating here.
If your in VEGAS and want something affordable, delicious and fast this is the place to be! They have a wide selection and big portions for the price!. . If you plan on spending your money elsewhere and food is your last option then eat here everyday and you will have plenty of money left to gamble. ;). . Price for a sandwich: ~$7-8. . Tuna melt - so bomb! very flavorful. If your looking for something warm and somewhat healthy, this is the dish to get. 1/2 a sandwich already fill me up and the flavors just explode in your mouth. It doesn't have that fishy taste to it. They mixed the tuna and other additives very well and the cheese complement it.
Checked out Earl of Sandwich our first night in Vegas. I got the original and my wife got the chipotle chicken/avocado/bacon. I regret not having tried the caribbean jerk chicken sandwich but the original was good too. . . It's too bad they allow smoking everywhere inside there. I think we would have enjoyed our sandwiches a little more without having to inhale smoke while eating them.. . I was actually expecting the sandwiches to be at least a little bigger. I was still hungry after, but eventually lost my appetite after walking around the strip and getting lost and tired from walking among the crowds and crowds of people (stupid Friday nights in Vegas).
My husband and I were in Vegas and we were looking for something yummy and delicious (and nutritious).  We YELPED the nearest restaurant and found Earl of Sandwich!  Wow, was my mind and taste buds BLOWN AWAY!. . First I want to say that YES there will probably be a line when you're waiting here and the technique is to have your partner grab a table while you wait in line to order.  That's the key to getting a spot to eat! . . The wait really isn't that bad (10-15 mins) because they really do try their best to service their customers quickly.  I ordered the Mediterranean Chicken Salad (dressing on the side) both times I went here and I was not disappointed.  The tomato soup was DELICIOUS as well (although small).  . . My husband ordered the ham and Swiss sandwich (yummy) on the first visit and the Mediterranean tuna wrap the second time. He said both were delicious but was partial to the to tuna wrap because it had more of a crunch and left him filled longer.. . Overall, I LOVE THIS PLACE! Next time I'm in Vegas I will be coming here!!!
yum yum yum!   no wonder why this place is the #1 sandwich place in america!
Okay been wanting to try this place for a long time now. There's one at Disneyland but too far to drive just for a sandwich.. . Okay I love how efficient this place is run, place order then pay at cashier and order drinks then get a disk with lights, when your order is ready the disk flashes and you pick up, really cool.. . I tried the original and it was good, did it blow me away no but the bread is nice, texture good and toasted. Different than subway or quiznos. Its a nice quick meal away from the casinos high priced places. Probably  best price, under $10 for sandwich and drink.. . ******************************************************************************************. OKAY A TIP A LOT OF PEOPLE DON'T KNOW ABOUT THIS, EVEN THE CASHIER DIDNT KNOW UNTIL SHE LOOKED IT UP ON THE COMPUTER. YOU GET 15% OFF WITH YOUR TRIPLE A CARD....HOW COOL IS THAT.... . ******************************************************************************************
Trying to find this place when you aren't really ever in Planet Hollywood was a little bit hard but eventually possible. If you are looking for cheap but good food and you aren't really feeling like eating McDonalds go to Earl and check them out.. . The sandwich is quite filling and if you aren't really a big eater than I would suggest sharing it with another girlfriend. Everyone seems to like this place a lot and the line can be massive. . . If you aren't a fan of sandwiches than you might not like this place. The desserts are a little bit on the sweet side and not really my taste. . . But if you do need to eat an  your on a budget I would definitely go here and try it out, if you haven't already!
Such great sandwiches and a very convenient location next to the PH Sportsbook.. . Order the Original 1762 - the quality of the roast beef and the rest of the ingredients are simply amazing.. . I usually eat here at least once every time I'm in Vegas - one of the best deals in the city.
Wife and I did an after midnight run and can I say what a great find.  I had the BBQ Hawian and she eat the Chipotle Avacado.  Both were top notch at a great price.. . We went back a couple of days later and the wife went with the same, but I had the Ham, Egg andCheddar breakfast sandwich.  Mine came bare bread, I wish it had mayonaise (easy to add the next time) and if only they could have used a better cheese.. . We will be back!!
Oh my how I love earl! On my recent 5 day trip I ate there every single day. Breakfast sandwiches and the chipotle chicken avocado are my favorite. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because on the last day I wanted to venture out so I tried their oatmeal for breakfast because the photo of it looked delicious. However, when I got it, it definitely didn't look like oatmeal. It was super watery and looked like it hasn't been cooked. Water with stuff just floating around in it. I asked the girl if that's what it was supposed to look like and she said yes. I asked her if I could trade it for something else and after she asked me what other kind of soup I wanted, I told her I wanted a bagel. Clearly that's how watery it was if she described it as soup. They graciously gave me a bagel instead. . Ill definitely return but for sandwiches only. Stick with what I know and love.
It's located in the middle of the strip inside Planet Hollywood and have a variety of sandwiches. We had the chipotle chicken sandwich and it was delicious. This is definitely the place to go if you want something good, quick, and cheap.
Woooooooooo Earl of Sandwich!. . Love this little spot in Planet Hollywood's Miracle Shops. I've had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich as well as the Hawaiian BBQ. I wouldn't say these are the best sandwiches I've ever had (some of my friends are OBSESSED) but I definitely can't find anything to complain about. Such a tasty cheap lunch in Vegas when you're burnt on buffets and alcohol, and also a great fourth meal if your night calls for it ;)
Yummm I miss this place. I used to work at the 24-hour Starbucks inside of PH and would come here from time to time. The sandwiches are really good, but their soups are amazing. I would come anytime I wasn't feeling well to have some. Have the broccoli cheddar....YUM. My fiance and I moved to San Diego two years ago, when we came back to Vegas for a weekend, we had breakfast here both mornings. Their breakfast sandwiches are really good. It's pretty inexpensive compared to other "fast food" restaurants on the Strip. Also--it's 24 hours.
I have heard so many good things about this place and finally had a chance to come here recently. Overall, its pretty good and I know I will want to come back every so often. . . First of all, the prices are very reasonable. All of their sandwiches, salads and wraps are priced at either $5.99 or $6.49. Don't be intimidated if you see a long line. The second time I came here, the line was so long that I thought for sure it would take me at least 30 minutes to get to the register and order. But that wasn't the case because the employees did a good job at keeping the line moving. . . The food didn't quite blow me away, but it was still pretty good. Definitely better than Subway, Quiznos, etc. I have tried the Earl's Club and the Full Montagu. I felt that they were stingy with the turkey in the Club. I had maybe 2 thin slices in my sandwich. Unfortunately, you don't have a choice for your bread. It would be nice to have other options like wheat or cheese. But, the white bread was good enough - fresh and crispy on the outside. The chocolate chip cookie and brownie cream sandwich were tasty as well. Apparently the brownies here are made from Ghirardelli Chocolate! . . I usually take my order to go since all the tables are always occupied. Just an FYI - if you sign up for their eClub, you get a free sandwich on your birthday!
Pretty dang tasty sandwich. I had the original--which was simple and delicious as promised. The line moves quickly, so don't be intimidated if it looks long. I also had the brownie which was moist and sweet. I could see this place as being a regular spot especially for a late night. It's maybe a little hyped-up, but overall a good value and much better choice compared to some of the chain restaurants that are all along the strip.
Oh Earl's, I finally get to try you! My friends and I roll into Vegas around 1:45PM and check into Vdara. We're STARVING from our drive from L.A. and head over to Earl's. Two of us got the Chipotle Chicken Avocado (CCA) and our other friend ordered the Grilled Cheese from the kid's menu (she has the tiniest appetite in the world). The CCA was pretty delicious! It comes with bacon, which I'm not a huge fan of, but it provided a nice kick of salt. Not spicy enough for my liking, but the bread is SO GOOD OMG. Perfectly toasted with a nice crunch, but not too hard or chewy! My friend also really liked her Grilled Cheese. Its tiny, served on a small round bun with two kinds of cheeses.. . This location is speedy, you order and get a buzzer and they buzz you when it's ready to be picked up. Seating is a free for all, but we didn't have any problems finding a table.
Visited the Miracle Mile location in Las Vegas twice. . . My wife and I had dinner our first night - we just wanted something simple and inexpensive and the Earl provides said same.. . I ordered the Italian and was a bit surprised when it arrived warm - all the Earl 'signature' sandwiches are served panini style. As noted previously, the sandwich is about the size of a 6-inch Subway. I probably would have liked the sandwich better had the meats been cold as I was thinking more of a Hoagie style Italian. I also ordered the broccoli and cheddar soup - which was quite good.. . The next morning we had breakfast at the Earl of Sandwich - it is the only place in the Miracle Mile that opens before 7 AM - it's Vegas Baby - and my wife was attending a conference, so we needed an early breakfast. I had the egg, cheddar and bacon sandwich and my wife ordered the ham variation. Both were quite good.. . Fast service, reasonable prices and a decent sandwich makes the Earl worth a visit.
It's their bread that makes their sandwich awesome. I got the tuna~ but I'd recommend you get chicken or something else~ since tuna has nothing but tuna and cheese.
We ordered a number of sandwiches to go so that we would have lunch the following day at a conference we were attending.  We had the sad realization that many of the food options at the Rio closed at 1:00 PM!  Say what?!. . Sadly, we have no will power and could not wait. . . We started off with the Original (Roasted beef, sharp cheddar & horseradish sauce) - The horseradish was just the right amount to highlight the beef, nice subtle, but strong beef flavor, yum!. . We followed that with the Caribbean Jerk Chicken (Grilled chicken, roasted red peppers, banana peppers & spicy jerk sauce) - really nice kick to it, made it a very nice contrast with the more laid back original.. . We continued on with the Full Montagu (Roasted beef, turkey, Swiss, sharp cheddar, lettuce, tomato & mustard sauce) - this was the weakest of the 3.  I really liked it the last time, but it did not compare to the other 2 we had.. . For breakfast tomorrow?  The Hawaiian BBQ (Grilled chicken, ham, Swiss, pineapple & Hawaiian BBQ sauce).  . . And yeah, no lunch tomorrow =(
The line was fairly long, but it went fast. Don't let it deter you.. . The menu had me stuck in "decision mode" for a solid 20 minutes because they had so many delicious sounding choices (all for either $6 or $6.49, which is a great deal in Vegas).. . I eventually chose something with chicken and avocado and some other stuff (I don't really remember because I am/was probably drunk at the time).. . The sandwich was a LITTLE small, which is why I didn't give it 5 stars. Plus, the chicken tasted a little bit like those rubber cubes from Scrubway. But comparing those two, this easily blew it out of the water.. . The bread gave me an erection. Which was crazy because I for sure thought I had whiskey dick by this point. Nope.
I'm not a huge fan of sub sandwiches or sandwich shops in general but EoS hit the spot for a quick bite before a night of debauchery. The Chipotle Chicken Avocado hot sandwich was just delicious. I seriously considered coming back for seconds when we rolled back in to Planet Hollywood at 5am!
After partying all night Friday / Saturday, I woke up Sunday afternoon craving a sandwich. I've heard great things about Earl's so I decided to trek over to Planet Hollywood and check it out. When I arrived around 12pm the line had no less than 20 people AND every table was taken. The line actually moves really fast, so don't let this deter you. I was at the counter placing my order within 12 minutes flat. I literally spent my time in line scanning the menu and trying to make a decision...everything looks so freakin good!  . . Sandwich: I had the Original Earl's Club - Turkey, bacon, Swiss, sandwich sauce, lettuce & tomato. Bread is soft and crunchy and the ingredients are fresh. Most definitely better than any other chain sandwich joint. . . Soup: If you even remotely like tomato soup you MUST try Earl's! The consistency is more like a bisque and it has massive homemade croutons mixed in. Perfect cure for any hangover! . . Prices are super reasonable - my order came up to about $10...not bad for a good hearty lunch in Vegas.
Got the "chikn/ avo/ chipotle" delicious. My husband got 2 because he couldn't choose: the montagu & the original...both were good. I really enjoyed a bite of his "original"
Awesome food, great prices! I ordered the Full Montague which is a lovely hot sandwich stuffed with roast beef, turkey, cheese, lettuce, tomato and Earl's mustard. This hot sandwich is $7 and will definitely cure your late night sandwich craving. Earl of Sandwich gets you in and out quick with great prices and excellent food. The only complaint I have is I wish the sandwich was a little larger.
Earl, you have officially become one of my favorite sandwich shops.  Instead of going to the one in Anaheim, which is 10 minutes from the office, I go to the one that is 250 miles away in Planet Hollywood.  . . Great breakfast sandwiches.  The BLT, which I haven't had in over 20 years, was great.  I had two of them in two days.  The wife and child liked their ham and cheese sandwiches.  The breakfast sandwiches are only $3.99.  You cannot get a better deal for breakfast.   . . I should have gotten my coffee here instead of Starbucks and the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf where it costs over $4 for a cup of coffee.  Here at the Earl of Sandwich, it was only $1.99!   . . I'm definitely coming back!
I feel like I come here at least once every Vegas trip.. . The sandwiches are fresh and good for someone on a budget in Vegas.. . I've tried a lot of their sandwiches, like the full montagu, earl's club, etc., but I think my favorite so far would be the caribbean jerk chicken! It's tangy from the banana peppers, which I love, so if you don't like tangy foods, you might not like this sandwich. I feel like some of the sandwiches, like the full montagu, are a little too salty for my taste. . . The first time I came here, I would have given this place 4 stars just based on taste alone. But now, I'm slowly getting over it (probably because I ate it so much haha) and it wouldn't be my first choice to eat in Vegas anymore. But it still gets 4 stars because it's treated me so well in the past and the price is affordable! . . **TIP: There's usually a long line, so be prepared to wait! The line moves fairly fast though.
Full Montagu! . . Everything about this sandwich is perfection.  From the bread, to the deli meat, to the mustard, to the cheese, everything is perfect.  I'm going to make sure I stop by Earl of Sandwich each and every time I visit Las Vegas.  . . It's open 24 hours and is incredibly affordable.  The only downside is finding seating during peak hours.
I came here with my aunt and uncle.  I had the Chipotle Chicken Avocado my aunt had the All American.  I tried both and they were delicious.  I could hurt myself with sandwiches like these.  I will be back
It is a tradition almost to many people to come here and get Earl. I have not tried all the sandwiches yet. Their sandwiches are unique. The bread is what makes this sandwich for me. Hot, crisp, and not too thick. I found the Tuna to be too creamy for my taste. The Montague is the way to go! The sandwich looks tiny but it easily filled me up. I eat half each time. Best drunk food to absorb all the alcohol!
Good sandwich for a midnight run.  Recommend this place without any reservations whatsoever.  Inexpensive sandwiches that are packed with a lot of flavor.  Come here anytime of the day as I believe it is a 24-hour run establishment.
Surprisingly good food.
Who would have thought you could buy a very good $7 meal on the strip in Vegas? I certainly did not. But it is true and you can do it 24/7.. . I won't recommend any specific type of sandwich as I have never had a bad one. I have never tried their soups or desserts but they look very good as well. They have a fairly large seating area but it is very often full.. . The staff is trained well as the line moves quickly and they seem happy to serve you.. . If you are looking for a quick, very inexpensive meal on the strip-this is your place.
This place is great. For a cheap meal at any time 6am, 6pm, after a club, for breakfast etc. This is the place, only downside, pretty long line.. . Amazing sandwiches make the wait worthwile
Finally  a decent sandwich place! Reasonable prices too!! Try the "Original"....
I've finally discovered MY EARL's SANDWICH!. . Chipotle Chicken! OMG where do I even start, the chicken was so juicy and flavorful, and that chipotle sauce was amazing. I also love to add tabasco for some extra spiciness. . . Earl's overall though is also great! Service is super fast, and it's super conveniently located in the middle of the Las Vegas strip! So if you're on the go, and need a quick bite to eat this is the place.. . Warning: Gets super packed fast, and there can be a long line, especially during summer with no open tables :(
I had an extremely drunken encounter with Earl a few years ago and remember it being divine. I was finally staying at Planet Hollywood and found myself back there. . There's always a line, so don't despair. It moves fairly quickly. I think we were in and out in about 15-20 minutes. . That time gives you the perfect amount of time to read enough reviews to make you think, Tuna Melt? Really!? Of all the delicious meats they have, everyone wants to rave about the Tuna Melt? That must be a damn good tuna melt. And as you wrestle with your manhood, can I still be a man and order a tuna melt? and you wrestle with the 20 minutes of your life you're not going to get back that you stood in line to order a tuna melt, you come to one of two realizations. 1. Ain't nobody got time for that!~ (a la Sweet Brown) or 2. That must be a damn good tuna melt~ (a la Pulp Fiction). I went with the latter and was not disappointed. That was easily the best damn tuna melt I ever had. I highly recommend it. . I'll be back for a tuna melt and something more manly, but it will happen. . . My wife got the caprese and she loved it. I had a few bites and it was good, but not great. . . GO HERE. EAT. BE HAPPY.
Very good sandwiches, my wife and i ordered two diff sandwiches and a split em. Service is very fast considering the 24/7 long lines. The best part about this place is the location, it is right across the way from the PH sports book!
So a friend of mine tagged herself here last year and I thought the name was pretty catchy so I made it a goal to check it out. I've been 3 times now... Dec (2012) and March & April (2013).. . =========. LOCATION. =========. . It's located in PLANET HOLLYWOOD, right on the strip. It's kind've a mall food court type of atmosphere. Long SUBWAY type make-line, big dining area.. . . =========. THE SUBS. =========. . ~ EARL'S CLUB - Turkey, bacon, Swiss, sandwich sauce, lettuce & tomato. This was really amazing and out of the 5+ sandwiches I've tried... it was definitely the best. (5/5). . ~ CHIPOTLE CHICKEN AVOCADO - Grilled chicken, bacon, sharp cheddar, avocado, lettuce & chipotle sauce. I tried this my first time there back in December. The FULL MONTAGUE was disappointing and while sitting there I saw this had avocado, chipotle sauce and bacon... some of my favorite things. It was really good. (4/5). . ~ ITALIAN - Salami, capicola, roasted ham, mortadella, mozzarella, tomato & Italian dressing. This looks pretty simple and there's not of a "sandwich" taste since there's not many veggies... but the meats and cheese a delicious. Fattening but delicious. (4/5). . http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Gtr6DZwXXssXth-mQBiekg&userid=1pgT-Eeh-GIOlhOgHMMRZA. . ~ CHICKEN PESTO POMODORO - Grilled chicken, Swiss cheese, tomato, basil pesto and basil leaves. It was a WINTER SEASONAL limited time advertised sub when I went in April of 2013. It was pretty good. (4/5). . http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=MN3CVnevnkfo0GryLNjunQ&userid=1pgT-Eeh-GIOlhOgHMMRZA. . . ~ THE FULL MONTAGUE - Roasted beef, turkey, Swiss, sharp cheddar, lettuce, tomato & mustard sauce. According to YELP, this was their best sandwich. It was good, but just not really for me. (3/5). . ~ BROWNIE - This was pretty subpar. It was a brownie. Not good, not terrible... not worth it. (2/5). . ~ CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE -  It was pretty disgusting. Took one bite, putrid. Tried a second bite... tossed it. (1/5). . ===============. FINAL THOUGHTS. ===============. . All-in-all this place is a 3 STARS. The subs are good but only 6-inches and for $6-each... it's a bit pricey. HOWEVER it's Vegas where $6.00 is a deal... so it gets a bonus point for that. All of their sandwiches are pretty good, haven't had a bad one yet. Plus all their sandwiches are hot ones. Do I prefer SUBWAY over this place. Sure... but it's still pretty good.. . Last off stay away from the sides / snacks, they're terrible. And $6 for a 12oz bottle of Blue Moon? Walk down about 100 yards to the store that sells the souvenirs and alcohol and you can get a 22oz GIANT Blue Moon for $3.50.. . ---------------------------. *EDIT -  Next time I'm in Vegas I need to try... THE CARRIBEAN JERK CHICKEN and THE ORIGINAL 1762.
Thought this place was going to be packed when we got there and have a price hike for being on the strip. I was wrong! Prices are good, line isnt really that bad and its a good sandwich! I'll come again, and again, and again. for a quick snack when I'm cruising the strip!
Great sandwich and great price!!
Yummy- that is all. Caribbean jerk- spicy and sweet. Totally a different samich. . Earl's club- tasty. Bacon is not in strips but cut up so you get some in each bite. . One thing- its super loud.
I stayed at Planet Hollywood and this place was conveniently located at my hotel. I guess the only reason why this place is so highly reviewed is because it is the only place that I know of that is open 24/7. This place is pretty crowded in the wee mornings when people head out of the clubs. The line is long but it moves quickly. . . I went there three times when I was in Vegas for 4 days. The sandwiches are warm and toasty and very filling. I got the Full Montagu which comes with roasted beef, turkey, Swiss, sharp cheddar, lettuce, tomato & mustard sauce. It is pretty tasty and I definitely want to try their other sandwiches. One of my fave things that I got was the brownie peanut butter creme sandwich. The brownie is soft and the peanut butter goes perfectly with the chocolate goodness. I bought two more for my ride back haha.. . **TIPS**. 1) The desserts just sit there as you wait in line. I recommend the brownie peanut butter creme sandwich!. 2) Enjoy!
really good sandwiches - but what i really enjoy are there homemade desserts! (& kona coffee)
A-mazing sandwiches! I went there one night during a club-hopping break, and I loved it! I even went back to make sure it wasn't the alcohol talking. Nope, just as delicious sober as the first time.. . I have been back several times and have had several breakfast and hot sandwiches. My favorite thing is the Earl Grey Lemonade. It's half lemonade, half iced tea. So glad they have a delicious alternative to soda!. . If you go for the first time, don't get scared off by the long line. It moves really fast, and it's totally worth it!
My hotel was close to Planet Hollywood on the LV strip. If I got hungry late night or early in the morning, Earl of Sandwich was my go to spot. Earl of Sandwich was open 24 hours. I took full advantage of the late hours. I never knew about Earl of Sandwich until I visited Vegas. I ordered a variety of sandwiches off the menu doing my stay in Las Vegas(breakfast & lunch). I enjoyed every sandwich I ate at EOS. Cheap, fast, and delicious is a combination you can't beat on the LV strip. Earl of Sandwich was crowded during certain hours of the day and night. A couple of times, I had very long waits to get my sandwiches. Earl of Sandwich is good bang for your buck. If you're looking for a quality cheap sandwich in Vegas, Earl of Sandwich is a great choice. Note: Earl of Sandwich is a good choice for after the club eats. I give Earl of Sandwich a 4.5 rating.
My first ever experience with Earl was in Vegas and it was awesome! The line wasn't too bad late night after we left the club. I got the chipotle chicken with avocado, delicious! The other sandwiches my friends got were good as well (can't remember which ones). Tried getting sandwiches for lunch which I don't recommend...the line was very very long! Definitely recommend this place for a quick, delicious fix at a great price.
Great sandwich on the strip that doesn't break the bank! Great selections of sandwiches and salads. Super fresh and very yummy!
Quick place to stop for a yummy sandwich!
If you want fast & tasty food, this is the spot. I've had many of the sandwiches on the menu and haven't had one that I didn't like. Note: Be prepared to stand in line, it's a popular spot.
Went to the Marquee and must have afterwards hit up this spot. Only reason I remembered is because I woke up on the couch with a half-eaten one in my hand. And it still tasted great...
The sandwiches here are really juicy and the bread is always perfect, I really enjoyed it.  Whenever I walk by planet Hollywood I stop in and grab one Togo.  A bit pricey but what n you expect, it is on the strip.
Oh yeah!  This place is awesome!  It's open late at night too!  I tried four of their sandwiches, my favorite being "the italian.". I've also tried the tuna melt, the earl's club, and the main earl's roast beef sandwich.  They're all good.  The bread is perfectly toasted.  Reasonable price.  If you come to las vegas and are looking for a cheap meal/snack, don't miss this place!!!
Their sandwich is very fresh and delicious ... Love it
Great place for a quick bite on your party hardy vegas trip. Or if you just want a good sandwich! Not too much and not too little food. Eat it while it's fresh! Don't save it for later, won't taste as bomb!. . I recommend the hot sandwiches, all so juicy with so much flavor!. . the artisan bread they use has a nice flavor and wonderful bite to it. Not too hard where it hurts the top of your mouth but just right! yummy. . my favortie: the hawaiian bbq: sweet sweet pineapples with tangy bbq sauce and ham, yummy!. . other goodies: . the earl's club: a classic blt but still good!. the full montagu: roast beed AND turkey, mustard gives it a nice flavor with the swiss&cheddar cheese. italian: meat meat meat! and zesty yummy. . Their soups, salads, and desserts are alright too, nice add on but we mainly come here for their awesome sandwiches!. . A must try!
This is one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. Not exactly fine dining, but for the price, nothing beats an original and a bowl of tomato soup.
Earl of Sandwich was the first place I ate at with my friends when we arrived in Las Vegas. I had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken, which is grille chicken, roasted red peppers, banana peppers, and the jerk sauce. To me it's tasty and not that spicy and I liked it. It's affordable, too, compared to all the places we would eat and go to in the course of our trip! Pretty lively even that early in the morning, but expected in the city that never sleeps.
One of the best breakfast sandwiches anywhere, and price was amazingly cheap. Sandwiches are tasty and filling. Have some outside seating so you can watch the show go by in the mall. Line can be long at times.
Delicious sandwich! I had the chipotle chicken avocado and loaded potato soup! We also had the frozen lemonade , will not order it again it was suuuuuper sweet! Overall everything was good and will def be back.
Wow lines can get extremely long for tis place ! I went two times on my trip because it was just to good to pass up. Both times I gopt the chicken sandwiches the one with the hot peppers was amazing ! The other with the cheese and bacon and lettuce I did not care for the sauce. The coffee is also amazing !! I got a greek salad one time all the ingredients were just so fresh for a fast food places and very decent quality. This place is also open 24 hours in Planet Hollywod ! Food comes out really fast and the lines go pretty fast too !
been here several times always good food. service is ok.. open 24 hours.
Sandwiches, sandwiches and (yes!) more sandwiches.  Being open 24 hours is a plus, but having staff that don't stay happy 24/7 knocks it off it's perfect 5 star perch.
Great food! Will def go back.
These sandwiches are amazing. The food is so great, make a point to eat here at least once. Every time I've eaten at Earl of Sandwich it was late at night after drinking, its the best after partying food to get.
It was nostalgic when I entered this food establishment because most of the restaurants on the Vegas strip are somewhat expensive so it shocked me to stumble upon this place that had food prices close to my hometown.. . So not only were sandwich prices reasonable but the sandwiches are scrumptious as well.. . I wanted to try something different so I ended up ordering the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich which was an absolute delight. It was by far one of the best sandwiches I had eaten in a while.. . This place is going to always be on my list of food recommendations when in Vegas. Simply because the prices are reasonable and the sandwiches delicious.. . If you ever get a chance, be sure to stop by I'm pretty sure you won't be disappointed.
Awesome sandwiches...chilli fries are a little sloppy and mushy but everything else is superb.
great food , long lines :(
Love this place. Wish there were more locations in So. Cal or anywhere else I visit. I don't usually favor sandwiches but when I do, I like Earl of Sandwich :)
I work on the strip and I love Earl of Sandwich. Its a great alternative to the employee dining room and doesnt break the bank. Be prepared to wait in line as this place is usually busy but it usually doesnt take too long. Located inside the Planet Hollywood its easy to access from the strip
I'm a huge sandwich fan and I give this place a A- . So yes, try it out.
Chipotle Chicken Avocado.  Enough said.
Wasn't sure what all the fuss was about until a recent trip to Vegas. After shopping, we got sandwiches to take back to the hotel and decided to try the sandwiches here. I got the Earl's Club and it was actually really good. A pretty standard turkey club but better than most. Will def make a put stop here whenever I'm in Vegas.
I got the Hawaiian BBQ and it had grilled chicken, ham, grilled pineapple, and teriyaki sauce.. . It was pretty good! The bread was perfectly crisp and soft in all the right places! It was definitely flavorful and a little messy with the teriyaki sauce.. . I tried the frozen lemonade and I didn't like that very much, it was already hot outside and I'm slightly dehydrated and it was too sweet and too concentrated that it made me thirstier.. . Overall, I had a good experience and it lived up to the hype!
love their beef
Excellent, value-driven sandwiches. They won't kill you huge portions, but the food was fresh and tasty. Perfect for a quick meal on the go.
Solid sandwich place. Most of the subs are toasted as far as I know. They had a nice selection of flavors and varieties. I think this place is definitely better than Quiznos/Subway/Jimmy Johns/etc (though a tad more expensive than those places). . . The soup was mediocre but the salads looked good.. . All in all, a solid place to eat at and I would go again for sure.
Expectations are high when a place is closing on on 3000 overwhelmingly positive reviews.  I tried to keep my expectations in check, but a sandwich here still just tasted like a sandwich to me!. . The Full Montagu was tasty enough, right-sized, and reasonably-priced (especially given the prime location on the Strip where the Planet Hollywood Casino meets the Miracle Mile shops).  They really know what they are doing, and have a thorough understanding of the science of sandwich-making.  However, I wasn't floored by the flavor, the bread, or anything else, really.. . It's a solid choice for food (especially for Vegas-on-a-budget), but they need to do just a little more than be all-around above-average in order to earn it the coveted fifth-star.  Maybe a few more varieties of sandwiches may appeal to my tastes.  I'll definitely be back, though!
Okay okay so my last few experiences at Earl definitely improved from that first visit. . . This particular time, it was 6AM, and I was hungry for a bacon and egg sandwich. We were at MGM and it wasn't a far trek over to Planet Hollywood. I was practically in pajamas still, knowing that everyone else passing by us at this time, probably looked worse anyway cause they would have been coming home from a night of debauchery (and all that lovely things that come with that HAHA). . . No line. YES! Got a bacon, egg and cheddar on ciabatta and a coffee. . . Man that sammy was hot. Like steamy, burn your tongue hot! But It sure was good. The bacon was crunchy (ok slightly overcooked but it was still grrreeaat), fluffy egg, melty cheese, toasty ciabatta. . . Now that's much more appealing to wake up to than that girl who looked hot under strobe lights the night before I'm sure.
The Earl of Sandwich is great, one of my favorite places to grab a bite in Vegas. the Hawaiian press is one of my favorite sandwiches ( not that they're all not amazing)
Stop here every time I'm in Vegas...Yum
the sandwiches are pretty good! cant say the same  about the breakfast ones, the bacon was super tough! its a good place tho if you want something quick and fresh!
I'll keep this simple:. .  Fast. Relatively Cheap. Good. Open Late.
4 stars because its a good drunchies late in the hour. But honesty, everyone makes it out to be the best sandwich in the world... It's not THAT good.
It was Great. It was a very good sandwich and not bad price wise for being on the strip.
When you're completely drunk, you need Earl of Sandwich.. When you're up partying it up all day long, you need Earl of Sandwich.. When you're hungry, you need Earl of Sandwich.. . Let's be honest here, you really need Earl of Sandwich. It's to die for, it's absolutely amazing, and that chipotle chicken man............... . But the only reason why I'm giving it 4 out of 5 stars is because although it's pretty cheap, that's the downfall. It's cheap, so the lines go so far out, you're literally watching that Deal or No Deal game for 45 minutes before you can order.
I decided to drop by Earl of Sandwich for a midnight snack after watching a show.  My fiancee and I ordered the Chicken Chipotle and Full Montague.  The price is very reasonable and the sandwiches are made really fast.  The ingredients they use taste really fresh and the hot sandwiches we ordered came out nice and hot.  The service is fast and efficient like a lunch line and you seat yourself in any open seat or take it to go.  I was very pleasantly surprised how full and satisfied I was after eating my sandwich.  I will definitely be back if I get another chance.
Dem gold bricks doe! Everytime I'm in Vegas and staying at Planet Hollywood, I make sure to visit Earl of Sandwich. Very simple sandwiches, freshly baked bread, wrapped up in gold paper, making them look like gold bricks. It's open 24/7, so good place to stop by after hitting up the clubs, and right before you go back to your hotel room. Sandwiches are cheap too, around $7.
Before my boyfriend and I headed home, we passed by this location and decided to buy a sandwich for the road. There was a pretty long line, but it moved fairly fast.. . I wasn't sure of what to get, so I just ordered The Original--roast beef with sharp cheddar & creamy horseradish sauce. It turned out to be the right choice! The horseradish nicely complemented the roast beef, and the bread was nicely toasted.. . I'll be sure to stop by here again when I want some quick, tasty food without overspending.
Don't come hungry.  25 MIN wait.
I have not written a review here yet after all these years? Wow!. . I've been coming here for years on every single one of my Vegas trip. It's in the nice hip Planet Hollywood (where all the 20 year olds stay). Right across from Cosmo, next door to Paris. Great location for all your drunkards needs after Marquee or Hakka. . . The sandwiches are GREAT and delicious. I never remember what I order (sorry!) either I'm too hungry or too drunk to remember, or maybe it's not that great of a sandwich to remember? After all these years I don't think I would ever find out. Haha. The prices are decent. However, one annoying thing I need to point out is that during EDC weekend the lines were... about 30min to 45min long! I honestly don't think its worth to stay in that long of a line for this joint. I recommend going to Pink's a few doors down, NO LINE for bomb hot dogs. But I will come back here on my other Vegas trips during non busy weekends!. . I must admit that service is pretty fast. Once you order you'll get your sandwich in less than 10 minutes. They have those buzzer things to remind you when your order is ready.
I'm not much of a sandwich lover, but this place makes me love their sandwiches! It's good...hot sandwiches with great ingredients that complements each other. There's always a long line, at least every time that I go. . Located in planet Hollywood hotel, in the miracle mile shops area, across from ABC souvenir shop. . Highly recommend: All American turkey sandwich and chicken tortilla soup. . The full montagu was good, but the cranberry sauce in the all American made it all the better. I want to try the chicken chipotle next time....but I love that cranberry sauce! :) . . It's worth a try!
This is actually a tricky place to review. On the one hand the All American is hands down my favorite sandwich in town (even better than the Bobbie at Capriotti's IMO), but the other sandwiches at Earls are really lacking. So basically for the All American alone I'd give Earl 5 stars, but since that's really the only sandwich my bf and I have liked here, I'd have to drop it a 4.. . The All American is the perfect mix of tangy, savory and sweet and the bread is always perfectly toasted. I'm getting so hungry just writing this review!. . Do be prepared for a loooong wait if you go during peak or near peak times. Also if you're local, the drive, park and long walk to get to Earl is a chore and has kept us from going more often.. . I was really happy to find out that there is another location at the Palms (easier to get to), but I was thoroughly disappointed when we went. The ingredients were not as fresh and service was non-existent. It was like going to a completely different restaurant.and we wouldn't go back again.
Jesus! Staying at planet hollywood and Earl's in the same building is the worst idea! Literally had them everyday until we were tired of it! 24/7 sandwich place thats good for any meal of the day even your drunken night coming home! I think the peak period is around lunch when the line actually wraps into the mall or so. WE DISCOVERED CALL-IN! It'll definitely save you time waiting in line! . . I really enjoyed my chipolet chicken,probably my favorite but any selection you wont be disappointed at all. Its not super fulfilling but its just about right!. . Hands down i bet everyone usually comes back for more!
Excellent Sandwiches and its right next to the club!. . It's Puuuuurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrffffect!
it was the cheapest meal i ever found in the Vegas strip and it was pretty good!   After hardcore clubbing night in Vegas, I rather get a sammich than a slice of pizza!!!  If you happen to be around the hp hotel, you should def. check it out.
If you're ballin on a budget in Vegas, lost a few hundred at the casinos here and there, and your stomach is growling at you "find me some damned food now, I don't want any more of those 'free' casino drinks!" then this is the place for you my friend.. . My first Earl of Sandwich experience was in Atlantic City, and I absolutely hated it. I felt like the sandwiches were poor quality, the bread was hard and stale, and it just wasn't anything special or rave-worthy.. . Needless to say, I was very hesitant about trying it again. Surprisingly, the Vegas location is much better managed, orders are ready in a reasonable amount of time, and the food was delightfully awesome! Affordable at $7-$8, these sandwiches are very tasty, the bread and ingredients are fresh, and surely big enough to satisfy any hunger pains whether they be from normal lunch hour or post-clubbing munchies, because they're open 24/7!. . Earl of Sandwich is definitely the go-to place for an affordable and relatively quick meal. I actually really enjoyed this location, even if it reminded me of a less-glorified panera. I personally recommend the Hawaiian ;)
awesome sandwhiches...can go back any time
I didnt like it @ first but i guess i was ina bad mood. tried the Montagu sandwich, really yummy and was fun cause i had company.
I know they opened up a location in Anaheim, but for some reason, it just tastes better in Vegas! Haha.. . Earl of Sandwhich is a MUST if you're in Sin City. Great hot and cold sandwiches at affordable prices. Their Tuna Melt is a classic, but I also love their Chipotle Chicken Avocado. Their chips and cookies make great munchies too. . . My go-to dinner spot before hitting the nightclubs!
There was always a line when I walked passed and stood in it, no matter if was the afternoon or in the early morning. I had  one of the spicy chicken wraps, which was actually spicy, and fresh. I wanted a sandwich, but it was too many carbs at the time. Overall, a tasty healthy wrap for $7
2am, 2 weeks ago was when I had my first earl sandwich. My husband has had it before and purposely took us from one casino to here just to grab a bite before heading back. Line was long but moved relatively quick. Sandwich came out nicely put together and warm. Taste was good and fresh. Definitely worth a try considering husband wanted to order more and colleague (who happened to also be in vegas) texted me the next morning to make sure I had some before leaving and told me he ate there and then brought about $100 worth back for his family. Enough said.
Best feature? Open 24 hours.. . Second best feature? The Hawaiian BBQ sandwich. Perfect with a bottle of Blue Moon. And totally hits the spot at 3 am.. . I'd avoid the daytime crowds (plus there are far better lunch/dinner options on the Strip) -- but this would easily be my late-night Go-To spot.
Before my last trip to Vegas I kept hearing how great this place was so I just had to try it for myself. . It didn't disappoint really. My favorite was the yummy Hawaiian BBQ just thinking bout that one makes me hungry for one.. However the cannonball / meatball was a rough getting down and my least favorite  and left me with a stomach ache.. So between that and the fact it takes two sandwiches to fill me up that's what gives it a. 4/ 5. Can't have it all in life can ya.
Lets keep it simple: Great sandwiches, fast service, fun location. Earl will always be on our itinerary for and enjoyable, quick lunch!
This place is inside PLANET HOLLYWOOD and is OPEN 24HRS!! Prices have gone up by a dollar or so since last time I went. (used to be around 5+ it's now ~$6.49). . Had the CLUB sandwich and the FULL MONTAGUE. I thought that the club sandwich was really good. Had the right amount of meat with tasty bread. The full montague, however, I was less impressed with. I thought that the sweet mayo sauce in the sandwich didn't blend well with the rest of the sandwich. I would definitely come back and try other sandwiches.
Can we open up an Earl of Sandwich in the Bay Area? Pretty please with gravy and bacon on top?. . My boyfriend and I tried this place during one of our Vegas trips and were just blown away. I had the Holiday sandwich, which consisted of turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing and gravy. Simply divine. My boyfriend had the hawaiian sandwich, which had chicken, ham, pineapple and BBQ sauce. This was surprisingly good as well! I'm a huge sandwich fan. I always look forward to new creations. I especially get excited for the day after Thanksgiving, when I take carved turkey and stuff it in a freshly toasted french bread with avocado, jalapenos, cracked pepper and drowned in gravy. The Holiday sandwich is definitely comparable and I look forward to our next encounter...hopefully somewhere in Northern California :).
Came here yesterday and got the Earl's Club and it was so good. The only thing that I could say was wrong was the price of the sandwich but I guess that's how it goes in Vegas.
one of my favorite sandwich places however they get knocked down one star because there sandwiches are small and pricey dont wanna spend 20 on sandwiches to get full.... but other than that way to go guys
Pros. Cheap, delicious. . Cons. There may be a bit of a wait. . The Caribbean Jerk sandwich was cheap, moist, and delicious. The bun was perfectly crispy and brought a nice balance to the sandwich. A great value. I would be a regular if there was one near home. To people familiar with Potbelly's, I'd take this over Potbelly's any day of the week.
Not gonna lie... Earls is BOMBAY.. . All you have to do is take a picture of the golden wrapper, post it on Instagram or FB, and all your friends get wet & salivate!. . My two favorite things on the menu:. . Ham Sandwich for Breakfast. Tuna Melt for Lunch. . Yelp!
Really great lunch place located within Planet Hollywood.  Sandwiches are delicious and very fresh- think of it like a much (and I mean much) better high scale Panera.  Compared to other lunch places, Earl wins for their great sandwich selection and low prices.  This is my quick, go to lunch place on the strip.
Love this spot.  One of my recommendations when people come to Vegas.  Either Caps or Earls.  Done.  Get the tuna and Iced Lemonade...
I would've given the Earl 5/5 stars....HAD HIS EMPLOYEES REMEMBERED TO PAGE MY BUZZER WHEN MY ORDER WAS READY.  I sat for 30 minutes and thought the wait was normal since the place was so popular...but then I checked. My order had been ready for like 20 minutes and my chicken tortilla soup was cold! They had forgotten to buzz me and nobody thought to call out the order while it was hot. In the end, they comped my whole meal and tossed in some free mini muffins.. . Besides the pager fiasco, the sandwich was thoroughly enjoyable. I had The Earl's Club and it was quite a nicely assembled sandwich. Plus, it was pretty affordable! While I didn't get the chicken tortilla soup as I originally ordered, I got cheddar broccoli soup as a replacement. That was pretty enjoyable too. . . I'd definitely come back...but I'll remember to keep a close eye on my order next time.
Good sandwich, quick and convenient. One of the better cheap eats on the Strip!
I worked in PH, and used to get this for lunch all the time.  The bread is amazing
Convenient, cheap, fast and great for a meal on the Strip!  . . Don't expect a packed meat sandwich and a carnivore's favorite sandwich, but a sandwich that is simply good when you're hungry and want a clean meal!. . I got their Original, which was aye okay!  I love drenching my sandwiches with mustard, so I did that with the Original!  It was then bomb diggity.. . Also, this sandwich place is opened around the clock!  What a perk!
Delicious!! Always packed, and fast service, just wish they were a bit bigger ;) lol but very very delicious!!
Quickly stopped by this place to pick up a meal for my flight back home. smart choice! . . I ordered the chicken chipotle sandwich, and man it was soooo good! like so good that people sitting next to me on the plane were eying my sandwich and asking me where I got the sandwich whose aroma was making everyone hungry. . . Definitely a must have when one is in Vegas!
Fresh warm crispy bread stuffed with plenty of roast beef. This place is always packed. The sandwiches are that good. You can find it in Planet Hollywood by the Miracle Stip Mall.
Even though they opened an Earl's in OC fairly recently, I still only get it when I'm in Vegas. It's a must have for every trip!. . I typically get the holiday sandwich or the full montagu! the full montagu tastes amazing when its hot and fresh :) I also tried their soup this past weekend, and it was okay, although I'll just stick to their sandwiches! I can't really finish the whole sandwich in 1 sitting, so it's perfect that they cut it in half for us, so I can save the rest for later when I get the munchies ;)
I always stop here for lunch in Vegas. The line is worth the wait. The food is always good. Last time I was in Vegas we went twice. I had the chicken with avocado - delicious and the Italian - I think my favorite is the Italian but it's a hard decision. My husband had a fresh salad one day and it was beautiful with cranberries, chicken, cucumbers- I think it was the Cobb- he ate most of the good stuff off of it before I got a bite. I love the bread and I usually don't eat carbs- but Earl of Sandwich is worth the calories for me.
I have been craving an Italian sub and when I saw the Italian ( capicola, ham, 2x cheeses, toasty with Italian dressing) I knew that's what I was getting. It was decently priced but finding a place to sit was a challenge. Husband go the Full Montagu and he enjoyed it, though he wished it was bigger...he too is a fat kid trapped in a skinny kid's body. All in all, if you are looking for a quick sandwich it's a good place to stop!
My friend highlyyyyy recommend this place n said this is the BEST sandwich in the world. Seriously I'm not a big fan of sandwich n especially when I go Vegas......there are tonsssss of good food so I won't waste my quota on sandwich. Finally get a chance to try n it is really good. The combination of everything,,,,bread, chicken, pineapple, sauce,,,,,is just perfect! I gotta say it's a really good sandwich. Too bad it is located  in the sin city,,,,if not, I'm sure I will visit it more often. But still, it's a good choice if u need to grab a quick meal in Vegas.
Good sandwiches, but not the best.  A good, cheap alternative on the strip.  Can sometimes have a long line.  I prefer the Earl of Sandwich in Palms because there's never a line.
Delicious Sandwiches for a reasonable price, so much better than Subway!. . Always love going here and getting a quick bite.
Very good sandwiches, just a bit small.  Double the meat if you want a more manly sandwich.
I love this place 24hrs and the food is good. Good prices especially for vegas. . . I would not suggest getting the broccoli cheddar soup not that great quite watery and no flavor added. My boyfriend had the chicken tortilla soup he loved it. The look of the chicken tortilla  soup reminded me of the one chillis sells I don't eat chicken so I couldn't tell you if it taste the same but he seemed to really enjoy it.
Been back a few more times, never left less than pleased.  Their Italian sandwich is amazing, i suggest adding roasted red peppers and banana peppers if you're the type that likes a tang to ur italian sandwiches.  . . Their bread is ALWAYS so damn fresh!  The lines are always soooo long, it hurts when ur starving.  Their baked potato soup is just okay but the Mac n Cheese was delicious!  . . Expect to be a hawk for seats if you plan on eating there.  If you stay at the hotel, just take it up to ur room and pretend u ordered a $18 sandwich from room service, cuz it definitely tastes like one.
Went here in Atlantic City-Good soup! Although my boyfriend did spill hot tomato sauce from a sandwich on my brand new uggs....beware of the meatball hoagie!
A very solid sandwich to be sure. Quality ingredients, speedy service, and great value. Well worth a try if you're in Planet Hollywood.
EoS is a great spot at anytime of the day.  It's cheap, and I don't even mean for Vegas cheap.  Plus the Sandwich is filling, and the line goes by quick.  There's a lot of different kinds of sandwiches to choose from and most will cater to your tastes.. . I also have to give them Kudos because I can be a picky orderer.  Poor guys tried 3 times to make my sandwich, and finally after the 4th time, they got it right.  I didn't even know what was going on, I just thought it was taking forever to make my sandwich until I got it and they told me how tough it was.  Sorry Earl of Sandwich!
Hello yummy sandwiches! I've heard about this place from some friends and I've been meaning to try it. I have actually tried their other location back in the OC but I've been wanting to come here for so long!. . Without further ado - I would have to say that the sandwiches here are definitely better than the Anaheim location. However, sandwiches from both place are still delicious! I had the Original and the roast beef was TO DIE FOR. And the horseradish added a nice *kick* to the sandwich. I ordered a small tomato soup and it was just as good.. . My boyfriend ordered the Montagu and it tasted yummy! In my opinion, not as good as the Original, but nonetheless, still a good sandwich to eat.. . What else do I like about this place? IT'S OPEN 24/7!!!! ****
EARLS!!!!!!!!!!! You cant wander around the strip without getting a piping hot sandwich from Earls. These sandwiches are like crack....cant get enough. I dont know if its because of the bread or bc i partied so hard the night before but these sandwich are to die for. I usually get the Original - roast beef, cheddar and horseradish spread. The toasted meat with the melted cheese and the spice of the horseradish is a perfect combination of deliciousness . . Sandwiches are around 6-7$ which is a steal for eating on the strip. One sandwich usually fills me up but I usually order an extra for late night munchies after a night out. And if you didnt take my advice about ordering extra, Earls is open 24 HOURS so you can get toasted sandwiches all day!!
You have no idea how badly I wish there was an Earl of Sandwich location closer to where I live.. . These sandwiches are wildly delicious. And, it is an awesome choice to save half of the sandwich for later on in the evening, when you're returning home, drunk and starving, from the clubs. Plus, I believe this location is open all the time. But, ofcourse it is -- it's in Nevada.. . The only thing that made me sad about Earl of Sandwich was that I waited in the huge, long line through Planet Hollywood, dreaming of the Italian sandwich I was about to eat (made with salami, capicola, roasted ham, mortadella, mozzarella, tomato and Italian dressing), only to discover that they were out of these ingredients and couldn't make me one. At the last minute, I went with the plain and simple ham 'n swiss ($6.99).. . I wasn't sad for long, though, because the service was very efficient, and the sandwich was amazing. The ham was warm, the cheese was melty, and the bread was crisp and hearty. The ham 'n swiss is simple but so, so effective.. . I fantasize often about just driving the 32 miles to Downtown Disney in Anaheim solely to reunite with Earl of Sandwich.
Yummmm. Very good sandwiches, fast service in a very busy place. I def suggest you give it a try!
First time here and the earl club and chipotle chicken are awesome! Decent size and didnt even need to get chips on the side.. . I would come here again, the line was long and moved fast and our order came out even faster!
if you're in las vegas and craving a quick bite on the strip then you must try earl's! (located in planet hollywood). . they have basically all types of sandwiches and my oh my it is absolutely delicious! i always get the chipotle chicken and it is like heaven in your mouth, i'm not even a sandwich person!. . the line is usually pretty long but it moves fast and food comes out even faster.. . i highly recommend earl's!
Best sandwiches ever! I tried The Earls Club and it was bomb! I had to wait in a long line at 4 am but it only took 10 min to get my sandwich! Would definitely recommend !
Cheap, bomb sandwiches open 24 hours a day inside Planet Hollywood!. . I've tried almost all the sandwiches on the menu and they're all great.. My current go-to is the Tuna Melt, but the most popular are the Full Montagu and Earl's Club.. They also have an excellent soup selection! Most popular is the tomato but I've taken a liking to the chicken tortilla recently.. Their salads are also always fresh and worth a try.. They've also started making wraps, which I haven't had a chance to try yet.. . The line is always long but it passes fast.. You order at the register and they give you a receipt and a buzzer (is that what those are called?) for your food. You can then pick up drinks, chips, or other small items, such as fruit cups and parfaits, on the way to the next register, where you give them your receipt and pay.. Find a table and when your food is ready, the buzzer will light up and vibrate.. Get your food and enjoy!
ALL I CAN SCREAM IS . . T O M A T O   S O U P ! ! ! . . I really like the hawaiian sandwich - its a must try - . but i love that sweet tangy taste - if you don't like sweet and tangy it is not for you.. . Earl sandwich is located in Planet Hollywood.. . It is always poppin when I pass by!. . Not sure if its something that I always have to have when I'm in Vegas but the tomato soup is very memorable.
By far one of the best sandwich places ever. I had it first in Planet Hollywood, Vegas, however I was drunk when I had it, and when you're drunk everything is good. However I did have it again sober when it opened in Downtown Disney, Needless to say it was still great. Practically every sandwich flavor is guaranteed to satisfy your taste buds. If there is a line, do not fret, their service is fast enough and the sandwich is well worth it. They have drinks and cookies and salads but what everyone is truly there for is the sandwich. If you're ever in vegas or disneyland, eating at Earl of Sandwich is a must.
Amazing Sandwiches available 24 hours. . In Vegas your are always up late and this is one of the restaurants that is open 24 hours.. Not just it is open 24 hours, but it also servers some of the best sandwiches!. I had the Earl club sandwich and it was better than the best ones I have had so far.. My friends had some different sandwiches and were equally amazed.. I would everyone going to Planet Hollywood to definitely try it.. It is in the Planet Hollywood Casino Miracle Shops area.
Inside the Planet hollywood, walked over from bellagio or cosmo when ever have craving. Can't go wrong with their best sandwich in the world combo.
I had the chicken ceasar wrap and it was large enough and fresh troughout but could have used a tad more ceasar dressing to get less dry. . . The girlfriend took a grilled sandwich with chicken, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes and . a chipotle dressing that was a couple of steps up from my wrap. . Fresh chicken and nice hot loaf and a great chipotlemayo style sauce with a little kick to it. . This is what i would have the next time!. . Coffee was a bit bland (like most coffee in the U.S) even though we choose the strong blend but not the worst ive had. . . Prices are a bit higher then the average Subway but also a little bit better in my opionon.
Open real late! delicious sandwiches!
Very good. Always grab one when in PH!
Earl of Sandwich makes some of the best sandwiches you will ever eat in your entire life. They are consistent and decently priced when its not busy, but if you go near a lunch rush, the quality will go down a bit. This location isn't nearly as good as others I have visited around the US, but when you want something hot that doesn't cost $40 for lunch around the trip, this is your place. . . My favorite? #1 and the earl grey iced tea lemonade. DELICIOUS.
a rock solid, quick, inexpensive sandwich.  if you like hot sandwiches, you will like the Earl!
Great, relatively cheap hot sandwiches on the LV Strip.  It's tucked inside the Planet Hollywood mall shopping thing.  Not hard to find.. . I did wait in line around 1pm for about 10 minutes.  I also have been there at 11:30am with no line.  Either way, the line goes quick.  Sandwiches are not customizable much, as this is not Subway or Quizno's.  Just a heads-up.. . I've had the Thanksgiving turkey and the Jerk chicken sandwich.  Both absolutely delicious.  I found the the Jerk chicken exceptional.  Both are served up warm after being toasted.  Also, they aren't HUGE sandwiches--about 7 inches long.  Although I practically inhaled both of my sandwiches (I was hungry), I washed them down with several refills of their very tasty Earl's Lemonade, which has earl grey tea in it--kinda like their version of the old Arnold Palmer.  . . The desserts look very tempting, especially the vanilla bean cupcake.  Haven't tried one of those yet.  With drink, my bill was just north of $9.  Fair enough for an excellent sandwich.  I'll come back without hesitation.
After hearing alot about this place, I finally was able to try it when I went to Vegas. . . I had the Earl's Club sandwich & ordered the tomato soup. The tomato soup hit the spot and it had pieces of bread inside too. The Earl's Club was on point. The sauce was good too. Next time I'll try something different but I'll be sticking with the tomato soup but going to get a regular size cause the small wasnt filling enough. . . It's located in Planet Hollywood and quite a walk, but worth it. And it's open 24 hours, good move!
Make sure your phone has a good charge for the wait in line, but the sandwiches are pretty on point.
Decided to head down to the strip and deal with the crowds. Luckily it wasn't too crazy and the line moved pretty quickly. The wife and I decided to order 3 sandwiches to share. All 3 were really great sandwiches...the bread is amazing and I thought they portioned everything just right. It's not hard to eat a sandwich and ahalf but for food on the strip, the pricing is on point. . . The Full Montagu - I believe this is one of their staple sandwiches and that's for good reason. The turkey and roast beef are both tender and on their own, have great flavor. This sandwich came out with the perfect temp and both cheeses (aged swiss/sharp cheddar) were melted perfectly. They also add a killer mustard sauce which just made it even better.. . Chipotle Chicken Avocado - My wife's favorite of the 3. Large chunks of juicy chicken, a good amount of bacon and compared to most other sandwich joints, huge pieces of avocado. The chipotle sauce had great flavor and didn't overpower the sandwich which I really liked.. . The Italian - This was our least favorite of the 3 but still a good sandwich. The flavor was great but they put way too much Italian dressing on it. My favorite part was the cheese, I am a cheese lover and they put huge slices of fresh mozzarella on here...amazing!. . The bread was exactly the same on all 3 and it's definitely up their in the top for sandwich joints. It tastes fresh baked and it has perfect texture. It's a bit like ciabatta but without the crisp outside. Chewy all the way through, taste good and super soft. Just excellent bread!. . We also had some sides...potato salad and a fruit cup. The potato salad was ok and the fruit was fresh but neither stood out except for the prices. They give you very small prepackaged cups of the sides and they cost $2.49 each. I wish I had tried the mac n cheese that everyone seems to rave about.. . Was this the best sandwich I ever ate? No...but they were definitely on the top and deserve every bit of the thousands of positive reviews they get. They do have quite a small seating area and I'm usually not big on going down to the strip just to eat, but I wouldn't hesitate going back for more. In my opinion, PH has some of the best spots for food on the strip and Earl's is one of them.
Been there twice.. Very good sandwiches and reasonably priced in a casino.. Impressed with the speedy service, even though there is always a line.. Wishes there are more of them in Las Vegas.. Only 2 locations - inside Planet Hollywood and Palm Casino.
The service was fast and the food was good.  However, I was expecting exceptional food as the ratings are so high.  It was a good place for a sandwich spot to sit either in the casino or mall.
I was pleasantly surprised here. The Mac and cheese was very flavorful and the portion was appropriate for the price (but it's not really a side dish!). The jerk chicken sandwich, was good but not at all spicy (a little tobasco fixed that) but the chicken was juicy and the banana pepper added a little bite. Great bread/content ratio.. Good value. Great taste.
We always make it a point to go to Earl of Sandwich when we visit Las Vegas. Right on the strip by the Miracle Mile section of Planet Hollywood and is open all night. I always order the Full Montague and something else and while the something else is usually only decent, the Full Montague never disappoints. Definitely ideal after those drunken Vegas nights when you're ready to hit the sack but need a quick bite before going to bed. The only bad thing is they have the tendency to get real packed. I've seen the line reach all the way out to the main walkway where you enter from outside. As long as you avoid the rush you'll usually get your food within 10 minutes of ordering.
They don't have the BEST sandwich you'll ever eat, but its definitely up there!  compared to maybe SF's Ike's if you're from the bay area. (hence the 4 stars) . But the quality of the ingredients is definitely fresh. Probably would be since they're so popular and have to restock quite often. Its great for eating there or to go since they have enough seating. Even their cookies are delightful! Particularly chocolate chip (:. Have been to this place at least once every Vegas trip and will probably continue to do so in the future. Ideal for a good snack I would say!
Popular spot with good food. The sandwiches are tasty and the sides were nice. The bread was really fresh and flavorful.  If you are looking for a good value on the Vegas Strip, this is it.
Another popular and raved about sandwich joint I've heard so much about. And after seeing my gf's always post pictures of their sandwiches I had to try it out. But couldn't soak up the whole experience since I had a protein bar an hour before and was trying to avoid eating heavy since were going to go clubbing afterwards. Yes a very girly thing but hey, got to fit in my dress! just tried a few bites here and there. Went both friday and saturday and wanted to go back again. Something about the packaging reminded me of willy wonka's golden ticket that are hidden in the chocolate hahah. Can never get enough. Please come to LA Earl!. . _The original, roasted beef, cheddar and horseradish sauce was pretty good. I loved the horseradish sauce! It really made the sandwich stand out. Although a little too much meat for me. . _The Full Montagu, roasted beef, turkey, swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomato, and mustard sauce was one big juicy bite. Although it seemed a little too cheesy. I think either swiss or cheddar would be good but having both was a bit too rich for me. But I'm sure most like a whole lot of cheese. Luckily the small amout of lettuce and tomato helped a bit.. _Chipotle Chicken avocado, grilled chicken, bacon, cheddar, avocado, lettuce and chipotle sauce was my favorite. The chipotle sauce was great and not too overdrenched. Every bite was better and just melts in your mouth. . _Baja Chicken salad, romaine, grilled chicken, cheddar, cilantro, avocado, tomatoes, roasted corn, black beans, tortilla strips, and red wine vinaigrette was refreshing. The salad was a bit small of a portion but not bad. Nothing amazing. But good to share with a friend and half a sandwich. . . I would definitely come back and this time make sure not to eat any protein bars beforehand haha. And wear a more loose dress. Can't wait to go back and try the other sandwiches!
Cheap and delicious. A level above fast food. I had the Thai chicken wrap. The sauce was peanuts with chili for only $6 and my husband had the Italian sandwich with provolone cheese and pepperoni and other meats. Also the same price. A great place for a quick bite to eat.
Great sandwiches
I had this inside the Palms Casino... food was good. Only thing that ticked me off was the face that I had to wait 15 minutes for VIP authorization to charge it to my room???
Pretty good sandwiches lines are long though!
Always love getting a sandwich from here. Just have to look out for the long lines. The sandwich is always good but never the best I have ever had. So I am a fan and always look forward to my next sandwich.
Delicious hot sandwich, very minimal wait time.  A fast food restaurant setup and price with actual food that is fresh.  Had the Earl club and my wife the Caribbean jerk both flavourful and huge portion.  He clam chowder was nice and thick needed more salt.  Would definitely be going back and recommend to my friends.
We had a quick meal at the one in Planet Hollywood.  It was a good sandwich at a "normal" price.  So many places in Vegas are overpriced for what you get,  it was quick and not "greasy" as some places can be.
The sandwiches are very good but I wonder about all the 5 star reviews.  It is just a sandwich and cannot say it is the best ever!  They were very good, and the best is that they are open all night.  This is Las Vegas so at some point you will crave a good sandwich.  For the price and food, this is probably the best place around for that!
Delicious! the original with no horseradish and a side of tomato soup! cant beat it, and i love their croutons in the soup. Line is usually a mile long but its worth the wait.
Wandering around on the strip one afternoon gambling and drinking, decided we wanted a quick bite and happened up Earl of Sandwich. Great made to order hot subs fast! I went with the turkey club and did it hit the spot, yum. I will definetly go back, it was a delicious sandwich.
This place is fantastic.  Always open, centrally located and full of delicious sandwiches.  Can't say anything that hasn't been said already, I'd recommend this place to anyone wanting a good cheap meal.
If you are looking for a cheap and fairly healthy meal it cannot be beat.. . I had the holiday Turkey, and it was very, very good.. . Do not pass this place up if it is near lunchtime.
Big Fan of the Sandwiches here.. . Judging from my Vegas Pictures, the sandwich and I had an amazing time. I had the Tuna Melt and the ratio of mayo-tuna-bread was perfect. . Judging from my reciept, I think I had two of them. . This is a staple of my vegas diet.
This is by far the best value on the strip! It costs less than $7 for a good-sized sandwich. The hubs had the Italian which was really good, and the parents had the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich which they both enjoyed. I had the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich which was average, but was good enough for me. . . This spot was hard to find initially, as I thought it was inside Planet Hollywood. You can get to it from there (near the Pleasure Pit table games), but it is much easier to access through the Miracle Mile Shops mall. Enjoy!
bricks of gold, all flavors are good!
Took me awhile to find this place. I had to go through the Miracle Mile walkpass all the hot ladies in the Pleasure Pit. Anyways, that's another review.... . I've been eating at Lee's Sandwiches all trip and I was told about Earl of Sandwich and I'm so glad I took my friends recommendation! I had the Chipotle chicken avocado which was delicious! I don't care too much for sub sandwiches but Earl's is really good! I will definitely be back to try some of their other subs.
One of the hard things about being on the Strip is finding good, quick food.  There are definitely a lot of fast food restaurants but not necessarily the quality fast food that you could get at a place like Frontera.  However, this answers that need.  It is a great sandwich, at a good price, and delivered very quickly.  The portions are generous, the soup is tasty, and the service friendly.  If you're looking for a quick and tasty bite, this is it.
Wish I could give 4.5 stars. Love their tuna melt. Would go here over Sugar Factory any day of the week. Sugar factory restaurant suck. Earl of Sandwich is excellent.
Great sandwiches. This was our last stop before leaving Vegas and it was a great one. Can't recommend it enough. We just discovered they have one in Downtown Disney and we can't wait to go!
I am not really a tuna melt person- but after reading  the reviews for this place, I decided to get out of my comfort zone and go with the tuna melt.  Great decision!!  The bread was delicious and the tuna was very tasty.   I like Firehouse subs and this one will be at the top of my faves.
Earns a spot as one of the best sandwich places in Vegas.  Wished it wasn't so hard to get to so for that honor I give it to Capriotti's
They had very good sandwiches.  I had the BLT and was surprised at how delicious it was.
From what I can remember - I got the club sandwich and it was bomb. I wish I would've seen if they had cream cheese to add to it, because that would've made this 4 star sandwich a 5 star. Maybe next time I'll go when i'm sober and it's not 7:30am!
Totally a fan of this place. It's also slightly better than the Earl of Sandwhich at the Downtown Disney location in Anaheim for some reason. I've eaten at both locations several time already now. The only thing that bugs me about this place is the line. The line is pretty long and it can take awhile for you to get your order. And the last time I went here, they ran out of potato salad, which is my absolute favorite side here!! I was totally bummed out about that. Regardless, I still highly recommend this place.
Sandwich was tasty and service was good.  I would go back.
I'm such a fan of Earl's freshmade sandwiches. They're inexpensive compared to other places in Vegas, quick, and opened late after your clubbing adventures or whatnot. I really like the chipotle chicken avocado but you can't really go wrong with anything on the menu. They also have specials every so often which are only during a certain holiday but usually super delicious! I had their pesto chicken once during a trip in January and it was memorable ^_^ Definitely always stop by when I'm in Vegas. Worth visiting!
Great sandwiches! Open late! . . I've been here a couple of times.  One time had to skip though because the line was five times as long as I had ever seen it.  But the sandwiches are totally worth it.  I got the Chipotle Chicken Avocado and it was amazing.  Ate half of it later and it was still good and flavorful.  . . After a late night, we called to see if they deliver. Sadly no.. they don't.
Great place to eat any time of day. My husband ate the Caribbean Jerk Chicken at least 3 times during our stay. I had one of the chicken wraps (only complaint was that I wish the chicken had been warm/hot) and a breakfast sandwich - all really good. Highly recommended if you're staying (or playing) at Planet Hollywood!
Too much meat!
Good "fast food" sandwich shop. I've been here probably 10+ times and wasn't as wowed this trip to Vegas as I have been the last few but still a good bite and pretty quick (as long as the line isn't insane). . . I've never had a sandwich I didn't like, though I'd say I could leave the salads I've tried there.
First time trying their sandwiches. Ordered the Earl's Club and loved it. :) I'll be sure to visit the one in Anaheim since its closer to home. Wait time was a little long, but everything in Vegas has a wait.
Yelp led me here.  Thank you Yelp.   This place is great.  Good food, good price and very convenient.  Upon my first visit, I tried the Chipotle Chicken Avocado and it was fantastic!  The second day I came here I got the Holiday Turkey.  While the Holiday Turkey was good it just didn't satisfy me like the Chicken Avocado did.  I would definitely recommend this place and will be visiting here again.
Great place for a quick bite at a reasonable price. Very fast service too!
Love Earl's! I swear, I think my friends and I stay at PH just so we can have easy access to this place. The sandwiches are pretty much as good as sandwiches get. The bread is perfect to hold together all that deliciousness. I've had the Earl's club, tuna melt, caribbean jerk chicken, BBQ chicken salad, and turkey chili. All are highly recommended, but you really can't go wrong with any of the food here. Next time, I am looking forward to trying some of their baked goodies!
You place your order and get a buzzer. Then you pay. Service is pretty quick even when it looks packed.. . I usually order The Original which is roast beef, cheddar cheese and horseradish sauce. I'm actually not a fan of horseradish, but I really don't mind it being in this sandwich.. . It's open 24/7 so it is an alternative to Lee's or pho after a fantastic drunken night of debauchery!
Good Sandwiches ...... good prices can't wait to go back!
This place is great when you are looking for a "simple" with sophisticated flavors.
So good, and like most people say, it's super affordable for Vegas. . . I ordered the turkey with cranberry and gravy and it tasted just like Thanksgiving. Also, the sandwiches are cut in half, so pretty easy to share and split, if need be.. . The lemonade icee tho was ridiculous. It tasted like a lemon warhead and was crazy sour. I almost was unable to handle it given how god damn sour that drink was.. . The line moves quick, and don't worry about getting a table, because people are always finishing up. But definitely on my list of places to go next time I'm in town.
Chipotle Jerk Chicken - DOOOO IT. . Inexpensive compared to the other food places in Vegas (for tourists I suppose). The line moves relatively quick. Seating is SOMETIMES limited during rush hours. Half a sandwich will do you good. Do it yourself soda machine. BRICKS OF GOLD.
Never thought this would happen but I've discovered a couple sandwiches from Earl of Sandwich that I wasn't too crazy about!  Don't get me wrong -- I still love the quality of the Tuna Melt which I always order, and then I get another sandwich that I save for later or take back to my man.  So far, a huuuge thumbs up for the chipotle chicken avocado and the Earl Club.  However, the Hawaiian BBQ and BLT were kind of a disappointment.  I only ate half of each.  The bacon was too thick on the BLT and for some reason smelled like peanut butter.  There's still so many more sandwiches for me to try though, so I'll definitely keep coming back when I go back to Vegas. . . Service is still as quick as ever so don't be intimidated by a long line.  If ordering soup, check to make sure you got the right one!  They gave my friend the wrong soup and she didn't realize til we got back to our hotel room.
They have damn good sandwiches. I really love their Earl Grey Lemonade. It is very good with a nice mild flavor. The last time I was there they had stopped making my favorite sandwich which was the turkey, dressing and cranberry. I consider this a good thing because the sandwich was so good I would drive the 30 miles from my house and fight the Strip just to get one.
This place is a great sandwich spot that is open 24 hrs. Good for a late night snack or if your in the mood for good, quick lunch. They use fresh products and have great salads as well.
I tried the earl of sandwich sammich! It was wrapped in a gold foil. It felt like I was unwrapping a gold brick due to the hefty weight of it! The sandwich was well made and very delicious. I wish they had some jalapeno peppers to add to the sandwich's, They usually have a LONG line but they are very efficient and it moves quickly.
a MUST GO every time i visit Vegas. I'm not sure why, but i like this location more than others.. even though the line is EXTREMELY LONG. this place is open 24 hours and there is always at least a small line at every hour.... . Ive only gotten the hot sandwiches here and theyre the best. Ive tried the Full Montagu with avocado in it. Its a pretty amazing sandwich but i tried my friend's Chipotle Chicken Avocado and i like that even better! They dont skimp on anything either. They packed on the avocado in my Full Montagu to the point where it was falling off the sandwich. Each sandwich can fill me up with only half so saving the rest for later is a good idea too (: . . only downside is how small the little cafe is. There is barely any places to sit and eat. and i wish they opened up and other register. The line is ridiculous... But it goes by alright -- no fast, but not slow either. But then again you could probably try out the casino while a diligent but great friend waits in line for you hahaha
If you don't want to get in a long line for buffet, but don't know what else you should get of a "must try" when you're in vegas, THIS IS THE PLACE.. . Their signature hot sandwiches are delicious. The bread is crunchy on the outside but soft inside; meat are very juicy and tender. High light, horseradish sauce! YUM!. . The waiting is bearable; there's ALWAYS a line, BUT their serve in a very fast pace, so you actually dont even wait for a long time. . . I'm going to vegas this weekend, and I CANT wait to have a bite of this in my mouth! nom nom nom :D
Good sandwiches but seem a bit thrown together.   Loud background noise caused cashier to hear 2 of the 3 sandwiches, ask to have order repeated..  3 for about $30 bucks.   FYI its located at the PH to mall entrance, across from the sports book,   Google maps shows the Earl of Sandwich at the front of the casino which its not.. Patrons of Planet Hollywood are solid 1* type people.
I've been here a couple times and will always return.. . Line waits are usually never that long.. . I always get the Italian sandwich, no cheese. Super good, but you must eat right away or the dressing will make it a little soggy.. Their Mac salad is ok. The pasta salad is kind of bland. I wouldn't recommend things from the cold case in front for these reasons. . . Deducting a star because my sister said her prime rib sandwich was dry and they over charged us for the pasta salad.
Great place to go if you want a relatively cheap, but good and filling bite to eat on the strip. Will likely drunkedly stumble to this place many times again in the future.
Man I prefer this Earl of Sandwich than the one situated inside Downtown Disney. . . They just make their sandwiches better! Yay!. . Definitely check this place out when you are in Vegas! :)
3 words - chipotle chicken sandwich!!!!
Saw a lot of people like to come here when they're in Vegas. Had to see what the hype was about. . . I signed up and got a coupon for a free sandwich for the hubs' birthday. Yay for free stuff! He got the Full Monague and I for the Chipotle Chicken Avocado. We share the tomato bisque soup. Um, in my opinion, this wasn't spectacular food. I'm not a hot sandwich lover so maybe that's my problem. It was decent food. Better than going to a Subway or McD's. It's convenient cheap food. I did love the soup though! . . I'd say you should bookmark this place as a back up for if you're hungry and need cheap eats. . . I also came by again for some coffee and their free wifi. The coffee is alright but if you come at a bad time it might be bad. You should wait for when they just refill the carafes. . . Oh yes, FREE WIFI.. . Located in the Miracle Mile Shops mall.
Tuna melt add tomatoes and there you have the best tuna melt ever! Ate here twice on my trip to Vegas and still want more. My boyfriend ordered the holiday turkey and devoured it. The stuffing inside the sandwich was a little weird to me but he liked it. Wish they had an Earls in NorCal!
I have to admit ,  the sandwich here taste really good .. I got a coupon for a free sandwich for my birthday . we tried the full Montague  and it was delicious.. I think this place is a little expensive for what you get  . maybe they could open up other locations outside the casinos and make it a little cheaper   :)
A great place to eat for cheap on the strip.  Especially if you are on a budget so you can have more money for the penny slots. Sandwiches aren't overly big but could be shared. Bread is tasty and soups are good :)
Holy benoly! This is the place of sandmiches!!. . I recommend getting the tomato soup with your choice of sandmich.. . Also. be prepared for long lines.. . but its worth the wait!
Essentially this place is a high end Quizno's.  Fresh made bread is the best part of this place.  Perfectly toasted bread that is soft, flavorful and chewy yet doesn't cut the roof of your mouth!. . The only complaint that I have about this place is the filler (meat) to bread ratio.  However they still manage to maintain full flavors in every bite.  And not to mention being able to get a meal on the strip in a major hotel & casino (Planet Hollywood) for under $10 is rather incredible.  . I wouldn't recommend the mac & cheese either - it's pretty much Kraft Mac & Cheese with extra cheese (not terrible just not worth $4).
I'm not a fan of any type of sandwich but the Earl is very tasty.  Cheap eats 24 hours a day.  The breakfast sandwiches are also really good and cheap.  Non breakfast, my favourite is the hawaiin.  Great soups also.. Walk or stumble in and you will get a really good cheap eat.
Main thing is that it's open 24/7. They make the sandwich pretty fresh, well the bread at least is warm and toasty once you bite into it. I like the Caribbean Jerk chicken the most. Some of the usual/popular sammies I thought were just ok (ie. Montagu & Chicken Avocado). There's definitely a line out here after clubbing hours! So be prepared to wait like 20 mins sometimes.
Their food is super tasty! I recommend the chicken chipotle avocado ! Lines look long but go by pretty quick & the food is amazingly cheap for the quality.
Cannot believe didnot write a review for this place. . Located inside the Planet Hollywood and its open 24/7.. Great place to go to when you have the munchies while your. . Recommendations. -Full Montagu..Beef and turkey..Its a very tasty sandwich .. -Holiday Turkey..Wow it taste like a turkey plate with stuffing, turkey and cranberry. Very good if you like turkey.. . -Original...Just Ok..Its beef sandwich and it was nothing special.. . Usually stick to either Full Montagu or Holiday Turkey.. All sandwiches are under $7 so what a deal!!!. . They also have salads and soups.. . Line moves pretty quickly so donot let the long line scare you away...
(Since this is EARL of sandwich I will talk fancifully). Very pleasing sandwiches, I must say.. My associates and I ordered 3 sandwiches and a soup, along with a brownie creme sandwich and a peppermint brownie. All the sandwiches were DIVINE, though quite small. The brownies were HEAVENLY, with whole smidgins of chocolate folded into the batter. Overall, very enticing place to go.
There was a long line.  I ordered the Full Montagu, my bf got the Italian.  We both loved our sandwiches but wished we had gotten a third to split because they are small.  Try the Earl Grey Lemonade.  It's really good.
