This is definitely a 4-4.5 star hotel that is on the grand scale.  The outside of this hotel brings back memories of Venice, Italy albeit all condensed together in the "front yard."  The decor is stunning if not over the top throughout this hotel with a lot of "wow factor.". . There are gondolas that travel through the shops area with singing gondoliers and beautiful "walk-over bridges.".  One thing about this hotel is it is always packed full of people.  The Phantom of the Opera show was very nice and again draws a lot of people.  The shops are upscale but not the top designers.  The restaurants are average to fine dinning with a food court in the casino.. . The rooms set a standard in Vegas.  They are large all suite rooms featuring a sitting area with a sofa that converts to a bed.  Again, over the top Italian decor but luxurious non-the-less.  I believe the smallest rooms are 800-900 sqft and the upper floors hold rooms that can be jaw dropping.. . With all of the decor and the phenomenal club TAO it still is only a 4-4.5 star hotel next to the Wynn/Encore, Bellagio, or Caesars.
I recently stayed at the Venetian for 2 nights with some friends right after New Years and I must say it was very nice! I had found a deal for $130 a night for a luxury suite so it was a great price for such a fancy hotel.. . So we got a bit lost in the casino with all our luggage because the place is ginormous, but once we found the hallway to the front desk (which was beautiful and made me feel like I was walking in a palace), everything was right as rain.. . The lady at the front desk was very nice and helpful. She gave us our room keys and a bunch of coupons (such as free drinks to some restaurants, free admission to the LAVO nightclub, and even 2 free tickets to see Phantom of the Opera!). We also went to the concierge's table to check out other things to do during our stay. In addition to giving us some good tips and tricks, the concierge also gave us more coupons and more free tickets to nightclubs. NICE.. . The rooms themselves were very nice as well. Everything was nice and clean. The bed was huge. The extra pillows, towels, and blankets we had asked for were sent quickly. Housekeeping was also very quick, though they came a lot earlier in the morning than we expected (about 9-10am).. . As for the actual hotel itself, the casino is huge and the decor is beautiful. The Grand Canal Shoppes are also very pretty with a plethora of restaurants, from a simple food court to really nice high end places. The town square would have shows with costumed staff every hour and the echoes of the gondoliers through the shoppes made me feel like I really had stepped into Venice.. . However, some downsides:. . - none of the TV channels had any signal. My friends and I attempted to watch some TV while we were relaxing between outings and none of the channels worked. Almost all of them said "weak signal" and when they had signal, they would freeze while it searched for signal. Though I suppose if you aren't going to watch TV anyway, it wouldn't be a big deal.. . - the light switches were very inefficient. There was no master light switch so each light had to be turned on and off separately. Also, none of the switches had any type of label so we had no idea which switches did what. Some of the switches did nothing as well, which was annoying.. . Overall, I had a great experience at the Venetian. The hotel itself is beautiful and aside from the few small details that bothered me, I would recommend staying here.
I spent my days at the CES at the Venitian, and my nights at the Holiday Inn Express in North Las Veags, hows that for Yang and Yin? You can still smoke in the casino and in the hallways downstairs, which is amazing to me, but the rooms are nice in a Las Vegasy old fashioned fake elegant kind of way. I did manage to lock myself in the bathroom of the Harmon suite for a few seconds, (see photo). What's up with pocket doors and funky hardware on four star bathrooms these days?
Great hotel. I love the suite rooms because I feel like they give you more footage than other hotels on the strip. I love the theme, the design, makes everything look and feel luxurious. The bathroom was my favorite, it had a vanity section which was awesome because girls bring WAY more stuff than guys and we need the extra room. . . I also love the couches, and the fold out bed (handy for randos that crash the room). It was also great to two sections of the room, we kept all our personal belongings by the bed and chilled on the couch. It kept things orderly and no missing items. . . I love the layout of the whole hotel. Great casino, shops within your grasp, accessible to palazzo, and a WALGREENS. GOD, that walgreens have saved us many times from munchies, drunkchies, & thirst. . . umm, not a fan of TAO, but you can get to cool night clubs without exiting or going outside. Its confusing but possible.
Stayed for 4 nights (January 2011) for my companies Global Sales Conference.  The room/suite was amazing and huge, as was the bathroom, and the lounge area.  The bed was comfortable, as were the sheets, and there was absolutely no noise what-so-ever.  No waiting for hot water, it was warm as soon as you turned on the hot water faucet, which I like.. . I was stunned at how large The Venetian is; I got lost numerous times my first two days getting from one place to another during the convention.  The one thing I noticed was, no matter how lost I was, I somehow always managed to head right back to the Casino floor; I am sure that was not planned as part of the architecture.. . Other than the canned convention food my company had catered from The Venetian I ate at Tao and Lavo.  Both Tao and Lavo were good, although they were buffet style layouts, so I can't comment on actual specific meals.. . It's also a great place to have a (2000+ person) convention.
Oh my God! I spent the this past weekend in Vegas, my first visit. I loved the Venetian! Lots of food and shopping available. The rooms are beautiful and clean and quiet. As busy and crazy as the casino was, I was surprised that I never heard another sound once I entered our room for the night. Slept like a baby! The bed was comfy, the shower was nice and the room was super clean. I'd definately stay here again if  I ever find myself in Vegas again.
One of my favorite hotels to stay at in Vegas!  I love their suites! So beautifully decorated and the bathroom is HUGE! Along with two queen beds on one side, they have a nice living room area to lounge around on the other with two LCDS. Room service and housekeeping were extremely quick - they came up almost immediately after getting a request. . . The decor and design of the hotel is simply stunning. They offer a wide selection of restaurants and they have a bunch of shops to browse around. The casino area is huge and they have a great poker room here! Oh and Tao Nightclub is right inside the hotel as well - one of the top favorite clubs in Vegas next to Marquee or XS. . . We came for my girlfriend's birthday and we definitely had an amazing stay here!
I love this hotel. It is one of my favorites. I have visited here, stayed here and enjoyed here. I love the Italian theme of everything and the hotel itself is always clean and inviting. The food choices are plentiful and the casino is really big when paired with the Palazzo's.. . To some of the people complaining about them not giving offers for their Grazie Club, I seem to still be getting them and so has my relatives. Guess you must be doing something wrong. They certainly do not deserve one star for this. Just a few months back, my parents went here for a slot tournament offer they received in the their email. $100 entry fee for each person to the tournament and two nights stay was free. Sounds pretty good to me!
This casino is beautiful, inside and out. The canals are beautiful, with gondolas sweeping past the crowds, opera sounds piercing the air. Shopping is fantastic and the restaurants aim to please. Their  rooms are luxurious, even at the standard rates. I love their room bathrooms, especially the vanity area as it is actually made for comfort and convenience.
I had an opportunity to stay at the Venetian for the International Council of Air Shows. I absolutely loved this hotel.  It is so beautifully done.  I highly recommend it!  It is a bit pricey, but they literally have everything.  It is in a great location on the strip for walking around to the other hotels and casinos.  . . The room was beautiful, but not the nicest I've seen. I think the Mirage rooms are probably a bit nicer in my opinion -- The feel of being back in Italy is definitely what makes this hotel worth it!
Extravagant and over the top elegant hotel and casino that has everything under the sun you can think of.  The decor and architecture in this hotel exude opulence, so it is a great place to walk around, shop, and eat. It is connected to the Palazzo which was a lot less busy if you want to get away from the crowds. Highlights: Gregorys, Bouchon, the man-made canal.
Great location, great suites, great conference center!. . Location: Located right on the strip, The Venetian is centrally located to popular destinations such as the Wynn/Encore, Treasure Island, Fashion Mall, Caesars Palace and more! You won't run out of any activities and with the shops at the Palazzo you may not even need to leave the confines of the hotel for shopping, dining or entertainment.. . Suites: All the rooms at the Venetian are full sized suites. That means separate living/bedroom area and huge bathroom complete with marble fittings. A basic suite has 3 flat screen TV's (one for the living room, one for the bedroom and one for the bathroom...so no need to worry about fighting over the remote control! Depending on the location of your suite the views are impressive!. . Conference Center: The Venetian holds one of the largest conventions centers on the strip. Overall it's a great event space. My one only gripe is at times the air can get stuffy and dry with a weird perfume scent throughout the entire building.. . Overall the Venetian is a great place to get your party or your conference on in Vegas.
Huge rooms, nice bathrooms, great service, centrally located, and reasonably priced.  I would definitely stay here again, but maybe with more people sharing a room.  Our room had two double beds AND a pull out couch.  It also had 3 televisions, a fridge, and a DVD player.  Awesome!!
* I adore European feels hotels in Vegas.. . * I wanted to ride the Gondola, but I'm too cheap to fork my $16 for a fake Gondola ride.. . * I wished I got that Gelato. :(.
I love staying at the Venetian, so I usually do when I go to Vegas. My boyfriend sprung for a suite with a view, and it was gorgeous. The interior is beautiful and even smells fantastic--not like smoke at all. So far it's my favorite hotel in Vegas. It has so many great restaurants right in the hotel, so you don't have to deal with leaving if you didn't want to.
First time here. Have stayed at several other Strip hotels. This one had the best room.. The good - The room is large and comfortable. The property is very nice and the amenities on the property are excellent. The price was just right for this type of room.. The bad - We asked for a room close to the elevators. I'm not sure if there was an error in listening skills or a cruel joke by the front desk but we were at THE VERY END of the hallway plus only on the 10th floor. You need to be as high as possible to silence the street noise.
The rooms here are superb.  Spacious, well done -- simply beautiful.  The typical room (which we stayed in) is still a suite. It's close to twice the size of the typical Vegas hotel room, with an L-shaped coach (and 2nd full size flat screen TV) for relaxing.  Speaking of TVs, I was surprised there were actually _three_ in our room.  I'm not sure who watches that much TV in Vegas, let alone needs 3 different shows going at the same time, but hey, it's Vegas.. . The bathroom is spacious & elegant.  Lots of space for two people to get ready for a night on the town.. . Judging on the room alone, I would give them 5 stars.  So why 4?  Surprisingly, everything else at the Venetian is sub-par.  The spa is absolutely _terrible_.  (A single hottub slightly larger than a bathtub?)  Like some of the larger hotel, it's a fairly long walk to your room.  However, even the various facilities here are far from one another (e.g., a 5-10 minute walk).  I imagine a lot of it because several amenities are shared w/ Encore.
Go on a boat ride here....seriously!!
The suites in this place are monstrously spacious.  The beds are soft and comfortable.  Service is quick and customer-centered.  And the hotel is stunningly gorgeous - the decor, surprisingly subtle in a city where fantasy and reality blends and hopes are realized and dashed within smoky hazes and scents of hooker perfumes.. . Prices are a bitch.  But hey, it's Vegas.
Fantastic customer service and, I think, one of the best locations on the strip to use as homebase.  Reasonable nightly rates (especially mid-week).  Canyon Ranch Spa was also great.
Stayed here my second time in vegas and really enjoyed it. A somewhatopulent Disney world experience, The Venetians hotel rooms have some beautiful features. The bathroom makes anyone feel like royalty, with a great makeup vanity station. They have tons of craps tables, and we have always been extremely lucky at them. Really had a good experience staying here.
The Venetian Hotel! Where all their standard rooms are considered suites (Those 1 king or 2 queen bedrooms with a mini step and rail to separate the living room and bedroom creates a suite room atmosphere). The hotel has it's own world going on inside, and some great restaurants as well. Also they have their own pleasant, distinct smell in the hotel which smells nice! May I borrow some, so I can spray it around the 24 Hour fitness gym I go to?
The rooms are all nice and the entire facility is excellent in terms of what it offers.  I could see however where a guest could become "lost" in the shuffle and have a less than stellar stay. . . My advice, if you need personal attention while on travel, avoid a casino hotel.  If you are a hardcore gambler seeking luxury, stay here!
Second time staying at the Venetian and I really enjoyed my stay.  Rooms are spacious with sunken living rooms.  The bathroom is the best part of the hotel room, except for the room that we stayed in the shower leaked water onto the floor.  I love the streetmosphere experience with the replicated Italian streets, gelato stand, and gondolas running through the hotel.   Gambling at Venetian was a fun experience especially if you're winning, but the dealers take their time dealing cards and interact with guests.  Good restaurants like the Grand Lux.
This place is HUGE but awesome!  I can see how people get lost in this casino.  There are so many shops, as well as restaurants and attractions! My wife and I had a great time walking this true Paris feel atmosphere. They even have the gondola experience which is quite awesome! . Just be aware that like true Vegas style, every shop in here is high end. And be aware that you will be solicited at least 3-5 times for a time share presentation.  They will offer you free stuff, but heads up. All in all this place is awesome other than the solicitations.
This hotel quality really met my expectations, but the late night room service to getting water ( was slow) - had to call twice. The venue itself was really good, people at the front-desk and luggage checks were friendly.  We had 2 queen size beds in our room with 3 LCDs TV. With an ice sofa and a table for laptop/printer.  The washroom was filled with mirros perfect for ladies and there was a separate room inside the washroom for the toilet. The beds were Sealy and very comfortable. The location of the hotel was awesome - if you walk out basically your close to good clubbing @ Tao (connected to Venetian), shopping (The Forum Outlets) was across the street and close to other good clubbing venues. I really recommend this place. And the resort fee included free wi-fi if you choose their hotel.
Enjoyed my stay at the Venetian. Called in for early check in and was told it was a first come first serve basis, so I asked whether rooms were available (12PM) and they said yes and to come on by. Instead of going to lunch and etc after the 4 hr drive, decided to check in and relax for a tad before making it out. This was extra convenient seeing as how we could drop off our bags and not have to really worry about that situation anymore and once the car is valeted it was great to not have anything other than exploring the strip on my mind. . . The suite was nice and I enjoyed the full L shaped couch available and 3 tvs! The bathroom had his and her sinks and a nice tub with separate shower. . . Room was really clean, linens were tightly tucked in. . . Only draw backs to me are the resort fee as it doesn't seem like I ever use internet or other amenities outside of the pool at these hotels. I think I'd come back again, but only after having scoped out a few other hotels in this price range. . . Also: the front desk staff upon check in was extremely friendly and enjoyed the brief conversation of college/basketball. They also notify you all incidentals and forewarn you before they send you off, which is a nice touch. Don't move the mini bar items if you don't want to pay for them!!!! lol
I thought the room here was very nice- all of the rooms are suites so there is a living room and bedroom area.  The bathroom alone was the size of a bedroom so that was cool.  We had 2 huge TVs that we never used, a stocked mini bar, and phone in the bathroom just in case.  Bed = so comfy.  Everything is decorated with gold accents around the hotel, and the gondola area is reminiscent of Venice as well as the frescoes on the lobby ceiling.. . I wasn't overly impressed with the service or the atmosphere of the rest of the hotel. It was opulent and elegant, but was just missing something.  Upon check in, we walked aimlessly around the casino searching for the guest elevators because this place is so huge. Some direction would have been nice. Our luggage was brought to our room quickly and the bellman gave us restaurant recommendations which was nice.  It was March Madness, but the hotel was packed and smokey like all of the others, so maybe that's my problem.. . The location is AWESOME. The nightclub Tao is right in your hotel, and you get in a special line as a hotel guest.  The view from the hotel and outside is perfect, and you can walk nearly anywhere you really want to be from here.
A really nice hotel with a LOT of things going on.. . A friend of mine found a deal online for a luxury suite ($130/night). We stayed there for two, and it was for the most part enjoyable.. . Hotel Atmosphere: It's pretty =) It has shopping areas really close by, the casino is huge, and they have stuff like the Wax Museum nearby. Also, since we stayed at the hotel, we got coupons on the Gondola ride ($11ish a person) - it was great!. . Location: AWESOME. It's near everything - Palazzo, Wynn, Encore, TI, Mirage. This means that it's near all the pretty good clubs too. Yay for walking distance!. . Room: Our luxury suite was relatively spacious and nicely setup. Tv wasn't working to the best of it's ability though, and the light switches were weird and placed in odd areas. Overall, it was a spacious place with decent beds and a nice, big bathroom.. . Service: Room service is quick, workers are friendly.. . When my friend checked in they gave her a bunch of free tickets to clubs and complimentary tickets to The Phantom. They're generous here.. . Overall: I'd stay again, and I'd recommend it.
Being a local, i'm not gonna be staying at hotels very often.I comped a room at The Venetian and since i had the weekend off, decided to take advantage.I stayed in a Luxury Suite in the Venetian Tower.The room was great.Nice living room area, comfortable bed, 3 TVs(chilling in the tub and watching Mike Tyson's Greatest Hits on ESPN was awesome), epic couch, etc.I had a great view of Wynn Staff parking lot and what appeared to be the Venetian employee parking.It was free so i guess i can't really complain.Just a little disappointed I wasn't able to stand naked in front of the window and have people from the other tower or other hotel gawk at my manliness.. . The property itself is amazing, being only 2nd to Bellagio.It has a classy ambience to it.There seems to be always something going on there.A great selection of restaurants, bars and the epic Tao Nightclub.I had a free line pass and admission to Tao but i showed up around 2:45am and they weren't letting anymore people in.A great time to be walking around the casino, as you get a great view of hot chicks walking around barefoot(for those of you with foot fetishes).I was a little too inebriated to go to pool, so i will have to check that out next time.Had a great time there and would actually be willing to pay for it next time.. . Another thing worth mentioning, i ordered a pizza via in-room dining and I was told it would take about 35-40 minutes.Not true at all...it came in 20 minutes!When i opened the door I was shocked to see the clone of one of the greatest Heavyweight Mixed Martial Artists of all time, Fedor Emelianenko.the resemblance is fucking uncanny.If you are an MMA fan, make sure to order food late at night and catch a glimpse of Fedor's twin, Radek.
I have stayed at many hotels in Vegas, but wanted to try something different and had heard great things about the Venetian.  After four of us decided on the Bella Suite, we checked in on a Thursday to a beautiful, comfy roomy suite.  The check in process was easy enough, they let us check in early (around 12) and everyone was very helpful.  I do like that they check your room card before getting in the elevators, and the security is quite good.  The room itself was gorgeous.  Two queen beds, with a flat screen in both the living area and the bedroom.  The living area was sunk in with a desk, and blinds that close by remote.  The bathroom has a nice sized tub (no jets) and stand up shower.  The decor was also very pretty.  They gave us a couple of perks (none of which we used) for 2-1 drinks at the Palazzo, and 20% off dum sum, along with a VIP pass to LAVO.  The pool area was nice enough, although Tao Beach was a bit rowdy for my taste.  The location was what I enjoyed the best, being 2 miles from the airport (they  have a $6 shuttle) and being walking distance to a McDonalds (cheap breakfast!) and discount tickets.  The gambling was okay (not a huge gambler) and one of the perks was having a 24 hour Grand Lux cafe inside the hotel.  All in all it was a good stay, and the price wasn't outrageous.
AMAZING!!!. . This was my first time at the Venetian and I totally enjoyed this hotel! The room was spacious and very appealing to the eye. Only thing I didn't like--front desk said the bar in the room is very sensitive...so if you moved anything, you will be charged for it...hmmmm. . The bed was very comfy--soft sheets etc! My fave place was the bathroom tho---huge w/ mirrors/glass everywhere! love dat! I enjoyed watching TV while getting myself together.. . The location of the Venetian is one of the best--right in the middle. Walking distance to restaurants, macys, bloomys', walgreens(u always need that), and other other hotels near by.. . I went to TAO sat nite which was cool...we were hotel guests and didn't see the guest line until we were already standing on line for 15min or so---SMH! TAO is huge----music was pretty good as well. Oh, let me not forget abt the restaurant--food was GRRRRRRRRREAT! hmmmm mmmmm mmmm good.. For app--we had thai crab cakes w/ mango chili sauce--one of the best crab cakes if i may say so.. Main course--i had kun pao chicken....delicious! just the right amt spice and overal just really tasty! My boo had the red snapper--was ok...he enjoyed.. . I made it to the gym abt 3x out of the 5days I spent-- :-) gotta keep it tight peeps. Took a spin class which was really good(apparently we snuck in). I found out later when i try to take another class that it's $20 a day to register, which always gives you access to Aquanova etc....I think the classes should be complimentary! I also went to the Canyon Ranch Spa for a few hrs---recvd' a full body massage--womp womp!:-(....i felt ok after but I've had better. My masseuse(sp) needed to soak his hands in Vit E Oil for at least 2 days---can we say rough?! and his heavy breathing was a major distraction.. All the other amenities in the spa was nice and very relaxing.. . Overall--I really enjoyed myself...did just the right amt and got more than enough sleep!. . I will def be back and this hotel is highly recommended.. . Oh--I went to the Zumanity show at the NY NY hotel--Interesante...hahaha.
This review is about the Gondola Ride.. . We took our children on one of the Gondolas and had the best time.  This hotel is seriously beautiful and such a gorgeous environment to do anything in but the gondola ride was amazing. It is only 13 minutes long which is a shame as it would have been nice to have longer but we had a lovely man steering our gondola who chatted away, told us some interesting things and sang beautifully to us.  Our kids loved this experience.
It helps when work pays the bill, otherwise I would not be able to afford this hotel.. . I mean really, it's The Venetian for goodness sake.  With it's suite-like rooms, you know it's going to be pricey.  And I know, this is Vegas, I'm sure other hotels have nice rooms too, but in my experience (I've stayed at the Planet Hollywood, Bellagio, Paris, Hilton Las Vegas), the rooms here are by far the nicest.  I actually wish my apartment in Manhattan resembled it.. . With it's "living" room area separated by a few steps that elevated the bed space, you definitely felt like you were in a nice studio apartment.  The bed was big and comfy, the sheets and bathroom clean, and despite it being a 1 bedroom, the 2 televisions (one for the living room space and the other for viewing while in bed) added to that studio-like apartment feel.. . I also loved the easy access to the variety of shops connected to the Venetian.  If you're not in Vegas to gamble, then why not window shop...right?. . Oh, and for Vegas, I found the staff to be EXTREMELY helpful.  Upon my return home I immediately discovered I had left a small bag of random cables and adapters.  Well, random to your everyday folk, but to a highly technicaly connected individual like me, these random cables and adapters were everything to me.  You would think that someone would have just thrown it out, right?  But no, the good 'ol housekeeping staff turned it into the hotel lost & found/security and they were great about sending it back to me.  Of course I had to pay to get it shipped back, but what do I care.  They didn't throw it out!. . You just have to luv customer service like that.
The only reason why im giving the venetian a four instead of a five is because of those gahhh awful advertisements covering up the beautiful architecture and the poor restaurant selection. Tao night club is top notch but only when the top deck (tao beach) is open. Otherwise, tao gets wayyy tooo packed! The rooms are huge and always kept clean. I know I know that's a standard for vegas hotels but venetian is always on point with cleanliness and service! If they take down those gahhh awful posters out front then id give them a 5 star no doubt!!
Beautiful hotel and casino with a nice price tag that's comes with the room but I thinks it's worth every penny!!!!!
Stayed here for two nights in April (Fri the 8th and Sat the 9th).  This was my third stay at the Venetian and it is still my favorite hotel in Las Vegas, followed closely by the Palazzo.  As with the Palazzo, the Venetian is an all-suite hotel - clean, vibrant, busy at all hours, and houses my favorite restaurant, Tao.  We were a group of eleven ladies this trip and two suites were enough to sleep six/five to a room comfortably.. . The mini-bar is motion-sensor activated, so be careful about removing items from there...even for a few seconds.  . . If you're a guest at either the Venetian or Palazzo and want to get on the guestlist for Lavo or Tao Nightclub, just let the front desk know.  If you're having dinner at Tao Restaurant, then I recommend getting a reservation around 9pm or later.  This way, by the time you're done with dinner, the club is open and you can just walk upstairs to the club.  . . Our dinner reservation was for 10:15 but we weren't seated until 10:30pm.  However, once seated, our food came fairly quickly and we were done with dinner by 11:30pm.  Make dinner reservations as far in advance as possible since 8pm and later time slots are very popular.  If you're a party of ten or more, they'll require a credit card authorization form in order to book your reservation.. . Our rate for each room (booked via its website) was: . $199.00/per night. $19.04/per night resort fee. $23.88/per night room tax. ---------------------------------------------------.  Total Billed to each Suite = $483.84 (see pic of bill)
Booked through hotwire. Definitely one of the more high end hotels on the strip, but definitely a worth while experience. The theme imitates the luxurious feel of Venice, Italy, with a beautiful indoor mall and a little river that resembles the venice canal (where you can take a romantic stroll in the gondola). . . I've stayed in the 2 bedroom suite here. Spatious, beautiful decor, no complaints at all. Bathrooms are big, plenty of mirrors for getting ready, and huge bathtubs (great for soaking after a long night). . . Great location on the strip and also includes TAO, which a plus if you're into the clubbing scene.
Wow, what a pleasure our stay at the Venetian was.. . Did not gamble here because for table games the minimums were a bit high, but we had a beautiful room.  Spacious bathroom (why no fan in bathroom?) with tub.  Two 720p HD TVs.  Two tiered room with nice sitting area below, three chairs, desk, tables, couch (hide-a-way).. . We did not spend too much time in the room, but the hotel was massive and really impressive.  I would go back without hesitation, great location, nice staff.
One of my favorite hotels on the strip.  The food choices here are top notch, and the aroma is flowery.
Stayed here from 27-30 May, 2011. Been to Vegas a lot over the past 10 years, but first time here. Check in was nice, lots of receptions and mine was very pleasant. All the rooms are suites or mini-suites. Bed was comfy as well as the large L shaped sofa in the living area. All the drapes are remote control so that makes it feel extra ritzy. The mini-bar has weight sensors so do not even touch or pick up an item unless you intend on buying it. Pool is very nice..lots of singles and groups of singles. Next to the pools is the Tao Beach which is basically an outdoor, daytime club by the pool with a DJ. Location is great..right in the middle of the south strip. Tip: If you make reservations at the Tao Bistro for dinner then you get the hand stamp for the club.
This is the third hotel I have stayed at in Vegas and is by far my favorite. It is absolutely beautiful to look at. I thoroughly enjoyed the gondolas that go through the hotel and the guys that man them who also will serenade you. We stayed in a suite and it was, well, sweet. I am not sure how much it cost because I didn't end up paying for it but whatever it was I'm sure it was worth the money. I liked that they had people checking room keys before you could use the elevators as well. The only reason I am not giving it five stars is because we wanted to ride the gondolas but felt it was pointless because the outdoor area it would go through was closed and dried up. Its in a great location on the strip and has tons of self parking which are both always pluses. I hope next time the gondola ride is back up and running outside!
Beautiful hotel with so many things to do and see and taste and hear.  I love walking through all the shops.  It's very picturesque, just like Caesar's Palace and Forum Shops.  Not quite the same, but similar.  I feel like I'm in Italy.  You can even go on a gondola ride.  Really cool.
This review is for the casino only*. For some reason , out of all the casinos in Vegas , I love gambling here the most . I really like the ambiance and atmosphere here .
Great hotel!. . We had a total of 5 people in the room and it was comfortable for everyone. . . Pool was amazing. I would recommend to get there early because it does fill up very quickly on the weekends. . . Down sides, the hotel is so big it does take a while to get around and I felt "trapped" not having easy access toward the strip, liquor store, etc. The cab is pretty expensive from the airport, about $25. . . Other than that, I will be back here!
BEST hotel IN VEGAS!!!. . came here with 4 friends we got a suite in here it was probably the BEST VEGAS EXPERIENCE IVE EVER HAD!!!. . and i go to vegas about 3 times a  year since ive turned 21! . this place has Great SERVICE an awesome pool very classy and good restaurants in it! it's also located near the center of the strip so you have everything pretty close to you! def cominb back here and i reccomend it to EVERYONE! YOU GOTTA STAY HERE AT LEAST ONCE!!! a little pricey but worth every penny!
This hotel/casino is gorgeous, loved it. Large casino where we gambled a little. The shops oh my yes you can drop some serious cash here. Many restaurant options to choose from. The design is beyond gorgeous with the canals withgondola rides. . . We shopped here, gambled and ate at a nice restaurant. My next trip to Vegas I would stay here, the Luxor or Wynn as all three were beautiful and had so much to offer. You never even have to leave the resort there is so much to do. . . Still one of my favorite's hotel's. Service is great and the beauty is spectacular. . . The Italian dream!
Through priceline, we secured a suite from 6/14 to 6/17/2011 for $105 per night.  If booked through the Venetian website, the room would go for $179/night.  Thank you priceline!. . When we arrived, we were greeted nicely by the front desk.  Since it was a Tuesday check-in, the front desk wasn't too busy.  We were first assigned a room at the Palazzo tower, but asked if we could be in the Venezia tower.  They checked and yes, we could be in our preferred tower.  The Palazzo tower is newer though.. . We were assigned suite 27-312 and it was excellent.  We had a partial view of the Mirage Volcano.  There is free wifi in the room.  You need a password from the reception desk.  The room is very comfortable with a king bed, large bathroom (shower and tub), living area (with couches), a desk and table and chairs.  The king bed was very comfortable.  I normally have a hard time sleeping on different beds, but not this one.  I slept great all three nights.  The A/C was excellent too (a must for Vegas)!. . We checked out the pools, Tao Beach, and Azure pool.  The pools are very nice and it's always fricking hot in Vegas in the summer, so you (not me) can get a nice tan laying out.  On the way to the pool, be sure to pick up your pool towels so you can lay them on the lounge chairs.. . During our stay, I used the gym (on the 4th floor) once.  It's a very nice gym with everything you need to work out (free weights, cardio, weight machines, etc.).  The staff is there to assist if you have any questions and they have towels you can use.. . Overall, a great say at The Venetian.  If you use priceline, the hotel does add $20 to your room for a "resort" fee, so be sure to utilize the pools and gym to make use of the resort.. . Xie Xie!!
One of the most beautiful hotels I have ever stepped foot in. I didn't actually stay here..I just visted a few hours to check out the shops. What can you say? This place is amazing. It's like an old fashioned Italian district inside. With the celings that look like the sky and the little river with the gondolas going through. I loved all the renaissance style shops here too.
The real Venice is a true, unsurpassed marvel, and I've had the good fortune to visit twice. But I have to say, I loved the Vegas version. The suites at The Palazzo were new and immense (try the $20 trick upon check-in). And although the Venetian's canals were bright blue in contrast to the murky green/brown of the real deal, it was just so darned cool. . . Fake blue sky...a scaled down version of St. Mark's square...costumed actors performing Italian songs...a creepy chalk white mime dude who pretended to be a statue...high end shops...bars and restaurants galore....it was fabulous. Eating gelato and watching the canals skim the water whilst tourists were serenaded was pretty romantic. And if you've had enough of the crowds and the ding! ding! dings! of slot machines, you can regroup in the pretty peaceful gardens throughout the immense property.. . Seeing Love at the Mirage was another major highlight. I'm a huge Beatles fan, and watching Cirque du Soleil pay tribute to the Fab Four was extremely moving. And the food? Vegas is a culinary Mecca, but a sure bet is Bouchon, world-renowned chef Thomas Keller's French restaurant located in the Venetian (one word: escargots). Exploring the strip, visiting neighboring hotels such as the Bellagio and the Wynn, going to the wax museum, shopping, and just chilling made for a fabulous 3-day getaway.. . Next time I'd like to see Old Vegas and explore some off the beaten path venues, but one thing's for sure, Las Vegas is always awake and in your face with options. And when the darned flight fares go down, I am so there.
If you have an option choose the palazzo.  The rooms are newer, a little bigger, and cleaner.  The venetian rooms seemed a bit worn out and outdated.  The $20 trick got me into the palazzo even though I booked the venetian.  but I didn't want to walk back to the Palazzo so I chose to stay in the venetian.  It was alright.    For the size of the rooms, you just can't really complain all that much compared to other standard rooms along the strip at MGM, Mirage, Etc.... . If you need a 6 person room, book the Venetian/Palazzo.  if you're looking for a fancy room for 2, just book something newer like ARIA.
One of my fav hotels to visit and stay at.  After several years, The Venetian still hasn't lost its classiness.  The rooms are adorned with timeless Italian beauty and the casino is a vast floor of attraction.  The exterior captivates you and reels you into a fantasy world of elegance and beauty.
First off let me say that I'm from Hawaii and I go to vegas about twice a year.. . The Venetian...I LOVE it here.  Out of all the hotels I've stayed at, I prefer to stay here.  Granted I've never stayed at the Bellagio or the Wynn...yet.  But I have stayed at a lot of others.. . The Venetian is just beautiful.  The rooms are awesome!  It's an all suite hotel and the rooms are big.  The room has two levels with about 3 steps separating the levels.  The bathroom has a small tv in it.  There is a shower and a tub.  The curtains are automatic.  The rooms are clean.  What else is there to say.... . When you walk into the Venetian, you'll be able to smell it.  I can't put my finger on it, but its a good smell.  My friend and I LOVE eating at the Grand Lux Cafe.  They have all kinds of food.  My favorite is the carbonara.  Phantom of the Opera is a GREAT show!  . . I would of gave this hotel/casino 5 stars but it deserves 4.  Here are my reasons.. . 1)  There was 1 time where we asked for a non-smoking room and it smelled like smoke.  Almost as if someone had smoked a cigarette just before we came.. . 2)  Once in a while you'll get a room where something is broken, like a lap or the electronic curtain.  A lot of the times, the sink clogs.. . 3)  The dealers are not very friendly.  Come on dealers, smile or give me some dabs once in a while.  Geez!. . 4)  It is super duper hard to earn comps now.  A couple years ago, we would normally receive free room stays but now, nothing.. . All in all, I would prefer to stay here...BUT it is pretty darn expensive.  Now that we don't get comps, we normally stay else where.
The rooms are very luxurious, the service was awesome, and it is reasonably priced for how luxurious it was.  I will be back.
The rooms are gorgeous but the views are horrible.  Of course, who stays in the rooms at Vegas?  Anyway, I had to conduct a little business.  The 800 phone call from the landline was free and the internet was included.  I liked that aspect.  The main pool on the 4th floor was gorgeous on Thursday and Friday.  On the weekend, it was disgusting.  It was so crowded and unknown particles were floating everywhere.  I wouldn't go in.  The spa is reasonably priced $20 and full of all kinds of activities from spinning classes, yoga, rock climbing, etc.  Very lush.  The casino tables are too expensive.  However, right next door is a cheap casino called Casino Royale where you can play craps and 21 for $3 during the week and $5 on the weekend.  We had a great time gambling and most of the gamblers were staying at the Venetian or the Paris.  All in all, a great place to stay (minus the pool on weekends) and we will be staying there again.  One other complaint, the TV stations were non-existent.  I enjoy watching TV on vacation and there wasn't anything to watch.  They had very few stations and most were off-beat cable stations.  Also, check-out is archaic.  You still have to wait in line.  They should email your bill to you on the morning of checkout or slide it under the door and call it a day.
The wife and I just stayed at The Venetian for 4 days and our stay was very comfortable, and we felt like it was definitely worth the money. We did get a pretty awesome deal for $149 a night. Originally the room was supposed to cost $169 a might but they had posted a deal on Facebook and I called the Hotel Concierge and they were happy to honor the deal they had posted and tweeted about.. . All the rooms are suites with great accommodations. The staff was all very friendly and definitely demonstrated excellent customer service which I greatly appreciate.  . The pool was awesome, clean, spread out, and the staff was amazing. This is the first and only high end hotel in Vegas where they actually assisted us with finding pool chairs and offered us water. Very organized and I appreciated how attentive they are at keeping it clean and making sure everyone gets 5 star treatment.. We tried the Fusion Bar inside the casino; they have  great mixologist there, my only suggestion would be to make it more like the champagne bar that we also tried there. We tried the Taquerio Cantino Restaurant I would not recommend this restaurant at all the food was awful and did not taste fresh or like authentic Mexican food at all and the drinks were absolutely terrible. I had the Sangria which was entirely too sweet and bland as far as alcohol goes, my wife had the mojito which tasted like minute maid fruit punch. I am sure all the higher end restaurants were probably good but we thought somewhere along the middle would not be bad since it was in The Venetian... Wolf Gang Puck's Rive Cafe by the pool was fabulous and was probably the best food we had on our entire vacation. We will definitely be back to stay at The Venetian....
One of the better places I've stayed on the Vegas strip... for the price.. . - Pools are great, but crowded (as any Vegas Hotel pool).  . . . - Casino was incredibly overpriced (typical of any upscale Strip Hotel). . . - On-Site Restaurant selection was great.. . - Spa was nice (but small). . - Massage was okay (felt rushed). . - Good In-house discounts were offered. . - Destination Resort (no need to leave property)
I recently reserved a suite here for my gf and I...and I must say, our suite was really nice!! . . It was well furnished as it came with a king sized bed, 3 TVs (if you count the one in the bathroom), a long lounge sofa chair, and a a living room area complete with a round table and a 2 large sofa/couches with a small coffee table.. . The bathroom itself was large and contained a stand-in shower and also a bathtub and a large countertop containing 2 seperate sinks.. . The AC was crisp and cool and was such a relief when coming outside from the 100+ degree heat. . . The only thing that really irked me was that the stereo/alarm clock hybrid machine next to the bed did NOT have an iPod docking station!! WTH? Of all places, especially a suite at the Venetian, I would have expected them to have some kind of iPod home docking station for my iPhone or iPod so that I can play music...I actually called front desk and they told me that I could rent an iPod docking station for $35/day...I was thinking in my head ARE YOU SERIOUS? Major fail right there.. . But I suppose I could overlook that little blemish there, as the casino is easily accessible on the first floor as well as other misc restaurants and eateries. (e.g. Grand Lux Cafe, Noodle Asia, etc.). . Overall, this hotel was one of the more enjoyable hotels to stay in as they have all the modern amenities of a 5 star hotel + more!. . Did I mention TAO nightclub (whose tagline now is "always a happy ending) is at the Venetian as well? If you stay here, you get complimentary tickets to get into TAO...you don't even have to wait in line! :)
Sweet room's both senses of the word. What is not to like about a a 550 sq. ft room with a killer view of the strip andin a great location. North strip is the place to be. 10th floor Pool was very intimate and has an Italian garden feel. Restaurants were good and the casino was nice not too smokey. I notice these things because I do not gamble but you can't not walk through it so I always notice the smell. I would recommend it, hotels.com usually has a pretty deal. Great hotel for under $150 a night.
I've stayed here a million times, fitting up to 13 people at once.  All their rooms are suites which is nice, with 3 beds and 2 tubs.  The bathroom is definitely one of the most spacious out of all the hotels I've been to.. . You've got the Grand Lux Cafe to eat at, Tao Beach in the day, and Tao the club for night time.  All are spacious and happenin'.. . The Venetian is also pretty much in the middle of the strip (and everything) I feel.  The shops are great (I love how it always seems like it's daytime despite it being late at night).  The gondola rideis sappy but you can do it once in your life, and I've even tried those oxygen bars ('eh, didn't feel a difference).. . The Venetian pretty much covers all your needs (oh, and it has a casino of course.  I just try to stay away from that, unless I'm playing War.  Yeah, you heard me.  Side note: I witnessed a guy continually win at War, so much so that they had to close the table down.  It can happen).
My fiance and I were in Vegas for a business trip. The company was nice enough to put us in the venetian.. . I didnt expect a suite so when I walked in I thought I had walked into the wrong room. This room is magnificent. Great king size bed with a sunken living room that had a couch, two sitting chairs, and a nice work desk. The room boasted two flat screen TV's. In the closet hung two robes which was a nice touch. . . The bathroom was very spacious. Shower, a sperate tub, and a vanity which made my fiances week. . . All in all the room was nothing short of perfection. . . The hotel boasts a great pool area, nice casino, and many restaurants. . . The service was great. One example is that I had to dry clean my suit which they picked up at 12 midnight and had it ready and delivered to me at 8am.. . The only knock is that the hotel layout is a bit complex. One had to take two elevators to get to the room. Not a big deal but somehow everyone we knew would get lost at least once a day getting back to their room. If you coming back to the room after a few drinks you might find yourself pacing up and down hallways wondering if you are going crazy.. . If one doesnt mind paying a few extra bucks then I strongly recomend the Venetian.
An oldie but a goodie.... . I've been a fan of this hotel for some time and recently had to stay at this hotel again earlier this month for a bachelor party.  This place never fails to meet and exceed my expectations.  Although the "newness" of the hotel has faded away over the years, one thing that remains the same is the high quality service from the staff and the decor of the rooms.. . As mentioned above, we stayed here for a bachelor party.  We had 2 Rialto suite rooms.  When you go to a room w/double doors, you know that you've officially arrived in Las Vegas and are in for a good time.  As for the inside of the room itself...this rooms are freaking huge.  If we were truly trying to be asian and save some money, we probably could've fit all 10 of us in this room comfortably with room to spare.  The room came with 2 queen beds and 2 sofas (1 can be used as a pull out) on a separate level.  Bathroom is pretty standard for Vegas hotels.  Typical...glass shower, whirpool tub, dual sinks, and toilet.. . If there is one complaint I have about this hotel, its that the furniture could just a bit of renovation.  It seems a bit dated and you can see a bit of the wear and tear over the years.  Secondly, I'm not a fan of not having locks on the bathroom doors but I guess that's their theme or thing.  So that's not really a complaint as much as it is a suggestion.. . Overall, the experience was great and met all of our needs.  Everyone left that trip with nothing but a great time and good things to say about the accommodations.  Definitely would stay here again.
Very Beautiful... We stayed for eight days total which is a long time, and i can say we had any complaints. we arrived around 10am and the check in was at 3pm, but after trying to get us to upgrade to a higher floor, because supposedly they didn't have anything else available,(we were prepare to wait ) but they did find us a room with absolutely no view, except the back of another building, but after such long flight, I didn't care. This hotel really does have everything you need we hardly went anywhere else, except to see other shows. The Pallazzo hotel which is basically the same because they are connected, was beautiful, out of 5 restaurants we tried inside the hotel 4 were amazing. The suites are very spacious, the cheapest suite you can get there is really, really nice, loved the decor. The reason I don't give it the five stars is because i thought the beds weren't that comfortable and the pillows are terrible, and I really didn't feel like the Hotel staff doesn't go out of their way to make your experience special, like other big hotel I have stayed at. Places that are a must try at the Venetian hotel and Resort: . * Morels steak house and French Bistro: very pricey but sooo worth it, they have a special menu for wine and cheese parings is $35 for three different glasses of wine and three little pieces of cheese, the also include honey, preserves and slices of bread...Amazing!!! . *The Blue man group: great show, very, very funny, great for kids. but beware the front row seats of the theater are the cheapest, and even though they give you a poncho to protect your clothes , you can get wet and or dirty. . . Two things i was looking forward to doing during my stay at the venetian and regret doing: . . * Lavo nightclub: not worth the high cover charge and they huge line to get in, you won't be missing out on anything special. . . *gondolas rides: you pay $16 per person or $64 if you want the gondola to be private, is a 5 min ride, you have to wait about an hour to go on it, kinda of boring... . . . Good hotel but it really didn't impress me, next time I'll try something else, maybe I had too many high expectations,but for for the price of this rooms who wouldn't.?
my go-to hotel with my girls. been here so many times that i am sick of grand lux cafe. altho the food is good and it's open 24/7. the rooms are spacious, well priced and location is great. they have a coffee bean which is great (+2 stars). only (-1 star) is that wifi is not free.
Stayed here from a Monday to a Wednesday in the beginning of August. The room (a Rialto suite)  was awesome, even with 5 guys in it. More room than we really needed, but considering we were a group of five guys, we did a lot of pre-party drinking in the room, so it was worth doing it right.. . The casino was gorgeous, though a bit expensive for us. Which leads me to why 4 stars not 5. If you are planning on doing the cheap drinking at O'Shea's, Casino Royale, Bill's Gambling Hall, OR plan on seeing the younger crowds at the Cosmopolitan, it is a loooooong walk. Even longer in 105 degree heat. So it's a 5 star rating in a 4 star location on the strip. Still, if I was staying here in the future, I wouldn't complain at all.. . Also, the poolside mojitos, even at $10, hit the spot pretty well.
Overall, the hotel was pretty nice. I have always wanted to stay there so when I got the chance to stay there for free, I couldn't turn it down. However, if I had to pay, I think I might have given it 3 stars instead of 4. . We stayed in the Venezia tower, and straight up, it is amazingly confusing. It is like a damn maze trying to get around in there to and from the elevators, took like 10 minutes to find the ice machine (I thought I was just stupid, until I had like 5 other people ask me if I knew where it was when they saw me coming back with a bucket of ice) and there isn't a sign like anywhere else saying ice machine with an arrow pointing somewhere. To get to the main Venetian hotel, you either have to go through a maze in the Venezia tower then through the casino and up some escalators, or go through the maze of the Venezia tower, then across a bridge hallway to the main tower, and then to where you would like from there. This includes getting to the pools, food court, and palazzo which I got sick of very fast. Along with that, almost everywhere they have security asking to see your room key to make sure you are staying at the hotel. At first it was kind of nice, but got annoying super fast having to walk with your room key out all the time. . Personally, the pools were not that great. I didn't go to Tao beach, but the regular pool had a gross layer of sunscreen and other crap along the edges which grossed me and the people in my group off. . Overall, it was nice but I don't think I would stay there again unless it was comp'd again
nice casino
The Venetian is one pretty bad ass hotel. I didn't stay here, but friends of mine and I went here for an early b-day dinner celebration.  Her actual b-day was on a weekday, but since majority of us flew here to Las Vegas, we decided to have it before we all flew out.  We dined at the Grand Luxe Cafe and it was pretty awesome. Spacious and luxurious, among other choice words to use.  . . Had the avocado burger with french fries, and a Amstel Light.  After the meal, a friend of ours decided to treat us all, so that was pretty amazing.  After the meal, we decided to walk around the hotel and into the Grand Canal Shops.  The Venice canal motif was pretty bad ass, as those people in the boats sang with people holding each other.  I'm guessing that ain't cheap to get. I had personally stayed here myself, but it was years ago and with family.  But this time around, I was by traveling with myself and meeting friends and just having a good time.. . I do love this property for what it is. The decor and the ambiance could not be beat. Maybe next time I will stay here instead.. . B+
A great place to kill a day walking around in Vegas.  Tons of great shops, bars and restaurants everywhere.
Walking downstairs to TAO was awesome! They have a great bakery (Bouchon) inside Venetian!
I stayed at the Venetian over the weekend for a Bachelorette party, and we had such a blast! I actually would give this place 3 1/2 stars, but I'll round up. Here are our pros and cons.. . Pros:. . 1. The room. It was beautiful! We got a two-queen suite, and there was plenty of room for five girls, all of our crap and all of our booze. We all had a place to sleep (two queens plus a pull out couch) which was a huge plus too. The bathroom was large, and had multiple areas for getting ready! Two sinks, plus a vanity.Perfect. The shower was honestly the best shower I've ever experienced! It had nice pressure, big water droplets and the awesome addition of two nozzles on the front wall of the shower that sprayed you from the front too! After a long night out, I stood with my back facing those nozzles for a fantastic water massage. PROPS to the shower. The beds were also super comfy. . . 2. Multiple pools. We stayed in the Venezia Tower, and there was an additional, European garden themed pool that we LOVED. The general pool deck was crowded and noisy, and the garden pool was quiet and relaxing. Lots of hidden places to lounge and have a break from the crowds. . . 3. Easy access to the front desk/our room. We basically walked right in the front door, right to the front desk and right up to our tower. Pretty awesome quick access.. . 4. Decor. The Venetian is visually beautiful. It's decorated so well, and none of it looks cheesy, just pretty!. . 5. Grand Lux Cafe. Open all hours of the late night/early morning - this restaurant saved our hungry tummies past 4 a.m. both nights we were there with high quality, yummy food of all kinds. . . 6. Location on the strip. Right across from Mirage/Caesars and right next to Wynn/Encore. Nice. . . . Cons: . . 1. Since we were staying the Venezia Tower, I literally never saw the Casino in this hotel. That can be both a pro and a con, but I almost felt like we were staying at a casino-free place. It was a trek to both the casino and the shops. . . 2. Service at the front desk. I had to call it an early night the last night we were there, so I headed back alone, just to find that all of our keys had been de-activated. I went down to the front desk to fix the problem so I could get to bed... but had to have my name on the reservation in order to get a new card. I understand its property policy and all, but the guy was quite rude about it, and only put a smile on his ugly mug after I finally got ahold of my friend who was partying at Moon. Try some manners training. . . Overall, it was a great spot for our ladies weekend!
wow super late.. so late that this should've been one of my first reviews when i started an acct... . my first vegas hotel since being of age and loved it! my friend booked the room for wed-fri and got some stuff through the promo we used.. the rooms were spacious and all suites..we had people over in our room before heading out for the night and couldn't believe we were able to fit about 15 people in there and still had room to move around.. . . oh, can't forget about bouchon! the bakery is next to the elevators and was my first time tasting their yummy goodies... . enjoyed my stay and wouldn't mind staying here again.. although, i'd want to check out palazzo too.. heard those were a lil bit nicer..
I love staying at the Venetian. . . Pro: Large, Beautiful, Comfortable Rooms. No problem fitting 3 girls per bed :)  . . Con: expense (I haven't had any problems because I always split the rooms with large groups.. or go to vegas with someone that gets  rooms compted because of their gambling history haha) I could imagine this would get expensive if you are in a smaller group or .  . Pro: Plenty of mirrors, duel sinks and bathroom space. . . Con: Bathroom lighting -- is horrible.. at least from a female perspective . . The lighting is actually quite flattering and might be nice for honeymooners/a romantic pair. The open tub/glass shower means full exposure & you want the most flattering lighting you can get haha.. . . BUT when you are a group of girls trying to get ready to go out there is a real fear that your makeup is going to look completely different and potentially outrageous under the brighter hotel lighting elsewhere... . Pros: . Blue Man Group, Phantom of the Opera, and Jersey Boys all housed here. . . Hotel guests usually get their own shorter line and free admission to Tao, Lavo and Tao Beach. Also, home of the perfect after club meal spot Grand Lux. . . Share pools & amenities with The Palazzo. Even if you don't go into Tao Beach or Azure.. the music is still easily heard from the other less exclusive hotel pool areas. . . Con: It can be a little maze like, and isn't always a quick after club walk back to your room in heels.
Best hotel I've been to in Vegas and you really feel like your in Italy sometimes. We have gone back about 3 times now because the service and price have always gone the distance. Very professional helpful staff and large classy rooms with Italian marble everywhere. You can even watch TV in the bathroom if you so desire. The canals and mall area is amazing and the gondoliers make it feel like your walking through the streets of Venice. Love this place and will always be a customer for the excellent selection of nice restaurants and bars and some of the hottest clubs in Vegas. Don't forget to try your hand at blackjack if your feeling lucky.
The Venetian has Tao which I still cling to as a good old standby, and their rooms are on the larger side given their price, which is nice.. . 4 stars.. . On a completely random note, I always seem to get lost when it's 4A or later and I'm trying to find my way back to a room at the Venetian. Doesn't help that I always stumble my way to the Grand Lux and tell people to meet me there, only to nearly always have these people go to the wrong Grand Lux. Does this happen to anyone else?
Ok, I know that all Vegas casinos (at least most of them) are enormous, but The Venetian kills me every time. I have a pretty good sense of direction, but every time I'm in this hotel/casino I get lost. . . Perhaps its due to all of the beautiful scenery, but I feel like each and every time I find an entirely new section which blows me away. . . Maybe I just need to spend more time here to find my bearings.
Beautiful hotel with great pools (Tao Beach) and great amentitties. Titties... Vegas is definitely still on my mind.... We had the fantastic Regalo Suite on the 27th Floor and it was spicyyyy. Enough to easily sleep 6+ people, although we were only 3 deep.. Shower, separate bath tub and private toilet area.. Large living area and 2 beautiful and soft beds.. Bloody mary's at the pool were AMAZING!
I'm always alright for settling for a lower-eschelon hotel in Vegas, because you can stay in one of those places right on the Strip, in the middle of everything, for not much money at all.  However, this week in September, there were SLAMMIN' deals at some of the classier hotels, so along with the incentive of the FREE Phantom of the Opera ticket, the Venetian it was.. . The room was lovely, very elegantly decorated, but honestly I feel the best part about staying here was the location.  Don't get me wrong - it's a BEAUTIFUL building.  Every time I walked outside of the hotel or approached it, I could hardly believe this was where my hotel room was it's so breath taking.  So it's beautiful, and maybe the most perfect location to stay at on the Strip.  The Mirage and Treasure Island are right across Las Vegas Boulevard, the Wynn is a short walk up north, and everything else is just a little bit south!  . . The Canal shops are entertaining and fun to walk through.  Also along the path are several wonderful places to eat.  We ate at Z'efferino, which I HIGHLY recommend for you fine diners.. . The Phantom production, by the way, was INCREDIBLE.  It was absolutely incredible, and I'd pay next time to see it again!
At this writing, I've been to The Venetian twice, once as a hotel guest for a conference and once for dinner, a show, and a late night bite.. . As a hotel guest, I appreciated the friendly staff and the size of my room, but was disappointed by the cigarette burns on the sofa (in a non-smoking room, I might add) and some careless housekeeping. It was nice to have so much to do under one roof but boy was is a schlep from my room the the conference center and other hotel amenities! . . Although the hotel and casino probably isn't super smoky to most people, I was bothered by it both times, especially when I was in the hotel for dinner, a show, and a late night bite, perhaps because I couldn't escape to a smoke-free zone.. . I don't have a lot of experience with Las Vega$ but this is a hotel I would return to.
Yelp 365 Challenge: 46/365 . . This is the property that started it all. My love affair with Las Vegas and living in the lap of luxury. The Venetian is an incredible property boasting impeccable Italian inspired architecture blended with the modern amenities of a 5 diamond rating. Personally, one of my all time favorites for properties on the Strip. . . The first stay at this property was gratis. The opportunity arose in light of a 4 night/5 day free stay promotion that was gifted to me. How could I pass that up? . . Upon entrance to the lobby, you are instantly transported to Venice. The murals, columns, and statues all create a sense of peace and tranquility. Even the air is filled with a light scent; distinctly The Venetian. This property has two towers - Venezia and the Main tower. I have never stayed in the Venezia towers, but from what I understand, in room amenities and layouts do not differ by much. . . Every room is a suite! The smallest room in the house is about 700 square feet. Rooms include either 1 King or 2 Queens, sunken down living room, marbled foyer and bathroom with split tub and shower, and 3 flat screens - 1 in the living room, 1 at the base of the bed, and 1 in the shower. Talk about pimpin', been pimpin', since pimpin' been pimpin'! Folks, that's just their "standard" suite. The luxury and size only goes up from there! . . Aside from having uber pimped out rooms, the casino of The Venetian is appropriately sized and the crowd & vibe is great. Typically, it's an older crowd (as in 29 & up) and everyone is pretty friendly. The dealers and pit bosses are extremely nice and chatting up a conversation while sitting at a table is one of my favorite things to do while gambling - aside from winning money that is.  Whenever I'm here, I always end up running into a couple of locals at the craps table that I've gotten to know and we always have fun. . . This property has a bunch of amenities that make it such a destination. Obviously, one of the most notable amenities is the gondola ride. Patrons may either do an inside or outside gondola ride. All rides are guided & serenaded by a gondolier and include a photo op as well. Other notable attractions include Phantom of the Opera, Blue Man Group, TAO, and Bouchon Bakery (oh hell yes!) and a direct connection to luxury shopping and The Palazzo. . . Even the location of this property is prime! It's smack dab in the center of the Strip. It's directly across the street from Treasure Island and the Mirage, Wynn and Encore. Walking up and down the Strip from this location is great. Exiting from the parking lot provides direct access to Spring Mountain Road and access to the I-5. . . All in all, The Venetian is an outstanding property. Starting my love affair here has ruined other properties for me. On average, I've been going back to Vegas about twice a year. So I can easily call The Venetian as one of my homes away from home. This one is an easy, 4 out of 5.
(n.b.: The Venetian is off my list of places to stay in Vegas because of the political leanings of the owner. If that doesn't matter, read on...). . The Venetian is probably my favorite hotel in Vegas. I'm not hip enough for places like the Palms or the Hard Rock, and I'm not stylish enough for Encore or the Cosmopolitan, so there you have it.. . We've stayed in the Venezia Tower twice, and it's beautiful. The tower is accessible from a small hallway off the right side of the main lobby, or from the valet parking area. The Venezia has its own pool area, right outside Bouchon. The rooms are standard Venetian suites, with two queen beds or one king. The living area is several steps down from the bed. Most rooms have probably been renovated since my last stay.. . Pros: Amazing restaurants. Bouchon and Otto (Grand Canal Shops) are phenomenal. The Grand Lux Cafe (coffee shop) is way above the Vegas norm. Easy to get on their loyalty list, with plenty of discounts. Blue Man Group. Very friendly staff. Unique stores in Grand Canal Shops. Good cocktail service. Coca-Cola products sold on property. Rooms are quiet. . . Cons: That gardenia smell willpenetrate your brain after a few days. High table minimums for gaming. Terrible video poker. Tight slots. Minor items are expensive. Valet parking is non-intuitive.
this will probably be almost identical to my palazzo review.. . pretty much nice rooms, theres a casino, theres food access.  now youre set for sin city. i can guarantee if you win money at the tables you'll enjoy your stay much more.  i guess you can enjoy anything much more as long as theres more money in your pocket
Easy to deal with, great decoration and very luxurious feel! All the great ingredients for a good vacation, they make you feel like they have everything taken care of, you really do get what you pay for. I've been to dumpy hotels on the strip and the nice ones, and the feel of when you walk in the room is completely different from a cheap one, cleanliness you can trust and luxury you can feel. Service was a little slow at 1 a.m. on Friday night, waited half an hour for two blankets and I had to call again and wait another fifteen minutes.
I love the Venetian's high-class shops (to stare at, never to buy on my wages) and the atmosphere of their dining (Mario Batali's restaurants alone are weep-worthy cuisine).  Their rooms are amazingly lush.  But there's just something about the Venetian as a gambling choice that doesn't do it for me.   Maybe it's because the stakes are much higher than  essentially anywhere but the Wynn or the Bellagio.   . . But everything else is really, really awesome.  Check out their rare bookshop in the shopping center for some really nerdy but neat scenes.  And feast at Carnevino!  You will thank me later!
I remember when this place first opened up, they were extremely strict with who they allowed in.  You either had to be 21 or you were a guest of the hotel.  Everyone had to show their room keys and/or IDs before they would let us in.... . Now, it's completely opened to all.  However, this place still kind of leaves a bad taste in my mouth because of the Tao Nightclub....  Not really a fan of the nightclub, but the restaurant is amazing!  Read about it here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/tao-asian-bistro-and-nightclub-las-vegas#hrid:riWg2uQ3-Xh2k5Pw4HzDzQ. . Despite my lack of love for TAO nightclub, the Venetian is a beautiful hotel and casino.  I love the fresco paintings on the ceiling and all the beautiful finishes.  For some reason, I'm not a huge fan of their rooms.  I've stayed in the Bella and Rialto suites and they just weren't that impressive...  I prefer their sister hotel, the Palazzo.  The finishes and decor just seem classier at the Palazzo..... . However, the Venetian does have some pretty good restaurants and shops.  I love Lime Ice!!  You can get your yard stick drinks there :). . The Grand Canal Shoppes have a pretty good variety of stores as well.  They have a Grand Canal gondola ride too.  It's nice to watch them serenade the guests in Italian.. I guess it's kind of romantic.. not really.. at $16 a person and $64 for a private ride, I think I'll pass.. . Make sure you check out the gelato place in St. Mark's Square.  It's delicious!!. . I also really like their pool area.  There's plenty of space to lounge around if you don't feel like checking out their day club, TAO Beach.  TAO Beach usually have guest stars (like LMFAO) perform, but in all honestly, I would personally avoid this place when they do.  They space is pretty small, and they pool inside TAO Beach definitely does not accommodate the amount of people they let in.  It's actually pretty disgusting..... . In sum, I'm not a HUGE fan of the Venetian... It's just okay.  . But if you haven't been, it's definitely worth a visit.  I want to give this place three stars, but I'll give it four just because it's one of those hotels you have to visit at least once.
Where do I start?!? I'm gearing this review more towards the hotel aspect of the resort instead and less about the dining/clubs/entertainment.. . Check in - Due to their partnership with InterContinental, I was able to check in at the invited guests line. Only one person ahead of me. Hooray! Even with my comped room on a Saturday night, they upgraded me from a Luxury View to Piazza since I have gold status with Priority Club. They even let me check out at 4pm instead of 11am. Loves it.. . The room - The Piazza suite was ginormous, 1400 sq feet to be exact. It had 1.5 bathrooms, a four person dining table, king bed and pull out couch. The decor was spartan and dated. The rooms need a refresh. The Palazzo rooms look better and I swear some of the furniture was missing from my room. Did they give me the ghetto Piazza suite? Who cares...it was better and bigger than the room I had booked.. . Canal Shoppes - Most of the stores are too pricey for me so I just window shop. I've been to the Venetian in Macau and the mall there is about 4x bigger.. . Layout of the resort - It's huge and you will get lost. I live in Vegas and still don't know all of the corridors and entrances/exits. They probably did that on purpose.. . I am staying at Venetian again next month and can't wait to come back.
This review is for the hotel stay only. We stayed here one night and was impressed. The room was enormous given the couch area could easily sleep several people. The bathroom was huge, had a vanity mirror section, separated tub and shower, I would love to have this as my own setup. The room service staff was very friendly and prompt. The only downside which was minor is that it seemed like a journey from check in to actually getting to the room, easy place to get lost.
Stayed in a two bedroom suite, NICE. I don't like Vegas, but staying here made the visit much more enjoyable.  Not much to talk about with room service, they came and cleaned and left. I enjoyed the restaurants in the place and the canals were different.
4.5. . Wow, this place is gorgeous!. . Stayed here for a business trip and was Wow-ed!  Been to Vegas 2 times before and have loved all the hotels I've stayed at, but the Venetian is over the top.. . When my co-worker and I got to our room and opened the door we were literally jumping up and down like 2 kids in a candy store. We had a living room and all! The bathroom...incredible!! Huge bath...stand up shower, TV...I was loving it!! . . The pool was incredible! It was 90 degrees! The hottest it's ever been when I've been in Vegas. Loved it! . . Had a Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf in the hotel...was very pricy $6 for my small chai latte.  The shops are gorgeous, lots of high-end stores.  I loved the location as well, usually stay more North on the strip so this was a nice change.. . A minor gripe tho is free wi-fi in the suites! Come on, how are you gonna charge $13 a day for wifi when people are spending serious $ to stay here. I hate when hotels do this.  Should be included. They did have free wi-fi in certain areas which was nice, but still annoying.  . . I simply love this town and the Venetian does it right!
I stayed at the Vinitian in early October and had an overall good experience. Things I liked were; the art, the nice room, and their boat rides designed after italian gandola boats. Things I did not like were; smokey casino and lobby, it was like a maze to get in and out from our room. Overall fun experience
Can only rate the surroundings and casino and both are lavish and just beautiful.  The tile work on the flooring throughout is just amazing as are the fresco style ceilings.  Even the fake blue sky and clouds along the indoor gondola river look beautiful and lifelike.. . The casino is high-end for sure but a bit smokier than the Palazzo next door.  Plenty of expensive shopping between the two hotels and nice overall placement on The Strip.
As one of the sophomore classes of casinos recently built, the Venetian is a testament to what meticulous details to high art concept can do.. . DECO: 5 stars. . Sometimes it's really easy to take for granted how much care is taken into constructing casinos. In a place like the Venetian, you can see the canals, the gondolas, the museum, the shops. Everything you expect in a luxurious hotel and casino in Las Vegas. But from expectation, we forget what those details can add up to. At the Venetian, they take care to build up on the details. You can find sprawling marble columns, well decorated floors, and frescoes on the ceiling. Even the melody of a single accordion player near the check in can ease the stress of long lines and road weariness.. . CASINO: 3 stars. . Because of the high quality production, it is very easy to forget that a casino is there to take your money, not to give it away. This casino definitely makes it easy to forget this simple point. But the more you linger at the casino, the more you start to realize how easy it is to lose your money. Like a hot model, you start giving qualities to this casino you assume it has because it's so shiny and pretty. But the Venetian is no different than any other casino. In fact, it might be worse because of how high the stakes are.. . Yes, they have penny slots like every other casino, but it seems harder to cash out without playing higher stakes. In fact, only when you play do you realize how hard it is to win money without investing lots of money in each bet. So, unless you're baller, you got to be careful of what you choose to bet cause you're going to bet high.. . ROOMS: N/A. . I haven't stayed here yet as a hotel guest. I'll update this part once I do.. . . CONCLUSION:. . The Venetian knows what detail is and they make sure to show it, whether obviously or subtly. You get invested in how beautiful this place is, and you start seeing yourself staying here, being treated like a celebrity if you just spend a little more and get the comps. But that's the trap: the dream you desire is only created by the money you lose. That's a casino. As beautiful as the Venetian is, you need to remember they want your money, and they'll make you as comfortable as possible to take it. And boy, the Venetian is one shiny place to be.
Venetian is a great hotel with a great location. The rooms are big and clean. Great staff members and great service in the lobby. Loved that the shops even though I didn't make it to any of them. No time to shop when you have to recover for the next night. As cheesy as it may sound I really like the stupid canal. Reminds me of Venice and I'm a sucker for the Italians.
Classic styling with all the pomp you'd expect.. . I got a deluxe suite and it's a very impressive room.  My one complaint for the suite is that it's not a "real" suite with separate rooms.  However, it didn't really affect my experience at all and I rather enjoyed all the extra space being accessible.  I love the remote controlled drapes and blinds (I know it's lazy, but in the morning... a necessity!).. . I'm going to skip service since all I can say is "the lines were short when I checked in", but I didn't try any room service or call for any special arrangements.  However, they do have security available downstairs preventing any wandering souls from entering the suites.. . One last note worthy item, ACCESSIBILITY.  With easy access to a great poker room, the Phantom of the Opera, Jersey Boys, a great casino, etc... I would definitely consider accessibility one of the Venetian's selling points.. . Overall, might be my top choice of hotels in a reasonable price range from now on.
Beautiful casino with great shops and restaurants. I've never seen the rooms and I'm not much of a gambler. But I find myself at the Venetian often for shows or food.
I'm a huge fan of the Venetian.... I love that its connected with the . Palazzo. Its a great place to do some shopping and really allows you . to have one stop entertainment. High end stores, casual clothiers and . even some great eats. . The casino has good variety and even though the space is pretty massive. it still has an intimate feel depending on where you're at. . Because of the holiday season they had carolers(sp?) singing familiar. Christmas tunes. It was a great vibe. . I don't often hit up places on the strip, Im more of a Red Rock or Aliante . type girl but I always remember how much I like the Venetian/Palazzo . when I visit.. Next time i'll try not to stay away so long!
So I stayed at one of my girl's room and I love the decor. I have always enjoyed such beautiful decor. All the details in this hotel is very elegant. The room itself is pretty nice. I love the open spaced bathroom, but the toilet room's door has no lock! LoL very strange... Overall, very nice! =D
Nice suites, very reasonably priced.
The Venetian is a very beautiful hotel. They are constantly changing things inside to stay modern. I like their restaurants and how they're so easily connected to Palazzo. This review is mainly for their winter theme They currently have a really beautiful Winter in Venice display going on. I really liked what I saw. . . They had these two women on stilts in glowing blue LED lights that looked like quadropods with porcelain masks of three different faces on one head. There was agiant Christmas tree made of glass bulbs that look like bubbles, with white Christmas lights, red, blue, green, and yellow and the lights would glow in different orders to create a spectrum of color changing fun. There were kids and their parents ice skating around right over the water. It's a really neat celebration. Enjoy a romantic evening out or a great time with the family.
The Venetian hotel is definitely a beautiful hotel. My husband and I stayed here during our most recent trip to Las Vegas and we were pleasantly surprised when we arrived at our hotel room.. . Apparently all of the rooms at the Venetian are considered suites, we got the most inexpensive one. It was still fairly large. The bathroom had a separate tub and shower, two sinks and a separate room for the toilet. The main area had a king sized bed and then a couple of steps down led to a generous living space, with a sectional sofa, desk and fax machine and a small breakfast table. The room also had 3 TVs: One in the bathroom, one facing the bed and one in the living area.. . The hotel hasa large shopping area (the Grand Canal Shoppes) and along with its sister hotel Palazzo, has a TON of restaurants. The Venetian also has some of the most popular shows on the strip, including the Blue Man Group and The Phantom of the Opera.. . The only thing I have against the Venetian was the location. It's at kind of the northern end of the strip. Since all of our friends were staying at Planet Hollywood, it was a good 15 minute walk to get down there. But I'd say that's a very small negative; even with that, I'd love to stay here again.
Wow wow wow! Wonderful place with all suites. Suite had a small downstairs that led to a big couch/pull out bed. Hotel itself is well kept, though crowded. Restaurants and shopping for those of you who don't gamble, and connected to Palazzo for those of you who like to gamble everywhere. Highly recommended!
I don't gamble but this is a pretty cool place.
Not top of the line expensive, not cheap and not in the middle. The venetian is in between the top of the line hotels and the medium grade ones...at least thats my interpretation of the venetian.... . I personally love this hotel. The room setup is great, nice and spacious, even for the cheapest rooms! . But myfavorite part about the rooms here are the showers! There are two jets that are lower back level in addition to the super strong shower head that makes showering orgasmic!
I took my boyfriend here in July to surprise him for his birthday. He had NO idea it was coming and was totally stoked when I told the cab driver to head to the Venetian. The place still has a good name for itself.. . The hotel is central to everything on the strip - and if you know Vegas, you know location is vital. We got a great rate on a luxury suite (their most basic room), which was a nicely sized split-level suite with an L-shaped couch and a big comfy king-sized bed. Overall the room was clean, but the furniture was very old and dated.. . It can be hard to snag space by the pool, mostly because rude people try to save their chairs with towels, or abandon their seats without picking up after themselves. Just snag one of the pool attendant girls and tell her you're having trouble finding a spot and she'll make it happen while you order a cocktail at the bar. Problem solved. Tip them for the trouble they save you!. . You can get pretty yummy and affordable breakfast at Grand Luxe downstairs. They had great coffee!. . The Venetian is a pretty solid hotel, and I would recommend it to friends if they found a good rate, but I wouldn't go out of my way to repeat our visit because I prefer more up-to-date decor. The Mirage across the street has some beautifully renovated rooms with plush beds for roughly the same or cheaper rates, so that would be my preference in the future if I wasn't prepared to splurge on the Wynns/Encores/Cosmopolitan hotels of the world.
5 stars for beauty n luxury! OMGosh!!! Was it just me? Damn! It was sooo difficult to get to my room! Definitely WORTH the walk and 2 elevAtor trips to a luxurious roomy suite but yes a maze! One can easily get lost after a few drinks so travel with a buddy you might end up elsewhere... And despite the beauty, where's the vanity lock?  At least the toilet in the vanity room had it's own door.  Nice n plush terry robes trimmed w gold await you after a nice relaxing soak in there huge bath tub! 2 flat screens, printer n fax available, paid wifi, nicely stocked mini bar $5 KitKat $25 for a pot of coffee :)
There's 1204 reviews here (and counting), so I don't think I NEED to vouch for this place, but The Venetian is pretty friggin' sweet.. . But yeah, it's awesome. It's pretty affordable for the luxury, so go ahead and do it. Treat yo'self!
By far the best place to stay in Vegas is the Bellagio. Second place is the Venetian, which does have a better Spa, and accommodations and service almost equal to the Bellagio. But the canals don't compare to the Bellagio Gardens.. . We've stayed at many Vegas hotels. We will go back to the Venetian for variety, but the Bellagio is better in this class of hotels.
One of my top places to stay in Vegas! The suites are huge, not that it matters I guess since you don't spend that much time in there anyway. Love how there are mirrors EVERYWHERE in the bathroom/entry area. I also think their mirrors make you look skinnier... Ha!.  . The room service was good (but pricey, of course). Forgot what we ordered but it came out to $50-60 after the late-night fees and gratuity and stuff. Oh the price you pay for drunchies... . . I love how it's connected to the Palazzo. So many restaurants and shops that you never have to leave really! But even if you do, it's pretty close to other good hotels/clubs/restaurants/shops, etc. Great location! And it's super pretty inside of course.
Stayed here for two nights in December 2011 (Fri the 2nd & Sat the 3rd). We were a group of ten ladies this trip and two suites were enough for us.. . As with prior trips, we dined at Tao on Saturday night before transitioning to the nightclub after dinner. As long as most of the people in your group order an entree, you should be able to get a stamp to enter the nightclub for free. However, I always use a promoter, so we skip the lines and get free admission. The girls and I were offered free VIP seating throughout the night, along with free drinks - so of course it was a great night.. . Our rate for each room (booked via its website) was:. $160.00/per night. $19.04/per night resort fee. $19.20/per night room tax. --------------------------------------------------- . Total Billed to each Suite = $396.48
This review is long over due.... . Stayed here a few times. The first time was for my brother's 21st bday (4th of july weekend in 2009).  The first time I stayed, I was disappointed; at least getting to our room; it's like a Maze! but the more and more i stayed at the Venetian, i got used to it and ended up being a fan of the hotel.  I;ve always stayed at the Bella suite and it's perfect for 6 people. Yes, six! that's if you get the 2 queen beds, and the sofa bed. It's pretty affordable to stay at the Venetian if you go with a group of friends. . . My friends and I always book our room from Book It when they have their "Mystery Suite" Deal!  :)
Aside from The Hotel at Mandalay Bay, this is my second favorite place to stay of all the places I've stayed in Vegas. The suite with sunken living room and the huge bathrooms with a full bath AND shower definitely give you more breathing room. Again, you're in Vegas so you shouldn't spend that much time hanging out in you room. But if you have work to do the living room comes equipped with a desk and fax machine so the extras here really do make a difference. . The Casino itself is decked out like most other high-end casinos so you can only out-lavish one another so much before everything looks the same. That being said, it is laid out so that I could actually learn the layout and not get lost, even when I was drunk so that's saying something. Definitely a good place to stay in Vegas
Had a short stay here w/ one of my friend's and her group.  I was a little confused on how to get to the rooms on our own, there are separate towers and elevators.  Not gonna lie, but it took us a while to try and find our room.  Everything looks the same.. . The Room = spacious 2 queen w/ a sunken level where the couch was located.  The bathroom was the first room you see upon walking inside.  The room was nicely decorated... not too old looking - I usually go for the more modernized rooms.  . . The Bathroom = The entire room is closedoff by a wooden screen door.  The toilet is blocked off from the vanity area & shower.  The room is bright & had a lot of walking space.. . I liked how there was enough space in the room for more than four.  The pool area was huge.  It was hot the day we went so it was nearly impossible for us to find lounge chairs, but we found this spot near a hedge, lol.  I liked how I was able to stand up in the pool and the water level wasn't up to my head, haha.  Overall, I had a fun experience, but I would want to try The Palazzo instead.  The rooms look nicer, more modern and mature for my taste.
The Venetian is my favorite hotel I've stayed at In Vegas so far.  IMO, the rooms are the best and biggest you're going to get for the best price on the strip.  I love the suites.  We've stayed in the Luxury and the Bella.  It's only been the husband and I so even that is more than enough room for the two of us.  Love the bathrooms and the black out blinds.  Flatscreen in the living room area, bedroom area, and bathroom.  I like that the watercloset is separate from the shower, bathtub, and sink area.  The Venetian has great restaurants, great shopping at The Canal Shoppes, and we've never received anything less than 5 star service.  . . The only thing really keeping it from getting 5 stars is the fact that the hotel is HUGE.  It's a hike from your room to the strip and back.
Can't afford a trip to Venice? Then the Venetian will make an attempt to appease your desire to visit the Italian city, most known for its waterway roads.. . Sort of.. . You can take a gondola ride through themall of the Venetian-not sure of cost-but it's a pretty standard Vegas thing to do. Men in Parisian striped shirts and berets row the boats through the waterways and I think some of them sing to you if you tip them enough. . . I would say Venetian is in my top 5 Strip hotels and as a local I think that should count for something (right?). I love a good parking garage and the Venetian has one of the easier ones to access with many levels and distinctly separate entrances for entering and exiting. If you don't use parking garages a lot, that's not something you really think about, but I do and I feel like that's just a straight up safety feature-all garages should be designed like that.. . The layout of the hotel itself I don't love. Yeah, I'm directionally challenged, but navigating through the casinos between the Palazzo and Venetian are always stressful for me because the directions don't seem to be very clear. I feel like the directionals aren't very helpful because they tend to be very close to the place you're looking for. Maybe that's just me.. . I do like their collection of restaurants, particularly Bouchon and the Bouchon Bakery on the casino floor; you can get a sit down meal at Bouchon and some of Thomas Keller's equally delicious but more portable to-go items at the bakery. The bakery also has excellent coffee. It's also home to a new restaurant called Public House, Aquaknox, Delmonico Steakhouse (Emeril), B&B Ristorante and Carnevino (Mario Batali).. . There's a nice collection of shops in the mall on the 2nd level that includes Kenneth Cole, Banana Republic, a pretty high end shoe store as well as more casual dining options. I've also heard the Canyon Ranch Spa is one of the best in the city, but my wallet does not allow such luxuries.. . Of course there is the Venetian's golden child: TAO, a nightclub and restaurant in one, more renowned for the nightclub feature. While it can get beyond crazy in there, TAO is the one of the few clubs I reference for a true Vegas experience. The music is always good and I've always had a great time here. . . Overall, Venetian is a decent place to check out while in town and while I have never experienced the hotel side of it, I'd be interested to have a staycation. At the very least, I know I'll have access to good restaurants!
This hotel is gorgeous! We stayed in the Venetia Tower and we rented out rooms with 2 beds each. Each room had a fold-out sofa bed, so 6 people are able to fit. The room also had 2 flat screen TVs. The bathroom was huge with a vanity mirror, 2 sinks, a bathtub, and shower stall. I could literally live in the bathroom!. . Customer service was great! When we needed extra bedsheets and blankets, it was promptly given to us. When we got a little lost, the man working there pointed us in the right direction.. . The only problem I had was the ease of getting lost in the hotel. I had to take 3 different elevators to get to my room and we considered this to be the "shortcut." Just make sure you READ the signs!. . I did a little gambling inside Venetian's casino. There are a bunch of places to eat as well such as Buchon, Grand Lux Cafe, and a food court that serves sandwiches, pizza, pasta, etc. There are also a lot of restaurants and shops within walking proximity to this hotel along the strip.
Dont get me wrong, but this is a beautiful hotel. They have a great shopping center here, but the not as great as planet hollywood's. We stayed in one of the suites here for an awesome price! The Venetian makes you feel like youre in little italy. . . 1.amazing views and gorgeous decors. 2.service was friendly. 3. rooms were spaceous and gorgeous . 4. TAO and Lavo are located inside this hotel.. 5. its vegas baby! haha
This hotel is beautiful. Bottom line! Even though it is slowly becoming more and more outdated by all of the amazing new hotels and casinos popping up on the strip, the Ventetian is still holding its own! I have never actaully stayed at this hotel before, but I have walked through the casino and the shops about a dozen timesand I will keep on going back! . . In the shops, the singers on the gondolas are incredible. Their voices echo through the tunnels and their seemingly perfect pitch makes for a pleasant experience for everyone- not just those paying!. . My first new experience in the Venetian was in the convention center. HOLY COW! That place is seriously a maze of underground tunnels and rooms! It is very overwhelming! Strap on your tracking devices before entering this thing!
Nice beds and bathroom, professional staff, and much help from the Lost and Found department when I realized about a month later that I left my camera in our room. Within days it was shipped back to me as though it had never left my side (thanks room service for not keeping it!). We got some free Tao guest list passes as I'm sure is pretty standard, though the line outside was off the hook the entire time we were there; never did make it in though I've heard we had nothing to lose. Thankfully there was a Walgreens very close to us (was it attached to the hotel?), allowing us to grab some booze and save money on drinks at the clubs. Clean casino, good little random dining spots like the Boulangerie for pastries in the morning, pizza or sandwiches as you pass through after a day of shopping, etc. . Though there are many nice hotels in Vegas, the Venetian is a great one and I'd definitely stay there again.
This hotel went all out! I really do feel like I'm in Venice. At Christmas time, they have an ice skating rink in the front. However, I imagine it's quite pricey. Their Christmas tree was huge~ It's very picturesque here. However, I hated and loved those moving ramps. It gives your legs a rest, but since it's tilted up I feel like I'm going to fall. They also move very slow. It'd probably be faster to take the stairs. . . Things to check out while here:. - Madam Toussauds. - Boushon Bakery
The Venetian is a great place to stay in Vegas with a large group.  You can get rooms on hotwire for as little as $125/night - this is one of the 5 start strip north hotel choices along with Wynn, Encore and Palazzo.  . . The standard rooms are suite style - 2 queen beds, if available, and a pull out queen couch so you can sleep 6 people comfortably.  Bathrooms are large and comes with a tub and a shower.  The tub is typically used to hold ice and bottles of alcohol.  Two sinks and a separate toilet room.  . . I always ask for the tower closer to the Grand Luxe Cafe (I can't remember the name of that one) cause if you end up in the other tower, it's a LONGGG way home after the nightclubs.  . . The Grand Luxe in Venetian is open 24/7.  There's also Noodle Asia which is open till 3 if you're really craving that beef noodle soup at $10/bowl.  . . The nightclub in Venetian is Tao - not a fan but always a good backup if your plans fall flat at night.  Tao Beach in the summer - basically an extremely small version of MTV spring break, if you've seen it.  I like just hanging out in the Venetian pool better - more space, you can still drink, all the same jazz minus the clustereff.
I thought the hotel was well designed and the rooms were very well themed. It was spacious enough and the room didn't lack anything aesthetically. More spacious than a lot of other hotels in Vegas as the rooms are suites (about 600 or 700 sq ft). Price is very reasonable for what you get.
i would suggest you don't walk while you stare at the ceiling...chances are you won't bump into a hot guy (just another idiot gawkin at the amazing artwork). . PROS:. BEAUTIFUL!!! this hotel was breath-taking. i cannot begin to explain how much in awe i was when i first walked through it.  as far as the suite, the bed was sleepin in clouds with a great pillow and down comforter...bathroom was INCREDIBLE!  I went with a bunch of party-rocker friends (4 girls + 2 guys = 6 people total) and there was definately enough space.  so stayin with a bunch of friends, it was nice that there was two sinks (one turned into a cooler though cause we couldn't use the fridge to chill our drinks) and another door to the toilet within the bathroom (mainly so i could bomb the can while everyone else was getting ready).  another bonus (girl thing) plenty of mirrors in the bathroom, so we could all get ready quick!  and i felt really safe here (especially cause i tend to wander off late at night by myself), there was a lot of security...they even escorted me and my friend to our room one night. . CONS:. it's a frickin maze! upon arrival, (other than the incredible paintings & sculptures) we were ALL thinkin: "oh sh!t...i hope we don't get lost trynna find our room at the end of the night".  it was literally right, up the elevator, across the bridge, left, right, left, right, right, up the elevator, right, right...= lost to me! after a while we got it, but it's just a journey to get to the room (especially after a long night in the club in heels).  our keys all got deactivated, and to get new ones that worked took FOREVER (aka 3hrs of going up and down to see if it worked, waiting around, etc.).  i don't know if that was a weird situation, but service could be better.. it isn't the closest to the strip...so we ended up cabbin it everywhere. oh and beware: if you touch anything in the fridge, you will be charged. they have a motion sensor on that thing. & no micro so can't really save any leftovers. . COME BACK AGAIN?:. i was glad that we stayed here.  it was a fun experience, but for the price, probably wouldn't come back again.  i think everyone should stay here once.  if your plans are to hit the clubs every night, i would suggest stay closer to the middle (other than the one night we went to tao, we were at cosmo, ph, etc).
Nice hotel. The rooms where spacious and classy and quite. Nice big bathrooms and the room I had looked down the strip.
What I love about Vegas is it's ability to bastardize any culture easily and effortlessly. Although it's completely tacky, they're able to execute your experience in a way that's oddly enjoyable. At the Venetian you get the canals of Venice and the Cheesecake Factory all rolled into one pretty package! Can we say "Dream World?!" In particular, I love the human statues and have often wondered what the pay rate is to stand completely still for an hour.. . Other than a fabricated taste of Venice, what you'll find when staying at The Venetian is value! I stayed in the luxury suites a year ago and the rooms are spacious at an affordable rate. More than enough space to sleep 4+ and the bathrooms are huge! There are restaurants, shopping, nightlife and gambling located all within the hotel and you really don't even have to leave the building if you're feeling extra lazy. . . If you do choose to see the light of day or the strip, The Venetian is centrally located on the strip and there are lots of other fabulous destination (Fashion Show Mall & The Wynn) located right next door. If you're a first time Vegas traveler I'd highly recommend the Venetian as it'll give you a nice taste without the huge price tag. . . Yelp 365 Challenge #171/365 (The That's Amore)
This hotel is truly a gorgeous hotel. From the moment you walk in the door the look and feel is opulence. Everything is over the top and stunning. You are in constant amazement as to how someplace can make you feel like you are in another country during your stay, the people that work there are very service oriented. We stayed here for 3 nights and pretty much did not need to leave our hotel for anything. Between Palazzo and The Venetian everything you need during your stay will be right here. I am definitely a fan!
i visited back in december, and stayed in the venetian for about 4/5 nights. this review is for hotel AND casino. ready for a long comprehensive review, read on.. . hotel:. i've stayed at hotels where they clean top to bottom each day. venetian is not one of them. we left a few bucks for the housekeeper each day and she would do the bare minimum. tuck our bedsheets/give us new towels, throw out the garbage, and refill the toiletries. however, she failed to mop/wipe/dust/sweep. i noticed my hair on the floor still there and wet stains that dried up along with crumbs. i know this is my own mess but given that this is a 5 star resort i expect more. we stayed in two king bed luxury suites and we checked in at 12AM and they only had 1 room ready. they told us to come back for the other room in about half hr. wth???. . in addition, they were doing construction near the parking lot garages so it felt a little funky walking through all the mess as a guest at a 5 star hotel. also when you first check in you have to walk through SO much (the garage leads to the shops which then leads through an area in front of the TAO lounge, and then through the casino and into the lobby) unless you took a cab and came through the front. that was a pretty big hassle because we had to walk through loads of people starting their night around midnight waiting for TAO to open! and there wer alraedy a bunch of drunkardswaiting to party. . . our room was so large that we never even really stepped foot into the living room area. if you had a queen luxury suite you can probably sleep 6-8 people comfortably. i am not even lying. the rooms are definiltey dark and lack lamps or light swtiches! but the bathroom is gorgeous and although i would never touch a bathtub in public places it looked super comfy! haha. i'm a standup shower type of person! loved the rooms at the venetian although my bed was a tad mushy for my liking.. . i also loved the elevators but the bellagio does it better. the location is more toward the end of the strip toward freemont st. so its not exactly in the middle of all the action. i bought my whole vegas trip with RT flight package from expedia so my cost for the luxury king room came out to less than $100 a night !! i just wished my $20 sandwich worked (see note below)! owell theres always next time! . . i heard about the famous $20 sandwich so of course i had to try it. rumor has it that you slip a folded 20 dollar bill and slide it in between your credit card and id card at check in and ask them: can you please check for complimentary upgrades? the front desk agents will glady sweep that out of your hand. ours tried hard to look for us but it could have been the fact that we had two rooms that we wanted to keep together or the fact that we only gave $20 for 2 rooms which should have been $40 for two rooms OR even the fact that it was really busy because he apologized after pounding ferociously on the keyboard and said they have no upgrades available. he pushed the $20 and my ID card back toward me and said he can do this for me instead: waive the resort fee of $17 a day and provide us with free breakfast vouchers at the grand lux cafe each morning for the duration of our stay. . . well lets do some quick math: $17 x 6 days x 2 rooms is 204 dollars that he is essentially saving me! so of course i said SURE so he took the money back from the counter as swiftly as he could. and provided each of us (4 of us in total) with a breakfast voucher. SWEET. $20 cash well spent! the $17 resort fee includes internet so be sure to take advantage of that.. dont worry if the charges show up on your room charge (check the TV screen). just call front desk the night before you leave and tell them your resort fees were waived but you still see charges and they will remove it instantly. dont forget to call front desk and ask housekeeping to bring you a pair of men's and women's complimentary slippers! . . . ---. . casino:. i won a decent amount on slots, and playing blackjack switch. a few of the dealers are so nice and help you out with blackjack tips/laugh along. although i stayed at the venetian i didnt gamble here as much as i should have. their casino is definitely not simple with decor. the carpet/lights/decor makes me blind and hurts my eye when i see this. i like the bellagio because it's easy on the eyes. since i won money i will probably be back sooner than later. the drink service was quick. the only thing is there always seemed to be drunkies lurking around at the venetian. either at the table games or the slots or even walking through the hotel/casino.
This is a great hotel to enjoy Las Vegas in. The pools aren't as fun as Caesar's, but then no one's are, and I originally found it distressing there was no pool bar at the suites' tower's pool, until I realized this meant I could BYO. The rooms are plush and fancified, the staff is polite, and they have a Bouchon, which means I have to love them (even if Bouchon's oatmeal has lost its "best in the world" stars from me).
Having a suite was great, loved the bathroom, not sure worth extra $ for view
The rooms are spacious and luxurious, and they have the best Chinese on the strip (Noodle Asia). Love walking around the Canal Shoppes, but it is REALLY easy to get lost in this hotel.
Beautiful hotel.. . - great customer service before, during, and after my weekend stay. - rialto suite with foyer was very spacious. - food court with affordable options. - fine dining available. - small convenient shops for basic toiletries and snacks. - housekeeping great with providing extra towels, blankets, and slippers. - need to present room key card to use hotel elevator banks. - "free" wifi (included in your resort fees)
Gorgeous, but VERY, VERY pricey hotel in the middle of the LV strip. Breath-taking Victorian interior decorations. Love the angelic tone to the ceiling! Had good luck playing Blackjack... came up and brought home all the winnings =)
Stayed here for 5 days in August 09 with my Friend from work.. We had one of the superior rooms and it was out of this world!. Bigger than my flat in scotland.. Very nice hotel and amazing value for money.. Only thing i couldnt handle was the smell! Im sure some people will get used to it after a while though.. I do look forward to my return...... May be a few years away though.
SUITE life of a rock star (Heck yeah pun intended?!)...Ok so I'm not a rockstar but I sure feel like one when I step through those doors and into an open room filled with luxury! What's great about this place?  Best suites for your buck?!  It's a great hotel to stay at for a large group  looking to party it up.  It has a large living room and great space.  You can easlily fit 8 people in that suite.  I love that they have a vanity area where you can get your glam on!  . . Things you need to know:. . -Sign up for their email promotions (I booked a suite for $109 a night). -Ask for free room upgrades during slow seasons.  You can get upgrade to their Venezia tower which is the concierge tower.  They will do turn down service andleave cute chocolates on your pillow every night.  Leave a note asking for extra chocolates, they are da BOMB!. -Pool get's crowded, get down there the moment the sun comes up. . -You get into Tao free for ladies and $10 for guys if you call concierge and put your name on guestlist before 7pm.. -Tao Beach is free with a call to Concierge as well.  . -Shopping is awesome and you can get discounts at certain stores if you received a promo from your Grazie Emails. . . Ok now go live up your life of a Rock Star and get this party started!
I usually don't play hooky from work...I like to keep things on the level. But when you have some friends from Chicago flying into Vegas for the NCAA national championship and they convince you to come hang then I might consider it. When they tell you they have a free room at the Venetian, well then as Miles in Risky Business  says "sometimes you gotta say f$%! it". . . So after a few phonecalls and a momentary lapse of professional guilt I make the drive to Vegas on a Monday afternoon. My friends had 3 rooms in between them and one had an extra bed, they said they'd add my name to the room so I can go to check in and get a key. For all my shenanigans in Vegas, including the year I lived there, I never had the pleasure of staying at the Venetian. I've gambled there, played poker there, ate there, and even went to Tao a few times there, but really had no reason to stay there as of yet.. . Check-in was a breeze. There were 2 people in front of me at prime check-in time and there was an employee directing traffic. It didn't have the awkward feel of a bank where you have to be called to the window like a 2nd grader. After 60 seconds of waiting, one of the front desk agents helped me out. Had the key in my hand 60 seconds later, and had my bags in the room and a drink in my hand 5 minutes after that.. . Room service at 4:45am was fast and flavorful. A bit pricey but when you bet a few bucks on Kentucky to cover with the under and HIT IT...then a $30 waffle only slightly raises an eyebrow.. . The room itself was pretty nice. Sunken living room, large sectional couch, table, 2 flat screens, a third in the bathroom, and plenty of storage space with an additional fridge to store the beverages.. . Overall the staff was very professional and friendly.. . I prefer staying at PH when I go to Vegas these days but if the situation presents itself I would gladly stay at the Venetian again!
I like this place a lot.  It's even better when the rooms are comped.  I play craps.
I remember the days when I was in undergrad and coming to this place, renting out three suites and piling 20 - 30 people in these suites. Those were the days. I'll always have a fondness for the Venetian.. . Now, I think the best thing about the Venetian is the poker room. It's a large, well-organized poker room. Grand Lux Cafe also has a special place in my heart; it's open 24 hours (I believe) and I always got the chicken mushroom soup, which is delicious.. . The shopping the Venetian is always nice. . . Even though I do not come here nearly as much anymore, I still think the Venetian is a nice property where you can't go wrong, both in terms of its rooms and its general location.
I love the Venetian. For the last several years I've been staying here during the Microsoft Management Summit and it has really made me a Vegas Hotel Snob, which is sad considering I don't have to pay for the room.  Still, if I DID have to pay for a room, I would probably want to pay for a room like this.. . There is a spacious working/sitting area with a TV, and then a spacious bedroom area ALSO with a TV.  A Giant Bathroom area, with tub and shower ALSO with a TV.  That's a lot of TVs!. . On the downside, pretty much every time I've been here, the previous occupant has made off with something.  Last year it was water from the expensive "Pay Fridge".  This year was one of the two plush robes (that wouldn't even fit my girthy frame should I choose to want one).  They have always been most accommodating in removing these things, but it sucks that I always have to play "Find the stolen thing" when I get here.. . They have raised the price of the Internet, but the good news is that at least it is a PER ROOM cost and not a per USE cost. That is, if myself and my better half want to use the Internet we only pay the once.. . Overall, I would recommend this hotel for anyone coming to town.
*did not stay just visited*. . I enjoyed my visit. I loved the gaming options there were slots there that were not available at other casinos. and my aunt and i enjoyed the cafes.. . however the perfume smell. my aunt and i got used to it quickly but my mother when she went she could not stand it and had to leave as her allergies started acting up
Westayed at Venetian and the room was perfect.  Upon check-in, we had excellent service.  We asked for a high floor room with a great view and that is exactly what we got.  . . The bathroom was amazing with a huge tub, glass shower, two sinks, and LCD TV.  Oh yea, and of couse there is the toilet.  Durr.  The layout of the suite is perfect.  You walk in and there are two SUPER comfy beds with a big flat screen.  A few steps below is another section with a huge L shaped couch and another TV.  I also loved how you have a remote to draw the curtains and shades.  This is KEY when you are hungover in the morning and can't seem to get up.  One press of the button and the 11am sunlight streams into your bedroom and you can't help but wake up. :). . On top of the fabulous rooms, the hotel has so much to offer.  Fabulous shops, a fun gondola ride, and great restaurants.  I would definitely recommend staying at the Venetian.
Beautiful hotel to stay at For an affordable price!!!!
Nice hotel. Good location. All the suites are spacious and clean.
Great hotel. Definitely top five in Vegas. Great places to eat and shop (if you don't mind spending a small fortune). Pretty decent location, there are a lot of things on the strip that are walking distance. PH, Bellagio, Paris, Aria, Cosmopolitan area is more convenient for walking.. . I like that it's not part of MGM or Harrahs/Ceasars (whatever they're calling it now). I think most of the strip casinos were better before MGM or Harrahs got their hands on them.
I thought the Venetian was very elegant and classy, beautiful decor and everything, its just that by the time I visited I was all Italian-themed-casinoed-out (Caesar's, Bellagio, Palazzo (though I know its the same as the Venetian)).  I understand the subtle differences between all of the themes, so I won't ding them for that, 4 stars.
We've stayed at the Venetian seven times now, everytime, our room is clean, the staff is nice, everything is great. I especially like that you get a suite for the price everyone else charges for a room. I will continue to stay here.. . Here is why they have 4 stars:. . 1. again, 7 times. I get no special treatment like this time when the desk guy SAID they were slow so they wanted money for a room with a view.... why? I've never heard that before. Usually it's the reverse. . 2. no coffee maker in the room, coffee is hugely expensive everywhere on site. . 3. No fridge or microwave in the room- makes taking your spendy leftovers back to your room for those 2am drunkie munchies impossible. . 4. the checkout line is ridiculous. fix it.. . 5. no late check out the last TWO times. I'm not asking for an extra day here people, just an extra hour to get my hungover a$$ out the door. For my $800 i think you can accomplish that!
The Venetian is a great place to stay in Vegas. It's classically elegant and beautiful and all the rooms are suites. I've stayed here on a number of occasions and there are a lot of great perks to this hotel. The rooms are very spacious and the beds are very comfortable. There's a lot to appreciate as you're walking around and admiring the scenery. . . Although The Venetian is nice, I actually like their sister property, The Palazzo (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-palazzo-las-vegas), a little better. It's more sleek and modern in decor and easier to navigate through. They are connected so you can easily walk through the shops to get to either one. The shops at the Venetian is like an alleyway through Italy. There's a gondola ride you can take through the canal, I've never done it before, but I'm sure it would be a lovely experience. There is also a food court located near the shops, upstairs from the casino, that has cheap, quick food such as Panda Express that you can eat at if you don't want to spend a lot of money or want to get something to eat fast. My two favorite restaurants in The Venetian are The Grand Lux & Noodle Asia. Both have great food and I believe they are open 24 hours a day.. . All in all, this is a nice luxury hotel and it is centrally located along the Vegas strip. Tao is also the main nightclub that they have, but I haven't gone there in years. Just because there are better, newer clubs in Vegas nowadays.
Don't make it out to Vegas very often, but stayed here for the first time recently for a Bachelor Party.  When we arrived, the signs for Valet parking pointed us to...nowhere close to where you need to go for Valet.  Once we got the cars parked it was a pretty positive experience.  The suite was huge and clean and didn't have that Vegas-y smell that some hotels can have.  . . On the departure date, the baggage check in line was freaking long, but the baggage dudes were surprisingly efficient and we ended up waiting only about 5 minutes.  Last time I stayed at the Palazzo, it took almost an hour for the baggage and my car to be retrieved.  Here, it took less than 10 minutes and we were off!  I'd definitely stay here again.
Book a room here for a night and they will give you a free pass to Lavo nightclub. The king bedroom suite was really nice and we got a view of the swimming pool. I like that we received free amenities like a nail filer, hairband, and q-tips. Lol I needed all of those bc I didn't pack any. Would I come here again? Nawww I think the Elara Hilton hotel which used to be PH westgate towers is more of my style and is way more worthy for my pocket.
Gorgeous fun and full of energy, The Venetian was worth every penny I spent there. The pool deck is bigger than anyone could imagine and just breathtaking. I could spend hours writing this so I'm gonna stop, because a) I don't want to spend hours writing this, b) I don't have hours to write this, and c) other reasons too private and time consuming to list here.  I'm going back in a few months. I won't stay anywhere else. There's no need to. The Venetian has it all.
This has been a fantastic experience for me.  Gorgeous interior design wonderful rooms clean, effiient, and classy!. . Loved their amenities and shopping area.  Customer service was quick to respond with requests.  (e.g. I needed extra towels)  . . easy to locate and Its located right in the middle of the strip!. . The only thing I didn't enjoy was the view... I got into one of the lower levels or out back and I had a crappy view but other than that nothing else.  Guess that was just my bad luck... will definitely visit again!
I would probably give this 5 stars, but they neglected to consistently clean our room during the stay. The hotel and suite we stayed in were both very luxurious. Spacious, and rooms equipped with a lot of extras. Bathroom was double vanity and included a small flat screen TV to enjoy in shower and brushing teeth!. . I won money ($128 to be exact) during our stay (on Texas Hold'em machines). I don't think this has ever happened to me during all my Vegas trips.. . Food options are great. . . We rented a cabana by the pool one of the days, which was definitely worth it if you plan on spending a day by the pool. Gives you your own space, and AC'd space to escape the heat for a few moments. You get your own waitress, and food prices are the same as room service.. . Only downside was they skipped cleaning our room multiple days. This was a pain, and we were not even in our room very much.
We stayed at the Palazzo next door but had great fun wandering through the shops and marveling at the murals and canals. There were a couple of pigeons inside - part of the decor, or were they disoriented by the clouds on the ceiling??
This is a reviewing just for visiting!. . LOVE the place, GORGEOUS to visit & VERY IMPRESSIVE!. . But, if I have to stay @ the Venetian, I'll go crazy!  Too crowded, too busy, too smoky!
One of my favorite hotels in Vegas, the hotel itself is extremely luxurious. If you can find the rooms here on sale, go ahead and book, otherwise the price can be pretty steep especially during special events. The service is also impeccable and if you ever need towels or any kind of amenities in your room you can expect to have it within minutes. The bathroom is huge, and the rooms are spacious. Three TVs including one in the bathroom is somewhat of an overkill but again hard to deduct any points for that. The only real downside is the price markup compare to some of the second tier hotels.
I love this place. Its a beautiful place to stay. The casino is aton of fun, and whenever you need help with a slot machine or any game, there is always someone nearby to give you a hand. My only complaint was there atm machines. Other than that it was a good experience.
Been here twice now. Excellent service each time.. Also this is a great hotel for a convention since. that is what I came for. Very spacious convention. area. The room I had was very luxurious and very. relaxing after a day of training, schmoozing, and. cocktails. It's the type of room you can always. completely relax in - so much space. Can't really. comment on the price as I wasn't paying - but a. big thank you to my employer for footing the bill.. Would definitely do it all over again. Love the . whole Venice theme. I like the casino here and the. restaurants as well. This is also just the right. part of the Strip to be in. Viva Las Vegas!
Loved it!  The room was large and had a step down living area.  There were two flat screens in the living and bedroom areas and one in the bathroom.  The bathroom was very large and had a separate tub and shower.  The one con was that there was a fridge, BUT it was full of pre-stocked items so you could not fit even one thing in there.  The casino was nice and the paintings on the ceilings were gorgeous.  My favorite part of the hotel...There was one pool that the entire pool was 1.5 feet deep, my kids were SO happy!  The Grand Lux Cafe and Tao were both excellent places to eat.
Despite the Hotel was very massive and confusing to check in the Rooms were awesome and the shows and shopping center was very nice.  I wasn't a big fan of the resort fee that caught me by surprise but overall I would recommend this hotel if you are a fan of very nice rooms.
Just got home from a three night stay. I've walked through The Venetian numerous times but have never stayed there until now. I usually stay at MGM properties.. . First off, out of all of the hotels, I found this one to be the most confusing when it comes to getting around. Even on our way out we were still questioning ourselves on where we were going. . . Our room was great. It was comped, so we opted out of the extra $50/night for a strip view, but still got a decent view of the mountains. We've been to vegas enough to know what the strip view is like.. . The only cons I found in the room were as mentioned in other reviews, the mini fridge was only for the mini bar on sensors and there's no coffee maker, but I get it, you want us to either come down from our room and get a regular coffee at a latte price at one of the cafes or order room service.. . I loved the layout of the room and the bathroom was my favorite place.  The decor had touches of Italian with modern accents.  The drapes can be controlled with a remote so that was great too.  The BF and I enjoyed our room so much that we barely even left.  We watched the NBA finals from our comfy bed and ordered food and ate in the living room area.  It was a great little home away from home.. . We also visited the pool area.  We weren't able to go to TAO because his ID is expired, but it didn't really matter to me. The pool area was clean and the girl serving drinks was a sweetheart.. . Service was great throughout our stay.  I would definitely stay here again, especially if its free again :D
I'm in a luxury suite .....its awesome!  Every detail of this room is beautiful.  Comfy bed, great spacious restroom...quiet and no lingering smell of smoke.  Room service is prompt and friendly.. . I went to the pool...its crowded but hey, its a holiday weekend.  Food here is wonderful.  The place is in a great central location, too.. . I've stayed in Vegas many times, but nothing compares to the Venetian. . . ***Please note, DO NOT use the limo bus to the airport when you leave.  I took away a star because never in my life have I ever experienced such a rude, obnoxious driver.  We all paid our fare of $7 to get a ride to the airport.  He mis-counted his money, and made us sit there until we were late to the airport, many people missed their flights, trying to force us all to cough up another $7!  I asked for a refund so I could grab a cab and I called the Manager of guest services over to the bus.  After a quick talk, we got going and the driver said to me, "there princess.  Are you happy we are leaving now?"****. . RUDE.
I wish I could give this 3.5 stars. Obviously, a hotel like the Venetian is amazing and grand. There are endless restaurants, clubs/bars, shops and places to explore inside the hotel. The Blue Man Group is an outrageous show that keeps your heart rate up and can be fun for all ages. The beds swallow you and the blinds keep it dark, so you can really let go of the concept of time. Robes to wear around and 3 TVs in the room, leaves little to complain about. The only cons would be the over played "Phantom of the Opera" soundtrack every time we took the elevator anywhere, the overly sensitive mini bar (we got charged $9 for something we must have moved just by looking), the slow service at the Riva, and the lack of food network and bravo channels. They have a ton of sports, news and channels in other languages, but considering all the food network chefs they showcase throughout the hotel, I was shocked to not be able to veg out in the hotel room with some Giada, Paula and Bobby!
I stayed at the Venetian for the first time last week during EDC weekend.  We requested for conjoining suites (we were in a group of 10) and they were only able to offer us rooms at the Venzia tower.  It was a little inconvenient because we had to take 2 elevators to get to our suites, but the actual rooms were really nice and spacious. (as well as the bathrooms, which were also stocked with plenty of towels and toiletries)  The beds were comfortable to the point where it was hard to get out of bed in the mornings!  There's also free Wi-Fi throughout the hotel.. . The hotel itself is in a great location on the strip and is the home of Tao and Tao Beach clubs. There are plenty of restaurants you can choose from downstairs.  It's also conjoined with the Palazzo, which is the home of Lavo restaurant and nightclub.. . The service was on point from every aspect -- from the front desk, concierge, housekeeping, and room service.  They were very accomodating and friendly throughout our whole stay.. . Overall, I had a good stay at the Venetian, and will definitely consider coming back here again during my next trip to Vegas.
What a beautiful hotel!  The moment you step inside, you can feel like you are in Italy.  The casino looks clean and up to date.  . . The Bouchon Bakery was wonderful.  Definitely worth checking out if in Vegas.  Their macarons are the best I have ever had.  People were nice and friendly.  . . This place is on my list for the next stay in Vegas along with Paris and Caesars Palace.
Got pretty lucky when my Mother In Law was comp'd for a 3 night stay in a suite here at the Venetian :) ~ The suitewe had was not only spacious, but very luxurious and comfortable...although we didn't spend much time inside it!. . We did have their standard suite, but was great enough! A very nice sitting area, complete with a big comfy couch to relax on. Just sunk right into the bed at the end of the day. Lots of closet room and dresser space, and the bathroom was amazing! Wonderful shower and a very large soaking tub. Kind of wished I had a chance to check out that tub! ;p ~. . The guest serves were excellent and a late night stroll around the Palazo was magnificent! The hotel itself is amazingly designed and makes you feel like royalty. The pools and hot tub were worth the time out from a day exploring just to relax and take in the gardens surrounding them. Just wear sandels, the concrete is HOT!!. . The restaurants at the Venetian sounded very enticing, although we never did eat here. We did manage to sneak in a Gondola ride! Cheesy yes. Touristy...you bet!! But worth every minute!! And their voices are amazing!. . Was very happy that we stayed. Absolutely loved this hotel, and when I return to Vegas, will be looking into staying again!
This is my hotel of choice on the strip.  I really like the layout.  There are enough restaurants to have enough variety in dining during my traditional 2-3 night stays.  Rooms are spacious and clean.  My only gripe has to do with self-parking.  If you are a guest to the hotel and want to self park, the check-in area is not very convenient as you have to walk through the casino to check-in, then walk back through the casino to get to the elevators for the rooms.  If you valet park, then you won't run into this issue, but I like to save a few bucks and park myself.  However, the Palazzo doesn't have this problem at all.  The parking garage elevator brings you right into the check-in area.  You can also access the Palazzo parking garage from Spring Mtn Rd (exit off the 15 frwy) and avoid driving on the strip.  Palazzo and Venetian are connected and accomodations are very similar.  As I like to self-park and avoid driving on the strip, I'll probably be staying at the Palazzo.
I love that it's connected to the Palazzo because you have two beautiful hotels connected to each other. It's very classy and I just love the gondola and the shops inside the hotels. I felt so glamourous walking through the hotels and seeing all the fancy restaurants.. . We were here for a bachelor party (yes, there were three girls present)... the boys had a few suites and the girls stayed at the T.I. across the street cause we're poor.. . Anyway, the suites weren't as glamourous as I had envisioned them to be, to be honest. They seemed really old fashioned and not as nice as I had expected... I've seen some of the suites at the Caesar's Palace (which is older) and they were nicer than the Venetian suites.... . But overall, I wouldn't mind staying here at all if I could afford it! It's definitely a great restaurant to shop/dine at and even gamble at too if you're game.
Beautiful hotel, with spacious rooms. Very clean and has an awesome Casino. As far as the hotel goes I give it 5 stars. I give it 4 stars however because house keeping is a little slow and if you have your do not disturb sign out at 9 am than they will not clean your room at all unless you call them. . . I also got hustled by a time share sales rep in that hotel so that left a bad taste in my mouth. . . If it wasn't for those 2 situations I give it 5 stars easily. I would recommend.
The suite we stayed in was awesome, but I felt like I was walking through a maze every time I tried to get back. Other than this little game we had to play every day - until our last night, when we finally got the hang of the place - everything with our room was great. It was incredibly spacious, with two large beds and a lower, separate living room area.. . The bed in our room was the best I have EVER slept on, omgah. Even with little sleep the week before our arrival, and 5 hours of sleep a night while in Vegas, I still felt super refreshed every morning. Didn't get a chance to try out Bouchon, but I'll definitely look into it next time! Oh, and FYI they didn't allow a late checkout for us so I would try and actually get sleep the night before checkout, esp. if you have a long drive back. Four stars!
Gorgeous hotel.... . Fabulous shopping center... the art decor ceilings.... the gandolas.... club Tao... Madamn Tussauds... . . Equals a really good time! . . The casino was alright too, but $13 bucks for a margarita is a little steep and it wasn't even that good! . . If its your first time in Vegas I do recommend checking this place out! . . K.J.
3.5 stars.. . It's a nice hotel, the casino area is pretty and fancy, and if you've never been here, definitely walk through to get a semi-luxurious feel for the place.. . So, why 3.5 stars? Well, I've not a big fan of fake blue skies, and the shoppe at the Venetian feels a little crowded and a little bit cheesy/unrealistic to me. This is probably from the slightly narrow walkways thronged with people, and the canal.. . I like walking through it, but the prices here are also high.
We stayed here for the first leg of our honeymoon, and it was truly fantastic.  I am reserving a five star for the update!. . My husband and I had never been to Vegas before and decided to go here for part of our honeymoon.  The Venetian was one of a few of the hotels suggested to us by our travel agent.  After asking around family and friends we decided to stay at the Venetian and it was one of the best decisions we made. . . When we arrived the check in was quick and efficient, though I felt like the front desk staff acted as though we were looking for freebies when we mentioned that we were here celebrating our honeymoon (even though they asked our reason for visiting).  At that point I was less than pleased.  I know that Vegas is a big place for quicky marriages, but we weren't looking for anything just sharing our experience. . . Once we were done with check in things started looking up.  The hotel and casino are visually stunning and a pleasure to walk through.  I don't know if it is just that we were in a desirable location, but I didn't find the hotel or casino too difficult to navigate as is mentioned inother reviews.  Yes it was big and took a bit of walking to get around, but it was fun. . . As we were walking to the elevators we passed by the Grand Lux Cafe (which every staff member mentioned a million times, but is a good option if you don't feel like going out) and then we reached the Bouchon Bakery Kiosk.  I was in heaven!  First order of business order macarons. . . Then the hotel room...Stunning.  We had a room on the 33 floor that overlooked a golf course and though it was not a strip view it proved to be even better on the fourth of July when we were able to watch 18 firework shows at once from the privacy of our room. . . The bathroom was spacious and though we didn't take advantage of the tub, the shower was very nice with good water pressure. . . The bed was wonderful and very comfortable for a hotel bed.  . . I have said it many times while staying here and afterwards that when we return to Vegas we will definitely stay at the Venetian.
I have stayed in a lot of the hotels on the Strip over the years and the Venetian stacks up pretty well against the others. Comfy beds, nice amenities, and a pretty central location on the strip makes it a good choice. I used the concierge service to get safety pins (fashion emergency) and they were a little slow but still were fairly on time. My one complaint about the room would be its size--I expected it to be a little bigger. It felt cramped with all the oversized furniture in the room. . . The pool is nice, but definitely could use a shot of chlorine--it was pretty cloudy, especially around the edges. The people working the pool area from the cocktails to to the towel people are on pointe--they are constantly roaming around, asking people what they need and picking things up. One of the cleaner pool areas I've visited in Vegas. . . I was here on a fluke but I liked it and would recommend it to out of towners!
Love this hotel, beautiful rooms and the customer service is top of the line. Excellent restaurants throughout the hotel and mall. I love staying here every time I visit Las Vegas. My only complaint is the pillows are really lumpy and when we called and asked for foam pillows they were almost as bad as the regular lumpy ones. I would have brought my own if it didn't take up so much suitcase space. Also something like $15 dollars a day for internet is insane considering internet cost me $15 a month at home. . . Worth the price, the rooms are huge and make you feel like a king while on vacation
I have visited the Venetian many times before but it was first time staying at the hotel. Very classy and you wouldn't think it was an old hotel. It has beautiful paintings and fountains everywhere. . There were 5 of us girls here for a bachelorette we got a suite for a very good price. There were two queens bed and you step down to a living area with two nice couches, two tv's and a wonderful big bathroom. We had a clear glass shower, bathtub, and a seperate room for the toilet. . For five girls get dressed up for every occasion the room definitely worked out.  There were plenty of mirrors in the room and we all fit perfectly. The room was clean and we when called for more towels, they came in about ten minutes.. There are plenty of restaurants in the Venetian and its very elegant everywhere you go.. The pool is awesome and they have the Tao beach club which is great for the youngsters.. The only reason I didn't give five stars is because check out is at 11am, which is ridiculous in my book, especially in Vegas when we stay up all night. We got an extension till 12 but we had to ask personally at the front desk, we couldnt call.. Great place to stay, wouldn't mind staying here again.
All I can say is wow. The Venetian is beautiful and upscale. Super clean. The ambiance is fabulous. Staff all very friendly. The room? The suite was spacious at over 700 sq ft with a sunken living area with a large sectional, huge down bed, remote control drapes, huge bathroom with glass shower and seperate tub, 3 tvs. The pools-all 11 were nice. The casino wasn't too large to the point you feel lost but as a result got really crowded especially on Friday night. Having the shopping at your fingertips and so many restaurants was nice. I love that Walgreens is connected outside which made it easy to stop in for cocktails at a much cheaper price and that brings me to why I didn't put 5 stars on this massive hotel resort. Everything is very expensive! $7 bottled beers and $12 frozen drinks in a small cup? made poolside very expensive for us. I never got the feel that I was lost getting around though I also felt like there were parts I probably missed. I would have liked more specific info on the resort in the room including the pool parties, etc.
Nice place................Yes.. Fun place to stay.....Yes.. Pricey.........................Big Yes.. Worth it?....................Yeah.. Location.....................Decent.. Hard to find way around....Hell Yes.. Wifi..............................Not so good.. . Stay Again..................Maybe, depending on the deal.
Such a romantic spot!  I love the piazza, the performers, the gondola and singing.  Also one of the best food courts in the strip.  . . The many masks adorned hotel provides endless opportunities for picture taking.  I wanted to take pic of every mask, but it's impossible, they are everywhere.. . The line for the gondola ride was long,  next time then.
I know it' glitzy but I like it. There is something about sitting out In the piazza watching the makeshift sky go from dawn to dusk and having a glass of wine watching the world go by. Nice rooms and great shopping too. Something about this place just sets it apart from the others.
Still nice after all these years - though the indoor/outdoor thing is still a little creepy.
Probably one of the reasons why our Las Vegas trip was sooooo fun and special.  The Venetian is perfect: the decor, the staff, and the location is right smack in the middle of everything!!! Flaws: Our bathroom door wouldn't close completely til you use your entire strength, toilet bowl was clogged up at one point, and the sofa bed was actually pretty darn filthy.  But who cares we probably only spent a total of 10 hours in our hotel room the whole time we were in Vegas. You can already spend hours and hours strolling around shops and sights between the Palazzo and the Venetian. Already planning on another trip!
Not the newest hotel in Vegas, but large comfortable and reasonably priced suites. Always enjoy my stay here each time. Everyone always complains about me staying here, but our room always ends up being being the party room because of its very much spacious room(s). Maybe that's not a good thing.
So far, The Venetian is my favorite place to stay at on The Strip.. . Its conveniently in the middle of the strip, connected to the Palazzo (where LAVO is located), has a good variety of shops and restaurants and also is home to TAO. . . As for the rooms, they're spacious and there's plenty of areas to sleep on such as the beds and couches.
Im just rating the Casino part for this review.. . Went there after midnight and had a great time with my husband. Played for about 3 hours and ended up even. played $1 slots, blackjack and craps. I was very impressed with how fast our  waitress was with our free drinks. Very speedy.. . We had a couple of new comers to the gambling world and they were very helpful showing them the rules of the games and were very pacient with them.. . I like the decor, not over  the top.
I've stayed at the Venetian several times on my Vegas adventures, and I'm always happy when to see its name pop up when boyfriend and I use Priceline to get deals on 5 star hotels on the strip (totally a great way to do Vegas, btw).. . Even with a great deal, The Venetian is on the pricey side, so be aware. You're not Tresure Islanding it, here.. . The rooms are fabulous and much larger than you would expect. If you're planning on coming to Vegas with a group of people, this would be a great spot to pick and all go in on a nicer hotel room. Bathrooms are nice - separate tub, shower, and private toilet area. Most rooms come with a pretty legit view.. . The one downside of the Venetian is that it's not centurally located on the strip, so if you want to go down towards Tropicana and that ish, you've got quite hike ahead of you. It's possible, though. Our group did it in under an hour with bottles of Two Buck Chuck in hand for each of us, so I have full faith in all of you.
This was a nice hotel that I recently spent a weekend at with a bunch of friends for a bachelor party. We all seemed to enjoy the place. We ended up with a couple of adjoining suites and packed them to the gunnels. . . The couches and beds were comfy. The rooms were properly equipped with ironing boards, multiple TVs, Hi ball glasses, etc. We were wishing that we had some bigger ice buckets! As it was we had to do the motel 6 move of taking the igloo to the ice machine and well you know how that goes.... . PRO TIP #1: Always take the free Valet parking!. . The hotel provided a myriad of little bathroom items that are always needed by someone; shower cap w/scrunche, mending kit, emery board and something, and q-tips. That is in addition to the standard soap, shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and lotion.. . The decor was nice and with the suites not low end. The rooms were narrow but long with a railing for the living room area but no fridge or cooking area at all.. . PRO TIP #2: make sure you always have a key card with you or the group you are in whenever you go downstairs. They post guards to key card check the rooms... annoying but gotta keep the hookers out somehow eh?. . The main entrance has some wonderfully colonnaded arches and vaulted ceilings. The colors are matched throughout the entire facility. Dark wood accents in the restaurants to the furniture in the rooms. Khaki stonework throughout the main casino entrance and hallways as well as the paint in the rooms.. . Overall it was a great stay, but its a bit pricey I think as well. The hotel service  was lacking at times as we had to order extra towels and didnt end up with maid service in one of our two rooms grrrrr... but overall it was a great stay for us.
I usually stay at the Palazzo.  Both equal.  Great rooms, great beds.  Great selection of restaurants.  Venetian is going thru another reno, so expects great things from one of the best hotels on the strip.
First visit - Great hotel-friendly staff - large spacious rooms - upscale casino and dining options. Pool was an excellent place to spend most of the day relaxing before hitting up the Casino for gambling or show. We had a chance to experience their spa and that was top notch as well - we will be back for sure.
Not bad at all, I was here for the first time iwth few other friends.  $200 a night on the weekend and the room was in excellent condition.  2 large tvs, a L shape bed couch, 1 work desk, 1 table and with a tub and shower in the bathroom.  A great room for partying during the stay in Vegas. . . Also the pool is on the 4th floor, no free entry for the tao bench club, but the pool was a pretty cool place to chill during the day.  Also you gain hotel guest entry for Tao night club, the wait was pretty short and the cover charge was $20.  . . I want to complete my staying at every hotel on the strip goal, or else I would come back here very soon.  Only reason I didn't give it a 5star is because the casino wiped me and my friends out.
Got to stay here last year because of comps. 3 nights free! . . Very nice hotel. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room....ahem our suite was very nice. Bigger than the townhouse we currently reside:(. . Do I really need to say we enjoyed our stay?!? . . The only knock was how inconvenient it was to get to our suite. Had to catch one elevator to the next floor then walk down a hall then around a corner to catch another elevator to get to our room. Needless to say I got lost everyday we were there! The reason for the loss of a star.
Gorgeous rooms, wonderful shops, desirable restaurants, fun pools, and of course, a gondola ride. . . I've stayed here, ridden here, gambled here, eaten here. My favorites are staying here and eating here -- whether it's Mario B's 'B&B' or any number of tasty destinations. . . Hung out on the top floor in the Suite to Die For helping friends celebrate a birthday. Lovely. Right down to the baby grand piano I had the pleasure to play. . . So much to like here. I'm overdue for another stay.
We stayed one night at the Venetian after spending two nights at the Planet Hollywood. While the Planet Hollywood was a nice place it doesn't compare to the Venetian. . . Rooms: The hotel is absolutely beautiful with all rooms being "suites," the curtains are remote controlled and our room had three T.V.'s.. . Food: The Grand Luxe Cafe has a great menu selection for all price points and the portions are generous.. . Gondola Rides: We decided to do the indoor Gondola Ride and while it was fun, In my opinion it is not worth the $16 per person for the ten or so minutes that you are actually on the Gondola.. . Overall the Hotel/Casino is beautiful and the staff provided wonderful service. Would definitely stay again!
We stayed on the 4th floor, the same floor as the pool, spa and the Rio Beach Club. There is a corridor to the Palazzo and all the great restaurants. Best of all, no kids running around, all the guests on our floor were adults.
Where Bouchon Bakery is at. Of course I want to stay here! XS is here and even though I haven't been clubbing in forever, I would like to experience the "night life" at least once here. . . The architecture of this hotel is simply divine. Very romantic.. . After my stay at The Cosmopolitan, I want to stay here!
What a fabulous hotel!   We went just to tour and hopefully have a ride on the canal, but not everything works out as you wish.   The canal ride was too long a wait, so we opted instead for some fabulous gelato and a lovely walk thru, enjoying all the gorgeous art and architecture.  It is so amazing how you feel like you are outside and in Italy.   I even took the opportunity to help out a new bride and groom, taking some photos of the two with their camera against the lovely waterfall.  It was fun and they really appreciated the thoughtfulness.   Love all the restaurant and shopping options.  What fun!   The only thing that requires improvement, as do they all.......... is the casino in the middle of the room with all the smokers.  YUK!   What a turn-off!   What a shame....
Is gorgeous just like being in italy the shops are great as well.
OCCURRENCE:  first time. DATES STAYED: September 7-9 2012. ROOM:   Bella Suite 4-626 with 2 Queen Beds (Venezia Tower). PRICE:   high priced . COMMENTS:  gorgeous hotel, definitely top 5 in Vegas . . LIKE: . - located mid-strip, walking distance to everything including the Fashion Show Mall. - fabulous interior design, including ceiling & bathrooms, chandeliers upfront. - efficient complimentary valet service and bellhop . - good service over all from valet, bellhop, front desk, security and waiters. - huge beautiful suite with sunken living room, study desk and dinette. - comfortable bed with feather weight white comforter. - 2 flat screen TV's (although we didn't watch any tv during our stay). - spacious bathroom with standing shower, bath tub, vanity table & mirror. - excellent coffee and pastries at Bouchon Bakery..  -Grand Lux Cafe offers affordable menu selection, our waiter was extra nice and   funny. - taxi line was super fast. . DISLIKE:  . - for the cost of the room, I find old worn out sofa, chairs and throw pillows (see pics) . - takes more than 15 minutes just to get to room from the front desk. - bathrobes missing in room, had to call front desk. - bathrobes and towels are bleached and disgustingly crisp (as in not soft-yuk). - our room view overlooks a parking structure-  no coffee maker/mini fridge (I think   this is standard in Vegas hotels). - resort fee of $20 plus tax per day (room charge is costly enough). . . www.melindajackson.blogspot.com
The Venetian is a really gorgeous hotel to stay in.  It's crazy trying to find your room in this massive hotel, but writing your room number on your hand may help you keep from getting lost.. . The rooms are beautiful.  They are a semi-suite, with a living room, that is separated from the bedroom by a step down versus by a wall.  The living rooms are equipped with desk with a multi function fax/printer as well as a flat screen tv and a comfy couch.  One bummer is that the refrigerator is full of stuff you have to buy, so forget putting your own drinks in there.  But, on the bright side if you want super overpriced snacks and drinks, you got it!. . The beds are very comfy and they come with robes and slippers... and another tv in front of the bed!  The bathroom is huge with a separate little room  with the toilet.  They are equipped with both a shower and a tub and come with some decent toiletries and I personally found the towels thick and fluffy.. . The pools at the Venetian are nice, but not super exciting.  Tao day and nightclub is right next door, so you can hear the tunes from there, but the regular pool is large but with no extras.  Best part is TONS of lounge chairs around the pool and off in little areas, some shaded, some not.  There are two large pools and one large jacuzzi.  You can also walk over to the Palazzo pools and they have a little more variety over there.  While we were here last, only one of the pools was opened... kinda a bummer because it was a LONG walk from the pool that was open to the jacuzzi.  But, it was all good.  Hot day, cool pool.  LOVE!. . The casino is large with a huge selection of games.  Really big poker room - YEA!  One of the bartenders at the center bar is freaking awesome... I don't know about the others.  Wish I'd gotten his name.  The Property (along with the Palazzo) also has a great selection of restaurants/bars, shopping, and shows. . . It really is a fun place.  Definitely sign up for Club Grazie and spend enough gambling and you can hang out in the Gold room.  HOORAY!  Love the gold room... snacks, drinks, quiet and private bathrooms.. . Overall, I enjoy this property.  I'll be back!. . WHAT CAN THEY DO TO GET FIVE STARS?. . It'll never happen.  The prices are too high, they charge a resort fee which just pisses me off and that filling the fridge with crap you have to buy is a serious pet peeve.  But, if they changed that, well... I'd go FIVE.
This place would have received a solid 5 stars if it was more girl friendly. . . The hotel is perfectly located at the heart of the strip giving you a good choice of places within walking distance. The hotel is beautifully decorated and the rooms are all suites with two beds, a table and a seating area. There is also an abundance of places to shop and eat within an elevator ride and short walk. I must admit I was addicted to the bouchon bakery goods. The pools are fabulous and Tao Beach and Nightclub are right there. If I was rating on convenience and location alone I would give the Venetian 5 stars.. . #GirlProblems: We had 99 problems and location ain't one! If you are sharing your room be warned! The see-through shower (which has no ledges for leg shaving convenience), bath, and sink are in one large room with a smaller toilet room. The bathroom looks fancy but the setup is not conducive to 4 girls getting ready at the same time.  If one person is showering the sinks, vanity, and toilet are inaccessible. The only reason we were able to manage is because there is an abundance of mirrors (including 2 full length mirrors) and a magnified mirror (which had a broken light) on the vanity that can be moved into the suite area- voila 4 beatification zones! . . A major problem was lighting, there was none! All the lights in the room are extremely dim. Worst of all the bathroom has awful lighting. Our room faced a wall so we had no natural light, it was awful. Girls, it is never fun to beautify in the dark. The closet is very tiny so be prepared to request additional hangers. None of the plugs in our bathroom worked, which created a real hassle. The bed area did not have enough plugs to accommodate our phone chargers so we needed to plug them in the suite area (the plugs near the door were being used on hair tools). . . There is no iPod dock or aux option on the radio, so bring your own speakers. Other than our girl problems our room was very nice. I did bed bug check, there was none. The hotel staff are very friendly and extremely accommodating. When we ordered things they came up within minutes, except for the luggage. I would not recommend using the valet for bags. The hotel is large so this service is very slow. On a similar note: the cab line can be very long so if you are trying to make dinner reservation, a flight, or a show send someone down early to save a space in the cab line.
There is something attractive about the Venetian and Pallazo that brings me back here when I visit Vegas.  I love the famous chef's restaurant offerings here too.  The crowd is well behaved here and everyone is having fun here.
The hotel and the rooms are beautiful, even though my view was the parking lot.... I have no complains other than the long hallways and the two separate elevators you have to take to get to the room and back to lobby. The casino is very small and nothing compared to the MGM casino. Tao Club was nice but VERY crowded. Do not put your drink down or they will slip something in it. All it takes (from what i was told) is two drops of Visine to get you messed up!! Tao beach was okay, nothing to talk about. I think it's a bit over rated. The restaurants are nice, we ate at Zeffirino and the service was GREAT! The food was good and desert even better. There's a huge mall on the second floor of the hotel...stores like BEBE, Kenneth Cole and much more! Very nice. I ordered room service a few times, a little pricey but food was good. Overall i would give it a 4 star, and I probably would go back.
Thanks for the Memories !!!. . My hotel of choice, partially biased by the memories of my best trips to Vegas happening when I stayed at The Venetian, is of course The Venetian.. . I like this for so many reasons:. . 1) They are adjacent to many good restaurants. . 2) The clientele is a good mixture of eye candy and people one can say "aren't obnoxious knuckleheads" that you'd see at a few other spots in Vegas.. . 3) The proximity of the location is perfect on the strip, walking distance to the heart of the strip, which I consider from Bally's to the Wynn.. . 4) The rooms are spacious, as every room, as they say, is a suite.. . Overall, I prefer The Venetian over the Pallazo, Wynn, Encore, Mandalay Bay, Aria, and the others I think are in the same style and price range.. . *) Interesting note about their customer service.  In one breath, they're great if your cell phone battery dies, you can leave your phone to get a free charge, which is a convenience many don't know about.  On the other hand, once, when I left, I'd left a pair of prescription eye glasses in my room, checked out of the hotel, and called them that day to inquire, and they seemed nonchalant and didn't seem to put much effort to instill confidence in me that they even attempted to look for them or had any white glove treatment follow through to confirm or deny with a courtesy status update.  So, I'd give that a coin toss.. . Also, on a side note, I thought I heard a story where the security at the Venetian years ago once mistakenly mistook a high roller's daughter dressed up in typical night club attire hanging out at the hotel for a hooker, which caused a major issue, so going forward the management supposedly turned a blind eye to avoid making costly assumptions, so that's why you might see more girls selling their wares than other hotels... urban legend and myth or ?  There's only one way to find out... j/k
I love the decorations atthis place. I remember I kept looking at the ceiling. The clouds look like they are moving when you walk. The Gondola ride looks pretty cool, I'll have to check that out next time I'm out there.
My stay at this hotel was short, but it was an awesome experience. The Phantom of the Opera was playing it's last show and I got a chance to see it before it's last run. Overall, the staff of the hotel were very nice and helpful. The rooms were large and spacious, and the accommodations were plentiful. This hotel is beautiful and very inviting and I would stay here again if I come back to Las Vegas.
My wife and I stayed at the Venetian last weekend for 2 nights.  The room was great, quiet, large and clean.  The Sin City bar has good beer, same with the Public House rest.    The only negative would be charging for in room wifi and using the internet in the business center .
This is a very fun and beautiful hotel ! The reason I give it four stars and not five is that my tv in the bathroom did not work. I asked for a refrigerator upon check in and the employee said it would be on the house which was sweet of him. So i tipped him for the kind gesture. it took the hotel  one whole day to do so bring the frig to my room when the employee told me it would be up in 15 minutes. When they finally brought the frig, they brought two up instead if one. I had to call again and fix everything over the phone. Very annoying!!! The style and theme for the Venetian is very nice BUT needs some touch ups. It is a older hotel , than the palazzo or Wynn or the encore so I understand the wear on something's but a hotel like this should be well maintained to keep its reputation. The venetian is an original 5 star hotel and to keep that rating the hotel should be kept in tip top shape.  There were huge black marks on the doors. But there is alot to do here. Shops are great. The scenery is to die for. This hotel is very unique!! Nothing quite like the Venetian. The architecture truly makes you feel as though you're in Italy. Very nice hotel . Very fun however a Hotel like this needs to be well maintained to keep its status. Highly recommend !!
I think this hotel is very romantic, nicely done and very nice all the way around.  Great spot on the strip, the mall is awesome, can't beat the gondola rides ... Very cool place!  I have stayed at 6 other hotels in Vegas but not here yet ... Next time for sure!
This may be one of my new favorite hotels to visit now I signed up for the Grazie players card so i'll need to gamble here a bit as well now lol. The casino itself is very nice. I haven't tried any of the eating places but i know it will be way beyond my budget lol. I'll be back though
A high class hotel for a no class dude like me, brilliant!  Some shit's gonna happen at the Venitian for sure. Romance, bromance I'm here to partaaay baby.. . Whats not to like about the Venetian?   . . This is a pretty nice place to stay, large room, comfy king sized bed, great view.. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=yaywR9H7TN7JqScOd9At3A&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=i_SDI_K3dXeeJJXUYpEbSw&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=6Ey9K83HdWY52cuKhwVmAQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-venetian-las-vegas-3?select=QeSM4LwVrjXo2fjxTJ8xLA#QeSM4LwVrjXo2fjxTJ8xLA. . Great Art. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=LaeVhFt-ZgPDqIgFFi7psA&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=gkapUUsZcBa_cA7S6xHYng&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=kYsz2dVvhQcGqazhFyqIYQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-venetian-las-vegas-3?select=wyv2Dxrn-YsmCxg9LRa-2Q#wyv2Dxrn-YsmCxg9LRa-2Q. . DaVinci Exhibit. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-venetian-las-vegas-3?select=-LF4Djs7NPuei6D1B0vgPQ#-LF4Djs7NPuei6D1B0vgPQ. . Cool Shops. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-venetian-las-vegas-3?select=DU07DEVVg6MtuAKb0rkx9w#DU07DEVVg6MtuAKb0rkx9w. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=5POArqbDyMhWdHkYHypEuw&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. . Great Food. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=lilGGLerloMXwscZ4D2TCg&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=iK0praadEO0s1HXWN_P5iA&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=_ncmx4f7Cpjk-12I0buXgQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. . And Candy too. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/new-york-pretzel-at-the-venetian-las-vegas?select=Q95ZDTULScY4Fzwzxa0Lhg#Q95ZDTULScY4Fzwzxa0Lhg. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-venetian-las-vegas-3?select=xINvFCQSpmZGffFpU0tEiQ#. . The Venetian is almost 5 ***** Star in my book but ...................The only thing wrong .... NO ICE or vending machines on the 11th  floor! WTF -1* Star. I spent a several days here on a recent business trip. Company dime, hell yea!. 4 days no police, no ATF officers, no DEA, no FBI, not even a single meter maid, this place is boring. I'm going back downtown where shit happens and it don''t cost $10 bucks for a pack of smokes and nobody looks at ya funny for ordering a bottle  of Bud or for wearing a trucker hat and having a rebel flag tattoed on your neck. I miss Fremont street.
For some reason, the smell inside the Venetian always reminds me of Vegas...probably because I have stayed there so many times and it has to be one of my favorite hotels. I've gone a weekend where I never left the hotel because everything you could possibly want is there. First the rooms - large enough to fit 4-6 comfortably in the suite since the larger rooms will have 2 queen beds and sofa bed/couch in the living room area. Second, the restaurants - great selection of food for all budgets in mind. You can go from the high end to the average price to the food court and still be satisfied. The sports book is huge and right next to Noodle Asia, a more expensive asian cafe but the food is really good. The clubs - Tao and Tao beach. You can't go wrong going there on a Thursday-Saturday and going to the pool party during the summer. And then of course, the Canal shops...something for everyone as well if you want to spend the day shopping or just walking around. Definitely a hotel to stay in if you want the finer things that Vegas has to offer.
What is it with Vegas suites not having locks on the bathroom doors? . That is honestly the only real complaint I have. . . Otherwise, what a great hotel! One of the love and hate things about this place was the way to get to our suite. I think there were about 4 or 5 different ways and x amount of elevators so it was easy to get lost. I had to remember landmarks on where to turn in the halls just to make it back up to my room from the entrance. Pretty fun when you are mildly intoxicated. . . The room was lovely. Though, i thought the design was odd. Instead of having the beds at the far end of the room, the living room was? I felt like that didn't make any sense to because you would have to walk pass people sleeping to go sit. Maybe I think it should be the living area first then the beds? Just an idea. . . Oh yeah, a gang of shops and food areas all in the same building.
Stayed on a Monday night; floor was fairly vacant and quiet.  One big convention at hotel.  Guard checks your room key to get onto elevator.  . . Room: Bedroom area w/TV; living room area w/TV; bathroom w/TV!  Beautiful room and bathroom.  Really a suite.  Hard to find outlets for charging cell phone and light switches are hidden on wall on one side of bed.  Bed is really comfortable.  . . At check-in, they didn't mention the $20 resort fee (or the $2.40 tax on the resort fee!).  Unfortunate.  I learned that I get wi-fi for this, but not if I don't know it!!  Desk clerk immediately offered a room upgrade (extra charge).  I declined and my room was beautiful (no view).    Housekeeping knocks at 8:30 a.m. to see if they can clean the room.  . . In room snacks and mini bar items are on "scales"; if you remove one item, your room is automatically charged.. . Ate at Gran Lux; great food.  Hotel facilities are great.  Canal with gondolas are fantastic.  St. Mark's Square is magnificent.  Hotel is huge.  Easy to get lost.
nice hotel! we got a suite and it overlooked the Las Vegas strip.  the room was like a mini studio, which included a separate dining space.  definitely a killer deal!
Gorgeous hotel and the check-in service was pleasant. I stayed in a suite with two beds and living room area. Very spacious and clean. Shopping is fab and food is delicious wherever you go here. . . My only complaint is that the hotel and casino is enormous and everything looks the same. It was a pain in the ass to find my room after drinking at Tao. At least the security was kind enough to help my sis when she got lost. No phone, no key. Haha
The Venetian is a timeless classic of a hotel that will always hold a special place in my heart.  But compared to the new breed of hotels, it just doesn't hold the same appeal as it once did.. . The suitesare still pretty big, and you can definitely stuff plenty of people in them if that's your goal because you'll usually have a king-sized bed and a pull-out sofa.  And the bathroom is top-notch, made of marble and individual shower stalls.  But now, the design is all just a bit blase now.  I'd probably say functional, but not as aesthetically pleasing compared to other newer breed hotels.. . The casino floor is nice, but all the tables/machines are pretty smushed together.  It can be a real pain in the ass when there's a bunch of people, because it gets super crowded.  Everything also begins to look the same after a while, which is an issue if you're trying to look for something. The poker room is isolated from all that though and very large with plenty of tables.  The sports book is top-notch with the numerous huge screens and leather chairs.  Great place to watch sports.  The shops are nice, and who can complain about the gondola??. . Overall, I'd still stay here if I got a good deal.  But after living at the Cosmo, this place just can't compare anymore.
Great Hotel.  Always nice people and treat you like they need you.
One of my favorite hotels and best casinos in Las Vegas.. Great dining options, I'm always coming back to Bouchon and Taqueria C.. Lots of variants how to entertain yourself and it doesn't mean to run all over Vegas - everything is situated here - from wax museum till Gondola rides and unforgettible shopping facilities.. Our room was beautiful! Suite, it has a bedroom and living room, a very large bathroom with a glass shower, double sinks.. The bathroom has a corner mirror, which is very convenient and appreciate the girls to try on dresses!. The hotel itself is built in the form of small streets of Venice, with cafes, beautiful views from the windows, boats, and ride them guests at the beautiful songs of gondoliers. . I'm looking forward to the time when I can get back here!
One of my favorite places to stay on the strip. Clean and the suites are spacious. Plus their rewards program (Grazie) gives back more than any other that I've seen.
Love this place. Love the feel to it and love the boat ride through the joint. They did a good job making u feel like ur somewhere else
I love, love, love coming here to The Grand Canal Shoppes. Of course there are some shops that are pricey however the canal and the ambiance makes me feel like I'm in Italy. I love just walking through, so pretty!
The Venetian is a truly beautiful property, imitating what you might see in Venice. The interior is nicely decorated, and the lobby is magnificent. The marble columns and floors add a nice touch.. . The casino is not as well ventilated as other casinos, and it is more cramped, but as I am not too keen on gambling, this doesn't factor into my rating and didn't bother me very much except for when walking in or out of the hotel. . . The rooms are also very nice. The living room and bathroom are both spacious, but it is the bathroom that is the best part about the room. Every part of the bathroom is magnificent - the marble, the mirrors, the TV, the tub, the shower, etc. I really enjoyed my stay here.. . The only con is that you have to pay a resort fee of about $25/night for amenities like the gym and Wifi, but the Internet doesn't work very well and can be extremely slow at times. Also, I think it would be nicer if the hotel were a little more south of its current location as walking to other hotels of interest (Caesars Palace, Paris, etc) can seem like quite the trek. Otherwise, I would definitely recommend the Venetian and would stay there again.
Though not as updated and spotless as the Palazzo, the Venetian is still a top-notch hotel will great suites and super-friendly service. . . I stayed there three nights for a business trip last week and had no complaints. My room was spacious, clean and beyond comfortable.  I must admit it's becoming one of my favorite venues in Vegas - I always win on the slots here, there's lots of good restaurants and it's connected to The Sands Expo - definitely a convenient place to stay for tradeshows and the like.
Handicapables:. LONG distances from hotel areas to parking lot, casino and restaurants.  Asthmatics, there are non-smoking areas to the casino.
There are no "regular" rooms here.  Everything is a "suite."  The standard suite is better than lots of upgraded rooms at other hotels on the strip.  It is either a 1 or 2-bedroom suite with a sunken living room.  There is also a small dining table and office area in the room near the window.  The office area consists of a printer and wired hub for your internet needs.  The bathroom is extremely spacious with 2 sinks, a tub, and a shower in each room.  The actual "toilet room" is connected to the bathroom, but for some odd reason, does NOT have a lock on it.  Not good if you have those practical jokers staying with you.. . * Check in is a breeze.  They seem to have enough attendants at any given time, including a few at the "Invited Guest" check-In.. * Player's Club (Grazie) has decent benefits and sends you free rooms from time to time.. * 3 TVs in each room. * Mini bar in each room.  Might be in a cabinet, so look around.  . * Upgrades are not that expensive and the rooms are a lot nicer.. * Need your room key/card to get to the elevators to the room.  This is both good and bad because some people I go with are staying at other hotels and I don't want to have to go down to get them if I want them to come up to the room.  However, I do like the added security.. * $20 upgrade trick works here.  But, maybe not all the time and to varying degrees.  For instance, you might only get a same size room, but with a Strip view.. * Temptation is also in your room.  And no, I'm not talking about those brochures they hand out on the street.  I'm talking about the snacks that are put on scales, so when you pick it up, you bought it!  I am always tempted to pick it up to look at it.  I have no idea why.  It's not like I can't get cashews in the Bay Area!. . As far as food, they have a mini-food court in which some of the places stay open 24 hours.  There are also a bunch of high-end restaurants in the walkway between Venetian and Palazzo not to mention a Grand Lux Cafe (they have a small breakfast buffet in the morning here).  They also have a Bouchon Bakery under the escalators and near the room elevators.  Delicious pastries here!. . The casino is fairly big and has enough variety.  My favorite slot is the Wheel of Fortune machine and they have a few of them of different denominations all over.  There are tons of tables, but I'm still waiting for an Uno table.  I mean, if places can have war, why not Uno?!?
I hadn't stayed at a Vegas hotel since I was 17 so I had nothing to compare this to. It's nice but over the top, which I assume all Vegas hotels are. They play up the theme throughout.. . We got to Vegas early in the morning and were able to pay $75 for an early check-in which got us into our room immediately. Ripoff, yes, but what isn't in Vegas? I was glad we didn't have to wait all day.. . The rooms are huge and clean. We had a king bed with a TV. A small living room with a TV. A huge bathroom with tub, shower, two sinks, a toilet closet, and yes, a TV.. . The hotel is connected to the Palazzo by tons of luxury shops and the fake canals. They are so silly to look at, but it's fun to walk through "Venice.". . One thing to note--the towels are horrible! The "bathrobe" was literally so hard it hurt my skin. I took it off immediately. It felt like a towel that had been sprayed with gallons of starch. The bath towels were slightly better--at least usable. Still, for a hotel that's as nice as this, I expected more.. . Would go back to the Venetian again.
Great place to unwind and relax. Usually, we end up leaving our hotel property and checking out Vegas. Not this time. The Venetian held our interest with great food, nice pools, friendly staff and plenty to do. Our rooms were incredible and furnished with great amenities - electronic shades, plush seating, couches, huge bathroom and a comfy bed. What else do you need. A tip - don't touch the honor bar - it is monitored by weight.
Great rooms, great shopping, friendly staff, amazing clubs - i would definitely stay at this hotel again because everything you need is within the walls! make sure you check for deals and steals because the rooms can get pretty pricey. But if you can swing it, this is the ideal location to stay for big groups. If you can get adjoining rooms - all the better!!
Splendide hotel, les chambres sont magnifiques et le rapport qualite / prix est vraiment top !
Cool place to visit if you're a tourist.. . You will probably be doing a lot of window shopping because everything is ultra high-end here.. . Bring your camera, take pictures, and only shop if you hit the jackpot.
Arrived on a Friday morning, July 6, 2012 (sorry, long overdue review!). . This was actually my third stay here (this time for a bachelor party), and I'm a fan.  Being older than its sister hotel, Palazzo, deals can be easily found for stays here.  I believe it's all suites, and they are spacious enough to accomodate a group of 5, maybe 6 if you get a pull-out bed (there is a couch in em, but I don't recall it pulling out).. . I'm a huge proponent of staying at a hotel within walking distance of your main clubbing/drinking spot.  So, if you plan to party at TAO or Lavo, stay here!  The pool isn't as poppin as, say, Cosmo, but it's nice enough.. . For late night eats, check out Grand Lux Cafe (a slightly more upscale Cheesecake Factory), esp if you don't want the night to end by hit up other drunk, fiending club-goers.
DATE: Saturday, Jul 9, 2011 - Monday, Jul 11, 2011. ROOM TYPE: Luxury Suite (renovated room). LENGTH OF STAY: 2 nights. RATE: $145.27/night after taxes @ hotwire.com. . ___________________________________. . :::: [ THE HOTEL ] ::::. . The most basic room, the "Luxury Suite," is equipped with:.                - Spacious rooms..                - Separate bed & sunken living room..                - Three LCD televisions..                - Dining table..                - Updated interior. (Tasteful blend of classic w/modern touches.).                - Large tub..                - Plenty of seating areas/hosting space..                - Dual sinks in the bathroom..                - Separate tub & shower..                - Great water pressure..                - Remote-controlled shades and black-out drapes..                - Scanner/printer/copier/fax machine w/USB in all rooms..                - Plenty of power outlets..                - Lots of storage space.. . ___________________________________. . :::: [ THE CASINO & REST OF THE PLACE ] ::::. .                - Lots of blackjack & poker machines for the n00bs..                - Konami slot machines.                - Premium liquor available upon request..                - Huge variety of games..                - Lots of restaurants for a wide range of budgets...                - If you haven't been/aren't going to go to Italy........ gondola rides?.                - If you're a camera whore, there are lots of areas for decent shots.
Such a beautiful hotel, one my Top 5 picks for Vegas! Luxury Suite is the way to go! Huge room, great for partying =) affordable rates under $200 a night. Elegant restaurant with delicious Italian cuisine, and if you win some money might as well find some babe and ride the Gondola.  Totally a seal the deal move!
Threw my 31st birthday party here and it was amazing.  Our suite was roughly 1500 sq/ft.  Enough to rock 27 of my friends.  Hotel is beautiful.  While some things can be updated, its a nice hotel to stay in.
The last time I stayed there from 3/9-3/12 was disappointing/inconvenient as the type of room I had booked and prepaid for (King, non-smoking) was no longer available.  I was offered 2 Queens non-smoking or 1 King smoking.  I chose the 2 queens.  I was so looking forward to a bath and the room I discovered (after stepping into the bathroom) was a wheelchair accessible room!  No tub and a shower curtain for shower that was rather small.  I was not informed of this at check-in.  I called the front desk immediately and they were going to try and move me into another room the next day therefore I could not unpack and I had to wait for their call the next morning to make arrangements for them to move me.  This would have been avoided had they told me up front.. . Note - the Venetian is my favorite hotel to stay in LV.  The spa is absolute heaven and the restuarants are very good.  The location is central to everything on the strip and walking distance from many sites and the fashion mall.. . I just wish they would have given me the room I had paid for and if not be more informative of the details of the room (considering this hotel is rather on the pricey side).
Stayed here with my family a while back. The standard rooms are by far the most spacious of any other major hotel in vegas. The bathrooms are very nice, but I remembered that they do not lock (which may or may not have changed since I've been). The simulated outdoor mall is very cool if you have never been!
Very nice room, pleasantly surprised when we arrived.
This hotel is gorgeous. I love that they made it look like Italy with the buildings and the piazza. The gondolas were fun and I like that the painted sky was believable. There was a statuesque person posing in the piazza that looked like a real statue. And we had fun shopping there. All-in-all a good hotel to swing by when in Vegas. :)
Now this is a hotel I wished I had slept in! We had dinner here one night, and although the portions were small and overpriced (no surprise), they were very good. We also enjoyed looking down below at the people on the gondola rides, and the general atmosphere of Venice was great.
This place is sooooo nice! the shows within the hotel was great! the shopping, the restuarants! the "boat" rides were ok....in theory it's good and romantic...in reality after you got on the boat....it's ok...
I have stayed at the Venetian quite a few times. That always seems to be the 'Go to' that my friends like to stay at. (E.G. two bachelorette parties that I attended this past year, we roomed here, and a birthday party not long ago). I don't know why, I personally don't have a preference for staying here, when it's just my significant other and I.. . Anywho, I have a big knack for their "Grand Lux Cafe." it's really good and is the same chain as Cheesecake Factory. I find it convenient since it is opened 24 hours a day and the food is pretty good. Also, the decor at this hotel is pretty nice. Other than that, I don't have a major need to stay here.
I have a mental list of hotels I'd like to stay at while in Las Vegas...check this one off the list, and I must say I'll recommend it to anyone traveling out there.. . We checked in late as our flight got in at 6pm.  Brandi greeted us upon arrival...everything ran smooth at check in, we even got our Bella suite with requested sleeper sofa.  She gave us a map of the place explaining where things were (as I told her I've definitely got lost wandering around in there before) and we were on our way... One thing I didn't think we needed was the resort fee, though the people I traveled with wanted it and a PLUS is that it was optional...some hotels don't give you an option of purchasing it.. . Our room was FABULOUS!!! The ONLY problem I had was that all of the outlets in the bathroom didn't work...For a moment I thought my Chi Iron was broken till I tried an outlet outside the bathroom.  I didn't inform the hotel because there were working outlets in the room so it wasn't much of an inconvienience.  The room also had THREE TVs!!!!  Luxury for sure.... . As for other things in this hotel they have something for everyone...The Bourbon Room for some crazy karaoke craziness, great restaurants, the Palazzo attached to it, and no shortage of stores or places to eat on a budget.. . I wish the weather was warmer to take more advantage of the pool, but I did go out there - all of the staff I encountered were friendly.  . . The security is also good as they do check if you have a room key upon entering the elevators.  . . Our last dinner was at Lavo in the Palazzo - OMG AMAZING!!!!!. . Our last morning we had breakfast at the Grand Lux Cafe...our server was fabulous, she even gave us extra coffee to go after partaking in the breakfast buffet.  . . One of my favorite things about this place even just visiting the casino...the SMELL!!!! I wish I could bottle that smell up and take it home with me!!!
Beautiful is the best word to describe the Venetian Resort Hotel & Casino.I toured the Venetian on two occasions while I was visiting Las Vegas. The Venetian is a really nice hotel and casino. I'm a fan of the decor in the hotel .I appreciated the vintage appeal. The high ceilings and creative paintings are priceless. The hotel was clean and well maintained. The gondola in front of the hotel makes you feel like you're back in Venice, Italy. Riding the gondola is a great date night idea. I thinkthe Venetian is one of the more romantic hotels in Las Vegas. The Venetian is located within walking distance of most things on the strip. I definitely will be staying at the Venetian Resort Hotel & Casino on my next visit to Las Vegas.
One of my all-time favorite casinos. Great poker room with lots of tables. Circle bar is great for when AVN is in town. Decent rooms (I like the modern flavors better).. . The suites have a two-level setup. When you first walk in there is a very large bathroom. Then there are the beds before you walk down a few steps to the living area. Some suites open out into a private pool area.. . There is a really large and luxurious bathroom area with a walk-in closet and gorgeously decorated. The rooms have a very Italian decorating style (who would have thought?). . . You are in the middle of everything when you stay here. When you walk down to the main floors the casino is right there, poker room, several bars, restaurants, and the entrance to one of the malls. It is a great, centrally located place to get moving to anywhere. This is one of the things I love most about this hotel is that you feel like you are in the middle of everything. . . While it is a great hotel, personally, I prefer a more modern style so hotels like vDara and Aria are more appealing to me.
...
Does another Memorial Day have to be another drive to the coast or the mountains? Do we really have to, yet again, find an ocean side city or a bay to to enjoy an urban weekend? I struggled for weeks because I just couldn't deal with driving 10 miles an hour in a 45 or 55 MPH zone behind cyclists riding three across on a state highway. I couldn't imagine trying to enjoy a walk while bicycles fly by me at 20 MPH. What to do? I've always been contemptuous of Las Vegas, But I'm also sick of coming home after a weekend away more stressed than when I left because of speeding up and slowing down for bicycles, rounding a curve and slamming on my brakes for cyclists riding two or three across,  and getting flipped off half the time. . . I opened my mind and accepted the Venetian as an alternative. After several visits for conferences or meetings, I knew that the canal was a pleasant place to enjoy a walk and stop for dinner, so I took the plunge and did something different. It was the best move I've ever made. After just an evening I realized just how much having to dealing with bicycles everywhere else degrades the experience and the general quality of life. Yes, Las Vegas is a manufactured environment, but it's a GOOD manufactured environment. For the first time in a long time I feel completely relaxed after a weekend away.
Vegas in your 30s just isn't the same. Nothing makes you feel more stodgy, tired and old when you're just trying to get to the lobby gift shop for toothpaste at 10am in stretchy pants and glasses and end up stuck in an elevator with a pack of fresh, svelte 20 year olds on their way to the pool. Sigh.. . Anyway.. . The Venetian is really great for groups, particularly since adjoining rooms can be requested to create one big giant slumber party. The suites come with a pull-out sofa so 2 beds easily convert to 3! Only extra pillows and blankets from housekeeping are needed to turn the sofabed into a nice, comfy lazy-place. We packed 8 people in 2 rooms rather easily considering we're a bunch of high maintenance, space mongering bitches lugging around a ton of crap in giant suitcases. And there's so much going on in here that its not really necessary to leave the hotel.. . Protip : You can actually opt out of the resort fee to save $20/night and bet it on black instead!
3 times we got checked in to a room where:. . 1.There were still guests checked in the room (awkward!). . 2. A luggage bag was left placed on top of the bed (scary, what if there's a bomb inside of that bag). . 3. Room looked like it had been passed by a tornado. Matress with no sheet leaning against the wall, broken fridge right by the door, magazines on the floor, and so on..... . They were nice to make up for the mix ups though and gave us rooms with view. =) sweeet!. . And for these, minus 1 star making it 4 stars. =)
Spectacular all suite rooms - the living room area is as big as mine at home.  Rooms was completely clean and well appointed - maid service was very nice and hospitable as I had to work at the desk one time.. . Very secure, had security guards as the bottom for the elevators - need a key to get past the guards - not sure if that means extra secure, or means there is a need there for more security..... . All in all a pleasant stay - friendly staff, great rooms and easy to use.
i've been here many times and I've always had a good time. Me and my peoples we always stay at the same room. they got the electronic dice game here its pretty fun. The suites are pretty nice and are at a good price. I wish they would have more suite options for some non gamblers. unfortunately I dont gamble here enough to get the good rooms. it may be a while before we stay at the venetian again because we are venturing off to try other suites. But I have nothing bad to say about this place at all.. Overall good place to eat, party, swim and sleep.
I stay here all the time when I go toLas Vegas, and the service has always been over the top! The rooms are beautiful and the pools are honestly my favorite in Vegas! However, my last visit for my Bachelorette party did not go as expected one night. . . The security guard brutally screamed at my fiance for him saying "hold on dude" while reaching for his room key. His name is Preston. He got in my fiances face and was pretty much bad mouthing him, my fiance just stood there apolagizing while I had to push off this security gaurd.  I went to the front desk and you can't file a complaint there only by the security center. Which was inconvenient and ruined my fiances night...They need to work on their system a little bit better on disrespectful employees. . . However, overall its a beautiful hotel, very clean and perfect spot on the strip.
The suite was comfortable, great TV's and bed, could use a paint job as the banister was peeling. Room service was fabulous both food and service. Pool area was beautiful but disappointed with not opening until 9 (which was 9:05) tons of people waiting. The sundry area for lotion didn't open until 10:45 and you could not get food service at your chair. You might want to consider as there are many other hotels to choose from.
I have been fortunate enough to be able to stay at this property many times in the past couple of yrs because of my job. And this property along with the Palazzo is one of my favorite hotels on the strip.. . All the rooms here are like suites; even the smallest/cheapest room has a sleeping area & a living room area. So the rooms are spacious.. The beds used to be harder but I think they recently put in new toppers so the beds are extremely comfortable. . The restroom space is huge also! There's two sinks, a bath tub, a standing shower, a small tv hanging on the ceiling/wall & the toilet is in a small room on it's own. The best part about this restroom is the beauty counter! You can sit down when you put your makeup on.. The livingroom area includes a large Lshaped couch that can sleep two people, a round dining table with 3seats, and an office table. They also have a fax/copier by the office table so it's nice for those who are there to work; you can print materials in your room or send out faxes.. . The hotel itself has a lot of restaurants & retail stores. You don't really have to leave the hotel, you can get everything there!. . I also love their pool area, it's very large/spacious so it never feels too crowded.
just stunning to walk through!  and gotta love the wax museum... $30 entrance fee.
So this was my first time, in a very long time, that I've stayed at the Venetian hotel.  My friends apparantly got a great deal via Priceline, and since I was the 5th person to jump in on the trip, the split after 5 people was not bad...$80 for 2 nights.. . First Impressions. . As one of Vegas' best resorts on the strips, I was impressed with the grounds, and the layout of the casino area, but in all honesty, I wasn't impressed with the layout and the floorplan of the hotel side.  It was ridiculously confusing to get to the room, almost as if you're trying to get thru a maze, with two different elevators, and what not.  It simply wasn't cut to the chase--and yes, I did get used to it after a while, but getting to the room was just overall confusing.. . The Room. . The room was absolutely beautiful--lots of space, two flat screens, comfortable beds, amazing bathrooms with granite counter tops, big tub, and separate area for the toilet.  Very clean, and spacious.. . Service. . Service was 7/10.  Why? Well, for the most part, the staff was great--top notch and efficient, and no problems, but where I ran into problems was with the bell service.. It's ridiculously hot in Vegas, yet at the same time, the waiting area is outside, and so there's a crowd of people waiting for their bags to be brought up, and the service was quite inefficient.  Just as an advice, give yourself a good 1/2 hr to 45 minutes if you plan to request for your bags to be brought up to the valet area, since there's a long wait.  Don't plan yourself 10 minutes before, with an hour before to head back to McCarren. . . Overall. . Was satisfied, though in my book, the Bellagio still beats the Venetian in a lot of areas--the location of the Venetian, being on the north end, makes it hard to trek your way to the center/south end.  . . Overall Grade:   B+/A-
Friends were staying here over EDC weekend... They had a fabulous suite that included two beds and couches and a niiiice bathroom! The beds were comfortable as HELL and the couch wasn't bad either! And when we ran out of towels, housekeeping brought us some more STAT. I'd love to unofficially stay here again sometime!
My room (sort of a mini-suite) in the Venezia tower was very nice, and the pool in that tower was my favorite in the sprawling complex. The two other towers were the Palazzo (higher end shops in that one) and the Venetian (canal, gondola rides). The casinos smelled better than in most hotels on the strip. All of the decor was nice. The walk to the meeting rooms from Venezia was very long, but at least the check in lady warned me, so I didn't mind. The restaurants are overpriced, but that's everywhere on the strip. The shops are the same I can find at home, so I wasn't excited about them. . . The main pool complex needs more shade in my opinion. I strongly disliked the Azure and Tao private pools' booming sound systems - I can't imagine relaxing in either, though the music itself was good enough. I hated the Azure gimmick of saying you had a free admission with a pass, but not telling you that just to sit down inside, there's a $100 minimum drink order. ($400 for daybeds) They don't even allow outside water bottles, though I imagine that's because some folks smuggle booze that way. I found the attitude over the top and decided not to go in. I've seen the photos on the web, and the pool doesn't look like anything special. Based on overhearing others, I think they jack the drink prices up a TON- like $250 for a bottle of champagne.  That sounds high to me, but I don't drink alcohol, so what do I know. Not my scene.
My husband and I stayed at the Venetian for our first trip to Vegas recently. In researching the best places to stay, I wanted a really nice room and decor, and reasonably priced... on the Strip. The Venetian seemed to be the best choice. We bought our airline and room on Expedia (5 days/4 nights from DC for about $1700).. . The Venetian seemed to be like a fantasy to me. Really beautiful. We didn't get to ride the gondolas but I wish we had. They looked cool.. . ROOM: We stayed in the luxury suite. It was really nice. Comfortable bed, living room with sectional couch/sofa, 2 sink bathroom with tub and shower separate. A television in front of the bed, in the living room, and evenin the bathroom. Remote-controlled shades.. awesome. Pure luxury. The only thing I didn't like was that the wi-fi wasn't free but I heard that's how it is with most of the Vegas resorts.. . CASINO: This was our first time at a casino. In comparing it to the other casinos on the Strip, I liked the Venetian. We stayed at the slots mostly. Be prepared to come away smelling like smoke. But I think that's how it is with most of the casinos.. . SERVICE: Customer service was excellent. Everyone was nice and professional. The concierge was able to answer any question I had about how to get to places, walking vs. cab.. . SHOPS: They were okay. Nothing like at the Bellagio or Wynn. The Venetian is right next to a Walgreens... and Sephora.. . EATING: Make sure to eat at Bouchon. We had brunch there. Delicious. The other cheap restaurants were okay. I wish they had more variety. We didn't eat at any of the other restaurants because they didn't have great Yelp reviews.. . I highly recommend staying here! If you plan to bring your children, this would be a good place (however, I don't understand why anyone would bring their children to Vegas).
Decided to give Venetian another chance. I was invited back and this time, I requested not to stay in the Venezia tower. At check in, I requested an upgrade. I was offered the Rialto suite (supposedly 1100sqft) for a small price. I decided that this was a special occasion so I bit. Here is my review.. Service: I thought overall, very good. We had the bell guy bring up our luggage. They called to make sure that they had the correct number of pieces. We requested extra towels and blankets and that was brought up in a reasonable amount of time.. Room: One of the biggest pro with this room was its location. We stayed in room 11-102. Short trip up and right next to the elevator. Quite a change from having to walk miles before getting to your room. However, I was a tad underwhelmed with the room itself. It is supposedly 1100sqft but feels smaller. Much of the extra space was used for the foyer and bathroom. We supposedly was getting a great view, it turned out to be a view of the pool area. The room was recently renovated so it looked fresh and new. The beds were very comfy. Bathroom was well appointed. It is a nice room but I would probably not pay for the upgrade in the future.. Amenities: Did not use the pool area. Also, I appreciated the opportunity to decline the resort fee ($25 for wifi and fitness room use, among other things). Lots of restaurants to choose from.. All in all, a better experience than the previous. Great hotel that you can stay in without leaving.
Oh Venetian... We've had a lot of good memories since you've opened- escapades at Tao and V Bar. Fun times at the convention. Meeting interesting people at the pools. Good eats at Delmonico, Bouchon, Grand Lux... Even the food court! Yummy gelato :) I know the interior design might not be for everyone, but if you studied European culture, you'll appreciate it! This hotel is on the more expensive side, but for the amount of space you get- I think it's worth it.. I am a fan of this hotel because A) ginormous rooms B) plenty of restaurants to choose from C) old world charm D) good ventilation system in the casino. All rooms have the sunken living area which has two sofas- one of which is a pull out bed. TV's can be found in 3 places- in front of the bed, in the living space AND sometimes in the bathrooms! You have to pay an extra fee to use their gym, which is almost like a full blown gym i. Around $30/day, free if you pay for a service at the spa.
This Casino was cool.  We also ate here.  It was good food.   There are so many casinos, it is hard to pick out differences.  This statue of the ROCK out front was a cool photo op.. Also if you sign up for their players club, you get a free T-shirt.  Free is good!
My favorite resort in Las Vegas. All their rooms are in fact suites, very well furnished and well taken care off. Their bed is very very very comfi, I can fall asleep instantly. Two restaurants you must visit if you stay here are Buchon and Tao. I never liked their casino coz I never had any good luck there... may be that is just me...
MY WIFE GOT IT RIGHT, SHE GOT IT BOOKING RIGHT! The Venetian is AWESOME!!!!!! This hotel and casino has sooooooo much to do and see inside it.  Its worth the price of a room and then some.  The decor is second to none all around the hotel. Our suite was nice but we had a bad view. The towels were kind of crappy too, I expect soft comfortable towels when staying at a fancy hotel. Our last day there the cable went out but who comes to Vegas to watch TV?  The casino was packed full of energy and people seemed to be happy even though they were probably losing their life savings.  The gondola rides are romantic and some of the gondoliers even sing Italian love songs while you transit the canals. I love this hotel....
Day One, usually stay at the Palazzo or Wynn, giving the Venetian a try.  The suite is slightly smaller than the Palazzo and the dresser has shelves instead of drawers. Beds are comfortable.. . Day Two, finally looked out the window, bad view and Tmobile reception is marginal, jumping between 2g & 4g. Bathroom is similar to the Palazzo, but they only have one bathrobe and not as many towels. Need to complain to housekeeping.. . Day Three, checking out the Summer Shopping promotion.  Should have tons of points from all the video poker that I played. Had dinner at Valentino (see seperate post). Housekeeping took care of the towels and bathrobes.. . Day Four, checking out.  Plan on having lunch at the Grand Lux Cafe then drive back home. Overall not quite as nice as the Palazzo, but a solid four star hotel and resort.
Beautiful rooms! This was a very nice place to stay. My only complaint is the lobby smells like cleaner all the time. The rooms do not thankfully! The overall restaurants and casino are amazing! Everything is well done and very clean. Towels were a little rough, but the bed was comfy.
I have never stayed at this hotel so my review is based solely on everything else.. . The inside of this hotel is absolutely gorgeous.  The shops between this hotel and the connecting palazzo range from high-end to reasonable. The gondola ride and the people that paddle the boat are amazing.  Their voices are so beautiful.. . They keep the casino floor and all other areas of this hotel extremely clean.
Always love walking through the Venetian.  I have never stayed in a room here but did get married over the bridge that is now a jewlery store 10 years ago and why we were in the hotel a few days ago.
Really pretty hotel. Would definitely stay again. The room was clean, the bathroom was spacious. The pizza place downstairs is good. . . We did have issues at first. They goofed and gave us a room key to someone else's room. They were apologetic and gave us a room with a pool view. They gave us extra vouchers for drinks. . . Overall: Cleanliness and upkeep is really important to me at a hotel and Venetian did not disappoint.
Definitely the largest suites in Vegas with comfy beds and fantabulous service, perfect for the party. This is the place to bring large groups of animals. . . Large rooms to invite the random group of people to party with you, good service and location next to everything in the middle of the strip. Venetian, you never let me down- never disappoint. TAO is awesome, and convenient, cool people and great music.  . . Ladies, make sure to stay here next time your in vegas because I'll be going to a couple more bachelor parties this year. Great for anniversaries, bachelor party weekends, or weekend getaways with your friends.The best part about this place is that the pool is open late, and they also have great food for those drunken nights.. . Come here!!!
I love staying at the Venetian! Large suites, comfy beds, good location.. . I've stayed in both towers, the new and the old. The newer tower is more readily accessible from the casino/main area of the hotel, by far. The Venezia tower, which is the older one, is SO CONFUSING. Whoever designed this place originally must be getting a kick out of how many people get lost trying to navigate themselves to their room. Labryinth! David Bowie style. Why would you want your guests to take TWO elevators to get to their room? And walk down loooong corridors. A girl in heels' worst nightmare.. . But overall, the Venetian is a lovely place to stay at. It's connected to the Grand Canal shops, providing several options for shopping and eating and drinking. It's also located well on the strip, and has a Walgreen's right next to it. . . Downside - they charge a resort fee. I have been able to decline the resort fee in the past, but I hear rumors that they are going to start making it mandatory fairly soon.
Nice hotel. The Bella suite is roomy and the gym is bomb. Three pools and a next to Tao Beach club. Would come back again.
MR says ... this is R&R. . MRS says ... what I like about Venetian is the location and accessibility of shops. There's a 24hour Walgreens which is very convenient for last minute purchases like toiletries (bubble bath, epson salt after a day of Vegas Strip walking). The French Bouchon Bakery is also in Venetian. Wonderful place to have brunch. The hotel corridors can be confusing. We stayed at the Venezia tower and that was like a labyrinth. Anyway, after a couple of days, we figured out our way in and out of hotel floor. Venetian facilities are awesome equipped with pool, gym and hot tubs. It's really top of the line.
We stayed at the Venetian this weekend, which was pretty great. We did all that was possible for a bachelor party.   Clubbing, restaurants, lounges, hookah, party, gamble etc..   Only if the casino would of payed out more instead of taking all the money we had, then it would of been a perfect trip.  But overall had a blast here, the rooms are all spacious suites, nice and clean.  The beds are amazing, you never want to leave it
pain-free check in, we were allowed to waive the resort fee (saving us $25 a day), we were given spa access for free, and asked for my friends room and mine to be close together...they were super accommodating with everything...room was nice and clean and service was nice...the only reason I took off a star was for one thing that might be minor to others but it really pissed me off...we were located on the venezia tower close to the elevator and the ice machine was all the way on the other side of the floor...our room was number 415 and the ice machine was in the 600s....literally all the way on the other side of that big ass floor.
This place was incredible from the room to the gym/spa fantastic. The pools and casino are top shelf for sure. Will stay there again in the future. We own a timeshare in Vegas but this stay blew our place away. Gotta fix that mini bar sensor crap...move it you might as well eat it because you will be charged. Eating drinking dinning and shopping all in one hotel...great spot hard to get out and check out the rest of Vegas because this place is so nice. Staff was really friendly which really means a lot to me.
This is one of the finer hotels in Vegas.  From the shopping to their restaurants to their rooms it's an absolute 4 star experience.  I would probably only put 4 others hotels in Vegas ahead of the Venetian.
We booked through Expedia and got an auto upgrade to a deluxe King. It was essentially a suite. Huge bed, huge living room area and bathroom. Marble everywhere. We were on the 10th floor facing the back so no sexy view of the strip but it was nice and quiet, very comfortable and spotless. I think it worked out to $80 a night mid-week.  We dinned at Buchon and made our own reservations through open-table before coming to LV.
The rooms/suites are gorgeous and relaxing - room service setup is great.  Very accommodating staff and nice that they always use your name when providing service. I would be happy to come stay here again for the environment and service.
The rooms are great and reasonably priced. Two TVs, two big bids, awesome bathroom, couple robes in the closet. I will complain that there was no complementary toiletries. Seriously, wth?? No toothpaste or face lotion. . . Food court is right be the elevators and there was a shop open at 3am (the manager behind the counter was like a 50-year-old white dude who kept saying "man"...as in "you want some ketchup man?" so that was really a head-scratcher and offputting, but oh well).
I'm giving this place a 4 star rating because there isn't an option for 3.5 stars.  Very simply stated: It's an above average hotel that gets the job done every time and on some nights may impress, but for the most part the Venetian isn't that special.  I'm not speaking nasty about it in any way, but what the Venetian has in size and grandeur on the outside, it lacks in room quality and customer service.. . The Venetian is a very solid B+ property day in and day out.  It is leaps and bounds ahead of the mid level properties in Vegas such as MGM Grand, Caesar's Palace, TI and Mirage but still a step or two (or three) behind Wynn/Encore, Aria and Bellagio.  This is a great hotel for groups since the rooms are typically much larger and less expensive than its closest competitor (Encore Resort Double Queen).  It is centrally located and is a relatively short walk from the center of the Strip, not to mention you have access to the Palazzo without even having to go outside into the Vegas heat.. . Where Venetian lacks is the fact that it is in desperate need of a renovation.  The room I stayed in (Bella Suite) was showing it's age with torn wallpaper, worn out sinks and faucet handles and a shower head that was so worn the water literally fell out of it instead of being in the form individual jets like it should.  Don't even get me started on the worn electrical outlets that were so loose my iPhone charger needed a prop to stay plugged in.  Oh and did I mention the nasty stain on the couch...?...yuck.. . The Casino area and general public areas are very busy and the amount of foot traffic is second to that of Bellagio.  The chances of seeing/hearing rowdy people in the halls is pretty high here especially for a hotel that markets itself as a 5 star resort.  I understand that this could and will occur in any hotel as it is Las Vegas, but I was surprised how often I experienced it during my stay.. . I will say that the food selection is very impressive, as is the shopping and walkability of both Venetian and Palazzo.  The sports book is fantastic and arguably is one of the best in Vegas.  Tao was great and reasonably priced for what it is.. . I know I'm being harsh on the property, and in all fairness it is much better than most on the Strip.  I would recommend it to a group of people (Bachelor/bachelorette party) that is looking for a product that is better than most and priced in a very reasonable and fair range.  All in all not a bad place but could stand to improve.
stayed here a couple times the older decorated rooms are not my taste kinda too old.  So if you plan to stay here asks for a newer suite.  Nice shops and great location give it 4 stars
Such a beautiful resort! The interior is absolutely gorgeous. As suggested by the name, this hotel/casino is decorated in an Italian fashion. I came here see a National Geographic exhibit titled "50 Greatest Photos." The exhibit itself was phenomenal and I would definitely recommend it, even though there are few places to sit. The ceiling of the hallway outside of where the exhibit was was absolutely beautiful It was painted, kind of like the Sistine Chapel.. . It's definitely worth taking a look around!
A bit pricey but the rooms are great. We had a room with two queen beds and a nice sunk in living room. It was very comfortable. The casino is nice I just don't like that they do not offer single deck blackjack which is what I prefer to play.
Short of 5 stars because of how far and weird the walk is to our room in the Venezia tower. The room was clean and comfy but a little humid and sticky even after the AC was set on the lowest degree. I would return because I love all the fine shopping and the gondola ride!! I've stayed at The Palazzo before and personally, the rooms are much cleaner and better there though it looks pretty much the same. Room service was fast, got breakfast quick. Will return only if Palazzo rooms are more expensive or if Venetian puts my room in the other tower (that I've heard was super nice)!
I love the Venetian! Our suite was so spacious and beautiful. I like that security guards are posted by the elevators to the rooms. The hotel is very clean and organized with a great variety of restaurants and shops. It's so much nicer than most other hotels on the strip, it can be pricier but you get what you pay for! Don't open the fridge because they charge by weight which can charge if you move things around? They probably just don't want to deal with the extra clean up.. . Minus 1 star because I forgot my blanket, my fiance forgot his comb, our friend forgot his phone charger, and they claim nothing was ever turned in from the room after checkout. Sketchy. I really liked that blanket, it was so soft and warm.. Probably why they kept it. Just make sure not to leave anything behind! You won't get it back.
We stayed at the Venetian this past Labor Day weekend and I have no complaints.   The room is so spacious, with upper and lower levels, there were two tvs, actually three tvs, since there's a mini one in the bathroom, and two queen beds, a large comfy sofabed, that can pull out for additional guest, and small dining table and office area...in elegantly decorated and coiffed.  The beds are so comfortable, the shower is so gorgeous, the drapery was classy. . . But the main reason I like this hotel casino so much is the flow from the parking garage, to the rooms, then to the casino area, it's only steps aways...so convenient. . . When I'm feeling the gambling itch, I hate having to walk miles just to get to the tables, but there's no such problem at the Venetian.  Everything is centrally located, which the gambling floor steps away.  The variety of different gaming they offer is also a plus for me, since I want to try my luck at multiple tables.  . . One thing I do not like are some of the bitchy Asian woman dealers I see at the floor, they are so unfriendly...like a block of ice, and since I'm asian female myself I can say that they need to go!  . . This is my second favorite hotel and casino after Wynn, you should definitely keep as an option if you're heading to Vegas.
I've stayed at several of the hotels along the strip and this is one of my favorites. The front desk was nice and when I didn't like my room they moved me quickly. The rooms are huge and really well laid out.  As with most LV hotels they are $$$ on little stuff but with a Walgreens on the corner and Starbucks across the street you can safe some cash on little stuff and donate more to the tables. ;o) Hint they have a van that stops right at the front door of the hotel from the airport.. It's way cheaper for 1-2 ppl but if you have more you're better off with a cab. Good Luck
We didn't actually stay at the Venetian, but met some friends here for a bite to eat at the Grand Lux.. . After our meal, we decided to tear it up in the casino for a bit. I should probably preface this by saying I'm a super frugal person. I'm honestly surprised I don't walk around using $0.20 off coupons whenever humanly possible... I've also done very little gambling. I'd describe myself as an intuitive and strategic gambler, but also one who doesn't like the stakes to be too high. With those standards, the Venetian is a decent casino.. . I was so filled with glee when we actually had cocktail waitresses come up to us to get us free drinks (during my previous visits to Vegas, this was NOT the case and I couldn't seem to tap into these endless free drinks everyone talks about). Both of the ladies were all smiles and accommodations. It's baffling to me  they work overnight hours, in dresses, dealing with drunkards and having such a high energy about them.. . The craps table was on fire, and their cheers could be heard rumbling through the casino.. . My partner and I primarily bounced around from one slot machine to another. There are endless machines, from penny slots to five dollar slots. We didn't win but didn't lose much either ($10). . . The three roulette tables we passed were $5, $15, and $25 buy-in. Still too heavy for my cheap genes. But an interesting people watching place. . . My fave slots were the Wizard of Oz and Monster Mash slots. Give 'em some love and they'll at least break you even.. . As a side note, they served possibly the worst rum I've ever tasted in their rum nd cokes. But can't really complain much about free!
I've stayed here, I don't even know how many times, I've definitely stayed here more than any other hotel in vegas and that's not by mistake. I honestly think you get the best bang for your buck here. all the rooms are suits here so if you have a friend staying here who says they have a suite, well all it means is they have a room so don't go around trying to pretend you fancy!. . typical room is 2 beds (queen or full I think) and one couch (optional pull out bed for that upon request) perfect for 5 or 6 people. very clean usually and nicely decorated.. . if it's your first time here it might be a bit confusing with the skybirdge on the 10th floor but you get the hang of it after a while, pool on the 4th floor (3 pools and a hot tub actually) so it's nice when there are a lot of people, tao beach is also connected to the pool area. . . close to XS, close to surrender, close to wynn/encore so the location is great as well. Despite getting a concussion on their marble floor lobby area a few years ago and knocking my friend's two front teeth out when I was trying to give her a piggy back ride I've still come back to stay here many many times after so they must be doing something right! right?
REVIEW FOR THE SUITE. . Stayed here this past weekend in a Suite with several friends. We had about 10 people! shhh! haha. But even with that amount of people in one suite, there was still a lot of room. The beds were comfortable, including the pull out bed from the sofa. High ceilings and very decorated. The quality was there. The view was ehh, we had a view of an unfinished ferris wheel and construction. The bathroom was really big, shower and bath combo, his/her sinks, separate room for toilet.  . . my cons;. -WATCH OUT! They have sensors on the drinks and snacks in the room so they will charge you!. -No refrigerator to store your drinks and snacks.. -The TV remote did not work. -It took a journey just to get to the room! Considering we were parting and clubbing all night.. . Other than that great hotel, best I've ever stayed at so far. But I wouldn't stay here again until after I experienced all the other resorts on the strip.
Very nice hotel.  Rooms are really spacious although maybe not the best layout.  Bathroom was huge, but if you are traveling with friends rather than a S.O. the glass shower may be a problem.
The Venetian and the Palazzo may be considered Siamese twins, joined at the hip via the Canyon Ranch Spa Club, but the Palazzo is technically superior: it's larger, newer, and cleaner. . . And yet...I think 75% of the time, we find ourselves staying at the Venetian. Why? Mostly because a typical day in Vegas for us means getting breakfast at Bouchon Bakery, then shopping, then lunching at the Grand Lux Cafe, then relaxing at the pool, waiting for our food to digest before squeezing in a workout and hitting a show (that's usually in or near the Venetian). Our nights usually end with a late dinner and drinks (often times at the Grand Lux again because it's open 24 hours).. . Bouchon Bakery and Grand Lux Cafe are mere footsteps away from the room elevators. America's coolest Walgreen's is just right outside the hotel. The Canal Shoppes are in the hotel grounds and provide a good mix of fantasy window shopping and things we actually can afford (Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, etc). And if we need to hit the department stores, Fashion Show Mall is right across the street. When it comes to getting our fitness on, the Canyon Ranch Spa has an entire floor dedicated to cardio machines and a room just for weights. And finally, the hotel is right smack between Caesar's Palace and Wynn/Encore (if you wish to go any farther south or north, respectively, though, walking may not be the best option, depending on the weather and/or your shoes).. . Truthfully, the rooms in the Venetian are a bit outdated and it's not nearly as grand or as pretty as the Wynn (which in my opinion is hands down the most beautiful hotel in Vegas). But it's honestly good enough and has got everything we want whenever we are staying in Vegas. Could not ask for more!
If you're going to give your money to the casinos, give it to this one. Helpful blackjack dealers, look for the Wheel of Fortune slot machine with the BIG WHEEL to spin, makes it more fun. Wish there were more seats for regular betters at the sports book though. Overall, you can't go wrong with a gondola ride and a walk through nice shops. Best location on the strip too!
I have only stayed in 2 other places in Las Vegas and this was my first visit to The Venetian.  I was honestly expecting some run of the mill room but was so pleasantly surprised!  The suite was HUGE, with a very large bathroom that had a separate soaking tub and large glass shower.  It had a door to the toilet, double sinks, and a separate sit down vanity with a lighted mirror.  And speaking of mirrors, there were also full size mirrors on the bathroom door and against the entry wall.  As you walk further into the room you had a bedroom area with two steps down to the huge living room with a sectional sofa, and a desk that had a scanner/printer.  My view was of the mountains.  The lighting was fantastic, especially for a hotel room, and I loved the remote control sheers and blackout drapes.  The room had 3!! count em 3! TV's.  I loved staying in this room.. . The only reason I didn't give it a 5 was the service at check in and check out seemed very harried...as if the person wanted to get rid of me as soon as possible.  This happened when I checked in, and when I called to check out.  C'mon, you can take an extra 30 seconds to pretend like you value me personally.. . The property itself is beautiful, with painted ceilings, coffered ceiling in the casino, and a very nice smell.  The only time I ever smelled cigarette smoke was when I was sitting right next to someone who was smoking.
If you're looking to stay at a hotel with class and style, look no further than the Venetian. This huge hotel boasts many great amenities such as a spa, various pools, a connected mall with indoor and outdoor gondola ride, many fountains and tons of food/nightlife to keep their guests entertained. Although the cost per room may seem extravagant compared to many of the neighboring casinos, you get what you pay for.. . Our flight came into Vegas around 11AM, a full 4 hours before check in, but they were awesome and got us into our room quick. (If for some reason, they can't, they have a baggage desk outside by the valet so you can leave your bags and go explore!) The check-in line moved pretty quick and the hotel itself was stunning!. . Here's a few tips though:. Ask for non-smoking room (we did, but heard others grumble about being stuck in rooms that were not). Do not touch the mini bar! (from the tons of online reviews we read, it was a problem. If you move stuff around, the weight activator under the items will charge you. When you check in, you sign something to the effect of that). If you don't plan on using the pool, spa, etc, consider asking them to waive the resort fee. The girl that checked us in was super nice about it.. If you want a view of the strip, say so! We ended up with a room at the back of the building overlooking a rooftop. (I literally spent none of my trip in the room or I probably would have switched). . It was my first trip to Vegas and I couldn't have picked a better hotel to stay at!
Sign up for the players club and get free goodies! I got a vegas T... Walk around the second floor shops for a nice view of the gondolas.
I came here near the end of October and it was very satisfactory indeed. . . Everything is as you would expect in a luxurious Vegas hotel and the Bella suite didn't disappoint us. My only gripe about this place is really the proximity of the Venezia to the casino area. You literally have to take two different elevators just to get to the casino level, which made it seem like a journey all on its own. Not even the elevators were very large and were almost never private. . . This hotel has a vast array of shops and levels that I can never keep up with. The casino area is very nice and the people that frequent this resort are more mature here.. . The security is first class at the Venetian. We had an incident in our suite where some random stranger was knocking repeatedly on our door (he had the wrong suite) in the middle of the night around 5 am. I phoned the front desk and they sent security up right away and they handled the situation without further incident. They even check room keys before letting u to the suite area and that's obviously a huge plus.. . Pros: Very Luxurious; Shopping; Mature Patrons. . Cons: Lots of walking; Maybe location on the strip; Okay restaurants
This is one of the epitome of vegas hotels. Themed, luxurious, lots of stimuli, and great food and shopping.. . The rooms are much larger than normal, clean and luxurious. No complaints to be had.. . The casino floor is a little cramped for me but lots going on.. . The restaurant choices are pretty good. Public house is a great hangout and has some great food. The Italian places up in the canal area are great too. The only late night food place i could find was a pizza by the slice, that gets old quickly.. . The pool is a bit hit or miss. The pool and grounds are great, but the buildings do tend to shade a lot. So they are the most popular.. . Here is one huge tip for everyone. There is a CVS drug store on the outside of the building on the strip. So if you forgot anything at home, or just want some cheap drinks in the room or walking the strip, this place is a god-send to have so close by.
This place is a maze. Easy to get lost. I didn't know that it's contiguous with the Palazzo so even the parking situation was a challenge. . . I was in an upgraded suite at the Palazzo. It was a great room with a view of the Wynn and the golf course. In terms of location, it's quite close to the Mirage and Bellagio, while having access to the more northern clubs in the Wynn and Encore. . . Overall a pleasant stay. Make sure to check online for deals, as Vegas hotels tend to discount heavily.
We really enjoyed our stay here.  The room was really big, with a wonderful sitting area.  The hotel was clean and we didn't smell cigarette smoke in our room which was a wonderful change from staying at the MGM where we could smell smoke in our room.. . I found the lighting a little too dim in our room.. . I found the wifi internet poor or nearly non-existent when I called the operator for IT help they were not helpful at all and the attitude of the person on the phone was poor. . . We also liked the location on the strip as it was fairly central.  I would highly recommend staying here.
I stayed here over the weekend with some girlfriends and we had a great time. We got a suite and it was really nice: two beds with a fold-out couch and a beautiful bathroom. Service was awesome there. We had to ask for extra towels and toilet paper and room service was great with our requests. The room was beautiful and clean. I would definitely stay here again!
I was here the day after Thanksgiving,  and loved the decor, spacious room/bathroom, services from housekeeping,  location of this hotel, casino, and all the shoppings u can do!. .  U name it... i was in love with this hotel, until after we checked out and valet guy brings our car................ . Valet guy must touched our bag and cooler that were inside the trunk, because they were open! I organized the trunk very carefully before left because I received these gifts that were really delicate. Well....guess what? Half of that delicate items, I had to trash because someone moved my stuffs in the trunk, they were smashed and everything was open. I was so upset to the point where I wanted to go to front desk and complain but my husband wanted to just leave.. .  If it wasnt the valet guys, I would give perfect 5, but after that experience,  its more like 3 and half. . . Never valet park from this hotel again!
I love love the Venetian during the holidays!!! It's so beautiful! The other things I like about the Venetian : family friendly, location location location and the rooms are comfy. This was the third time I stayed at the Venetian I would've gave it 5 stars but I had two issues this time . 1: I don't  recommend getting a room near the stairwell. People go to smoke in there and it wafted I. Our room at least once a day. 2: room 142 floor 23 definitely has a lack of hot water in the shower. Out of the 20+ showers that were taken 2 were hot the other were like warm at best. I called the guy checked it out and said it was 98degrees. Whatever I tell you my shower was painfully chilly. I still love the Venetian but will not stay in this room again. Man their pizza place in the food court , think it's Encoteca is AWESOME!!! I dream of this pizza. Another place I recommend I heart burgers. The loco moco andheart and Seoul   skillets are the bomb!! Zeneferino overlooking the canal was the perfect place for thanksgiving .. Delish.  Overall the Venetian is great safe place to get away!
I like it.  It's just like the other casino's on the strip, but this one is close to the north end of the strip and is easy to get to!
Fun place to hangout and shop also Tao nightclub located there. Message me if you need help getting into Marquee, Tao or other nightclubs.
Casino review: 4 stars. Venetian is a slot machine player's paradise.  They usually have tons of entertaining penny slots that whoop and jingle and get you excited even though you aren't even making your original bet back.  But that is the evolution of slots today...making it feel like you are winning even though you are losing.  There is a separate non-smoking slot room for those who want to minimize their second hand smoke exposure.  The High Limits slot area is a bit outdated and sparse in offerings.  If you are male and here alone, you will most likely be propositioned by a lady of the night.  I dunno what it is but they like to roam the area here. You will know because they almost always ask if you are having fun.  Then comes the next question - if you want some company.  Just remember you are really not that good looking and if you answer yes, you will have to pay for it! Ha! Their table games have a nice variety and their Blackjack is as good as odds get on the strip.  Most are shoe games, but there are some double deck hand dealt.  MS Stud is also offered, but it is usually only one table. The real perk of gaming here though is that if you join their Player's Club, they offer slot tournaments with free stay almost every week of the year.  My mailbox gets inundated with these and I have yet to pay for a stay here.  They usually have all the newer machines before the other casinos. As far as the odds go, they are ok.  Most of the time I break even here and don't lose my shirt.  . . Hotel - 4 stars. If you are a claustrophobic, you will love the rooms here.  The amount of space that is afforded as a standard room is huge.  Great restaurants and shopping at the Grand Canal Shops make it almost pointless to leave.  Rooms do show a bit of wear and tear but are not too shabby.
