I liked LOVE, but we paid $108 for tickets (not even the best ones) and were in the back row. With this said, the back row is awesome because you can see everything, so maybe that's agood thing.. . The show itself was pretty good. There was no coherent story line, just a lot of scenes to with each song and a kid carrying yellow flowers the whole time trying to find "love", which is wrapped up at the end with "all you need is love".. . This particular Cirque Du Soleil didn't have as much of the amazing acrobatics that you usually see in one of their productions, there was a whole lot of floor work. They did make up for this with a few pretty neat props (loved the galoshes).. . I think this would have been more fun if they got the audience involved. Everyone knows Beatles songs, and as lame as it may sound, a whole theatre singing a long would have been pretty fun. It was weird to see everyone sitting so still with mouths closed to see such an elaborate  concert with such good music.. . Overall I can't say I was amazed by it, but I did enjoy it.
Great Show but in my opinion I still like O and Ka better. Whatever you do don't pay full price. There are always discount tickets around, you just have to look for them.. . This time I was able to find $88 tickets via the Cirque app on my iphone (it just linked to a Mirage ticketmaster site).. . I was worried about where to sit but it really isnt an issue. All seats are good and I would argue like others that the cheaper seats towards the top are actually the best seats in the house.
OKAY. I took a friend to this show and it was DEFINITELY not what we were expecting. It was one of those shows that will probably be best if you're on some sort of narcotics to see lol. I enjoyed all the costumes, stage layout, designs, but there wasn't a story. The performances are based on songs, if that makes any sense at all. There were a lot of things going on at once and NO PICTURES WHATSOEVER! They will confiscate your camera if you continue to take pictures after they have warned you. That didn't happen to me, but they had staffs scouting out people with cameras who are snapping pictures.
"How do you do a tribute to the Beatles Cirque du Soleil style?" . . Well,you can, but it is a little departure from your expected Cirque shows, as in each act really isn't tied to one another. With that in mind, and a little knowledge of the Beatles and the love of Cirque, you have a really "feel good" experience here. Nothing over the top, nothing too mind blowing, just a fun show that illuminates one of the biggest and most fantastic musical sensations in our modern history.. . I can say that there is possibly no bad seat in the house, as it is a center stadium stage that is surrounded by seating. I would only suggest the closer the better.
In order to enjoy this show like I did you have to:. 1) Be a fan of The Beatles. 2) Be a fan of Music in general. 3) Be a fan of art. . If you don't meet any of these, and you're just looking for a circus act with crazy stunts, then this show is not for you. You'd like other Cirque Du Soleil shows better like O.. . I guess I can't say much else but that you'll really like the show if you meet at least 1 of the conditions I listed above. Look on The Mirage website for deals on tickets.
Wonderful show, beautifully performed.. . A few side notes:. 1. It was simply too loud.  I'm 34...and man, my ears were ringing when we left.. 2. We had the WORST seats in the house, but we still saw 80% of everything.  Section 206, Row U, Seats 1 and 2.. 3. I'm 5'3'', petite build  and I was overflowing in the seat.  Not sure how everyone fit in!. . As you can see, these 3 items are completely separate from the show and geared toward the theatre.
Cirque du Soleit has always been my favorite... now with the addition of Beatles music. Nothing else can go wrong with this combination. 2 thumps up!
The Love show at the Mirage was very good. I have seen a number of Cirque de Soleil shows in the past and they are always high quality entertainment. This show was a little more Broadway than Circus but was very entertaining, great song selections, and a nice mix of stunts and performance. I recommend that if you like Cirque de Soleil and / or the Beatles you see this show. It offers solid entertainment and the thrills always associated with these shows.
The Good:  First off, I usually don't go to shows when I'm in Vegas.  Heck, I usually don't go to shows and I usually just gamble when I'm in Vegas.  This trip was different, it's another story, and what can I say, this show is pretty awesome.  This is actually my first time to a Las Vegas show.  It's pretty much all Beatles music with a Cirque du Soleil performance of their crazy high flying stunts.  There is so much going on that you shouldn't get bored and you'll end up leaving thinking how did they do that?. . The Bad:  The lines, entering and exiting.  It's pretty much near the casino so there are huge bottlenecks.  Security is a bitch, they were busting people left and right for pics or vids.   Don't do it, they will catch you.. . The Ben:  Glad this was my first show.  It was good and I might be convinced to go to another show, just let me get my gamble on first :D
100th Review! I saved LOVE just for this =). Really 4.5 stars.. . If you don't already know, I am obsessed with The Beatles (no, seriously...). I was interested in how this show would pan out, given that other Cirque shows have a specific repertoire.. . Despite the uniqueness of Cirque shows, what I enjoyed most about this one was that it was different. You could understand exactly what was going on. The tasteful cuts in music presented an understandable and easy story to follow.. . Theater: It is a circular theater facing a stage in the middle. I sat more toward the back, but I could still see everything nicely. The outside is super colorful and makes for great photo ops.. . The show: SO.MUCH.COLOR. It's impossible to be in a grumpy mood the whole way through this show (even if I'm wrong, don't prove it to me please). The acrobatics were great, but some ran for a little longer than they should. I like the connection between the songs and the acts - "Lady Madonna," "Here Comes The Sun," and "All You Need is Love" being my favorites. . . Service : Ushers Sgt. Pepper costumes? Ahhhhh yes. They were very helpful and fun to approach/look at.. . Docking a 1/2 star because it is a bit pricey. You can try finding deals outside or if you stay at the Mirage.. . Overall, out of all the Cirque shows, I'd recommend this one. I could just be biased considering my love for the band, but I'm sure you'll walk away from it happy.
This wasn't my favorite Cirque show, but I really liked it.  I enjoy the Beatles, but not a die hard fan or anything.  Initially I wasn't going to see this show as I thought the tickets were a bit pricey, but I did get a discount on tickets directly through the Mirage website.  We were in the 300's section and they were great seats.  I don't think I would have wanted to be much closer for fear of missing something.  There is a lot going on in this show.  A lot of special effects.
Great show. Probably the best show I've seen in Vegas other than 'O'. You'll love it if you're a Beatles fan; you'll love it if you're not a Beatles fan. There is a bar next to the auditorium in the Mirage called Revolution Lounge, and they have a pre-show countdown, so you can stay there and you're told when the actual show will begin so you can take your seats.
We were perched in our great seats over a doorway for this theater in the round production of Cirque.  It was like flying through the sky for the Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds number, clouds around and overhead. Great view of a vibrant show.. The Beatles, whatever my opinion of them, are the background sound track for many parts of my life, and whether you like them or not, they form a tapestry of meaning.  I am more of a Rock N. Roll gal myself, but this peppy production was like a trip down memory lane and into the future.. I had watched the documentary on making this Cirque show before seeing it, and felt it might have been grittier and stronger if it had not been somewhat censored by relatives of the deceased Beatles.  But as created, it is a high energy recreation of much of the music that powered the social revolutions of the 60's and 70's.. As a Cirque production, it is a bit more Broadway than  midway, and the athletics were minimized by the emphasis on dance and music, but the Cirque flair was still there, making this an energetic trip to the past.
Awesomagitastical! . . I really wanted to give this one 5 stars. It was so innovative and creative and well executed, except for the big screens. Seriously overkill and actually detracted from the performance. Reminded me of cheesy laser shows from the 90's. Sometimes, less is more.. . Less acrobatics equals more dancing. The choreography encompassed a variety of interesting styles. However there were still plenty of tricks and gravity defiance. . . I really have more appreciation for Beatles music after this show! It was like being immersed in a live version of Across the Universe. Colorful, loud, fun, trippy - a treat for all your senses! . . If only all you need is love to buy your tickets, but it was definitely worth the expense!
The music was awesome, the show was great, of course I knew it would be. The best thing about my experience was being there with the one I LOVE!
A great show for 2000 people.  A very High Energy show, with way more action than you can take in.  Great Beatles music.  DO NOT TRY AND SNEEK PHOTOS or you will be hounded to delete them.   My only complaint is a desire for a program with a bit of story line and cast member backgrounds and LESS adds for other things in Vegus.  Box Office at the Mirage SUCKED for picking up tickets for the event.  Crowd Mgt was good.  I would try and buy seats in 2nd or 3rd tier and NOT up close to enjoy full show.
I'm not ashamed to admit that I really love Cirque du Soleil.  I find myself entertained and amazed at some of the feats of acrobatics, strength, grace, and pure artistry put on display.  I took my girlfriend who had never been to a Cirque show before to see "Love".  I love the Beatles' music and thought that a Cirque performance inspired by such an iconic group with such a rich and diverse music catalog would make for a great show especially for someone's first exposure to Cirque.  "Love" proved itself worthy of the Cirque name.  That said, in the interests of full disclosure, I didn't come away in as much sense of awe like I did after "O", "Ka", or even "Mystere".  "Love" leans more on music and dance than some of the other Cirque shows, but when it gears up into the signature, jaw-dropping Cirque acrobatics, "Love" truly impresses.  It's a visual and aural feast!  I'll never listen to the Beatles the same way again!  "Love" is an entirely enjoyable show that's suitable for the whole family.
I really enjoyed this show BUT I also love the Beatles. I can see if you are not a fan of the Beatles how this show could be kind of boring and/or get on your nerves. The "acts" themselves are average, again it is all about the music/story line not so much the acrobatics
My BF asked me if I wanted to go see a show while in Vegas. This was my first ever Cirque Du Soleil show and I like the Beatles - so why not? Its hard not to be impressed with people who fly around on a stage. The athletic ability and talent that is showcased all to the Beatles was nothing short of awesome. I think "Lucy in the Sky" was one of my favorite parts of the whole show (though there really were a lot of great moment throughout the show). Though this is my first show - it certainly won't be my last.
This is my first Cirque du Soleil show.  I liked it a lot, the aerial activities were amazing, especially the guy on the swing and the women doing the Indian rope dances.  The music was fantastic. . One thing I think they need to improve is to get the right dance style for the Beatles.  They need to get some authentic Gazzarri type dancers, that were around in the 60's and omit the Break Dance, Pop Lock and Stomping, all of which I like, but came much later and had nothing to do with the Beatles.
This show exceeded my expectations I have to say.... . This showroom is set up like no other, you can literally see the same view of the show performance from all four corners of this venue. If you have seen this show or plan on seeing it you will know what I mean. The music of course is fantastic. I am not from the Beatles era however after seeing this show I went home and downloaded a ton of Beatles stuff to add to my music collection! A must see show and is worth the money for those who will purchase tickets! . . Is a bit creepy remembering the character in the show who was convicted of murder for dismembering and encasing in cement the body of his girlfriend in real life. I remember the guy from the show, and was stunned when I watched the news and saw his mug shot.. Not to mention I also had seen the show "Fantasy" in which she was a performer. Anyhow, this is Vegas a reminder of real life drama beyond the neon glitz. RIP Debora Flores Narvaez
We saw this show last month by taking advantage of the Summer of Cirque offer for $55 tickets. The showroom is great, and there is an awful lot going on all the time during the performance. I think I could see it again more than once and get something new from it each time. My partner isn't a Beatles fan, but he still thoroughly enjoyed it.. . This is a great show for all ages, and definitely worth it at $55.
I would actually give this 3.5 stars, but I rounded up, because all those bendy Cirque performers deserve it. I think this show is great if you really love the Beatles, but I have to confess that I fell asleep for a minute. This Cirque show has more dancing than some of the others, and there is a bit of a storyline. The performers' strength and flexibility never cease to impress me.
Incredible show. I don't think you need to be a diehard Beatles fan to enjoy it, as I am not, and I definitely enjoyed all 90 minutes. I'd say LOVE was more dance centric than acrobatic, but there was still plenty of the latter. As for the storyline, yeah I'll admit, I had no idea what was going on most of the time, but I just enjoyed the more superficial pleasures like the music and stunts/dancing.. . I suppose it would be inconsiderate to spoil anything, but I do want to parrot what another reviewer mentioned and say try to sit toward the back. I had aisle seats in the very last row on the lower level (which is still very close as it's a small theater, and the balcony does not cover you). Only about 5 rows from the back and the balcony get to see something which was really, really cool. . . Also, I hope no one is paying full price for their tickets. The show was far from sold out for my 7PM Saturday showing and you can get nice discounts if you're willing to wait and play things by ear.
Fun, high-energy show (for the most part)!. . My bf and I went to see them for his b-day.  It didn't start well initially because we got there late, and waited 5 minutes for an elevator that did not come.  Finally, disgusted, my bf decided that bum knee or not, he was going to hobble up the steps to the mezzanine where our seats were.. . Once we got in, it was a great experience.  The seats were great (P4 and P5 in the Mirage)!  The stage was in the middle and the performers dashed into the center of the stage from the bottom or were transported there from the ceiling and dropped.. . The show was much, much better than seen on PBS--much more energetic and spectacular. One grouse, some of the routines were a bit too mellow--I nodded off periodically during a few of those.... . Would definitely see other Cirque du Soleil shows!
I knew our trip to Vegas would not be complete if we did not watch a show and since we booked at The Mirage it was but natural to include tickets to Cirque de Soleil's The Beatles LOVE. The theater's seating is circular which is not your traditional theater seating so it's a bit tricky when you buy tickets online and choose your seats. My husband and I were in the 201 section row N and I believe they were good seats. The performance was great and totally reflected the Beatles songs they chose.
I loved the music, the arrangement, the set up, but I felt like something was a little lacking. It was my first Cirque show, so I don't have a lot to compare it with, but there seemed to be a disconnect between the music and the performance. That said, I'm glad I saw it, I'd recommend it to others (based on the music alone), but I'm not so sure I'd want to see it again.
great
I recommend everyone sees this show for the spectacular visuals that I will never forget.  However, I must admit to being a bit disappointed with my first Vegas Cirque show, having seen four previous shows in Los Angeles.  For every spectacular visually stunning number there were a few that were kind of boring, just many costumed people dancing around on the stage.  I wasn't sure to look to find the great acrobatics I was expected but often times there weren't any.  That's right...far less acrobatics than I've come to expect from smaller Cirque shows.  . . Yes, there were two very good numbers in the middle of the show (one with unicycles flying) but that turned out to be the climax of thrills.  After that it was back to amazing visuals and a lot of wandering around onstage.  The attempt at a story was unfortunate.  Better to skip storytelling than attempt it so poorly.. . If you like the Beatles, see this.  Everyone else can skip it.  Amazing visuals, great theatricality, but not much drama.
I've seen quite a few now but it's definitely one of the best show from Le cirque du Soleil.. . You don't have to worry about seating since all seats will have approximately have the same great view. . The story is once again really well written and you can't help yourself but fill drown into the story as it unfolds. You do not need to be a Beatles fan to enjoy the show at all, beside the music they make sure your visual experience is a hit.. . Leaving the show, I felt satisfied with the money spend from the experience I was offered.
On the recent Vegas trip Stacy and I tried out a number of shows.  I had the chance to see LOVE a few years ago and wanted to bring my wife.  I really enjoy this show, but I will also say I do enjoy the Beatles music.  As a Cirque Du Soleil  show this is a little more on the dance and signing side of the spectrum then some of the other shows so if you want to see the mouth dropping stunts you might like one of there other shows better.  I had to drop this down to four stars because they dropped The Yellow Submarine from the play list.  That is just one of my favorite songs and it is not in the show.. . The theater is in the center with the seats ringing the entire show so you you not have to worry about getting a bad seat, they are all good.  I like this show about half way up since the action is on the stage and in the air.  If  you get to close you actually miss some of the action or are forced to pick from what is directly in front of you and what is in the air.
Whether your a hard core Beatles fan, an admirer (like archi), or are indifferent to their music (like me)....This show is magical! It was action packed from beginning to end. Highly recommend this show. Its a true production and art form. Compared to Zumanity there is less acrobatic stunts
Fun show, great music, time flew by! There was so much going on it was hard to see it all, but show was great, I would recommend it. Just dont sit in the front row ( or the first few) You think 1st row is the best! It's not. I wish we wouldv'e sat higher. There is a lot of smoke that covers you and you have to lift your head up the whole time to see everything in the air.. . Good for all ages, even saw kids there who were having fun.
Better than expected. Usually I don't like musical and theater type deals. But this was really nice, lots of action. The music is also good. I'm not a big Beatles fan but they did make great music.
I've seen a lot of Cirque du Soleil shows. This is both good and bad. It means that I find myself comparing the different shows. . . Love is not a typical C du S show. It is less circus and more dance. Some of the dancing and gymnastics are amazing. Some less so. It is also a spectical. Lots of cool costumes and effects. . . If you've never seen one of these shows and you like the Beatles, then you'll probably love the show. If you've seen other shows, you'll probably miss that mood of subdued eroticism that celebrates the beauty and agility of the human form. . . Can't go wrong either way. Enjoy!
As far a shows go, if you're a Beatles fan, you'll enjoy this one. More of a Cirque de Soleil quality than pure Beatles. . . Lots of interesting characters but wish the music wasn't done with as much lyrical license. Hard to improve on something already so perfect.. . Seemed to drag a bit in the middle but otherwise what you expect from a big Vegas show. . . Get your discounted tickets.....
Went with friends and family to see this a second time, the first being several years before. Not sure I would enjoy the repeat performance, but the acrobatics are always amazing and the choreography and storylines don't fail to impress. And of course you get all the great Beatles music and recordings.
Pretty awesome and fun :) took my mum there and she was pretty much dancing on the chair. . . Talent explodes here and you truly feel the love :). . Highly recommended.
A nice tribute to a great band! The show was fun and cleverly done with songs. Try to sit closer to the front for the full experience. Discount tickets available so search before paying full price.
Great show even if you're not a Beatles fan.
My boyfriend surprised me with show tickets on our anniversary trip to vegas and i loved the show! I am not a big fan of the beatles so I was not too excited but once the show started i loved it! The dancing and acrobatics are so beautiful and well done and I truly enjoyed the experience!
Ok, the big question before buying tickets: Should you or should you not depending on your interest/fandom of the Beatles.. Obviously, if you actively dislike them you should probably stay away. If you're a major Cirque fan it may be worth it, but the other Vegas option could be better. . On the other hand, if you are neutral or casual Beatles fan- Go for it! . I've seen all the Vegas Cirque shows. This isn't my favorite, but it's defiantly the most pure FUN!. The Beatles were my parents generation, so I didn't live during "Beatlemania", but to the best of my understanding this show does a great job capturing the fun, silliness, and psychedelic touches of the Beatles world. . Song choices are always debated in shows like this (ie. Viva Elvis & Michael Jackson: Immortal). Some people expect a "Best of" or get upset because their personal favorite was left out. The show can't do them all! Sgt. Pepper's gets a little extra attention, but the soundtrack samples a little from early to late. . My pet peeve in these reviews crops up here once again: people that complain about the lack of plot. There isn't supposed to be one! Stop looking for 1st, 2nd, 3rd Act and character development. It's not a movie or theater show. Don't expect a plot. It's not there. It's not supposed to be, you'll enjoy it a lot more if you don't search for one.. . The Good: Seating! Almost everything is great! Upper level has a different view and gets to see a little that the lower level doesn't and vice-versa. Nothing is all that far from the in-the-round style.. The Bad: If your a Beatles fan, it gets difficult to not sing along. Do make the effort. Rhythmic clapping and tapping is acceptable.. The Message: From start to finish the show creators keep the theme of LOVE and the Beatles message of it, front and center.
I got a great deal for this show at travel zoo, I just picked the cheapest tickets I could find, we were seated way up there in the nosebleed section, but our view of the show was still amazing. There is no bad seat in the theater! Overall it was a good show. As like most cirque shows, it is mainly visual, and the problem with that for me is that I am more auditory. I like it when a show can get you engaged emotionally. They played a lot of popular Beatles songs as well as some not so popular ones. I think the show was pretty long, I have to admit I fell asleep, again..as I also did that when I saw le reve...maybe am just not a huge cirque fan, since I am more engaged when there is actual singing and an actual storyline, like broadway shows etc. I prefer shows that will please you mentally, visually & auditory, but if visual stimulation is enough for you, this show should be good. The Performance was flawless though and the seats & theater was really nice.
are you a beatles fan? what about a cirque du soleil fan? if you answer no... well, are you a fan of good music and wanna watch a show that would make you go "ohhh" and "ahhh".. . i would definitely recommend this show! go to the tix4tonight box office and get your discounted tickets right now! i got tickets for the second row for a discounted price. how can i possibly complain. . . seats are tight meaning not very much leg room. but really for this show anywhere you sit you'll be able to see everything. the music is loud enough for you to hear what's going on. no pictures can be taken. they take that seriously as well. . . i had a bad experience because i had two very annoying girls in front of me who were inconsiderate of other people who were behind them. they were jumping off of their seats, playing air drums that were off beat, talking throughout the show, and well i'll stop there. but let's just hope that your experience would be better than mines. cause they took all of my attention! even after the staff asked them to not be as rowdy they still were talking and kept looking back. . . anyways, there's a short intermission. they play all of the hits! the concept of each song was really good! at the end it reminded me a little of blues man group. i don't want to tell you too much due to it being a spoiler. . . overall, this was one of my top 5 cirque show!
I love the Beatles... And I love Cirque du Soleil.... . What took me so long to finally see this? . . Seriously beautiful and innovative acrobatics, trapeze, bungee, skate, dance and special effects all set to the music of greatest band of all time. What a terrific, fun show!. . We sat in the very front row, but the way that the theater is configured, I don't think there would be a bad seat in the house.. . A must see for Beatles fans and/or Cirque du Soleil fans. This is my favorite Cirque show to date (of the ones I've seen anyway)!
I'd rate it 3 stars, but my parents rated it 5.   The athleticism was impressive, and some of the illusions & stagecraft was impressive, but I wasn't wowed by anything.  My parents were wowed by it all.. . The music was great, and every seat is fantastic- definitely buy the less expensive ones.   Even they are pricey.   We paid full ($180 each) to make sure we got seats.   But that day at the Tix4Tonight booths, they had plenty of leftovers for the show at 40% discounts.
This is the second Cirque show I've seen, and I enjoyed it much more than the first (Zumanity).  The engineering of the set was amazing, and the acrobatics were great.  I wish it had more of a story line; maybe it did and I just didn't follow it?  Regardless, it was a good experience and our group had a great time.
I LOVED LOVE!!!!. . As my basis for comparison...I didn't need one, this is my first Cirque du Soleil show in Las Vegas and you really can't compare the shows.  I saw The Chippendales, Le Reve, and Divas and it would truly be unfair to compare these because they are all different types of shows.. . Would I recommend the above? Yes, as I would recommend seeing LOVE.. . I purchased my tickets through a promo on Travelzoo - section 200 tickets for the price of the nosebleed seats but really, there isn't a bad seat in this place as everything takes place right on the middle stage.  You also don't have to be a "fan" of The Beatles either...they are all songs you know.  This is one of those shows that has so much going on you don't know where to watch first not to mention the cast of LOVE look like they're having a blast on stage.. . I DO recommend seeing this performance.
Really enjoyed Love, but of course you really have to like the Beatles. Definitely a great show, but you need good seats to see everything.
For someone who doesn't know much about Beatles songs, I still enjoyed the show a lot!!!  The stage was very different and great, and there were practically no bad seats  in this show.  . . I would recommend listening to Beatles songs before you see the show if you are not too familiar with them!
Ok... so it probably didn't help that we saw KA before we saw LOVE.  LOVE is an amazing chronology of the Beatles music, but it is not heavy on the acrobatics.  Don't be mistaken, the acrobatics that are part of the show are still amazing, and you will definitely enjoy them, but do keep in mind this is more of a tribute to the beatles show, and not so much a cirque show.  Still fantastic, and if you're staying at the Mirage, inquire about the guest discount, we got 40% off really good seats: don't sit too close to the stage... u need to be able to see all the screens and off the wall stuff they do all over the theatre. . . Very psychedelic performance, and an all around fantastic show.  No live music here, but I mean... it's the beatles original soundtrack.
Not your average Cirque!  I loved the dancing and story line of this performance.  I've seen at least 8 different Cirque shows and loved them all.   This one focuses more on dance, music, politics, and the attitude of a generation.  You'll love it, but be ready for loud music and a rowdy atmosphere.
I had always heard that the Cirque du Soleil Love show was one of the best and wanted to experience this for myself.. It was a crazy and wild show, with a lot of things happening at once. I would say though it is not your typical Cirque du Soleil show.. You expect lots of crazy acrobatics in a CDS show. This one was limited to a few acts, some roller bladers, trampoline jumpers, a see saw guy and a aeiral acrobat. Other than that, it was a lot of smoke and mirrors and trippy costumes. I did enjoy how they integrated the show with The Beatles music though which was the big draw. It was great to hear Beatles music on such a large venue and big sound system.
Not a bad seat in the house.  Awesome production.  Great show.  One of the best Cirque shows.  Would definitely recommend!
We had some cheap seats and at the last minute they moved us to gold circle seating.  So nice and unexpected!  It was great!. . The performance was a mix of talented dancers and acrobats.  Good music and colors!  It was a kaleidoscope of eye candy.
If I didn't love the Beatles before, I now do after seeing Love at the Mirage.. . The show was extremely entertaining, interactive (if you sit in the good seats they cover you with a sheet for a song), and filled with awe-inspiring acts.. . This was my first Cirque show but I'm ready for more!
While I did not see the show my review is for the staff at the box office.  I wanted to treat my parents for their 45th wedding anniv and wanted to get tickets to the LOVE show.  The box office staff was very helpful in helping me pick the best day and seats for the show.  He helped me get a good price and told me where to drop off my parents.  The line to buy tickets was fast and the staff was great.
BRAVO!!!!! . . If you are the Beatles fan, watch this show.  If you are not, then pick something else.  This show is dedicated for THE BEATLES FANS!  . . This was my first Cirque du Soleil show, and I really really enjoyed the set up and theme.  However, they didn't sing my favorite Beatles songs.
FINALLY!  . . A Cirque de Soleil show that's actually fun!. . Housed inside the Mirage resort, The Beatles Love is a breath of fresh air in the Las Vegas Cirque scene.  After seeing one too many Cirque shows that take themselves too damn seriously, I found Love to be a magnificent change of pace.. . Unlike most other Cirque shows, Love will have you bobbing your head and smiling from ear to ear.  Want to see a multicolored circus with outrageous costumes and dance routines, creative and elaborate props, impressive feats of strength, aerial rollerblading (!!!), trampolining (!!!!!) -- all set to a wicked awesome soundtrack of the Beatles' greatest hits, see Love.. . (On the other hand, are you In the mood for somber and generic-sounding New Age coupled with yawn-inducing acrobatics and costumes?  Then go to one of those *other* Cirque shows.). . The "plot" -- if you can really call it that -- follows historical events very loosely, starting after WWII and ending in the 70s.   Each vignette flows seamlessly from the last in a way that's quite impressive.  I especially enjoyed seeing the silhouettes of John, Paul, George, and Ringo chime in every once in a while with amusing commentary and random chitchat lifted from their recording sessions.. . The theater is fantastic.  It's square-shaped, and all the sides have equally lovely views of the stage.  It's also small enough that everybody -- even those in the back row -- feel like they're part of the action.  (There's also a concession stand out front along with a well-stocked gift shop with Beatles stuff, but I skipped those.). . My biggest gripe with Love is the lack of a live band.  If this show is really meant to be a tribute to the music of the Beatles, then simply setting it to recorded music feels like a cheap cop-out.  A live band covering the Beatles' music would really take this show to the next level.. . Despite that complaint, Love is still the best and most exhilarating Cirque show in Vegas.
This is one of the better Cirque shows. Like all permanent Cirque shows, the theater is amazing and you can see from everywhere. You do not need to pay top price for tickets. In off season, they usually have discount tickets or you get free seat upgrades. I enjoyed the music even though I'm not a die had Beetles fan. The show keeps you on the edge of your seat with a great mix of acrobatics, visual effects and music. The costumes are amazing. . . I highly recommend this show even if your not a major Beetles fan, it's the third best Cirque show in my opinion. The best being La Nouba in Orlando and Mystere at Treasure Island a close second.
For all the Cirque shows in Vegas I've been to, this was probably my least favorite.  Now before you start throwing stuff at me yelling "how could you" here is my reasoning.. . If you go into this show expecting a typical Cirque show, you aren't going to find it here.  Yes they have the usual tricks and stuff, but remember - this is a Beatles show more than a Cirque show.  It's more about the music, not the acrobatics.  The acrobatics is only there to complement the music.  So if you aren't a huge Beatles fan, pass on this one.
Very good show..for Cirque. Not a big Cirque fan but this tells the story of the Beatles and to me, the opening act was the best part. It starts quiet and explodes with music. Loved the use of the large curtains and images of the Beatles.. . The acrobatics are incredible. Simply amazing at the things these performers can do. Great show - Highly recommended.. . The only downside is if you are tall, the seats are pretty crowded, but thats the only bad part.
I've gone to several Cirque de Soleil shows, and at every single one of 'em at one point within the show I fell asleep. . . This is the only exception to that rule.  Granted as a disclaimer, I'm not much of a show nor theater type.. . This show was engaging and had the right pacing, so didn't have any boring lulls.  I'd recommend this to people who generally don't like shows, as well as to people who enjoy shows in Vegas. It appears there's also not a bad seat in the house, but the price differential for the more expensive seats to the cheaper ones is minimal enough where you could treat yourself to a guaranteed closer and unobstructed view.
Now when something is considered "girly", what are the official criteria for being "girly"?  As this may very well be a subjective matter, everyone can admit a few things that I will state do in fact shows that something is girly.  . . -That something has lots of pretty and cute stuff, usually in the bright colored variety.  Pretty, pink anything is magnets girl's eyes.  Why do you think the entire Barbie universe is all pink?  I highly doubt an Emo-Barbie dressed in black with all kinds of pierces and hair over her face would sell.     . . -There has to be a lot of singing and dancing involved.  Ever watched an episode of Glee?  I have, and it's not my cup of tea.  Glee is the perfect example of a "girly" television show.  . . -Boy bands are most definitely "girly".  I thought they were a fad.  Since realizing little girls now idolize this band called One Direction (unless that's already past), I found out boy bands aren't extinct.  Back when I actually paid attention, it was New Kids on the Block (on their way out), Backstreet Boys, and N Sync that were the popular ones.  I admit...I did like some of those songs.  .   . This brings me to this Cirque du Soleil, Beatle's Love.  The show is an eclectic mixture of their songs with acrobats and dancers moving around all over the stage.  Dancing, oh yes, there was a lot of dancing.  Singing you ask?  Throughout the show, they bring you through series of historical backdrops played out by song.  Coloring of it all was magnificent, and yes, there were a lot of bright colors.  . . As one of the most popular bands ever, they were arguably the best boy band ever.  Songs sung then are still very contemporary to the ear.  One big difference between this boy band and any after them is that they actually sang some songs with meaning.  It wasn't just about the lovey, dubey bull.  . . Every seat in the theatre is a good seat.  The stage is right in your face and the performance is very intimate.  For hardcore Beatles fans, this is a must.  For casual fans the enticing visuals will pull you in.  Though I didn't recognize every song, as a music fan it was a head bobbing good time.  All the "girly" song and dance choreography gelled with the stage design wonderfully.  If saying I liked this Call me "girly" if you'd like, but the show was fulfilling.
this show was amazing, i didnt know a lot of the songs, however the ones i did was great, and now i appreicate beatles more! . . the show was amazing because where ever you sit you get to see the show, im glad i sat up top too, causethere is apart where a huge cloth goes over the bottom row which is cool cause you get to play with it, but you miss out on the show on the top.  . . i got my tickets on groupon , or one of those coupon things, i have a bunch of them, show was only $80 including the service fees and tax! . . i would give it a 5 star, however these older ladies in front of us decide to CUT us and then we called them out politely, however they decided to exchange really really really rude words, i am glad i was not drunk enough to put these ladies in place.  . . show is call LOVE, not lets CURSE ... . . overall show amazing everyone has to see it, and there are no bad seats! oh yea i bought a shirt from there for $44 bucks, kinda pricy , however i wanted it from there, ... again however make sure the shirt says you were there, my just says beatles hahaha fail
I have always been a big fan of Cirque du soleil.  I have watched KA, Iris, Elvis, and I love all of them.  . I have a big expectation from the Beatles LOVE, since the reviews are very good.. Although the show is not bad, it is missing something.  I feel that it is missing a plot.  Yet the music and the performance are fabulous.. If you are a fan of Beatles, I will recommend it.
The Beatles show was amazing seen it September! If you come to Vegas see the Beatles show it's good it had a lot of good music things going on in it. My favorite part is when they did the all white blanket and the bubbles and the back flip with the rollerblades was cool. But I could go on and on but you have to go see it for yourself!!!
I went to see this show while in Vegas. We were two couples and a seventeen-year-old high school exchange student. The show was perfect for everyone. The volume was perfect, the seats are very comfortable (which is important when you're moving around so much to look at everything that is going on), and the performers cannot be beaten.. . Without giving anything away I'll say that in the beginning I was a little overwhelmed. My husband looked over and said, "I don't know where to look!" But eventually we all kind of fell into a rhythm for watching. There is LOTS going on.. . My favorite selections were "Strawberry Fields" and "Revolution" but all of it was brilliant. There was one section before "Lady Madonna" that struck me as racist, or at least insensitive, but I can be hypersensitive. While I am NOT a fan of contemporary dance, I loved the acrobatics - both the actual feats and the variety. . . The costumes were amazing... There was a dress and also a skirt/sweater combo I was tempted to sneak into the dressing room and steal. The entire show is very colorful and over the top and the costumes highlight the songs and performances. . . Truly brilliant although the curtain call is awkwardly long.. . So why take off a star? There is a section of the show when part of the audience, those in the premium seats, miss an entire number due to being covered by a prop. I found that ridiculous. Also, I get completely freaked out by being covered, I like to have my face in the open. I have no idea what happened for a full number of the show and that's kind of sad. Because it was so good!
The Beatles LOVE was a really good show to watch If you are in the las vegas area. . It is a busy show , non stop acrobats flipping in the air. . You do not want to even blink while watching this show!. . I was there for my birthday celebration 02/01/13
My world just got rocked and it wasn't even Natalie Portman.. . To most of the reviews that spoke to sitting in the balcony, I would agree as well.  There's definitely a better vantage point from sitting up top to see everything.  This is my first Cirque du Soleil show, and to my astonishment, there's a lot going on.  . . I've been wanting to see this show since 2007 and it took me a good 6 years to finally see it.  No regrets paying the steep ticket prices, it's all "LOVE". =)
Great show...especially if you are a Beatles fan.  Cirque du Soleil really did out do themselves.  Their amazing performers and the music of the Beatles are an inspired combination.  First off the design of the theater is very nice.  The stage is shaped in an "X" with movement coming in from all directions so every seat has a good view of the action.  The show itself is a spectacle.  Performers fly in from every direction, from the floor or down from the ceiling.  It is borderline overwhelming, in mostly a good way... though I did seem to enjoy the more low key sections that focused on a single or smallgroup of performers.  The performer on the 360 swing near the ceiling and the rope dancer performances where some of the most breath taking sequences of the show.. . Overall, very happy I finally saw the show and my GF who is not a Beatles fan at all enjoyed the show almost as much as me.
On a recent girls trip to Vegas, I had the pleasure of seeing my first Cirque show in Vegas after 15 previous trips to Sin City. My friend's husband surprised her a few days before we left with tickets to LOVE since she is a huge Beatles fan, and figured that the rest of us would enjoy it, especially since it was free for us. We were very excited when we picked up the tickets at Will Call that we were in the fifth row!. . I would recommend picking up your tickets during the day instead of right before the show to avoid the lines. Additionally get in line at least 30 minutes before the show starts so once they start letting people in, you can get a drink (they have some "themed" mix drinks for $17) and find your seat before the show begins.. . The highlight of the show is definitely the music, and they incorporate all of the Beatles greatest hits. The costumes, staging, creativity, and choreography are all first-class as you would expect at a Cirque show; however, the reason people go to Cirque shows - the acrobatics - left something to be desired. Sure some of the stunts were truly breathtaking, but there was not enough acrobatics, and what there was got to be repetitive at times. I have seen better acrobatics in the traveling Cirque shows. However the atmosphere and use of music in LOVE is what separates this show from other traditional shows.. . Nevertheless, the three of us had a great time at the 90 minute show. For Beatles fans, this is a great show to see; for those wanting a bit more pure "Cirque" I would probably steer them toward another show.
Great show!! If you like the Beatles you'll love this show. Drinks are kind of expensive but tasty and full of alcohol. Show starts off slow but picks up steam as it moves along. Acrobatics are incredible and the dancing adds the right touch. Definitely worth the price of admission.
Love is my favorite Cirque show, edging Ka out slightly.  The reasons?  The first is the uniqueness of the theater, in which the stage is in the middle and seats surround it from all sides, something you don't see everyday. . . My favorite part is the Beatles music and how they morph it so well with the show, they have behind the scenes studio audio and transitions are very smooth. It doesn't hurt that there are built in speakers located in the headrest which gives you some nice acoustics.. . You can pay more to go to the ever popular "O" at Bellagio, but if you want a nice mix between awesome music and acrobatic acts, Love is what you're looking for!
If you're a Beatles fan you would love this show because it highlights a lot of their major hit songs.. The seating is interesting; since the stage is in the center and seating all around it, you would think that any seat would have a great view. Unfortunately there are weird barriers/curtains that block parts of the stage. I sat in the top row near an isle. I could not see part of the stage because it was blocked by a curtain so it was a bit disappointing.. I felt like this show had a lot going on- too much at once.. However, the show is entertaining!
I've never been a particular Beatles fan so I'm not qualified from that perspective. But I did very much enjoy the show.. . Last year while in Vegas we saw KA and liked that quite a bit. I'd rate this slightly below that, but I was never bored for a minute.  There is an incredible amount going on and it's pretty surreal so:. . A: Don't expect to "Understand it.. B: Don't expect to "See" everything going on. (It's a circular stadium). . They have a restroom inside the auditorium, which is nice, so you can comfortably get your seat before worrying about finding a restroom.. . If you are averse to large crowds you might feel a bit uncomfortable after the show as everyone queues out of the place.. . Overall if you are looking for a Cirque show, this one is certainly well worth your attention.
This show is our wedding gift. We were there March 2013. What a great addition to our wedding. It was a great show, very colorful, just the way I'd imagine it. If you love the Beatles, you'll love "LOVE" and I love both. We enjoyed our time there. I wouldn't want to compare this show with any other Cirque du Soleil shows. It's different! Perfect for our wedding gift! Go see the show and you know what I'm talking about *:) Enjoy!
Visually stunning but not the traditional Cirque where they concentrate on the acrobatics.  This is a musical show over the circus part of Cirque.. . I was fortunate to get discount tickets on travelzoo, and got section 206. Great seats! I think next time I'd move over to the right.. . I wouldn't give it 5 stars because I've been to other Cirque which were much better. If you're a Beatles fan, do see it.  Visually its wonderful.  Musically great.  But if you want the spineless girls twirling things in the air, or wowing you with the acrobatics this isn't the Cirque to see.
I loved this show! It was interesting to see how they interpreted some of the songs. We were entertained from the time we walked in to the time we walked out. This was my first live Cirque Du Soleil show so I was in awe the whole time. Sometimes there was sooooo much going on at once, my eyes did not know where to look, lol.
Wonderful show and very ornate costumes.  It is amazing what these performers can do.  I only wish they had included more Beatles songs particularly from the earlier years and not just the Sargent album.
There's no real flow to the show but really what do you expect from the Beatles? The show was wonderful with an array of cast, random props and colors in the form of lights, sheer sheets and what not but I felt like it was missing something. I didn't even try to get the storyline (if there was one?) andinstead enjoyed the music of one of my favorite bands out there. I was excited to hear that it was their true music and not someone doing a cover and this was my first Cirque de Soleil show so I wasn't sure what to expect but was pleasantly surprised and loved that they showed footage of the Beatles performing, practicing, etc The cast was wonderful whether it came to dancing, the rolling skaters with their shagolicious skates going up and down the ramps and not missing a beat or the acrobat. Save some money and sit in the top part of the theater so you can see everything!
It was a good show, the theater did get quite warm though, and if you're tired when you get there you may be lulled to sleep with the dark/warmth coupled with the music! :)
Guy Laliberte, deserves every penny of his 2.6 billion dollars.. . The show deserves five stars but the seat I was stuck in had a horribly obstructed view. I can't believe I had to pay full price for such a crap seat. . . I've been listening to the Beatles since I left Vegas.. . Go see this show.
Extraordinarily vibrant, colorful, well choreographed show!!!. . Attended on the heels of the unfortunate KA death of acrobat just 2 nights prior. Stage has unique angles. Delicate and sensitive homage to the Beatles and key songs.. . Enjoyed all of the color. Neat little effect with theater transformed into a billowy cloud, with illusion that a bed was floating atop it.  Rollerbladers were a delight! Some actually squealed in the audience!. . Dancers are amazing. This performance, like Elvis Cirque (now concluded) is more dance and song than acrobatics. See Mystere or Ka or O for more athleticism.. . Right amount of everything. Being as old as I am, appreciated seeing interpretation of so many songs.. . Last act and dance was so fun!
Fun show but hard to review.  I thought the Cirque part of it was disappointing - not many cool stunts and tricks.  The cooler stuff were the special effects and there was a lot of dance numbers.  So if you are expecting a great Cirque show, you will be kind of disappointing.. . However, if you are expecting a great Beatles show, you will love it.  The sound is fantastic, and really gave me a new appreciation for Beatles music.  You could kind of look at this show as the closest thing to a Beatles concert you are going to get.
I'd never been to a Cirque Du Soleil show, so LOVE was my introduction.  My friend thinks KA was better.  We had good seats near the stage.  The show was definitely a visual feast.  The music, of course, was terrific.  I just didn't get the story... if there was one.  I wasn't sure what was going on with the creepy guy, the old woman, or what a bunch of skateboarders had to do with anything... but it was interesting.  A little short. The "Something" piece was beautiful.  Everything was nice... just a bit disjointed.
Cirque Du Soleil LOVE is a great show but I can't bring myself to give it 5 stars when I feel like this show doesn't quite measure up to its peers of Cirque Du Soleil shows like Ka or O. I guess Ka is cancelled now there's no point in talking about that anymore.. . The acrobatics are beautiful and the performers are very talented. They perform to different interpretations of many Beatles classics. The whole show altogether lacks a climax. The concept is just too abstract that I lost focus about half way through.. . The theater is small and intimate. Don't waste your money paying for the front sections because it's a lot more expensive and definitely not worth it. We got our tickets last minute at one of the counters in Vegas for $117 and it was as good as any of the $250 tickets you can get online.. . There is no intermission so be ready to sit for 1.5 hours. They do allow people to walk in late after they start right on time. It can be a little distracting watching people come and go.
What a fun show to watch. How helpful that historical references are not lost on me (oops - was I betraying my age just then?). . A lot of whimsical touches, trippy lighting and musical effects, fun ending of streamers all over the place.. . I psyched myself for this show, expecting to be terrified by acrobatics performed from way up high. Rest assured the performers are all veterans and take several safety precautions. Gorgeous staging and use of the music was in a pretty clear story line. Boy tries to woo girl all throughout.. BTW: there were really young children performing too! Wow!. . Favorite parts for me were "Blackbird" and "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds". Next fun moment was when the audience got to be covered over with a huge billowing sheet (like playing Parachute in pre-school). . I found the whole stageto be quite busy, though. There's really a lot going on all over. But obviously 1000+ reviews can't be wrong, huh?. . Thank you John Lennon & George Harrison (keep playing in heaven), thank you Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr: you've changed the world immensely.
Weirddddddd! This show is definitely one you should smoke to. Or before. Whatever. Trippy to the max. Music obviously rocks the socks. The artistry is undeniable- great music, dancing, interpretation. There is significantly less acrobatics than in other cirque shows but the theater showcases all the acts well as it enables you to see from all angles. Not my favorite Cirque show but you gotta see it at least once!
I had been dying to see this show since it came out years ago- and I definitely enjoyed it and was glad I went. The music was great, and was a fitting tribute to The Beatles as it was supposed to be. The areas around are also themed which makes it even more fun. The show itself was a bit slow in the beginning, and I wished it had more stunts like a traditional cirque show- but the quality and entertainment value were definitely there. Would I go back? Probably not since there are so many more shows to see in Vegas! One last tip- we were able to find half price balcony seats online in advance which made it much more reasonable.
It was a entertaining. show.    This was my family's first cirque and our family loved it.  We were in the very last row and I'm glad we took the advice of many who said to not pay extra for closer seats.   We got discounted tickets due to a summer promotion so we paid roughly $70/ticket in 2013.
Love the Beatles...  Loved the show.
I am a 34 year old guy who is not usually into live shows and not a fan of Beatles music though I do think they have a couple good songs.  I was very impressed with the show as I felt I was in a dream the way everything played out.  You will know what I mean if you see it and you will not be disappointed.
Every time I'm in Vegas (at least twice a year) I make sure to see "Love." It's not as acrobatic or breathtaking as some of the other Cirque shows, but what it lacks in those respects, it makes up for many times over with the music. My parents went to Vegas on the same weekend as me a few months ago and I took them to this show. My mom will openly admit she's not much of a Beatles fan, but she still had as much of a blast as my dad did. If you are even a slight Beatles fan, you'll be able to sing along to every song. Definitely a show everyone needs to see at least once.
Good show, but some criteria to help you decide whether to go for Love or some other cirque show:. . - there's less acrobatic acts than other cirque shows, but more emphasis on choreography, sets, and other action on stage. Depends on what you like.. - most of the acrobatic displays are aerial, and no stunt type acts. - read up a bit on Beatles history before going to fully appreciate. - it's a very small theatre, so even the worse seats are pretty close to the stage!. - there's also loads of half price offers floating around all the time, so check those out before booking. - the show is about 2 hours long. . And don't forget to catch the Mirage volcano eruption at the entrance to the building! Erupts every hour in the evening, so time your arrival/departure at The Mirage.
Overall, I would recommend this show to visitors and friends. It's fun, and more interactive than some of the other CIrque shows, and I sang most of the time.. . What I liked: The whole experience is very Beatles. As you're walking in, the usher are dressed like 60s mod versions of Tower of London Beefeaters. It's hard to get a bad seat in the theater, and actually, I was told the better seats are higher up because you have a wider view of all the action. When you're sitting closer to the stage, you end up looking up and around a lot as you're trying to see everything. The costumes were beautiful, and or course, I love the Beatles, so I found myself singing a lot.. . What I didn't like:For me, the show started off on a high note, with Britain in its post-WWII days and how the four lads from Liverpool rose to fame. As the show went on, it was a little harder to follow the story (as is typical of most Cirque du Soleil shows.) The other thing that really bothered me is that at one point, the dancers started yelling in that made-up Cirque de Soleil tribal language. What the heck does that have to do with the Beatles?! It was just so out of place for this particular show. I also wish they had picked some more upbeat songs. There were some low/depressing moments in the show. . . How it compares to other Cirque shows: I actually liked the Beatles Love show better than "O" and "KA" but it's not my favorite. That title would have to go to Zumanity. While it's for a completely different audience, I didn't see any low points or annoying tribal yelling in that show. Zumanity is totally worth your money.
The show is enjoyable especially if you are a Beatles fan. To quote the Frommers Guide "The show is a bit thin on plot not unlike many Cirque productions." It was quite a spectacle and you leave smiling.. . There were several people a few rows in front of us who kept moving around during the show and I found that distracting and was disappointed that the ushers didn't do anything about it.
If you like the Beatles, then you'd most definitely enjoy this tribute show. There was not a dull moment.. great dancing and acrobatics. Worth every penny so go enjoy this show!. . Tip: check your m-life account for discounts!
