the gooooooods:. - blt burger. - lamb tandoori. - deep-fried oreos. - deep-fried pickles. - milkshakes/spiked shakes (mocha mud, berry me, all nighter, nut job, etc.) . - fries, fries, fries (skinny, fat, waffle, sweet potato and rings). - krispy kreme bread pudding
Great burger place, I had the classic. The food and the service were good. Check it out if you are in Vegas.
Yes I know this place is expensive I read the reviews prior to eating here. It cost around $56.00 for two classic hamburgers, two orders of fries and two specialty shakes.  But what the hell...it's Vegas!. . The shakes were AMAZING.  We got the Lunch Box and the Twinkie Boy!  The twinkie one was actually much better but both were good.  The hamburger was great...we also added avocado and cheese.  The waffle fries were great and the sweet potato fries were good...not the best I've had but decent.  . . The service was good and the restaurant itself was really cute.  I would come here again if not for anything else but the shakes!!!
The shakes are fantastic and the burgers are good.  But we had difficulty getting a glass of Chardonnay because, CAN YOU BELIEVE IT, they were out of Chardonnay.  The manager was not very pleasant on Thursday the 27th of January @ 2 in the afternoon.  I will take that rudeness up with management, but we did return 2 days later. Can you believe that had just gotten in some Chardonnay that morning....hey folks this is Vegas.  I am not talking a certain kind of Chardonnay but they were out of all Chardonnay!  Inexcusable.  Second trip back was great burgers, shakes, wine and no sign of the tall arrogant manager.
BLT Burger - from Chef Laurent Tourondel - and in case you were wondering like me, BLT stands for (Bistro Laurent Tourondel) - part of the BLT collection of restaurants.  Delicious Las Vegas burger!. Three types of fries (waffle, sweet potato, and hand cut), a wide variety of burgers, and a whole bunch of milkshakes.  I've eaten there twice.  My favorite is the black and blue burger (grilled onions, blue cheese).  Last time, I had their campfire milkshake which included toasted marshmallows - wow!  One of the best milkshakes I've ever tried.  They have a combo deal where you can get a burger, fries, and a milkshake for a discounted price - but note that it doesn't include any of their specialty shakes.  Price-wise, BLT is a bit higher than your average restaurant burger joint, but consider the fact you are in Vegas, dining can get rather expensive.  And the place is setup pretty cool with a bar and the kitchen in the middle, music, and a great place for watching people walk by.  But still, a very high quality burger and I'd highly recommend this place.
I love this place. I've been here a few times when we have visitors and we're going to hit the town - hard! Greasy, hearty burgers and fries are a perfect pre O'sheas type meal. We most often sit at the bar and get apps and  drinks while we watch the chefs go to work. On the last vist we had nachos and waffle fries. Very tasty. The nachos were BBQ-y and delicious. Of course it's pricey - but it's Vegas, baby. It's in the perfect central location on the strip to stop in for a few cocktails before exploring the town.
Yes it's Vegas, yes it's expensive (hello, IT, have you tried turning it off and back on again?). . Well well well. I had a Kobe burger with bacon and cheese and, yeah, i ate it so fast the last bite was still hot. We had fried pickles (fuck yes) and some waffle cut fries with jalapeno and cheese on. Those were good, but i don't think i would get them again just based on simplicity and price.. . To wash it down, the chocolate shake with kahlua and chocolate liquor. Will it mess you up? No. But with the price of a nonalcoholic one just a few dollars less, why the hell not?. . Service was prompt, people polite, especially for a busy night. This one goes in the rotation.
I had the falafel burger.  If you are on the Strip and a vegetarian, this is a very good option.  Highly recommend it.
Oo.m.g, I just had a burgasm.  One that not even the steep sticker price could extinguish.  . . First of all, to all complaining about price: This is Vegas, and this is a gourmet burger bar, get over it and enjoy your burger I say! McDonalds is right across the street, you can get your Big Mac meals there, but I don't see why the heck you would when you're in VEGAS! (And for those who are price conscious, they DO have menus posted on the outside of their restaurant here.....so by the time you walk in, you should already have some idea of what to expect price wise..... they give you plenty of heads up before you enter....). . So we had returned from a show at the Aria and were looking for a place to eat.  After considering all our culinary options @ The Mirage, we ended up at BLT Burgers.   They had plenty of burgers on their list that looks delicious, I opted to try their Kobe beef burger and sweet potato fries, my husband had the Tex Mex burger with onion rings.. Neither of us tried the milk shakes, as it was getting late and we didn't feel like filling up with milk shakes at that hour, however I did see some milkshakes "walking by" our table and oh man do those look delicious!  I'll have to return back for one of those some day.. . Anyway, my burger was fantastic!! I opted not to add anything to it, I figured that if I was going to taste a Kobe beef hamburger, I didn't want anything interfering with the taste of BEEF so I ate it with onion and tomato, plain as it comes, and it was a great decision on my part, the burger alone was so flavorful, it would've been a shame to spoil it by adding something to it.. The sweet potato fries were delicious, they were lightly seasoned with chili powder (I think?) and were ohhh so good!. . My husband's Tex Mex burger was good also, their chili there is very smooth and flavorful and the onion rings were great... the kind you can actually bit into without the entire string of onion following.... that's always a plus! . . The service here was really good, the waiter we had was attentive and frequently refilled our drinks.  . . I'm close to giving this joint a 5 star review, but although such prices are to be expected when you dine out in Vegas, AND at a gourmet burger place, I'd still like to knock off a star for the steep pricing.  I'm also withholding 1 star due to the fact that they DO infact have a combo option, but it doesn't allow for you to choose any burger but the Classic one.   I've been to other gourmet burger bars where you are able to substitute the burgers in their combos, they just adjust the price accordingly.... so .... that is why I'm not giving 5 stars.. . That's it though, no minus for service or food, I highly recommend this one, just be prepared to pay somewhere between $12-17 per burger, an additional $5 or so for a side and then theres the drinks.. . Go, eat, have fun & be merry.  Chances are that if you're in Vegas to begin with, you're not here to save money so instead of dropping another $20 on a slot machine which yields nothing in return, bring it to BLT burgers instead and invest in a burger ;-)
Came here for some lunch on a Saturday. . Place: pretty nice and clean. Casual. No complaints. . Food: Split a burger since I didn't wanna get stuffed. It was pretty solid. Fries were really good. . . Prices: Average. . Other: Good location since its right at the entrance of the Mirage. I'd come back here for more burgers.
The milkshakes push this place up by one star, in my book.  Recently, I had the mocha mudslide shake as part of a combo, along with a burger with cheddar cheese and fries.  . Yes, the place is overpriced, but the service has been good and the burgers are top notch.
We were in Vegas for 4 days and easily went to over a 15 different places, but BLT was the only one that showed its mettle by serving Shiner Bock. I've been a fan of that delicious concoction for 7 years, but it's been that long since I've had it! One of my Vegas dreams came true when I took my first sip.... . As for the food...awesome! I had a chili cheeseburger that was perfectly cooked and while it could've used a tad more, the chili was very good. Trix had an original and she like that as well. Like others have said, the fries were excellent
my boss and i just walked in for lunch from the conference and decided to check this place out. my boss had the lamb burger and i had the salmon, and i have to say, the salmon was not overcooked. it was good, i really liked my burger and that it had watercress amongst other greens and not the usual lettuce. criss-cross fries were good too. the service was good and quick. we were able to be in and out within an hour, perfect timing for a lunch break. we did like the decor and the fancy walls, very casual and chic, but then again, it's vegas baby~!! overall, good place for lunch =).
!!!!!!!!!!BACON!!!!!!!! . . Good service and a delicious selection of beers, shakes and fried items. The fried pickles are the most delicious. The burger's my group had were all cooked perfectly and were delicious. I personally had a Kobe burger with bacon. It was the best burger I have ever had. The Kobe patty was delicious, juicy and unforgettable. The star of the show however was the bacon. It did not take over because to proportion was small enough, but DOUBLE SMOKED BACON and cheddar made the Kobe even better. Double smoked bacon is a delicious German treat that smokes for around 24 hours which is significantly more time than regular bacon (4 hours give or take). This bacon will blow your mind when added in the right amounts. I cant wait to have the same meal again every opportunity that I am given.
What do you come to Las Vegas for? The Stripper of course, though it'll cost you 12 one-dollar bills. . . But seriously this juicy burger (The Stripper) is perfect proportion-wise and cooked just right. Instead of buns (though tasty, I hear), you get a deconstructed burger served on a platter. You'll have to use your knife and fork. Messy, but well worth the trouble to get a good mouthful of onion, tomato, burger, avocado, and lettuce. Mmmm. . Though the line's long to get in on a Saturday evening, the wait for food is typical ~15min.. . Other recommendations: sweet potato fries (enough to share) & milkshake (can get the combo) which is huge!. . Oh and remember to justify that this "stripper" expense was really just food.
It's been three months since my Vegas trip, and I still think of the amazing burger I had a BLT Burger, so I'm going to wrap up this review I had saved from December:. . We ate a late lunch here during our stay. When we arrived, we waited maybe 5-10 minutes for a table. If there is a line, don't fret, because tables turn over quickly. My friend had a #1 combo (burger, waffle fries, and a soda for $18). The combos are a better value, but lately, I have been trying to only order enough to satiate my hunger, so I only ordered a lamb tandoori burger with fries. I thought my burger was outstanding--a perfect combination of ground lamb with Indian-inspired as well as traditional toppings. The fries were a miss--I've certainly had better and preferred my friend's waffle fries. I would probably forgo fries and order a milkshake or dessert on my next visit. Just one burger was enough for me and even thought I was tempted by the milkshakes and desserts, I was simply too stuffed to order anything else.. . As far as price goes, I felt it was the price point was fair. We have gourmet burger bars in DC where just a burger would set you back $12-18. This is on par with the competition. And did I mention I still think about this burger every time I log into Yelp and see my saved review from eons ago? That in itself is testament enough to make BLT Burger a value in my book.
I seldom make a trip to Vegas without a visit to BLT Burger.  . . The first reason is their hours.  They are open late!  The flights I get into Sin City often bring me in late and I don't get to the Strip until after 10pm.  BLT Burger has always been there, waiting for me to start  my night with a delicious burger before hitting the gaming floors.. . I always get the BLT Burger -- it's their classic burger with bacon and some sort of sauce that has a mayo base.  Adding cheese is like $2 (I think?) so I tend to skip that and use my $2 towards a drink.  They recently expanded their wine list and I was pleased to see quite a few additions that I enjoy.. . I'm also fond of sitting up at the bar because the "kitchen" is out in the open behind the bar, and I think it's fun to watch the kitchen-staff prepare the food.  . . Yum!  Can't wait to go back.
The salmon and lamb tandoori burger were delicious.  The sweet potato fries were what you'd expect and the nutella shake was mmmmmm goood!  (But then how can you go wrong with nutella?).  The service was excellent here.  Our waitor pulled us out of line and said he could get us seats at the bar.  He was right on top of everything from recommenations to asking if we needed anything.  The price is probably a little high, but the taste does disappoint.  It's a vegas hotel and these days you should expect to pay a little more.
It's a pretty casual eatery place that is part sports bar where ppl can watch the march madness bball games. There was  about a 20 minute wait near lunch time to get into the joint. . . I had the Atlantic Salmon Burger. This is the first time that I've had a salmon  burger. Salmon can be bland tasting but the condiments that came with it complimented it finely. The burger held together well. The meat wasn't too flaky or mushy.It was pretty moist and the bun was toasted well. I liked the tartar sauce but didn't detect the spiciness that the cayenne in it should of carried out. Perhaps i just have a higher tolerance for spice. . . I got an order of sweet potato fries as well. They weren't the best ones i've ever had and are a thinner cut than how i usually like them ,but they were  still crispy and had good flavor. I can't go wrong with sweet potato fries.i just love them so much haha. . . Only regret I have is not having enough room to try one of their milkshakes. When I come back to Vegas i'll come back especially to try one out!. . haha P.S they give u a souvenir postcard to take home.
Spiked milkshakes = amazing!  Burgers are great too, and the sweet potato fries, but for me it's all about the shakes! Yum!!
Three simple words:  American Kobe burgers.. . It's on the Las Vegas strip, so of course it isn't inexpensive - but it is a damn fine burger.. . I can't say I was impressed by the sweet potato fries, though.  The frozen ones I buy at Target are better.
Another reason to stay at the Mirage.  After winning at the craps tables, head to BLT for the trio of Kobe sliders.  Simply the move.  If you can handle a chocolate shake (I could only handle a sip) with that you will be in a food induced coma, which will keep you from giving back your winnings.  Onion rings were just okay as they were cut too thin and could not stand up to the batter.  Overall a great Vegas Strip choice.  Just go for it!
I love a good hearty burger- thick and meaty and flavorful is all I ask.  To experience the true taste of the beef, I put next to nothing on it.  Just a small amount of mustard and some onions.  And if all goes well - I'm satisfied.  Well, BLT fits that bill splendidly!  I visited BLT in February of this year.  There are plenty of specialty burger joints all over Vegas and my choices were down to Strip Burger and BLT.  BLT won out.. . I'd heard and read great reviews about BLT Burger. I took a seat at the bar.  Brendan was my attendant.  I like the atmosphere at BLT and the visible cooking area at the bar.  I ordered the Classic Combo (classic burger, sweet potato fries and a beer).  They didn't have Red Stripe, but Brendan suggested Sin City Amber Ale.  He gave me a taste in a shot glass and I did choose it for my beer.  It was smooth and cold.  I sat, ate and watched some of the rerun of the NBA All Star game.  It was a great meal.
Burger were very solid. Not the best burger I've ever had but it was probably in the top 10. The service was spot on, location was good, and milkshakes are FREAKING RIDICULOUS! Do not leave without getting a milkshake....trust me.
WOW. My friend and i arrived in Vegas during lunchtime. We checked into our hotel and was hungry having skipped breakfast. . . Friend: What should we eat?. Me: I don't know, what does Yelp say?. Friend: There's a burger place, BLT Burger. Me: How many stars? How many reviews?. Friend: Tons compared to others. Me: Let's go.. . The first thing we did was hop on yelp, stumbled upon BLT Burger. . . There was a line outside the restaurant but it moved pretty quickly. We were seated within 10-15mins. . . It was pretty busy but the wait wasn't too long considering the restaurant was packed. I ordered the tandoori lamb burger and sweet potatoe fries. It was sooo good. My friend ordered the classic burger, onion rings and an oreo shake. She loved hers as well. At first I thought the prices were crazy expensive because our bill came out to about $55 but it's Vegas! I'm sure every where else is probably about the same but with half decent burgers. We left very satisfied and in hunt for a watered down margarita in a yardstick.
I really liked this place. It's well designed but not too fancy, it's pretty casual and not crazy loud. Service was decent and the price wasn't too bad. Went for dinner with some friends so we all shared and tasted several items. The BBQ brisket & the jalapeno poppers were the highlight of the meal. I heard rumor that the lamb burger is really good, but it was devoured before i could try it... Also and for some reason unbeknownst to me this place had some magical PBR, none of my table knew why but this was the best tasting $4 beer we'd ever had.
I loved this place!!!!!  We came here twice in our five day stay in Las Vegas--once for lunch and once just for dessert because it was that delicious.. . The first time we came, I had the classic cheeseburger, and my friend had the BLT burger.  Both of them were amazing.  The meat was so tender and juicy, and you could really tell it was high quality beef.  She had onion rings that were awesome, but the real star of the meal was my waffle fries.  They were so crispy, and they held onto the ketchup nicely, which is very important to me :)  Also, they had a delicious crunch when you bit into them, but the insides were really fluffy.  Soooo delicious!!  On this particular trip, our waiter was awesome and attentive and had great suggestions.. . The second trip we made was at about 10pm because we were craving something sweet for dessert.  Our waiter was NOT GOOD.  He was surly, sullen, didn't introduce himself (I still don't know his name) and was clearly not happy to be there.  He seemed put off if we asked for things like spoons for our ice cream.  Horrible waiter.. . But anyway, we ordered a peanut butter chocolate milkshake and the Krispy Kreme bread pudding.  Both were amazing, but my favorite was the milkshake!  It was delicious, and with the giant straw, I was able to drink it lickity split! :). . So my overall impression with this restaurant is a positive one, and if you are going to get anything, be sure to order it with the waffle fries :)
It's apparent I don't get out enough. When I'm feeling like a burger, my first thought is always Stripburger just because I love sitting outside, giant beer next to me, and cheese fries... oh the cheese fries... it's never really been about the burger.. . But boy, this place was delicious! We found ourselves deep in the heart of the strip, late at night, with perhaps one too many beers in our belly. and hungry.. . Their selection of crafted, meal-on-a-bun creations was vast, but one stood out above the rest... lamb tandoori burger?! gotta have it.  Colorado Lamb Burger, Mint-Cilantro Yogurt Sauce, Cucumber, Olives, Red Onion, Tomato. SO GOOD.  But even still, I feel like I need to try their Veggie Falafel, Salmon, and Tex-Mex. We'll be back.... . The sweet potato fries were very good, but not excellent - but I've eaten a lot of SPF's in my time and these definitely count as 'very good.'  We made friends with a neighbor who gave us a few onion rings --- gotta love the Vidalias --- also a very good onion ring. Light and crispy, not too greasy.. . We were just drinking water at this point, but they had a nice selection of draft beers - love me some Sin City Amber!  I hadn't checked out yelp before, but after reading all the great reviews for the milkshakes, I'll definitely have to try one next time!. . I might have to start making it more about the burger more often...
While visiting Sin City for a work event, BLT burger was the first place I saw, and just decided to go with it.  I got the Asian Chicken salad, and it was not only awesome, but somewhat healthy- almost unheard of on the strip!  Prices were actually ok, but certainly not as bad as other places.
I was staying at the Mirage on business and found this spot inside the hotel. We came a little past the usual lunch time hour and there was still a line. Needless to say, we got in pretty quick and were served right away. The wait time was usual, about 10-13 minutes after ordering. The servers were really nice and for the place being pretty busy at the time, they seemed to be attentive to each table's needs.. . As for the food. It was pretty good. I had the Shaft's Blue burger and it was very good.Although, no beer this time, since I was charging the meal to the room (which was a convenience, I should add. But which Vegas hotels DON'T do that). . . I'd definitely hit this spot up again if I was staying at the Mirage. Not a first choice if I was staying elsewhere, but if you're staying at the Mirage and don't feel like walking the strip for a place to eat, definitely check this place out.
Oh my goodness!  These burgers and shakes will greet you at the pearly gates.
After two visits (one with bachelor party, one with family), I have to say I am a fan of this place.. . Variety of burgers all made to order, which in my experience have come out perfectly cooked.. . Shakes which are spiked with alcohol, each one with it's own distinctive flavor and just the right amount of alcohol that you can barely tell it's there, but enough to have me slightly tipsy at the end of a full shake (I'm a lightweight drinker btw).. . While the price is far from cheap, you're talking about a restaurant directly on the strip, and you've come to expect to pay a price for having a location like that.  . . Verdict:  If you're looking for a burger/shake place on the strip and have $30 to spend on it, this is an excellent choice.  If you're looking for cheaper (say In-and-Out), you better have a mode of transportation (car or cab) and be willing to shell out to get there... which may end up getting close to same cost anyway if you're traveling alone.  All in all, excellent choices and variety, well prepared burgers and shakes, and worth a visit if you've got the craving!
I loved the Blue Burger and onion rings.. I think this may have been the best burger ever! I also tried the buffalo chicken sandwich and the sweet potato fries.. ehhhh... I will pass on those next time. Our server was very nice. The place was pretty busy so it did take a long time to receive our food, drink refills and our check... . I would eat here again just for the burger and I would love to try the spiked shakes!
$18.00 for a kobe beef burger with Monterey jack cheese. 5.00 for french fries. 6.00 for a milk shake. 5.00 for a coors light. man this is one expensive meal when you add it up. . . burger was good and flavorful..but ive had better for alot cheaper. same goes for the fries and milkshake. . . i wont be coming back to this place. it wasnt a good value for my buck!
Came here twice when i was staying at the mirage hotel. First time i ordered the american wagyu burger. Got it cooked medium and came out perfect with a slice of monterey jack cheese and a side of waffle fries.. Second time before I left to come home was the kobe sliders, ordered those medium as well and came out perfect. They each had different flavors to them. One was blue cheese, one had sauteed onions and last one had smokey bacon which was my favorite.
Vegas casinos boast some good mid-range burger joints, BLT Burger, Le Burger Brassiere (at Paris hotel), and of course the Burger Bar at Mandalay.   I wish I could differentiate between the three, but they are all quality eats IMO and worth checking out.. . BLT Burger is located w/in Mirage next to a busy walkway and often doesn't have big lines or a wait due to the neighboring food joints.   All I've ever had here is the #2.  Forget the name, but its the blue cheese and caramelized onion burger... with of course bacon added.   Always cooked to perfection.   Dripping in juice of course.. . What's keeping this from a 5-star place is that I've never been thrilled with the fries or onion rings.   I also wish there were sweet potato fries (ala Burger Bar) but all in all, minor complaints here.  Service is attentive and good.  Central location.   Reasonably priced of course.   Worth checking out especially if you're in the neighborhood.
We stayed at the Mirage for the weekend.  Just wanted some quick cheaper food, but they don't have a fast food court.  So we just decided on BLT since it was a simpler cuisine.  My group didn't want to spend so much, and was just going to order some appetizers but hey were in Vegas, went with the Lamb Tandoori burger w/ waffle fries.  Burger is $13 fries are $5.  Jesus christ was that burger juicy.  I would say this was the best burger I have ever had, or forsure top 3 burgers.  The prices were a little high for some basic burgers, but the portions are just perfect.
OMG one of the best burgers and milk shakes I've ever had.. . The order:. BLT Burger - 7oz . Grilled Certified Angus Beef, Double Smoked Bacon, Lettuce & Tomato.  . And a big helping of Skinny Fries (yummy)!. . Milkshake (Nut Job) - Vanilla Ice Cream, Nutella, Slivered Almonds: . The shake was so thick I had to let it sit for a few minutes.  It's a pretty good size so I split half with my friend.
I ate at this restaurant when they first opened and thought the food was great.  Creative menu choices and delicious shakes.  Great dining option for both locals and of course strip tourists.
Think Big Juicy Certified Angus Burgers and decadent milkshakes. . . When it comes to a good quality burger, you just don't want to be let down. BLT offers quality ingredients, a good variety of burger options, taters and of course, what american meal would be complete without a milkshake?!?. . This isn't my first visit to BLT and each time I come, I try something different. But all in all, the Shaft's Blue has been my favorite. With carmelized onions and chunks of bleucheese, this is nothing short of delightful. . . As for the milkshakes, since you ARE in Vegas, you might as well go for a spiked milkshake. The All Nighter is delicious. . . Solid place to satisfy your burger craving. \m/
Yummmmmmmmm!!!  Don't look at the prices - It's a restaurant on the strip.  Expect to drop some cash (duh, you're in Vegas).. They have crispy waffle fries!!  The best!. Full bar A+. Milkshake bar!!!  Awesome if that's your thing.  My dad said his fruity milkshake was delicious and finished it in probably 4 seconds.. My dad kept talking about his burger and how good it was.  I got the special chicken sandwich with avocados, bacon, and special sauce.  It was so good.  The bun was toasted perfectly on the inside and soft on the outside.  . It was almost as gourmet as burgers and sandwiches can be.
Checked out this place because my Wife and I were beat from walking around all day long!  The prices were high, however reasonable for the area and if you go for the 'burger-fries-shake' deal it's like getting a shake for $4 so it's cool.  . . I got a burger, just a plain burger with cheddar and it was really good, nothing amazing but it was really good and the fries were also good, nothing crazy though.. . BUT. . Go for the shakes.  Skip the meal, just stop for a shake.  We got the mocha mudslide shake and it was great.  The shake comes out in a nice glass, well presented with a thick straw probably like a half inch in diameter which makes the whole experience more enjoyable.  This shake was topped with chocolate whipped topping that looked and tasted like it was homemade.. . Check this place out for the beer as well, they had lambics, Stone IPA, some Chimay among other craft selections.  The beer was pricey though at around $7 per pint.. great selection though
Almost great service!  Burgers are perfectly done and cooked your way.  Kobe beef=awesomeness!  Bartenders always great in helping you pair it up with the right beer.  Always crowded...so get in early or sit at the bar.  You can thank the hostess for not making this a 5 star.....this is a restaurant not a club. :)
When in Vegas, I often stay at the Mirage.  I've been to BLT Burger about 4 times.  Tasty burger, though a bit expensive (not surprising given its location). The onion rings and waffle fries are solid.  I will say, however, that the milkshakes are to die for.  Seriously, they are evil.  To the point where I am like, "I need a BLT shake as soon as I land in Vegas" evil.  Luckily, I only make it to Vegas once or twice a year, so it's a manageable addiction thus far.
After The Beatles LOVE show, we wanted a quick something, and didn't want to walk like 10 miles away, through the casino. Which is when we came upon BLT Burgers - your basic burgers, fries, shakes and beers joint. And it was right there. . . We ordered the BLT (double smoked bacon, lettuce and tomato), the Shaft's Blue (Shaft's blue vein cheese, balsamic caramelized onions, and mushrooms), some fries and a couple draft beers. The food was excellent. Love, love, love.. . Of course, when we were done, and we had BLT Burger all over the place, the nearest washroom was like 10 miles away, through the casino.
Get the berry milkshake!!  It is yummy. We just sat at the bar and shared one before seeing Beatles Love. . . Had a friend tell us that the Burnt Marshmallow Shake was really legit too!. . Just be ready to run off all those calories the next morning!!
They definitely make some good burgers here. . My sister had the Tex-Mex which was pretty good and Mexican tasting.. I had the Buffalo Chicken which was perfectly spicy and also featured bleu cheese. I liked it. . They have good salads too, apparently. My dad had their Chinese chicken salad, which I tasted and liked.
Feed a hangover or starve for the pool? Dilemma dilemma. . . And the Hangover wins...... . It was our second day in Vegas and lets say it was a good first night. We were determined to make it to the pool especially since we had already paid for our reserve lounges at the pool at the Mirage. . . Per recommendation from a pedicurist at the spa in the Aria, we decided to give BLT Burger a try and it was well worth it.. . Drinks: Some of us went for the Bloody Mary. I had a sip of it and it was not good. I don't want to say awful but it was pretty close. I like a spicy bloody mary but I nearly choked on it bc it had a strong kick to it and wasn't a building heat. The tomato juice tasted to sour for my taste. I was not impress. . . Appetizer: We got a plate of fried pickles. They were great. Fried in a light almost tempura like batter. . . Burgers: I had the Shaft's blue burger. The bun was light and soft but strong enough to hold a juicy burger. The patty was just the right amount of fat and lean meat that gave it great favors and kept it juicy but not greasy. Beware this is a strong blue cheese. Only get if you are an avid lover of all cheese blue. . . Fries: We choose the fat fries. It was crispy and seasoned well on the outside and very fluffy on the inside. . . Service was great and fast. I would totally recommend this place if you are looking for a quick place to grab a bite and are at the mirage.
I came here twice during my Las Vegas vacation because it was a short tram ride from my hotel room. Both times, it was delicious. I had a really good Bloody Mary, and the lamb burger was delicious. The service was good, and the food really helped my permanent hangover. We were unimpressed with most of the food in vegas....and this was an exception. One thing Vegas can do is a hamburger and a steak. I had would come back here next year when we visit.
since i was staying at the Mirage, my boyfriend and i decided to come here for dinner since we were too lazy to drive/walk anywhere else.  i got the shaft's blue burger but instead of blue cheese (ew i hate it), i got a different cheese instead and it was perfect! super juicy burger and i really liked the buns since they didn't get all soggy or anything.  we also got the black and white milkshake and wow it was good! this place can be a bit pricey though (our check was almost $50 and that's with 2 burgers/a side of fries/milkshake). and you have to pay extra for the sides unless you get their combo.  but i do recommend this place if you're craving a burger. oh and if you're a party of 2, try to get a booth cause the separate tables are damn close to each other that you're in arms reach from the table next to you. kinda awkward...
Went here for dinner-the only veggie option is a falafel burger, which is meh. They make up for this with alcoholic milkshakes-and it's not just a little bit of booze in them-it's a booze-fused beverage with a hint of milk and ice cream.
Just had dinner here and the food was good as always. The brisket nachos are a great appetizer. Had the Shaft's Blue burger, great combo with the blue cheese and caramelized onions. Come before 9 to beat the rush.
delicious customizable burgers, decent patties and good sweet potato fries. . . . Friendly staff and waiters, MINUS THE SNOOTY RECEPTIONIST.
Yelp 365 Challenge: 47/365 . . If I could have it my way, everyday in Vegas would be champagne dreams and caviar wishes. Sadly, the harsh reality of being a baller on a budget eventually sets in and my appetite conforms to my wallet. After a rough time in the casino, there's nothing like a stiff adult beverage and classic comfort food to recharge your gambling spirit. BLT Burger is the perfect spot for weary travelers looking to flee the wrath of lady luck. . . BLT Burger is the brain child of acclaimed Chef Laurent Tourondel. If you break it down like a cocktail recipe, it would be: . . 1 Part Classic American burger joint . 2 Parts Celebrity chef inspiration . 3 Parts Las Vegas swag . . Obviously, the ambiance is overdone in the Vegas way. Imagine a diner that bred with a swanky sports bar, and their offspring was raised by a pack of wolves from Vegas. The vibe is casual, the music is loud, and the place is packed. Seating consists of booth, table, and bar seating. Every time I've gone, there has been a line. But don't worry, it moves along real fast. . . The food is great. Basically, every burger option has been upgraded and is offered in an appropriate size and price point. Here's the link to their menu directly off of their website: . . http://www.e2hospitality.com/wp-content/themes/blt-burger/menus/las-vegas/eatin-vegas.pdf . . I personally have had the pleasure of being a fatty and enjoyed the following (asterisks denote items I REALLY enjoyed): . . - Sweet Potato Fries* . - Waffle Fries . - Fried Pickles* . - American Wagyu* . - Lamb Tandoori*** . . The lamb tandoori is divine. Order it medium rare to rare and you are in lamb heaven! It's all the flavors of your favorite Mediterranean inspired dish, served as an easy to eat burger. The lamb always comes out juicy and not too gamey. I often look at the other options, but always come back to the lamb. . . The Wagyu is good. Beef eaters will notice the slight increase in fat content and enjoy the well rounded beef flavor. Also, this is the first place I've really enjoyed the fried pickles. Breading was not too thick and not too thin. The pickles had great crunch and packed just the right amount of acidic pickle flavor to stand up to the deep fried treatment. . . Aside from the food, the beverages are great. Every now and then, I stray away from the Grey Goose and I order a nice cold beer. Prices on pints & pitchers are legit. The milkshakes and desserts always sound and look good. But I never get around to ordering them... I smell an update! . . Overall, this place is an easy choice for me. It's real food, prepared with quality ingredients, by a chef with pedigree. More often than not, celebrity chef = $$$$. But not at BLT Burger. It's not the swankiest spot (Burgers Ala Rossini), but it's definitely a cut above the rest. Don't forget, money is fake in Vegas. After losing your shirt in the casino, a $15 burger is cheap.
Food was excellent and atmosphere was cool. Had the deep fried pickles for an appetizer and the classic cheeseburger. Portions are huge and the cost isn't bad. Just a cool vibe in the place (it's in the Mirage)
The Ultimate Value Meal: Burger, Fries & Beer.  Take that golden arches.  . . For $23 I get to... .  - pick my burger.  - what i put on it.  - what fries i want with it (you want the waffle fries) .  - and whatever deliciousness is on tap.. . Sit at the bar behind the tappers, make a friend with the bartender and if you're lucky sneak a top off. (not that kind of top off... wrong place). . You're on the Strip... of course its overpriced.  So get over it. If you'd like a good burger, with good fries and a good beer (not that lite crap) then you're in the right place.  Sit at the bar for the most attentive service.
In my leisure time, I made my way to Las Vegas. There was no way I was leaving the city without trying a new burger! Housed in the Mirage Hotel, BLT Burger has two other locations in New York and Hong Kong so I was very excited to eat at such an exclusive restaurant. The menu has some delicious (and unorthodox) options. I almost want to take a trip back to Vegas solely to dine at BLT. They were once featured on Martha Stewart making a burger with ground salmon. The Salmon Burger has been on my radar for a long time. Obviously too much red meat is bad. Although I love beef burgers, I am also curious about beef alternatives.. . . Before tasting the burger, I had the pre-concieved notion that it would be fishy. I was glad that I was wrong. I think it's the fact that the salmon was grounded it could pass so well as a beef alternative. This burger is extremely impressive and delicious.
This place is between a three and a four for me.. . I ordered the Waffle Bites to start.  They taste great.  The jalapenos is a nice touch.  The issue here is with portion.You get like six waffle fries, no joke, for $7.  This would be one of my favorite appetizers ever if the portion was at least adequate.. . I had the blue chesse burger with bacon.  Unlike the appetizer this is a huge portion.  The tastes were all good.  They use pretty good bacon too.  The meat was juicy.. . I ordered the Lunch Box shake for desert.  It had great flavor but it was rich.  It is good, but i will go back to the Twinkie shake next time.
Get: The Wagyu Burger - sooo delicious. The mudslide milkshake. Waffle Fries. Brisket burger. . Pass: Onion rings (nothing out of the ordinary). Sweet potato fries (mine were not hot though which kinda ruined it). . Note: Cheese is extra if your burger doesn't explicitly say it has cheese -1 dollar. All other toppings are a 1.50 which isn't too bad. . BLT is located in the mirage. They have a decent selection of draft beers, which is always a plus. The burgers are pretty expensive (12-17) but it's Vegas. Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal. I went with a bunch of friends and we tried a couple of burgers. They had many unique choices in the menu but I tried the American wagyu burger, and I also traded for a bite of my Friends lamb tandoori burger. I also mooched off a bunch of my friends food to try everything else to help my fellow yelpers out :). . I should point out here that the Service was AWESOME. Always had a full cup and our server madeawesome recommendations and was super friendly. . *The mudslide milkshake was super good. Very chocolatey with a great aftertaste. . . *I sampled the skinny fries. They were light and crispy with a potato chip taste. The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well. They came out luke warm though, which probably made them my second favorite after the waffle fries. The waffle fries were definitely the best out of the three flavor wise. . The wagyu burger was certainly tasty. And by tasty i mean NOM.  It was full of flavor and the Swiss cheese I added complimented it well. The bun was lacking and very typical, otherwise it would have been a perfect burger. Definitely get it medium rare to get the full flavor profile. . . *The tandoori burger was good and was interesting but i liked the wagyu better. The brisket burger was very tasty but it also had the most sauces and components so overall mine was the best judging just the meat. . This place is pretty expensive but if you get the combo deals its definitely worth it. Great service, great food, and lots of options!
Went here for dinner on our first night in Vegas. That's important to note, as we were all feeling a little worn out from traveling.. . We were staying at the Mirage, so it was convenient AND it came highly recommended.. . Our party ordered the following:. - turkey burger & skinny fries (All White Meat Natural Turkey Breast Ground With Fresh Herbs) - $12. - chili bowl - $8. - Buffalo chicken sandwich & fat fries - (Fried Chicken, Red Hot Sauce, Avocado, Chopped Lettuce, Maytag Blue, Buttermilk Dressing) - $12. - vegetable salad & sweet potato fries - $12 + $5. - chicken Caesar salad - $15. - BLT burger & waffle fries (7oz. Grilled Certified Angus Beef, Double Smoked Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato, BLT Burger Sauce) - $13 (add cheese for $1). . It was AWESOME! No one had any complaints.. . We tried every fry variety at our table of five - sweet potato, waffle, skinny and fat. I really liked the fries in particular (sweet potato and waffle)... waffle fries are just not something you see in Canada very much. Yum! And I've rarely met a yam frite I didn't agree with!. . Our waiter was friendly and fast, though I felt like he was trying a bit too hard to be funny. Whatever... it's better than being surly.. . Compared to the other restos we ate at in The Mirage, it was a bit trendier and more family-oriented.
I hate to say it, but this is one of the best burgers that I have had in a long time.  A Vegas hotel right next to the casino just does not scream "good food here" but BLT Burger beat all expectations.  So much so I had lunch there two days straight. . . All burgers are 7oz. hand formed burgers.  Their namesake burger is your go to burger here.  Pretty standard lettuce, tomato, onion with the addition of smoked bacon.  They boast "CAB" (certified angus beef) which really means nothing.  As long as they got the ratio of protein and fat right you'll get a good burger, and they got it right. With each juicy bite I became more and more surprise on how much I enjoyed this burger.  Then it hit...it was damn good!. . The next day I ordered the turkey burger.  A turkey burger is not the norm for me, but if every turkey burger taste like this one I just may make the switch.  . . BLT Burger was a surprise through and through.  A great burger.  i wish the same could be said about the service.
Came here with the hubby & my 2yr old. It was easy to get seated and the service was on point. Of course we didnt end up getting burgers. I had a brisket mac & cheese to share with the little one. It was amazing. I have never had anything like it and was very pleased with it. The portion was great as well.. The hubby was not very hungry so he ended up trying a grilled cheese & fries. It looked to be a decent GC. He was pretty happy with it.. The fries were nice and crisp.. I had a drink called Las Vegas H20 and it was really strong..but it was still very yummy.. I will come back next time & try a burger if they dont have that yummy mac & cheese anymore.
Awesome, awesome, awesome!. . Had The Stripper which was just, just great. I also had an order of waffle fries which were probably the best ones I've had yet.. . Washed down with a couple of Budweiser's and this meal just couldn't be beat. It's also right in the Mirage, one of my favorite hotels on the Strip.
Great fried pickles. Burgers galore. Went twice in one weekend.
First afternoon after getting in from the airport in Vegas and the girlfriend and I are looking for something to start our trip off on a good note.  After first impressions, it was a little bit pricy (even for a gourmet burger), but the menu looked real interesting.. . Food:. Burgers were great -- the meat was definitely the highlight, and very tasty. They made my medium rare burger perfectly and also hit the mark with my gf's medium. She wasn't as much of a fan of the seasoning as I was, but overall the meat was fresh and tasty and really made the burger.. . The sweet potato fries were absolutely amazing -- best sweet potato fries we've ever had.  The criss-cut fries were decent -- they supposedly had a special seasoning, but I couldn't tell. I was a little bit disappointed that the fries came out luke-warm, but overall they're worth it.. . Oh yeah, and they give you a true pickle (not one out of a jar) with your burger.  Props for that.. . Drink:. My gf had the nutella shake, and it was divine.  The whipped cream had the perfect texture.. . They had an OK beer list, but they had Chimay on tap, which earns points for me.. . Price:. There definitely is a premium on the food, but for a gourmet burger it wasn't bad (with food and drinks, it was about $30/pp after tax and tip).. . Service:. Absolutely terrible -- our server was slow to respond, and our quick meal turned into an hour and a half ordeal.. . Overall: 3.5-4 stars.
FOOD: 4/5. Classic Burger: Very tasty. The bun is done well, the cheese is delicious, and you get a good chunk of beef. It was incredibly under-seasoned in my opinion, but some might enjoy that, as it enables the flavor of the meat to push through to your palate. Clearly fresh meat, and cooked to perfection (my medium was a true medium [pink and tender on the inside], not a medium-well, as so many places mistakenly make them into).. . Sweet Potato Fries: By far -- by FAR -- the best I've ever had. Good texture (not crunchy, not mushy) and extraordinary seasoning. I'd come back just for these.. . DRINK: 5/5. Nut Job Milkshake: Delicious! It really tasted just like Nutella and almonds. There were even almond shavings on top. The texture was terrific, and the whipped cream was the best I've ever tasted -- truly home-made.. . . SERVICE: 1/5. The Good: Not the worst I've had, as our server wasn't out-and-out rude and did bring us the correct orders.. . The Bad: She was incredibly slow and inattentive; I'm not sure I've ever seen someone more bored with their job. When we'd try to catch her eye at various points, we'd find her behind the bar, chatting with other employees and getting giggly back rubs from the bartender. It took her nearly twenty-five minutes to glance over at us and bring us our bill once we'd finished our meals.. . . ATMOSPHERE: 5/5. Space: Nice, open little area. Tables and booths are spacious. You can watch passers-by as you dine.. . Decor: Very well decorated. Red and gold might sound like a recipe for a gaudy disaster, but BLT's actually managed to make it work quite well.. . Cleanliness: Didn't find anything wrong with the dishware, silverware, floor, or tables/seats. Absolutely clean.. . . PRICES: 4/5. There's a lot of complaining on here about prices, but come on, people -- it's BLT Burger! The name alone carries some prestige. Sometimes, food is simply worth an extra few bucks, and if you're scared of higher prices, it's your responsibility to judge whether a restaurant's bypassed your comfort level by looking at a menu BEFORE you take a seat. If you want a super cheap burger, there's a McDonald's right across the street.. . That said, for the quality, I think the prices are maybe a dollar too high, or two dollars at most. It's not the best burger I've ever had, and $5 for a side of fries is a bit much, even considering how spectacular they are. But all in all, I'd say BLT mostly warrants its prices.
My beau dragged me here, and I am so grateful that he did -- The Twinkie Boy Milkshake is amazing! Why haven't I seen this before? Vanilla Ice Cream, Twinkie, and Caramel Syrup? Done and DONE! Imagine that, and they puncture that twinkie with the straw that you're drinking... That's a glass of deliciousness!. . The Lamb Tandoori Burger is Ace. Can't go wrong with Colorado Lamb*, Mint-Cilantro Yogurt Sauce, Cucumber, Olives, Red Onion, Tomato. My beau craves this everytime we come to Vegas, and I wouldn't call it "being dragged to" anymore. I'm looking forward to my next visit. . . Alright so it's a rockin' spot set up at the Mirage. Ambiance and food. Yes please!
I have been wanted to try BLT Burger in NY, but I ran out of time....so I went to check it out today.. . My babe and I ordered the American Wagyu hamburger with chedder cheese and an egg, sides of waffle and sweet potato fries and the Twinkie Boy shake.. . The burger was very avg.....for $20.00, I was expecting a much tender and fattier taste of beef.  It was good.....but not as good as the $40.00 Kobe Hamburger at the Old Homestead in NY.....that burger was worth the $$$$$.. . The fries were ok....but the Twinkie Boy Shake was fucking-outstanding!!. . It tasted just like a twinkie......soooo good.... . For desert, we had the Krispy Kreme bread pudding...again.....fucking-outstanding!. . I came in my pants eating the pudding and drinking my shake......the hot Asian waitress taking care of my table added to the meal highlight!. . She flirted w/me during the whole meal.......oh yeagh!
This place is really 3.5 stars at best, but I will round up.  The burgers are tasty and prepared really nice, but they do not compare to some of the better burger joints that I have had.  The price is a bit inflated for what you get.  The fact that it will cost you $20-30 for a burger, soft drink/shake, and a side is a bit steep.  Our server did a good job of keeping an eye on us to make sure we had everything we needed.  Overall I was satisfied with my meal, but there has to be tastier burger joints tucked away in Vegas.
Pressed for time, I thought this would be a quick stop to grab something to go.  Take out took about 15 minutes for my food to be ready.  . . MY ORDER:. - The BLT Burger (at the BLT Burger, ha) $13. - Sprite around $2.50? (pricey :[  I would skip out on the drink next time if I'm ordering out). TOTAL:  around $15.50 . . What I wish I knew before I ordered so fast.... . There are combos to choose from which include a side of fries and a drink for just a few dollars more.. . TASTE:. I LOVED my burger!  It was juicy, looked delicious, and was a good size...I didn't have enough room in my stomach to finish it.  :[  . . WHAT'S INSIDE:  7oz. Grilled CAB*, Double Smoked Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato, BLT Burger Sauce . . ... on my 2nd trip to BLT Burger, my party and I were also pressed on time and needed a place to just grab a quick snack before we started our night.  We were seated in less than 1 minute in a booth fit for 6 people.  The food was still good enough for me to want to come back next time I'm in Vegas!. . WHAT MY TABLE ORDERED:. - Caesar Salad (note:  if you're not into spicy, you might want to try a different salad). - Mozzarella Sticks (comes w/ 6 pcs). - Chili Cheese Fries (lot of just one person). - BBQ Nachos (they give you plenty of brisket). . I also liked the way the restaurant is designed... OH, our waiter also gave us separate checks even though we never asked for one.  That was a plus, since we all knew that we probably would have paid with 6 different methods of payment.  Overall, a good experience.
I am a sucker for a good burger. I was meeting a friend who worked at the Mirage and we wanted someplace that was casual, not too expensive and at the hotel. The service was decent. Not bad but not amazing either. They had tvs playing the football game so it isn't a bad place to watch some sports. . . The burgers were so so good though. I just got a classic cheeseburger and it was perfectly cooked and despite being a simple burger it was so tasty. Everyone really enjoyed their burgers and the milkshakes were good. I also was recommended to order the fried pickles but didn't end up doing it. . . I would come here again next time I am in Vegas.
This place seems so pricey for just a burger, but it's the lamb tandoori that had us coming here two times on our trip! I don't know what it is, but that thing is amazingly delicious! Also tried a classic burger, but that wasn't anything special. So it is the lamb tandoori that is definitely worth it!!! Oh and don't forget the alcoholic shakes! Those things are delicious, too!
OMG this was soooo good.  Almost the best burger we had in vegas to date.  Could be cause we were absolutely famished though....We'll try again next time.  Totally cool place to be, diner style.   . . I think i recall my only complaint being that theres a couple servers with guts hanging  over the aprons,  pick it up guys!
I would make this my first stop if I were staying at the Mirage.. . A retro style burger joint and they know exactly how to make one.   They even have instructions on creating the best burger on their menus.  I'm glad they are willing to share their secret.  Their blue cheese burger was so juicy and satisfying that it made me forget the long and early flight that I took to get there.. . Their waffle fries were a treat and I wish that's the only way restaurants should make fries from now on.. . Definitely a treat if you are on an empty stomach.
Yum!  Great burgers, great spiked shakes, great service.  You should go.  We'll be back!!
The last time I was here, I heard about the spiked milkshakes and grabbed one and left, not knowing that the burgers here absolutely delicious.. . My gf also ordered the spiked chocolate milkshake, which I wasn't too much of a fan, probably because it was very chocolatey for me. On the other hand, the spiked all-nighter shake hit the spot.  . . We both ordered the classic burger, and I liked it so much I ate it with the tomato slice inside of it. I don't normally eat tomatoes in burgers, but the way this one was made really sealed the deal for me.. . I guess I never would've known about this place if serendipity wasn't so damn busy all the time.
We always stop here when we are in Vegas. . I am a huge fan of the falafel burger and the fried pickles....mmmmm yum!. Service is fast, food is good, Im a fan. . . I havent tried the shakes but they look ahhhh-mazing!
I can't fault this place, the burgers were to die for, especially the "BLT". Go with the fat fries, they are far nicer than the standard ones. The only thing I wished I'd tried were the milkshakes which looked divine. The service was exceptional and the only thing that was variable on a number of visits was the speed at which the food arrived. I guess that's only to be expected at busy times.. . I have no trouble in recommending this venue.
This is a good spot to come to just to get a drink since it's not that crowded.  My bf and I stopped here on a Saturday night.  The bartender was laid back yet prompt.. . It's primarily a burger place.  We only had drinks here.
Me and my family visited this past weekend and Loved It! We ordered a variety of items to get the full effect of the menu. 3 folks ordered the Classic Burger, cooked to perfection, juicy and flavorful! I ordered the trio of sliders (BBQ & Carmelized Onion, Bleu Cheese & BLT) along with the covered waffle bites (awesome) and the wings. Oh, the wings...very spicy! They bake them first then deep fry. The sauce is hhoott, you will have a tingle on your lips, so enjoy! (See photos) Looking forward to future visits.
Whatever happened to that caged area they kept the tigers in before one attacked Roy? Well, ironically enough, the old tiger habitat is home to BLT burger... so instead, the only biting I witnessed was me, into my juicy Tex-Mex burger. . . It was an excellent burger - medium well certified angus beef, loaded with chili, jalapenos, avocado, salsa, jack cheese and sour cream. It was so big, I had to eat it with a fork and knife, but it was still definitely a burger.. . I was hesitant about eating at BLT Burger when my colleague told me about it... I thought, "Great, another high-priced, over-rate Vegas joint." I was pleasantly surprised. . . BLT really hit the spot.
My son and I found ourselves in the Mirage on a Sunday afternoon and stopped here for a late lunch.  The place was busy, but we were seated right away, and our server was super friendly and attentive.. . The milkshakes were wonderful - smooth, flavorful and creamy, not too thick, not too thin - just right!  And the burgers were even better, cooked perfectly juicy, with generous portions of lettuce, pickles, onions and tomato.   . . Just your basic burger, fries and shake  - so simple, but so well executed!  Skip the fast food joint and treat yourself to BLT Burger.
Excellent choice of burgers and other selections.  I had the turkey burger which was ground with seasonings and was surprisingly good.  Great place for a normal feeling while in Vegas and better prices for food than most places around the strip.
Loved the texture and taste of the Strawberry milk shake, and quite enjoyed the medium-well Lamb Tandoori Burger.. . Keep in mind that every topping you add will be an extra charge to your bill: cheese, avocado, etc.. . Service was fast and friendly, and the seats filled up by the time noon came around.
Tried BLT again and I must say it seemed quite a bit better to me than the last time I was here. I had the Cowboy which had a nice little spicy kick and was very tasty along with the sweet potato fries. My wife had a classic and really liked it too. Pretty solid burger joint.
I've been dreaming about their BBQ Nachos - - very good!
Pretty damn good burgers! -1 Star for the service as we had no idea who our server was for the first 15 mins.. . Burgers were quite delicious and french fries can be easily split with a couple of people.
I'm addicted what can I say? Seriously, they should have just reserved a whole cow just for me.. . The BLT burger had it goin' on til the break o' dawn, literally (they close hella late)! Succulent, juicy burgers cooked to perfection with several condiments. Not a huge fan of their sweet potato fries but the waffle fries saved the day.. . I'm lovin' the vibe here. The staff is excellent, people look like they actually enjoy working here. You can see the people actually cooking the food behind the bar and they even look like happy employees. Our bartender/mixologist/waiter named Dan was hella cool! He gave us a few samples of beer on tap before we locked down a drink. He also, ensured our meal and drinks were on point.. . A few pointers: pricey but worth it, fun atmosphere, no convenient bathroom (so don't hold it), sit at the bar, and order waffle fries!. . So, random tidbit, they all wear these shirts that have statements on the back. Definitely good conversation starters. One for example was "tip waiters not cows." I was pretty embarrassed to ask what the hell that meant only to discover there is a thing (mean) ppl do called cow tipping, wtf? Look it up if you are ignorant like me. Also, another one is "always use a condiment" (ha ha). I hope I'm not stealing their thunder but these shirts were so clever and left an impression of the atmosphere. It's the little things, I swear.
Stopped in for a late dinner. Wasn't feeling beef that night, so I ordered the lamb burger. I'm glad to say it exceeded my expectations. Wasn't dry like many I've had. Very good. Enjoyed the thin fries too. Would have maybe given 5 stars, but my Desert Flower wasn't as good as it coulda/shoulda been.  But, I'd go back for sure.
The burgers here were delicious. I split the cowboy burger and blue cheese burger with my dad. They both had an amazing flavor! I liked the blue cheese burger a bit better. The fries were also very good. Our waitress was a bit rude however. My alcoholic milkshake took forever to arrive, and when I asked her about it (we had already gotten our food before it came), she acted as if how dare I ask about it! It tasted like it had no alcohol in it when it came. So I was a bit disappointed with the milkshake and the service, but the burgers were so amazing that I'm giving it 4 stars!
Get the lamb burger.  that's all i have to say about that....
A mean hangover made all made better with a BLT Burger.  Cooked the way i asked (medium) with fat fries.  I had pretty high expectations because a place named BLT Burger better have a good burger and they came through.  Service was good too.  Bloody Mary was $14 and not great, but I drank it.. The vibe in this place was cool.  The only music they played was classic rock, awesome.  After late nights of loud club music and sounds of slot machines, I'd go back (even if I wasn't hungry) just for the music and a couple beers.. Good place for Lunch in Vegas
We ate here Father's Day night for dinner. Got seated right away and the service remained outstanding all night. The NBA finals were playing on all the TV's which seemed appropriate for the evening.  Our waitress was awesome. Kept the drinks full all night, fast service and brought and tended to the check quickly. We started with the nachos which were a big hit with the whole table.  All our burgers were good and cooked exactly how we ordered them. Of all the sides the onion rings were the best. I'd say the fries were just ok. The milkshake on the other hand, very good!  Really enjoyed our meal, would return.
BLT Burger was the first restaurant that I ate at in Vegas.  My friend and I made a list of Vegas restaurants that we wanted to check out.  BLT Burger was on the list since we were staying at The Mirage.  The waiting time for us was about 5 minutes.  As soon as my friend and I sat down, an influx of customers came to the restaurant.  This place can get packed quickly!   Just to warn you, BLT Burger is not a place to go to when you are watching your calorie intake.  lol!  The tempting milkshakes are loaded with calories but they're so good!  I ordered the Classic BLT Burger with Fries and the Mocha Mudslide Milkshake.  I was in heaven!  The classic burger and fries were fine but the Mocha Mudslide Milkshake was the winner.  I love Oreos! This milkshake had crushed Oreos in it and a whole Oreo was placed on top with chocolate syrup.   Our server was very friendly.  All the BLT Burger servers have cute quotes on the back of their black t-shirts.  The quote on my server's t-shirt was, "If you are what you eat, I am fast, cheap and easy."  He let me take a picture of the quote on his t-shirt! LOL!  The only thing I did not like about BLT Burger was the lack of privacy.  It is an open restaurant and I sat in one of the booths that was right next to the waiting line, which is pretty much in a hallway of The Mirage.  You can watch people come in and out of the hotel; however, it is quite uncomfortable when hungry people in the waiting line can watch you eat.
I had the Cowboy Burger (BBQ sauce on the side) ($13).  It was a fine burger and the ingredients were top notch quality.  4 stars because I requested it be cooked well done, however it came out medium well.  Also, this place has no restrooms.  You have to walk to the nearest one in the casino which is by the sports book.. . I am still not used to paying for side dishes that are typically included in a meal.  We ordered the waffle fries ($5) and they were way too salty.. . This is a great place for people watching.  . . Careful, the Sugar Factory is right across from BLT Burger and is super obnoxious with their loud music and flashing lights.
After the Love show in the Mirage, we came to grab a bite as a late dinner. BLT's and Burgers are two of my favorite things, so why not stop by BLT Burger?. . My friends shared the kobe slider trio, and all of them looked delicious! I was feeling a little healthy, so decided on the veggie falafel burger. It had hummus, avocado, veggies, on a whole wheat bun! Even my friends were shocked! But of course, we added on the fries. You have a choice of waffle fries, skinny fries, and fat fries. Of course, we decided to share waffle fries. Yummm!. . Overall, we were really happy with our food, although service was not as great as we had wished. Would come back again if I was in that area and feeling hungry!
I went here after some good old drinking and gambling with friends at the Mirage. The burgers are definitely delicious. I ended up getting a classic burger, adding bacon (app. +$1.50) and getting fries in addition to that (app. $5.00). I ended up spending about $21 just by adding a combo with the fries and soda. Really silly to me how they would charge it like that. I mean, how can you have a burger without fries?. . It still gets a a 4 out of 5 because it was delicious. It was really well cooked and not sloppy like burgers you usually get at 85% of the places you visit
We came here for the falafel burger, because I'm a vegetarian and love falafel... and we were staying at the Mirage. We were happy with our choice! . . We started with the mozzarella sticks. They came out quickly and were really gooey inside. A very yummy consistency! The sauce that came with it was "meh" and rather watery. You could tell that the sticks were homemade.. . We both got the falafel burgers, and waffle fries. I asked the waiter for a recommendation on what kind of fries to get (thick, thin, sweet potato, or waffle) and he recommended the waffle. We both got those, too. The falafel burger was a patty, rather than the typical "dumpling" style falafel. It lent itself to be a lot easier to eat. That being said, it was huge! It came with hummus and avocado on it, but the hummus wasn't really hummus. It was like pico de gallo! This threw us both off, as we hate onions. We scraped it off. I had a side of ranch and added that to my sandwich. It was yummy! Flavorful, and the bun nice and soft. I really enjoyed it!. . The service was good, but not too friendly. That being said, I appreciated our waiter's efficiency. . . We'd definitely go back if we were nearby!
I don't know why everyone is being a dick to this place when rating it. Maybe, when they write a review, they start cackling over some sort of fucking power trip by giving this place low stars and making everybody on Yelp look at it. . . What an asshole.. . Because everything that they said about this place, "rude service", "undercooked or low quality food", "burnt fries", are a whole load of bullshit. . . This place is GREAT. I have been here about 6 times so far, tonight being my 7th and I love their service and the items on their menu.. . Take for example, the "Twinkie Boy Shake". Somehow, and I don't know how, they managed to blend the white part of the twinkles with a vanilla ice cream milkshake, and then OVERSTUFFED the cup with whipped cream and left a half of a twinkie sitting on the top. It tastes and looks so delicious that it reminds me of the Hash House Agogo's cappuccinos, drizzled with mocha sauce and melted marshmallows. It is so overloaded with twinkie creamy awesomeness, that bits of the cream starts dripping over the side of the glass if you don't drink it fast enough. . . And you can use it to cover up the "blue cheese breath" if you order one of their nommy burgers. Tastes good, and makes your breath smell sugary and sweet for your date. . . The waitresses and waiters in every one of our visits are talkative and friendly. They know what they are working and busting their ass for, our tips. So maybe it isn't their "rude service", its that you are a narcissistic douche that wants to find flaws in everything. . . I hate butthurt reviewers. . . The only gripe I have against this place is that the bill adds up pretty fast. Burgers are about $10-15 bucks, but if you order a coke, beer, or shake that bill goes up to $22 a person. Don't forget, those "Spiked Shakes" with alcohol inside run for about $12 a piece.
A few thoughts --. . 1.  The only cheaper eats in the Mirage that is NOT out by the pool OR in cigarette smoke.. . 2.  Best tap beer in the Mirage.  (Walk up to STACK or the bar at KOKOMOS.  No tap.  Mind boggling.  Party CITY and no tap.  You can't explain it either, can you?). . 3.  Not everything on the menu is good.  Lamb and Turkey burgers not to die for, for which for these prices and location should be.. . 4.  Many items are crazy delicious. . . 5.  I had missed the CRAVINGS BUFFET breakfast and dreamed that BLT would offer a breakfast sandwich for us late risers.  While I was dreaming I discovered they did.  WOW.  (Regrettably, the sandwich is salt laden as the homemade pototo hash brown is grease laden.  I'd ask for them to put the meat on the side and serve simple french fries.). . 6.  A year or two ago I felt service and cleanliness lacked.  Sometimes a restaurant is such a hit it can actually HURT the restaurant.  Apparently new management has arrived to save the day, because service was again solid and the place was spotless.. . 7.  BLT Burger wasn't the first strip burger joint, but it was oneof the new modern joints and set a solid standard.  It's impossible to be the best burger place anywhere anyhow but it is definitely one of the better.  And so if you're walking by and need to grab a bite in the Mirage, a good choice.  Especially late night.. . OH WAIT!!!  I ALMOST FORGOT!!!. . 8.  You're not a red meat person.  You don't want a fattening meal at 1AM.  You want a snack with protein.   TRY THE FISH TACOS.  Not Los Angeles authentic but very tasty in their own right.  Honest.
This is located at the Mirage.  Came here for lunch and chose this place because there was no line.  We werent in the mood for burgers for some reason.  We ordered sweet potatoe fries which was the best and fried pickles.  I ordered the "nut job" shake which consists of nutella my fave.  This was the best!!
Nice place with pretty good service and food. The two times we went to BLT our order was screwed up somehow. Staff was friendly and took care of it both times without issue. The burgers, onion rings, and shakes are very tasty.
Met my gal pal for lunch.  We shared fried pickles, a toasted marshmallow shake, and waffle fries, and we each ordered a burger.  Bill was $45 - we were stuffed!. . The fried pickles were the absolute best I have ever had - EVER.  They were melt in your mouth, hot, juicy, and phenomenally excellent!  $6 and the portion was way more than fair!  I would go back just for a drink and fried pickles any ole time.. . Shake was tasty.  Blended chunks of perfectly blackened marshmallow inside.   They very kindly split the shake into two cups for us and garnished each with a toasted marshmallow and a big straw for sucking ease!  1/2 a shake was more than enough for this girl!. . My burger was excellent.  I ordered a burger off the menu but made several changes/substitutions and it was no problem.  I ordered it medium rare and it came out perfect.  Dripped iron flavored bloody meat juice onto my plate with every bite.  yum.  It had spicy tobasco crunchy onions, bacon, cheddar cheese and so on. . . Our service was friendly and nice.  We didn't see very much of him but we got everything we needed.  . . It was expensive but that is to be expected.  I'd go again and I'm recommending it to others.  I'll add it to my list of super excellent burgers in Vegas.
Une excellente trouvaille a Las Vegas! Le restaurant se trouve dans le Mirage, et comme c'est la que je logeais, on a choisit la solution de facilite :). . Les hamburger sont ultra bons, il en existe de nombreux differents, y compris un hamburger fallafel pour les vegetariens, ou ceux qui font attention a leur ligne ;). Le tout servi avec des frites en suffisance.  . . La cuisine est en cercle au fond du resaurant, a la vue de tout le monde. Trois-quatre cuistots y sont en permanence et il y des grosses flammes qui s'echappent des cuisinieres... Un show en soi !. . Il est d'ailleurs possible de prendre plusieurs formules, notamment avec boissons a volonte :) ou bien avec milkshake (un peu lourd pour manger en meme temps...). . L'endroit est souvent bien rempli et il y a toujours une file d'attente devant la porte... Mais en y regardant mieux, il y a toujours des tables libres aussi... donc la bonne vieille technique de reduire l'offre pour augmenter la demande fonctionne toujours aussi bien... Sacre Steve Jobs  ;-)
Shaft's Blue - 7oz. grilled CAB* (certified Angus beef), shaft's bleu vein cheese, balsamic caramelized onion, and mushrooms literally satisfied my craving in every way.  I love onions, I love mushrooms, I love beef, and I love bleu cheese.  I can't think of a better way to kickoff the vacation.    . . Service was slow because the server kind of sucked even though the place was pretty dead however, I'm not going to let minor annoyances ruin my Vegas experience because this was the first thing I put in my mouth in Vegas.. . The caramelized onions were done right, I honestly could not taste nor see the mushrooms unfortunately, the bleu cheese was tangy and smooth, and I must say that I asked for my burger rare and it came out rare.  . . To me this is a tad on the pricey side since the burgers do not come w/ any sides.
I freakin' love this place! Considering that most places in Vegas and especially ones in the casinos are expensive, BLT is actually inexpensive compared to everything else around it yet it serves a couple of the best tasting burgers I have ever had in my life.. . I tend to venture around looking for good food with even better deals but during this time in Vegas, my friend and I went to BLT three times throughout our stay cause the food was just that good.. . I would go classic/traditional for your first time (if you're a lay burger-connoisseur like I am) and if they can nail it with something traditional, pretty much anything else on the menu would be to your liking.  They're pretty creative with their recipes and they don't mess up or slack off with the classics. Go with the waffle fries ;) ;). . The service is also great and accommodating and the t-shirts the staff wears are pretty funny with their burger-related puns.
Delicious burger, quick service, and good wait staff - but prepare to pay a little more than you'd expect for it.
I was impressed with this unusual but great burger joint inside Mirage. I had a lamb burger that was out of sight, and tasty criss cut fries. The service was fast and friendly, ANC the beer was ice cold and complimented the burger well. The only thing holding this place back from a fifth star the price.
We stumbled upon BLT since we were staying at The Mirage. Even though it was packed, we didn't have to wait for a table.. . Awesome burger combinations! The meat was fabulous. I had a chicken sandwich with avocado and pesto - HEAVEN. The pesto was perfect, the chicken was juicy and plump, and the avocado? Oh so fresh.. . My husband had a burger. Gimme. The meat was also juicy, flavorful, and rich. They didn't season it a bunch which I appreciated. It allowed the natural flavors to shine!. . Their sweet potato fries were killer and while I didn't have a shake, they looked equally as divine. . . We loved it so much we cameback Sunday afternoon for lunch! That time, I had the chopped vegetable salad - holy massive portion!. . Reasonable prices for Vegas, fresh ingredients! How can you go wrong?
2 words.... Falafel burger...
I came to this place very hungry, and it was well worth it! My only regret is that I didn't try a shake - they looked AMAZING! They are famous for their BLT burger...which I did not try (I know, I'm lame). But the burger I did have was awesome! Their fries are perfectly crisp, and their BBQ nachos (sounds weird I know) are awesome. Just awesome. I would go back just for those. They don't have frozen drinks, however they do have a decent selection at their bar for drinkage. . . The atmosphere is very casual - a mix between a sports bar and diner (sort of...more the sports bar). My only complaint was that our service was pretty slow. But otherwise, I would most definitely come back for more of this delicious goodness!
Friendly, attentive service; pretty good food.. . In the two times I've been here, my bf and I ordered a brisket burger, the BBQ nachos, the Cowboy burger, and waffle fries.  The food was good, especially considering it's a fast food sit-down.  . . We will definitely return!
Fun atmosphere and pretty good burgers. Service was great, we kept having people join our table and they were very accommodating.
Saturday morning, not wanting to eat in our hotel, Jeff and I took the tram over from TI to the Mirage.  . We stumbled upon BLT, when we saw the line for the Carnegie deli.  . BLT has cool decor.  The floor and ceilings are made from ends of different sized pieces of wood, think 2x4s cut off at different ends.  It makes for interesting textures on the ceiling. The floor has a similar motif, but all the same size and polished to look like tile.  In the rear, there is a grill area with brick red shiny tile, flanked by huge black and white murals of the desert.  . . We were seated in a booth.  The table with kinda low for the height of the booth seats.  . . Our waitress was excellent.  She was helpful and pleasant.  Her recommendations were spot on.  . . Jeff and I split an order of onion rings and a bleu cheese burger.  The burger had carmelized onions and bleu cheese.  They were in the right proportion for the burger.  I didn't eat my part of the bun, but I really enjoyed it.. The onion rings were terrible.  The waitress admitted that they were frozen.  I get that, but serving cold fried things is just gross. . . I also ordered a bowl of chili.  At first, I wasn't impressed.  I make a mean pot of chili.  But, the more I ate it, the more I liked it.  The little slice of cornbread that came with it was pretty good, too.  . . The wait staff all wore really funny t-shirts.  If they had my size, I would have bought a few.  . . I want to go back for the late night breakfast special!
This place packs a helluva burger...and by helluva I mean huge packed with meat cheese, bacon and everything in between. I ordered their Bacon burger with cheese medium rare, because that's the only way you can have a nice juicy burger with a little bit of pink oozing out. Their fries were also top-notch.. . If you're a big eater they have a wide selection of shakes that you can pick from.. . The ambiance is trendy with walls and ceilings covered in cut wood surrounding the space with a nice 3D tile effect. Their are plenty of great burger places on the strip and this is one of them!
The Waffle Fries was over-fried.... The chicken wings with honey ginger sauce were a little awkward.... The burgers tasted normal.... The waiters were just okay...
I had the BLT burger, sweet potato fries, and a Mocha Mudslide Milkshake. It was all delicious and extremely filling. Service was pretty good, the waitress, Tracey, was super nice but it took a while for her to take our order. I only give it 4 stars because its nothing superb but still a great place!
Being from Los Angeles, we have so many trendy burger places popping up that use all sorts of random, fancy ingredients.  These places tend to be 'hit or miss' with me, as I never know if I am going to like their secret ingredients that make their burgers so special.  What I liked about eating at BLT Burger was that most of their selection was made up of standard ingredients that you can find at most burger places.  BLT Burger separates itself from other places by using high quality products instead of obscure ingredients to create unique, tasty flavors.  . . My meal here consisted of a BLT burger and sweet potato fries.  The burger was very good.  All of the ingredients tasted fresh and very flavorful.  Thesweet potato fries were a bit too shriveled, and I would have preferred for them to be chunkier.  However, they were still very good, and my wife kept raving about them.  . . I also noticed a lot of people ordering shakes, and I probably would have done the same if it wasn't such a cold day.  They looked amazing, and seemed to be a very popular item.  The next time I go back, I will get a shake for sure.. . I really enjoyed my meal at BLT Burger.  It was nice to have a really good burger with out all of the trendy hype.  I can't wait to have BLT Burger again the next time I am in Vegas!
I came here last time I was in Vegas, and I came back again cause it is that good!! I don't actually eat burgers lol, so my review is really focusing on the milk shakes.  I've had the mother fluffer both times I came now and it is so freaking delicious.  My husband had the lunch box milkshake and he loved it too.. . I had the Caesar salad for actually food - it was good, nothing unbelievable.  My husband had the classic burger and also said it was good but not the best ever.. . The milk shakes are so good though, and so are the fries, so go for those and you will be happy!!
Tasty!. . I'm a returning customer to BLT burger because they have one of the best burgers and shakes I've had in Vegas.
I have been to BLT burger 3 times and really enjoy each meal I have had.  Talk about doing a burger right!!!  And whether you get the thin or thick cut fries, you will not be diasppointed.  I have taken friends to this location and also get rave reviews.  The only downfall, is because they are so good, you can expect to wait to be seated.  But please believe me...it's worth the wait!
Whenever I walk by this joint, it always looks poppin. There's usually a line outside and everyone eating looks happy munching down burgers and shakes. On a night before drinking at the Rhumbar, we decide to stuff our stomachs somewhere close and convenient. Short line and 5 minutes later, we're about to order:. . Turkey Burger with bacon and a fried egg. That's my GO TO burger at these customized burger places. Maybe throw some grilled onions on there too. This burger was a good sized meal. The turkey was somewhat overcooked. The flavors were there. Nothing overly spectacular.. . Skinny Fries - They're regular sized fries but lower in calories most likely. They were decent.. . It's above average food for above average prices. But location is convenient and, hours are good, and it's a better option than the hotel food court.
An incredible hand-crafted burger.  The beef tasted incredibly fresh and the side of onion rings were equally fantastic.  Basically a wonderful place to start a night.  In fact our night included the Love Cirque Du Soleil which is being reviewed separately.
We were lucky to have this place in our hotel on our last visit to Vegas. It was our first time staying at the Mirage Hotel and when we walked by this place, it looked like a great atmosphere and place to eat,  so we did. Our food was delicious, the drink menu was amazing (alcoholic shakes and floats!) and we had a great time. The only reason for giving it 4 starts instead of 5 was the wait time for the food. Even with a line, it didn't take long at all to be seated both times we went, but after ordering... the food did take a while. I'll still go back though... I need to try a float with alcohol! I was too full both times to try it when we went :)
I have been here three times, but I think I'm over my BLT burger obsession now. . This place gets mixed reviews, and I think it's really because some of the menu items are hit-or-miss. 5 stars for a lamb burger, fried pickles, and any of their milkshakes. 2 stars for most of the other burgers, I'd say. Fries are not bad... a bit too greasy for me. . . First of all, the lamb burger is the thing to order here. It is amazing. Delicious. Spectacular. From what I've gathered, the other burgers miss the mark. They just aren't as good, and are a tad disappointing. . . The fried pickles are so fantastic, they really hit the spot. I consider myself a connoisseur of fried pickles, and I put these somewhere in the top 3. . . It is also very hard to go wrong with alcoholic milkshakes... . . I will say that if you want a good old fashioned beef burger, Holstein's might be a better option.
While looking around The Mirage, my family and I decided to eat here for lunch. It was pretty empty, but an hour or so before we passed by and it was PACKED! Good thing we waited.. . Our food took a long time to arrive, which is why I'm giving this place four stars. But the food quality overrides the slow service. I split the pulled pork burger with my mom and it was kinda spicy, but very tasty. The fries were good as well.. . Overall, I'd go back and maybe get something in addition to a burger. I love mozzarella sticks so I need to try that next time.
I have always enjoyed my food at this restaurant!. . The menu seems to evolve and change a bit each time I have gone and typically that can be disheartening but in this case the new items seem to maintain the standard. . . I have had numerous burgers including a Ruben Burger with Pastrami on a Marble Rye. That burger was great! I have also had a Pulled Pork Sandwich and a Spicy Blue Cheese Burger. . . The Spiked Milk Shakes are great. I believe one is called Grandmas Treat or something near that and it was awesome. . . Service has always been solid and the food has always arrived as ordered!. . The only reason I did not give this place 5 stars is because of the price. Keeping in mind where this place is, I still think it is slightly overprice. . . All in all, I will suggest this place when in Vegas and I hope the group says yes...
Bleu burger with sweet potato fries was delicious. Perfectly cooked, well seasoned, and amazing balsamic caramelized onions. Friend had nachos that were crazy spicy and she didnt like and waiter comped them without any hesitation. Good place for late night.
If you need a great place to eat late at night at the Mirage besides Carnegie Deli then BLT Burger is the answer.. . It has a very nice vibe to it and pretty hip located right next to the entrance going out to the strip and right across from Sugar Factory and Rhum Bar. This location use to be the viewing area for the white tigers when the Mirage opened but it has commercialized into Corporate Las Vegas, removing anything that is free with $$$. . . The food here is not cheap but for being on the strip, you'd know this is another touristy restaurant but that didn't stop me from eating here three times when I stayed in the Mirage. Service here was excellent and the burgers were delish! Just ordering a combo with onion rings and a lemonade just adds up to around $30! . . If you want to get quicker service without waiting for a table, then I suggest you go straight to the bar area and they can serve you right away, if you can find an open seat.
Definitely a better bet than KGB Burger across the street at Harrah's in terms of burger quality.  They're also open late, which is fantastic for a post-show or late-night snack.  Love their fries and their brisket sandwich, and I like sitting at the bar where it's a bit quieter than the main restaurant floor.  Happy to go there again!
If you are craving an amazing burger in Vegas then you need to come here! They have many selections of burgers found no where else. not to mention they have meat substitutions for each type of burger. . . If you like to spice up your milk shake or malts then this is where its at. They have alcoholic milk shakes perfect for the adult snack in Vegas. The shakes are a little pricey but I gaurentee you won't find them any where else in a restaurant on the strip.
I ordered a classic combo with a milkshake.  The berry milkshake was so yummy......I loved it!  My hamburger was smaller than I thought according to the pictures online but, the flavor was really good.  The service was also excellent!
Went here for dinner with a friend. Decor is kinda like somewhere between casual and upscale. It looks upscale and trendy but then you look around and there's alot of casual touches like a printed paper placemat. Still a very good vibe. Prices are reasonable for an eatery on the strip. Service was good. I had the lamb tandoori burger & vidalia onion rings. The burger itself was cooked to a very good medium. Juice was dripping outta my burger. Onion rings were good but it didn't seem like alot of rings. I had 9 rings and 3 were the smaller end rings. I don't usually count the rings but when I first saw it, it seemed like alot less than I'm used to seeing in an order of O-rings. I could be wrong.. Overall still a decent meal. Still other things to try. There was alot of interesting shakes, alcoholic and non. Their angus mix for their burger too since I had the lamb on my first trip.
Very pricey but food was good. We ordered the fish tacos and burgers.  Burgers had a great flavor and the meat was good quality. Fish tacos and fries were nice and crispy.  We also had the wings which were awesome. We had some drinks which drove up our tab.  I think next time I will skip the drinks here.
BLT is a bit pricy for a hamburger joint but the quality of the food makes it well worth it. The shakes are huge!. . I had the Cowboy Burger and a B&W shake and there is no question it was te best burger i ever had in Las Vegas
$4 beer, alcoholic milkshakes, and a damn fine burger. . . Bonus points for being open until 4am.
Ate here twice on a 3 day visit. . Excellent, charbroiled burger. I had the Tex-Mex, twice. Perfect both times. Pricey? I disagree, though I live in a resort town. Money and time well spent. Service was great and they seemed to enjoy what they were doing. And clean.. You won't regret it except if your a vegan..........
I went to this place on a recommendation from a friend and was not disappointed. I had the deep fried pickles, the Tex Mex burger, and a vanilla milkshake.. . First of all, I know what you're thinking: why just a plain vanilla milkshake when there are so many other options on the menu (Nutella milkshake, for example)?. Well, sometimes I just want a good old fashioned vanilla shake. When they're done right, that's really all you need. Let me tell you, it was done right. Perfect thickness and sweetness!. . The Tex Mex burger was scrumptious. I couldn't stop commenting on it while we were eating. The chili on the burger was good by itself: just the right amount of kick, and a little corn for texture. The slice of avocado were freash and creamy, and the beef itself was juicy and flavorful (I ordered mine medium).. . As far as price goes, it is pretty pricey. You can get combo of one of three simple burgers, a shake, and fries for $21. The Tex Mex isn't a simple burger...so plan on spending around $30 with tip.. . I would go back to try a couple other burgers on the menu that my friends enjoyed.
Got seated quick, even it being dinner time, in a casino!? Perfect. . The place had giant screen tv's with sports on (Like always). It was clean and had nice servers. I ordered the BLT burger and added cheese. It was good. I ordered a side of mayo, because I love my burgers with condiment sauces! It's a pretty large burger, so I had to cut it with a knife. I ate it with a fork and knife lol.. My boyfriend loved his burger also, but he was dying to try one of the shakes. I couldn't really handle anymore food, but if we shared I bet we can accomplish the shake. MOCHA MUDSLIDE! We almost fought over the straw it was so good! This place makes my stomach happy.
I will definitely make a trip back here for this burger joint.. . Everything i tried was presented cooked and tasted great.  I think a little on the high pricey side for a burger joint, but definitely worth it.. . And the milkshakes are worth a try too !
Open late which is great, but the food was just OK, certainly better burgers out there. The milkshakes on the other hand are not to be missed! We had the adult milkshakes - one with Twinkies and one with Sour Patch Kids. Will definitely go back just for milkshakes and skip out on the food.
This was the first restaurant we ate at in Las Vegas, it was convenient for lunch as we were staying at The Mirage. It wasn't particularly busy for lunch on a Sunday. The atmosphere was good, lots of televisions, a basic sports bar. It was a little loud, but this is expected for a casino restaurant.. . We were seated quickly, but it took a while for the server to take our drink order and then even longer to take our food order. We had the BLT burger, the classic and we each had skinny fries. The burgers were cooked exactly as we ordered. They were a good size but still easy to eat and both were delicious! The fries were average, but tasted good. The pickle that came with the burger did not taste like a pickle at all. It was not good, one bite was enough for me.. . Overall the food was much better than I expected, other than the pickle, everything was great. The service was slow and refills were hard to get, but our server knew the menu and had suggestions. Like most places in Vegas, it's a little pricey for a burger and fries, but overall I was pleased with everything, I would definitely stop by for another burger on our next trip.
Yummy burger.  Worth going back again.
Great delicious burgers and shakes. A bit pricey of course.I didn't have to leave my hotel for a great burger.
a little loud, but i like how if you sit up top you can see them cook things.. a bit pricey, but which rest in vegas that isnt? lol. nice huge tvs around the place if you want to watch games.. i loved my burger the patty was nice and thick & juicy. it was simple, but i could taste all the flavors.. chili and the waffle fries were okay nothing special about it.. the pickle was gross! i love pickles.. but not this one.. the tshirts the waiters were wearing were hilarious. . . my only complaint was that they don't do anything for birthdays! . anything would of been cool! especially when they are charging ppl up the whazoo for a simple burger ;)
The place has delicious burgers and sweet potato fries! My friends and I stayed at the mirage and ate here a couple of times. Usually, food sucks in LV (other than Earl's) so it was refreshing to eat at a place with good food on the strip! I'm definitely a fan of this place!
My brother-in-law and I stopped here for lunch on a Wednesday afternoon. We were seated immediately and the place was not crowded. Our service was quick and complete making it a nice place to eat and get back to gambling.. . We shared an appetizer of mozzarella sticks and a side of waffle fries to go with our two burgers. We both went with the standard burger and I got blue cheese on mine.. . We both thought the food was good and worth the price (given the standard Vegas premium). The mozzarella sticks came with a spicy marinara. The waffle fries were lightly seasoned. And the burger came with just the right amount of blue cheese. We would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a quick burger lunch at The Mirage.
I thought BLT burger was pretty good!  I disagree with some of the other reviews--the shafts blue burger was great!  Shafts blue cheese is a more sophisticated blue, so maybe you just need the right palate.  The waffle fries are addictive and though prices aren't cheap, they are definitely reasonable for Vegas.
The good: The burgers are very good, the shakes are better, the fries, well ok a cardinal sin of bring me cold fries, but they are good.. . The bad: The menu hidden items, in case you don't know, a pet peeve of mine, if your going to go to the trouble of listing what's in the burger, actual list everything, thankfully the dreaded onions were found before anyone took a bite and had to be hit with an epipen.. . All in all, well worth the visit, if only for the shakes.
I had wanted to save this for when I actually had time to sit, explore the menu and enjoy at my own pace.  Instead, we wound up here in need of some quick grub with very little time to spare before the Terry Fator show. . . The place was busy so we took a seat at the bar.  Bar service was friendly and quick.  We were in, out, fat, dumb and happy in less than a half hour's time and made it to the show with time to spare!  The burgers were cooked to absolute perfection and the buns were delicious.  I wanted to try apps and a milkshake but time didn't allow it so I promised myself I'd be back another day when I could fully savor my juicy burger (I practically scarfed it down whole) and try one of the amazing-looking milkshakes.  . . Knock a star off for the unreasonable prices.  The burger was good, yes, but not encrusted with diamonds.  Why so damn expensive?  OK, dumb question... but I won't make this a regular thing because I'd go broke eating delicious burgers...
7/10: Located in Mirage Casino. I'd rate the food 5 stars! However, the service was sub-par. I got one refill the entire time. . . Nice, trendy environment, though the music is a little loud. There's a normal dining area where you can people-watch, and an elevated bar area with many TV's to catch your favorite game on.. . The food was awesome! I had the Classic Burger with Oregon Cheddar, and Chicken Wings (Spicy Buffalo and Tangy BBQ). It was one of the best burgers ever! Also tried the Turkey Burger, which is probably the best turkey burger I've ever had. The herbs were done just right. I don't know what kind of bun was used, but it was very soft and flavorful. I would visit BLT Burger again!
BLT Burger is great choice for a casual dinner that is nice, but won't break your bank. The food and service and excellent.  Besides great burgers, the menu boasts a perfect amount of greasy fried food to balance even the most aggressive of drinkers.
It's not the best burger I've had in my life, but I really enjoyed it!
Great restaurant with a great atmosphere.  Good for a date, to eat and watch a game, or for late night dining.  . . BBQ nachos- we ordered them without the jalapenos and the chipotle sauce. The flavor was great and the chopped brisket was delicious and moist.. . BLT burger- the meat had great flavor. The bacon is a thick cut and cooked crispy. The sauce which is similar to thousand island accompanied the burger well. . Sweet potato fries soft and good. . Onion rings cooked correctly with a nicely flavored batter . . Berry merry shake was sweet and not to seedy for having so many berries
Great service and the tex mex burger is delicious! My only complaint is that fries don't come with burger and are a bit pricey.
Went to BLT Burger with my mom when she came to Vegas to visit and we stayed at The Mirage. We decided to go here because we didn't feel like going to far for dinner because we were both really hungry. We decided to try out BLT Burger since it was something casual and easy. We waited in line for about twenty minutes, but it was dinner time, so I really wasn't that surprised. The restaurant has a nice environment and is decorated in a simple way. The service was okay, but the food was really good. I had the Wagyu burger with Oregon Cheddar (no bun) with fries. I can't remember which burger my mom decided to have. The burger was $17; I don't remember how much the fries were. I really don't think that it was that expensive. Most burgers on the strip are about $15, so I'm not going to complain about the price.
This place was great! So great that this was our end of the night caffeine fix or soak up the booze food.. . Grabbed a quick bite here before a show and the burger was perfectly cooked. Juicy without being greasy. The bun tasted great, but I think it needed to be a little more toasted. Ordered the waffle fries...fantastic. Crunchy with a little kick. Very good. They were super nice to modify one of their milkshakes so I could enjoy it and it was superb! Thick and rich, very delicious!. . Another night we stopped in to eat a snack and drink some caffeine before going back to the tables. Ordered a basket of all their fries. They were fabulous! My favorites were the fat fries. It was almost like eating a baked potato...very nice! The skinny fries were so good and crispy without being overly crispy.
No frills. Had the cowboy burger skinny fries and a local beer dirty dog IPA.  Great food just casual and chill. Came for lunch and left satisfied. . . Great place for casual lunch. Beer & gourmet burgers.
I came here over the weekend on a busy weekend the wait wasn't too bad. I ordered a burger and some skinny fries. My friends got the lamb burger and the waffle fries with some spiked shakes. I don't remember the name of everything but I thought it was pretty goood. I think the one thing going for this place are the really good spiked shakes. They're not to heavy and they're not too sweet. It's just the right amount. The burgers are okay. Being that I've trying a lot of good burgers places it's hard to give praise for the burgers here, I thought they were just like any other gourmet burger spots in LA. But I would definitely come back next time I'm in vegas. It beats standing in line for a fancy buffet
Wings are some of the best anywhere I'm a big wing fan and so is one of my buddies he agreed as well. Apparently they are brined, baked then fried - genius. Lamb Burger - one of the best burgers I've ever had.. Blackened Chicken Burger - Awesome!. Turkey burger - Ok a little dry. -. Go with chicken. Regular burger - Decent - stick w Lamb. Mahi Tacos tasty but small. .  I'm already a fat ass so I stay away from shakes , fries and desserts but they are probably good. Manager michael was very professional and talked with me in detail about the menu. I will be back this place is a great value for the strip.
We had the slider burger trio appetizer and all three little burgers were moist and savory!   My husband had an amazing Dark and Stormy milkshake that was worth the entire price of the meal. :)  Our server was friendly, quick and efficient -- in other words, perfect!
This is one of my favorite burger joints.  I'm never disappointed when I'm there.. . The ambience is modern. It can be a little noisy though.. . The menu is simple.. . Every burger I've tried have been good.. . It can get a little pricey because everything is a la carte.. . The service can be long when they're busy. . . Notable mention: the Kobe beef burger.  By far the best burger I ever had. It's sex in your mouth.
You can order at BLT and have it delivered to the outdoor patio. Good food, great people watching and lovely Las Vegas weather - doesn't get much better. . Wide variety of both burgers and fries well prepared.
Pricey but well its in The Mirage so i guess i needs to be pricey. Great burger though. If you are in the Mirage try it out. :)
Went there this past Saturday night.  The wife wanted a burger joint on the Strip, so we figured we'd try it out.  Got there, waited about 20 minutes to be seated, which wasn't too bad considering how busy they were - it was "fight weekend" in Vegas so everything was packed.  I got  "The Cowboy", and my wife got....well I don't remember what it was now, but it looked good.  We ordered some onion rings to split, I got a soda, and she got water.  My burger was really good, my wife said hers was as well, and the onion rings were just so-so.  Not worth the $5 they cost.. . Our server was on top of things and really friendly, and we'll probably go back if we're in the area and are craving burgers.  A little spendy ($40 + tip) for what you get, but eh, it's on the Strip, so you expect it.
BLT has legit burgers!  I love the tandoori lamb burger. The meat is really tender,  and the flavor is rich.  I've had a couple of their beef burgers as well, and they are delicious. Decent beer selection as well.  Besides that,  it's just a great place to hangout and enjoy great food. BLT has definitely become a staple for me whenever I'm in Vegas!
My boyfriend and I came here super late night for grub after a ton of drinking and gambling....only to discover that they had PITCHERS OF STONE IPA. We had been on the hunt at the Mirage for good beer and didn't find any  until the end of the night. . . We were seated immediately and ordered a pitcher and food. My boyfriend and I decided to take a vacation from being Pescatarians this Thanksgiving so we splurged and shared the Cowboy burger, fried pickles, and some chili cheese fries. The burger was perfect. The beef patty was moist and juicy...just the way I imagined it would be after not having a real burger in YEARS. It was also really neat to eat. The burger held together really well and wasn't falling apart. The chili cheese fries were off the menu and they were wicked good. Don't even get me started on the frickles.. . Thanking BLT Burger for hitting the spot. We struck GOLD when we found good beer here!!
Visited BLT Burger on recent weekend stay to Vegas. My wife and I split a Burger and fries between the two of us and had a few drinks. The one thing that really stands out is the service. The server for the area that my wife and I sat in was really swamped, but the on duty manager or supervisor came cover and took our orders. He didn't only take drink orders, he allowed us to place our food orders as well. I must say this was a first and made my wife and I very pleased. Awesome burger!
My boyfriend and I stumbled across this place shortly after checking into the Mirage. We were ravenous, considering that our morning flight had been delayed for over three hours and we hadn't eaten anything substantial all day (with the exception of over-priced airport lattes and pastries). We were pleasantly surprised.. . It was an odd hour, about 4:30 in the afternoon, and there were limited dining choices open at the Mirage. We were hungry but not really in the mood for the mile-high pastrami sandwiches at Carnegie Deli, or California Pizza Kitchen. So BLT Burger it was.. . My boyfriend ordered the Tex Mex burger while I ordered the turkey burger. Both were juicy and cooked to perfection. For me, one of the true tests of a good burger place is the bun. At BLT, the bun was reminiscent of a good onion bagel but much softer, with bits of onion on the top.  The menu had a good balance of classic items as well as more exotic options like the lamb tandoori burger and kobe sliders.  We also shared an order of waffle fries and onion rings which were perfectly crispy, not greasy at all.. . The overall energy was casual and laid-back, with wait staff wearing funny t-shirts that said things like "Always use a condiment". The service was friendly and helpful. Originally my boyfriend wanted to order the buffalo fries, but quickly canceled that when he found out it was topped with crumbles of bleu cheese (or what he like to describe as "nasty, stinky, rotten cheese"). Figuring that my boyfriend wanted the spice without the bleu cheese stench, our waiter  served our waffle fries with sides of ranch and buffalo sauce.. . If you're in Vegas and simply want a good burger, this place is definitely worth a try.
We were going to a Cirque du Soleil show and came across BLT Burger. The service was a bit slow, but the burger and milkshake were great! I had a Tex Mex burger with a vanilla/Oreo milkshake. Highly recommend both! I would definitely go back!
