Had the reserved dry aged rib eye steak (6months) which was delicious. Very tender and the dry aging process gave it a subtle earthy flavor . friend had the halibut which was excellent. Also had the octopus appetizer which was good but I have had better.  I've tried a couple other appetizers,overall the main courses (steak) were the best part of the experience.  I would def come back to have that ribeye again.  Been here a couple  times, and the first time is always the best.  2nd time wasn't bad but wasn't as good.  Oh and both times, the sommelier made excellent and reasonable suggestions
The Porterhouse Reserve was the absolute best piece of beef i've ever eaten. Seriously out of this world. The only thing keeping my review from being a 5 is the price of dining... Ya get what you pay for though!
First off, let me explain why the 4 star rating.  It gets 4 stars for its steak, which was very good, but about average for what I consider a restaurant of this caliber.  It was fun to watch them carve it table side, and it was very appetizing, but the steak in my opinion was what I would get at any good steakhouse.  . . My favorite part of the meal was the pasta that I got as part of the BBL tasting menu.  The beef cheek ravioli was amazing, and I can definitely say the most outstanding dish of the meal.  Even the other pasta, the pappardelle with mushrooms, was in my opinion better than the steak.  For an Italian steakhouse, they at least got the Italian part right.  . . Yes the fresh bread was very good, and very hot, and the butter that came with it was good, however, the Lardo was way to heavy on the rosemary, you couldn't taste anything else with it. . . The wine was my 2nd favorite part of the meal, it was superb.  I did the wine pairing with the tasting menu, and it was just wow, and each wine was so different from the others.  I really liked how the server or sommelier would explain each one and the nuances about it while serving it.  If your afraid of ordering wine, just have a sommelier brought over and tell them what you like and your price range and they'll make suggestions based on that.  This was one meal that was brought up a notch due to the wine.  On the whole, I would give it a 4.5 star rating if possible, but that would be entirely because of the amazing pasta and service that we received.
Carnevino is Mario Batali's high-end steakhouse in Las Vegas (located in The Palazzo).  With steakhouses, the first thing people want to know is if the steak is good.  The steak here was very good (some of the best I've had).  Of course, a lot of these high-end steakhouses put out good quality steaks that are cooked to the appropriate temperature.  They tend to struggle with the other menu items though--the starters, sides and desserts.  Unfortunately, Carnevino is too similar to other steakhouses in that respect.. . Carnevino is huge and boisterous.  They keep the restaurant pretty dark.  The decor is nice and the seating is comfortable, but the overall look and design of the restaurant is nothing new (or impactful).  They do feature a large bronze bull statue at the front.. . The complimentary bread included cheese puffs that were good.  I cannot remember what other bread was served, but it was at least okay.. . I started with the big eye tuna crudo, which featured tuna sashimi dressed in a vinaigrette with a side of radish and cucumber salad.  The tuna was fresh and good though it was a very small portion.  Some of it was a little over salted.  The radish and cucumber salad was fresh and crisp.. . For my pasta, I had the fruit di mare, which featured spaghetti with a tomato sauce, lobster, squid, shrimp, and clams.  The seafood was a generous portion.  I liked the lobster and the shrimp.  The squid was fine.  The clams were just okay; I've had better.  The clams here were not as meaty and tender as I would have liked.  There was a little bit of grit and sand in some of the shellfish though.. . The tomato sauce had a little bit of heat to it, but it was quite thin, watery and bland.  The waiter said that all of their pastas were housemade, but the spaghetti did not taste like housemade spaghetti.  Maybe it was, but I have had better housemade spaghetti at other restaurants.. . I tried my friend's pappardelle dish, which was served with mushrooms.  We both agreed that her pasta was a little bland.  The texture of the pasta was good though.  I was not a fan of the pastas at Batali's Osteria Mozza (though the pastas there were not bland but salty).. . The main course was good though.  I had a bone-in New York Strip and it had a great char to it.  The inside was nicely medium rare.  It was juicy, flavorful and tender (which is hard to do with a New York Strip because it is lean).. . They also offer a dry aged bone-in ribeye for two people.  This ribeye gives new meaning to the word bone-in (check the photos on Yelp to see what I mean).  The ribeye was huge and they carve it tableside.  The ribeye was very good--great marbling, juicy, flavorful, and tender (one of the best steaks I've had).. . I also sampled a little bit of the filet portion from the porterhouse.  This was my least favorite of the steaks.  Maybe the filet was too thick because the center of it was kind of bland.. . They offer sauces on the side and I tried their wine reduction (Barolo Ristretto), which was oily and had no flavor.. . I did not get to try many of the sides, but I did try their creamy mashed potatoes (mixed with mascarpone and a poached egg).  The mashed potatoes were very creamy and flavorful.  The other sides sounded good.. . It was my friend's birthday so Carnevino made a big chocolate cake for the occasion.  The chocolate cake was rich and fudgy, but it was just okay.  We also had some of their gelato on the side (chocolate, vanilla and coffee).  The gelato was a little icy and lacked the creamy, smooth texture that is common with gelato.  The flavors were not that prominent as well.. . Service was good.  Food came out at a good pace.  We were a large party, but they had a large and attentive staff supporting us.  Before ordering at most restaurants, I engage the server to understand what are the most popular dishes and how are they prepared.  More often than not, I let the server direct me in what to order especially if I sense the server is passionate about the food.  Here though, the waiter was a little pushy.  As soon as we sat down, he was directing us on what to order, how much we need to order and so forth.  Service was still good, but the waiter was just not for me.. . Carnevino's meat was very good and unlike several Las Vegas restaurants I've dined at, I walked away satisfied.  Prices here (like other Vegas restaurants) were pretty steep, but at least I felt that the main food here (steak) would match up well with some of the other very good steak places I've tried, which makes Carnevino a good Las Vegas option for steak lovers.. . By the way, my friends said they saw Mario Batali (he was eating with John Cusack near the bar).. . The Palazzo has complimentary valet parking.  I would imagine like other major casinos that they have complimentary self-parking as well.
Really a 3.5 Star At Most, Overall. . Came here with some friends/couples for a Valentines Dinner. I did research the reviews on this place and was a bit discouraged to find that it had 3.5 Stars with over 240 reviews. I do understand that there are other high caliber steak houses in town that must be taken in consideration when critiquing a place like this. Well, I need to find out myself!. . The Lowdown on Food:. . Cheese croquettes: complimentary bite sized balls with a lightly fried breaded crust and a mild salty/cheesy filling. Not bad, others thought it was good and salty for the most part.. . Ciabatta Square bread with "Lardo" spread (Pork Fat) and Unsalted Butter. Bread was ok. The lardo spread was pretty good just the thought brought so much guilt! The plain butter was fine and surprisingly tasty.. . Fried Calamari: small delicately breaded squid on a thin layer of marinara and pickled hot peppers. Not chewy and had a oceany flavor to it. Not much bang for the buck ($19). . Roasted Cauliflower with Pine Nuts, capers and peperonata: it was definitely roasted and nothing extraordinary. I think they forgot to add in the capers too.. Didn't see any and didn't taste any?. . * I'm only giving them the benefit of the doubt because of the 2 following orders I'm about to mention:. . 1. Dry Aged Bone-In Ribeye: Served for 2, Approximately 32 ounces and cost a Whopping $130! "BBL is often beyond regular USDA prime standards for marbling and flavor". Claimed to be all natural, hand selected, aged in house and rubbed with only sea salt, black pepper and fresh rosemary.. . - I'm giving this place the 4 Star Advantage because the Steak was Irresistible!! I got it cooked medium well, slight pink through the middle of the thin slices (Cut Tableside) and a little char on the crust. Came with a Massive Bone (like a foot and quarter long and around 2 inches in diameter!) and Server says "The Best Part of the Steak, go ahead and nibble on it!" I also had their "First Batch Extra Virgin Olive Oil" drizzled around one side of my plate to wipe my meat slices as I pleased. Plus, I ordered a side of Bearnaise sauce for dipping. The steak was Very Tender and their custom Dull "Carnevino Stamped Steak Knife" sliced through it with ease. The simplicity of the few seasonings were light and sensitively used but exactly how a piece of Real Quality Meat should be Treated/Seasoned!! No Ifs, Ands or Buts, Top 3 Steaks I've had in my life!! It didn't need anything to support the flavors but I did try dipping a few pieces in the Bearnaise and it was Absurd how much better it tasted!!  My friend next to me ordered the Bearnaise with Crab mixed in it. I took a scoop with a chunk of creamy crab, it had nice delicate flavors and it transformed the steak into something positively different.. All in All, this came with  with a Heavy Weight  price and probably not worth it too most.. BUT It really was Iron Chef/Mario Batali Worthy!!!. . 2. Signature Mashed Potato with Poached egg and bacon: oh so smooth, soft textured mash with strips of lightly crisped bacon and an egg on top begging for its yolk to be broken and spread through the little iron dish it was served in. Sinfully Delicious!! Only complaint, it was too small!!. . * Service: One of the worse service I had ever experienced! Many mistakes and amateur decisions such as forgetting to ask everybody what beverage they wanted, Extremely Long Wait with no Updates, Had to be reminded to serve another soda, hostess and staff member was lacking knowledge of menu items.... . . For the Price they should of Fed us and Wiped our A&%!!!!! On the other hand, the place was quite Nice, had a somewhat Royal Feel to it and I really liked the Chinese Style "Lazy Susan" embedded in their huge round table (convenient  to share the appetizers, sides and such). Lastly, The Bone in Ribeye was One of the Best I've had and the Signature Mashed potato with egg was Drop Dead Delicious!!
Great food, nice big bar, but small portions! I know you're a fancy restaurant, but you can afford to fill me up when I order dinner!
Glad I went with two other people.  This is a restaurant you want more people so you can try more of their menu.  . . For three people we ordered potato gnocchi bolognese (good), duck cannelonni (strange flavor), dry-aged bone in ribeye (dinosaur bone, fun to watch them cut tableside, but lacked flavor), brussel sprouts & pancetta (good) and Tuscan fries (salty, seasoned potatoes) and for dessert a sorbetti (quince (basically lemon), blood orange, and pear) I would have preferred to get two scoops of the pear to one of the lemon or blood orange, but it was the perfect ending to the meal.  . . Service was excellent!  Explanation of menu was great.  The progression of food was perfect.  The servers did not seem to rush us, even though it was Saturday night.  For that I'd give them 5 stars.  . . It's definitely a restaurant for wine lovers.  Too bad I'm not one.  . Everyone seemed happy- servers and patrons.  Glad I tried it!
I think this place is great! It's a meat lovers dream.  You can get such a nice variety of super high quality meats that no matter what your taste that night... no problem.  Veal, Lamb, Beef, Bison!. . The only rub I have is the crazy Vegas prices.  Oh my!  There was a veal dish that was about $75 a plate! REALLY? Was the veal raised in the kitchen by rare albino cows? Not sure what justifies that.  . . Along with that were the wines by the glass pricing.  I had the cheapest Italian red which was bout $16 a glass.  Most were upwards of $22.  Now... I know this is Vegas... But when you find that same bottle at your local wine shop... It was a $9 bottle of wine.  While I enjoyed it... You can't do that.  You can't fake a $9 bottle as a $16 glass.  Sorry.. . Food great / Prices cazy
The wine list is borderline ridiculous. Intimidating even. We ordered mixed drinks at the bar since we had already started the evening with hard alcohol. Its hard to appreciate a good wine after a few vodka tonics. . Onto the food: . -Calamari: peppers added a kick, not too much breading & lightly fried. -Gnocchi Bolognese: a little too dense for me but overall I liked it & would order again. -Dry aged rib eye for two: I have no words. Order this.. My other friend had a filet which he said was mindblowing. Not sure how that's possible when you order steak cooked medium well but whatever...I understand that not everyone likes their cow still bloody and possibly mooing. On the expensive side, about $300 for the 3 of us. Some people (like my 2 midwestern friends) think that's really expensive,  while I'm used to SF prices. Our waiter was very patient with us the whole meal and when we wanted to split the bill. If I were to do it again I'd order wine, and the jamon iberico.
Ordered ribs and fries from the bar menu. Ribs were cooked perfectly but not quite as tangy as I'm used to. Fries were basically soft fingerling potatoes with parmesan cheese on them - outstanding! Best fries I've had in Vegas. Drinks (like pretty much everything on the menu other than ribs) are very expensive.
I give it a 3, my hubby gives it a 4. The reason I'm posting a 4? He ate steak. I didn't! This place is all about the MEAT and WINE for sure. My hubby really wanted that ribeye for 2. The cabbie and the server said that one person couldn't possibly eat it all. Unfortunately for him I don't eat steak! He settled for the NY strip. He was sad. He ordered a sauce on the side. However, when he got his steak he said it was so good and buttery he didn't need sauce! He also said next time he won't listen to the naysayers and will order that massive ribeye and eat all of it! I tried the gnocchi and bolognese, not a fan. I think it was ground turkey...For my entree I had the lobster. My tail was pounded out. I would prefered to just eat it as is. The claws, lemon slice and leeks were lightly battered and fried. The claws and lemon slices were tasty. The leeks not so much. They also had one stuffed with nasty cheese sauce in it. I would recommend this only for meat lovers.
After a craptastic dinner the night before (see my review on Shibuya at MGM) I was happy to just be someplace with good service and good food. Our server, Mike, was really nice and helpful. There was a guy helping him too...Jordan I think, also really nice. Not pushy or overbearing just good, friendly service. . . The black fettuccine with the crab meat and shallots is a good appetizer. The portions are small (two of us shared) but it's ok not to eat too much pasta people... especially when you're going to stuff steak in your pie hole too. My fillet was delicious and we got some sauces to share. I recommend the Gorgonzola marscapone, it's thick like cream cheese but delicious if you put it on your steak while it's still hot. The side of mushrooms was perfect size for two people. We also shared dessert...the honey panna cotta with pear sorbetto which was a nice lighter choice after all of that other food. . . This is definitely one of the best steaks I've ever had. The wine was good, the service was good. It is expensive but if you want to save money, go to the buffet or something. I would go back for sure.
We were really excited to eat at a Mario Batali restaurant and was not disappointed by Carnevino's food and service. To start off, the bread and butter were simply delicious. I ordered the cannelleno pasta (w/duck and cheese) - it was super good! The husband ordered the steak and eggs - he swears it's one of the best steak & eggs he's ever eaten. The steak and eggs were cooked perfectly, and the accompaniments (potatoes and arugula) went well. The husband's parentals got the ribs (just okay), beef carpachio (good) and the pastrami sandwich (yum). The end of the meal neared and they brought out gelato (vanilla, chocolate, espresso) and sorbet (blood orange, pear, peach) on the house! Apparently the whole computer/register system was down, so they were trying to bide some time for it to get fixed - a nice touch to a potential bad situation. The blood orange sorbet and chocolate gelato were superb. An excellent meal, indeed!
Just ate there last night as part of a 13 man bachelor party.  The service was great and the food was pretty darn amazing.  Although i did not get any sauces to go with my ribeye, the meat was so sweet, soft, moist, and delicious that i didn't care.  The sides of spinach, mashed potatoes, and the asparagus were good but the butter that they serve with the bread is amazing!  Light, clean, and delicious.. . Also got to try a piece of a buddy's lamb chop and that was spectacular.  Moist, juicy, tender lamb that had absolutely no gaminess whatsoever.  If i didn't know better i would have thought that i was eating an amazing cut of pork.  . . Truly a great dining experience.  If you wanna throw down some serious coin on some good ass meat, this is the place.
food was great. wine pairings were great. but my mouth isn't watering as i type this so i can't give it 5 stars. would go again if someone else wanted to go.
Went at 5pm on a Friday night with 10 dirty friends in their late 20's who had just returned from driving Dune Buggies in the desert. . . Service was wonderful - we were seated as soon as they could put our large table together. (we seemed to be the first ones arriving for dinner - which may have helped). Our waiter was very knowledgeable and explained the entire menu, as well as options for ordering for a large party. He was also very friendly and joked with our goofy group. . . We all ordered the famous Ribeye and thoroughly enjoyed it. The meat was tender and the flavor was good for just plain steak. NOTE: If you're not that hungry, share the steak between 3 people - it's A LOT of meat. . . Appetizers and pasta dishes were also quite delicious. . . The only drawback - it was all very overpriced, and even though it was all very good - I've had better. That's Vegas for ya! Plan on spending a lot, or go somewhere else. No need to be bitter about the bill as the prices are on the menu.. . Bottom line - we all enjoyed the experience and appreciated the fact that they didn't send us away for not being dressed properly!
Service was excellent.  I had the beef tasting menu and the meal was superb.  The restaurant loses it's fifth star from me for value.  This is a pricey meal.  If money is not an object, I would definitely recommend this restaurant!
Good steak and service.    It's what I would expect from a top tier steakhouse.
We had dinner here two weekends ago with our girls before our 9:30 pm show (Phantom). I'm quite surprised with some of the negative reviews here, esp. about the service, because we had a wonderful fine-dining experience. . . Our server, Michael, was professional and knowledgeable and the pacing was perfect. The sommelier on the other hand was just "ok". For $50 corkage, I guess I expected a little more service in addition to the accoutrements. She poured at the right time, she did give us the correct glassware, decanted and everything but she really didn't say much. I was expecting for her to at least give us a menu recommendation that will compliment the wine and highlight the food the restaurant has to offer.. . THE SETTING. It was grand and luxurious. Yes, there was "rock" music playing. Not my preference but it wasn't that loud so it didn't really bother me. I just thought the music didn't quite match the atmosphere.. . THE WINE. Carnevino has an impressive wine list but wildly expensive so we brought our own bottle. (We brought one of our favorites, 97 Mondavi To Kalon, which of course was not on their list.). . THE FOOD. Everything was delicious and perfectly prepared. Starting with an amuse of "cheese puff" from the chef. Then the rosemary ciabatta bread served with the savory "lardo" spread.  We started with orders of Beef Carpaccio, Raviolo Di Stracotto (Duck liver & balsamic vinegar) and Arugula salad w/Coach Farm triple goat cheese, trumpet royale mushrooms, & onion pickles. For our main course, we had Veal Sweetbread Primavera, Black Fettuccine with crab, jalapenos & shallots, "fall off the bone" Osso Buco Alla Milanese, saffron orzo & gremolata and 8 oz Aged Filet Mignon with Porcini Bearnaise. I thought the Osso Buco could usea tad more flavor but it was good, nonetheless. Then we ordered sides of Sauteed Spinach w/garlic & hot peppers, & Creamy Mashed Potatoes w/poached egg. The poached egg in the mashed potato made it even creamier. It was perhaps the best mashed potato I've ever had.. . Last but not the least, the dessert. Most of us were too full but managed to share Mascarpone Panna Cotta w/Blueberry Sauce and Espresso Gelati, Rhubard Gelati & Blueberry Sorbet. Both delicious, creamy and refreshing. Perfect way to end a fantastic meal.
Went to Vegas on biz, and my colleague is a Mario Batalli fan.  Personally, I just like good food.  These celeb chefs can't be everywhere and often times the restaurant is licensed...so its a mixed bag. . Carnevino is very good in places.  The service is excellent as is the wine line list.  The salad had many colors and textures.  I also liked the Puttanesca(literal translation in Scilian: Whores sauce) with homemade pasta and a nice balance of olives and capers.  Its a great dish. . Except there is not enough of it...the hunger hit me by the time the acrobats were bouncing around at Mystere
The food finale for the GF and my trip to Vegas was dinner at Carnevino.  On a previous trip to Vegas, we had dined at its sister restaurant, B&B Ristorante, and had thoroughly enjoyed the experience so we felt compelled to try Mario Batali and Joe Bastianich's second collaboration in Vegas.  Unlike B&B, Carnevino is all about the meat.  Having had a nice little run at the craps tables, we decided to go all-out and have their Special Beef Tasting Menu with wine pairings.      . . Wagyu Beef Crudo paired with a 2009 La Spinetta, Vermentino Toscana.  The Australian-raised wagyu was tender, sliced razor thin, and displayed beautiful intramuscular marbelization.  It was subtly seasoned with coriander, saffron and fennel and was nicely complimented by the crisp, medium-bodied, white wine. . . Beef Cheek Ravioli paired with a 2007 La Mozza, Morellino di Scansano "I Perazzi" Toscana.  The homemade ravioli was stuffed with a rich, tender beef cheek and dressed with aged balsamic vinegar.  The sangiovese was another nice accompaniment to the course.  Good, but not mind-blowing.. . Wet-Aged Piemontese Beef paired with a 2006 Produttori del Barbaresco, Barbaresco Piemonte.  The wet-aged steak was stacked atop a bed of sauteed spinach like a meaty Leaning Tower of Pisa, topped with a deep-fried quail egg.  I would've preferred the egg yolk being a bit runny to coat the beefy stack.  Still, it was a pleasing dish.  The barbaresco built on the dish's pleasing qualities.. . Dry-Aged "BBL" Beef paired with a 2005 Argiano, Brunello di Montalcino Toscana.  I prefer dry-aged beef and this dish only reinforced that notion.  The lobster and potato hash made for an excellent "surf" to the tender, meaty "turf".  Brunello di Montalcinos are my favorite Italian wine.  The big and bold Argiano was my favorite wine of the night and it was perfect with beef.  My one wish is that it would've been an '04...oh well.. . Vanilla Semifreddo paired with a 2009 Maculan, "Dindarello" Veneto.  By this point in the meal, I was pretty full so my feelings about the dessert were somewhat muted.  The semifreddo was made special by the topping of pistachios, rum, and strawberries.  The moscato held up exceedingly well with the rich desert.  A nice finish.. . Carnevino is a solid, albeit very pricey, restaurant.  Each course was well conceived and well executed.  The wines were also well matched and we received healthy pours.  However, if I had to choose between either B&B Ristorante or Carnevino, B&B would be the better choice for my money. B&B offered a more diverse array of Italian cuisine and the wine pairings seemed to be bolder choices and better fits with each course.  While an all-beef tasting menu sounds good in theory, it can become a bit one-note resulting in palate fatigue.
Very pricey but worth the splurge.  The hostess check-in left alot to be desired, apparently it was more important to gossip than actually acknowledge a group of 6 standing in front of them.  Our waiter was spot on with recommendations and we tried a bit of everything as it is family style.  Make a reservation or you will be disappointed with a wait or no room.
Service - couldn't be better. Atmosphere - posh. Food - excellent. . Our party of ten had their sights set on some serious meat and most of us decided on either the dry aged bone in ribeye or the La Fiorentina (Florentine porterhouse).. . Because our group was fairly large, the waiter suggested doing a family style dinner and allowing the chef to bring out his recommendations. He asked for our per person budget and said the chef would tailor the dinner to our party. . . So much food was served that I lost track of what exactly we had, but based on our tab, below is what I think we ate. All I remember was that the food was truly amazing! . . The porterhouse is the THE steak that everyone must try. So flavorful, so buttery, so good. . . Our menu.... . - grilled octopus. - fried calamari. - cheese balls in a napkin. - affettati (chef's selection of house cured meats). . - beef cheek ravioli. - cannoloni. - gnocchi. - truffle. . - ribeye. - porterhouse. - lamb chops. - black rossini. . - mash potatoes. - spinach. - mushroom. . - Fernet Branca -- The waiter recommended this menthol smelling, bitter tasting, alcohol infused after dinner drink. It had a medicinal quality to it and was suppose to be good for our digestion, even curing or at least preventing a possible a hangover.. . We did bring two magnum bottles of our own wine. And, whoa, the corkage fee was an astounding $75 per bottle.. . Well...a steak house serving their finest foods omakase style.  I loved it. This is one of the best steakhouses that I've ever been to. The service and presentation were superb. Everything from the appetizers to the pastas to the steaks was just fantastic. . . The astronomical price (even for Vegas) is the only thing holding it back from a fifth star.
Service started out a little fast. Waiter asked about sparkling or tap water and then took off. No "start you off with a cocktail?". Bread guy brought bread and was explaining about the two kinds of butter and left mid-sentence, voice trailing off like a rock down a well.. . After 2 server blow-offs they brought my first course. They told me what it was and I whipped out my blackberry and said "How do you spell that?" I think from that point forward, they thought I was a food critic because they started tripping all over themselves. It was actually kind of comical. . . I had the beef tasting menu. Highly recommend it. Wagyu beef crudo was good. Beef tasted a little plain and not sure what the coriander, saffron and fennel did to accompany it. Beef cheek ravioli was excellent. Almost as if the beef cheeks were puree'd. Smoky flavor with great pasta ravioli and a cheesy sauce. The "12 year old" aceto balsamico was an especially nice touch.. Piemontese beef was excellent. I wish it had two quail eggs instead of one so I could have some with each bite (like the garlic spinach).. Dry aged BBL beef was really good. Looking at the beef, it looked too rare but the juices really explode in your mouth and the bernaise sauce complimented it well. The potato lobster souffle (I guess it was a souffle or a hash b/c when the waitress brought she said it was a "potato lobster uh...uh" and I finished her sentence with "souffle?") I could do without. One bite and done. . .  The vanilla semifreddo with pistacchio rum strawberries for dessert was just fine. . . All in all I'd say if you're in the mood for beef, this is a very good place (if you can look past the extremely uneven service). They really take their beef seriously. I'm not sure if this makes sense but this is not a steakhouse. It is an italian infused beefhouse. . . And if they think you're a food critic, they take the service seriously. Otherwise, maybe not so much.. . Smiley face and 4 stars.
Divine ribeye, very rich and fatty but a must-try!  Hubby had filet mignon but thought ribeye was a better choice.  The only negative is that ribeye is only sold as a hunk of meat for two people at 72 dollars per person!!  Granted you get a lot of meat but never in my life had I paid 140 dollars for a ribeye!  A bit of sticker shock to say the least!  Overall great food but overpriced.  Sides were small and nine dollars a pop and very average tasting (ordered garlic spinach and snapeas and carrots, both of which were just "meh").  They should just include your choice of sides to the meat dishes, why nickle and dime me when everything is already so pricey?  Also, a simple pasta dish consisting of spaghetti, olive oil and parmesan for two-year-old daughter...19.00.  Ouch. And, no, I am not exaggerating.  Look at the photo of the receipt I downloaded.
Mr. Batali, you r good...First of all, just know the prices are over...overpriced...but the food and service was quite delicious. . . The items we tried was the beef tartar...which I loved with the toasted bread.  Another must dish is the fruiti de mari....either it be an antipasta or a full meal.  The sauce was amazing...it came with amazing huge lobster tail in half and shrimp, calimari, and clams...it was so delicious..the sauce was most memorable.  It was like eating lobster bisque with pasta..it wasen't just your regular tomato sauce from a jar...it has a seafoodish flavor to it to pair well with the shellfish it came with.  . . We also shared the 8oz. filet mignon which was served perfectly medium and also came with table service where they sliced the meat into pieces for us and presented it beautifully.  . . We also had the arugala salad which was probably the worst thing we got from this place...it was so acidic, you had to eat lots of cheese to balance the acidity it had on it....we complained to the waiter but all he could do was notify the chef about it....what a sucker.  not there greatest decision there from a waiters point of view.....they could have taken it off the receipt for use...especially since it was the cheapest thing we ordered....and it was quite acidic and discusting. . . We had no room for desert and ate everything else.  Glad we didn't waste any food.  Great 3 meals out of 4 .. . Oh yeah...after the waiter cuts your meat and ask to add rock salt to your meat...don't do it!!!  just ask for it on the side and taste the meat first before you he does that.  just a safety measure for HTN and salty tongue ppl.  :P
Great service and food. Had the tuna. Lil too much salt and lemon but good. Had bone in rib eye for 2. Awesome. Took the bone hone for the dog. He lives it.
I came here after hearing raves about this place from personally notable steak-eating friends from LA.  I'm not sure why other people would come here and not get any of the Beef Tasting Menu- it's sort of like going to the fresh seafood place on the pier and ordering the pre-frozen stuff. I arrived to vegas early friday for what is to be the beginning of a jam packed party weekend.  I 'open tabled' our reservation of 2 for friday evening and decided to get a black label and tonic instead of a red so I don't fall asleep trying to hang at XS.. . Steak:. We ordered the 26oz Bone-in-ribeye for 2 ($72 each, $144).  It's the one in the picture that looks like something Fred Flintstone would be chomping on while yelling Yabba Dabba Doo in between bites.  I'd give the steak broil quality/technique (9.5/10), Tenderness consistency (9/10), Overall taste (9.3/10).  The steak is cut for you (cutting the steak properly is almost as important as the broil), however you may need to cut it smaller.  In comparison to Mastros, I would say this comes in a close second...on a good Carnevino day it may even surpass Mastros. I'm not sure why some reviewers are complaining about lack of taste on the raw portion of the steak... do they expect the chefs to inject marinade into the meat?! That's how steak is folks..Yes they give you the large bone with little pieces of meat hanging on it so you can feel like a king sitting next to his recently killed prey.. . Bread/Sides:. We were given traditional Italian Rosemary bread with a unique butter blend and also a separate lard-based paste.  I used each by themself then together- using them together was my final choice to finish.  So many of the previous reviewers complained about the bread and the butter/lard...what they don't understand is this is an Italian restaurant and so the bread/butter selection will not be the same as an American steakhouse- get cultured folks.  In addition to the steaks, we got the spinach cream side... for some reason I was expecting the side that Lawry's gives, but this one is basically raw spinach cloves tossed with italian spices and some buttery garnish all seared for probably 30 seconds.  This is definitely not a place to come to if you are sad about losing $20 on the slot machines as the prices are slightly above the majority of premium steakhouses I've been to.
Yum yum- I love this place. How yummy. Everything including my wine was delicious. I had the pasta with crab, lobster and shrimp. Yum. I would go back to Vegas just for that restaurant! I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 cuz my lobster and the others at my table came untracked which in a saucy pasta dish was not only a pain to deal with but super messy. Otherwise yum!
Made reservations. Show up and am greeted by some exceptionally impolite hostesses. I'm about to drop north of $2-300 and the best you can do is scowl?. . Enjoyed the rosemary bread with lardo. Ate too much of it and skipped the appetizers. I recommend having a Fernet Branca to ease the stomach at this point.. . On to the main - double rib eye, Chicago style. Pleased to say that after a not so pleasant intro to the restaurant, the wait staff was spot on. He brings out the small cow, lets us appreciate it, and carves it before us. Piles it onto our plates, and remnants of the bone into the centre of the table.. . I've eaten at a lot of steakhouses, while in terms of location, decor etc Carnevino is not my favourite. In terms of the actual steak - Pretty hard to beat. It was that good. Melted in your mouth.. . At end of meal, waiter then comped us some Nonino Amaro - which he wanted us to try (we had been talking Italian bitters earlier on). Amazing.
During my last Vegas trip, I stayed at the Palazzo and stumbled across Carnevino.  At first, I expected it to be a regular steakhouse but I was in awe at how great the food here was. . . Entrees ordered: Veal chop $85, Anolini (Lobster & taragon ravioli) $38. The veal was extraordinary. The veal was very tender and perfectly seasoned.  The anolini was smaller on the portion side, but it was tasty and fulfilling enough for me.  . . The service was wonderful, the waiters had great recommendations and seemed to enjoy working there - which I always love to see.
I'm surprised that Carnevino doesn't have better reviews. I was very impressed the time that I went here with the quality of the steaks. I have to say that based on the quality alone, this is probably one of the best steaks that I have had in Las Vegas, and surprisingly I didn't have the bone-in rib eye, like I usually do. The price of the restaurant may be a reason for the low ratings, but if solely on the quality of the food, this should be a 5 star rating. The aged steaks are beyond great and probably the reason i am a big fan. They have a huge bone-in rib eye for 2 (that my friends had) and the meat was super tender and cooked to perfection. I had the double filet mignon that in my opinion was the best filet mignon that I have ever had - excellent quality of meat, aged and cooked to perfection, a perfect medium rare.. . What is also great about this place is not only the great steaks, but since they are an italian steakhouse, they also have some really great pastas. We shared the spaghetti frutti di mare which had numerous and generous pieces of seafood. Overall very good pasta with many other selections available too. Also, the appetizers that we got were delicious. A must try is the grilled octopus! We also tried the bruscetta which was also very good.. . The one thing that I was disappointed with here was that we did have some leftovers (mainly the huge bone-in rib eye for 2) and we attempted to take them home. However, for some unknown reason, we were given the wrong bag when we left. We discovered the error and I think that they accidentally threw our leftovers out when the table was cleared but they would not say they did that, so we left with no leftovers at all - and I know the steak would have tasted great the next day. The manager did take our drinks off our bill, which was a nice gesture, but we were still perplexed as to what happened. . . Overall, a must visit steakhouse for those of you coming to Las Vegas and wanting a higher end steakhouse.
Expensive, but well worth it! The meal is brought out in courses, which was great for the large group I was with in that it gave enough time to socialize. . . One of my biggest gripes about nice restaurants is their portions. I've eaten at a few Michelin 3 stars and, while the food was great, I was always left wanting more. This wasn't a problem at Carnevino! My steak was superb, and I wasn't going to let a quality cut like that go uneaten. I was stuffed and could barely get down the last piece. . . The waiters definitely know what they're doing, offering complimentary wines for every meal. My only gripe, and the only thing that keeps Carnevino from being a 5 star, is the pace of the service. It took over 30 minutes for our wine to arrive, and the meal itself lasted nearly 3 hours. . . Would I go back? Certainly.
possibly 4.5 stars. extremely enjoyable experience all around. fresh shaved truffle galore.. I am a true believer in Mario Batalio after visiting both B&B and most recently CarneVino.
I would say my experience here was an outlier.  My party gave the waiter carte blanc about the meal we wanted to eat tonight.  With a little bit of a lot of alcohol I am sure we were taken advantage of. Our meal topped out with tip above a grand.  Please be sure to not buy what ever remainder of truffle they may want to sell you by the gram.  The shaving over whatever you shave it on after you drank as much as we did won't make any difference to your already blunted senses.  I think we paid for the 10grams of truffle $150. We probably used 2-3 grams on our food and did even bother to take the rest home.  . . The waiter brought out several things on or off the menu per our preferences.  We told him before hand that we like meat and pasta.  We also told him, them, whom ever was taking care of us, that if they saw the glass less than 3/4 full that they need to be johnny on the spot with the refills.  They were a bit slow on that but its not like we noticed.. . I am not exactly sure what we ordered but I will describe them and if you find that it is something you want to try then you might be able to describe it.. . We ordered the prociutto, carne cruda, and bison carpaccio for starters.  I was not a fan of the prociutto which I thought was cut to thin to handle. The cruda was terrific.  . . We also ordered the ravioli and the wet aged beef with the quail egg.  My personal opinion is that the beef with quail egg was the best part of the meal.  The ravioli was soft and filling.  We also ordered the beef that came out with a giant rib that sits on the table.  When we walked into the restaurant a gentleman was actually eating from this rib that resembled a dinosaur rib that was stolen from some natural history museum.  . . At this point we were into a second bottle of wine.  What was interesting which I thought was a nice touch is that they opened the wine and poured it into a decantur.  All other restaurants I have been too did not do this and this was different and kind of cool.  . . Of note, try the lardo.  It is the fat off a pigs back. If anyone has read the book "Heat" which is written by a food journalist who worked out of Mario Batoli's kitchen in New York knows what I am talking about.  The journalist describes lardo quite well.  My friends thought this to be a bit heavy and thought it was lard.  It is not.  It does kind of have a tang to it but its good and worth trying.. . You certainly don' have to spend a fortune to eat here.  We overendulged ourselves and made the most of it.  I liked it and the staff was eager to please but its probably because we kept ordering stuff.  The atmosphere is dark and sophisticated and great for meat lovers and wine drinkers.
Went in for lunch. Had a nice glass I rose and the beef ragu. My food was delicious and the beef nice and moist. My friend was going to order the filet but the waiter said ny bone in was better so my friend was convinced out of ordering steak by the server! Other then that everything else was great.
The hubster and I enjoyed this place. I can't say that it was the best place where I have ever eaten, however it was good and I would go again. It was expensive, butI think it comes with the territory with these types of places. I did love how the fat melted in my mout though. Not a fan of fat, especially as a lady, but it was, alas, amazing.
I found the Yelp consensus on Carnevino to be spot on- very good to excellent food that is pretty pricey but overall a great experience.  I found a few things about the restaurant worth sharing for prospective Carnevino visitors:. 1.  Be prepared for the hard sell!  The servers are knowledgeable and friendly but they've definitely been trained to get you to rack it up.  They'd try to shave truffles and pair a lobster tail with your glass of water if they could.  If you want to keep your bill in this solar system (barely), be prepared to stand your ground.. 2.  You'll notice that there's almost no bottles of wine on the big list that are sub $100.  Look at the wine by the glass menu and you and most of those bottles are available for $40-$90.. 3.  On your way out get matches!  I love collecting restaurant matches and these are just about the best one's i've ever gotten.  It's a huge, stylish case of matches, I can't even call it a box.  The Most Interesting Man in the World might not always drink beer, but he'd always light his cigar with Carnevino matches.
We came here for lunch on a Saturday.  I was craving a hamburger, so when I saw a hamburger on the menu, I was thrilled. . . The burger comes with house cured pancetta and sweet gorgonzola and I added the garlic fries.  My burger was so good, it was cooked to my desired temperature and it was so juicy.  The garlic fries were ok.  I was expecting just that; fries!  But they are (possibly) baked fingerling potatoes with fries, parsley, and parm cheese- still I am not complaining, but I guess I was just in the mood for french fries and some added garlic sounded even better.. . My boyfriend had the house-made pastrami.  Ohh hell's yeah! Very tasty but i liked my burger better.  My burger was fatty and delicious.  I was full the whole entire day.  So lady's, if you have a small stomach like mine and are planing on having dinner later on  have two bites because you will not be able to move after this massive beast-of-a-burger.  . . Service is great and the place I guess can be a bit expensive to some.  If you are looking for a cheap Italian place, then skip this one because you will complain after you pay, no matter if the food was beyond excellet.
***Carnevino is expensive, but the meat choices (like the New York Strip and veals chops) as well as the grill octopus and lobster ravioli are very good***. . While I am not a big fan of Las Vegas restaurants, Mario Batali's Carnevino definitely excels at putting out great meat dishes.  We had several of their meat offerings including the bone-in New York Strip and the veal chop and both were very good.. . The bone-in New York Strip was a thick cut and it had a great crispy outside sear, which was flavorful.  The meat was very tender.  It was undercooked at rare, but it still had a good flavor (and was of course moist).. . The veal chop was better.  It was also very thick, but it was cooked more appropriately.  Veal chops should be between medium rare and medium and this one was.  The meat was moist and tender while the outside crust was distinct and flavorful.  Veal can often be a tad bland, but this one had a good flavor.  This was probably the best veal chop I have ever had.. . The lamb chops were just okay.  Unlike the other meats, the lamb chops were not that thick.  They were a tad overcooked and while they did have a decent flavor and were tender, they were just not as juicy as they should have been.  Also, the outside crust was not as good as the veal or the New York Strip.. . We had two other dishes that were also very good.  One was their grilled octopus.  I've heard Batali's grilled octopus at Osteria Mozza is very good.  This one was exceptional.  The octopus was very soft (which can be difficult with octopus) and it had a great flavor.  There were some good pickled vegetables on the side and maybe something else like prosciutto to give it a nice savory flavor.. . I have not enjoyed many of Batali's pastas, but I did like his lobster anolini.  The lobster filled ravioli was very good--moist with a great lobster flavor.  The cream sauce was mixed with tarragon and it was flavorful and fragrant without being overly buttery or rich.. . Most of the other items were in the just okay range.  The arugula salad featured a triple cream, but the triple cream was surprisingly dry and a little hard.  The bruschetta was okay (as was the big eye tuna crudo).. . We had the pappardelle with porcini mushrooms and while the pasta sheets were good, the pasta went cold quickly.  It was also a little bland.  I was expecting the braised pork agnolotti to have a more impactful filling, but it was not as moist or savory as I was hoping for.  The garnish of chanterelles was good though.  There was a little bit of butternut squash on the plate, but it did not provide the sweet flavor I was expecting.. . Most of the sides were just okay (like the spinach and the roasted beets), but the mashed potatoes with mascarpone and a poached egg were rich, creamy and quite good.. . I had the flourless chocolate cake for dessert and it was okay.  I am not the biggest fan of flourless chocolate cake because it can be too dry.  While it was a little bit dry, it had a good (but maybe not great) chocolate flavor.. . Service was good.  The staff was attentive and the food came out at a good pace.. . Prices were high (which is common in Las Vegas), but when you share several of their dishes (family style), you might be able to save a little bit of money.. . Carnevino has very high ceilings and a loud atmosphere.  The place has the look of other expensive steakhouses--kind of masculine looking with lots of dark browns.. . The meat at Carnevino is very good and it is up there with some of the best a la carte steakhouses I've tried.  I am not the biggest fan of these steakhouses, but Carnevino is one of the better ones and they even have a few other good things (like the lobster ravioli) to balance out the meal.. . Carnevino is located in The Palazzo, which has free parking (valet or self).
Upside- 12oz. Filet Mignon. Best steak I've ever had. Perfectly cooked medium rare.. . The surprise- The sauteed mushrooms (slight kick to it) and the mashed potatos (w/ a fried egg mixed in) was incredible. I was expecting a great steak (especially for the price) but the sides were the dark horse.. . Downside- Two things- . . 1. Price, however this was expected and was a special occasion. . . 2. Alcohol, lack of selection for beers to be exact.  I'll admitted I'm not a wine guy but I am a beer guy. I thought that for this caliber of restaurant  they should have more craft beers that you can pair with the meal. However I was told was pretty solid.
It was my first trip to Vegas and my husband took me to Carnevino for lunch! Being in a hotel, the atmosphere of the restaurant is very nice and has a very warm feel to it! . My husband got the burger, which was out of this world! It was juciy, thick and hearty.. like what a burger should be like. I got the linguini, which was not what i had expected it to be like. Perhaps the spice of the sauce was overwhelming and lots and lots of carrots! But the linguini itself was very good! The texture was just right.. talk about Al Dente! If i got a diferent sauce, it would have been a 5 star!. . The beef tartar with mushroom was also absolutely delish! I like my meat medium rare, but if you are going to eat a meat RAW, it should really be at a place like Carnevino where they know what they are doing and can make it taste... yummmm!. . I havent gone for dinner, but if you are looking for a nice dinner that you cant go wrong, make sure to stop by Carnevino!
Showed up late here and they had a late night menu. J.T. the bartender took care of us. We ordered the 16 OZ NY Strip (medium rare) and 2 of their Shimp Diavolo (these things were monstrous). The steak was well aged, I would say 60 days, the crust on it gave it a great deal of depth, it was well marbled and every last bite was consumed. The shrimp were served with a spicy tomato sauce atop crusty bread, they had to be at least 8 oz. each, probably bigger. I would recommend this place, and I will be going back next trip to Vegas.
Omg you must get the grilled octopus!!! Best dish of the night besides the porterhouse steak. . . Great service and hot server!  Definitely a family style meal with the dishes.  We had a party of 7 and ordered 2 steaks and a bunch of sides. If you're also looking for a pasta dish, the gnocchi was great.
This place is crazy expensive, but they serve only the highest quality ingredients here and prepare it with the utmost care. My boyfriend had told me about Carnevino and his exact words were, "the best beef you will ever eat." The last time my boyfriend was in Las Vegas, he had come with a bunch of friends for a bachelor party and the best man made a dinner reservation there.. . When my boyfriend and I came to Las Vegas for one of his basketball league games, he insisted that he had to take me here. There`s one thing on the menu that`s meant for two people. It`s the Dry Aged Bone-In Rib Eye that comes with your choice of two sides. Don`t let the price scare you. Yes, it`s $144, but it`s worth every penny, especially if you`re already willing to spend a ton of money in Las Vegas.. . The beef has been dry aged for two months, which means that the flavor of the meat intensifies the longer it sits, resulting in the most delicious, flavorful, and succulent piece of meat. The sides we got were Roasted Shitakes Aceto Balsamico, and Mascarpone & Guanciale Mashed Potatoes. When the beef and sides come out, everything is presented table side. The beef is carved for you and the server puts virgin olive oil and sprinkles some sea salt on top. After he carves your meat, he sets the bone so you can nibble off the little bits of meat still on the bone. You`ll look like Fred Flinstone gnawing on that huge bone. The sides are both served in small skillets so they stay hot as you are enjoying your meat. The mushrooms were alright, but the mashed potatoes were excellent. Creamy mashed potatoes with mascarpone cheese and chives mixed in topped with a raw egg. Your server will break the yolk and mix it into the hot mashed potatoes. So rich and absolutely delicious.. . The meat definitely stands on its own. It doesn`t need anything accompanying it. When you take the first bite, it is unbelievably juicy and tender. The olive oil gives it a richness and the salt just brings out the flavor of its natural juices. Amazing.. . Definitely the best beef meal I have ever had.
I like the ambiance, the style and the service of Carnevino very much and that makes it a fun and enjoyable place.. . 1.  Service - From the cocktail staff to the servers, everyone here is top notch. They know their menu and style very well.. . 2.  Meat - Not bad, it is elegantly produced and masterfully presented. We had the Bone in Rib Eye 3 months aged, andalso 8 months aged.  These are servings for two.  They recommend it cooked medium rare. It was okay, I prefer a bit more of a tender texture and this was the right color and warmth, just a bit chewy.. . 3. Appetizers - Had the Orecchiette Pasta and the Calamari.  While a very small dish, it was fine since we had heaping plates of beef coming our way.  The Calamari was light and tasty.  the Pasta was very nice, however, the serving very, very small.. . 4.  Back to the meat - I have to say, for the price we paid, and the fact that this is a suggestion by the staff, I would say that this was not the best meat I have ever had.. . 5.  Vino - Nice huge selection and plenty of choices for the knowledgeable and plenty of raised eyebrows for the uninitiated!  We asked and got great suggestions for a reasonable price.. . 6.  Parties - This place is huge, and huge and even more huge. It goes on and on. Great for really large parties, however, it may not be private.. . I do plan to come back and experience this again. I would still ask for the Rib eye and have it this time just "pink" rather than medium rare.   Overall, I have had the steaks at Del Frisco, Delmonico, Golden Steer, Flemings, Anthony's, Besos, Binions, Capital Grill, Craftsteak, Mortons, Smith and Wollensky, Palm, Envy, Gallagher,  and  Charlie Palmer, so I would say this was fair to middlins.  Gotta come back to try it again for sure!
This was an incredible dining experience!  The ambiance and the waitstaff weretruly great.  The food was really incredible.  The only issue I have is the price.  It's an expensive restaurant but the the big issue is the sticker shock on the prime rib for two.  The price on the menu was per person, although it wasn't worded that way.  We were surprised to see it cost double on our bill!
The 3 month aged ribeye steak is great.  It's worth trying at least once.  Definitely eat the meat off the bone also.  It's just as good as the steak itself!
I absolutely loved the dry aged rib-eye.  The steak itself earns five stars, but I'm knocking off a star because of the beginning and end of our meal. I was starving already and what felt like an eternity was probably a half hour before our waiter took our order. But I must say that the food came fairly quickly after the order was placed. . . We came with a party of 10. I shared the rib-eye, in addition to two sides, with my husband and a girlfriend.  The rib-eye was well worth the money and should be tried at least once. I would actually eat it a second time.  For the sides, we order the shitake mushooms and asparagus - both were good. . . Other people on our table ordered the filet mignon, the porterhouse, and the truffle pasta - none of which were as good as the rib-eye. I tried my friends' dishes as well, but there wasn't much worth remembering about the filet mignon or the porterhouse. I don't remember the name of the pasta dish, but as soon as the waiter mentioned "truffle", the two girls that ordered it were sold on it. Unfortunately, truffle is not always good on everything.  The pasta was drenched in truffle oil - definitely too rich for my palate. . . By the end of the meal, we were beyond stuffed and didn't have room for desserts. However, we were celebrating the birthday of three of the guys and the restaurant was nice enough to give us some cookies.. or not. Though the gesture was nice, other restaurants like Elephant Bar gives better desserts than cookies to birthday folks. I didn't taste the cookies because the appearance didn't look appealing already, but those that did said it was stale. Perhaps they like to age their cookies too???
I ordered a salad which was just ok, however my entree was amazing!  I ordered the duck canolloni and it was awesome!  Very pricey place though so you will need to make sure you are ready for a hefty bill.
my BF loveeeeeeeeeeees this place..  . BEEF CARPPACCIO - 4 stars. thinly sliced, light flavor. very good. . ARUGULA SALAD -  very good, light oil/lemony flavor and fresh. . BLACK TRUFFLE PASTA - good, buttery light flavor. . BONE IN RIB EYE - i had the rib eye... first bite was definitely heaven. i like to be impressed at first bite. i definitely was.. i did get sick of the steak after a little while, but maybe it was because we ordered so much food.. . DO - Tell them how you like your steak. they tend to cook their steaks a little on the rare side, so when ordering, you should always tell them exactly how you want it based on color.. . DON'T - Let them choose a wine for you. they are going to try to sell you whatever over priced bottle they can find. you are better off picking one yourself... if you don't like the taste, be sure to send it back.
We had tickets to Blue Man Group and this is a featured pre-theatre dinner spot with a special menu and prices if you show them your tickets.  . . We took the special which has a couple of apps to choose from, a couple of entree choices and dessert. . . Ron had the calamari in spicy pepper-tomato sauce was light and crisp.  It did not even look like it was breaded until you bite into it with a crunch. . . I chose the deconstructed Caesar salad with radicchio which was crisp and zesty with very pronounced garlic. It had 3 whole anchovies which I prefer to be hidden but they diced up easily enough on the plate.  . . The highlight of the dinner was the fillet mignon which was aged to perfection, delicately seasoned and cooked to perfect temperature. This was served alone on a simple clean white plate. No sauce, but none was necessary.  The steak is clearly the standout at this restaurant, and it is in the top two steaks I've ever eaten.  . . The other standout of this restaurant is a bit more unfortunate --  and it has nothing to do with the food, it has to do with the ambience.  The music selection is discordant and unsettling. During our meal we were subjected to an entire nirvana unplugged new york album, followed by another entire album from "The Black Keys" .  I like a few songs from both of these albums, but don't really want to listen to all of the "B" tracks, and probably none of it during an elegant dinner. . . With appropriate music this place would earn a 5 star rating.  The wait staff said the selection was on purpose as a theme from executive chef Mario Batali.  . . Mario, if you read your reviews: please let someone else pick the music!
Even though it's been a year or two since I was here - I felt this review was important to write.  When you are looking for a special place to take someone and you're using a lot of your well-earned money to do it - I think it's important to have reviews to fall back on.  . . My boyfriend and I went here after we watched Jersey Boys.  There isn't much to say about this place except. GO THERE.  IT'S INCREDIBLE.  Not only were we treated like royalty - the steaks were melt-in-your-mouth good.  The selection of wines was great and the ambiance (low lights, quiet) was incredible.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  If you can afford it.  Go.  Just be ready to spend $200+
One word: Riserva.. . My hubby decided to take me here for my birthday. Very pricey place for meat, but worth it just to try once in your life.. . The steaks here are dry aged, some at 3 months and the rare ones at 6 months (the RISERVA.). I love cheese, and I heard the Riserva is for those that love that "funky", "aged" taste. More specifically, blue cheese. Yummmm!. . The riserva I had was the Rib-Eye. It was $108 for a 1-inch steak, and the price goes up by how thick you want your slab. Therefore, 1/2 inch more was $50 (i.e. 1 1/2 inch steak was $158). I say it's worth it, if you want to try that real AGED flavor.. . My hubby had the regular ribeye, and his was about $98. I would have got the Riserva for that.. . ***Btw, keep in mind that the Riserva is not always in stock daily. You do have to call in advance to make sure they have it. There are 3 types of Riserva: Ribeye, Porterhouse, and New York. The Porterhouse I hear tends to be more dry, and most people usually go for the RIbeye and New York.. . The service for the restaurant was great. I loved how they carved your steak for you after they present it. . . Another tip: Most waiters here will tell you that they tend to undercook their meats. So if you like medium rare, they said you should order the Medium. This can be true for their regular dry aged steaks, but for the Riserva....no way! I like my steaks medium rare, and when I got my Riserva it was more like Medium well in some parts. That was the only thing that disappointed me about the experience of this rare steak. Since it's aged longer, it would be more "cooked" or "drier". Therefore, you must order what you normally like for the Riserva and not more cooked!. . You must try this place. You must also try their in house gelati. Delish.
If you want to eat like a knight or gladiator, then go here and get the steak on the bone. Drink the excellent wines and gorge yourself on the lard spread. All that is missing is guys beating each other up over women at the bar. Caveman heaven.
Made reservations for 5:30 when they open. Got there a few minutes early and noticed they already were letting people in, yay! Got seated and asked the hostess to take our pic.. . Waiter came by for drink orders and to explain the menu. We wanted the aged rib eye for two but one problem, I like it med rare and my gf likes it.....well......ruined! I mean well done. The thing is both people have to order it the same. Price was $72 for each person. Ordering it separately $95!! What?! No steak is worth that much!!. .  I settled for the NY Strip, so did my gf. We also ordered Beef Cheek Ravioli as an appetizer as suggested by our waiter. Very GOOD choice, strong beef flavor and the meat just melts in your mouth! We also ordered 1 Jumbo Mediterranean Shrimp, VERY GOOD! Geez it looked and tasted like lobster it was sooo huge! I swear it must have been one pound, okay maybe not. Maybe 1/2 a pound. The only other side was some sort of Garlic Mash Potatoes which had a poached egg in it, and the waiter mixed it in before he left. I must say those were the BEST mashed potatoes I've had. I thought it was gross to have that basically raw egg in their but damn it was good! . . Oh yeah at the beginning we were brought bread. Rosemary something, with butter and lard. I preferred the butter.. . The reason for 4 stars and not 5 is for the price of a rib eye for 1 person. To me it should be offered for one at a more reasonable price. The NY strip just didn't cut it for me. It was alright, not as flavorful to me and a bit overpriced. My gf on the other hand loved it, but then again she likes her steaks WELL DONE! Ugh!. . Almost forgot about dessert. My gf took the suggestion of our waiter with the blueberries and rasberries with honey dessert. Sorry forgot the name. It was kinda like a cheesecake. Very good. I had the cannollis, also very good.. . The service was top notched, the staff here deserves a 5 star rating!
I really enjoyed my dinner here, but I wont act like it was perfect, nor will I act like every small thing was the end of the world and the place only deserves 1 or 2 stars.. . My gf and I had the aged rib-eye for two. The steak, taste-wise was one of the better steaks Ive ever had. And yes, I love steakhouses and have been to many, so I have experience to compare. We asked for medium-rare plus, it came out medium-rare minus. I thought it was a good touch that they carved it for you tableside, however, I did notice they left a lot of meat on the bone, and I would have liked those tasty morsels. I have a feeling they do that to make stock.. . My gf really enjoys the cheese puff thing they brought out "compliments of the chef." By far, my favorite dish was the gnocci and bolognese. Outstanding.. . My biggest disappointment was the server. While very pleasant, and for the most part attentive, he led us slightly astray. We like to take our time with fine dining and space out our courses. He strongly recommended (to the point it would have been awkward to decline) that it was the chefs desire to put in our whole order and he would inform them we wanted to go slower. Well, wouldnt you know it, as soon as one platewas cleared, the next course arrived. Im sure they are pushed to do that so they can get the tables rotated as quickly as possible for more turn around, however, our reservation was at 9 pm and the restaurant was starting to empty by the time we were done. There was no reason to rush us through when there was no one for our table afterwards. It was really annoying.. . I would go back again just for the bolognese, but I would like to try just a regular NY cut instead of the fancy rib-eye for two that wasnt worth the extra money to me. The problem I have is that there are so many great restaurants in Vegas that the small things that went wrong make it hard for me to justify going back when there are other places to try. My gf loved the place, so if she insists we go back I wouldnt be upset, but she is like me and likes trying new places.. . If youre a foodie, it is definitely worth a trip to try it. As I said, I wouldnt argue against going back, and if I try all the places I want to try, I would do it on my own as I liked it better than most of the other high-end steakhouses Ive been to. I just wont let the server dictate my pace next time, no matter how strongly he disagrees.
Service was awesome.  Ambiance was good.  Music choice was good.  Music volume was a little loud.. . For an app, I had the infamous egg ravioli.   Disappointing to say the least,   The plate was filled with brown butter, so when the ravioli was cut  into...the yolk from the egg went all over the plate and was tough to get the complete taste.    And to top it off...this 1 ravioli was like $20.. . Next I had the sweetbreads.  These were the most amazing thing ever.   Highly recommend theses.
Food: Amazing... had the bone in Rib eye... ridiculously good!. Price: expensive, but it IS Vegas.  That's why I give it 4 stars.. Ambiance: nice, but not overly done.. Service: waiters and staff were superb! . . Overall: I highly recommend it if you're looking for an amazing steak and don't mind paying a premium.
Carnevino is a place that's trying to be over the top, a spectacle in Vegas. It largely delivers - we enjoyed our special occasion dinner - but sometimes it misses... expensively.. . The space is large, with tall ceilings, dimly lit.  You are greeted by a pretty bar area flanked by a huge bull statue.  Holy Batali, those are some enormi sferi!. . Drinks are Vegas-pricey, but extraordinarily professionally prepared by the likes of Josh.  "Proper" is a word to describe the bar and its drinks.. . We were seated this evening in a semi private mini-room, just big enough for our table of eight to be secluded but happy.  We could see the large space, the main dining room, and could hear the interesting mix of music piped into that room.  Like some others have mentioned I thought the music alternately memorable and sometimes out-of-place. Occasionally the music was too loud and too forward, and other times a perfect hip accompaniment to a fine dinner.  Overall, the physical presence and visual/aural experience of Carnevino is impressive:  trendy, cool and comfortable.. . The wine list is extensive and expensive.  While there are some sub-$100 bottles you should expect to pay well north of that if you are any kind of a wine fancier.  Italian wines are featured, of course, and we swished a solid Amarone this evening.  You'll enjoy sipping from the oversized crystal wine glasses from Czechoslovakia.  They are truly a treat even for your "cheap" $100 Super Tuscan.. . Appetizers included a small-ish portion of average bucatini in red sauce.  Octopus was nicely grilled, and the Madagascar jumbo shrimp was the largest I have ever seen and quite tasty.  You get exactly one per order, and you can feed several off this monstrous crustacean.. . The steak is a spectacle but, for the price, falls short somewhat.  Bone in ribeye is Fred Flintstone-big with a rib as big as a brontosaurus.  Yelpers warned us that this is priced per person, so we were not surprised by the $75ish per person charge.  What did surprise us is that after the initial presentation of the bull meat the staff then carves the meat from the bone into a half dozen or so pieces of meat for the diner.  Interesting.  Not good or bad.  Just interesting.  . . Maybe its me...  I don't want to offend the chef, but I tend to agree with other Yelpers who have commented on doneness of the steak.  Fellow diners tonite also agreed that the meat itself is on the underdone side of what you've ordered, and Mario's boys don't do a "plus", like "medium rare-plus", similar to other steak joints.  In my opinion if you like your steak medium rare you might consider ordering it medium at Batali's joint.  Since they cut the meat into smaller pieces table side it makes it awkward to increase doneness.  I hope that makes sense.. . Seasoning of the steak here is minimal.  One really nice touch that I would love to see more often at restaurants is coarse sea salt.  At Carnevino it is available upon request, and it alone elevated our steaks from good to very good.. . Side dishes were also-rans.  Corn with lime and chilies, ok.  Eggplant with tomato and ricotta, good.  Nothing stood out.. . I enjoyed some delightful espresso flavored ice cream for dessert.  The pane cotta was standard and delish.. . Our server, Gary from Long Island, was a gracious and efficient host.  His support team did an outstanding job of keeping our water glasses full and our needs met.. . In retrospect, I frankly expected more bang for the buck at Carnevino.  As a huge Mario fan and Food Network junkie the bar was set high.  Still, at the same time, Carnevino largely delivers on the promise of a Vegas-sized gastronomical experience.  The room itself is a home run and over the top, as is the service, but the food is an under achiever in value at these astronomically high Vegas prices.  Godetevi, amici!!!
What an outstanding meal! We had a group of 9 and had ribeye and porterhouse steaks ... along with ravioli, salad, shrimp, pork chop. Everything was a 10 out of 10. All were very satistied and all enjoyed the quality. Wait service was outstanding. However, I am extremely disappointed with a restaurant of this stature having left a group of 9 waiting 35 minutes past the reservation time ... basically not honoring a reservation. Having brought this to the attention of the hostess several times, we kept hearing "just a few more minutes". We even brought it to the attention of the manager, who just reiterated this and said that he didn't want to have to throw the prior party out. Poor excuse. No comp was offered, even after it was requested.
I'm giving Carnevino four stars but I really really loved the food and service.  I picked this restaurant over all other steakhouses in Vegas because I wanted to try the Riserva steak, aged 6+ months in Carnevino's own facility in Vegas.  And the Riserva did not disappoint.  It was really interesting to say the least and distinct from your regular dry aged steak.  The meat was so intensely beefy!  It tasted so strong that I would probably not get it as a steak for myself in the future but would share it with others because it's such an experience to try it. . . I also tried the lobster appetizer, the BBL ribeye, the signature mashed potatoes, and beans and everything was excellent.  The olive oil they drizzle on the steak is so fragrant and rich and really compliments the meat which is top quality and so well prepared.  Because the meat is carved table side by the waiter, it gets cold pretty soon after you start eating it but don't worry, it'll still taste fantastic.   . . One thing I was not happy about was our seating.  We were seated in the little library section across the way from the main dining room.  The room was small with 10 tables or so, with a view of the prep area and left me with a feeling I was eating on the side of the casino.  Even though we had a reservation, got there with plenty of extra time, and saw empty tables visible in the main dining room, we were told that nothing was available in the main dining room.  I expect better atmosphere than eating on the side of the casino for a great restaurant.  This is why I am taking away 1 star.   The staff were very attentive and did everything to make it a memorable experience however.  Our waiter and sommelier were both very friendly and knowledgeable.  . . Tip: Corkage is $50 but is waived if you order a bottle.
Went for dinner on 11/9 at 6pm.  I thought it was strange that the restaurant was split into 2 sides.  One side had a bar and looked bigger.  We were seated in the other half.  . Ambience:  Very low key, and kinda boring.. Service:  Was good but nothing out of the ordianary.  Waiter came right away and made some good recommendations.  Water was promptly refilled. Our table (as well as the one next to ours) was unbalanced.  So one of the servers had to get down on his knees and make some adjustments.  Kind of awkward.. Drinks:  Had a decent wine list (nothing like Cut) and approx 10-15 different scotch's to choose from.. Food:  We had been comped a prix fixed dinner menu and decided to stick with it.  First off, the bread and Lard butter(?) was amazing.  We then started off with a steak tartare and chop salad. The salad was ok, but the tartare was really good.  For the main course, I had the best lamb chops ever.  It came with a pesto sauce, but the meat alone was really flavorful.  My friend had the filet and it was just ordinary.  Dessert was really really good.  We had the carrot cake and a lemon italian doughnut.  Both were really excellant.  . . All in all, a nice dining experience
I ate here the evening of October 8th.  After an extremely disappointing start, it was a very good dinner.  I dined with a party of five business associates.  We were shown to our seats and assured that the waiter would be over shortly, but we waited about 30 minutes for him to come over and take our drink orders.  We saw him taking other tables food orders, but I would think priority would be to put drinks in front of the guests.  Who knows.  Regardless once he finally came over with the wine, the experience was excellent.  We put our fate in his hands and let him pick the appetizers, main coarse and sides and don't think any of us could have done a better job on our own.. . He brought us out the bone-in strip and porterhouse, then cut it up for individual portions for the table.  The taste was amazing as was his selections for our sides.  The dinner was extremely expensive and we probably would not ordered the way we did if I wasn't on an expense account.
I've never even heard of this place until I got here. And coming here was a great choice; thanks to my cousin who came here before. But it does get a bit busy here and without a reservation, we just hung out at the bar for a couple of hours enjoying some of their fine scotches. And they do have a lot to offer.. . But drinking an excessive amount of scotch even before dinner started was a big mistake on my part, as I could not fully enjoy my steak for the evening. But for the limited times I did remember my dinner, I would say that the steak was nice and juicy. And they do live up to their prime grade and the fact that they actually cut the pieces in front of you definitely helped out a lot since cutting the pieces by myself would prove to be very difficult given that I was still inebriated from my drinks earlier.. . The porter house for two is great for two people. But honestly, I think I can devour it myself. At $160, I was actually glad there was my cousin to help out.. . But it didn't end there. We added some sides, dessert, and obviously some more drinks and we were stuffed. . . Note to self: On my next visit here, tone down on the drinks so I can enjoy the ambiance and the food a lot better next time.
Carnevino is a place I've eaten at three times now. The food is of great quality, but little things are sometimes wrong. For example, the prosciutto appetizer is just an insane amount of prosciutto. Some would call that a benefit. And if I was sharing it with another person (or two more people) this would have been great.. . The gelato is really disappointing. It might as well be Breyer's ice cream. I base this on a great deal of experience with gelato from many parts of Italy as well as my favorite restaurant, which Carnevino should call on - Mozza in LA. Those guys have gelato nailed.. . Carnevino serves a great prosecco (although they charge way too much for it based on the extensive prosecco experience I have), but the bartenders were always top-notch and super-friendly. . . This place is definitely worth a try, but I would suggest dining at B&B in the same hotel to compare (although I didn't have the gelato there).
Went to this place for an early dinner before seeing a show. We had a group of five. It was a great experience. The ambiance was great, we ordered two appetizers to share...the carpaccio and then the salumi plate. Both were great. The sommelier did a great job suggesting a wine for us, we gave them a price and she hit the nail on the head. We chose to do our dinner family style and we shared a meat for two, a meat for one, two pasta dishes, and a side. Perfect amount of food, no one was too full after the meal, but everyone had had just enough. The food was delicious. The pasta dishes were definitely homemade and the steaks were wonderful, cooked well and melted in your mouth. Yes, this was an expensive dinner, but we all felt it was well worth it. Our service was great (though should have been because there were few besides us there for 5:00 dinner). No complaints. Definitely will be back.
My husband and I ate here for dinner.  We ordered the NY strip, fillet , garlic mashed potatoes and salad.  The steaks were perfect, the potatoes were very unique because they had an egg in them, delicious and the salad was perfect.  The complimentary appetizers were cheese balls and a delicious piece of bread for each f us.  Delicious.  Just enough so that there was still room for dinner.. Resteraunt is dark with rich earth tone colors, very dramatic.  service was great, our servers were very knowledgable and polite.  I would come back again.. Usually after eating a meal like this I feel tied and heavy.  after eating I felt full, but not uncomfortable.  This may be due to the emphasis placed on using natural ingredients.. . The cons were that we had to pay an additional fee for sauce to go with the steak.
** I somehow just discovered that I had an 'unfinished review' that I started at least a year ago. Wow. I'll portion off the section I wrote originally, and continue below it. **. . -----------ORIGINAL------------. I've eaten here twice, about 18 months apart. Both times, I noted that the ribeye was one of the best steaks I've ever enjoyed.. . A couple days ago, I took my dad and my roommate here for dinner. They seated us despite sandals, caps, and general raggedness, as we'd spent the whole day moving to a new condo. Service was impeccable and friendly. Most notably, the timing of the servers' trips to the table was flawless. My dad and I shared a ribeye for two with black pepper horseradish sauce, while my roommate had an 8oz filet mignon with the same sauce. We all shared sides of Romana beans and Tuscan fries. Everything was amazing.. . My roommate and I got beers, of which they have a nice selection of imports, but my dad stuck with water, having to drive back to LA right after dinner.. . All dishes were excellent. They did, however, play an entire Rolling Stones album during the meal. That was fairly annoying.. -------------------------------------. . Ah yes. I have now eaten here three times, another shortly after the recount above. I took both of my parents and my roommate back only a couple months later, and had another fantastic meal. Even fewer little details to complain about this time.. . My mom is allergic to cow's milk, so sometimes it's a challenge for a restaurant to avoid all dishes with butter or milk used in any stage of the prep - especially butter. But this place handled it marvelously, customizing everything for her with no issues. And the server immediately understood what her request was, which is a rare mark of quality in our experience.. . Yet again, this meal was tremendous. We did order red wine this time around, which, in my opinion, is just-about imperative at a nice steakhouse. Unfortunately, they didn't have my favorite Spanish red in stock, but the sommelier reccomended a very nice and affordable bottle that we all enjoyed.. . I'm rambling. This steakhouse kicks serious butt. Every side is classic, rustic, and delicious. Never too salty, sweet, cheesy, or anything strong enough to take away from the relatively subtle flavors of aged steaks. The wine and beer selections are top-notch. Service is immaculate. And the steaks...you'd contemplate killing your best friend to get one of their steaks on your plate.. . But man...the music. It's consistently annoying. It's probably just me and there are probably a lot of people who either don't notice or enjoy it, so I'm not making much of a point about it. But I am docking a star.. . Highly recommended!
Had the delicious Ribeye for 2 here and it was cooked perfectly.  Would definitely go back for a great meal.  Service was very friendly and professional.
It's a really good steakhouse and the food is good. But for the price you pay there are better ones to choose from. The wait staff is friendly the ambiance is good. I would recommend try this restaurant once.
Wonderful experience for 2 or more that enjoy world-class protein.  This is definitely a spot for carnivores and if that's not your thing, I'd find other options.  Great selection of pasta/side dishes to be shared amongst the table.  But the star of the show is the carne for 2 cut table-side.  Wonderful dining experience with a ridiculous wine list.
had dinner. started with the oysters, cesar salad. simple and clean. ribeye for 2 and spaghetti nero with crab was simple and very clean to the palette. . the ribeye was huge and 4 of us could not finish it. cooked beautifully. and the lamp chops wer the most fantastic lamb we have ever had. the meat was sweet and just cooke beautifully. the sides we ordered was mushrooms, broccoli, also very clean and enjoyable. could not finish the whole meal. the portions are huge. fantastic dinner
Came back to celebrate a bachelor party and decided to go all out.  Our group of 12 all ordered the bone-in ribeye for two, cooked medium rare, extra char crust, and cut tableside.  I got to say the steak is just as good as I imagined it the first time I came here.  The steak is huge, probably enough to serve 3.  They cook the steak perfect and drizzle it with a little extra olive oil before they serve you.  One word, AMAZING!
As an independent steakhouse fan, I was a little skeptical coming here because it's just another top chef restaurant and can sometimes be over rated, but it was the choice of our friends, we were all going to a show together after and they said they have a prix fixe menu for show ticket holders.. . GREAT!. . So, although the waiter(s) all pushed to up-sell the other steaks, the filet was on the prix fixe menu and we were all very impressed with it.  Very tasty, love the outer crust.  So good!. . We all also got a bottle of wine (per couple) and we all enjoyed our vegetable choice and salads and the gelato - oh wow the gelato!. . In the end, the meal and the company made this a great experience!  But when the bills came, they were all wrong.  The vegetable pricing was all wrong and the items got mixed up on each persons bills.  They should have all been the same except the wine pricing and they had to take the bills back twice for one couple, 3 times for the other 2.. . This was the only drawback - they try to up-sell you - let the customer decide what they want!
This place was amazing! I highly recommend making a reservation before going so you don't have a long wait. We had one and still waited 15 minutes. The staff was really nice and welcoming. I highly recommend the DRY AGED BONE-IN RIBEYE.
Wow these guys know and love their meats!!!  and their drinks too.  My 2nd time at this chain (previous one was their Hong Kong outpost).  This time I was dinning by myself so I couldn't partake of their uber large portions all by myself.  This time I got their mint rubbed lamb chops and boy was it great!  The double chop looks incredibly intimidating in its size but they grill it with the fat cap on so after cutting most of those away it looks and is more manageable.  Loved the flavor, the char, the tenderness and the flavor (which actually lacked the expected lamb-ness and tasted more like veal).  . . The lamb was perfect pairing for my Barolo at first until I took a bite of the English pea dish which was good but had too much lemon zest on it.  I wish the bartender who took my order would have caught that bad pairing and warned me.  Wasted a good glass of Barolo.  . . I only wish they could do half orders on some of the dishes.  You definitely don't have to eat for a day or so after coming here.
Starters were lame,  but the steaks were bomb, the drinks were strong and the service was freakin great.  If you can afford it the porterhouse is the way to go all day
Had a great business dinner for 20 at CarneVino this past week.  Great food, great service.  This place has been refined by Mario and Joe.  A++
The food was really good. We had the fried calamari--probably the best I've ever eaten. My husband and I split the bone-in ribeye for 2. The medium rare was really rare so make sure and clarify this with the waiter. My husband thought the steak was too salty; I thought it was fine. The sides we had were the mashed potatoes and eggplant. Both were superb. We split a tiramisu for dessert. It was delicious. I had a lemony flavor to it. The only drawback was the loud music. If you want a more quiet dining experience, ask to be seated in the wine room. We will do that next time. We went to MiX at Mandalay Bay last night and I would give it 5 stars compared to the 4 for Carnevino..
Hard to beat late-night eats like this.  Mario Batali, steakhouse, cocktails, thank you and good night.. . Located within the bowels of Palazzo, we were happy to find that this is open until midnight, allowing us to get a (hopefully!) great bite to eat before continuing the night.. . Their late night menu has a stripped down list of items to choose from - some quick hits like burgers, steak and eggs, and a selection of apps, salads and entrees.. . We started with the fried calamari, lightly crispy and very tender.. . I had the steak and eggs - a nice cut of steak (medium-rare), eggs and a whole bunch of fingerling potatoes.  I was full and happy for it.. . My buddy had the burger with fries.  I've never seen him so happy to eat a burger.. . They have a wide variety of Italian beers (most of which I'd never seen before, even in fancy craft brew bars) and cocktails, like the Honeyed Ginger Ale (Wild Turkey "American Honey" bourbon liqueur, ginger beer, fresh ginger) - so gingery it hurt.  But in a good way.. . . Would go back here in a second for any beef-related cravings.
Wow wow wow. so much MEAT!!!. . I had the OCTOPUS and split the PORTERHOUSE. It was seriously too much meat I think I ate myself sick. I'm not complaining about the portion size at all! I'm just saying, I think I ate more than I could handle! My GF and her BF got the RIB EYE. It's massive, comes out with the bone and everything. They cut everything right in front of you. . . Next time, I want to try the LAMP CHOPS.. . Service was excellent. I loved our servers. . . This is a great place for people who enjoy a good piece of MEAT. Stay away vegetarians. Nothing for you here.
I ate here last October for my birthday.  Made it a point months in advance to emphasize that I wanted the very long term aged prime steak...there were no guarantees, but I was told to keep calling and check.  Long story short, the waiter said yes, then he said no, then I asked for the manager, we spoke in private, and the manager made it right.  The steak was outstanding, as were the other dishes our party ordered.  The sommelier was very nice and I ordered some wine and brought some in...they were very good with me about all this. There were two other guests celebrating birthdays and there was confusion when it came dessert time with Happy Birthday (that can happen).  I would repeat based on the quality of the food, and the fact that the manager was a reasonable man.
My hunny and I wanted steak really bad, and he's been wanting to try dry-aged steak for a while, so here we are; at one of the top chefs, Mario Batali's restaurants. They were cleaning a few tables off so we sat at the bar and ordered drinks(blood orange cosmos) which were SO FREAKING GOOD!! They called us for our table and told us we had to close our tab at the bar first. We did that and they sat us in the overflow room right across from the main building. If your being frugal this is NOT the place, I repeat NOT the place. Very expensive, but they have deals for people sharing a steak. Best thing to do if you wanna save a bit of money here, is to go with someone and agree to which type of steak you both will be sharing. Don't worry it's a large steak so it will be enough. They have the steak deal but everything is ala carte. We both picked a side (asparagus and mash potato) and the sides are each enough for two people, so that got us a full meal. But back to the steak, OMGEEEE! DELICIOUS. It was so juicy and tender on the inside,slight crisp on the outside and so well flavored, and there's nothing like a medium cooked steak, mmm. The potato was probably some of the best I ever had.  Mascarpone guanciale(Italian cheese and bacon) mashed potatoes, it  came out with a poached egg on top and when the waiter brought it to the table, he popped the egg yolk and whipped it in. Man that was good. We shall return some day..
Hmmmm, more like 3.5, but I'm rounding up to 4 stars because the service was absolutely fantastic. When my sister and I came in here, we weren't sure what to expect. We were following our "When in Vegas, go all in" mantra so we decided to splurge on some Batali fare. I had the New York strip on the bone and my sister had duck. Both items were absolutely delicious. Nevertheless, we couldn't help but feel as if we might have overpaid for our meals. To royalty, corporate and inheritance snobs, this meal might just cost chump change. Not necessarily the case for us East LA cats. However, the service that we got from the staff was top notch and then some, so it made our visit quite comfortable. Will we be back? Probably not, unless we win the lottery. But it was a hell of a meal and experience.
ORDER THE STEAK!! It's amazing. Everything else we ordered on menu was good to very good.. But steak was outstanding. Service was four star.. Truffle pasta: 4 star. Fried calamari: 3 star. Ensalada romana: 4 star. Buratta: 4 star. Oysters (surprisingly amazing: 5 star. Filet mignon: + 5 stars
This is the second time I have been here. Was a 5-star the first time. This time, the food was still impeccable, the service was friendly, but a few issues:. . 1) We were celebrating a birthday, and one friend could not make it. He did surprise us by getting us a bottle of wine with an accompanying note. I really appreciated that the restaurant accommodated this; however, the person who brought the wine and read the note did so while one of our party was in the restroom, and it just happened to be the birthday boy. No excuse for not waiting until our entire party was there to bring thatover.. . 2) The pacing was not consistent. After we were seated and with drinks, we ordered appetizers. They brought out the bread (use the lardo); shortly after that, the appetizers. Then the pasta course. Maybe 10-15 minutes between each. Then about a half hour wait for our entrees (brought by runners) and then a half hour at least until we got the check. After they brought the pasta course, our server was no where to be seen for about an hour, and no one asked it we wanted another round of drinks, bottle of wine, etc. before or during our entrees.. . Don't get me wrong, this is a phenomenal restaurant and the food is fantastic, but at a place like this with the prices we paid I expect near perfection, and this time there were a few glitches that prevented me from rating this 5 stars. I'm sure I'll visit again, and would definitely adjust this to 5 stars if these kinks were worked out.
Memorable dining experience! The service was five star impeccable. Warm and knowledgeable, and made the experience so special for hubby's 50th birthday... We took the waiters suggestion and ate family style. Incredible antipasti... A selection of unctuous cheeses with a beautifully floral honey, figs, and fruit, warm bread, beef carpaccio with balsamic drizzled arugula, artisanal salumi, and to die for octopus, the most flavorful and tender I've ever enjoyed. (The server said its due to brining with the addition of corks to the mix!). The 100 day aged beef lives up to every single day... Like a completely different animal, so flavorful and delectably tender, carved table side in incredibly generous proportion.. The dessert course was heavenly in conclusion polenta cakes, crepes, and chocolate raspberry cake.. Excellent wine list, we had a beautiful red with the beef, and toasted with an excellent service of Roederer champagne... Glass half empty:. One less than five stars for the ambiance.. Bone crunching hard rock/metal from Mario Batali's choice of playlist destroys conversation and mood. Fine in the kitchen, grossly disruptive in the dining room. There was also a distinctive lack of intimacy in the dining room, soaring ceilings a la Italian castle and then seated in a near empty dining room away against the wall near the bathroom made us feel like we were in the dungeon.. I called ahead with 2 requests, since this was a special occasion, neither we're fulfilled.. I asked for 2 bottles of champagne to be iced and ready at the table for a toast, and my husbands name was to be added to the Happy Birthday prescripted on the plate... Didn't happen...
Carnevino is a fantastic place for Italian-inspired steaks and other proteins. The superb aged steaks are expertly prepared. There is the option of a variety of sauces to top the steaks. The lamb was also delicious. For those who are less meat-centric, there are interesting antipasti and pasta. I love the clams with pancetta and fresno chili brodetto (broth). They have menus to accommodate those with allergies or food sensitivities, including gluten free. They are a "Green Certified" restaurant which includes no bottled water. Service was impeccable. I did not like the loud rock music that seemed to be unusually loud for a restaurant of that caliber.
Mick Jagger once said "anything worth doing is worth overdoing". So while in Vegas, I decided to send my taste buds on a ride and Carnevino was the vessel by which to do that with. . . We were seated in a back area surrounded by walls filled with numerous wine bottles. The waiter went over their specials and suggested some good wine to start us off with. With our wine, he brings us these amazing cheese zeppole's to start our dining adventure.. . For the antipasti, we went with the Arugula salad. The arugula was peppery and contained Coach Farm triple cream, trumpet royale mushrooms, and pickled onions. The dressing was just tart enough to awaken the taste buds and I knew the rest of the meal was going to be fantastic after how this tasted.. . For my main course, I opted for the 16oz. bone-in NY Strip. Cooked mediumrare, this chunk of heavenly delight was dry-aged to perfection and had a nice rub consisting of sea salt, black pepper and fresh rosemary. The slightly charred crust of the steak and the juiciness of the steak gives Carnevino a place in my all-time favorite restaurants. I added a gorgonzola marscapone sauce to accompany the meat but I did not think the meat needed it. I had maybe a couple of bites with it but the meat was so delicious I felt I was doing it a disservice.. . While the steak was an experience in and of itself, Carnevino's sides were also delicious. We had the Italian broccoli with house smoked pork. The broccoli was a little more tart than regular broccoli but the waiter warned us about that. We added the marscapone & guanciale mashed potatoes and also indulged in a side of fregula, pecorino romano & corn. Taste bud overload was not done because a side of fried eggplant with tomato & ricotta finished things off. All were delicious, but the fregula and eggplant stood out from the crowd.. . For dessert, we had the Tiramisu. Containing cocoa nibs and homemade marscapone, it was the perfect finale to an amazing meal. I am not naive enough to say Carnevino is the best in town. No. Instead, I will say that if you are looking for an amazing steak, great ambience, friendly service and an experience one can only get in Vegas, then this is one of the better places.
Located in the Palazzo Hotel and Casino, owners Batali and Bastianich's Carnevino stays true to its billing as an Italian steakhouse. The menu is varied and has some unique options, including a grilled octopus starter and a 20oz bone-in veal chop, both of which were superb. The service on the other hand was weaksauce. After ordering dinner and a (very expensive) bottle of wine, we didn't see our server again until dessert. Overall, decent food, but if you're looking for attentive service you may want to look elsewhere.
Amazing restaurant, great time, incredible STEAKS! They do steaks and wine really well.. What we ordered for a group of 5:. Apps:. Beef carpaccio- fantastic! ORDER THIS!. Brushetta- no tomato, it's different spreads but delish!!. Calamari- I would skip this...had better. Pasta: . black fettuccini- great. Orricchette w/ sausage- so good, favorite pasta.. Sides:. Mushrooms w/ onions- great. Fries- good flavor. Mashed potatoes w/ mascarpone and poached egg- so different and amazing! TRY THESE!. MEAT:. BONE INE RIBEYE FOR 2- BEST! Ordered it medium and came a little less than medium. The meat was fantastic all the way thru. Best part was the bone and you can eat it like a rib!. Filet mignon- delish. Lamb chops- incredible!. . They bring you rolls with 2 spreads. One is butter, the other is whipped pork fat with rosemary, thyme, garlic, salt and pepper. TRY IT! It's so good we wanted to lick the ramekin.. . I started off a little bugged because we had to wait almost 30 min after our reservation time to be seated. So we went to the bar and something about the bartender rubbed me the wrong way. He got us our drinks and kind ofnignored us for some customers that seemed like regulars. That's kind of rude.. The servers who helped us at our table were AWESOME! Helen, Danielle, Goose, and Daddi were great! Thank you!. OVERALL COMMENTS: very nice restaurant for a hefty price, but worth it for a special occasionl
Great service and food. The Spaghetti Di Marre was excellent, as were the mashed potatoes with poached egg, calamari and scallops. Bring your checkbook!
I went here for a great dinner with two of my favorite colleagues. First thing, don't go or don't complain if you aren't there eating for an experience. This place definitely takes it's time and you should takes yours while you eat.. . We had several antipasto dishes along with gnocchi and beet ravioli to start. All of the starters were killer. I can't say I was overly impressed by their charcuterie but the other dishes made up for it. For the meat finale we shared a dry aged bone in rib-eye and their 9 month (yes, average human gestation period) NY Strip. Holy hell. Cooked to perfection and their aging method is sound. Really killer steaks.. . We topped it all off with champagne and cognac. No complaints with service. All in all it was a great night with great food.. . The only thing I would give a -1 star for is the price. Comparable meals are available at a fraction of the cost but you get "The Strip" markup I feel at this place. Fortunately for me I didn't pay but still, for the sake of being fair....
I saw this place featured on Rachel Ray's vacation and could not wait to try it!  Carne Vino translates simply into meat and wine. . . FOOD. Order the 'La Fiorentina' (~$70/person). They carve the meat right beside your table and even have their own personalized steak knives with their name Carne Vino on it. Impressive. . . We also added a 'Black Truffle Vinaigrette" ($5) sauce to go with the meat. It was good, but didn't add that much more flavor to the meat. SKIP.. . Each slice of juicy meat literally melts in your mouth and I really wanted another order. But seeing that my mom and I had already spent $140 on just the meat..we decided to just move onto dessert.... . We chose the 'Peach and Blackberry Tart' ($12), which had a hazelnut crust. The presentation was wonderful, but the peach and blackberry didn't seem to go together that well. A little more tart that I expected. SKIP.. . TIP. It is located inside Palazzo in Las Vegas. Make a reservation.. . Would come back, but only for steak and nothing else.
Group of 5 friends excited for dinner after hearing great reviews for this restaurant. Our waited was really strange first of all...we ordered wine and then we find out that they don't have it, then we ordered the tuna as an appetizer and, again, they don't have it. So at this point we're a little annoyed. A friend orders the salmon and asks how does the chef prefer to cook it? The waiter gave an attitude and says "well no one ever asks that question". So we were kinda shocked the way he said it. I mean, a good restaurant should be able to offer fish rare-well done. Anyways, the filet mignon was just ok, the short ribs were good but more on the fatty side, the lamb chops were also on the fatty side and the salmon was pretty good. Service was good just our waiter wasn't very good. Yes the restaurant is loud but we actually enjoyed the music. Overall, I expected better but then again we often eat at 5* restaurants and this wasn't up to par.
