Oh goodness I have spent a LOT of time in this airport. Living in New Orleans means flying through other cities with bigger airports quite often, and Charlotte-Douglas International is one of the nicer ones that I get to frequent. . This airport is pretty large, but has moving sidewalks that help you get a little boost while going from terminal to terminal. The entire place is clean and sparkly, like new. There are many shops including food options, toy stores, etc. I think there is any type of store that you could want. . So, if you're stuck in North Carolina with a long layover you can have a great meal, do some shopping, and then cuddle up in one of the rocking chairs and just enjoy yourself before you get on your plane.
This is actually one of my favorite airports...especially if you have a lot of time to kill between flights. There are great food options all over the airport, plus a really beautiful atrium with dozens of rocking chairs where you can take a load off and people watch for a while. The business center is great in a pinch, too!
CLT you are always clean and pretty and fabulous! The bags are usually up in a reasonable amount of time, no issues ever. Joy was the day CLT turned non-smoking! . . I love the Shuttle Personnel who never want you to wait for a shuttle. Both long term and short term parking shuttles wait at the same spot. If the CLT Parking Attendant sees you waiting, they will always come over and make sure the short bus you need is on the way! Thanks guys!! You are super duper!!
My first extended brush with CLT airport came several years ago when a late takeoff from Roanoke caused me to miss my connection and left me stranded in the Charlotte terminal waiting area for the night. I ended up staying up all night with 3 fellow passenger gals and doing sunrise tai chi, but I assume this is not a typical experience.. . Since then I have had several more representative encounters with CLT and I must say that the word that characterizes it best is "convenient". If you are the passenger yourself, they have clearly marked shuttles that go directly to all the parking decks. There are alway plenty of security screeners on duty & personnel are quick to point out which checkpoints have short or nonexistent lines. Once you are through security they have the two things that are absolutely essential to & unfortunately missing from some major airports (I'm looking @ you, BWI!): a Starbucks & free Wi-Fi. Throw in those Cracker Barrel-esque rockers and, oh yeah, generally prompt flights on a variety of airlines and you have yourself the makings of fairly pleasant travel.. . Maybe you are picking up some other weary traveler. In that case, the loop around the terminal is short & when the pick-up area gets busy there are often employees directing traffic to keep the flow moving. . . True, you aren't going to find a plethora of red eye flights out of CLT, but if you are willing to travel during the hours that humans are supposed to be functioning during, Charlotte-Douglas offers an above par airport experience.
I love this airport.  Lots of great shopping while you wait.  The layout is easy enough.  It's clean and the people offer plenty of southern hospitality.  My favorite thing to do is people watch and from the cozy rocking chair in the busy corrider well.  . . I do want to make note that if you park in daily.  You need to ride the shuttle to and from the terminal.  The shuttle line was huge so I thought I could just walk to daily.  I wound up in hourly thinking someone stole my car.  The signs in the deck just say east or west not daily vs hourly.  Don't worry after an hour and 2 calls to the airport police the nice folks helped me load my bags on the shuttle I should have taken an hour ago.  Lesson learned on patience.
NIce little southern hospitality airport. I like the rockers they have so you can se the goings on outside. The only drawback is that southerners for the most part should watch the southern food there are way too many golf carts going up and down the halls transporting people who don't necessarily need it, they should be walking to get rid of the excess girth.
I'm totally a west coast traveler but when I fly to visit my friend in Boston I had a layover here for a couple of hours. . . Now given the fact it was 6AM in the morning a lot of the restaurants were open, which was really nice. I didn't just have to choose from Starbucks and Burger King. . . I love the layout and how spacious this airport is too. Not to most modern, but clean and easy to navigate. I'd be happy to have a layover here again.
Charlotte-Douglas is a fairly nice, yet huge, airport.  Dining options are varied, and this airport has a lot to see and do during layovers.. . Rocking Chairs are a huge plus :-D
It's big, and nice, and easy to fly through. The US Airways Club by concourse C is very spacious & comfortable.. . Sucks I have to fly clear across the country just to experience this place.
U.S. Airways has a major hub here and its very clean and modern, makes you want to cry when you come back to Los Angeles.
I have to say that I travel a fair amount for work and of course personnel and Charlotte's airport is nice, it's clean, and easy to navigate for parking and just to get to your gate. They offer a pretty good variety for food and I think are trying to step it up to make it more desirable for people stuck there. . . Parking is easy they offer Long Term Parking, Daily Parking for $6 (my personal choice) and then Valet $15 a day which does come in handy if you are running behind or if for some reason you cant find a spot in a Daily lot. I'm originally from NY and compared to the cost to park up there I would leave my car in Valet for a month and it still wouldn't be as expensive!  All I'm saying is the cost for parking are reasonable here and well worth it! . . I really only travel US Airways so were always in the same area and have our routine of food stops, magazine water stops with some Jamba Juice stops before heading onto the plane. . . I find this airport to be one of the best I've been in and they are always trying to make it better.
Kinda weird to write a review of an airport, but I'm at CLT so frequently I'll post some info that I hope people will find helpful.. . For parking, you can use the long term lots and take a shuttle in ($4 per day) or you can park in the lots/towers closer to the airport for $6 per day, and that also requires a 3 minute shuttle ride. You can also park across from theairport in the lot there for $16/day (I think) and walk across the street to the airport. On your return home, you'll find the shuttles outside of baggage claim in the middle island.  Look for the white shuttle buses and find the shuttle marked "Long Term A", "Long Term B" or "Daily" to take you back to your vehicle.. . Inside the airport, ticketing is on the top level.  If the airport is crowded, go to the ends to go through security. Checkpoint A is usually a bit less crowded, and checkpoint D/E is usually never crowded. This will save you a few minutes of standing in line.. . After security, you'll find the middle of the airport has the food court, ATM's, a few shops and the infamous rocking chairs. If you need to power up and have some time, there's outlets near the rocking chairs. For food, I'd recommend the Carolina BBQ- its not the best in the area but is a better option than the other fast food joints. Enjoy your fried pickle!. . If you need a coffee, there's Starbucks on both sides of the central area of the airport and there's one in the Gate C area.. . The US Airways lounge is between the Gate C and Gate D/E concourses and you can enter/leave on either side.. . If you need someone to pick you up, have them wait in the Cell Lot. Once you alert them its only 2 minutes or so until you'll see them outside of Baggage Claim.. . As far as airports go, Charlotte Douglas is probably one of the nicer ones you'll visit. If you have some time to kill, roam around a bit and enjoy the shops or just relax in a rocking chair and watch the world go by.
Like others have mentioned, this is a major hub for US Airway -- so nearly all the planes you'll see are US Air.. . I've connected through here many, many times and Charlotte has never been my final destination. One time I spent the night in Charlotte, courtesy of missed connections, air traffic control in Philly, ughhh... (you get the pt.). . But yes, this is a rather larger airport. All the International flights are in one terminal  - -D. Smaller regional flights are out of E. But since I'm typically coming in from or going to PHX, those domestic flights (for US Air) are in B or C. . . Let me tell you...if you land at the end of say B, and you have a connection to a regional in E -- you better book it! There are people movers... but it could be a long jaunt for some. . . I like the white rocking chairs in the middle area. Makes me feel a bit relaxed.... as I am running past them on the people mover. (I don't think I've ever tried them yet -- but they look cute!). . US Airways club -- well, there's one. A large one. However if you're traveling Internationally, it's not an Envoy lounge and therefore not as large as the lounge in Philly. But it's still a nice lounge with great views. . . Plenty of various food options. And a Body Shop store, which is convenient for me when I'm flying back to PHX. Then... I can buy items that are over 3oz. to carry on.
My connecting flight back to San Francisco was at Charlotte-Douglas International Airport which was cool because my walk to the terminal was less than 2 minutes and the airport was really clean. I still prefer Texas connecting flights since flying across from East coast to West isn't fun. I hate sitting on a plane for more than a few hours but as long I reached my destination I'm good and on time.
CLT, you are so cute with your white rocking chairs actin all Southern-like. . Not too big..not too crowded...nice and clean. Not to mention you have Bojangles and delicious gelato stands. . I like you CLT. Yes I do.
This is a BIG airport. Love the rocking chairs. Ample amenities and adequate moving walkways.
It's freakin' huge. If you have connections, you better leave at least :30 minutes between them. At least they have people movers to speed things up, and free wifi if you get to your gate with any time to spare.
I love this airport.  Small enough to get in, around, and out of the airport and large enough to get decent direct flights to most cities.  Parking is cheap but could use more better restaurant options.
Clean, nice looking and lots of different places to eat. I've had 2 short lay overs here and each time I have had to walk through the airport to get to a connecting flight so I was able to see a good portion of it. The large windows really brighten up the terminals whichmakes me think more places (Phoenix Sky Harbor mainly) should follow suit.
I vastly prefer to connect through this airport instead of Atlanta. The staff is much friendlier and the food is better.  There is the Tequileria, Jamba Juice, and a Sushi restaurant if you're stuck in a rut waiting there.
I love the way it's set up with the main food court in the middle of the walkways to the gates and the rocking chairs are charming.
I rather like this airport--I was a bit concerned that I would have to walk all the way to the main hub to find restaurants to eat at--but loh and behold, there was a fox sports restaurant right there. . . the airport is massive, so if you're pressed for time and have to get to the opposite end of the airport, you're SOL, however, the airport is clean, the staff is friendly, and the ample amounts of seating and rocking chairs near the outlets are a nice touch.
Great airport. Clean, lots of food options, easy to get around and from terminal to terminal without much hassle. I flew to and from an international destination the last time I flew through, and it was a quick and simple experience getting through customs and immigration. The only thing I didn't like was that we were spit out from customs back by the check in desks and had to go through regular security yet again to get back in the airport.. . Oh yeah, and they scanned my body :(
Easy to get in and out.  All the shops were closed when my flight arrived at 10:20 PM but so not much to say about that.
I've flown into/out of CLT many times before.  I've also used it as the stopover airport as well.. . CLT does things right for sure!. . Was very easy to get around (speedy moving walkways).. . Good offerings for food and shops too.. . Free Wi-Fi. . Never tried their parking lots, but I have rented cars here.  Very easy to do.. . Given the choice of using CLT as a stopover or PHL/PIT?  No brainer.....go CLT!
Not a bad airport. There's relatively cheap parking and security lines seem to move fairly quickly, especially during the Monday morning rush when they have all the scanners going. Could up the ante a bit with the quality of restaurant choices but there are enough Starbucks spread throughout to cure that coffee jones quickly.  Also, they have free wi-fi.  What a novel, and welcome, concept!. . But... DO NOT check your bag flying into Charlotte Douglas. Unless things have changed from the last time I did it, you're looking at 45 minutes of standing around.
Love the layout of this airport and the food hall is wonderfully bright, good selection of food available and the staff are friendly. Will definately be on my list of airports to return to.  I can't comment on parking as I was on a transfer.  Only downside is the dutyfree is not well sighposted.
I've only arrived/departed CLT once, so I'm no expert, but it seems small for a city the size of Charlotte (seems even smaller than RDU). . . I liked that there's only one place to drop people off and it didn't even seem to crowded. . . I had to get the full pat down (could have used a Silkwood shower after that experience), but at least the TSA agent was pleasant about it.. . They have a Bojangles, so that's why I'm giving them the fourth star (and I like the lobby area with the rocking chairs.
As nice as an airport can get.
Great airport and service personell...especially being a hub airport (for US Air, maybe one or two others).  You would expect it to be chaotic, but I've never had a bad travel experience in this airport, and I travel alot, for both business and pleasure.. . Free Wi-Fi....need I say more?  Yes, there ARE still airports who charge for it, I know I know..... . I'm one of the few business travelers who apparently still checks a bag, and luggage delivery is always very fast on the return trip.  Never had a lost bag (knock on wood!)  A note to all travelers, please....check your bags.  I know it's $25, but come on....I have to shove my suit jacket under my seat with my computer bag because you are too cheap to check, but somehow feel it's ok to carry on a bag, a purse that's big enough to be another carry on piece of luggage, and shopping items you picked up in the terminal, easily taking up a whole overhead bin by yourself?  I feel like Charlotte travelers are worse about this than in other cities.. . Loses a star for the parking situation.  While I agree with previous reviewers that daily/long term parking is very affordable, I've been annoyed with the bus service to and from the terminals.  Hate it when I see 5 daily parking buses drive by empty when I'm parked in Long Term 2!
As an airport, I'd say this place does its job.  Simple layout, screens at every turn updating flight status, and overall a clean facility.  . . I had no problems when checking in for a flight.  TSA staff were extremely gentle and handled me with care, I walked out of there with no pain or discomfort.  But in all seriousness, security check was your typical long delay, but its to be expected for an international airport.  Once I got past security, I was able to find my gate with no problem.. . The Enterprise shuttle ran every five to ten minutes, which is very convenient when in a hurry.  Although i didn't use the pick up or drop off lanes, they seemed to be running smooth with no delays, my shuttle was able to  get through with relative ease.  . . Simple layout, modern facility, customer service was good.  Overall, I wouldn't mind flying back through this airport in the future.
Was just stopping through on our way to Las Vegas. . . It was 7:00AM in the morning...the Starbucks line moved quickly...and everyone was friendly.. . Thats enough for at least 4 stars :)
Not bad as far as airports go.  It has a decent lay out and good food choices.  I love the rocking chairs.
Good airport. Never had an issue in security line or anywhere else.
Though I take far fewer flights these days than I used to in my younger years, I still find Charlotte-Douglas to be one of the nicer in the country.. . If you happen to find yourself transferring (and many of you there will, since most of you do not actually live in Charlotte), you will invariably be dropped at the end of one concourse and have to make it to the end of another with about 17 minutes to make your connection, what with the airline industry being what it is and all.. . Should you not transfer in Charlotte, you will probably be dropped at the end of the E concourse, just so you feel like are not missing out on anything, and should you decide to transfer in the future, you are prepared for what seems like miles and miles of walking.. . That said, even that experience is not bad, and security is generally not bad in Charlotte, and parking is typically a breeze, with even the decks having among the lowest per-day cost anywhere.  We even have a cell phone lot where you can wait for you loved one to let you know they have arrived, at which point you can go pick them up from the baggage claim.
Airport was clean.  Flight was delayed coming home from vacation and the staff never gave a reason as to why the flight was delayed.  It is what it is, an airport, and it is a nice airport.  There are many places to eat and/or get a drink while you wait for your flight!
Nice big airport. Just hate that my flight always lands at the B gate and I have 15 minutes to get to the E Gate in this monstrosity. If you have a 3 hour layover though, there is a ton of stuff to do here. Probably one of the cleanest airports I have been to.
Fun airport with tons of different places to eat.  The place was packed and crazy like a zoo both times I came here. People are nice here and the BBQ is horrible.  Some grumpy people and some helpful people. It's entertaining to say the least. Avoid California pizza kitchen though... Not like the restaurant experience you would think.
I like the way this airport is laid out. . While you may have to walk a bit...at least it is all well marked and clean and fun to walk thru. . . Wish I could get one of the rockin' chairs. They always are full when I pass thru. . The BBQ is really nice............Carolina Pit Barbecue. . A little pricey but that is the way airports operate. . . The Wright Brother plane replica is nice to see as you walk toward E area. Interesting to note that the plane is higher off the ground then the real Flyer ever got!
CLT is a cool airport. Lots of eats..free internet...I find it easy in and out.. BUT it's busy. Who'd have thought in NC that an airport would be so busy. CLT has a very strict lightening procedures... they have several ground stops in the summer.. bring your laptop and good reading..
I like CLT. I flew through here on my way from Philadelphia (my least favorite airport) to Fort Myers, FL, because it was cheaper. And I'm glad I did.. . The way the airport is laid out in general is cool. Plenty of moving walkways too. Lots of good food options, and there's no lack in Starbucks. I did, however, get in the longest line, but it moved quickly and the workers were very happy and were even singing. :D. . The Charlotte hub has to be my favorite for US Airways, since I hate PHLand I haven't been to PHX. Other than that, I'll be back! :D
With all the hassle of security and crying babies running around, I know airports these days are just not the greatest place to hang.  But having been a seasonal business traveler, there are some airports that do stand out, and I must say Charlotte's airport is one of them.  . . Let's look at some of the pluses:. . 1.  A good selection of stores to shop (I know it's not a mall, but gives shopping as a thing to do while waiting for your flight).. . 2.  A good selection of restaurant and bars.  Always good for those munchy attacks.  You MUST try Bojangles chicken!. . 3.  Spacious.  Airports are often crowded and seem they don't have enough space to roam about.  . . 4.  US Airways Club - Amazing, with a smoking room (for those of us who smoke!).. . On top of USAirways being a partner with United (my choice airline - I know, I know...they can suck it sometimes, but been very loyal to them!), this makes a stopover at Charlotte Douglas a smooth one!
Actually one of the best airports I've been too. . Would I go back? Hell yeah? . Anytime soon? Hell no.
Huge airport! Similar to Hartsfield-Jackson. There were a lot of terminal, which made it very easy for me to kill time while I was waiting on my flight. They also have a variety of restaurants, which is great for those who want to have a real meal before they get on their flight.. . When I went it was very crowded so I'm not sure if that was a glitch but it sucked because everyone was using an outlet and I couldn't charge my phone! Overall, I had a good experience and wouldn't mine flying from this airport again.
Wow.  Such a sad lot of reviews here, and they all seem to be from people with a specific complaint/bad experience.  I guess people aren't motivated to Yelp their good experiences.... . Maybe I'm biased because I came through LAX and PHL before coming through here, but it's the cleanest and best-maintained of the bunch.. . Yes, the restrooms are staffed and there's a tip jar.  And reviewers are complaining about it????  Tips aren't mandatory, but after the disgusting restroom in PHL, I gladly fished in my purse and forked over 75 cents to the attendant who was keeping the place spotless.  And I do mean spotless.. . Atriums and rocking chairs are both nice touches that make the airport feel hospitable even for a long layover.  Yes, the airport is a bit stretched out for the numbers of overall gates, but it allows for nice atriums, spaces to chill, and more restaurants and other amenities for travelers.  I also imagine it allows the airport more room to grow in the future.  I can see how commuter fliers (or those running late) might not appreciate the sprawl, though.. . Free Wifi took 60 seconds to connect to.  Several outlets available for free charging in the atria.. . Seating, carpet, fixtures all in good shape/well-maintained.  Signage better than most airports (especially liked the map of restaurants/shops/amenities.)  And thumbs up for the trio of trash cans for recycling!. . Seems to me like CLT took a few cues from Eurpoean airports.. . Easy connection to light rail system (which I also liked) and very good wayfinding signage overall.. . CLT, you almost had 5 stars:. . Minus 1 star for Wifi not working in the main center shopping/eating area AND for having all your shops and restaurants close at either 8 or 9 PM!!!!  For an airport of its size, I was shocked.  I wanted to grab Beachwood Farms (Carolina BBQ, fast-food-service-style), but they were closed and cleaning up at 8:30.  Even the bar was shut down!  Spent my last hour at the gate when I would've preferred to have been spending money on a second drink and a nice dinner.
So many airports could learn a thing or two from Charlotte-Douglas International.  It's well thought out design, ample shops, plethora of dining choices, and overall cleanliness left me wondering why nothing like this exists in the northeast.  Simply awesome.
I've had a few connections at CLT... usually due to missing another flight, as I regularly fly Air Canada and United, but sometimes end up on US Airways. Unlike my usual stops (Chicago, Washington, Newark), I have never had an issue in Charlotte. . . It's small enough that it is simple to navigate in a short period of time. There are moving sidewalks (although they frown upon using them with a stroller) and some nice food options - both fast food and sit-down meals. Flights move in and out quickly without a huge domino effect with delays. I think I like Charlotte's airport, actually.. . Since I've only been here for connections, I can't comment on the check in area or the security checkpoint. Everything I've seen thus far, I like!. . Oh, and the restrooms have a bathroom attendant. This means they are quite clean (for an airport restroom, anyway) and they have mouthwash and other goodies. Traveling with a small child? There are family restrooms available as well.
A clean, modern, relatively well-designed airport.  But be prepared to do some serious walking!  I don't know how it happens, but my connections through this airport are almost always at opposite ends of the place.  Lots of places to eat and a pleasant sitting area nearby.  It really needs a train or something because even with the moving sidewalks, the amount of walking is excessive.  Pretty sure they have free wi-fi.
Some issues at security lines in terms of build up but over all the airport is great. Good lounge selection and decent food options. People watching in the rocking chairs is a good way to pass layover time.
I like CLT for a "bigger" airport.   Parking costs me $4 a day which is crazy cheap.  THe food isn't bad, there are some decent stores, and cool rocking chairs.  The secret to the security is check in on the end @ D+E.   Barely ever a line and when there is it moves faster for some odd reason.  Overall never had a problem here and its one of my favorite "bigger" airports.
Nice clean airport from what I could see.  We were on a 90 minute lay over on our way home and it was late.  There were still some places open which was nice.  Easy to get around.  Didn't have to worry about security as we were in the same wing.  I even managed to get ice in my was from US Air....not that has anything to do with the airport but I felt the need.
Another airport another day of hurry up and wait ! . . CLT is really a pretty cool airport, moving sidewalks a large food court, some nice Art and even a statue of the Queen outside, Charlotte is known as the Queen City. . . Oh yea, the TSA opened their checkpoint at 5:15 AM, my flight boarded at 5:35, get there and in line early.. . Due to the scrutiny of airport security, I can only award 4 stars.
as usual we were very happy with CLT, we live an hour closer to ATL but find it well worth the difference.  Parking and airport acess cheaper and easier, security shorter.  If only there was a smoking lounge, I could give 5 stars.  Jetblue is definetly the best cheap airline, legroom better, they care about their customers in many ways.
This airport is almost TOO big. Make sure you give yourself LOTS of time to get to your gate if you have a layover. I'm not sure why they separate US Airways (I landed in C and had to run to E) but its frustrating and I'm sure a lot of people miss flights.. . They have a ton of food options, singing bathroom attendants, and shuttles for older people who can not walk the extremely large airport!
I like this airport.  Check-in hasn't ever been bad for me.  Security/TSA has been as good as one could expect.  If you have time to spare, the rocking chairs rock!  Plus, the food choices are top notch!. . They are work on the baggage claim area, it seems...which this area is pretty much a dungeon at the moment.. . OH!  What's with the terrifying Queen Charlotte statue in front of the airport?!?!?!  I'm a grown man and that thing almost had me running in the opposite direction, screaming, with arms in the air!!!. . Free wifi!
Well, since this is the only airport within a 60 mile radius of Charlotte, I have to use it.  I don't mind, especially when I have to fy out.   The lines are typically pretty long going into the terminal area - just put on your patience hat and be nice.  I LOVE the rocking chairs, when one is available.  When someone is playing the piano, it puts the icing on the rocking cake!
Love Charlotte-Douglas because of US Air, (Delta Sucks).  Terminal E is a trek, but the eating selection is great.  I would like free Wi-Fi.
You gotta love an airport with rocking chairs!. . Welcome to CLT!!  Granted there are nicer, larger airports throughout the country that have better restaurant options, etc, but there's something about CLT airport that is familiar and comfortable.  It's quaint, people are nice, and yes, there are rocking chairs.  There's good signage to get you from point A to B and decent (not great) but decent eateries along the way.  My fav of which is Jamba Juice - definitely check them out!. . The D terminal seems to be the nicest, newest looking terminal.  There's a rum bar, ale house, gourmet to go food section, and the gates are large.  The other terminals tend to have a very small seating section at the gates, spilling people into the walk-way which inevitably ends up blocking foot traffic (and of course the motorized carts) which can be annoying.  . . What else can I say - it's an airport - been to better, been to worse.  All  in all, I try to stop over in CLT if I can't fly direct.
What kind employees in Charlotte! I received more "have a nice days" than Forrest Gump could ever have imagined! These folks are happy at their jobs....the food prep folks, cashiers, washroom attendants, and airline peeps working the gates must all be drinking the same joyful water! This airport is clean, organized, and roomy enough for a good amount of traffic to not feel cramped. And the rocking chairs in the common areas that still have all the modern conveniences for charging the toys makes it feel like home away from home. No wonder everyone was ordering smaller lattes that day - the warmth of this airport already had them feeling cozy :)
Clean and a quick airport to get in and out of!
Rocking chairs, BBQ and free wireless. If it were not for the fact I often get layovers here longer than it would take me to drive home, I would give it a 5.
Niiiice airport. I usually fly through Atlanta, but happened to have a rare return connection on a recent flight thru here. What I love most is the ambiance -- very modern and open. Cool structural artwork like airplanes in the atrium. Everything was festively decorated for the holidays. And there was a friggin' pianist playing jazzed up holiday tunes on a grand piano. Classy!. . Logistics are mostly good too. Signage is easy to read and follow. Tons of moving walkways to help you navigate more quickly. Which you may need to do since the terminals are unfortunately spread out, and there's no way between but by foot. That would admittedly suck if you were on a tight connx. My food choices sort of fell in the middle; but I've definitely experienced worse.
it's a very bright and sunny airport. on an early layover, so not that much was open. on the way back, we only had 5minutes to make our connection so basically we just ran through the place. . . maybe next time....
Beautiful! Was in US Airways terminal.  Plenty of places open and serving at 10:00 pm (when I had left New Orleans at 6:30pm and there was NOTHING serving except UNO pizzas in food stands and rude people telling me it would be 7 minutes and continued to play on her flip phone from the 80s.)
THE MALL OF AIRPORTS!!!!. . This airport is HUGE, I mean really! It's waaaay bigger than LAX in Los Angeles, and has so many really nice stores that you can forget that you were actually in an airport.. . I was simply changing flights, and didn't have much time to do any shopping, but this is a place that someone could spend the afternoon shopping in. Even the restaurants were a step up from what you would usually expect from an airport.. . They should change the name to:. Charlotte-Douglas MALL / International Airport . . :p
I usually have to connect here and it's not too bad. It's a bit sprawling but it's clean. I like the rocking chairs and free wifi as well as the live piano player they sometimes have by the sushi bar. Plus, there's a Pinkberry! It's at the entrance to terminal D. I can't speak for customs, parking, or going through security because I've only had connections here.
I like this airport. I've been stuck here many a-times between domestic and international layovers.  The layout is pretty easy to understand - you do have to walk a lot between terminals so wear comfy shoes and have good wheels on your suitcase.  Most if not all the terminals are connected via walking so you don't need to catch a shuttle. However this means you are walking a lot - as I said above.. . The main hub area that connects a lot of the terminals together has a good selection of restaurants.  I've hung out there a few times - once during my layover in 2005 from Nicaragua where I watched the Superbowl at a Chili's or something similar.  There are definitely a few vegan options around for food.. . There are some good stores for shopping too if you have more time to kill after that first or second Bloody Mary.. . It's not the best airport but it's pretty good as far as navigation, food quality and choices, and cleanliness goes.
If I was reviewing on safety, 1 bar, since I fell and sprained my ankle running to catch a connecting flight! haha.  Seriously though, it was partly the airlines fought for making us late (mechanical probs), but mostly mine for deciding to wear anything but flats.  Swollen ankle aside, CLT is a typical airport.  The terminals are a million miles apart (hence, the running to make our flight).  It's clean and offers enough food and shopping choices to keep you happy, although I can't name anything specific, since it was all in a blur as I sprinted passed.  I wish I could rate the security, as that is the true test of an airport, in my opinion, but I have only ever caught a connecting here.
Easy to navigate and lots of shops.  LaCoste inside an airport???
This airport, while only my host for the briefest of layovers, impressed me. As a hub for many airlines, it makes sense that the facility would be huge and expansive, but it is not as hard to navigate asI thought when I first got there. The rocking chairs are epic, as is the spa facility. There is also a pandora store that I stopped in to kill some time, and the staff are always saying hello and wishing you a safe journey. I encountered the bathroom attendants who have everything from mouthwash to perfume, tampons and deodorant on their table, and make sure that the facilities are clean. They also make sure to let you know they are grateful for a tip...the one in my restroom kept saying "Bless you for the blessing, Ma'am...". . They have plenty of dining options, stores and the amount of glass makes it nice and bright on a sunny day....a very modern and thanks to all the walkways, it is passenger friendly..just know if you see me running to my gate to get out of my way!
It seems I'm always rushing through this airport to make my next flight. While that may seem like a bad thing, I've never missed a flight going through Charlotte, and I've never had a delay. Unfortunately as I'm speed-walking past everyone, I wish I could stop and look at things because it seems like a good airport to spend a layover in and explore.. Also, any airport with a Jamba Juice is alright with me.
Charlotte has a warm feel to it, the airport is very spacious with trees and chairs that seem to pop up in random areas. Its nice I guess cause you never know when you need to have a seat? . . Yes I was there in the wee morning but the directions and setup made my walk to the next terminal an easyone. No strange turns left and right and no trolley rides to get to another terminal. Seriously....unless you are in HKG or really have that many flights out then a trolley...or better yet how about an airtrain?. . And to think I was there during rush hour.
The airport is easy to get out of and easy to get to.. . TSA is as slow as they can be.. Too many agents to few open lines.
Compared to other airports I like CLT!  They have gotten a little slow on getting gate checked bags to us.  Each bathroom has an attendant and is always clean.
This airport is one of the biggest and cleanest airports I've ever been in. There are information booths everywhere, as well as bathrooms, charging centers for your electronics, stores, and actual banks.. . Another good thing is that there is absolutely NO SMOKING inside the terminals.
Nice airport with free Wi FI and some very good restaurants.  Relatively easy to navigate and non-smoking.  As "Justin A" pointed out in his review, they have charging centers for your electronics which I love.  My cell phone battery just doesn't last as long as it used to.  I also was surprised to see that each bathroom has an attendant with mints and mouthwash and the bathrooms are always clean.
Ok, so ive had a few times where I was stuck on layover in this airport and I will say it def wasn't the worst experience. Actually with the numerous food options I wasn't bad off at all! The security line is a little iffy and unorganized but nothing too serious. I went to school in High Point and they only had a 5am and 12 shuttle to CLT which sucked, but again I didn't mind gettin there super early because of all the food choices. That plus the cheap nonstop flights to BWI and ATL def make CLT a winner!
I had a quick 1 hour layover with plenty of food options, lots of seating, friendly people and clean bathrooms.  Can't really ask for too much more.
Not a bad place for layovers. Plenty of food places and variety of stores. It's nice, clean, and always under new build of the next big thing. I had many visits here and always pretty happy about the airport itself. The food at the food court could be better though.
Clean. Easy to navigate. As a first time visitor to this airport but a frequent flyer in many others Charlotte Douglas gets 4 stars.
I've now flown through here a couple of times for business in Charlotte.  It's a nice airport, decent places to eat/snack, etc.  I've not had any problems flying in our out.. . The airport is pretty clean and, while car rental requires a shuttle, it's a quick shuttle ride and the shuttles are frequent.. . They do have free wi-fi but, it's a bit of a pain in the ass to connect...you have to wait through a stupid AOL advertising video.  Really?  AOL?  you have got to be kidding, right?. . One very odd thing...they have bathroom attendants.  Yes.  Really.  In every restroom there is an attendant who hands you paper towels to dry your hands and goes around keeping the bathrooms clean.  They are VERY clean, some of the cleanest I have ever been in for an airport.  But, then you feel guilty because you should really tip these guys.  But, I usually don't travel with much cash, so, I didn't have any money for a tip....sad
Nice airport with good dining choices. The US Airways Lounge is great too.
Lots of US airways flight must mean Charlotte-Douglas is a hub for the airline.. . Large clean marbled floor restrooms are convenient. Some terminals even have private family restrooms (where I prefer to go when traveling with my dogs).. . Lots of healthy food options. I just had the bombest salad at Salsaritas Fresh Cantina (for under $7).. . Though a decent sized airport it's easy to get around. Spacious and uncluttered from the inside. large windows welcome in the sunlight making it bright and thus appearing larger and more spacious than it is. Seats at waiting area near gates are modern and comfortable.. . Moviefone sponsors FREE wifi so watch the 30 second add and get online for free!
It is actually one of the smoothest airports to navigate and has quite a variety of food options, both healthy and fast food.  The staff, for the most part, are quite accommodating and all the facilities, terminals, and decor are modern and clean looking.  It is a busy airport but you don't get the rushed feeling like you do at O'Hare International
At least the US Airways terminal (which might be the whole airport, i'm not sure) is awesome.  It is bright with real sunlight when possible with large windows and wonderful little rocking chairs to hang out on.  . . They have a Chili's there right in the middle which is always a favorite with me, especially at the end of a long trip. Who can say no to chips and salsa? AND a beer?  I didn't think so.. . It is super easy to get around the airport and while it is a spread out, it goes pretty quick.  I think they have free wi-fi too, and pretty good shopping if you left something at home.
Not bad I'm assuming this is the hub for us airways since the entire airport is for us airways. A lot better airport to transfer than any other one I've been a lot of food court and space and is clean! However I don't think I'm a big fan of us airways at all. My whole flight from SF to Charlotte had no service since its over night. . . the airport is not to crowded but that could be me since i was there at 8:00 am. If I was to take a transfer fight i would def try to look for a transfer flight over here.
Great airport, and that's coming from someone who usually hates flying U.S. Airways (which CLT is a hub for).  They fly direct to San Diego, which has been useful for me going back to my college days flying out of Roanoke, VA.  The U.S. Airways terminal has a Bojangles next to the gate flying to San Diego, which is a welcome treat everytime I see it.  There's no better way to say bye to North Carolina than with a Cajun Filet Biscuit.  They could use more power outlets, but they also get credit for the awesome rocking chairs around the terminal.
Cleanest.  Airport.  Ever.
CLT a year ago? 3 stars. CLT now? 4 stars. CLT 5 years from now? 5 stars. I'm sure not everybody is aware of the rapid growth CLT is going though. Just in the past 5 years, CLT has expanded the terminal, added new parking decks, and refurbished the baggage claim area (which is MUCH better than it used to be). In the next 5 years, CLT is planning to expand the roadway outside the airport, add an extension to the E terminal, add another security checkpoint, build 2 new parking decks, and make various improvements to the airport including many new restaurants. . . Flying through CLT is extremely easy. The airport is layout is like a hand--1 terminal with 5 "wings" if you will. Concourse A belongs to Delta, airTran, American, United, and Air Canada Jazz. Concourses B and C belong to US Airways domestic travel. Concourse D is home to US Airways international travel, some US Airways domestic travel, jetBlue, and the daily Lufthansa flight to Munich. Concourse E is home to US Airways Express. D and E are the newest concourses, and are very nice. Concourse D was just redone, adding a lounge area complete with sushi and Pinkberry, which is delicious. . . Security wait times are usually manageable, and with the new addition coming in June of a 5th security checkpoints, security should be a breeze. I have found staff to be pretty friendly all around. Delays are usually not bad at CLT, and runway congestion is nearly absent with the addition of a 4th runway at Charlotte. Charlotte offers a wide variety of destinations, including European cities such as Frankfurt, Munich, and Rome. Overall, an airport that's rapidly improving. Another nice touch is that WiFi is free. They also have volunteer piano players in the atrium on certain days, which is really fantastic to listen to.. . To read more about the expansion, head over to the airport's web site. Definitely a better connection airport than Atlanta, Washington, or the New York airports.
We're usually routed through here for our Caribbean trips as well. It's a pretty decent airport, not as much hustle and bustle like LAX or Philadelphia has. I think because of us coming through this airport so much, I'd like to explore Charlotte a little more, it seems like a pretty cool place :)
A nice quiet airport with plenty of shopping. The womens restroom has a bathroom attendant and is very clean
Nice clean terminals and lots of selections for food & bevvies makes this a great place to wait for your flight. Security is generally pretty easy to get through... no more than 15 minutes on my last 2 flights out of here.
The airport was very easy to walk from one concourse to another.
Free wifi but not much range. Decent food selection. Go with Salsarita Breakfast Burritos! Wish there was a local alternative to Starbucks. It really isnt good coffee people. . If you see an older pilot, don't try to be nice to them. They are disgruntled. You would be too if your company took over a million dollars of your pension away while upper management all took bonuses.
Had a layover here from AZ to Jamaica. We arrived around 6AM before/during shops were opening up. After walking around a bit we were able to locate a breakfast spot for a quick meal. After that we were off to Jamaica.. . No problems here mon'
I had 2 layovers here in the last week & I really like this airport. Great food options and shopping. Everyone we dealt with from gate agents to security were really nice & helpful. I heard there was free WiFi but I wasn't getting much of a connection.
After I napped from Vegas to Charlotte we had our 1st lay over here. . . The first thing I noticed after coming off the plane was a lot of stores, food options, and pretty girls. What was even better was that our arriving gate and departing gate were very close. . . There is also free wifi here and the chairs are comfortable. The bathrooms were well kept too. . . There's not much else to be said from a lay over stand point. I wouldn't mind stopping in again.
This was an enjoyable airport; quick transportation to the terminals, great food options (Fox Bar and Grille is my choice!), clean restrooms, and VERY comfortable boarding-gate chairs!  I hope to back to Charlotte-Douglas soon!  Oh, no lost luggage, either!
This isn't my home airport so I'm always just flying through but it's definitely one of my favorites. The rocking chairs alone make it memorable but I also love the occasional live music from the grand piano in the central area. Food is meh, Starbucks is essential, and the moving walkways are fun/helpful except when people can't read the directions. Bank of America ATMs all over the place and several shops to help kill time between connections.
haben nicht wirklich viel vom Flughafen gesehen, da wir dort lediglich zwei Mal umgestiegen sind. Allerdings hat die Einreise uber 2 Std gedauert und der Anschlussflug schien gefahrdet. Hat aber alles problemlos geklappt, auch wenn es etwas hektisch wurde
I like this airport because:. - It has jamba juice. - It has lots of flights and connections. - It is clean and the people are pretty friendly. . My complaint?. - walkways are WAYYYYYYYY too narrow for the volume of people walking down each concourse
One of my favorite Airports to be lay-overed in. Wide selection of restaurants to grab a bite and the lay out is very simple.
Clean and spacious airport with lots of food and shopping options. My only complaint is their lack of outlets in the boarding areas. Really? Apparently they're all hanging out in the walkway area with trees and white rocking chairs(across from Burger King food area).
Free wi-fi is always a plus! Buy long distances between certain terminals for US Airways made it hard to get across. Airports need to work with airlines on getting commuter turboprops closer to the big guys....or make it easier to transport people in dedicated lines.
I like this airport. Large but still fairly convenientand they do have a couple of shuttles.
Charlotte-Douglas Airport is pretty standard for those jetsetting or catching a connecting flight to the left coast. Don't be late, don't give a bunch of guff to TSA, understand that airport vittles, restaurants and other eateries most likely won't receive a Michelin Star, and don't leave your bags unattended then you'll probably have a palatable experience. . . One thing I do love about the QC's airport is the variation in security checkpoints. If you A and B are slammed busy, walk down about 50 yards to C or D and the lines are almost always shorter and typically faster. Most people congregate to A and B since they are closer to the beginning of curbside drop-off. Fear not! On those buys travel days, seek out the slimmer lines of the other TSA's at C and D. You'll be happy you did. . . Glad to have a very accessible and friendly airport in town. Happy to fly out and even more excited to fly back in! Also, I think most of the construction at baggage claim is wrapping up for the most part. Lookin' rather clean! Great job!
I like CLT.  This airport is large and has a lot of people going through it, and there are many places to stop in, grab lunch or dinner, and get to your next stop.  I normally don't have much time to hang out here, but I have been to a couple restaurants and they were clean and fast.. . I especially like the fact this airport has six Starbucks locations.  If you are flying FROM Charlotte, try the A concourse TSA line, it is usually shorter.
This might be the first airport that I had ever been to that had a grand piano and someone actually playing it. The piano was located in the food court where all of the concourses joined together.. . I thought this place was pretty good. I was going through this airport for a connecting flight. I flew with US Airways and it looked like all of Concourse B and C were US Airways. I'm pretty sure the other concourses had other airlines. The food court, there were different choices than the airports I've been to in the past so it was a good change. . . One thing that could be an issue with this airport was how far apart the concourses were. You might need to rush if your layover was short.
Looked good as we ran thru it. Clean but busy.
This airport is my go to airport when I have a layover.  There are tons of places to eat, drink and shop throughout the airport.  It is always clean whenever I arrive.  And this has to have the best people watching out of every airport I've been to.  Just sit back, observe, laugh and let the time fly by.  You won't be disappointed.  . . They have a many rocking chairs throughout the airport and  moving walk ways to help you navigate from one terminal to the next.  Just about every flight seems to be on-time, unlike other airports that i frequent.
I'm in Charlotte very often as a flight crewmember, and it's one of my preferred airports.  Free wifi, nice food options, lots of places to sit and recharge.  Not a huge fan of the fact that everything is carpeted, it makes it a little harder to wheel your luggage around, but it's not a big deal.  The airport is laid out pretty well, and has lots of signage to find your way around.  I do like how they have "Walk" and "Stand" actually painted onto the moving sidewalks, now only if they could get people to actually adhere to that.
I like this airport for a lot of reasons   But one really obscure one popped up recently when looking at the airport map.  Holy cow, the map of the gates and grounds is the  same shape as an Inukshuk.  Really?  It's not a worthy story to tell why I recognize this, but if we all lived in the Arctic Circle, the inukshuk is the man-shaped stack of rocks that we would all be looking for during our trip.  Those sturdy bodies are built out there in the scarey white wilderness by travellers to safely guide those who come after them.  And that's what the Charlotte airport does. . . I was also impressed that the gate call included, "First class passengers and all enlisted personnel in uniform.". . Keepin' us safe.  Guiding us to the next stop.. Thanks, Charlotte and all who pass through.
Clean, some renovations under way.
The heaven of domestic airports.. . Came here for connecting flights to the Caribbean.. . Highlights:. -Free Wi-fi. - Amazing customer service at restaurants (there are a ton of them). - Escalator things everywhere for the lazy. - Big, open room to roam around. - Many seats for you to sit wherever you would like - not next to the family with three crying babies. - Clear signs everywhere. - The airport is not a maze and is a simple shape you will understand right away. - COFFEE & OUTLETS EVERYWHERE. . I love a good caffeine charge and a phone at full battery.. . Yes, it's a small airport, but let LAX be an example of what a big airport is like. (LAX is one of the few reasons I hate to travel). . Go to the Body Shop if you are bored (center of the airport). They hooked me up with a lot of lotion samples for my travels!
CLT is a convenient airport despite being a rather busy hub, with a fair amount of international traffic.  When I used to fly US Airways all the time, CLT would figure in my travel at least once a week.  Now, it's rare that I get to go through CLT.. . It's a fairly new airport and the layout and amenities show that.  It has a wide open, airy feel to it in most concourses, especially the International concourse.  The central area where the B and C concourses meet can be a bit of a madhouse at times with people rushing between gates.  But there, in the midst of all this traffic, are dozens of cozy Adirondack style chairs where you can relax for a bit if you have the time between flights.. . There is often some live entertainment in the central area... grand piano, country music, jazz - I've seen it all.  Lots of food options too - and a full fledged cigar/tobacco store - woohoo!!!. . Weather in the area is usually good which means minimal flight delays.  Delays are inevitable in a hub airport but when they do happen, CLT makes the experience a little less stressful by providing a lot of distractions in addition to the wonderful Southern charm of all the people working here.. . Great place to connect if you're headed to the Caribbean - you're almost there already ;). . ~ 4 solid stars for a solid, dependable and charming "little" big airport.  CLT may not be my favorite airport but it's one I'm quite fond of.. . # 280
I spend way too much of my life in this airport... but, as far as major airports go, its not so bad. They have a decent selection of restaurants and shops, many a Starbuck, and a good place for a massage. . . BOTTOM LINE: I usually park my tired behind in the US airways club and sleep, but when I'm in the mood to venture out, this airport has a pretty good selection of fun things to do while you wait for the next air taxi.
Bigger airport than one would think. Very busy and always on the move. Easy to get around however.
The airport might be a little older but it's in fine condition and has wide and spacious walkways, not overly crowded, and good food options.
Comfy chairs, free wifi, decent terminal layout, bagels for breakfast and BBQ for every other time, this is a great place to stop if you've got a bit of time between flights.
As far as airports are concerned, this one stacks up well.  TSA gets you through security pretty quick.  My flights have almost always departed on time.  All the terminals are in the same building.  . . There are also plenty of options where food is concerned.  My favorite part is that there's a Bojangles inside.  You could feasibly bring Bojangles to another state!  Seriously, how awesome is that?  The only downside is that each terminal has different food, so it may be a long walk, depending on where you are flying.
CLT has one of the largest selections of dining out of any airport I have ever been to. Shopping as well, but I never buy retail items from an airport, just food! There is a whole food court with an incredible amount of selection. if you are hungry there is a spot for your to fix your craving. . . In addition to having lots of choices there are also lots of people. CLT is one of the BUSIEST airports I have ever been to as well. Overall, a good airport and I am sure my travels will have me flying there soon!
Clean and friendly.  Have no complaints except that you tend to always sit on the runway awhile.
I liked this airport more than the others mostly because of the food selection and wifi.  There were so many restaurants to choose from during my layover, the service was friendly and there were lots of amenities, but most of all, I could study because theyoffered free wifi :)
Thoroughly impressed with this airport. . . Not that I'm some great world traveler, but all the more reason.  See, when I booked my virgin transatlantic flight (yes, virgin with a lower case v--as in, I was popping my passport cherry; not capital V, as in going on the airline), I needed an airport that wouldn't drive me batty with traffic.  As fun as it would have been to fly through a big name airport like JFK or LaGuardia, I think I might have regretted it.  In fact, on the return leg, I was even more grateful.  . . Being a noob, I took to the interweb for advice.  I had read in some online travel blog about how I should book 3 hours between connecting flights for the first stop back on US soil to get through customs, get to the new plane, blah, blah, blah.  I read that Charlotte was well organized. My flight only gave me two hours and change BUT there was a later one on the same airline to the same destination if I should happen to miss my connection.  So I felt okay about it. . . When we touched down on US soil, the flight attendants made an announcement that a Lufthansa flight had also just touched down and that their plane was MUCH larger than ours and that we should head the heck out ASAP if we have connections to get. Panicked, we all made a run for it to customs but were too late.  Stupid Lufthansa people.  As we stood sulking in line, we realized how quickly the line was moving.  Customs agents throughout the room made sure that travelers were in the correct customs lines ("US and Canadian passengers ONLY on the LEFT--EVERYONE ELSE ON THE RIGHT").  They came through the line to make sure everyone in line had their documents and KEPT THEM OUT instead of tucking them in some side pocket of some suitcase somewhere only to waste time fumbling for it later. Finally, they segregated people into mini-lines for customs agents to be screened.  All told, we stood in line (behind Lufthansa even!) for just 15 minutes. Take that JFK.  . . I might even add that unlike most airport staff, the folks here even seemed to be a bit friendlier.  Customs agents smiled and played with babies.  Volunteers standing in corridors handed us free luggage tags.  Airports of the world could take a lesson from Charlotte-Douglas, I think...
Basically the totally opposite of Newark Liberty Airport.. . Clean and well-lit. Friendly and courteous TSA members, and fast and efficient layout and service.
What's not like about the Charlotte airport?  It's clean, it's friendly, there are bathroom attendants, there are rocking chairs, there's BBQ and a wine bar, there's a guy playing Rihanna on a baby grand.  Of course there is currently an idiot sitting in the middle of the walkway eating frozen yogurt but everyone is too polite here to call them out on it.
Well cleaned airport, and the fooding and drinking is AFTER security (LGA ... you could learn something from CLT), and tasty (they have some good localize restaurants there and a microbrew bar there).  . . Very large, and fun to bar crawl around, especially when you have 3+ hrs of waiting there, courtesy of El Presidente landing in the area for the DNC and delaying all flights in the area.
I love this airport.  Clean, open, easy to manage, and the stores are open longer than many places I've been to which is great when your travel plans have you up and out all day and night.
I like the layout of this one, since once you're behind security, you can get pretty much anywhere. This is (in my opinion) the key design of a well-laid-out airport.. . My biggest complaint is that if you want good beer, you have to travel a ways away. Carolina Beer Company is about the best place to get beer in this airport, but it's hidden way at the end of terminal D. Any other place has crappy big macro brews only. Meh.. . I like the layout and the fact that I can get anywhere behind security. Aside from that, it's meh.
If there's one thing that NC gets right it is definitely hospitality. Next to SFO, this is my favorite major airport .  Although large and very busy, the layout is spacious and spread out.  I never feel like I'm packed like a sardine in a can like I do connecting through Atlanta.  There are plenty of seating and electrical outlets to charge electronics.  Rocking chairs adorn the airport throughout, many placed near windows for some good ol' southern comfort.  Many of the shops are high-end, and even a nail &spa parlor is situated near the jewelry store.  Bathrooms are always maintained, cleaned and oftentimes travelers are greeted by bathroom attendants.  And yes folks, sometimes  a pianist serenades travelers on his grand piano as they pass through the food court to an opposing terminal.  The best part---FREE wifi.  In an era when traveling with comfort is going into extinction I appreciate your classiness Charlotte.  You've earned the nickname Queen City at least in my book.
Clean, Tidy, and promp with service and hospitality. Getting from gate and gate is efficient especially when you go from the main ones over to the far end for flying out on the much smaller jets.
Free Wi-Fi. Southern hospitality. Lots of dining options. Easy to navigate. . These are a few of my favorite things. On the down side they have no smoking areas in the airport, you must leave the terminal and walk across the street.....(booo). Smoking is a nasty bad habit anyway.
I like this airport. Super busy always but it is nice. I've never arrived or departured from here, just connected, so I can't speak to security efficiency, but the airport itself is nice. The intersection of all the terminals is nice. Restaurants. Rocking chairs. A good palace to sit if you can find a chair. The larger of two US Airways clubs is nearby so you could go there or to the one in the B concourse near gate 3.
An airport on the smaller side. I dropped by here as a stopover on the way back to Norfolk from Atlanta. Cute airport and obviously on its way to becoming a "big" one. You'll find all the food you need. It's easy to find your way around and you get free wi fi! Airports get extra points for the wifi =)
My first time in a Southern airport. They are right. Southern charm is alive and well. Very clean and I was able to find a nice restaurant during my layover. I plan to visit North Carolina in the future. Hope it lives up to the charm displayed to me at the airport.
Free wifi, gotta love small airports.  Easy in and easy out.
I used to love this airport, but then they got rid of the Nathan's Hot Dog in the concourse - WHAT THE HELL, CHARLOTTE?!?!. . Now I just like it - it's spacious, clean, with tons of options for food and time-killing in between flights. The biggest issue is that if you happen to be switching carries at some point, you run the danger have having to cover about 2 miles of distance between some of these gates; no joke.. . I've also had a great time with security here - never been a hassle.
Pretty easy getting through the airport to baggage to my shuttle.  Lots of hotel choices nearby and then back again really early in the morning.  Multiple lines for security and any of them will work, stay away from gate B line as they have less scanners and you compete with the priority and first class lines, unless you're flying first of course.  A few shopping places, some barbecue, and Jamba all in the airport while you're waiting for your flight.
Decent run of the mill airport. It's nice inside and definitely had a load of amenities and a plethora of food options. . . My favorite part? It was nice to be in such a large place with so many people and it actually be CLEAN :)
This airport is super nice inside! I had the pleasure of having a rather brief layover here after being delayed by my flight into Philly being cancelled twice by Hurricane Sandy. And honestly, I like this airport A LOT better than Philly. So, thanks US Air! . . Super clean. Easy to navigate. Pleasant and pretty inside. Plus great food choices as far as I could tell. I ate in the atrium, where there also happened to be a piano player. You keep it classy, Charlotte. If your airport is any inclination of your city which I have unfortunately have not had the chance to visit, I will be back. (Read: I will be back). . Thanks for allowing me to get back into the Contiguous 48 safely!
This is our homebase, and you have to look far and wide for a friendlier airport. They've upgraded the shops and restaurants here. Bad Daddy's is a local burger joint.. . They have some rookies at check in and TSA, but the relaxed rocking chairs more than make up for it.. . Only pain is terminal E, which is a hike to get to, even with new check in area. . International arrivals was pretty good too
Clean, decent set up, hallways are not wide enough though making it extremely trafficy to walk through. There is a good selection of restaurants though!
It's a nice airport. Pretty typical, long lines through security, full body scan and then some shopping while you wait for your plane to take off. . . There are a good selection of restaurants so no matter what you have a taste for there is an option available. The restrooms are clean and well maintained.. . I was lucky enough to have an on time arrival and departure. My only complaint was in the baggage terminal While my plane landed on time, and there were plenty of baggage gate open and available, my flight and three others waited for our bags for more than 30 minutes. No warning, no calls, no updates....just waiting. . . Eventually, my bags made it and overall I don't mind calling Charlotte-Douglas my home airport!
Yo Chick-Fil-A.... WHERE YOU AT BRO?. . Free WiFi.. Bojanges.. Chili's 2.. Rocking Chairs.. Starbucks.. . More than you can say about Philadelphia International Airport.. . US AIR....Where's YOUR iPhone App? I'm just sayin' it's 2012.. . Watch out for the food choices. Healthy is not this airports first, middle, or last name.. . Oh here is a secret. Go to security lines at the far left or far right if you are in a hurry. They are usually the shortest.
seriously? concierge service and tip jars in the bathrooms? but what happens if no one tips? (shudder)
Very well designed airport. I mean the inside. It's very characterized and it doesn't make you feel like "okay it's just another airport" but it's so special and unique that I'll always remember. Im just having a connection here tonight and I hope I'll have more chance to come here. It's big and takes a lot of effort to walk from one terminal to another.
I feel like reviewing an airport is similar to reviewing my utilities provider.  Unless I don't like hot water, it doesn't really matter what I think of their customer service.. . With that said, I do like this airport, because it has lots of security checkpoints that work relatively smoothly, and plenty of different areas to wander aimlessly.  They also have plenty of shops/restaurants to visit when your flight is delayed and you are powerless to do anything but keep opening your wallet to the airlines.
So chill. How chill you ask?.... They have ROCKING CHAIRS! Yes, rocking chairs in an airport! THAT'S how chill this is airport is. And yes I've used the word chill and airport in the same sentence (rare combo). . . Besides the rocking chairs, there's free wifi and various food options. Pleasant staff, clean and not over crowded. Not a bad spot for layover.
Large airport that has lots of great connections when using US Airways. Its also very well laid out and easy to get between terminals quickly.. . The airport itself is huge and overall pretty nice. Good selection of restaurants to kill time at as well. One interesting thing about it is that they have a serious recycling and composting initiative. They strangely don't advertise it very well as I found out through a bartender who was explaining it to me.
Pretty standard on terms of airports. I've experienced far worse.
This airport is just about always busy - and that can be a little annoying. Wanna walk from point A to point B? Well, don't be in a hurry, because there are 5 million (slight exaggeration) people in your way.. . BUT, they have decent restaurant options, and plenty of them. On top of that, the people in the international area are about as nice as they can be: One of them actually called me "sweetie". I almost broke down crying because it was so nice to be treated so well after spending several months out of the country. I am telling you... the customer service in the United States is beyond. And the CLT is top notch!. . Additionally, the airport is pretty small, all things considered. I was at the very end of terminal B when I arrived. Had to head to D, which was the opposite side of the airport. I think that with all the foot traffic, it took me a whopping 10-15 min. Not too shabby... but I will admit that I am a master maneuverer, and walk with relaxed-looking lightning speed. So maybe add a little extra time for the lollygaggers. Nice thing is there're some little shops there in the middle. Relax, check it out. Then be on your merry way.. . OH! One last pointer: AWESOME place to come in internationally... it took me like 3 seconds (again, slight exaggeration) to get through customs. There were plenty of lines, re-entering through security was also well-organized. It honestly is THE best place (and I've been through a lot of airports internationally) I have ever been when re-entering the US of A. Highly suggest making this your international airport (when possible).
Is there anything this airport doesn't have?  I have changed flights here on several occasions and each time I fight the urge to stop at Cinnabon... That smell is dangerous.  They have several restaurants, countless Starbucks, and even a few bars thrown in.
**Free Wifi** wins my heart every time. There aren't many charging stations but there are plenty of rocking chairs. I've been here a few times and I always enjoy my short layover here. There are a lot of Starbucks scattered throughout so have no fear, plenty of java here.
First time there. I must admit that the facility does have its priorities in order. Everything I could see was spotless and well maintained. The place had a wide variety of shops in the concourse for travellers passing by to their next destination. First time flying US Airways was and pleased at the experience. It reminded me of the days back before the United Continental merger. Continental always had consistent friendly service and majority of on-time arrivals. Generous portions of drink beverages and inflight snacks
No, I don't come here often but: . . For a larger airport, foot traffic flows pretty well from one concourse to the next and food choices are much better than other airports I frequent. CLT offers free WiFi - yea! - which you might enjoy while chillin' in a rocking chair; watching passers-by. . . And one other really cool thing: a water bottle filling station, near but not the same as the traditional water fountains; good tasting water AND saving the planet - nice.. . However, the food choices are usually crowded and the grab-n-go food should not be grabbed. And, CLT get's a poor rating for not providing enough power charger stations. . . But hey: the people are nice and, for me, that counts.
THIS IS A BIG A** Airport!! . Everytime i come here its for an connecting flight to somewhere else and i seem to be running in order to catch that flight! Not there fault could be US Airways but anyway, this airport offers so many eating places and shops that you feel like your more so at the mall then an airport. I hope not to come here again but if sooo oh well...
Always a good airport when you have free Wifi. Nice place. Well designed. Medium Size Airport.
Nice airport, lots of shopping, spa, food if you have a long layover.
I usually only connect in CLT. There are lots of great food options. Restrooms are nice and have attendants. Walking between terminals can take a while, but there are the moving walkways that expedite the process.. The FREE WIFI makes up for everything- the best perk ever!
This place is pretty nice.  Looks relatively new and is pretty clean.  Good spots to eat and shop.  Terminal is easy to navigate.  I would not be upset if I had a layover here in the future.
Pretty standard big airport layout, the usual food and stores. +1 star for the awesome rocking chairs...because EVERYONE should have rocking chairs!!
I go through here if I get stuck on U.S. Airways but I actually don't mind connecting through here at all.  Even though there isn't a train/tram system to my knowledge, I never feel in a rush.  There are plenty of people movers/moving sidewalks so I am always able to get to my connecting gate w/o anything but a leisurely stroll.  Food options include Chili's, CPK, BK, and Cinnabon.  Despite being inside an airport, the pecan roll was one of the best I've ever had (just keeping it real).  If you Yelp while inside the airport itself there was a decent modern sushi, asian-fusion, independent IIRC but I can't remember the name.. . Restrooms were actually clean.  There are even some higher end boutique-ey stores like Costa etc. w/ a nice modern white uniform row storefront along the moving sidewalks.
Decent selection and clearance pricing can be found at the Brooks Brothers store.  Once you're done shopping and still have some time to kill before catching your flight, you can rest your bottom on one of the dozens of white rocking chairs that line the atrium.  The rocking chairs are a nice perk and you should definitely try totake advantage of them if you can.. . The only complaint I have are with the transport carts.  They are constantly beeping no matter what direction they're going.  I can understand the beeping while in reverse, but it's really annoying when it's constant.  Especially when you have 40 minutes to kill at the gate.. . Thank goodness for the free WiFi...
I flew into Charlotte and spent about an hour here in between flights #2 and #3 while en route from Germany to Tennessee. It may not be the best airport ever, but after my experience in Newark, I am inclined to think it was quite alright.. . We flew into the US Airways terminal so that's all I really know. It was huge, but luckily there were plenty of moving sidewalks for getting around. It also ended up being much bigger inside than it appeared from the outside.. . The most obnoxious part was the beeping cars driving around, transporting people. That drove me up the wall, and I found it was hardly necessary. If you've been here, you know what I mean.. . Anyway, I am not much of an airport or duty-free shopper, but I would think that this airport would be appealing for those who are, as there were plenty of shopping opportunities, and lots of food options as well (albeit overpriced, but that's expected). . . The rocking chairs throughout gave the airport a cozy, Southern feel, but of course, the best part was the free WiFi. Why this isn't a staple in every airport is beyond me, but Charlotte does it right.
Just as a southern airport should be.  Clean and cozy. White rocking chairs where one can recharge the feet as well as technology.  Really sweet.. . The restroom is another nice surprise. It's clean, I'm all for that.  The restroom attendant is a nice touch to make sure it's clean, and the greeting is nice.  Having mouthwash and other items is a really great idea.  . . I have stopped through a couple of times and remember the food being really tasty and  the airport being easy to maneuver.
A lot of places to eat in the US Airways terminal. I only had 1 stop here but they have white chairs everywhere which is pretty cool and free wifi.
I do like this airport a lot.  I mean it is huge and has a lot of shopping options.  The food choices are great and you will find an SB every few stops to keep you going.  They have the viewing area and rocking chairs if you have a long wait time for connection.  The restrooms are always clean and looked after.  A good airport to connect or travel thru.
I fly in and out of CLT quite often and I must say it is usually a pleasure.  Starting with the parking, it's the cheapest in the country....so much so that I always park in Business Valet which is only $10.00 a day which is less than the hourly rate at most other airports.  Pull right in and they take your bags for you to the shuttle which is always waiting for you so your not stuck outside waiting in a shelter like other lots.. Security is usually a breeze and with preferred access there is seldom a wait.  CLT has a nice food court with many choices for typical airport fare and the concourses also have some nice choices for food and periodicals.  Keep in mind, you're not eating at 5 Star restaurants, but it is what it is.. I like CLT and am happy that my town has an easily accessible, growing airport.
This is what a NYC airport should look like. It's . chic and they have a wine bar!!! Why would a North Carolina airport have a . chic wine bar. I thought i would land at a crappy run down airport like LaGuardia airport but to my surprise the south is more modern than NYC??? odd. NYC get with it!!!!!!
Clean, modern, well laid out, free Wifi, and lots of seating. It is a big airport, but it doesn't really feel that way. . . I thought the food courts were nice and spacious.
Whenever I'm booking a flight that requires a connection (which, let's be real, is almost always the case from RIC) and Charlotte appears as an option, I take it. It's easy to navigate, isn't overwhelming and offers standard food options as well as a few of my traveling faves. Jamba Juice, Pinkberry, TCBY? Yes, please!. . It even boasts rocking chairs (welcome to the South, y'all) and free wi-fi. Doesn't get much better than that during a layover.
The inside of the airport is really nice. Lovely rocking chairs near the windows-good luck finding a free one! Lots of options for food and lovely deco. My favorite is the hallway of movie posters featuring movies filmed in NC. . . If you are connecting-great. Beware that parking is a disaster. Be prepared to take your time finding the correct deck. And arrive early!
Rocking chairs, lots of glass windows, and a large selection of food choices...I wish I flew in to Charlotte more often!!
This is one of my favorite airports because everything is very fresh, bright, cheery and nice! The entire airport has floor to ceiling windows which takes the feeling of claustrophobic away from this particular airport. I especially enjoy the little additions they have such as the rocking chairs that look out on the runway as well as a nail salon, yes a nail salon! The Wi Fi is free and there is plenty to do that will keep you entertained for hours, including legitimate shopping (Brooks Brothers, etc), book stores, great restaurants and like I said, a nail salon!
Charlotte is a very nice airport to have a layover at.. . There are numerous restaurants and Starbucks.  Lots of moving walkways if you have to go all the way from Terminal B to D.. . They have bathroom attendants which always strikes me as odd, but keeps the place very clean.. . Not a bad place to have a long layover.
Recently I have flown more often than I used to, and thus have a better feel on how CLT measure up with other airports. So it's not the prettiest (far from being aesthetically pleasing to be honest), but it is efficient. Go down to Terminal E for TSA check point if the other ones are jammed up, but for the most part I never had too wait to long.  Best part is free wifi. I have logged in to work remotely while waiting for boarding, talk about business travel friendly.
Small airport, easy layout, dingy looking in some areas... . . Location - like any airport, this one takes a while to get to, into the airport grounds, which I do not mind so much. . . Inside - its a little outdated in some areas, but in other parts are new. I like how they have some stores that caters to the well travelers or stragglers during their layovers. . . - love me some Jamba Juice. - cannot go wrong with The Body Shop. - was able to get currency exchange in pesos during my DR trip. . Staff - depends on which airline you get on or off from.. It varies.. . Overall, I do not see a problem with this airport. Smaller airport means, that most of the time, the wait during the screening is not bad at all.
Decent airport. Def has a Charlotte feel inside and out.  . . The airport and overall parking sitch. are kind of a mess right now.  But I imagine it'll be alot nicer once its all finished.  . . The security check-points aren't that bad, however they do tend to be understaffed on the weekdays.  . . There's plenty of shopping, and eateries.  They have everything from BBQ, Chili's, Burger King, etc.  . . Flights are usually run on time for the most part.  The only thing that really slows this place down is ice/snow.  Otherwise, they'll get up out and on to your destination.
Very easy to navigate and clean. It has a laid-back feel with the rocking chairs. Be sure to check the reviews on Yelp before forking over your 1st unborn child at the restaurants.
CHARLOTTE DOUGLAS INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT. Huge but very orderly-run airport in Charlotte, North Carolina. Even with all the construction going on, traffic moved along quite smoothly. Everything was labeled. Lots of little shops to browse through and mini bookstores and magazine stalls to kill time. Friendly service.
Great airport with lots to shop and eat! Easy to navigate.
Easy to navigate. Plenty of food options. Careful about the distance between terminals though..
Decent airport, but it is always a mass of humanity.  Be sure to stay in your seat if you get one, because you will lose it.
Surprisingly clean and quite easy airport!  Had wonderful service and bags were quick to be unloaded.  Very easy in and outapproach.
Sushi bar in airport is very good.
Just passing through, but nice airport!
Charlotte Douglas International Airport is one of the best there is. I travel as much as I can and I have never had a problem. The lines are moderate in length and the employees are as courteous as can be expected. Parking is never a problem, even on busy Holiday travel days. . With so many dining options to chose from there is something for everyone. There is definitely more Starbucks than one needs but who is complaining about that. . Security checkpoint is efficient and as fast as the customers allow it to be. Signs are clearly marked all over the airport.. We are lucky to have such a great airport for all of our travel needs.
This airport is like a mall. They have so many stores and restaurants. You almost WANT to have a long layover so you can explore. That was not the case for me, though. I only had enough time to walk from gate to gate. Oh well.
Plenty of rocking chairs, sky walks, and outlets. Southern hospitality = bathroom attendants = clean bathrooms. All terminals are connected.
I was here while there was a rain storm going on the east coast and I was re routed to the Charlotte airport instead of Philly. I was impressed by the size and organization of this airport. All of the escalators and walkways were functional and restrooms were very clean. . . They were very fast at moving air traffic as soon as the runway was cleared and we were able to take off about 15 minutes before the scheduled departure time (after being delayed by 30 minutes). . . There are plenty of options for shopping and dining. I did not have much time to explore everything but very impressed by the sheer size and architecture of it.
Had my first opportunity to visit NC the other week and flew into Charlotte Douglass International. The airport wasn't as big as I had imagined it would be, but that's OK. While I wasn't here long, I did find it easy to find my way around the airport, so signage was good. I noticed plenty of food and shopping places as I walked thru the airport, but didn't have a chance to stop in to any of these places. On my way back home, I got thru the security line pretty quickly, so no complaints there. Only downside for me was the rental car places are off-site, so you have to catch a bus. I much prefer airports where the rental places are on-site. But even at that, the bus came quickly and you are in a covered area while waiting, which is a good thing seeing as it was raining the day I came in. Overall, no complaints, other than the US Airways delay trying to get back to Philly, but that's certainly not the airports fault...that's just typical US Airways and PHL!!
Just passing through againh... but the Seafood joint in terminal C has some great food!
Cleanest bathrooms out of every airport I have been to!. Go sit down and take a load off....
Dieser Airport ist fur einer der Schonsten und Gemutlichsten. Hier ist alls sehr gut und Ubersichtlich. Es gibt sehr viele Hinweisschilder zu allen moglichen Punkten. Also verirren kann man sich hier nicht. Das Angebot des Gastronomie ist gut und vom Preis noch Akzeptabel. Auch toll finde ich die ganz vielen Schaukelstuhle die hier in den Hallen zum verweilen einladen, so wird die evtl.Wartezwie auf den Anschlussflug sehr verkurzt. Wir bevorzugen zum Umsteigen Charlotte anstelle von Philadelphia auf dem Weg nach z.B. Florida.
While airports in general are not my destinations of choice, this one isn't half bad.  It's clean, there's decent places to eat, and there's plenty of shops to browse to pass the time.  Another reviewer referred to this airport as "upscale" and while it's a little bizarre I kind of agree.  I'd much rather be stuck here than some other airports any day.
Layover on way home, more places to eat than I've seen!
I flew through the airport twice in one weekend, once in the early morning, once in the late evening. I flew through on a connecting flight, so keep in mind that I never got to see anything between the ticket counters and metal detectors.. . Overall, the airport is very clean, doesn't smell weird, and the staff is very courteous. They are really great about helping out people who have limited mobility.. . The center section (the "hub" area from which the gates extend) is really nice - I love the window wall and the rocking chairs that are lined up perfectly for people watching, book reading, and relaxing. The chairs are right across from the famous piano, and I actually had a relaxing, great time rocking and listening to a volunteer pianist play. At one point a traveler joined her and sang along (talentedly ;) The floors are tile and there are a lot of high tables where you can sit and eat. The second floor is kind of like a mini upper-loft kind of thing and there are a few rocking chairs up there are well that nobody seems to know about; these face the center hub area and the glass wall so you can sit up there and watch the planes taxi up to the gates. I liked that I could be in that area and have it not feel like an airport.. . I thought the airport was small enough that walking around the different areas to the shops and food wasn't bad at all. I'd feel perfectly comfortable, if I had an hour layover, to walk from one end to the other and order (fast) food if I was craving food from an establishment on the other side. I never encountered any lines at any of the bathrooms as they're really really big and are easily accessible.
Actually this is one of my favorite airports. I like the fact that there are rocking chairs in all the terminals for use by weary passengers. The food selection in the main area is not bad as well as some of the offerings in the different terminals. Flights are usually pretty much on time unless there is a major thunderstorm passing through the area.. . I chose to travel on an airline other than USAIR, which "owns" this place, and everything went quite well. The airport is very clean and everyone is courteous. Not a bad place to spend time between flights.
You gotta love the Puddle Skipper. Charlotte is so cool. Coming on Jet Blue is easy and no lag or drag getting in. . . This is a nice Airport and certainty a simple place getting into and out. . . I wish there was more like Charlotte meaning the Airport Service Schedule.
This is one of my favorite airports. It's warm and fuzzy with it's rocking chairs. It's big... but not a zoo. Easy to navigate and a great airport to layover in in between flights!
Charlotte Douglas is a pretty impressive place.  This airport served as our layover between LAX and Nassau so my experience is a bit limited to those combined 3ish hours I spent there.  Food options were aplenty.  Everything from Carolina BBQ to Pinkberry to sushi and Cinnabon, there was something for everyone.  Shopping also isn't too shabby.  Can't comment on check in or TSA but it's easy to get around and people are friendly....and theres rocking chairs!
Like most airports free WiFi is available.   This airport is pretty busy.  There are people everywhere so at times you are almost tripping over other people while trying to get from one gate to the other.   They have a pretty descent main food court and good eateries in every concourse.  The unique things about this airport,  at least to me,  were the fact that they had a guy playing the piano in the food court for tips.   Also,  they have rocking chairs lining the windows so you can get a good dose of sunshine while you sit and wait.   However,  be prepared to have to fight for a rocking chair.  The last unique thing were these cool attachments to the water fountains that were specifically designed to make it easier for you to fill almost any size water bottles.
CLT is my go to airport! Living in the Triad PTI doesn't really have that many options to work with so often times I have to drive on over to Charlotte. I like that the airport is all one building no need to take a tram or bus anywhere, which is key if this is your layover spot. This place is always packed though! Just masses and masses of people to walk through, with that being said they are pretty good with making sure their security lines don't get too crazy and they have a lot of checkpoints open. As far as food goes it's your standard airport fare nothing really above the standard. I do enjoy the Cinnabon and Jamba Juice. . . As with most airports people think it is okay to just park in the arrivals area so sometimes waiting out there for your ride can be a bit of a mess with all the cars parked everywhere. Departures can get pretty backed up too, just because it is the drop off area for all airlines so it's a lot of people moving through.. . US Airways is my jam at this airport. They have the flights I need! For some reason they love to have the four flights at the end of terminal C all leave within ten minutes of each other, that always causes some confusion and is quite the cluster. To their credit and the airports credit of the 30 or so flights I have taken out of Charlotte in the last three years only two of them have been seriously delayed.
Pretty normal airport , I flew out on a Tuesday morning expecting long security lines that they are notorious for but got through security in about 15 mins. I'm sure leaving on a Monday or Fri would include a very long wait. Overall check in boarding and the general airport were great . I flew US Airways which is the major hub down there and didn't' have any issues.. I did like the bathroom attendant I was there pretty early and had a few Starbucks drinks so I made quite a lot of trips to the bathroom before my flight. She was super nice and friendly . . My only issue is the baggage claim , my flight was only an hour but I had to wait about 35-45 mins for my bags ! Oh also can't forget about the parking situation , it appears they are doing construction but I would add in an extra hour after you land for baggage retrieval and waiting on a bus to get back to your car. The long term buses seemed to come around a lot more than the daily parking.
One of the cleanest, friendliest, efficiently operated airports in eastern United States. Plenty of oversized rocking chairs with great views of the airport and downtown Charlotte.
The people here are pretty helpful. You have a pretty big choice selection of places to eat. The stock car cafe is always a good bet and then there's always bojangles for fried chicken.
I had no problems navigating the hallways of this airport at all. The only reason this airport lost a star is because I'm a smoker. In order to smoke here, you have to go all the way outside, bang a left and go to the end of the building. This would not be an issue except that now you have to go back in through the security checkpoints. Can we say "pain in the neck"? However, I was literally the only person in line. Also, the supervisors answered a question I had about A TSA guideline, and did so with a sense of humor!
Great airport: easy to navigate.  Decent selection of eateries and shops. Always clean.
CLT.   Depends on your carrier but there is some nice food options. It's been upgraded recently, funny the best food is on the domestic piers and the international piers have the least to offer. The First Flight Sushi is great, US has two lounges B and C
Great Airport for flying in and out of!  Great central food court with your choice of something for everyone!  Walking traffic seems to flow well here!  Never yet delayed (probably jinxed it) with the 10+ times I've flown in here but I've never had a bad experience here! . . Giddyup CLT!
I really like this airport.. Free wifi everywhere and cool little rocking chairs to sit in while u surf and people watch. It's well laid out (easy to get to all your gates) and a central, easy toe reach, area offering BBQ among other standard eats.  It is clean and well-maintained too.
I love this airport for connecting flights.  it is large and clean and I have experienced fewer delays here than say Phili or DC.   I've connected here for both Orlando and for Dallas on multiple occasions and I find the flights to be consistent.
Rocking. Chairs. . . Do yourself a favor, if you must have a layover, have it at CLT. While you rock yourself to sleep like a grandma (ain't no shame in that), bust out your Pandora, because the WiFi is free, and slowly fall asleep in your melting cup of gelato. . . Once you've woken from your salted caramel gelato slumber, head over to the attended restrooms where a sweet southern woman will hand you napkins and tell you the confection makeover simply makes you look more tan. She will not mean it, but it will make you feel better anyway.* **. . I recommend hitting the nail spa in the D-E terminal after you have freshened up. They have a great selection of polishes and the women do a great job. I'm always pleasantly surprised when I get a good mani outside of my go-to salons. I have no idea why. It isn't like my nail girls go to a special school to learn how to please me specifically. I'm a cliche mani receiver. I like the massage, the cuticle treatment and the hot towel same as everyone else. Anyway this salon is open until 10pm, so even you redeye jetsetters can get your digits done right before the flight. . . After your tips are dried, I recommend a snack and glass of wine at Beaudevin. It would be easy to stop at Chili's because Chili's is RIGHT THERE and comfortable and you know it by heart, but don't. Do yourself a favor and get a charcuterie platter and hummus. It's good food, and not just by airport standards. . . Then I recommend catching your flight, because as awesome as CLT is, home is (hopefully) the better place to be.. . *Not a first-hand account of my experience. . **Yes it is
I really like the Charlotte Douglas International Airport. It's a clean airport with many (many) places to shop and eat - and the food choices are good. If you have a layover here I think your experience will be a good one.
Nice airport. I connected to TPA coming from YYZ. I was in concourse C for about an hour, which was just enough time to grab a bite and board my next flight. It was my first time flying to the US and it's good thing I didn't have to clear customs in Charlotte.
TSA Pre in place. Smallish, easy airport to navigate. I can't speak to connections as I have only flown in and out of here. The process is extremely easy as far as that goes. Baggage came out in timely fashion. As for departure, process again, very easy. TSA were nice and professional.. . Gates are very convenient to get to.. . Once through security, there are plenty of choices for food and beverages.. . Rental cars are a short bus ride, not bad at all.
I can't speak for going through TSA, because this is always a transfer spot for me, but changing planes, and finding your next gate, is a breeze!! When given the option, I always choose Douglas when planning a flight with a layover.
As a frequent flyer that often finds himself on US Airways - I am very familiar with Chalotte Douglas International Airport.  In my opinion it is one of the easiest most well equipped airports in the country.. . First off all the gates are pretty close to each other and to add to the ease of use, their are moving platofmrs throughout the major travel pathways.  Beyond that, the seating areas are filled with locations to charge my ever growing collection of electronic components.. . Next for me is the food situation.  This place is stellar.  If you look at my other reviews the Jamba Juice, Wine Bar and Burger Bar are all major standouts.  That being said their is a pretty decent mexican concept in the form of Salsarita's as well as decent BBQ.  . . Beyond that their is ample massage, clothes and services to execute everything you need.. . Lastly, the delightfully southern white rocking chairs and oaks growing inside the main atrium create a wonderful ambiance to pass the time.
Traveling through this airport was a surprisingly pleasant experience. . . Everyone was friendly.  Food was decent.  Plus they have water bottle refilling fountains, free wi fi, and rocking chairs.
This used to be my main airport when I lived in Charlotte. Now I only see it every once in a while. . . Pros:. Free internet. Those rocking chairs!. Many quick food options. Going through security is usually quick. . Cons:. It has really expanded into a very busy airport, it is way more crowded than it was 4 years ago. Too many people for my liking.. It is the hub for US Airways and thus flights in and out are frequently delayed, as I have experienced too many times to count on this airline. I have never experienced so many delays as at CLT.. Sit down stay awhile options are limited. It used to be worse but they have added some. My favorite now is Bad Daddy burgers. Yum!
CLT, I've got no beef with you. You are bright, clean and easy to navigate... which is what I look for in a connector. Although I haven't made you an actual destination... maybe some day friend. . . My plane always leaves from the same gate... so no guesswork about which concourse or running to hop a train to get there. I appreciate the free wifi if I'm traveling for business and in a pinch, there are some decent food options.  I saw you have some shopping as well, although, for the life of me, (besides a little last minute forgot to get you something souvenir, guilty pleasure mag to read on the plane, or my luggage was lost and I need clothes now) I don't know who shops in an airport. I will not be that person on the plane with a carry on, purse and armload of shopping bags taking up all the valuable overhead storage. You're welcome! :). . I did get stuck here once, but it wasn't your fault a massive snowstorm was hitting DC. I quickly got out of there and into a hotel, to return the next morning super early... and even though everyone else was doing the same thing... it really wasn't THAT bad.. . I'll pick you over ATL if I have a choice, any day. I am also a fan of your rocking chairs, with convenient plug ins close by and the bathroom attendants. There is just something about those melt-in-your-mouth peppermints. And really did the trees too.
Oh Charlotte, I fly you once a year, during Thanksgiving and I'm the one who gets in before all the amateurs (or that's what I try to do at least).  I love you more now that you have SWA flying through you.  I just hate trying to have to eyeball which security gate to go through because certain checkpoints are always busy as all heck.. . Having the food court right outside security is kind of awkward and gets crowded.  I appreciate the free wifi and the fact that it's not insane to try and navigate.  Rocking chairs for those who like them.  In terms of drop off/ pick up, during high flight arrivals, it's insanely busy traffic wise....that needs fixed
Came here for a few connecting flights.  Nice, big and very clean airport.  Lots of places to choose from for food and drinks they even had a guy playing a piano at one of the more expensive restaurants.  It was easy to get around from terminal to terminal as well.
