Mon Ami Gabi wasn't originally part of the plan during our 3 day Vegas jaunt. However, in killing time before meeting friends at the Palms our tummies let us know it was time to get some pre-drinking eats in. And lo and behold Mon Ami Gabi appeared out of the corner of the Paris Hotel & Casino lobby like a mirage. (Actually my buddy has been raving about this place since our arrival, but her salespitch couldn't deter us away from other eateries such as N9NE.). . We arrived shortly after 10pm and was seated right away. We were offered our choice of indoor or outdoor sitting, but since it was Dec 28, we opted for inside and got a great view of the Bellagio.. . Being our 2nd meal of the evening we ordered two appetizers and a glass of Rose and MAG's very own Pinot Noir (pretty damn good). . . The chicken liver mousse was good, especially when paired with the 'burgundy red wine mustard' which seemed to be regular Dijon mustard with a hint of red wine. My only issue with this dish is the pate to toast ratio. The pate slab was very generous compared to the accompanying 4 toast wedges. . . The frisee salad was what I was waiting for and was disappointed when the server came back to tell us they were all out of frisee. I didn't want any of the other salads on the menu so I asked him if they can substitute the frisee with arugula, endive or even mixed greens (something similar in nuttiness). When the dish arrived the croutons, bacon bits and poached egg were sitting a-top a mountain of romaine!!. Boo-hoo sadness!!!  But after a bite, the disappointment was gone. The dish was delicious and I just may ask to have the salad made with romaine for future visits. . . All in all a great dining experience. The Pinot was great, as with the savory food coupled with great company and the extraordinary view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains.  And might I add, a better dining experience than N9NE.
okay, it might not be the best french inspired restaurant around but it offers some of the best views of bellagio and has the shorted wait time for a table than any other restaurant inside the Paris hotel. . . the mussels are average. the prime sandwich is average. the crab salad sandwich was fair. but the scallops are AWESOME. . . for you cocktail lovers, they also have a great cocktail menu to sip on while enjoying the fountain show at the bellagio.
Came here for New Years Eve brunch.  So glad we made reservations because there was a two hour wait!  I ordered a mimosa and the onion soup and boy was that the richest most delicious onion soup I've ever had!  The boyfriend had sangria and lamb sandwich and it too did not fail.  The prices were great and the view was spectacular.  It was freezing in Vegas but they had many heat lamps on the patio so that you can enjoy your meal shiver free and have a great view of The Bellagio fountains.  Will definitely come back again!
We've eaten here twice while visiting Vegas.  This last time was within the past week.  We made reservations for lunch and were seated outside.  The waitress was friendly and attentive.  We ordered the country pate plate for an appetizer and I ordered a quiche while my husband ordered a sandwich.  I enjoyed the quiche but thought the sandwich was lacking a bit...then again I'm not a huge sandwich fan.  Anyhow the bread and butter is always yummy and I do recommend the quiche which was delicious.  The pate was okay but I didn't know that the country pate was more on the chunkier side, so if you like a more mousse like pate then maybe try the chicken liver one.
From Wikipedia, "Snail is a common name for almost all members of the molluscan class Gastropoda that have coiled shells in the adult stage. When the word is used in a general sense, it includes sea snails, land snails and freshwater snails. Otherwise snail-like creatures that lack a shell (or have only a very small one) are called slugs.". . Snails, or in the case of Mon Ami Gabi, escargot were NEVER something I thought I'd let cross my lips... until after a few too many mimosas, I got teased into ordering them here.. . They were, in a single word, outstanding.  (I do suppose, however, that anything is superb when prepared with enough butter and garlic.)  . . The rest of my brunch here was also spectacular but it paled in comparison to my experience trying snail.. . Like everyone else said:  beautiful views of the Bellagio fountains, etc.. . I will certainly return here many times.
The Hot on Yelp list has yet to steer me wrong. The buffet line at the Bellagio was too long, so we looked for the closest alternative without a long wait.. . Lunch was amazing starting with warm baked bread and butter, and awesome smoked salmon and brioche and capers. We had the steak frites, ordered medium rare, but it came out closer to medium well. The waiter gave us two sauces. The blue cheese sauce was nicely buttery, but be sure to break up large chunks of cheese for a more blended flavor. The second sauce were caramelized onions in a nice, but powerful red wine sauce. Tip: Pour blue cheese sauce over steak and fish out onions to top your cut gives you the flavor of the soaked in wine sauce, but it doesn't overpower the dish. The frites reminded me of chip like fries, thin and crunchy like chips, shaped like fries. The thyme seared salmon was beautifully cooked, moist and topped over a bed of orzo spinach and peas.. . The cocktails are delicious, yet strong. The Nutty Russian was my first drink of the day, but by the end of it, I was close to drunk. But then again at $12.95 for one, I better be drunk after.. . Overall, with a view of the Bellagio water works and plenty of people watching, it was a pleasant meal and I'm definitely coming back to try the mussels in herbs and white wine sauce. The table next to us inhaled it!
As a belated birthday present, I wantedto take my sister to a nice restaurant of her choice.  She read about Mon Ami Gabi and wanted to try their breakfast so we made our reservation via Open Table for December 27th at 10 AM.  When I made the reservation, there was a box I could write a note to the Maitra D'.  I wrote we're celebrating my sister's belated birthday and she wanted to have the breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi.  Hoping we could order a dessert and I could ask them for a candle or something for her but when we get there, we're never asked about it at all. . . We were there a few minutes early.  I don't know how long she's been working for that day but the hostess at the door wasn't very welcoming and didn't even crack a smile.  The popular patio was wide open and it was a very nice morning so we decided to have a table out there.  She took us to the very end of patio where nobody was around, even though only less than 20% of tables were occupied at the patio.  It was still chilly and the heating pole wasn't lit yet.  When we asked her about it, she said it should be turned on soon and she left.  I was worried if our first experience at Mon Ami Gabi would be like her, stuck up with a horrible attitude.  However our waitress came immediately after the hostess left and told us this spot would be too cold for us and the heating pole was not working so she moved us to the right in the center where we're surrounded by three working heating poles.  If I were a manager or the owner of the restaurant, I would hire someone at least smiles for the "greeting" hostess.  I say the first impression is very important.. . Unlike the unfriendly hostess at the door, our waitress was fantastic.  She was very friendly and attentive, she made the rest of our M.A.G. experience so much better.. . The coffee was pretty good, not too weak but not too strong or bitter.  Their fresh squeezed orange juice was also good.  I've ordered their crab eggs benedict with breakfast potatoes and my sister ordered chicken and cheese crape.  When I saw my eggs benedict's potion, I was not sure if it would fill my big tummy but it did.  I didn't see the big chunk of crab meat but it sure did taste like crab and the buttery home fries (breakfast potatoes) were tasty too.  My sister's crape had some brie cheese in it and had a very elegant taste.  . . We're too full to order any desserts but I still wished if they asked me if I wanted to do something for my sister. . . By the end of our breakfast, the patio tables were completely full.  It was too early for Bellagio's fountain show but still it was fun to watch people who past by.  At least we had three or four people who shouted "Viva Las Vegas!" or something like that during our 1.5 hrs or so dining time and I thought there were more variety of fun and wacky people out there than my hometown Los Angeles.     . . The food was good if not exceptionally great.  With the patio seating and the great service we've got from our waitress, we'll be back for breakfast or lunch.
I decided to try Mon Ami Gabi after there was such high ratings from Yelp Reviewers. I can see why! . . First off I had their French Onion Soup, the cheese they use is absolutely fantastic. I don't know how to describe it, but the soup was delicious and the cheese just complemented it so well!. . It was the second best onion soup I've ever had. The first was a place in 4 star restaurant in Mexico. . . I then had the croque madame which was nicely priced compared to other places in Las Vegas. It can be a little oily for those that are a little more health conscious. . . The only beef I had was that their Frites were really oily. I could literally feel the oil gush out from them and so I didn't eat a lot of them. . . The service was friendly, people were attentive and ensure that the experience went pleasantly. . . If given the chance, I would go back andeat there again.
LOVE this place - get a seat outside for a view of the Bellagio fountains, but be prepared to wait as they don't take reservations for outdoor seating.  I enjoy brunch here the most, but dinner is great too.  Fabulous french onion soup!
Got the special lunch plate of the day.  I wasn't a huge fan of it, and our waitress no questions asked, took it back, brought me out the chicken club and the french onion soup(really good also).  The location is great, I enjoy people watching and if you got a seat outside you can enjoy the nice weather(non-summer).
I always come to Mon Ami Gabi for at least 1 dinner with a large group of at least 10 or more and we are all never disappointed!. Always a good meal without the Vegas hype or sky high prices!!
Mon Ami Gabi is a quaint French restaurant, located in Paris Resort and Casino. It was a bit far from the center of the strip ~10 minutes walking. The decorum of the restaurant was very cute and resembles a modern cafe in France. Casual and delicious! . . Service was OK in that there seemed to be no designated waiter per table so you had to flag one down to ask for the check. However, they did refill our glasses multiple times, so I can't complain. Bottled or sparkling water are complimentary. . . I recommend coming for brunch, which is only offered on weekends. Their lunch menu is very limiting but it is still possible to pick out some interesting and tasty dishes. If you have never had escargot, I would recommend trying it at Mon Ami Gabi because it is not as slimy (which may seem revolting).. . I came here on weekday afternoon. We started with the Escargots de Bourgognewhich is oven roasted snails cooked in garlic herb butter. I believe this is true, butter makes EVERYTHING tastes good. ;) I like escargot and this dish made me like it more. If I had a larger group and a bigger appetite, I would have tried more dishes from their Hors D'Oeuvres because it truly gives you a taste of authentic french cuisine. I would recommend Country Style Pate, Chicken Liver Mousse, Sea Scallops Gratinees  and Oysters Du Jour if you're feeling adventurous.. . For lunch, their offerings are predominantly, sandwiches, crepes, salads and steak frites (which is essentially steak with thinly cut fries).. For brunch, I have heard good things about their french toast, pancakes, crepes and eggs benedicts. . . The two of us ordered the Croque Madame and Seafood Crepe for entrees. Croque Madame was fine but the seafood crepe was show-stopper. First of all, the crepe was buttery and thin, strewn over with a bechamel cream sauce. The shrimps and scallops were fresh, tender and sweet. And the combination of textures and flavors satiated my palate. Definitely recommended!. . Overall, I enjoyed Mon Ami Gabi and will come back next time for their brunch. Our check came out for ~$17 pp, which was reasonable compared to how much we ate. Also, they provide complimentary, fresh-baked french baguettes. Love!
I've always wanted to enjoy brunch at a french bistro/cafe with my closest friends full of good food. Check! I found this place and my friend raved about the French onion soup. I shared a ham&cheese crepe and french onion soup and we couldn't finish it! The crepe was huge for about $10. The french onion soup was about $8 and topped with melted cheese on top (torched). Towards the end, the flavors became a little overwhelming with all the salty taste. Regardless, just don't overeat here and try to share dishes to get the most of what they offer!
They seated us in the indoor patio area (in view of the Bellagio fountain!), nice ambience and great service!!.  . . Their French onion soup was very good,  We also got their potatoes gaufrettes with side of blue cheese dipping sauce, the blue cheese dipping sauce tasted really fresh and surprisingly light.  Their side of frites (or fries) was interesting, they're cut into short slivers and fried, while crispy, it would have been nice to have the fries be a bit more substantial since they tasted like leftover frites at the bottom of the bag.. . The highlight for me was their crepe with chicken and apples (all sliced evenly and thinly for the perfectly distributed bite).  It was a generous portion, served with a creamy, white sauce to dip all the goodness into.  Their frisee salad with bacon and a soft-poached egg was delicious too!!!  The egg was perfectly poached!!
As good as it gets in Vegas for people watching paired with great food and excellent service.  The outdoor patio is the place to be anytime of year,  heaters when it's cool and misters in the heat let you enjoy the views of the Bellagio fountains as well as the variety of strip goers.  Can't miss with the French Onion soup.
The $$ (it's $$$) is completely inaccurate and whoever voted for that was either ordering a sandwich and/or too wasted to realize what they were paying.. . That being said, I did enjoy my visit here, although not what I expected, price aside. The place was dimly lit, nice on a date, not so nice if you'd like to do some work or read (I read the reviews saying casual). I started with a mixed green salad which came with a nice light vinaigrette but the greens could have been cut down to a bite size so I didn't have to feel like a rabbit. For my entree, I had the special for the night which was a half roast duck in sweet sauce.  The hint of licorice was a nice touch and added some kick to an otherwise standard dish. However, the half duck was just that, and you will need experience as a butcher to cut through it in a non-insane way.. . The server was polite despite my odd appearance, trying to catch up on some reading in a dimly lit restaurant. There was the added bonus of having a magical experience with the Bellagio water show out the window. I can recall a local telling me, "yeah, we got culture, the Bellagio water show" - ehhh, maybe not so much...but cute anyhow.
I came here for brunch on a Saturday and had tea, croissants, and their eggs benedict. The eggs were delicious! They were made just right and served over a large slab of Canadian bacon and a large, perfectly toastedEnglish muffin drizzled with Hollandaise sauce. There were two, and was accompanied by hash browns, which I loved. They were the perfect crisp and saltiness. I definitely want to go back and try their other menu items.
We were there for new year's eve dinner. Outdoor seating for 15 people, they were really nice to take our reservation the morning of. It's a $110/ person set menu not including drinks. Yea...a little on the pricey side, but the location and view is great! The food is not bad either, the waitress was awesome! She made our night!!!! Would def. go back again anytime!
Very nice location and ambiance on the patio.  Even though it was cold, the heaters keep you toasty warm!  Great views of Bellagio Fountains in the evening and good people watching!  . . Food was very good, not the best but certainly good.  Two entrees and 2 glasses of bubbly and our bill was only $70.  Good, attentive service and food recommendations.  Can't beat the value!!
It was late and the husband and I hadn't eaten dinner yet.  I was fearful that we wouldn't find a thing considering it was prime time dinner time in Vegas on one of the busiest (for weddings) weekends of the year (10/10/10).. . Mon Ami Gabi, is not only fun to say, but is a casual french-style dining experience.  The menu had all sorts of good red meat choices: steaks and whatnot; and some onion soup, etc.  But the pricing seemed ... eh ... a little high.  But whatever, we managed to get a seat at the teeny bar (seats 6-8) and talked it up with the bar guy, really cool dude.. . This is going to sound boring, but Dave and I ordered the onion soup and shared a burger (we did not intend to go all out this night), which was the perfect choice for the bar seating, right?  Heck yes. The burger was simple in its presentation, nothing out of the ordinary, but the cooking temp and size and vehicle were stupendous and delicious!  So juicy and came with some great skinny frites (those French!!).
What a people watching place to eat in Vegas!  Sit outside and watch the march of tourists, Elvis impersonators, Jack Sparrow with parrot, drunken locals, and more. The Bellagio water show is directly across the street  and this is a  spectacular vantage point to watch the show from.. . I enjoyed a delicious glass of Sauvignon Blanc from their very large wine list along with a delicious Steak Classic with Frites.  All done perfect!. . As I am writing this, the water cannons are blowing once again from the Bellagio fountains!  One of the best in Vegas!
The best part of this restaurant is that most seatings will pit you right in front of the Bellagio water show. Romantic, but without suffering from the pish and posh you get from a snooty upscale restaurant. . . Bread as an appetizer, and both my hot girlfriend and I both had meat from their steak frites section. While I can't say it was a life changing experience, it was definitely above par. I don't believe this is a steak centered establishment, since the palm frites was clearly a show stealer. An absolutely perfect addition to the food, and a definite winner.. . Romantic, not terribly expensive, and the staff were accommodating even when we were late.
I had my bday brunch here.  The decor was a classic/ trendy tavern.  Everyone's dish was impressively presented.  . . I ordered the Lump Crab salad sandwich which was so good!! But the mussels are highly recommended.. . I'll come back again!!!
One of the best places to eat in Las Vegas, Mon Ami Gabi is the perfect restaurant whether its only you and your significant other, or a group of 8! I came here with a group of friends for my boyfriend's 30th birthday. We had made reservations ahead of time through their website and noted that we were celebrating his birthday and requested a table near the windows so that we would have a view of the Bellagio fountains.. . When we got to the restaurant, we were seated immediately and got a wonderful table inside by the window and the view was amazing! On a side note, if the weather permits it, it is definitely worth it to wait for a table on the outside patio. The restaurant does NOT reserve these outdoor tables, so it is on a first-come-first-serve basis. But you can still request a table inside with a view.. . Fresh french bread was brought with some creamed butter and a little bit of something that resembled a reddish pink coleslaw, but it was so tasty with the bread! I ordered a caraffe of the Frangria (so delicious) and a bottle of Perrier water for the table, and my boyfriend ordered a separate glass of wine. For appetizers, my boyfriend and I shared a shrimp cocktail. Our friends ordered a Caesar salad and a French onion soup that had the cheesiest layer of cheese baked right on top!. . I ordered the steak classique rare. My boyfriend ordered the sea scallops, and our other friend ordered the beef bourguignon. One thing I noticed when they served the beef bourguignon was that the server kept the noodles and beef stew separate and spooned the stew on top of the noodles at our table. It looked and tasted so rich and beefy and stewy! Everything looked fantastic! I have to admit that my steak was a little hard to cut and was chewy, but it was because I had ordered it rarer than usual. The finely cut pommes frites were also a perfect addition to my steak. At the end of it all, we decided to get dessert at another place just to explore more sweet options, but the waitress brought us a complimentary profiterole, a pastry that was filled with ice cream  and topped with a candle for my boyfriend! Next time I am definitely staying after dinner for an artisan cheese platter or a creme brulee. . Mon Ami Gabi's prices were another big reason I chose to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday there. The prices are very fair for the quality of food, service, and experience you get and also low enough to not break the bank or feel guilty that one of your friends could only afford a glass of water. I will definitely be returning to Mon Ami Gabi to celebrate my birthday!. . Although the service was awesome, the view was phenomenal, and the food tasted great, we still had one gripe: being a very classic French bistro, there simply was not enough food on the plates for both my very American boyfriend and his friend. They ended up leaving and buying a hamburger right after dinner haha! So I recommend Mon Ami Gabi if you and your date aren't too hungry, or with a group of girls. But if you're not into French restaurants with relatively smaller portions, head for the Bellagio Buffet across the street. : )
4.2 stars.. . If you're going to come here, be sure to get a seat outside (if it's nice outside) or a seat by the window. You'll have a good view of the Bellagio fountain. Also, if you're at a good table, you'll have a good place to people-watch because the restaurant itself is on a prime location on the Vegas strip. If this place is expensive to you, then it's probably because of the location of the restaurant.. . As far as food, all I got was the Onion Soup and the Escargot. The Onion Soup was good but I've had better Escargot. The free bread they provide was also pretty tasty.. . Overall, my experience here was good and I'd come back, especially since it's a central location on a strip and the food is good.. . Lastly, our server was kind of creepy.
I was in Las Vegas for a convention and staying at the Aria. After days of hotel food compliments of our hosts, I was really craving something spectacular. The reviews sounded promising, so we decided to give it a try. The ambiance and view were great - right across from the Bellagio fountains. We got to see the water show every 15 minutes which was fun. It was freezing out but the heat lamps kept us warm enough. Service there is top notch and we loved our waiter.. . As for food, we ordered two bowls of the french onion soup. I thought it was okay but I've had better. I liked that they used gruyere cheese but I thought that there was just way too much cheese and that the soup was a bit salty for my taste. . . As an appetizer we ordered the Chicken Pate. This by far was my favorite for the night. The little pickles and bread they served with the Pate complimented it just perfectly. . . For the entree, I had the filet mignon which was tender and flavorful but not the best filet I've had. The sauce was pretty good and I enjoyed myself. . . Top this off with a glass of Merlot and good company - recipe for a wonderful evening. I would definitely bring some friends back here for dinner again. I'll have to try other items on their menu but I'm definitely ordering the Pate again!
Nice to eat out in the warm weather. . . Been to Vegas many many times and I've never stopped here but its always crowded. One of our friends ate here on their recent trips and said they enjoyed it a lot. . . Glad I came here on a recent trip I took! . . The wait was not long at all, they said 15-20 min est, but it was more like 10min and that went the same for the people ahead of us. . . The service was awesome, or server was a guy and he offered us clubbing info too, who to talk to if we needed a hook to get in the clubs etc. AWESOME!! . . We ordered the scallop appetizer, steak fritte, and bake cheese. . . Scallop appetizer come in quantity of three, and is covered with cheese and grilled onion. This dish was good, but i was just sick of cheese and grilled onion by the time I got to it. I was expecting more scallops but its ok, it's Vegas, you get what you paid for. . . The bake cheese was extremely to die for. It was covered in this red tomato soup sauce. I would just come back for this dish alone. . . Steak Fritte. Steak was extremely tender and yummy! It also comes with a generous size portion of grilled onions. . . Will come back again the next time I'm in vegas!
Note: Get a Mojito Maison that will butter you up in true French fashion with St. Germain, 10 Cane rum, and champagne because.... . ...it's either a hit or miss here.  I've been to Mon Ami a few times, and have had a range of experiences, anything ranging from 1 star to 5 stars, it's probably an average of 3.5 stars.. . Pros: rich duck liver moose, flavorful apple tart tatin, crispy hand-cut frites, terrace strip-view dining in the spring time facing the Bellagio fountains, pavilion seating facing the Bellagio fountains, potential attentive waiter, potential sweet hostess.. . Cons: mediocre steak au poivre, tourist crowds, pesky pagers, small bar with none-existent standing room, poor wine choices, potential rude hostess.
Our party of 4 enjoyed a very nice table with Sean as our waiter. The warm olives and potato chips were excellent appetizers. I enjoyed my recommended filet mignon au poivre. Two others enjoyed the bolognaise. Overall a good choice for dinner.
The food is solid french bistro faire, but the view of the Bellagio fountains, the restaurant decor, exceptional service, and decent prices are what really make this place.  . . Loved the baked cheese app, the bread pudding dessert and our attentive and friendly server.
After checking in at Paris we wandered down to Mon Ami Gabi which came recommended by a co-worker. It was only in the 40s so we wisely chose inside seating with a view of the Bellagio fountains. . . After looking at the first wine list that I'd seen with Cali Wines more expensive than French ones, we settled in with a nice red Bordeaux.. . Our appetizers included escargot which was a bit heavy on the parsley and WA State Oysters which had a much different, not bad, flavor profile then the Atlantic oysters I enjoy back home. . . Our steaks were very tender and cooked perfectly medium rare. . . We were running late for a show so our server offered coffee in a to go cup.. . The service was attentive, but not overbearing, the food good and the prices not bad for an on-strip restaurant.
Went out to dinner last night around 7 pm and it was a bit crowded but they had room for 2. Bigger parties, make a reservation  or wait 45 minutes. . . I had the Steak Frites Classique and the meat was really good. The "frites" which in French means fries were actually more like fries/chips...I was looking forward to the fries I grew up eating in France (they do taste differently than McDonald's!) unfortunately they have their special fries I guess. They were good but I was expecting something else.. My friend had the chicken and fries, and the chicken was good but not exceptional. I would definitely recommend getting the steak, it's their specialty I think. . . A bit on the pricey side, with 3 small cheeses on a plate for $15.00! And the cocktail/ drink are on average $15.00 too so if you can wait..dine here but drink somewhere else. . Service was great, they check on you but not too much that you want to tell your waiter ' here's $5.00 if you leave me alone for the rest of my dinner!'. . . But overall despite the prices the food overall was definitely a 4, the service was a 5 and the atmosphere was also a 5. No music too loud etc..good setting and if you eat on the terrace you have a view on the Bellagio Fountain.
A great place to have some good food and people watch on the strip.
Great Sunday morning breakfast. . . We normally like going to the Paris buffet but with the cost for sunday brunch around $30 now we thought our money was better spent on smaller cheaper dishes. We got there around 9:30ish and got seated outside right away. Not 10 minutes later there was a line waiting for tables outside.. . We shared the cornbeef hash with poached eggs, which was very good, but having it served in a bowl-ish pooled up the oil in the dish. The wife got the bacon/chocolate waffles which is by far more tasty than a crepe. Served with syrup, fresh whip cream, and chocolate sauce.. . All very tasty and all for around 1 entrance into the buffet.
In peu de Paris en Vegas...Viva France. The view from this outside patio area is one of the most fabulous in VEGAS IF you are into the STRIP!. And I am.. We were there during the day.. I am sure the nighttime view is beyond amazing considering you are directly across from the fountains from the Bellagio.... Not possible to make reservations for the patio. First come first seated.. go at an off time, sign up and YES you can wait just outside the front doors and the "buzzer" still works, even though they say it doesn't.... I loved the mussels with the fries, and the huge French Onion Soup with melted cheese.. My GF had the Salmon Salad, perfect.. Not cheap, but well worth the quality food, good service and magnificent view
TIP: Sit outside! You get to sit next to the strip and see the Belagio hotel right across the street. I can imagine how beautiful it must be for dinner service.. . Hubby and I had been pondering about a breakfast buffet in Vegas but opted out since we didn't want to spend $25-$35 at Paris buffet this time around. Well I got the sweet dish: fresh-made crispy waffles served with bacon in the mix with chocolate sauce on the side. Is your mouth watering yet? The waffle was satisfying but it wasn't the best waffle I've had. (Bouchon chicken and waffles are still my favorite.) The hubby opted for the savory dish which consisted of his favorite item: corned beef hash. Luckily for me, I taught my hubby to eat poached eggs and that was also included on top of the hash. Delicious...just add some hot sauce and your set.. . Coffee is refillable and served unlimited. Service was great. Thanks Mon Ami Gabi for an overall great experience.
Not too pricey (for vegas) and great food. Very touristy, but hey what places aren't in Vegas? I had the delicious trout and caesar salad. good wine selection too.
My wife wanted Paris, I wanted brunch, so we settled for Mon Ami Gabi, in the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas.  With a little bit of patients (about 20 minutes for a patio table), we where able to have a lovely brunch overlooking the fountain show at the Bellagio.  I truly feel that the setting made the food a bit better then it really was. it is more like a 3.5 star review but WTF
Good food, great service, fun atmosphere. . . The mussels melt in your mouth. Order extra bread to soak up the delicious wine sauce!  On the specials menu, the Alaskan char was described as somewhere between salmon and trout. Luckily I love both.  It had the flavor of a mild lean salmon filet but the texture of buttery trout.  Served over a potato leek puree, it was delightful.  The portion was enough for two people, but I managed to finish it all.  The garlic spinach was nothing to write home (or here) about.  Sadly, no room for dessert.  The waiter had perfect timing, and was unhurried, friendly, gracious, and helpful.. . Sitting on the patio, the fountains across the street provided spectacular visuals.  In between the choreographed water art, people-watching took center stage.. . My only criticism was the hostesses were a little snotty and the bar service was a bit disorganized.  Arrived about 15 minutes late and they acted very irritated and wouldn't promise seating.  Waited another 15 minutes to get the bartender's attention.  Finally, the restrooms on the casino floor (there were none in the restaurant) were trashed with broken fixtures, paper and garbage everywhere, and a long line.  . . Regardless, I would go back in a heartbeat.. Bon appetit!
A wonderful little restaurant with an unassuming facade, you could literally just walk by it and not even realize what you're missing.. . We came to the Paris in hopes of hitting up the famous buffet at Le Village but when we walked all the way there, we saw that the line to get in was even longer than to ride on Space Mountain.. . Pass.. . And after a night of binge drinking, my boyfriend and I decided that we didn't really want to do the buffet thing anyway. We were way too hungry and lazy and to be honest, just wanted to sit our asses down and be served. So we walked around looking for other places to dine that weren't so packed when we discovered this cute little restaurant hiding in the corner. . . We got an amazing table outside on the patio on the most gorgeous Vegas day. It was already a fantastic start to a delicious meal. The service was great too. Our waitress was very cute and so friendly, she made us feel right at home. . . We started with their Fruit Bouquet, which I had seen on several other tables. It was a beautifully carved cantaloupe filled with melon, grapes and pineapple that came with sides of creme fraiche, mint syrup and brown sugar. YUM. A perfect way to start breakfast. The fruit was so fresh and the little accompaniments paired perfectly. I personally loved the pineapple with the mint syrup and the cantaloupe with the creme fraiche. . . For our entrees my bf chose the Egg, Bacon & Cheese crepe with some added avocado on top. I chose the special Benedict of the day which came with spinach, tomato and bacon on a toasted sourdough muffin with a chive hollandaise. We also had to get a side order of the frites, they just looked so good!. . Everything was absolutely delicious. The crepe was perfectly cooked, really melted in your mouth. The cheese was chewy while the crepe was delicate, and the egg and bacon rounded all the flavors out very nicely. The avocado that my bf added also was a nice touch!. My benedict was very good, the eggs were cooked perfectly which is a huge plus. Almost every benedict I get at a restaurant has over-cooked poached eggs, but these were nice and runny. Mmm! They weren't kidding about the 'toasted' muffin though. Mine was definitely a little more well-done than I would have liked but it was still yummy. I loved the muffin because it had a really distinct sourdough taste that went well with the rest of the Benedict flavors. . . The frites were also tasty. We could barely finish just one order because it was so big. Don't be fooled, it looks all cute and small in that little paper cone but it seems practically bottomless. Keep in mind though these are not typical fries, they are very thinly cut and fried until crispy then topped with a good amount of salt. If you like really crispy potatoes then you will love these. Otherwise, if you want regular french fries don't bother. . . Definitely a great experience for both of us and we were both so lucky to come on such a beautiful day. Will definitely try to come back next time I'm in town!
Good food, service, and ambiance.  The price is right too.  Great place.
This place is pretty awesome.  The view outside of the Bellagio fountains is really really good.  Appetizers and main dishes are great.  I am not a huge fish person, but the fish, especially the special was really tasty.  Service is very good too, our server was super enthusiastic, I wish I could remember her name.  I was horrendously jetlagged but still had a great time.  The place has good food quality, location, and service for the price.  It's not an extremely refined restaurant, but is definitely a great value and worth eating at for dinner.
Went for a coffee and breakfast one early morning. Cool air outside, little noise on the street (YET) and had a wonderful one hour experience. I do not know if I could sit on the patio during lunch or dinner....just too damn much noise from the street.
This is one of my strip favorites.  I've had the pleasure of lunch and dinner and each experience has been delightful.  I enjoy the Hanger steak in the late afternoon...I recommend to go during the 4 o'clock hour or so in the spring season best to wait for patio seating since it is directly across The Bellagio fountain show.  Moreover, the hanger steak is excellent with a side of frites and also paired with nice bodied red wine preferrably a pinot noir.  Don't forget the chicken liver pate prior to the main course!  Also don't hesitate to sit and dine for at least a couple hours, enjoy the scenery and sip on wine. Enjoy!
Fantastic view at night for the fountains @ the bellagio. Affordable food and decent wine selection and thanks to our waitress i asked for a red bordeaux and she recommended me a good one.
Went here for dinner on a Friday night with a group of 12 guys and we all thought it was great.  They accommodated our group without any problem.  Very convenient location at the Paris hotel, right on the Strip.  It's a French steakhouse - which is different than an American or Italian steakhouse.  Basically every steak just comes with frites, and there are limited other options.  I had the filet which was really good.  Only complaint I heard all night was that the lobster tail add-on was pretty small and thus not worth it.  They give everyone fresh French bread when you sit down, which was amazing.  Tons of good French wines available, plus a full bar.  Service was excellent and prices are very good, especially for on the Strip in Vegas.  I'll definitely be coming back in the future!
Ate here in March and love it. This was not our first time and won't be our last.  This is a "must eat" on almost every Vegas trip we make.. . The ambience is great - inside, wonderful dark wood, comfortable. There is also outside patio seating, so you have a view of the Bellagio fountains and the Strip.. . Food - just simply amazing. The trout - awesome!  I had the seared scallops over a bed of pureed califlower and spinch and it was so good.  My DH who does not like scallops, loved them. He had the steak (flat iron I think) and liked it, but regreted not ordering the trout.  They have a duck confit dish that is wonderful as well.. . There wine is reasonably priced and so good.  The bread - amazing. Service great.  I reallyl can't say anything bad - the prices are reasonable too.
The place is aight. The location is pretty good, Paris casino right in front of the Bellagio fountains. We were first at the city center restaurants and everything seemed pretty pricey so of course I yelped restaurants in the area and came across this one. The prices were like a normal restaurant. About $15 a plate. There was a wait for the outdoor area so we just decided to sit inside. The food was good, in my opinion but the others I was with thought it could be better. The other reviews complimented the waiters but ours wasn't that great. We had to ask a busboy for help. It's all good cuz we took it out of his tip :)
The food is simply excellent and true to French bistro fashion. The prices are very reasonable, particularly for Vegas standards and the patio is a great place to sit and enjoy a meal. . . On the minus side, the wait staff is frazzled, so you won't get the attention you should, and the dining room is cramped and very noisy (again, bistro/brasserie style). Still, one of our musts every time we end up in Vegas.
Whoot whoot. While we didn't sit outside on the patio, we sat in there nice atrium in the strong sunshine. It was a nice end of the trip meal.... . They have a Bloody Mary Bar. We sat near it. You order whatever vodka you want and they bring you a huge glass of it. You then take this glass and bring it over to the Bloody Mary Bar. You can choose tomato juice or clamato juice... you can then add an assortment of olives, there are pickled beans, fresh horseradish... oh and they have pepperoni sticks. I saw people walking away with their glasses filled to the brim and with side plates filled with extras. . . After placing our order with our wonderful waiter, he brought us soft baguettes with butter. Our waiter was so friendly and so engaging. He was fairly attentive for a busy Sunday. He made suggestions and knew a lot about the menu. He also brought me refills of coke without me even having to ask. . . We got there during brunch, but I had lunch. Hmm, while my friends ate burgers, eggs benny and corned beef hash, I had the country pate and the warm frisee salad with bacon. Sigh. I could have sat here all day. The pate was really good. It was firm and the top was covered in bacon. It came with some toast, cornichons and a big dollop of grainy mustard. I didn't really need the mustard and shamefully ate most of the pate with my fork. Yum yum. My frisee salad was nicely tossed with the right amount of vinaigrette. I love the soft, runny poached egg. I love breaking that yolk and seeing the golden thickness coat the curly lettuce. Oh, and there is bacon. Yes, and lots of it.
This is a perfect place to eat especially if you like some French cuisine.  I would recommend sitting on the patio to people watch and you get a front row seat to the waterfall show across the street.  . . Their fries are amazing.  I had escargot and it was cooked to perfection.  The french bread is nice and chewy.  If you love martinis, they have a make your own martini bar inside too.
This is a great value restaurant.  Just nice enough for a business dinner.  But still casual enough to take the kids,  Excellent food and service,  Wine list is weak.
It's delightful. . . This place is one of my favorite "touristy restaurants" in town. I always recommend it for lunch or brunch to people who are visiitng or looking for a staycation on the strip. . . The food is deliciousand they have amazing views of the fountains and the pedestrians walking by. Great place to people watch with a glass of wine in one hand and a crepe in the other. . . Some of my favorite menu items are the steak sandwich with pomme frites and the savory crepes. Absolutely delicious. . . You can't really go wrong here. Definitely worth the effort.
This is where I ate the most perfect, melt in your mouth, medium rare filet mignon with merlot butter. Holy effing cow was it delicious I nearly cried when it came to the last bite. Steak is definitely their specialty but not the only one, the seafood is also pretty amazing as proven by my boyfriend's sea bass daily special.. . We started the meal with a small amusebouche, bread and butter, and the baked brie. The honey coupled with the roasted garlic made the brie a winner. Next came my steak, the best filet I've ever eaten, and it simply and perfectly came with Mon Ami Gabi's famous French fries. Being a French restaurant, we of course stayed for dessert and ordered the creme brulee and a macchiato. . . For the quality and deliciousness of the food, friendly and attentive service, and atmosphere, this is one of the best deals and best kept secret on The Strip! The only reason I give it 4 stars is that it is a little cramped, and there aren't any restrooms inside the restaurant (my boyfriend and I felt people were walking on top of us the whole time, and you have to go outside into the casino's restroom if you have to go). Besides that, it is still my favorite place to eat and I am definitely coming back!
The atmosphere is beautiful in here- and this is why you should come.  Whomever designed this restaurant derserves a big kudos.  I love the lighting, the tile, and the glass ceiling by the patio.  I love how you can see the Bellagio fountains from the patio-so perfect, and how they remember to keep you warm here with their patio heaters. :). .   It loses a star because the food taste just "average" to me.  I've been here twice.  Once I got an apple salad that left me still hungry (I think it's meant of more of an appetizer than an entree), the other time I got the Classique steak (my husband and I share the appetizers of the mac&cheese, and sweet potato soup), everything was "just okay."  Big portions but ordinary tastes.  . . The bread was amazing through, and bread is important to me!  The warm bagette with carrot dressing (sounds gross but trust me, it was fantastic).  I might try this place for breakfast sometime after reading the reviews here.
We decided to eat here rather than at an equal to lower rated restaurant where the meal would cost 2-3x more. There are so many restaurants where it's easily $100/person, and who knows if it's really going to be worth it. Coming from SF bay area we get plenty of good eats, and I hate forking out a ton of money for average food and a "me too" environment. . . This place was oozing cuteness, and personality. Like a vibrant french cafe.  The service was very good, attentive, helpful. The food was great.  We had the english pea soup special which was absolutely great, and I had the scallops, hubby had the skate wing. Both were delish but the scallops were best. You get 5 huge scallops and lots of veggies for like $20. The quality of the food ingredients and freshness of the seafood was apparent, and it was such a good value. We each had 2 glasses of wine and were out of there for like $100 or so.  Would definitely recommend this place for dinner (and I bet brunch would be great too!).
Great gluten-free menu - they even have gluten-free bread. The service was slow, but the food was great. The creme brulee was just all right.
Wonderful location right on the strip across the street from the Bellagio. We stopped here for a late dinner after a long day of shopping. Even though it was busy we were able to get a seat on the patio, right on the strip.. . The food was really good, we started with the shrimp cocktail - the shrimp were huge and cooked to perfection. I had the Roast Chicken and Frites which was very tender and tasty. I liked the crispy skinny "frites". Could've used a little more veggies to balance out the plate, but other than that it was all good.
I had Mon Ami Gabi as my last meal in Vegas. We went b/c some of my suitemates went there from their last visit. It topped the trip off perfectly as we spent the afternoon eating and chatting away at a window side table in this little bistro! I was thankful we got indoor seating since the weather had been really windy outside!. . For Hors D'Oeurves we had:  Escargots de Bourgogne. This was a bit against my will but group majority prevailed. My previous encounter with snails were not pleasant but I decided to give them another shot. Honestly I couldn't really taste much of it as it was masked in the garlic herb sauce. It was just a chewy bit of something that I swallowed down. I liked to dip the baguette into the garlic herb sauce tho that was really yum-O. . . Entree: Trout Grenobloise. I liked the flakiness of the fish.The pan-sear or however the skin was prepared was great. It was very crispy! It was mildly seasoned and hinted at the fish's natural flavor which was good. Overall i really liked it. It was light and the green beans that came with it were cooked nicely. . . So there was the frites that came along in a cup and they were super yummy and quite addicting. Thinner than fries and maybe even than potato chips.. . at Last!1! time for Dessert!: Profiterole Trio A.K.A Cream puffs! . They were super good!!! It was napoleon style as we had vanilla, chocolate and strawberry filled centers. I loved the chocolate/ fudge sauce that was drizzled on them. The flavors were very concentrated and they put me to shame to the kind of cream puffs I had made in HS french class. Much better than Beard Papa too that has commercialized and supersized the cream puff. . . I def loved the atmosphere of this place and though it's on the pricier side, its a treat to come here with friends and check it out for one of the fancier meals one can have in Vegas.
We always walked by the restaurant, always wondered how its food was like, always admired those who dined there looking so relax and happy, always wanted to give it a try one day. And we did this time! . We were there for lunch, requested an outdoor table because the weather was great and the view was good. We were told the wait time was 30 minutes and were given a vibrator to come back later. As we walked away from the restaurant, one of the receptionist called my name and said a table was ready for us now. We were surprised and happy that we did not need to wait. I found this interesting drink on the menu called "Frangria" and ordered a jar. It was like a French-style Sangria and it was good. My sister and mom did not enjoy it much but the drink was great to start my day. We liked the bread they served. It was hot and fresh. We ordered a Prime Rib sandwich, a Chicken and Brie sandwich, and a Seafood Crepe. Prime Rib sandwich was good. Its meat was very tender and juicy. Chicken and Brie was a little sweet, perhaps the sweetness was from the apple slices? I liked my Seafood Crepe. Shrimps and scallops were big, juicy, and cooked to perfection. However, the sauce was a little too plain and they could have put things other than green peas inside the crepe. For each plate, itcame with a tiny side salad and I really like the salad dressing. We did not order dessert because our entrees were very fulfilling. I will definitely go back again because this place is perfect for a relaxing morning.
Great bread pudding
i always come here once a year for the steak bordelaise n pomme frites!! Their fries is the only one i would eat.. they are so crispy n tasty.. . escargot is good.. for adventurous foodie... n not for the faint hearted... or country bumpkin who's not open minded to try anything at least once.. . the pate is good.. the roasted butternut squash soup is good...
Mon Ami Gabi is a great choice for a nice restaurant in Vegas without going into fine dining and breaking the bank.. . I came here on my first trip to Vegas with my girlfriends because my friend really likes this place.  We sat on the patio and watched the sun go down.  Keep in mind this place has MONEY locale for its great view of the Bellagio fountain show.  It's a little blocked by palm tress but its as good as its going to get for not standing in front of it. Plus this gives you something to do while you watch it.. . Everyone ordered steaks while I ordered a Lemon-Thyme Seared Salmon with orzo, peas, leeks, spinach, lemon butter.  The salmon was cooked well but it was...salmon.  Most places don't usually do a lot with salmon but it was plated with a very nice creamy orzo and vegetables. It was a good combination because it brought a little more to the salmon.  Overall though, the orzo and vegetables still stood out over the salmon.. . All in all, Mon Ami Gabi makes nice food at a reasonable price for Vegas.  We will be back this summer as my friend really wants to go again.
Drinks were great.  I especially liked the French Martini.  I would recommend it to those looking for a sweeter drink.. I've tried several of the steak frites and have enjoyed all of them.  It's a very large portion so you will not leave hungry.. My coworker tried the escargot and scallops and he had good things to say about both.. My biggest word of advice is to make reservations.  The wait for dinner during any day of the week tends to be pretty long.  I've had to wait between 30-45 minutes each time I've eaten there.
Good for brunch. Average service. No problems.
Sunday Brunch is great here! Not nearly as expensive as dinner. I got the Steak & Eggs, and it was delicious. My boyfriend got a muffin and orange juice. He made me look like a pig! Oh well, I enjoyed! LOL!
Located right on the strip under the Eiffel Tower in Paris, this is a beautiful place to see and be seen in. If you're lucky enough to get a patio table (with a reservation AND come in early), you get a view of the Bellagio fountains, the Eiffel Tower, Caesars in the distance and beautiful lights. We sat inside, but still, the ambiance was there. The service very attentive, quick, and the server had great recommendations and favorites. We had:. . Steak Bearnaise - tender, Great sauce, excellent pommes frites. Beef Bourguignon - tender beef, wonderful sauce, buttered noodles (YUM). Burger - Good, came with pommes frites. . Overall a good place to go for lunch/dinner. I would definitely recommend making a reservation so as to not wait, and again, get there early for a chance to sit outside and admire the passerby's and weather. We definitely wanted to come back here, but with such a short visit it makes for a good first night dinner to set the tone for your trip. They are known for their steak, their tender, flavorful steak. Have someone at your table try one if they like to share, or order one each and compare.
Great place - the yelp reviews are spot on. Sipped the house Chard, ate their steak sandwich with the "Frites" (awesome) and people watched during lunch from the outside patio.
This place was better 4 years ago when I was there.  There appetizers better than their main dishes.  Got to have the escargot and the oysters.
This place may have the most perfect patio location in Vegas!  It's located directly across from the Bellagio fountains.  You'll also have a nice view of the Eiffel Tower outside Paris.  Just make sure you come here before 6:00 or after 9:00 for dinner to avoid the hectic rush because they don't take reservations for the patio.. . I had the tenderloin steak with blue cheese spread and it was delicious.  They could do a little better by serving the streaks with some sort of fresh vegetable as opposed to frites.  The frites were a bit oily and got old after while.  Otherwise the food was excellent and the location cannot be beat.
I came here for lunch on a lovely Friday afternoon. It's directly across from the Bellagio hotel.. if you sit in the patio area you might be lucky enough to catch the beautiful water show! not sure, if you would be able to hear the music though. Location wise, it's one of the best places to eat on the strip! It's smack in the middle of the strip.. . Avoid sitting in the patio area in the summer time. It'll be too hot to eat in the scorching sun! Be sure to wear sunblock and sunglasses! :-). . The food was really tasty... the bread was so buttery! :) I ordered steak and fries! My friend ordered crepe/scallops/shrimp... it was so creamy and so delcious. My other friend ordered the open face BLT with avocado.. it was a little messy to eat... but it was delicious nonetheless.
Strawberry waffles... Incredible.. Chicken and Brie sandwich incredible... Chicken, broccoli and cheese crepe close to terrible. Service is the best, scenery if you sit outside is prime reeeeeal estate.  I'd say this is a must go for Vegas first second or third timers.
Our server Joe handled our large and inexperienced diners with patience and a smile.  The only negative of the night was the surly and lazy hostess.  She was of no help to me when I checked in for my reservation.  My party had already been seated and she told me to go find them on my own.  Talk about horrible service.  However, for as large and as crowded this place is, they do a fantastic job of preparing well made food. . . I would advise on brushing up on your French wine knowledge if you plan on ordering wine here because the best finds are on the french wine list and that makes up 90% of the list. Go figure.
I just had brunch here on Easter Sunday with my sister, brother-in-law, and a few friends.. . Service was fairly prompt and efficient, but not too friendly for the entire meal. Ironically/coincidentally, he became quite friendly and talkative at the end of the meal after we asked for the check.. . We were served freshly baked mini baguettes and a creamy butter. We also asked for some jam that seemed to be freshly made strawberry jam. All of the above were quite good.. . We ordered shrimp cocktail, a tuna salad dish, corned beef hash with poached egg, and brioche french toast with blueberries and macerated blueberry sauce.. . I was told the tuna salad was not fresh and barely edible. I personally ate the corned beef hash with a poached egg and the aforementioned french toast. I'd give the CB hash a 3.5; it was a bit mushy for me, I prefer to have my CB hash to be crisped in the pan to provide some texture and also to be seasoned a bit more. After adding some salt, pepper, and tabasco it was closer to a 4 star dish. The poached egg was OK, but not perfectly poached as so few ever are; would've preferred it to be a bit runnier.. . They used a nice thick brioche bread for the french toast, dipped it in a light custard before cooking. Topped it with a very light vanilla whipped cream and blueberries. Then served it with their macerated blueberry sauce (which is listed as maple syrup on their website's menu, but has no maple taste to it at all). I REALLY enjoyed this french toast, with the blueberry sauce it wasn't overly sweet. In fact, it was barely sweet at all. This french toast and the one stuffed with vanilla bean custard and fresh raspberries at Bellagio Cafe are the 2 best in town.. . If I was writing a review purely on the french toast here, I would give them 5 stars...but since I have to take everything else in to account they get a 4 for now until I try something else. I will definitely be back to eat the french toast again.
I've been here 3 times because I love the outdoor seating, 1) because i love people watching 2) it's right in front of the Bellagio water show. . Of course the service is always great. The bread is  served nice and warm, and i do love french bread! Every single time I have been here I ordered a chopped salad because it is seriously the best chopped salad I've eaten, IN MY LIFE. The first 2 visits here the salad was different so they might have changed their menu because when I tried it a couple days ago it wasnt as good as i remembered. . . I am now eager to try something new, maybe breakfast? (If I could ever get my butt up in time)
Had lunch here which was really good. The atmosphere of the restaurant is great, busy but comfortable. saw carrot top and george wallace at a table next to us.  went here for breakfast the next day which again was really good. We had reservations for lunch but did not for breakfast. For lunch we waited about 5 mins to be seated.  People who didn't have reservations were waiting for awhile so make sure to make reservations for lunch especially on the weekends. for breakfast we were seated inside with no reservations, which wasn't that bad, but sitting out in the patio is much better especially on a nice day.
On a perfectly mild sunny day in vegas, it was a great choice to eat on the patio at Mon Ami Gabi overlooking Las Vegas Blvd. As soon as we entered the restaurant from the casino entrance, from the dark interior, it was like stepping into a whole different world once we got seated on the patio. . Usually when servers rattle off the specials of the day, it goes out the other ear for me. But after looking over the menu and half heartedly deciding on the spinach and gruyere omlette, I heard the server mention Bacon and Spinach Eggs Benedict and i was sold! Quiche Lorraine with bacon http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=4Ua39HREZlvlYbEf3EP_ew for the dude and my friend got the dish i was thinking of originally http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=5luau0SKUmjSVfXBalxsMQ. We all agreed that my dish ended up being the best: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=T3jPSmE56xcETgTqjegttw.. The quiche had a nice crust, but was kind of monotonous. (i love breakfast sides and this had none). The spinach omelette was ok- i enjoyed my omelette at Max Brenner much more. . I've only had eggs benedict a few times elsewhere and i have to say this one was very yummy- the eggs were perfectly runny and the bacon (i believe it was applewood) was nice and crispy. . We were too sweets wasted this time to order the pancakes, french toast etc, so next time i would like to try those or the steak dishes with a side of their onion soup!
My 24 hours in Vegas ended with getting some breakfast here to take on the road. Calling in to make an order was a little confusing in the beginning. We called the first time to see if we can phone in an order and the lady said yes. The second time we called to actually give them an order another lady said we would have to come in and order at the bar. Then the third time I asked to be transferred to the bar and finally we were able to make our order. . . So side note: If you call and want to place an order to go, just ask to be transferred to the bar.  . . When we got there our order was already waiting for us. Unfortunately it wasn't correct. I ordered the Bananas Foster Waffle but all I got was a plain waffle. I let the bartender, Robert, know and he was on it. He was shocked and embarrassed that the order wasn't correct. His actual words were, "This ain't Denny's!" This guy was awesome! He offered us free mimosas while we waited. Who are we to decline free drinks?!. . The bananas and sauce came out before we were halfway done with our mimosas. So we downed those things and were on our way. . . I think my waffle would have been quite delicious if it was fresh out of the kitchen. A bad part on me to order something like that to go. I did like how the waffle itself was fluffy too bad the crisp outside wasn't there anymore. However I did love the foster sauce! The brown sugar, butter, vanilla and cinnamon were well balanced. Very subtle sweetness that went well with the bananas.. . My sister ordered the eggs benedict and while it wasn't the best we had it was still pretty darned tasty. The eggs were cooked perfectly the hollandaise sauce was a little watery to me but still flavorful.. . Food was pretty good but Robert's friendliness and attempt to please us stood out the most for me. People were eating at the bar too so if you don't want to wait for a table the bar is great. Especially if Robert's the bartender.
Great place for brunch.  My wife had made a reservation and, once again, she nailed it.  We were not disappointed (except for the service, read below).  . . We started with a carafe of the Frangria, which is awesome.  However, had I spotted it sooner, I would have ordered the self-serve Bloody Mary bar.. . I started with the house-made pate.  It was delicious but the portion was huge.  I needed about 1/2 the portion but it was so good, I ate all of it.  My wife had the Butter Lettuce salad.. . For our brunch entrees, my wife had the Ham and Cheese Crepe.  She seemed to like it.  I had the Seafood Crepe.  It was very good but my shrimp were overdone.. . Overall, this was a delicious brunch.  I like the fact that our table was in the sun room.  I also like the fact that you don't have to walk through the entire casino to get to it.. . One critique.  I don't know what happened but about midway through our meal, our server started ignoring us and when she did come by, she was very short with us.  It didn't start out that way so I'm not sure if we did something or not.  Hey Roxanne, you are the sole reason this isn't a 5 star review.
I love this place and with so many bad food places in Vegas robbing us of our hard earned money Mon Ami Gabi lifted my spirits.. . By bf and I decided to sit inside because it was cooler than sitting on the patio and not too busy. We were seated in the the dining area just before the cafe. It was a lovely spot because the sunlight was streaming in and it looked like a beautiful, peaceful atmosphere to have lunch in.. . Our waiter greeted us and we ordered right away; my bf ordered the Steak Frites and I ordered the Salmon dish. The wait was a bit long but nonetheless we were expecting the best from previous reviews. The dishes arrived and my bf received a beautiful juicy steak (order it medium) with a side of crispy potato "fries". Then the waiter grabs a dish of heaping mussels!!!! I thought to myself, "Am I really going to have to eat this?" since I'm not usually a person to complain at restaurants and actually considered just eating it. I kindly told the server, not our waiter, that I had ordered the Salmon. He said he would check with the waiter. The waiter came over and apologized claiming the buttons are right next to each other and had accidentally pressed the wrong button. Eek! Expensive mistake.. . I did wait for my salmon to be cooked and it did feel like it took a long time. I tried my bf's steak and I melted... trying to save my appetite I only had a few more bites but I was hooked. My salmon arrived and it was delicious! It had green peas, snow peas, in a "green" sauce. I'm not really sure how to describe it. It was light, refreshing, and the salmon was flakey. After we finished our meals, our waiter came back and offered to order us a dessert on the house. My bf and I shared the creme brulee which we were originally wanting to order but decided not to. Not it was free! It was a little over done as the crust layer was hard like candy, not slightly crusted, but I was just so happy that they acknowledged the mistake and comped us. Everything was wonderful and I will go back.. . P.S. When I came back home to LA, I gushed to a friend that I went to this place for lunch and she claimed that her mother always eats there when in Vegas because the food is so good. Score!
Cute cafe outside of the Paris Hotel.  Their outdoor seating (on a good day) has always attracted my attention but when I went I had to sit indoors to escape the heat and crazy winds.. . The interior decor was great and made me feel like I was actually in Paris (err, not sure how authentic it is since i've never been but for the likes of me, it was perfect!). . Best Muscles I've ever eaten in life. I will be back for more... entree order this time.
Great patio seating. French toast to die for.
Had never been here before Sunday night.  Right across from the Bellagio, you can sit inside or out on the patio and see the water show. I was with the guys, but seemed like a nice place inside for a romantic interlude.. darkly lit, with old world decorations and high ceilings.. believe there was a fireplace as well.. you get the picture.  We had a 40 minute wait for the patio.  Food was xlnt.    For cocktails the waitress recommended a French Martini, sounded good, tasted fantastic, but failed to check on cost and it was $12.95 for one drink!  OK it was super fantastic, (gee I need to make more money).. Shared a baked cheese appetizer, table loved it, I had the scallops with a pureed mushroom sauce, best scallops I had ever eaten. Think they were $23.. Lovely.. would not hesitate to return ..this is a steak house, but no one tried a steak, one guy dieting had soup, another had the fish and chips which was a flat fillet rather than the breaded chunky pieces you usually see.  Everything was excellent, bill was $180 for 3, which included 3 cocktails and 2 glasses of wine and a shared dessert.
I've been to the one in Chicago several times and it's always fun, good food, and not too expensive! The one in Vegas did not disappoint - I was shocked at how large the restaurant is...when you walk into the bar where the host stand is - looks like a typical Mon Ami Gabi...very quaint...and then you keep walking! It really is amazing.
Mussels French fries apple tart tatin chicken or steak sandwich, escargot, French onion soup, n bread are all good. Avg food is hamburger, seafood crepe (premade not fresh crepe).
gave this place a shot because of the prime location and the diverse selection of french dishes. i expected this place to be pretty on the surface with no real substance ..... i was instantly proven otherwise.. . came with a group for lunch on a nice sunny vegas day and started on the complementary baguette which was hot and fresh. we went through a couple of loafs pretty quickly. the bread was tasty and also nice and light giving you the impression that you can have the whole loaf without feeling guilty.. . we started off with the frangria which was an obvious relative of the sangria. i made the mistake of noting down the recipe in my head and not somewhere more reliable. nonetheless the frangria was top notch. the fruits were vibrant and present in every sip. mix of red wine and grand mariner tasted better that I had thought. . . for starters we went with the snails and french onion soup. the snails were a bit greasy and had a very grassy aroma and taste. this was my first time having snails to which i equated the consistency to oysters. the soup did not reach its potential as more flavor could have been added and more cheese could have been layered on the exterior.. . as for the entrees we all order a sandwich of some sort that came with a bed of greens and/or frites. i ordered the chicken and bree sandwich which was mixed with sauteed onions and green apple that made the sandwich even more delicious. served on ciabatta bread the chicken was moist and decently flavored by itself. the combination of sandwich fillings left me wanting more. the only negative criticism I have about this sandwich was the amount of filling was not evenly portion with the amount of bread provided.. . the ambiance was great...very open, bright, and diverse. as mentioned the location of the restaurant was excellent being right in the center of the strip making it a great spot to sit back and enjoy the view. not only was the ambiance and location great, the service staff were extremely courteous and our waiter went beyond our expectations.
Eating in Las Vegas isn't cheap and any place that serves an entree in the realm of $25 can be considered a bargain. We decided to come here for a pre-show dinner. We hadn't eaten anything French recently and being from a backwoods town in the South where French isn't something you see very often, we were ready to try this place. We got reservations and had to only wait about 10 minutes for our table. We got an authentic French waiter but the poor thing was confused for most of the night. I am sure our Southern accents scared the hell out of him. He couldn't remember the specials but that was ok since he seemed like a pretty nice guy.. . We were starving since we had skipped lunch that day. I ordered the Onion Soup which was very good. They give you a fairly large portion which could be easily split between two people or eaten as a meal in itself with a salad. Our table also ordered the Baked Cheese as appetizer which was delicious. I ended up getting the Steak Bearnaise with hand-cut fries. Not a big fan of the fries. They were cooked properly but I like my potatoes cut thicker. The steak was cooked perfectly and tender. The Bearnaise sauce was very good and probably the highlight of the entree. We passed on dessert. . . Service was good but not exceptional. The food was good but nothing was spectacular enough to warrant a 5 star consideration. This place is probably more of a 3.5 stars but I will round up due to the appetizer and nice atmosphere. I will be moving to the DC area soon so I may have to hit up the one in Bethesda. For the price you can't beat it though.
Mon Ami Gabi has a great patio, you can see the Bellagio fountains across the street and dine under the Eiffel Tower. My husband and I both really enjoyed the filet mingon with merlot butter, it was very delicious and I highly recommend it! Our server, however, was aloof and a bit snooty, which was really the only turnoff for an otherwise delightful meal.
I didn't realize that it is a French STEAKhouse (pretty much), so I was a little bummed because we had reservations at Craftsteak two days later. I got over it pretty quickly because it was delicious!  You can't have too much steak on vacation...I always say. . . This restaurant has a gluten free menu. Everything was simple and delicious. I would definitely go back because of the food and the gluten free menu and knowledgeable staff. . . The only issue was that there were too many people jammed into the space. It is in the Paris right on the street across from the Bellagio fountains so it is popular, but at some point restaurants need to just say NO. The place was brimming with people. We were there 10 minutes before our reservation and we still had to wait at the bar for about 1/2 an hour. We were seated in a kind of crappy spot...between the bar and the kitchen.  Then I realized that most of the seats were crappy unless you were outside. Next time we go here, I am going to ask specifically for an outdoor seat or a booth. We had made our reservations a month in advance.
Wait for a table on the patio.  No matter how long it takes because it is totally worth it.  I am not really a big fan of dining on the strip, but if you have to do it, why not do it outside while enjoying a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains and the freaks that come out at night in Las Vegas?. . We had the seafood appetizer (whole lobster, oysters, shrimp, tuna tartare, seaweed salad.)  The only thing on this appetizer that wasn't amazing was the seaweed salad.  Worth the $24.95 a person price tag.  Also had the Steak Roquefort served with these crispy potatoes.  Very flavorful, but you better love Roquefort cheese or this dish is not for you.  . . Honestly, the food is beside the point at Mon Ami Gabi.  You'll be too busy staring at the fountains and everyone who walks by.  Fortunately, the food is actually very good.  And you can't find a more romantic spot if you try.
I did indoor seating (my girlfriend had major sunburn from the pool). It was delicious. Wonderfully fresh oyster appetizer, so so amuse bouche. It was a wonderful opportunity to try skate for the first time and I must say I am a huge fan! Tried the Roquefort steak with delicious crispy frites. My potato chips were underwhelming with some soggy/burned but still overall delicious as was the artichoke heart puree. The Dover sole was boring but the Grape Passion/love fest/ whatever the name was cocktail more than made up for it!
I love this place! It's a must when in Vegas!
The last night for Vegas, we decided to eat late, 1030 at this steak frite/ french bistro location.. . Recommendation, sit outside if the weather is bearable.  The view and people watching is great, plus pending on time, you'll also see the water show at the Bellagio as your sitting across from it.. . We ordered the french sangria to start off, and it was pretty decent, a little more red wine taste then I would have liked though.. . Bread, comes out fresh in the wax paper, and a good butter.. . Appetizer - I ordered the french onion soup, and my friendordered the special of the night which was an escargot, i know they have one on the menu, but this one was different.  I didnt taste the excargot, because under no circumstance, will i eat it, i just dont like the taste and consistency.  The french onion soup, was the second best i've ever had, a place near me that is now closed, had the best ive ever had, and this easily took second.  It came out and was also a great portion, for me, a bigger guy with a big appetite.  It was fantastic.  My friend said the escargot was good.. . Main course - I ordered the filet mignon, with merlot butter, and my friend ordered the filet au poivre with creme fraiche, both medium rare.  Both of these steaks were cooked perfectly.  They also tasted delicious.  There was a difference in the sauce, but the steaks were exactly the same, which is good.  We had gone to craftsteak the night before, but the two places are oddly very different from each other.  . . overall - easily worth going to, easily order the french onion soup.
Loved the place, went here twice during my four day stay in Vegas: once for breakfast and the other time for lunch. I highly recommend going there for breakfast- great place, great service, and food is pretty good.
We booked our 12:30 reservation through yelp an hour or so before. Upon arrival, we were seated within 10 minutes to a nice table in the covered area near the patio. I was relieved since it was really windy and surprising chilly outside. The restaurant was pretty busy, but we received ample attention; the server was really sweet.. . I love baguette, and a good size was served in the beginning wrapped in a Mon Ami Gabi bag with butter. It came in a Mon Ami Gabi bag; it was cute how you're left to just tear a piece of bread for your enjoyment rather than coming out cut in a basket.. . Food:. Chopped Greens & 7 Vegetables (Lunch Menu): had it without the blue cheese, came tossed & with avocado / The salad had more content than its name gives it credit for. It came with bacon, and personally, I'm not a bacon person, but it was some good bacon. It was thicker than normal breakfast bacon and gave the salad a nice balance since I didn't add chicken or anything.. . Corned Beef Hash & Poached Eggs (Brunch Menu): Good quality meat, well-poached eggs, yolk was used to mix the meal together / People who enjoy hash and like their eggs poached will love the item.. . I felt the menu was a bit limited, but still had a great brunch. Food, ambiance, service, and people were all great.
4.5 stars.. . This place is awesome.  We booked a reservation at 8 PM, with the intention of waiting an extra hour to secure outside seating.  I can understand how this may be annoying to those not in the know.  We planned for it so we didn't really mind waiting around.. . When we finally made it outside, it was perfect.  Absolutely perfect.  Nice warm evening, table for 2 right on the street with a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains.  So romantic!. . Extremely nice service, although maybe a bit too hands-off for some.  We didn't mind being left alone but we did have to flag our waitress down for the check.  The carrot soup was pretty good and the filet mignon with merlot butter was great.  For dessert, we couldn't decide between the warm berry crumble and the creme brulee so of course we had to order both.  The crumble was massive and very good.  Judging from the bits of creme brulee I was able to wrangle away from the husband when he wasn't looking - yeah, he's a fan - it was just ok.  . . Fabulous coffee.. . Plus, after staring at $15 glasses of wine and $25 appetizers in the face all weekend, it was nice to have a great moderately priced meal without sacrificing taste and ambiance.
Nice atmosphere.. Great service. Interesting onion soup and scallops (wasn't sure they were done enough). They have duck once a week. which I would have tried but wrong day.  Steak that others have raved about and I found quite okay. Food grade of B.
We went over Memorial Day weekend for my friend's birthday. I made reservations the day before for 8 people, but we had another person join us. They accommodated us, which was nice since we told them when we checked in.. . We waited about five minutes to be seated, then were taken to a booth in the middle of the restaurant. I ordered the New York strip with the french fries and a bowl of their soup of the day, Creme of Asparagus. The soup was really good, especially when I dipped the baguette bread in it. But my favorite part of the entire meal was the french fries! I love crunchy french fries and all of them were! The steak was good too, but I didn't finish it because I had finished all of the fries.. . Our waiter was very attentive. Service is a little slower here, but it's meant to be...it is a sit down restaurant after all. If you're in a hurry somewhere, then this is not the place to go. Enjoy the food and the company that you're with.
We reserved on Open Table, so we only waited about 5 minutes.  I overheard other people saying that the wait without a reservation was about an hour and a half.  So definitely call ahead.  We sat inside and enjoyed the table and the ambiance.. . My boyfriend is a vegetarian, and has a big appetite.  He ordered the vegetable platter, which was great, but not super big.  He also ordered the macaroni and cheese (au gratin) to supplement and it was really fantastic.  It comes out all baked and yummy with lots of cheese on top.  I ordered the French Onion soup, and it was probably the best I have ever had in my life.  So much cheese, and the broth was really rich.  Bonus: it comes out in a huge dish that looks like a hot tub, so it was very, very filling.. . Overall, we really enjoyed.  The bill for two, without alcohol, was 51 dollars.  The only downside was that the only real vegetarian option was the vegetable platter, and that it was pretty small.  But what what can I expect from a French steakhouse?
After walking the strip for quite some time in the mid-morning hours, I was damn hungry. Mon Ami Gabi looked pretty cute - all French and proper - but they didn't seem to mind when hubs and I rolled up in our workout gear hoping to get a table and some breakfast. . . The patio was a considerable wait, so we elected sit indoors (which ended up being only 2 feet from the open doors/patio. Hey - we could still see some street performers and a few walks of shame. Fine by me.. . The service was most excellent and efficient to boot. I went with the lemon pancakes - a giant, but very thin, lemony crepe like pancake with strawberries and a hefty side of fresh whipped cream. Hell. Yeah. The pancake was delicious yet light and the strawberries were uber fresh. I also nabbed a few bites of hubs' quiche lorraine - also a delightful, rich and tasty choice. The one food item I wasn't crazy about was the chicken sausage. Normally I'd down that in 30 seconds flat, but these particular links had an odd spice combo to them...paprika? I don't know, but I didn't dig it. . . Price wise, Mon Ami Gabi is quite fair - especially for the high quality and portions.Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll definitely head back here for breakfast!
Ate here for breakfast. The food was absolutely amazing. The waitress was nice, and the atmosphere was also good. Will definitely come here again!
really good steaks. just the right thickness (easy to eat) and very flavorful. not  thick, like the morton's steak kind but just as good. hand cut fries that come with the steak is pretty good too. get the whipped cauliflower with the steak. really creamy and good. nice view of the strip with the bellagio water show right in front of you. can't beat it.
Just finished my first meal at Mon Ami Gabi. I liked it. I would go back. The seared salmon over peas was great. The service was attentive, and the atmosphere was great -- very lively and varied. I could see the Belagio and its fountains erupting across the street. Lots of fun.
I ordered the steak au poivre, it was delicious, the steak was a large thin piece of meat with a black pepper sauce.  I didn't really know what to expect as for the cut, but it was tasty.  I'd order it again.  . . I went with a large group of friends, we were a bit late for our 630 pm reservation but were still accommodated, but it was disappointing that we didnt get to sit outside.  I split a bottle of champagne with some friends which was fun.  The bread was delicious here and I loved the french cafe atmosphere.. . We had good service from the waitress, but she did make a few faces since a few at the table were a bit on the drunk side.  I'd come here again.
The brunch food is just plain ol' good french food I'll find anywhere on the streets of Orange County. I'm so glad I chose to eat here instead of an infamous buffet; same cost but less evil on the body. . . The wait to sit outside is about 5 times that of sitting indoors (actually, we didn't have to wait at all for a table inside), but the atmosphere is calm and soothing; the food, I'm sure, is just as great.. . The whipped cream from the blueberry pancakes is to die for. I dipped everything in there at least once, even my eggs benedict. . . If you're with a group of girls and don't feel like binging, start the day out here and you won't regret!
It's refreshing to get such quality for a reasonable price on the Las Vegas strip. Mon Ami Gabi is a French bistro with a long list of meals that is sure to please. Their steaks are most popular, but it's the fish that steals the show. The flavours are complexe, the food is fresh and the view can't be beat. . I had the seared salmon and my husband had the skate. Both were cooked to perfection and served with a healthy portion of sides. They offer a wide selection of wines by the glass and while the restaurant is busy and noisy (much like the rest of Las Vegas Blvd) it is easy to get swept away into a great meal. . . Keep in mind that even if you make a reservation and ask to be seated on the balcony, they will not always honour it.
If it was just for the French Toast, 5 stars. I'm not including Creme Brulee French Toast, or Brioche French Toast.  That stuff is awesome, but I'd put that in another category.  Gabi just has the best straight up French Toast I've ever had.  The inside is nice and eggy, but still relatively light and fluffy, so it's not waterlogged.. . The whipped cream is delicious, although, if you're concerned about overdoing it, I'd ask for a lighter serving.. . The other dishes are really good, and are worth coming back for, but don't stand out quite as much as the french toast.. . Didn't like the coffee.
delicious! delicious! delicious!  I still crave the asparagus soup.  I came for brunch on a Sunday morning.  I would highly suggest making reservations.  Service was awesome and the food was tasty.  I will def be back!
3.5 stars. . Oh God.  As I mentioned in my last review, we came back here for my friend's bachelorette.  I made the reservation a week in advance.  . . When I got there, I had to change it because a girl dropped out. If you use Yelp to get phone numbers, this one is incorrect.  It takes you to Effiel Tower Restaurant.  I did eventually get through and told her I needed to "change tomorrow's reservation." (The reason I changed it for one person is because if your entire party isn't seated, you can't be considered for deck seating.) She told me she couldn't find me anywhere and I was put on hold for a long time, several times.  Finally she said "I found your reservation under tomorrow.  There must have been an error." Me: "Nope. I wanted it for tomorrow." Gah.  So that was figured out.. . Then the day of, the girls are running late and ask me to push it back.  I tell the hostess, "can you push the reservation for Ninette for 11 back 30 minutes?" She said, "ok Clark (or something equally ridiculous) for 5!" What now? Eh, maybe it was loud.. . We did make it there and were seated inside (outside was a 2 hour wait).  My friend and I ordered the escargot for appetizer to share and the seafood platter for our entree.  The seafood platter came with 4 oysters, shrimp cocktail, tuna cervice, seaweed salad, several sauces and an entire lobster.  I also just checked and there were supposed to be crackers. Huh. Never saw that. Either way, it looked pretty impressive, not going to lie.  The escargot were good.  They came in a pesto-ish sauce.  The seafood platter was all good except for the main event: the lobster.  The lobster was chewy and overcooked.  We thought we would need steak knives.  I don't know what kind of lobster it was called but it had the spongy legs/claws that I didn't really like either.. . I still think this place is pretty reasonably priced and a good balance between casual and fancy for Vegas.  The bad lobster and confusion put me off a bit more than the first time, but for mostly-good food and prices, I'll keep my 3.5 stars under 4.
BOTTOM LINE: There are enough good things about Mon Ami Gabi to deserve a four star review based on our dinner there last week. With so many restaurants in Las Vegas on the Strip, this is not one we'd necessarily seek out again unless it was a matter of convenience and timing that led us there.  But the outdoor patio seating provides a great opportunity for people watching and seeing the Bellagio fountain both, the food is good and the prices reasonable by Las Vegas standards.  So we're glad we went and can easily recommend it.. . SEATING: We were a group of ten and we wanted an outdoor table so some of the folks involved  who had not been to Las Vegas before could watch the Bellagio fountains, right across the street, as they had dinner. . . Reservations are not taken for outdoor seating, and it was impressive that they could cobble together a table for ten with only about a 30 minute wait at 6:30. But what we learned from this is that Mon Ami Gabi's outdoor patio seating is probably best for couples or groups up to six just for the logistics of putting tables together. . . SERVICE: The restaurant was hopping inside and out and yet service was efficient for taking the orders and getting the food to the right diners and served at the right temperature. Not particularly friendly, but efficient worked in this case. . . FOOD: For a Las Vegas restaurant the range of choices, all with a French bistro bent, was impressive and the prices seemed more reasonable than other comparable places on the Strip. . . As example, a duck confit small plate that included a good dried cherry garnish was only about $11 and plenty for an entree for a light eater. Same with the crab cake served with a small slaw type salad for about $15. Same for the Caesar salad that was about $10. Steaks (served with pommes frites) for roughly $25.00 each. Scallop entree was about $30. And so on. Meals included some really good, crusty baguette set in the middle of the table in paper bags at the start. . . VALUE:  Total bill for ten, excluding cocktails but including a couple of beers, a couple of coffees and a soft drink,  was about $230.  A bargain by Strip standards. . . LIBATIONS: While we waited on our table, some of us adjourned to the (tiny) indoor bar for a cocktail. My hubby said his Maker's mint julep was very good and my Sidecar was one of the best I've had. Cousins in law had good things to say about their rum and cokes and whiskey and sodas. Cousin in law who picked up the tab said they were spendy. As I recall, five cocktails topped $60. . . AMBIANCE: The outdoor patio can be fun, for the reasons named in the start of this review. The indoor portion of the restaurant is actually quite large and seating in some of it offers a white tablecloth, cozy bistro ambiance. But, the indoor seating adjacent to the outdoor bar is NOT the best in the place...not the charm of inside and not the view perspective of outside and with a lot of traffic through it from wait staff and diners. So we'd recommend avoiding this section of the restaurant.. . RESERVATION NOTE:  If you make a reservation (indoor seating only) you will need to provide a credit card.  Two hour in advance cancellation is required or your credit card will be charged $50 per head of the reservation. (Example, for a reservation for six people the default charge is $300.)  This isn't the only restaurant in Las Vegas to employ a similar tactic (Mesa as example does something similar).  But may be helpful to know this in advance.
For someone half a dozen drinks in while wandering the Strip on the Sunday before his departure from this playground of a city, Mon Ami Gabi was a complete and pleasant surprise!  I couldn't believe that in such a touristy spot I would stumble upon a restaurant devoted so earnestly to quality cuisine.. . Our appetizers consisted of vegetable crudites and hand-cut potato chips.  Simple yet delicious, the waffle-cut chips were thin and crispy.. . I tasted the bacon brie cheeseburger, the tuna nicoise and the vichyssoise, and I'd recommend all of them.  The tuna tartine was topped with some of the best seared ahi I've eaten, seasoned with something heavenly.  The brie burger was so decadent, so juicy and flavorful, that I completely forgot that I was eating in the bulls eye of the tourist capital of the country.  Even without the brie the burger was cooked perfectly and made of some of the best ground beef I've tasted.  The vichyssoise was standard, but it tasted fantastic on a hot June afternoon.. . The rest of the menu looks heavenly.  I'm sure the next time I'm in Sin City I'll make my way there.  Bon appetit!
Thanks to Yelpers for helping three generations of Foodies find our way here for Sunday Brunch. Great food, OK (yet friendly) service, lively atmosphere. . . Rather than wait 20-30 minutes for a patio table, we opted for immediate indoor seating - it landed us "just" inside but practically outside. It's a pretty, "french-y" decor with nicely presented and tasty fare: mushroom/brie omelet, asparagus/ham quiche, strawberry w/whipped cream topped waffles; wonderful strong coffee and fresh-squeezed OJ.. . A good value for good food.
Love this place!  Great location overlooking the Belagio water show. A great romantic and relaxing environment, great service and great food!  Make reservations!  This place is always busy! Be brave and try a new dish! Dress how you like but dressy is more appropriate for this restaurant!
Mon Ami Gabi was probably the most reasonably priced lunch I've had in Vegas. The service was utter crap, as our waitress was textbook awkward, but I'm not sure that I really cared all that much, come to think of it.. . To set this review up: One of the things I dreaded most about this last trip to Vegas, was the amount of money I would be pouring on food, given my girlfriend is a very demanding foodie, and this was her birthday weekend, so she had very high expectations (and damnit, she is demanding!). However, I was at ease while looking through Mon Ami Gabi's menu online.. and she loves French food, so I thought this place would be a good fit for the both of us.. . This is what we ordered:. Me: Prime Steak Sandwich $14. Her: Seafood Crepe $14 and Sangria $5. . You also get a complimentary baguette (that's fancy for skinny French bread) w/ butter.. . The prime steak sandwich was very good, and I believe my girlfriend enjoyed her seafood crepe and sangria. Yes, she always orders a sangria, even with lunch. But guess what, I didn't mind because the sangria here only cost $5! So drink here instead of above at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant, where the drinks are $20 (I know, because I had to pay for them later that night!).. . I'm surprising myself by giving Mon Ami Gabi 4 stars, for a good meal, comfortable patio seating, and reasonable pricing. I would definitely return here again and take a chance that our next server will not be terrible.. after all, Vegas is about gambling right?
We went there for dinner after our wedding.  We had 15 people in our party and got served with no problems and our server was great!.  My mother and I started with the mussels as an app and they were HUGE, and weren't gritty at all.  Prices aren't too bad, especially for the quality of food and service.  So glad we picked this place.  Next time I want to go earlier during the day so i can try the crepes.
Lovely - facing the Bellagio fountains, outdoor patio, full on french interior, good service, good food? Sooo glad we ate there instead of having Buffet of buffets. . . Food: A-. Ambience: A. Service: A. Value: B
Delicious food!! I love the steaks (I always have a Filet Mignon) with the Merlot Butter that melts and oozes flavor! I love the "frites" that come along the side (french fries). They are so yummy and I normally don't care for french fries..   I have been here about a dozen times and I am always impressed with the food and the quality of the items. It is a great date spot...has a romantic appeal to the atmosphere with great views of the Bellagio fountains if you get to sit outside..   Leave room for dessert and enjoy the most insane Bananas Foster Crepe!! .   The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because it is really pricey and you have to walk so far from the parking garage to get there. That might be a good thing after eating so much!!
This place was a huge surprise for me.  Most people go to Vegas and eat at the buffets.  Here's the thing, though: buffet food is usually crap.  At Mon Ami, for appetizers, entrees, and drinks you can have a meal that will fill you up and it will taste delicious-all for the price of a buffet on the strip.  . . For appetizers, we got the patte with baguettes.  I forgot the name, but it was the creamier, easier to spread patte.  It tasted great.  The bread is also straight from the oven (I don't know if it's entirely fresh, but it's good nonetheless).  It hit the spot right away.  For the entree, I ordered the steak frites with a mushroom sauce and my fiancee ordered the seared scallops.  The steak frites was excellent (the frites were a little to salty for my taste).  The seared scallops were cooked beautifully.  The service was great as well.  I will definitely come back whenever I make another Vegas trip.
The must-gets are: thin steak w/ frites, escargot, and their frangria. Delicious food, great view, great service. Always have a good time here. Word of advice, try to not to go during regular lunch and dinner hours. Mid-afternoon is the best time to go to avoid long wait.
Surprised this place was so good.. . Service:. Nothing to complain about. My friend's brother proposed to his girlfriend here & our waitress brought them complimentary champagne. . . Food:. Pretty good! The Seafood Platter (shared it with a friend) was quite delectable. It came with a whole lobster, 4 oysters, 4 jumbo shrimps, a small side of seaweed salad, tuna tartare, Parmesan (? maybe garlic?) crisps, & 3 dipping sauces. . . Everything on that platter was really good. I ate some of my friend's green beans from her Filet Mignon plate & the sauce was really good. . . Their desserts are amazing. Pretty good Creme Brulee!. . Prices:. Main courses were reasonably priced, however, some items were a little pricey. . . Environment:. It's really cute, French, & romantic! . . Would definitely recommend this place if you're going to stay at Paris or if you want French food.
All the glowing Yelp reviews about Mon Ami Gabi are true. (Unlike others such as Del Friscos and Delmonicos that completely defy logic or reason).. . It's a great restaurant, with great food and excellent service, and an almost Parisian-atmosphere....but....but...but..... . But....the girls at the front; the ones who decide where to seat you...the ones who make you wait at the bar no matter how busy they are....those girls are abominable. They almost ruin everything that is good about MAG. They undermine the great business that it is.. . I wish the guys in Chicago, who created this concept, would find some hostesses....maitresse d's.....who were a little more hospitable, and a little less premenstrual.. . I'll keep going here because I think it's one of the best all-round restaurants on the strip....but I'd go a lot more if the she-devils weren't waiting to shred me and everyone else once we arrive.
I came here with my cousins and friends for my cousin's bachelorette dinner last weekend.  I ordered the prime rib special, which was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and was huge enough for me to have over 2 meals!  I also got the onion soup, which is supposed to be their best soup, but it was just a bit salty for me.  Everyone else seemed to enjoy it though.  My cousins had the seafood platter, which came with fresh lobster, oysters, shrimps, and tuna tartar.  It looked AMAZING! I only got to try the tuna tartar which was delicious, and my cousins were very happy with their choice of the seafood platter.. . The server was also very accommodating to our group of 12 ladies, and even brought out a complimentary dessert for the bride-to-be.
Sat out on the patio to eat al fresco style. It was a great lunch we had, sipping rose champagne while eating our food. I ordered the croque monsieur. The bread was perfectly buttered and grilled with the ham/bechamel sauce/gruyere cheese. I've wanted to try one of these sandwiches for a while and had to take the opportunity to order one. The french fry/potato chip hybrid potatoes were yummy! It was perfectly crispy and thin all at the same time. Too bad more places don't offer this on their menu. I just wish the staff would have opened up the umbrellas, but supposedly it was a little too breezy. It had been several years since I'd eaten here and it was just as good as I remembered it. Can't wait to come back the next time I'min Vegas.
I was here for the second time tonight and it was a very good evening.  We had the option to do the patio, but chose instead to eat in the open air area under the front roof but not on the outside patio itself because of the bright late afternoon sunshine.. . There were four of us.  Two got steaks with different sauces--one bordelaise and mine the roquefort.  The other main courses were the crab cake and the herb grilled chicken breast.  Two shared a side of macaroni and cheese and two shared the garlic spinach.. . The steaks for both of us were done perfectly just as we ordered.  The pommes frites were excellent.  The spinach and mac and cheese were both great!  We had an extremely pleasant dinner.  It was a fine evening with my wife and two good friends from the east.. . Of course the view of the Bellagio fountains across the street was very good.  This time I didn't notice Mon Ami silence their music so you could hear the fountain music.  Also, the restaurant was quite noisy.  Part of that was street noise.  I deduct a half point for that and although our server was basically good, a half point for forgetting to bring the iced teas until reminded 5 minutes later and for a general attitude that just seemed to rub me the wrong way.. . What better way to spend two hours on a summer evening than dining with 2 good friends, enjoying good conversation and have a very good meal!  I really like Mon Ami Gabi!. . A bientot!
Went to Vegas for my birthday weekend and this was one of many places we went in between the gambling. The service here was excellent, food quality was awesome.
Best French Onion soup I've ever had!!. . The bread at the beginning of the meal was delicious!. . We sat at the edge of the terrace on the inside of the restaurant, but still had a good view of the strip and people-watching. We stopped by Monday and easily got a reservation for 7:30 Tues night for 2.. . Steak was delicious in the herb butter, but the fries were more like potato chips, wasn't as big a fan. The steak was pretty big and I was full though, so I didn't eat a lot of them. Probably my only complaint.. . Sangria was good and they had Sam Adams for my husband. Really enjoyed our dinner!
Great food for the price.. . I had the roast chicken since I wasn't hungry enough for steak.  Good, not great. Cook perfectly!. . French Onion soup was so-so.. . Steaks are cut thin so dont expect anything thick and juicy but the flavors were great (sample from friends).. . The Liver mousse and event he free carrot salad for the bread was great!  Don't fill up on the bread as its very hard to stop eating it!
Came here for dinner before my boyfriend and I went to see the Cirque Du Soleil show Mystere. I had looked at the menu earlier in the day and there were quite a few things that I was interested in, however we had eaten a larger lunch than we had anticipated and ended up just getting appetizers. . . Anyways, I got the Endive & Bleu Cheese salad--it was SO delicious! It is very simple; endive, bleu cheese, arugula, and grapes with a very light vinaigrette dressing. In the past the endive I have had has been slightly bitter, but this was just perfect! Also, the bleu cheese was pretty mild (which I prefer). Again, very simple but if you are looking for a salad before dinner I HIGHLY recommend it!. . My boyfriend got the french onion soup--it was alright, not the best I have had though. It wasn't horrible or anything, but I have made this type of soup before and I felt like mine was better! Oh well. . . Third thing we shared was the shrimp cocktail--with HUGE shrimp! Shrimp was good, so was the tartar sauce. Can't really mess it up too much... . We tried the mojito as well (I was immediately drawn to it because it had St. Germain and Champagne in it..it was very good!) Their version of Sangria was delicious also.. . I guess this might not be the greatest review since we didn't really eat substantial food there lol, but I guess just try the salad, I swear it's amazing!
ask for the patio seating so you can get a look at the bellagio fountains while stuffing yourself (trees are kinda blocking most of the views but it's nice to sit outside and be part of the strip during your dining experience.. . They served this amazing bread with pickled olive dish as I sat down which made me instantaneously happy.   Vegas tends to do that: they make you instantaneously happy or sad...and instantaneously broke (rarely rich).   . . Fries were unique and I really loved it (pretty addicting).  My ribeye was cooked more like a medium than medium rare and though it wasn't the best ribeye, it was good enough.. . not worth mentioning: not-so-great oysters and descent spinach/garlic dish .  Wait...I feel like I forget to mention something.  Oh yea, please treat yourself with their French Onion Soup and the white bread pudding!. . Wait can be long.  Make sure to have reservations.
After hearing my aunt recommend Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast, my family decided to make our way over there when we made yet another trip to Vegas.. . I was glad to have arrived there at 8am on a weekday and be seated immediately, since I read reviews stating that it can get pretty busy on the weekends. We were seated right by the entrance of the patio, so we still got a great view of the strip without suffering from the infamous Vegas heat. The restaurant has a great ambiance and really makes you feel like you're in Paris! Our waitress was very attentive, friendly, and helpful, too, which I always, ALWAYS appreciate.. . I read some reviews mentioning the waffles were supposed to be good, so I ended up ordering the blueberry waffles. You yelpers definitely have good taste because holy crap those waffles were GOOOOOOD! They were fresh, tasted homemade (even better because I can't make waffles like they do) with nice crispy edges and a crunchy/soft middle. I was super impressed with the blueberries they used because each one was nice and sweet, not a sour one in the bunch they poured over my waffles! The whipped cream tasted homemade, too, which really made the waffles that much more amazing, so good. Seriously. I could've eaten the whipped cream with a spoon. And lastly, the warm, blueberry syrup was TDF - perfect amount of sweetness!. . I can't wait to come back and try their Filet Mignon w/ Merlot Butter Sauce!
SCALLOPS(suggestion from waiter): Excellent.. FILET MIGNON WITH MERLOT BUTTER: Ahhhmazing. BONE-IN RIBEYE: Ahhhmazing again.. . Boyfriend and I came here for our 5 year anniversary on July 4th with a reservation that I made on yelp. Our waiter was really informative (like naming everything on the menu - not to lie, I lost him after "I'm your waiter for the night"). . . Long story short, it was a BEAUTIFUL dinner!! The waiter suggested the scallops and it was a great choice! The filet mignon was really tender and the bone-in ribeye was like the size of my face (no joke and it was really REALLy good with the berenaise). The waiter was cool and attentive but after we got our entrees, he totally ignored us (minus a star). BUT our drinks were always full because of the other guy, who was really nice. . . I would definitely eat here again. Mouth is watering as we speak . -____-
Good food, good sangria, and a fantastic view of the Bellagio fountain!  My lunch at Mon Ami Gabi was simple and delicious, and I found myself staring at other tables' food as well.  I had a salad and the crab cake appetizer and my friend said her summer tomato and avocado salad was perfect.  Plus, they had nice misters to save us from the heat!
Great dinner for a decent Vegas price. Crab cake was pretty good but the grape and almond soup de jour was delicious and different.
Spent a week in Vegas and had three breakfast's here. . . Service is very good, especially for Vegas in the morning.. . The corned beef hash is extraordinary and they make the corned beef in house, large succulent chunks of meat not the mush typically found in other restaurants.. . Egg white and turkey omelet was great too (for an egg white omelet). . Last breakfast there I had the brie and mushroom omelet, it was fantastic! My wife had the french toast which consisted of huge slices (2"+ thick) of Mon Ami's, made in house, brioche and blueberry coulis other than the sugar high that wore off a couple hours later this was easily the best french toast either of us had ever had.. . The only downside of Mon Ami, other than the location 1,500 miles from me, is that it makes homemade breakfast seem pitiful in comparison.
Ate at Mon Ami Gabi for Dinner. I made the reservation via Yelp/Open Table. We had:. . Carafe of "Frangria": sweet, refreshing french version of sangria. . Baked Cheese: it was okay. tangy tomato sauce with a soft baked cheese in the middle served with a baguette baked with butter and herbs. It was alright, but should've stuck with the french onion soup.. . Bordelaise Steak and Frites: Thin steak that was perfectly prepared medium as requested. Frites were fresh and crispy. . . Bone-in Rib Eye and Frites: Flavorful and tender 22oz steak served with a side of Bernaise sauce. I didn't need the sauce since the steak was so flavorful. Frites were delicious and addicting.. . Our dining experience was great. Service was helpful however "quiet. Sorry, no dessert as we were stuffed. I recommend that you try sitting on the patio for the people watching action. Vegas never ceases to amaze with stupid human behavior. Watch the Bellagio water show on the patio too.
Everyone in your party must be present before you can be seated. Luckily, they don't have some odd policy about showing up late for a reservation.. . I already liked the place as soon as I walked in... a candle at every table created a relatively peaceful environment as opposed to the noisy and busy Las Vegas lifestyle.. . I started off with soup du jour (soup of the day) which was chilled potato soup with bread crumbs. It did not suit my taste at all. I had 1/3 spoonful and that was the end of it. I feel terrible for wasting food like that, but I couldn't stand it, and I'm even a huge fan of potato-related food!. . For my entree, I ordered Sea Scallops, and I must say it was delicious. It was a plate of 5 or 6 pieces of baked scallops in veloute sauce, mushrooms, and asparagus. Though the portion was quite small, I enjoyed every bite.. . Unfortunately my friends didn't have a very wonderful time with their steak orders, two of which were Steak Au Poivre and Bearnaise. On the bright side, those orders came with their signature hand-cut fries. And man oh man, those were crisp, chew, and addicting!. . Also, we had a pretty nice view of the Bellagio fountain!
I sort of hate to admit that one of my absolute favorite places to eat in Vegas and someplace we eat at at least once or twice each trip is a hotel restaurant, but the food is just plain awesome!  Breakfast s great and the people watching, if you sit outside, is the best show in town. What can be more fun than eggs at 7:30 am while watching the wrecked people stumble by that haven't been to bed yet.
Went there with a party of 13 and the service and food was excellent.  This is an excellent choice for a mid-priced meal in Vegas.  Call ahead though they were telling people at the door 45 - 60 minute wait times.
Thanks to birthday girl this was a nice spot to enjoy a nice evening talking about random things not meant for the dinner table! Haha.. good times! . . Nice view of that fountain across the street weeee...I thought we're in a drought? Great for people watching if you're sitting in the patio. We sat inside, but it was still kinda hot. . . We all had a bite of the dishes we ordered... I really enjoyed my flattened herb chicken breast and salad. Mmmm butter! I also liked the filet mignon...soft and tender.... . Yes...order a bottle of wine to go with your meal. You might as well if you're going to have more than one glass!
If you're like me who would rather not dine buffet-style and who detests waiting in long lines for a table in a restaurant, Mon Ami Gabi provides an excellent alternative for food when you're in Vegas. Compared to the long line at the buffet in Paris Vegas inside the building, Mon Ami Gabi had tables immediately available when I visited over Fourth of July weekend. Seating on the porch was great to catch the fountain shows in the afternoon at Bellagio right across from the street, and the mist on the porch helped keep the temperature down even though tables were outside while it was over 100 degrees in the city.
I came here for lunch with my boyfriend and had a great experience. We requested to sit on the inside of the patio so we could have a view, and not be scorched by the sun! They were very accommodating It felt like a lovely little bistro, but with the Bellagio sitting right ahead. The waiters were nice and helpful. I ordered an off-menu frisee salad that was served over lightly marinated asparagus, and featured a nice poached egg on top. The dressing was light and fresh, and had delicious bits of orange pulp. It had a great combination of flavors that I thoroughly enjoyed. My boyfriend ordered the scallops with caramelized onions and fennel, which were served on cute metal "sea shells". He licked it up. We finished lunch off with the obligatory coffee and latte - a nice pause in a busy city. We'll likely be back again!
Love it!! Great scenery (right across from the Bellagio Fountains). We literally watched about 3-4 shows from the Fountain while having lunch. I definitely recommend the onion soup and the salmon. The salmon was so good! The sauce was interestingly tasty! Service was okay. There was no wait when we went at around 2:30pm. It's a cute place to have lunch. It is located in Paris Hotel. To finish off lunch/dinner, go get the eiffel tower drink if you haven't tried it already!
Was here for a conference and LOVED the ambiance in here. Patio and cozy, breezy experience was great for breakfast. I especially appreciated the great service and well made breakfast that I had. . . Not usually in Vegas but next time I come, I'll be here for dinner.
I had a $25 lettuce entertain you gift card so I brought it with me to Las Vegas and had a very pricey breakfast, but ... no complaints, it was good.. . We got seated right away outside, it was still reasonably comfortable enough to eat outside in July in Las Vegas.  We were told the specials, I opted for one of them - a fancy eggs benedict and apple juice, which was a lighter color as it was REAL apple juice, not the kind from a machine or bottle.  We also started our meal with a blackberry bran muffin which was super yummy.
Nice place to have brunch, we had reservations for 2pm and we were seated promptly. I would say we all made very good decisions when ordering, I had the Salmon salad which was delicious! My friends ordered cheddar burger, brie burger, and the smoked salmon. Wish we could have tried their breakfast though. Everything is fairly priced. . . We did not experience the worse service by our waiter Jose, nor the most attentive either, as in a couple of occasions we had to look around for Jose so he could bring our missing items/orders to the table; but he got a break from us as he was very patient when taking our order and suggesting a few menu items. . . If it wasn't because we all had a bad hangover I'm sure we all would have taken advantage of the bloody Mary bar/buffet. . . The restaurant however does not have a restroom, instead you have to exit the restaurant and go to the casino in search of a restroom, not cool! specially when all you do is wash your hands, I cannot imagine an emergency...
Went here for a little bit of a nicer dinner, but still on The Strip. Nothing too fancy, just a decent steak for a reasonable price. I had some cheese to start and a glass of wine with their magnificent bread. My dining companion had the French onion soup, which she loved.. . We both had the steak frites, me with the red wine sauce and she had the bleu cheese sauce. Hers was better than mine and I'm not even a bleu fan! Huge portions for a really good price. Lots of frites, very yummy. Would return.. . The inside of the restaurant was very cute, make a reservation, though, because it gets packed. . You cannot reserve an outside table, those are on first-come-first-served basis and are the hot property in Vegas at night because you can water the Bellagio water fountain show, though I'd imagine every 15 minutes during your meal that it would be annoying...
Had my first meal in Vegas here and omg was it a delight. We opted to dine in their open patio, in 100+ heat lol. I was fine since we were seated underneath a table with a canopy. . . I ordered a glass of Rose and it accompanied my BLT tartine, a French style open faced sandwich perfectly. The bread was perfectly toasted and buttered.  The lettuce, tomatoes and avocado was so fresh and crisp and such a nice light meal in the Vegas heat. . . But i must share with you that although my meal was light and perfect for a lunch the bf ordered their mussel in cream sauce and OMG i almost had foodgasm. The flavor of the cream sauce was so rich but it did not overpower the taste of the mussel, and the mussel was sweet and tender, not rubbery or stiff.  . . I am still debating if that was onion in the cream sauce or sauerkraut because the texture and taste was sour but crisp and with onion once its cooked down it does not hold a crisp texture plus it tends to taste sweet not tart.  . . Anywho i cannot wait to visit this eatery again and i shall hunt down a French recipe for mussel in cream sauce.
I have two favorite steakhouses in Las Vegas. This is one and the other is a green building that I wont mention next to MGM Grand.. . Mon Ami Gabi really shines in the steaks that are served with something. I can't recall exactly what it was but I believe it was the blue cheese. The wine list here is pretty good and most of the reds compliment the steaks very well. We had a large party of 10 for a bachelor pad and the seated us quickly (without reservations) and the service was spot on.. . The view is nice and romantic for couples. Inside is more where the family action is at. I always look to this as one of my defaults if I do know want to search for food. How can you go wrong with the potatoe frites and a great fillet and a red wine?
With a girlfriend of mine, went here twice on our vacay to Vegas and absolutely loved it. The first night, before heading out for the night, we got dressed up and decided to have a fancy dinner. Their fresh, warm baguettes are AMAZING. We both had the French Onion soup and shared a bottle of their house Chardonnay. The soup was soooooo delicious. Burnt cheese is always delicious. Brothy and full of flavor, I don't think I've ever had a better French onion soup. Their wine was yummy, but we are not wine connoisseurs, so we could really have cared less- just wanted to catch a buzz. Our waitress wasn't the greatest. A little slow and seems disinterested in our table.. .  The second time, we grabbed lunch. Baguette was a little hard, but still tasty. My friend got the soup again and I swear it tasted EVEN better than the night before. I had the Shrimp Cocktail and it was delish. Jumbo shrimp were served on ice with a really yummy cocktail sauce with fresh garlic on top. So good! Much better service this time around.
Oui oui, I am a fan. Lunch reservations at Mon Ami Gabi with an excellent seating area, we were in between the outdoor and indoor area (near the bar) with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio Water show. Quite hungover and sleepy, I was still able to enjoy the lunch. Started with fresh warm baguette and butter. I chose the warm chicken and brie sandwich. It was amazing, the apple slices add a fresh crunch and sweetness to the sandwich. I sampled one of my friend's onion soup which was AMAZING! . . If ever I am back in Vegas, I'd love to come and try this restaurant again.
If you're looking to get breakfast on the Strip, I'd recommend this place.. . While it's a little pricey (it is on the Strip after all), it's still cheaper getting breakfast here than a lot of comparable lunches nearby.. . I recommend the blueberry French toast.  Delish!  The crepes with chicken, apple, and cheese were good, too, but not nearly as much as the French toast.
My wife and I were in town with her sister and her sister's husband for the weekend and upon doing some Yelp research it seemed like this restaurant was the most reviewed restaurant with a 4+ star score and two dollar signs.  Definitely a must try.. . We made reservations for 7:30pm on Friday night.  It was a good move because the place was packed and there was a long wait for walk-ins.  Make reservations!  There is a patio outside that is heavily air conditioned and provides a view to the Bellagio fountains (albeit with some trees in the way) and LV Blvd.  Even in the heat of Summer, the A/C makes sitting out there reasonable.  It's pretty crazy.. . The inside is pretty large and has a dim, romantic vibe to it.  Classy but not stuffy.  It was bustling with activity and somewhat cozy with the tables.  We were seated a little late because the place was so packed and they were running behind.. . When we sat we got some wine and ordered.  Ultimately, we ordered the filet mignon done three ways (standard, au poivre, and with blue cheese) and a chicken dish.  My advice: stick to the steak.  I can't speak to the normal steak, but the filets were excellent.  Well prepared, super tender, excellent flavor, and reasonably filling at 8oz portions.  Very good for $32.  The chicken, on the other hand, was disappointing to my sister-in-law's husband.. . The dishes come with either frites, which are basically thinly sliced french fries made crispy, or mashed potatoes.  The frites are good but not amazing.  The mashed potatoes are really good, though.  The mac 'n cheese is also pretty good.  Creme brulee was so so.. . Summary: Get reservations.  Get the filet mignon, or maybe the standard steak.  Don't bother with anything else.  Mashed potatoes are great.  Frites are ok (if you like crispy, then they are more than ok).  Very reasonable for the quality and taste of everything.  Not a cheap dinner, but a good one for the package.  Would definitely come back again.
I have always wanted to come here (after being skillfully taught some elementary French)... And after many years of it being on my list I finally made my way here! I checked in through yelp to make a reservation and asked for a table on the patio in the shade... I was reluctant that this would work.... But technology has come far:) . . So, my date and I walked in through the entrance of the Paris and I thought we were under-dressed!! The ambiance was very sexy and classy... And we were in t-shirt and jeans. Luckily, as yelp says, it is a casual wear restaurant, do not be fooled by its embellishments! We got a table outside and were promptly given water. Our waitress seemed unimpressed with us and made some rare and slow appearances. . . Aside from the service we enjoyed the food. I got the warm chicken and brie, and I understand why it is so popular on yelp. It's a thin flavorful fillet of chicken paired with melty, creamy brie... The thin apple strips and sauteed onions bring sweetness and complement the chicken and brie. My date got the steak frites with peppercorn sauce and was very satisfied with his dish. . . I was confused with the frites... Not what I was expecting... But to each his own. The frites are perfect for those who like their French fries extra crispy! . . All in all, I enjoyed the experience. The patio wasn't uncomfortable despite the warm summer sun thanks to the shade and the misters! The food is not overpriced and I hope to be back.... Hopefully at night, with a straight view of the Bellagio fountains.
We didn't have plans to dine at Mon Ami Gabi on this night. We were gonna eat somewhere downtown, but it was scary and we headed back to Paris. I ran back to the room to drop off our box of Dunkin Donuts, and my husband grabbed a table. The wait for the outdoor seats was 90 minutes, so he just nabbed a seat inside.. . Our waiter was very sweet, making a few jokes after I finally showed up. The fresh, crusty bread came with this cherry tomato/corn salad thing that was delicious. I had the half chicken & frites, while the husband had the chicken paillard. My chicken was very herby, and the chicken skin (my favorite part) was nicely crisped. The husband loved the paillard. He got a side of macaroni gratin, which he loved, but I wasn't that crazy about it. Even our glasses of Roy Rogers tasted better than most places.. . My only real gripe is that it was a little too dark inside. I know it was all about the ambiance, but I still wanted to see where I was cutting my chicken.. . Going by all the reviews, it sounds like we'll have to try their breakfast.
Oh so delicious! Reservations a must, even if you have to wait in a crazy line to be seated!!. We requested seating on the patio and were seated immediately at 8pm. The cool air from the restaurant was perfect to deflect the heat of the night! The fountains of Bellagio and the people on the sidewalk made for a perfect night. Our waiter was very stern faced, no smile but very informative and attentive. Our bus person was smiling and and great with water service and brought a complimentary appetizer and some bread. Our table had had a mishap prior to our seating and not all the spilled water had been cleaned up. Sitting in it was unpleasant and NOT being offered something to dry with by the waiter was unpleasant but thankfully the night air took care of that quickly! . . Salmon was good, a bit salty but the pea sauce was YUM YUM YUM! Burger with Blue cheese was tasty good. Wine and cocktails very good. Overall the atmosphere is what makes this sooo special. At the end of the evening, our waiter brought the bill and along with it an EAR TO EAR GRIN!
So hard including this name "Mon Ami Gabi" in our conversation. Frustrated friend: "Augh I don' t know, the Gabi thing in front!!". . Came here because. 1) Right in front of our hotel. 2) They specialize in slabs of cow :)***. . I was very set on ordering the filet mignon with merlot butter once I skimmed the Yelp reviews and was told by our waitress that it was Mon Ami Gabi's house special.. . By the way, we had the most thorough and humble waitress. She didn't constantly check on us, but made sure that the our food was delivered as ordered. . She noticed that my girlfriend's cesar salad was dressed when she clearly said "dressing on the side," but my friend insisted it was okay. At the end, the waitress apologized as we got a free ice cream profiterole with hazelnut chocolate sauce. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=DVi5g-v4i81TzV_X5owU2g ..APOLOGY ACCEPTED!!. . I would say the filet mignon was too legit (to quit), I know why they're known for it. It seemed to be cooked medium at first upon the sides, but later realized that toward the center it was medium rare as I requested. I expected the size to be "petit" but it was big enough for me to feel guilty for leaving some behind. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=zxQGjORGM_oGCDJZX0IYNg. . I wish they had better sides than the frites, they reminded me of chips. I prefer something creamier, less oily & fried things for my steak sides (heh).. . Everyone else enjoyed their meal, and everyone was entertained/distracted by our friend trying to slice our table's loaf of house bread. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=Z6_9c7qeqRbbY2VQX3im4g . . Gabi est mon ami!
The Las Vegas version of a Chicago classic.  It's one of our Vegas favorites for several reasons.  Well located in the Paris, great view of the Bellagio fountains and a well priced menu.  Lately, we've been stopping in for lunch.  I LOVE the chicken sandwich with brie, apples and carmelized onions.  Great place to have a glass of champagne, relax and take in the people watching.
This seafood bistro is certainly conveniently-placed, and if the people dining al fresco seem insane (since Las Vegas is on the surface of the Sun), there's plenty of seating inside, and the interior is beautiful.. . Poor:. Green beans side (bits of garlic, no particular taste, waxy texture). . Fair:. Onion soup (sweet, lightly flavored). Frites (somewhere between a potato chip and a fry; didn't like). Peppercorn burger (burger ok, sauce weak, bun uninteresting). . Good:. Glass of "Frangria" (ok, 3 of them; liked the grapes inside). Crab and Gouda-stuffed salmon with a mustard creme fraiche (the cream really doesn't taste of mustard; don't let it dissuade you). . Great:. Gluten-free toast and warmed olives (courtesy of our waitress, learning that we needed a gluten-free menu). The service (see above -- generous, prompt, glasses refilled or replaced quickly). Appearance -- I like the classic looks of the place (inside). . If I went back, I know the food would be good, and I'd have eliminated some things I now know they don't do to my taste. This place is traditional and classy, and with that being pretty rare in the vicinity, that's what I'd go back for.
I was here July 5th. The chocolate chip and bacon waffle was so good I am trying to find a substitute here in Los Angeles. . The patio overlooks the strip and is great for observing the activity on the street. Our waiter was very nice.
Mon Ami Gabi is located in Paris hotel (visible on the Vegas strip).  I've passed by it numerous times but never gotten a chance to try it until my friend hosted my Bridal Shower Brunch here.  . . We were seated on the patio which had an atrium feel.  It was very romantic.  With our large party, our server was so on task and efficient.  He  was probably the best server I've ever had-- incredibly attentive and nice.  . . I decided to order my go to dish- Eggs Benedict.  There is nothing better than breaking that yolk into the hollandaise sauce and soaking it up with the English muffin and ham.  I had to deduct a star because my English muffin was hard as a rock.  It was probably sitting on the hot plate for too long and got stale as it was waiting.  Other than that, the poached egg and sauce was great.  . . I also tried my friend's savory crepe and skinny pancakes.  They were both very good.  . . The entire restaurant was so nice and accommodating to our party.  It probably helps that you were going to be a bride very soon.  But nonetheless, I really enjoyed the food, ambiance, and company.
3.8. I'm a little indifferent about Mon Ami Gabi. . . I've been here twice. Once for lunch, and another for dinner. . . Lunch: Sat outdoors. Great view of the strip, enjoyed the nice weather and crazy "Las Vegans". The Egg Benedict was delicious, so I wouldn't recommend coming here to cure your hangover. Enjoy your lunch. . . Dinner: I came here about a month ago, and sat indoors. It's a little bit more intimate, however, the service was definitely not up to PAR this time around. The waitress kept cutting us off...uhmm.... RUDE!!! I say, if we want to order a la carte, let us!!! . . Escargot: must try. . Raw Oysters: yum yum, slurp slurp. . Filet Mignon: I ordered medium rare, but it came out medium. Still good. . Frites: I prefer Mcdonald's french fries. . . Food was great. Service could improve.
Love this place. Been there two times, each for dinner. Service is not great but the food is! Ask to sit by the windows so you can enjoy the fountains! AND there are 2 bars, go sit at the one towards the fountains near the front rather than the one at the hostess station.
Came here for a romantic dinner with the BF, sat inside because we had a reservation and didn't want to wait, and loved it!. . We knew from the get go we wanted to get the seafood platter (meant to share) and we decided to get a couple of appetizers.  We narrowed it down and asked the waitress to help us decide.  We ended up going for:. . 1. Seafood platter - lobster, oysters, and shrimp.  It only came with 4 oysters I think, but everything tasted wonderful.  Shrimps were huge! Lobster was such a treat.. 2. Baked cheese - just... awesome.  Never had anything like it.. 3. Chicken liver mouse (think pate) - good!  loved the little breads, olives, and pickles that came with it.  . . All highly recommended. It was plenty for two people, we even took some home.  Baked cheese for breakfast ftw.  I love how they give you a baguette and butter too.  Service was great.. . Oh, and seeing the couple get engaged near us was also very cute!  I definitely want to go back and try the fish and steak next time!
Sat outside at the patio during dinner. The weather was perfect and we enjoyed the fountain show of the Bellagio. . . We were quickly seated and offered some complementary bread and orzo salad. It was delicious. . . The brother, sister, and I all enjoyed our burgers. The meat was cooked perfectly and the fries were as good as I remembered them from last year. . . My mom is a HUGE oyster's fan. She ordered a dozen oysters and finished them before I could finish half of my burger. She ordered another half dozen which were out very quick. To say she loved them is an understatement. . . Dad ordered a steak, I'm not sure which. But he seemed to really like it. . . The waitress was very fun and friendly. She seemed to be having a good day or something. Nonetheless, the siblings and I loved her. My dad (very Mexican) asked another waiter (who was Mexican) for recommendations. This waiter was also very nice and friendly.
I would ABSOLUTELY eat here again. . . FOOD - 4.5 Stars. Went with a group and had.... Ham & Cheese Crepe. Warm Chicken and Brie Sandwich. Prime Steak Sandwich - Don't expect too much steak. It's a nearly 4:1 bread: filling ratio. But the flavor and tenderness of the steak  were excellent. . 2 Cheeseburgers (one with Blue cheese) - Both cooked with premium beef and cooked as requested. . . Everything was excellent. All sandwiches came with the hand-cut frites. (Though I prefer regular fries, these were tasty for what they were). . SERVICE - 4 Stars. Our server was very friendly and did his job of pushing some new vodka they were carrying on us. (Having worked in the food industry, I understand that they have to do this. But no one really likes it.) But he forgot to bring out first course salad we requested. They resolved the issue beautifully - apologized and comped it. (Good service is about doing right by your customers) . . SCENERY - 5 Stars. One of the best spots to eat outside in Vegas. Outdoors patio is cooled with a refreshing water mist. It's located right across from the Bellagio fountains and right in the heart of the strip. So plenty to see and discuss in a cool (in temperature) atmosphere.
Hubby and I have been long-time fans of Mon Ami Gabi.  And we'll be forever grateful for that one New Year Eve when naive me and friends neglected to make reservations for dinner.  We initially rejected MAG's $99 prix fixe deal but then went crawling back after calling place after place, demanding upwards of $1,000 PER PERSON.. . Mon Ami Gabi rewarded our patronage with front-row seats to the Bellagio fountain show under comfortable heaters (keep in mind this was winter time!) on the patio.  The food was seriously plentiful and delicious.  I will never forget the escargot - it was simply to die for.. . Our most recent visit was last month.  Yes, our table was not in the ideal location (in the bar area) and we were seated next to a table of ignorant early 20's, probably having a first meal in a French restaurant (one guy told our waiter the French onion soup wasn't what he expected.  Really?  Because they do it real and delicious here.). . Must haves: Baked cheese...downside - they don't give you nearly enough bread; scallop entree - you get FIVE large sea scallops (which is 2 more than most other places) which were perfectly seasoned and cooked and of course, their steak....I asked for the bearnaise sauce with my ribeye but in the end, hardly used any of it.  My steak was perfectly cooked and the leftover half of it tasted just as good (though a bit cooler) later that night.. . Service was...interesting.  Very attentive but maybe a little smarmy.  Our waiter was French.  How original...a French server (with a French name) in a French restaurant.  Our table took bets on whether his accent was real or not.  Surprisingly, everyone thought it was fake!  None of us had the balls to really ask but it was entertaining and quite fun. He was a very nice gentleman and I would love to have him serve us again though I can't remember his name...Claude??. . Mon Ami Gabi was our first love in Las Vegas and it will always remain dear in our hearts.
Mmmm get the chicken liver pate.  Fantastic and so smooth.  . . The steak was also excellent.  Very tender and cooked deliciously.  The fries were a bit too salty for my tastes, honestly.  . . Tarte tatin for dessert was very rich.
The filet was one of the best I've ever had and the muscles were the biggest I've ever seen!  All while sipping great wine and watching the fountains.  Divine!
came here on a sunday night for a friend's bday. we couldn't decide what to eat so we went on yelp to find restuarants. we narrowed the list down my the ratings and price range. came across Mon Ami Gabi inside Paris Hotel. 4 stars, a french rest, & with 2 dollar signs!  so we decided to check this place out.  Forgot to call in for reservations, always call in advance for reservations by the way (it's crowded!) we came in at 730pm, for a party of 8, we waited for 30 min which wasn't too bad. We were glad we chose the outside seating. the view was amazing. we had the table right in front of Belagio water show. very nice seating. Most of us ordered either the new york steak or filet mignon- my friends had no complaint of the food. I ordered the salmon with spinach and walnuts- amazing!  I asked the waitress do they have anything special for my friends' bday, towards the end, she brought out a plate of vanilla ice cream cake, free of charge too. The only thing I wasn't too fond of was that it seemed like they were rushing us out.  We got the table around 815, and left before 10p.  The price is extremely decent for the quality of food. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone!
The steak here was very good and cooked perfectly. I love the fried potatoes that come with the meal. I think my favorite part was the bread and the foie gras! Would def come here again when i get the chance
Okay... I B Messi-can..... and mexican food to me is just what i eat at  home.... Very few places have great food.... This is one of those places.... LOVE this place... Great food, . If you want good Food you won't be disappointed....
Came her for breakfast and was SUPER glad I made a reservation. The place was jam packed for a Sunday morning, obviously. It is a cute little quaint restaurant that really does remind you of being in France. . . I had their French toast which was amazingly good. The syrup wasn't too sweet but was savory. . . Everyone was really nice and, even though it was insanely crowded, we only had one huge issue that we just let go. . . When I am on the Strip again,I will definitely go back. Remember: MAKE RESERVATIONS.
I liked this place. Would I go back? maybe. To many choices to just go to one place in Vegas.. The scallops were very good and the seared tuna salad was OK. Problem is I have had amazing seared ahi tuna salad so my judgment was probably impaired. For the price I was very happy, in this town especially on the strip you pay too much for crap. . If you wondering were to go and you near go ahead and mozy on in you wont be disappointed.
I ate here for breakfast, lunch and dinner throughout my week in Vegas.  Each meal was great.  Sat on patio at night for view of fountains and ate sea bass (so delicious).  For breakfast: had quiche, very creamy and delicious, great fresh squeezed orange juice, above average coffee.  Had crab salad for lunch also very good.  Overall I recommend this restaurant for any meal.  Service was consistently good, food was always above average and the ambiance is nice especially at night on the patio.
Huge scallops, perfect sear, yummy veloute? Why not? My husband's pork was perfectly cooked though you must request medium rare--they tend towards medium well otherwise. Apps were nothing special: the warm brie was tasty, the country pate was nice, the duck confit leg was merely acceptable. But in this pricy town, Mon Ami Gabi is a rare thing--a mid range priced restaurant with good quality food. Back home, I wouldn't recommend this restaurant but in Vegas it is the Americana version of classic French Bistro without breaking the bank. Did I mention those big, juicy scallops? Gabi is definitely mon ami. Dude, even the name is super americanized--there should be an "e" at the end of ami if Gabi is female, non?
Hands down one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. I mean we eat here at least 2-3 times each trip to Vegas. The service tends to be very attentive and the prices are not wallet busting unlike some of the other places around town. I would be hard pressed to say what may favorite meal is here- breakfast ,lunch or dinner. So I will include my favorites from each- for breakfast I like the breakfast specials- they usually have at least two -one sweet and one savory -a crepe with fruit or some sort of Eggs Benedict du jour for example. For lunch I love the croque monsieur- a french version of a grilled  ham and cheese sandwich but don't let the simplicity fool you it is TASTY. Dinner favorite is the roast chicken and frites. Nice view of the fountains at the Bellagio across the street if you get a seat on the patio, but unless you come at an off hour the waits can be long for seating anywhere in this place.
It was a very good here.  Location is second to none.  Sitting on the strip and eating is great.  Food was pretty good.  I would come back here again.  It was also cool to watch the Bellagio Fountains while eating dinner.
This is the restaurant right outside and connected to Paris hotel. 7 of us came here for lunch and there was no wait to sit outside in the cute French-inspired patio! Yay! It was great because there were misters to keep us cool in the heat, and we got a great view of the Bellagio water show across the street!. . First of all, the bread was reallyyyy good. My friends were ooh-ing and mmm-ing over how perfect it was. I'm not too huge of a bread fan but I do admit, they made that warm baguette just right! As for the entree, I tried the grilled salmon and spinach salad which also came with blueberries, walnuts, avocado, and citrus dressing. It was very fresh and delicious! I loved it! I also had a bite of my friend's chicken and brie and green apple sandwich which was also reallyyy yummy! . . We were in a hurry to get to Encore Beach Club by a certain time so we requested super fast service from our waiter, and sure enough, he delivered! Woot! Food came out within 10-15 minutes. Overall, we had a great experience here. I would love to dine here again!
This "steak pommes frites"-style French bistro at the Paris Hotel Casino is a fairly typical bistro, made outstanding by the sidewalk view of the Bellagio fountain show, particularly stunning at night. Service was excellent, even though the bistro was packed, busy and noisy.
The service was accommodating and patient. It was nice sitting in the sun out on the patio as you could watch the strip alive with people passing by.
I came to Vegas with 3 of my friends, and we tried a bunch of restaurants. Our first stop was this place for breakfast.. . We ordered:. Chocolate bacon waffle. Croissant sandwich with turkey. cinnamon pancakes. banana muffin. pain de chocolate. spinach and green vegetable omelette. . The cinnamon pancakes were the best out of everything we ordered. They looked more like an unfolded crepe. We all agreed to give this place 4 stars. Good service & good food!
This is one of my favorite spots in Vegas...and i try to go every time I visit!. Not only is the food pretty good, but it's one of the only outdoor restaurants in Vegas, and the people watching cannot be beat!  . . This is the spot for delicious wine, oysters, and a good burger or steak frite.  The food is basic, but flavorful...and the service is always impeccable.  I've had most things are their menu, from crepes to burgers to salads to fish...and everything's been tasty.  They have an amazing wine by the glass list and lots of yummy cocktails (the French Martini is one to try!)...They also have perhaps the best bread and gooey butter anywhere outside of the real Paris.. . Definitely worth checking out for lunch or brunch, when they have an awesome Make Your Own Bloody Mary Bar.  I haven't ever been for dinner, but I'm sure it would be great, too.
Came here for an anniversary dinner with my wife - decided to be a tourist for a night and enjoy the strip.  Started off with some cocktails (their french sangria was particularly notable as an interesting and simple choice).  Server was friendly, fellow long time local and Green Valley-ite.  All in all, food was good (enjoyed the Frisee salad the most), but, in my mind, nothing exceptional - 3 stars for food in my opinion (and I found things a bit pricey - but that is to be expected for a prime strip location run by a national restauranteur like Lettuce Entertain You - who needs to bring back Cafe Babareeba).  Extra star for the view (sat on the patio - only way to go here - between the misters and the setting of the sun - was quite tolerable on an August evening) and the quality of the people and strip-watching.
Came here for breakfast and the outdoor seating was packed!! We had to wait roughly 20 minutes for a table outside, but sitting outside was definitely worth it, considering that it was not hot and their AC blows out towards you, and it has a nice view. . . I got their spinach and green veggie omelette and it perfect. It came with toast, asparagus, and hash browns. The boy toy got the french onion soup and it very, very good too. He also ordered a Bloody Mary, which you can decide to make yourself or have them make it for you. He made it himself at their bloody mary bar. The bloody mary bar was very impressive with tons of things to choose from!!   . . Would definitely come back. Prices are cheap and the employees are nice.
My second time at Mon Ami and it was still delicious. The restaurant has a patio area and an indoor seating area and is located in front of Paris Hotel. What's beautiful about patio seating is the people-watching and the water show at the Bellagio Fountain. A great way to start your day if you're looking for a brunch venue.. . Some awesome things to check out:. . -THE BLOODY MARY BAR: I've never seen a more awesome bar in my life. I've never had a bloody Mary before but the bar in the corner makes me want to start! I never realized that there were so many things you can add to your bloody Mary!. . -The brunch menu: Lose all of your money on that last hand at the blackjack table? That's okay! Items on the menu are $12 or less and are all super delicious!! What's more? You get bottomless bread and butter and the portion sizes are decent! A great deal for this type of dining atmosphere.. . -Get a CARAFE of their red sangria. Though the first time they had citrus fruits and herbs in the carafe, they had split grapes in the carafe this time around--the alcohol-infused grapes are super delicious! It's definitely worth it if you come in a group of 4-6. . . The service is good and the food is great. Not bad for a place on the Las Vegas strip.
Went to Vegas with my parents as a final mini vacay before school starts. This time we went to Mon Ami Gabi for dinner to try the prominent Filet Mignon w/ merlot butter!. . We made a Tuesday, 7:30pm reservation, which I'm really glad we did because it was pretty crowded around that time. We were lucky enough to get a table inside, but by the opening where we could still watch Bellagio's water show.. . They give you a complimentary baguette with some type of seasoned radish/veggie thing on a separate plate. Interesting, but it wasn't anything that great IMO. The baguette was warm and fresh and the butter we slabbed on it made it a great starter to our dinner.. . Here's what we ordered that night:. . 1. BUTTER LETTUCE & APPLE SALAD. - Didn't try it, but my mom seemed to really like it.. . 2. ONION SOUP AU GRATIN. - So good, definitely one of the better french onion soups I've had. It wasn't too salty (which is a common issue most I've had) and the Gruyere cheese melted on top was divine.. . 3. FRANGRIA. - AKA 'French Sangria'. It was really good! I would get again and a glass of it is only $5.. . 4. STEAK BEARNAISE. - Tender, flavorful, good flavoring.. . 5. FILET MIGNON W/ MERLOT BUTTER. - Honestly the best filet mignon I've ever had. It's so tender that it melts in your mouth and that merlot butter sauce they put on it is godly. The frites were tasty and even better when they were sopping up the remaining merlot butter. MMMM!. . 6. HANGER STEAK W/ MERLOT BUTTER. - Tender and pretty similar tasting to the filet mignon (obv. because of the merlot butter). Honestly, I wouldn't mind just ordering this one since it tastes pretty much the same AND it's $20 (cheaper than the filet mignon).. . Their prices aren't that bad when you look at the ambiance and quality of the food and service. Very impressive once again!. . Tips/FYI's:. - Make a reservation just to be safe!. - Their patio seating has a beautiful view of the Bellagio water show, but you can't reserve a table there bc it's a first come, first serve basis :(. - Since we went on a weekday, we noticed it wasn't very crowded around 8pm, so it might be easier to walk-in around that time?
Surprisingly good food quality that was very fresh.  Excellent view if you sit outside and I would consider returning again.  There are many more restaurants that I'd go to over this one that is more intimate and has better quality.  However, Vegas is replete with very disappointing dining - many are upscale and are gimmicky either in the food or in the "atmosphere" - what with moving walls, fire, etc.... anything to distract the fact that your food could be from a frozen dinner.  Not the case here at Mon Ami Gabi.. . The quality is not that bad and at times very good but I cannot imagine cooking for a half dozen restaurants out of a central kitchen and those masses of people and making it possible to consistently turn out excellent food.. . Overall, we loved the food and will return...
4.5 stars.. . First morning in Vegas, so I decided to treat myself to breakfast.  Debated whether to head to the Four Seasons' Verandah or to Paris' Mon Ami Gabi (My Friend Gabi).  Obviously, I decided the latter and am glad for it.  More in the direction I wanted to explore, this beautiful brasserie's setting offered nice natural light and a spectacular view of Bellagio's Fountain promenade.  It doesn't take much imagination to romantically convince yourself you could be in a French cafe somewhere along the Avenue des Champs-Elysees.  Ambiance:  5 stars!    . . I ordered the Corned Beef & Poached Egg served with thick slices of incredible whole wheat toast.  Apart from the corned beef being on the greasy side, a rather tasty and nicely sized portion:  4.5 stars.  This along with my morning cup of Joe; I was set and ready to explore a full day's worth of Vegas!  Service:  4 stars.. . A very beautiful location to kick start my day, gather my mental notes and of course check my yelp bookmarks for places I needed to see.  Off into the sweltering heat I went and early enough that the bulk of the buzzing crowds were not yet awake from their hotel hives.. . Tally:. Ambiance:  5 stars!. Breakfast:  4.5 stars. Service:  4 stars. 5+4.5+4= 13.5/3= 4.5 stars.. . #Yelp 365:  045/365
I had the strangest night at Mon Ami Gabi but the food was so good I had to change in the car after dinner because my clothes were too tight. Forreal forreal.. . So me and gf got seated next to some odd characters. On our left was a couple and it was clear the wife hated her life and wanted her husband to hate his too. One of those non-talking couples where it's so awkward you don't want to even say anything because you know they're listening. At one point the wife stuck her hand into her water cup, grabbed a bunch of ice cubes, and threw them on the table saying, 'there's too much damn ice.' WHO DOES THAT?! Eesh..hint to husband: DIVORCE IS THE ANSWER.. . On our right were two men in their mid-sixties who were a bit overly friendly. Right when I stuffed my mouth with bread they turned to ask about what we were eating. Can't I just open my mouth and show you? It was actually comforting to have pleasant people sitting next to us though with the ice queen on the other side but being constantly interrupted when I'm EATING is a Mari no-no.. . Gf and I spent the whole dinner trying to figure out if our waitress was a twin and if her sister worked there too, or if she was just one person. Different versions of our waitress would serve us- one with glasses, one without, one with a jacket, one without, and she'd change her hair too. We finally realized it was one person but gf swore she was doing it on purpose to mind f*** us.. . BUT ANYWAYYY.. the food. We decided go out straight after dinner and I had the bright idea of wearing a corset. I was cased up like a sausage..and still ordered the steak frites. Which was damn good, juicy and rare, even though I couldn't really breath. Bite, inhale, chew fast so I don't pass out. And their dirty martinis are smooth sailing. Our meal came out to about $90 something which is a little pricey but we got drinks so it's explainable. What I like about Mon Ami is that it's casual but still has that bistro charm.. . It was worth changing in the car into something roomier, flashing the strip as we drove by. Who says looking like I'm about to have a food baby at the club isn't sexy?!?!
Good food, great location, great service, great place to people watch. Located in the frontof the Paris hotel. Outdoor dining is available which looks over the Strip and is across from Bellagio. Sugar Factory is next door. Seating is somewhat squished in though, and you have to trek through the casino to get to the bathroom, but oh well . Place is busy , so reservations would be a good idea. Parking avail at Paris garage.
This place was recommended to us by a frequent visitor to Vegas. We went for brunch one day, and this was the perfect place to nurse a hangover and to have a relaxing meal. We arrived relatively early (before noon on a week day) and so there weren't that many people. I got the onion soup and the brie chicken crepe, and my friend got a sandwich that also had brie in it. The sandwich came with fries. The onion soup was flavorful and sweet, and I enjoyed it a lot. I also liked my crepe, the flavor was light but it definitely filled me up. The portions were rather large so I couldn't even finish everything. I had a bite of my friend's sandwich and that was yummy also.
Vegas is known to have pricey steak dinners and it doesn't even include any side dish.  Mon Ami on the other hand  is affordable =). . I took the BF here for a belated birthday dinner, made reservations thru Open Table and on the note part I had requested for patio table dining.  Call it being smart, I double checked with the restuarant the day of the dinner if they got my message and GUESS WHAT?!  I was told that even with the reservation, we need to come in 15-30 minutes earlier if we wanted guaranteed sitting out in the patio area.  What's the point of making a reservation if we had to do that?  I would've given this review a 5 stars if we didn't have to come in early.  We were able to sit outside and see the Bellagio Fountain show-- it's better to make your reservation at 8 P.M. if you want to wow effect.. . On to the good part, in my head I wanted to order us the hanger steak and the medallion steak but I ordered the wrong one.  Instead, both of us had the steak au poivre.  We were both super hungry and had an early start with the alcohol that I didn't catch it till after I ordered.  I'm glad we didn't order any appetizers because they give you free hot off the oven french bread with butter and an amuse bouche.  . . When the steaks came out it was humongous!  It was almost the size of the whole plate.  At first, I thought the size would be to thin but it wasn't.  The steak was super moist   but I wish there was more sauce to dip in.  The BF says that the frites were super addicting and it kinda reminded me of "Picnic" potato chips.  BTW, if you don't want the frites I think you can ask for mashed potato for an additional fee.. . For dessert, we had creme brulee and it was worth it.  Super smooth and love that burnt taste sugar!  We would definitely come back here again.
Great ambiance and outdoor seating. One star deducted due to the crazy business even early (we came at 8:30am). Our waitress was covering a lot of tables (but very nice). Fresh fruit & yogurt with brown sugar on the side was FANTASTIC. One tip, THE EARLIER YOU GO, THE LESS BUSY!!!!!
Steak Bordelaise with caramelized onions...super Juicy . . The steak bordelaise is the best steak on the menu by far. I've tried the bone in rib eye and it was good. But what blew me away was the steak bordelaise. I loveeee caramelized onions so when it's on anything, I really enjoy eating it. So what made the steak bordelaise was definitely the juicy caramelized onions with the steak. Great price for $25!!. . What I didn't enjoy with the rib eye was probably the bernaise sauce. I felt like it tasted a little bit bland and missing something. The steak was cooked well but I would say it was probably the sauce that was just ok. Price was $40 for not so big of a steak as well. But it's good overall and I'm sure some people would really enjoy it. Just wasn't for me. I would come back for the steak bordelaise. . . Service was good. Food comes out at a decent time. And they give some small appetizers and yummy french bread. And for a formal dining restaurant. They take reservations for really big groups and really accomodating for that if you ever need to celebrate something. . . The reason why it's only a 4 star is just that there is only 1 side with the steak. Altho they give really good signature hand cut fries fried thinly and goes well with the steak. It feels like you're eating the fries for days and just get sick of it after. But overall it's a great experience!
I didn't realize how many French restaurants there are in Vegas! I think they have as many French restaurants as they do slot machines! Ok, ok, you got me, I'm exaggerating there but there are seriously a LOT of French places. . . On my most recent trip (don't judge me, yeah I know I go to Vegas a lot but seriously...its the palce to BEEEE, plus it was the Mayweather vs. Ortiz fight!! COME ON!) So we decided to go to a nicer place for dinner and get ourselves out of the habit of always going to a buffet (although I still LOVE buffets). So we made reservations the day of at like 2pm for 6:15pm so getting a reservation was super easy! . . After hours of lounging by the pool and shopping, we were ready for a goood meal! My girlfriends and I went to Mon Ami because it wasn't too expensive and we knew we'd be getting a pretty good meal. I guess I'll break it down by what each person got.... . Girlfriend #1. Hanger Steak with Mashed Potatoes (I uploaded a picture of it). This was pretty good, she ended up needing steak sauce but that's because she likes the tang of A-1 but I probably could have gone without it! The mashed potatoes were amazing!!. . Girlfriend #2. Hanger Steak with garlic spinach and the half order of mussels. The garlic spinach tasted like this dish my mom makes. Typically served in Korean restaurants but it was wayyy more mooshier, tasted good, but didn't like that it was so mooshy. The mussels are realllly good! The sauce was a bit salty so make sure you save some bread or ask for more! Really delicious!. . Girlfriend #3. Hanger steak with the fries (thinly cut potatoes that are deep fried not really fries) and a side of garlic spinach. She decided not to substitute her fries and she was glad she didn't. The fries really complimented her steak well. . . ME!!!. Rose, French Onion Soup, and the Seared Salmon. The rose was good, you can never go wrong with a rose. The French onion was good but the broth was a little bit...sour? I don't know if they were having an off day or if that's just how it was supposed to taste. It was too sweet (I guess it's hard to not make onion soup not salty since onions just get sweet when cooked) and sour...it was not the best. The seared salmon was served on top of a puree of green peas and although it was good and I ate all of it, I thought it was an interesting pairing. I don't know if I'd order it again...actually I probably wouldn't order it again nor would I recommend it. . . Service is EXCELLENT!!!! The view (if you sit outside) is awesome since you get the watch the Bellagio watershow front and center! So I guess for that Mon Ami you get 4 stars from me. :)
Walked in and waited 10mins to sit inside with a couple of friends for dinner.. . Food:. 1. Escargo - The escargo was tender but lacked flavor.  lots of butter used.. 2. Mussels - Mussels were not fresh fresh but the white wine with herb sauce was flavorful.. 3. Seared Salmon - The sear was beautiful but the sauce needs work.  It lacked flavor and was to soupy.  I think the salmon would have been better without the sauce.. 4. Roasted Chicken - crispy herb skin and very moist inside.. 5. Hanger steak - cooked medium rare with merlot butter.  The butter was fantastic.. . Overall, I would come back to try there other dishes.
The food and view are great. Breakfast here is a good idea for the tourist. The Brie and Apple Crepe is not something to pass up on. Soft flavor that is just perfect. I could have done without the fake accents, but after a while it normalizes. For dinner I got the Seared Salmon. The sweet pea sauce is delicious. And to top it off, Bellagio Fountains are right in view. For dessert, stay away from the Apple Tarte, it was soggier than expected and the vanilla whip only made the sogginess worse. Would have preferred a scoop of ice cream or something similar. . . Overall, great place, great food, great atmosphere. Cafe Mocha is delicious too.
Came here during my previous trip with the bf. Solid French food all around and reasonable prices (def better than Bouchon).. . Main appetizers were the escargots w/butter and mussels.  Not bad, but I've had better escargots and mussels (both lacking flavor).. . BF got the special fish of the day which came w/a hearty side of fresh and yummy veggies. Don't remember what kind of fish, but it was moist andtender. Dish was $28. . I ordered the sea scallops. There were 5 and they were cooked just right. 2nd best to the ones I ate at Gary Danko in SF. . . Service was exceptional.  Server was attentive enough, but gave me space. No pressure to order the most expensive items on the menu. Water was filled when low and bread was replenished when asked. Basic things but sometimes people don't do it!. . Can't wait to come back during my next Vegas trip! :)
Part of the attraction for me to this place was the amazing patio seating that Mon Ami Gabi provides to you.  When the sprinkler system (aka misters) aren't on, it's quite nice to feel like you're sitting under the Eiffel Tower (albeit a fake miniature one) in a cafe beside the street.. . The first thing I immediately ordered was a mimosa and eggs benedict.  The menu is pretty in depth and I was deliberating between the eggs or a crepe.  Ultimately I chose the eggs benedict.  Good choice in my opinion.. . The mimosa is pretty damn strong.  I have a feeling that the orange juice is only in there for colour.  I personally asked for another glass of orange juice to dilute the mimosa a little bit.  Actually, thecool thing about asking for orange juice is that I got to make 2 mimosas for the price of one.  Score!. . The eggs benedict was pretty good.  Nothing really too different about it.  I was pretty happy with how it tasted and thought it was pretty good.  The cool thing about their hash potatoes that they serve it with is that they put caramelized onions into it.  This kinda made it so that you didn't really want to put ketchup into it.  . . In the never sleeping city of Vegas, it's nice to sit down and just have a nice breakfast every once and a while.  We all know how crazy it gets during the night, so it's a nice time to spoil yourself... and get drinking early =).
Mon Ami Gabi...when you have such a beautiful name, there is little that can go wrong. 1 star just for the romantic and oh-so lovely name. . . 1.5 stars for the stunning location and patio seating by the Bellagio fountains. Ambiance is classic French style with wine and champagne bottles adding color to the decor. Now think for a moment, you are dining under the Eiffel Tower on a starry night - yeah it's a fake one but what's the harm in inflating your thoughts a bit? Try it, will feel magical. . . 1 star for the superb food. No reason to complain and cooked to satisfaction. I tried the herb roast chicken, juicy and tender and boy, the fries are darn good.  . . 0.5 stars for the service. Not saying its bad at all, but just that service is not the highlight of the restaurant. Its fine and the way it should be.
When the weather is nice and I have guests from out of town, this is tops on my list for a quintessential way to start or end a weekend on the strip.  Although there is an option for online reservations on the yelp page, please note this is for indoor seating only.  If you want the outdoor patio seating, probably best to come in at least 30-60min prior to the desired time to get on the list (maybe earlier during peak brunch hours on the weekend).  . . Having dined for lunch inside and outside, the patio seating wins hands down by all accounts.  The lighting inside is great for a romantic evening dinner, but a bit too drab if you're trying to catch up with friends.  None of the lunch items blew me away, but the breakfast items were fairly solid and beautifully plated.  I would recommend any of the following best enjoyed with cup of coffee while facing the Bellagio fountains and observing the parade of characters lining Las Vegas Blvd.  . . 1.  Blueberry waffles:  with a crisp exterior and pillowy soft interior, the belgian waffle is topped with fresh blueberries along with warm blueberry sauce and freshly whipped cream.. . 2. Lemon pancakes: served with fresh strawberries and whipped cream over what is essentially a large French-style crepe with perfectly crisped edges and light as a feather, be sure to add a squeeze of fresh lemon before digging in.. . 3. Seafood crepe: if you're lucky enough to be there on a day featuring this special, do not pass it up.  Large jumbo shrimp and scallops served atop a warm crispy crepe and topped with a creamy buttery white wine sauce served alongside fresh frisee and herbs.. . Servers were attentive and very hospitable in snapping photos, which your visiting friends will be sure to request!
Luckily I made reservations well in advance, because this place gets PACKED around dinner-time. . Absolutely wonderful house wine, steak bearnaise, and macchiato.. Even though my boyfriend had a few too many daquairis at Fat Tuesday (and was literally in the bathroom through most of dinner), I very much enjoyed myself.. Our waiter, Francoise, was right out of France and a delight to have serving us!
Although we had to wait 30 minutes for a table, it was well worth it. We sat outside, which is beautiful and great for people watching. I ordered a caesar salad and within what seemed like five minutes it was on the table. It was delicious, I loved the cheese and dressing. I also ordered the classic quiche lorraine. I'm a big sucker for quiche, my grandmother made it countless times for me when I was little and I have to say eating this quiche sent me back to my childhood. It was AMAZING..and incredibly filling. I couldn't even finish all of it!. . Our waiter was very friendly and attentive. Not only that but the food comes out so quickly that I barely had time to finish my caesar salad before my lunch was served. My boyfriend got the warm chicken and brie sandwich. It had thin slices of apple and caramelized onions on top. Absolutely delicious.  All in all a great experience, great food and an elegant yet not pretentious atmosphere. When we go back to Vegas we will definitely be dining here again.
First time in a long time that I have been pleasantlysurprised by a nice restaurant. MAG is, simply put, affordable fine dining.  Per fellow Yelper reviews, my parents and I had two of the filet mignon with merlot butter sauce- one medium and the other medium well. We also ordered the scallops.. . The filet mignon was on point. My medium steak was perfectly tender. The med-well with a nice hint of char but not chewy. Deeee-licious. And the scallops? just divine. Melts in your mouth. It's a great place for an intimate dinner, although there's usually a line so get here early for dinner service or be prepared to wait a bit.. . My only gripe was service. My family and I are not too big on alcohol-- and so we ordered sodas to drink.  I'm a firm believer in sensing that when a server thinks you have no money, they don't give you good service. My drink was never refilled after 30 min of being empty.  It was absurd. Our waitress checked on the table to my left. Then the table to my right. But never checked on my family and I again after setting down our entrees. Either because we didn't order alcohol, or being Filipino and not white, that we just weren't worth accommodating. I think this was unacceptable considering that the tables beside us are only 1-2 feet apart.  uhm... kinda hard to not notice when you're being ignored.. . Aside from that, great food and I'd still recommend it. Our dinner between 3 came out to about $100 which was not bad... but you've been warned.
Surprisingly charming, MAG succeeds as an oasis amidst the tinsel town glitter. For a Vegas theme eatery, the interior is surprisingly classy and romantic, but the best seats as many have said are outside on the terrace overlooking the Bellagio water works. . . A supplemental gluten-free menu, which includes complementary g.f. bread with butter and (wonderful!) roasted olives, was most appreciated. The "real" wheat bread comes in a paper bag, which seemed a little odd and out of sync with the otherwise chic vibe.. . Starter of a frisee salad was a little disappointing, with the greens seemingly undressed and couched on a puddle of water. The rustic country pate was a delight though, very flavorable and on request served with triangles of g.f. toast. The main meals of frites, and steaks, were tasty, though my dining partner's was somewhat chewy though mine was tender.. . Service was very professional and very French. So if you're not a native Parisian or can't fake the accent, don't look for employment here.
this place is a real hidden gem! Mon Ami Gabi is probably one of the older restaurants on the strip but it is really good.  I came here for my friend's bday dinner. . . Its a really big restaurant and is great for big groups! . . I got their french onion soup and it was delicious but a little too cheesey and salty for me.. . they have THE best tasting bread ihave ever had. They continuously serve you fresh baguettes. I finished almost one whole baguette on my own. its THAT good.. . They have a great variety of steaks. ALL of them i would recommend. The filet mignon was sooo delicious and their skirt steaks were great too. You really cant go wrong with any of their steaks. It comes with a HUGE side of shoe string fries!!! . . overall i really recommend this restaurant. Its affordable and tasty! . . recap:. 1) good for groups. 2) BREAD. 3) STEAKS!!!!
OK, first let's dispel the rumor that sitting across the street from the Bellagio fountains indoors or outdoors is a worthwhile experience.  Without the music the fountains are just a bunch of overgrown water sprinklers and, unfortunately, the music cannot be heard.  Even outside, the road noise and crowd noise from the restaurant drowned out the music.  So if you're going to go here, go for the food alone.. . Extensive and interesting menu and wine list.  We enjoyed the following:.  Beet and apple salad (complimentary) served with the French bread and butter.  Very good and quite interesting..  Shrimp cocktail - very good.  Chicken liver pate with toast points, cornichons, olives, and pickled onions - great!.  Flat iron steak bordelaise - Good if you like bordelaise.  Fish and chips - wonderful and possibly our favorite dish.  Garlic Spinach - very good.  Frites - very good - a cross between potato chips and fries.  Must try..  French onion soup - fair..  Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes - Excellent - some of the best we've had..  House Merlot - average. . Service was excellent.  Outdoor seating is fun for people watching but is first come first serve only.  Inner patio covered seating is same.  Indoor seating would definitely be my last choice and might not be a choice for us as there was a strong fish smell throughout the indoor areas.  In fact, it even drifted out onto the patio when we were first seated.  Hopefully a one time thing.
I ate here on a Saturday night in October. After arriving to the restaurant at around 9pm, it was roughly an hour wait to be seated.  Note to self: consider reservations next time. . . The weather was nice that night and we lucked out with a table right along the sidewalk, in front of the Bellagio water show across the street. . . I had the Trout Amandine (toasted almonds, haricot vert, tomato, brown butter) and it was great.  Nicely arranged, good flavor, ample portion.. . I almost forgot to mention another favorite part of the meal -the butternut squash soup. Loved it.. . The frites/fries? Not so great.  They're thin and crispy, but didn't do much for me.. . Service was friendly and quick.
Yum!!!. . Great service, of course.  Had dinner inside instead of waiting for the patio, which was nice too.  . . Very good food, not blown away.  The service was better than I expected for something that I believed to be a step above a tourist trap.
Definitely a solid place to eat.  Good food.  Good prices.  Great view of the Bellagio fountains.  Would definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas. =)
this place is unreal.. the outdoor patio viewing of the bellagio fountains across the street was awesome. . I had the prime-rib dinner, which was superb. best prime rib i ever had, and i have eaten at H.OUSE OF PRIME RIB before. service was amazing and the wine menu was very diverse.
We went there for a business dinner, and was able to get a patio table for 8 around 9:30pm which is generally unheard of... fortunately one of our party got there early to hold it (they dont normally do resos for the patio). The view from the patio is incredible! While enjoying the las vegas ambience, the background is the bellagio fountain show!. . The food is also very excellent quality. I had the filet mignon, which comes with frites (fries). Steak was cooked perfectly - and for appy, the chicken liver pate... which also was great. . . Only reason why i am giving it 4 stars instead of 5, is because the frites were not that great, and with the chicken liver pate, the ratio between pate and bread was not even (too much pate, not enough bread) - and eating pate by itself without a cracker or something isnt my thing. Overall - will come again anytime and everytime we have the chance!
Why has nobody reviewed the Market Vegetable Platter??. . It is an AMAZING feast of vegetable deliciousness. It came with two thick slices of heirloom tomato, roasted and seasoned to perfection, white bean puree, artichoke hearts, a corn salad, and sauteed squash. Gosh I love me some heirloom tomatoes.. . The amuse-bouche was a carrot slaw, and sadly it was overshadowed by the free, warm baguette. Oh joyous carbs! And I'd recommend passing on their infamous frites - they are meh. . . I got lucky and was seated outside in the warm Vegas night with a cute boy directly across from the Bellagio water show. I also lucked out because I go to sample his trout almandine, which was excellent. But as good as the fish was, I know I'd order the vegetable platter.
My wife and I dined here tonight. We had a great time. The food was great and we were fortunate to sit outside to view the Bellagio fountain. However, we had to wait an additional hour to get outdoor seating even though we had a reservation for 8:45pm on a Wednesday. Reservations are only for indoor seating and outdoor seating is first-come first serve.. . Complimentary french bread was served before our meals came out. It tasted freshly baked and it was a plus that it came out hot.. . I had the steak bordelaise and my wife had the special for the night. It was braised short ribs with mashed potatoes dressed with olives. She also ordered a carrot based soup as an appetizer. The meals were excellent and the portion sizes were large.  An excellent value for about $25 per dish.  The soup was $8 and it was also a large helping. . . For dessert, we had the profiterole trio ($8) which includes vanilla, chocolate & strawberry ice cream over some kind of pastry topped with hot double chocolate fudge. The ice cream and fudge were delicious especially the vanilla. However, the pastry seemed a bit out of place in both taste and texture. All in all, the ice cream and fudge made up for the pastry. . . I recommend this place for great food at great prices. I also recommend getting a table outside if possible. I'm only giving this place 4 stars out of 5 because of the long wait for outdoor seating even with reservations.
Pardon my French, but this place is the shizzz. There isn't a better restaurant on the strip that blends quality of food, service, scenery and ambiance. Just ate lunch here a little while ago. . . I ordered the Steak Frites. A staple dish of the restaurant that every other table had someone eating. Its a thin steak rich in flavor alone, but amplified by one of their 4 signature sauces. The waiter recommended the bordelaise sauce, caramelized onions in a red wine sauce. Great pick, it was amazing. Next time I will try the brandy peppercorn sauce! Other dishes at my table were the warm chicken and brie sandwich and the prime steak sandwich. Both looked delicious, particularly the Chicken and Brie.. . The cool thing about this restaurant is that it is in the Paris hotel overlooking the Bellagio across the street. You can eat outside on the elevated patio away from all the foot traffic. So while you are eating a beautiful meal, you are at the same time in the middle of the strip possibly watching the Bellagio water fountain show. . . The food, service and scenery causes sensory overload. Bring your date here if you want to seal the deal.
There are so many reviews already, I'll jut put in my 2 cents on this one. . . Everything my husband and I had here for lunch is executed well.  From the bread that comes in a mini baguette form, hot from the oven in a paper sleeve, to the warm bacon frisee salad, and eggs Benedict and seafood crepe. Flavorful, portions sized just right. . . Seating on the patio is a must for people watching and enjoying the weather.  It's just something you gotta do when you come to Vegas and dine on the strip. . . On the flip side, while it was a great experience, nothing stood out on the menu.  It's classic French food, it's done well, came away feeling satisfied.
I can't say enough about this place! First off, the outdoor seating is awesome! It's right across from the Bellagio, so as your eating your meal you can watch the fountain show. On top of location, the service and food is one of the BEST on the strip! This place is wonderful for breakfast and lunch. Never been for dinner so I can't speak for their dinner menu. A wonderful place with awesome food.. . The only thing keeping this from a 5 star review, was the hostess's at the door. They all seemed to be about 21 years old and preoccupied in their own conversation. Not very friendly towards the customers. . . Overall, a great experience. I will definitely go back when I visit Las Vegas!!!
Best damn steak-frites I've ever had.
Love their bread!  The service was great! Def make a reservation because wait is usually pretty long. I had the ahi tuna salad because I wanted something lighter.  It wasn't the best ever because the ingredients didn't really seem to come together but it was fresh.  For that, I give it 4 stars.
It was a good restaurant for lunch, but I don't think the restaurant is french cuisine in my opinion. It was not a five star service though. I would recommend for lunch but not for dinner. My girl and I enjoyed the food.
Great french food, and nice view. Weather was perfect. Will definitely be back again.
We were staying at Paris Las Vegas and decided to try this adorable restaurant in the hotel (out front, you can sit on the strip and watch people walk by and have the Bellagio fountains as your view, it's pretty awesome).. . When I checked in around 1:00 or 1:30, I was told there was a 45-60 minute wait.  No problem, you get a beeper and it works anywhere in the casino/vicinity, so we could gamble or hang at a bar in the hotel.  After 10 minutes of waiting, I needed to run to the room to grab something, thinking we still had at least 30 minutes.  While I was gone, the beeper went off and my husband went to get our table.  They were really difficult wtih him, saying that he couldn't sit down until I was there, too.  My husband essentially said, "she'll be right back, I'll wait for her at our table", and didn't take no for an answer, so they sat him.  I was back in 10 minutes, but my husband was going to go ahead and order a bottle of wine for us, but the server never stopped at the table until I got there!  Not sure if he was just that busy, or if they were trying to prove a point about our entire party not being there, but at any rate, it kind of sucked.  . . We had a great bottle of French chardonnay and a loaf of their hot french bread.  The bread was awesome but sitting outside, it was so hot that the pot of butter completely melted!  Most of the tables had umbrellas and were shaded, but were sitting right in the sun and we were burning up.  I had a salad and my husband had the mushroom soup tostart, the soup was amazing.. . For entrees, I had a cold crab and shrimp salad sandwich, served with homemade chips.  It was wonderful, nice and cool and refreshing when sitting in the hot sun!  Delicious.  . . My husband had the croque monsieur with fries.  The fries were tiny strips of potatoes, fried until crispy, and really good.  His sandwich was good, but a little boring.  There is normally more bechamel sauce on a croque monsieur, this was pretty dry with very little sauce, but it did have nice flavors.. . Overall, great lunch.  It was hot, so if you get stuck sitting in the sun, you might be miserable (I have no clue how people eat here in the middle of summer!), the view is amazing! I really want to come back for dinner, when it's cooler, and the Bellagio fountains are all lit up.
Okay, it's not really Paris, but at times, I really get the vibe that I have when in the REAL Paris. Sitting outside is great and the food was all very good. Great place to grab a beer and a couple of appetizers- and the mini-baguettes are to die for!
Came here on Friday 10/21/11 during my honeymoon... We put our name on the waiting list around 9:00pm and was told we would have to wait 2.5 hours to get a seat on the patio. We REALLY wanted to experience eating here, so we didn't mind waiting. We checked back in at 9:45pm and they were able to seat us! My hubby and I got a table right along the patio edge, and it was amazing! We were able to see the fountains at the Bellagio across the street. I LOVED my experience there! We ate a fancy burger, and had a couple of drinks with a romantic setting, and it all was very reasonable price! I will definitely go back again when I visit Vegas.
Great patio, very busy and very crowded. Wonderful view of Bellagio fountain. Service was good, but long delay in getting food to table. Prepared perfectly. Onion soup awesome. Skate was unusual option so has to try and it was as good as advertised.
Mon ami is really the only decent restaurant to dine in Vegas.  The irony is that it is in the Paris hotel across from the Bellagio fountains.  Every time I am in Vegas, I make sure to have lunch and/or dinner here because the food is very well prepared at reasonable rates.   . . I really enjoy the seafood crepes.  It filled with scallops, shrimp, veggies, and a cream sauce.  It is very tasty and only $14.  You cannot do wrong with their steak frites.  A 14 ouce steak that would out-compete most steak-houses I know.  For $25 bucks, can't beat the price for a quality meal.  . . I highly recommend grabbing a table in the patio and enjoy the people watching.  On a sunny day, the setting reminds me of sitting in a cafe on Saint Michel in actual Paris....
DW and I dined 10/26.  She ordered sea bass, I had Filet Au Poivre frites.  Entrees were outstanding.  Another plus, we were seated in the cafe section indoors, but with a nice view of the Bellagio fountains.  Service was spot on.  I consider Mon Ami Gabi to be a very good value for a restaurant on the strip.. . Overall a very enjoyable meal on the strip.
We never woke up in time to grab brunch or remember to make some resos till it is too late. This time around I made the resos via Opentable about 2 weeks ahead.. . Got seated right away after arriving, although I cant say I like the attitude of the 3 ladies sitting at the counter who were responsible for seating diners. Wait was about 30 - 45 mins for brunch on Saturday at 1 pm for diners w no reservations.. . We ordered mainly off the very limited brunch menu (5 items):. . Complimentary baguette - very good! great crust and centre. Served warm.. . Corn Beef Hash  Huge surprise... It comes w poached eggs which had dark yellow gooey yolk. The corn beef was amazing with random bits of fat but such tender well seasoned beef. Tasted very fresh.. . Blueberry French Toast - Another great dish. It did not need the syrup it came with, the blueberries were swimming in a nice syrup of its own. The bread was cakey and delicious!!!. . Smoked Salmon Appy - Very good as well. The smoked salmon was of great quality. Came with yummy buttery brioche and assembled by yourself with some creme fraiche, capers and onions,. . Coffee & Orange juice were $4 each. which is pricey considering their entrees were only bout $10. I was surprised at how reasonable the prices were for such great quality dishes.. . Service was disappointing. Bussers were great but the actual server was absent... Only saw him when we were ordering. No coffee refill offered till I flagged someone down. the first impression from the 3 ladies responsible for seating left a bad taste in my mouth.
Had dinner here with my family and relatives on the Saturday night before Halloween. 3 things I love about this place: food portions, quality, and customer service. . . Food portions: HUGE! I ordered the 10oz. rib eye steak and frites! I had no idea this French restaurant would be giving out big portions. Appetizers and side dishes werebigger than normal. I loved the mussels and the warm bread they serve with the butter! . . Quality: Apart from the huge serving, the quality was great. However, it did feel like I was eating more American than French food.. . Customer Service: EXCELLENT! My family and I arrived on time for our reservation, but they couldn't seat us since the rest of our party wasn't there. Had to wait 30 minutes for our party to arrive, and once they did come, the hostess took us to right to our table! Didn't end up losing our table after waiting for 30 minutes! Waiters were also very accommodating and explained the specials for the night.
The best things-. *sitting outside on the strip. *the gluten free bread/ menu and free olives. *$5.50 drink special that was a Frangia. *the chocolate mousse. . The average things-. *the frites. *the croque monsuierre sandwich. *the service. *prices are pretty darn decent for the strip. . The not so great things-. *that having a reservation didn't get us a quality table.  Was given one right in the sun with no umbrella up and then moved to the far corner.. *the macaroni and cheese was peppery and really not that good.  (You want a good mac & cheese then you MUST go to Nine Fine Irishmen at NYNY. *minimal vegetarian options on the lunch menu
How many times have I walked right past Paris?  Too many and I won't next time I go to Vegas.  I got stuck in Paris when my room at Ballys wasn't ready or reserved for me.  I found out about this place reading an article about George Wallace, who said he liked to eat here and people watch, loved the prommes frites and steak.  I made a reservation and that's what I had, along with some very good escargot, wine, creme brulee for desert, and of course wine.  My waiter really was French, polite, prompt and attentive.  The food was excellent I have no complaints, in fact I came back the next night and waited for a table outside.  Unlike others I could actually hear the music across the street while watching the light and water show.  Again, the service was prompt, escargot wasn't as spicy as the night before, and I went with scallops which was just as delicious as the steak.  Also, I tried their saute'd brussel sprouts, delicious, the leaves are separated and saute'd in butter, quite tasty and the only way I will ever eat this vegetable.  I'll be back here to dine next week for sure!
Hard pressed to find a better patio on the strip, we ate lunch here three times in two days.. . Good sun, good people watching, and affordable.. . Two days in a row we prevented hangovers from taking hold with bloodies, Chardonnay, and strong vodka tonics. Yummy.. . Stay away from the soups, and focus on the steak offerings, just sayin'.
This place was really good.  Had a steak with blue cheese topping and the escargo.
I waffled between a 4 and 5 stars. The service is good, the people watching stellar when you sit outside. Gluten free menu is an added plus. I will definitely be back
I had the filet mignon for like less than 40$!! I will be going back, just don't get the frites they were sad.
The best aspect of this surf/turf restaurant is the atmosphere - bustling and in view of Bellagio fountains. We had to wait a few minutes even though we had a reservation, which was fine because there are two bars.  . . [frisee & warm bacon salad with soft-poached egg, croutons] . -- absolutely delicious! the poached egg is an amazing addition and actually emulsifies the dressing - yum.. . [sea scallops, butternut squash puree, brussels sprouts, hazelnuts, brown butter]. -- scallops were cooked perfectly, large portion but needed more salt. Squash was good but a bit bland and the brussels sprouts ok.
Most of the time when I have really amazing food in Las Vegas, my wallet explodesand leaves a mess all over the place. Not here! You'll get fantastic service, wonderful food, in a special environment all for a reasonable cost.. . Make sure to try all the french specialties, especially the pate if you're into that. The steaks and sides are where Mon Ami Gabi really shines.. . The atmosphere is busy and upscale, but we didn't feel rushed or that we couldn't hear each other. The perfect mix in a Las Vegas restaurant.. . A great LV option!
Very good steakhouse, the wait is...well...long.... Definatly get reservations here, as mentioned in other reviews you can't reserve the patio. /sigh. The shredded carrots are worth the price of admission! Try em:)
food is good here, and a good price. The only complaint I have is that the tables are to close together. Our dinner included a little scene from a soap opera.. we had the front row seats. the couple next to us were arguing the whole time. but the server was attentive, customer service was good.
Love this place! My favorite time of year to come here is spring so you can sit out on the patio and watch the fountains of Bellagio. I'm not a steak eater but I haveto say I really enjoyed my food, especially the steak and frites. One of the best sangrias in town, which I am a sangria connoisseur. Unfortunately they don't take reservations for outside dining, so you may have a little bit of a wait, but next best thing is to sit at the bar, it's sort of outside/inside so you get the best of both worlds.
Mon Ami Gabi is extremely versatile. It is such a cute place to get together with your girlfriends before heading out for the night. It's also an awesome place to celebrate an anniversary as it is extremely dim and intimate. The waiters are extremely knowledgeable and pleasant (although a tad MIA). . . You can make reservations via Open Table so definitely be sure to do so! Even with reservations there is a separate waiting line for the outdoors patio and if we weren't in a rush to the airport after our meal we would have definitely waited for it as it was a great spot right on the strip for people watching and the fountain show!. . This meal was one of the very few where I didn't go with what Yelpers recommended. My heart told me to go with the Filet Mignon with Merlot Butter but my tummy went with the Steak Berlanaise because I was craving onions (who craves onions? Vegas does weird things to me). The other girls went with the scallops, salad, mussels, skate fish, and burger. I had a bit of the scallops which were really good and nicely portioned. The mussels looked like a good amount too as well as the skate fish that my friend couldn't finish. The salad also looked pretty appetizing albeit small but was only $9! The cheeseburger was sizable as well so portions are pretty decent here, especially for the price of the food.  The fries that came with most of the entrees were disappointing. They weren't so much fries as they were little potato chips. Wah. Loved the warm fresh baguettes we were served in the beginning of our meal! They gave us 3 baguettes for a party of 7 which was more than enough. We also ordered two bottles of white for the table at $40 each. Their wine list is pretty extensive as they have wine from France as well as California. . . I wouldn't mind coming back here and actually getting the Filet and vying for an outside seat =)
What is better than a french bistro along the strip? Not much my friend, not much. . . This is a great option for lunch or dinner for a fun, on the strip dining experience. . . Le Grub: . Mussels - great buttery texture with a delicate sauce served with a side of frites. 4/5. Onion Soup - mmmm. Served HOT and delicious. Not greasy, salty or too gooey, a common fault of Onion soups at restaurants. 5/5. Duck Confit - Great dish to start, well prepared and appointed 4/5. Steak Sandwich - ehh this was just ok. Nothing special going on here. Have had much better elsewhere 3/5. . Oysters - they only serve one type (from North West) which kind of sucks since I enjoy a variety of oysters. They were fresh and served well.  Nothing to complain about other than lack of choice 4/5. . . Le Drank: . Do-it-yourself Bloody Mary's  - great station with all the fixins from habenero stuffed olives to bacon and sausages. They truly let you go all out on this. . . Le Deal: . Ehh a bit overpriced in my opinion. . . Le Verdict: . . Overall a nice dining experience as we sat outdoors and were able to enjoy the buzz and vibe of the strip while watching the Bellagio show. I will more than likely visit again. Service is okay, nothing out of this world and preparations weren't at expectation (dirty silverware, glasses, and server spilled the coffee all over the cup and plate...just a step backward from a casual/fine dining experience). . 4/5
My Friend Gabi,. . I love your cute Parisian interior, your dim lighting, your knowledgeable waiters and your delicious food.. . I also love that I can make reservations on Open Table for a group of 7 (6 girls, 1 bro - literally he was my brother). Although you had requested my credit card info in case we didn't show, I understand because everyone wants to dine with you. We arrived a little late but you sat us as soon as our entire party arrived. FYI - I wish you'd let us make ressies for the outdoor seating. I would have loved to come back and people watch on your patio.. . Thank you for the warm french baguette and the complimentary apple salad. They were much appreciated. . . I ordered your scallops and they were HUGE. YAY! Sometimes when I order scallop dishes from other places there's only like 3 and they're the size of quarters. Not your scallops! I had about 5 or 6 and they were like half dollars. The brussels sprouts you sauteed with the scallops are broken down to leaves with hazelnuts on top and the butternut squash you pureed was smooth and velvety. I had a bite of my brother's steak and it was mighty tasty as well. After he finished his steak...he was still hungry and wanted a french onion soup. It took about 10 minutes for me to wave down your wait staff because they were MIA. I only had a sip of his soup and it was pretty cheesy. He finished all of it so I'm assuming it was really good. Thanks for the filling meal!. . A bientot!. DiSh
Fine food. Not frites music or hostess attitude though.  A surprisingly pleasant and affordable restaurant in the chaos of the strip.  What is with that light jazz crap?!  Really helps ruin an otherwise very good meal - and the young hostess's indifference was a definite detractor as well.
I went to the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant for the Thanksgiving holidays with my boyfriend and we loved it! We ordered baked goat cheese as appetizer and my bf got a pan seared atlantic salmon and I got a bordelaise steak. The food was awesome and the service was great.. The location is perfect, just in front of the Bellagio fountain. Having a glass of champagne with good company, food and that environment... priceless!
Mon Ami Gabi was good, but not amazing. I went for dinner w/ my parents & and aunt and uncle. My aunt has Celiac, so she is on a gluten-free diet. They do provide a gluten free menu, and do a good job preventing cross-contamination, as she didn't get sick afterwards.. . The meal was nice. I had a steak roquefort and it was quite delicious. I'm not necessarily a big steak eater but here they pound them thin before adding a sauce. My dad had the poivre which he enjoyed and my mom had the sea scallops which she loved. My uncle enjoyed the rib eye, and my aunt had filet mignon. Between us, we drank 3 bottles of wine. They have a fairly large selection, but it isn't very imaginative. Not many that were unheard of.. . The dinner was for both my dad and aunt's birthdays. They brought out small cakes (gluten-free for my aunt)  for each of them. It was good, nothing special, but the thought was quite nice. I had the banana fosters crepes, which were amazing. The table also enjoyed creme brulee, chocolate pudding cake, and the chocolate mousse.. . The downside for me was the ambiance. For the money you are paying for dinner, sitting inside was a bit loud. We were seated next to a register, and the wait staff wasn't too shy about talking near us. If you can, get a seat outside on the patio. They keep it well heated in the winter, and you have an amazing view of the fountains at the Bellagio.
We ate here twice for brekky, the place has a nice vibe. Good view of the fountains at Bellagio, even if you sit inside, it's like an atrium so you dont feel stifled. The service was nice and relaxed, but still attentive. The food is well prepared, filling, but not heavy. The house champagne is a light and crisp brut. Im a fan! Will be going back before we leave Vegas this time ;p
The service and atmosphere was first rate and the food was very tasty.  We have enjoyed  Mon Ami Gabi in other cities but this location definately stands out.
Service is usually pretty good, the people watching from the outside patio is always fun, and the food is tasty!  The Bellagio fountains are right across the street, so when you sit outside on a nice sunny day, it's gorgeous!  Can't really go wrong!  . . The breakfast option is usually my favorite, I love a good quiche!  The french onion soup is good, and their filet mignon is always succulent and delicious!  I prefer their mashed potatoes over their fries, but that's just me.  Their food tends to run a little salty, so I wouldn't add salt until after I tasted everything... just an FYI.
We went for dinner on a Saturday night. The food wasn't particularly good (although the complimentary baguette was warm and tasty!).  Most items, including the beef bourguignon, (which I wouldn't recommend ordering), were lacking serious seasoning.  But the ambiance, the moderate prices (for Vegas!), and the view (we were seated at the window where we could watch the Bellagio fountain show) all made up for it!
Mmm the bread came with this carrot spread - so delicious; that was probably one of the highlights. We got great seating (a four person table all to my boyfriend and I) with a lovely view of the Bellagio fountains. . . We were craving french onion soup (onion soup au gratin) and this hit the spot! There's a generous amount of gruyere cheese in the soup; so ooey-gooey delicious. . . My boyfriend and I shared the filet mignon merlot, it was nice but nothing super special. . . One complaint is that our server didn't seem to know much about wine recommendations...other than that the food came quickly and was above average quality.
Yum! . . To start, I had a really well made cosmo and you'd be surprised how easy it is to screw up a cosmo. We were off to a good start. . . The bread they serve is delicious- real, fresh, french bread. . . For dinner, I ordered the scallops which were served with a puree of root veggies and brussel sprouts. It was outstanding. . . Service was wonderful from start to finish.. . I would return in a heartbeat.
I love mushroom soup and this place did not let me down. We ended up getting a few small plates each to try a little of everything and they were all worthy of a 4-star rating.
The best time to go here is during lunch and you have to sit outside on the patio.  The reason I say lunch is because it's the best time to people watch and another the prices are very reasonable for its location. If you take a late lunch you also get the best view of the Bellagio water show as you eat.  I had the Brie and pear sandwich which was decadent and very well balanced and my husband got the seafood sandwich which was surprisingly refreshing.  I'm also a French fry addict and always have to order it no matter where I am and I have to say theirs were very good, they were thin cut and basic, but addicting.  I will definitely return the next time we are in town.
Yum! Definitely order the chicken & brie sandwich...rich but so delicious with the brie & apple combo (they do this a lot for appetizers, so I was pleasantly surprised for this combination on an entree). . Also the trout is yums, fries are a bit oily/thin and I personally didn't like it that much. Overall really good place to eat, not too expensive either!
Good food, great atmosphere, reasonable prices.  Right in the middle of the Strip.  Nothing not to like here.
Excellent restaurant that was able to accommodate 11 in only 2 hours notice. . Fair price too for such a large crowd. . . Had their bleu cheese burger which was fantastic.
Read good reviews for Mon Ami - inexpensive (for Vegas), good food, etc. - and it totally lived up to it's expectations! . . Great seating area outside with a fantastic view of the Bellagio fountains. Loved this! The space heaters are clutch, too.. . We ordered the baked cheese in tomato sauce and wolfed it down. I'm pretty sure we went through 3 baguettes just eating this! The main meals we ordered (chicken and brie sandwich and ham and cheese crepe) were just fine, but the baked cheese stole the show.. . Tried gluten free beer too - not bad at all! My only complaint is that the service was a bit slow. Everything else was a great experience. DEFINITELY order the baked cheese!!
Great food and excellent service.   Love the location.  Be sure to mk a reservation , esp if you want to sit on the patio.  We were seated in the sunroom which was actually better bc we were protected from the hot sun and this was in October!. I've eaten here several times and at the location in DC.   Very good choice for the $
I'm impressed!  A casual dining experience with great food and service.  1,500 reviews can't be wrong.. . Came here for lunch on a Sunday, and the wait was minimal for those without reservations.. . Be sure to try:. -BAKED CHEESE appetizer. -FRENCH ONION SOUP. -STEAK SANDWICH (comes with their signature frittes which kinda look and taste like mini potato chips). -SEA SCALLOPS
So fun. . Another birthday lunch, this time from a former boss.. The only thing I wanted from this birthday was oysters. He recommended Comme Ca at the Cosmo unfortunately when we went, it was closed *sad face*. . So we walked over to Mon Ami Gabi. French faire and oysters on the menu! I was happy to finally try this place so, missing out on Comme Ca wasn't such a disappointment.. . Sitting outside wasn't an option as it was a nice warm day so, people were all about eating outside. Luckily, our indoor seating was still semi-outdoor. Think covered patio. The lighting was great with the sun shining in.. . Ordered my oysters and chicken breast; and he got steak. Normally, I would've gotten lamb or some other protein but, after stuffing my face in Hawaii, I figured a chicken breast meal was a healthy bet.. . Oysters were yummy. Shockingly fresh tasting. I just wish there was soy sauce to put on my oysters.. Chicken was filling but not too much which is exactly what I was looking for. His steak was yummy, too.. . I'd love to come back here and try more things. Hopefully, get my lamb fix =)
We've been here for a decade and finally made it over to Mon Ami Gabi today! We're vegetarian and our server was very helpful with regards to choices. My husband ended up ordering a spinach/mushroom crepe, which the kitchen made for him without any hassle. I had the mushroom quiche. We would say that the food was probably an 8/10, with the desserts both being highlights. The service was wonderful - brisk and friendly, but not overly intrusive. Solid ambiance - darker woods and a lovely sun room that lets in a lot of natural light during lunch.
I had heard great things about this place and finally decided to try it for my husband's birthday weekend. It was fantastic! We ate outside on the patio around 10pm on a Friday night and it was still fairly busy. It was cold, like 40 degrees, but the patio had heaters everywhere and that made it comfortable enough to eat (with your coat on). It is arguably one of the best outdoor eating spaces on the strip. You can easily see the fountains of the Bellagio shows and watching the people on the strip is always entertaining. In fact, next time my friends and I are going to play some people watching Bingo while eating dinner here!. . While Mon Ami Gabi could rely solely on its location, the food is actually quite delicious and the service was fantastic. My husband had the bone in rib-eye steak and it was cooked perfectly for him. The Bearnaise sauce was lemony and a perfect compliment to the steak and a great dipping sauce for the frites. Oh the frites! They don't look like much at first but they have the flavor of a fry with the crunch of a chip! A delicious pile of perfection. . . I had the chicken Paillard with their mashed potatoes. The waiter suggested one of us try the mashed potatoes instead of both of us getting the frites and I was so thankful for that recommendation. The mashed potatoes were impeccable. I think I ate almost the entire pile before my husband got a bite. They were creamy and delicious and most likely overlooked since everyone raves about the frites. The chicken was also very good and served with fresh lemon and herbs. . . Overall, we had a great experience. The service was some of the best that I have ever received, our server was funny and made helpful suggestions. The view was fantastic and the food was delicious and affordable by Vegas standards. We will definitely beback!
Dined here for the first time last Saturday morning, for breakfast.  It was lovely and I will surely visit again on a future Vegas trip.  Oddly I must say that the more memorable part of a very nice meal was the wheat toast that accompanied my breakfast eggs and bacon.  The toast was very thickly sliced from rustic bread.  It was off the charts good.  Service was excellent and the room was pleasant and sunlit on a sunny but chilly morning on the Strip.
As the lady from "I Can't Believe it's Not Butter" commercial says: "Mmmm, Oui like~" ;). . FOOD: Boyfriend and I came here for lunch and was pleasantly surprised that we got seated quite quickly, I suppose since it was just for a table for two. We were escorted to a table for four, which I liked, it was much more roomy. Before ordering, you're given a complimentary baguette. I personally don't like baguettes, but I did love how soft the bread was on the inside and it's scrumptious with their lightly salted butter! So we ordered a Medium Hamburger with an Egg (eggs are optional, you can ask for it) at $12.95 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=WY4lwdmOoHEz3kqNbTy5Mg, a Medium Rare Prime Steak Sandwich at $14.95 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=kuQ8Vgt4HGeAOTzQQMtcUA, and finally a bowl of Four Mushroom Soup at $7.00/bowl http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=n2rWGJfLS5zXk-E9-3oDHg. The soup was amazing, it starts off with a chunks of cut mushrooms at bottom, then the soup poured over it from a kettle of sorts. The soup itself was creamy and thick, loved the texture- it kind of warmed you to your toes in this weather. Then the mushrooms gives of their distinct flavor, it wasn't overpowering so the two went well together. The hamburger: it was huge. The one problem I had with it was that I had a very difficulttime eating it. But it was delicious nonetheless! I loved the fact that they made the egg the way I liked it without even asking. It's cooked on the outside with the yolk runny on the inside. I advise to slurp all the yolk before putting the second half of the hamburger on or else you risk having soggy bread for the rest of the meal. The meat was tender, juicy and full of flavor, a definite treat for my taste buds! They also come with these extra crispy fries http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=ulCtrY7QWobYjGjrS2OesQ in those cool cone containers. I would recommend this (w/ the egg!) if you're looking for something more familiar to your taste. :D. . SERVICE: Impeccable. We had a waiter and an assistant waiter, so we were taken care of whenever we needed it. Our waters were always full and they checked up on us around every 40 or so minutes and both of them were very friendly people, I can't recall our main waiters name, but I remember our assistant waiter was named Stephani... Lovely young lady.. . AMBIANCE: Very fancy, walls are dark red wood laced with wine bottles with dim lighting to give that lustrous, private feeling so it's dark on the inside. The tables are set with those multiple forks and knives along with wine glasses. Tables are also set with paper tops for easy cleaning. They even have a causal dress code of no sleeveless shirts for men, most of the people that were there seemed almost well dressed, collared polo and khakis, women in nice dress shirts. But it's not mandatory, I think it's the atmosphere.. . Gotta check this place out if any of you are ever near Paris!
Eat a breakfast sandwich on a croissant on Gabi's patio. It was a delicious egg sandwich (having moved from Brooklyn to Peoria, IL, it is something I miss). The service was good and it was pretty cheap, but I think other things on the menu were more pricey. Picture of breakfast and view are in my profile.
This place is actually a treat for locals wanting to dine on the Strip!. . I'd usually try to avoid anything out here like the plague because of traffic and doucheyness but wanted to give this place a shot. Came here for a weekday brunch. Here's my breakdown:. . FOOD - Was nice. Nothing on the menu screams VIVE LA FRANCE but the quality of the food was good. Things were delicious. Friends got some burgers that filled them up. I got an onion soup that was nice but nothing mind-blowing. The stand-out item was the homemade bread. NOW THAT! Was awesome. Keep requesting that for super exploitation sake. . . Disappointment though. For a French cafe, they don't serve croque monsieur?! Outrageant!. . SERVICE - Super nice. Waitress was helpful. There's always staff on hand somewhere to get you what you need. No issues here.. . AMBIANCE - Pretty nice. Kinda looks like a Cheesecake Factory haha...sigh. Everyone loves the outdoor patio seating. Vegas rarely gets cold enough to turn it down. There's also a half-way outdoor patio seating you might opt for that puts you outside but not completely on the Strip.. . So why minus one star? They originally seated us next to some loud-ass guidos and requested to move haha. Don't let that deter you from trying this place out.
I like the ambiance of this place, and the service we Received was top notch even though the place was packed.  The only reason i'm not giving this place 5 stars is because of the Beef Bourgogne I was servered.  The fresh baguette with fennel slaw was very very tasty, as we're the escargot and French onion soup.  I originally ordered the braised short rib special, offered that night, but i was later told it was sold out which was hugely disappointing, especially considering it was only 7:30pm or so.  Anyway, I went with the Beef Bourgogne since it was listed as a restaurant "classic" on the menu, hoping my braised meat craving would be satisfied.  Unfortunately the beef Bourgogne came to my table looking like hot dog food over egg noodles.  It was just a big plate of mush, really.  We were on our way to a show, or I would have asked to send it back.  Plus, honestly, I was pretty satisfied with the starters I'd already eaten, so it wasn't like I was starving by then.  . . All in all, I would go there again in a heartbeat; I just would never order the beef Bourgogne if I could avoid it.  My husband and the rest of the family got steaks that all tasted amazing.  Big plus: I had laryngitis, and the waitress was very understanding, quickly getting me tea with lemon and honey at the end of my meal, which I know is not a typical request.
This place was busy when we went and they wouldn't seat us until everyone from our reso was there (fair enough). I had the salmon and it was just ok, the bone in rib eye steak ($39) with bernaise was much better. The mushroom soup to start was good, as were the crab cakes. We had the banana crepe, creme brulee and profitroles for dessert and the crepe was the best. It is really big so be sure to share it with someone! The service was ok, we had to ask a couple times for refills. Great value, but the quality isn't as good as the higher end steak places but that's to be expected. There were 9 of us and we all had appetizers, entree and dessert and drinks and it was $475 with tax and 18% tip.
One of the things you HAVE to do while in Vegas ... eat breakfast.  Whether it is that crazy night or just because you are on vacation.  I'm not normally a breakfast eater, but I do like to eat breakfast while in Vegas.. . Service - 5 Stars. Cleanliness - Excellent. Price - $17.58 (includes tax and tip).. Seafood - Yes, smoked salmon. Meats - Yes, chicken, bacon, steak, ham. Vegetables - Yes, salads.. Dessert - Yes. Fruits - Yes. Other - (1) Located in the Paris Hotel, (2) Cash and Credit Cards are accepted here. (3) Try to get the patio seating because it's a great spot to people watch since it faces Las Vegas Blvd.. . What was ordered:. . Emergen-C Drink ($4.95) - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 stars) - Simply orange juice.  Perfect because it is packed with vitamin C, but also very tasty start for the morning.  The orange juice was served in a flute glass.  The orange juice was not overtly sweet and nicely chilled--yet a bit flat.. . Three Eggs ($9.95) - A-Okay (4 Stars) - 3 eggs with your choice of crispy bacon or sausage.  All egg dishes are served with breakfast potatoes (aka hash browns) and toast.  Let me give you the breakfast entree breakdown:. . *3 eggs - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 Stars) - You get your choice of how you want your eggs cooked--scrambled or sunny side up.  I chose scrambled and they were cooked very nicely.  Mmm, tasted so good with ketchup.  I wanted to add some Tapatio (or any hot sauce), but I didn't think they had it and was a bit embarrassed to ask for it.. . *Sausage - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 Stars) - You have a choice of regular or chicken sausage.  I chose regular sausage--you get 2 elongated ones.  The sausages were approximately 6 inches in length and 0.7" in diameter.  The skin were cooked to a beautiful toasty brown color.  The sausage was nothing more than porky heavenly goodness.. . *Breakfast Potatoes - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 Stars) - Approximately 5" x 5" square area of hash browns.  The outer portion was cooked until nicely toasted--with a perfectly soft texture on the inside.  . . *Toast - Meh! I had better (2 Stars) - You get two pieces of thick toasted bread--3.5" x 3" x 1.5."  All I can really say is it felt like eating extra large croutons.. . The Mon Ami Gabi staff seated us on the patio which is perfect because the weather was nice and we could people watch at the same time.  It is nice to finally relax with the family and have good food.  The food here is good, but was not extraordinary--hence my struggle.  I've rounded up so Yay! I'm a Fan!
Great food and service. Best view of the strip!
After reading about this place from Michelle T. and Carol L.'s reviews, I've decided to bookmarked this place to try when I'm back in Vegas.   I remember driving by this restaurant on Las Vegas Blvd. and  wondered if it was any good.  I made a reservation through open table for 10:30am. and asked for a patio seating.  My mom decided that it would be too cold to sit outside in a 57 degree weather so we decided to sit indoors right next to their patio seating area.  Even at this time, the restaurant was pretty much filled up.. . It's a pretty long walk from the self parking lot at the Paris hotel to this restaurant.  We were getting lost trying to figure out where it was.  You have to pass all the shops and the casino lobby area to the very front of the hotel.  Don't wear heels.  The food here is definitely worth trying out for brunch/breakfast.  . . Strawberry waffles---5 stars!  Very crunchy made with buttermilk batter and topped with fresh strawberries.  Goes well with their warm maple syrup.  Very light and not heavy.  . . Ham and Cheese omelette with gruyere cheese--4 stars.  My mom ordered this and she seemed to be happy with her dish.  Came with bread (5 stars) I just can't seem to remember the type of bread but it was delish!  The hash browns were flaky and excellent.. . Crepes- BF ordered this dish but we were both not too pleased with the texture and overall taste.  I'd skip on their crepes.  2 stars.. . French onion soup-  Yeah, it's $9 for a big cup of soup.  BUT, it's worth every sip!  We ended up fighting for the cheeeeeeeese!  Not too salt unlike other soups I've tried.  This is one soup I'd come back and order again!  Must order as an appetizer. Big enough to share with two people.  5+stars!. . . Coffee--Very good coffee.   They are very good about offering refills whenever your cup is half way done.  5 stars. . . Service--Top notch!  5 stars!  Outstanding service from the minute you walk into the restaurant.   . . Ambience--LOVE it!  Wish they had a location in LA because I'd be a frequent customer!
Favorite dishes: escargot, seafood crepe, mussels, salmon salad, and crab cakes.. I always come here whenever I go to Vegas just to eat their escargots. Best escargot!!!
My girlfriend and I opted to dine here Christmas night, and are SO glad that we did. Talk about a wonderfully-appointed restaurant with a polite, professional staff to match. The food is absolute bliss in your mouth, and sitting on the patio, we were treated to a multi-billion dollar view. . . Being that it was Christmas night, the restaurant was fairly busy, and so, even though I'd made reservations a week and a half early, we still ended up waiting about 20 minutes extra to be seated; no big deal - it happens. However, it would have been a different story had we needed to get to a show or something. . . We were seated on the outside patio, which was very chilly, but under heat lamps, our table was very comfortable. The patio of Mon Ami is directly across from Bellagio, which gives you a tremendous view of the fountains - the classiest thing on the Strip. The way the buildings are situated, it's relatively easy to hear the soundtrack for the fountain show, which is really cool. . . Our server was really nice; attentive, very personable and professional. She was friendly and not overly chatty, and made us feel very welcome, even though the restaurant was packed. . . The bread that is brought to the table is wonderful; fresh, warm and baked just right. The butter served isn't very soft, but it wasn't concrete either; what a yummy appetizer! They DO bring more bread if you'd like, so don't be shy. . . I had the Hanger Steak, which comes topped with a merlot butter and a mountain of Mon Ami's signature fries - "frites" - which were simply amazing to begin with, but when used to mop up the steak's juice and left-over butter... beautiful! The steak was prepared medium-rare and was a TAD on the chewy side; but that was the cut, not a ding toward the cooks. It was very tasty and absolutely filling.. . My girlfriend had the Steak Classique, which came topped with maitre  d'hotel butter as well as a mound of frites. Hers was also cooked medium-rare, and was perfect. In fact, the taste was so rich, she barely used any of the butter at all. . . I had a Blue Moon beer and she had a glass of Mon Ami's Frangria, which she adored. . . We didn't have dessert because we thought that would come elsewhere (which it didn't - damn that booze and gambling). . . All in all, the bill came to about $70 bucks for the dinner. For a great meal, I'd say between $70-150 should be expected at Mon Ami Gabi. However, with the amazing ambience, incredibly nice staff and outstanding food, it's a price gladly paid on a special occasion, and we WILL be back again. . . Definitely wait to sit on the outside patio if you have the time; it's absolutely worth it. Pure magic!
Tasty food, good service, nice view of the strip..... . I enjoyed my food... I found it to be well prepared. Attentive service. Loud-ish and crowded, but, hey, so are true Parisian bistros. I noticed some people considered it touristy, but that's to be expected in Vegas (hello... its all tourists...!) Its still good food and a cute place to sit on the strip.. . Give it a try!
Love this place!  We definitely make it a staple every visit to Vegas.  Great food for affordable prices.  Ordered a smoked salmon & egg salad tartine (with fries) for something like $13 (for lunch).  Never had a bad meal here.. . Pros & Tips:. -Sit outside for a view of the Bellagio fountain show; it is semi-blocked by trees but it's good enough.. -French fries are A-MAZ-ING!  If you order a sandwich that comes with chips, sub the fries!  Might be a small charge but it's so worth it.  They are thin, flat, and crispy.  Buon appetit!
Great ambience! Good food. Pleasant experience.
WOW. WOW.WOW.. . The staff was attentive. The view of the Bellagio Fountains from the patio was romantic. They serve bread (freshly baked) and butter at each meal.. . I ordered a salmon and was EXTREMELY please. Most places over-cook fish and I'm a stickler for properly cooked fish. I'm constantly yelling at my husband, "Don't over-cook the fish!" In fact, I'm surprised I ordered the fish, considering how often I have been disappointed by restaurants in the past. Mon Ami did not disappoint!. . Overall... very happy with this restaurant. I read some past YELP reviews and noticed the "understaffed" comments. All I have to say is that it's really difficult for restaurants to staff appropriately for rushes. We, however, were there during a "non-rush" time and were extremely flattered by the attentiveness of the staff. . . Good Job!
Consistent winner and top choice for me on any Vegas visit. . . Mon Ami Gabi does a French affair well. The service is non-pretentious and inviting. The decor is bistro-like and warm. The view from the patio seating is premium if the Storm Trooper isn't too intrusive from the sidewalk. The food is tastefully done and consistently good. . . This place certainly has a winning combination.
Great food, great service, beautiful view of the Bellagio fountain if you sit outside.  We had the liver mousse (yum), mussels (yum) and the steak with blue cheese (yum).  They even have my favorite wine here (sancerre).  Love this place.
My Friend, Gabi! 4.5 stars for you! How wonderful & tasty you are! I reallllllyyyy wanted to give you a 5-star but my friends felt that a 4-star was more just. I am so excited that my friends and I decided to go eat steak in Vegas instead of the usual buffet. My sister was the first to recommend me to try Mon Ami Gabi and although I was hesistant, I decided to go. And man, I definitely do not regret my experience at Mon Ami Gabi!. . Let's start with the atmosphere and service. The atmosphere is definitely a romantic one, and one where you're facing the Ceasar's Palace fountain. The view is amazing and even though we were sitting inside, it was still a nice atmosphere. As for the service, I thought our waitress did a really great job with us. There were 10 of us, which you can imagine how annoying it can be, and yet she was very friendly and very patient with us. Our waitress made great recommendations for us, she constantly checked up on us, and she was very patient and nice about splitting up the bills for us.. . Now, let's get to the drinks, entree, and dessert. Here's everything I had and tried: Fangria (drink), Filet Mignon with merlot butter (entree), Creme Brulee (dessert), and White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Ice Cream (dessert). . . Fangria: If you've ever had gluhwein (mulled wine), this was like the best gluhwein you'll ever had. It's almost like a chilled gluhwein with just a hint of rosemary. It was a perfect beginning to our New Year's Night.. . Filet Mignon with Merlot Butter: I had mine cooked to medium rare and I loved that the chef cooked it just the way I like it. There weren't any blood dripping down my plate but the inside of the steak was a bit reddish pink. Not just that, but the filet was cooked so tender with the surface a bit glazed. Also, the merlot butter is BY FAR the best sauce I've ever had with filet. It's probably the best pairing with steak and now, I know how I like my steak to taste like! . . Frites: This came as a side with my filet mignon. I can see why some people may not like their fries but it was my favorite! I'd say Mon Ami Gabi's fries comes as 2nd best fries I've ever had (after Michael Symon's Bspot's Lola Fries). These fries are really thin and really crispy. If you usually like those big fries with lots of potato or sweet potato in it, then this isn't for you. These are really thinly sliced fries with just the right amount of crunch.. . Creme Brulee: SOOOOOO GOOD! I don't think I've ever had terrible creme brulee and Mon Ami Gabi's definitely didn't disappoint either. However, I think the creme brulee could've have used a little more vanilla bean extract.. . Bread Pudding: meh. if anything, this might be the reason I lowered a star for mon ami gabi. The bread pudding was great, it just wasn't the best i've ever had. . . Overall, I loved this restaurant. I think it's a must try if you want to have great reasonable pricing steak and still end up with a great deal! My bill at the end came up roughly $50 (including tax and gratuity). . . Mon Ami Gabi! Thanks for a great New Year's Eve dinner.
Weekday lunch no reservation needed.  Great service and great food as well.  Heres the summary:. Complementary bread - hot right out of the oven. Sangria - pretty awesome, lots of depth with the spices vs fruity sugary sangrias. Escargot - butterygarlicygoodness. Steak sandwich - cooked to perfection. Fries - thinly sliced and delicious. Staff - very helpful, informative, and courteous. Ambience - very relaxing and enjoyable. We took a nice warm table on the inside since it was 40s and windy outside.  Its nice that they have that option since the outside sets you along the busy strip to people watch, while the inside provides a intimate dinning setting.  They are known for their Steak which I would want to try on a future occasion (not in a sandwich).  They also have great hours (open late) which makes this place always an option for those awesome vegas nights.
This place so delicious! My good friend took me on a friendly date while the rest of our group when to a concert. I was a bit leery at first bc I didn't want my friend to spend too much. To my surprise everything was moderately price. We had wine appetizers I had the salmon and my friend had the steak for a total of $100! What a deal! The restaurant is located across from the Belagio so we had a fantastic view of the fountain :)  . . The salmon was the best I've had. And the steak? Out of your mind delish! Great ambiance as well as cuisine! If you're in Vegas and looking for good food at a good price this is your place.
The food is good but the service is hit or miss.
Great location and great place and if weather permits it's a great place to dine out on their patio, which I requested when I went their with my bf.  If you come here for lunch or dinner you get a wonderful view of the Bellagio water show just across the street.. . The server was attentive to our needs and the food was good. I got their crab and shrimp seafood salad sandwich but the only complaint I have about it is that it was WAYY too salty. It was too salty to the point that I had to dig into the bread they gave us in the beginning just to finish the salad. On a more positive note, my bf got their classic steak dish and that wasn't a disappointment at all.. . I would definitely come here again to try something different on their menu. It was a good way to end out trip in Vegas.
Came here with my wife for dinner and sat outside on the patio with a great view of the Bellagio water show. Nice setting for a good dinner.. . -Frisee and warm bacon salad: Had a poached egg on top and when you crack that thing open and let it mix in with the salad it was excellent. One of the better salads I have had.. . -French Onion soup: My wife had this as her starter and it was great. Quality gruyere and great flavor.. . -Bone in ribeye without bernaise sauce: Cooked medium rare on the more rare side which was perfect. One of the better bone in's that I have had.. . - Roast Chicken & Frittes - My wife had this and I was upset that she got roast chicken but it was excellent. Great crunch on the skin and very tender and moist chicken. Fries were also tasty.. . Sides:. Brussel sprouts and sauteed mushrooms: Hard to go wrong with either. Fairly standard but brussel sprouts were better than most.
Anything off their steak ffrites menu is absolutely amazing and I make sure I come here every time I visit Vegas. Don't bother with their seafood options (I've been spoiled by the seafood in SF and Seattle, so I'm pickier than most) and dessert menu. This is an amazing place to take a date or your significant other because right across the street is the fountain show at the Bellagio that occurs about every half hour.
I enjoyed myself so much at this restaurant, I went there for 3 meals (2 dinners and 1 lunch) during my 4 day-3 night stay. The bartenders, waiters, waitresses, and the random workers filling my water glass and bringing my bread were lovely people! The hostess not so much.. . The food was kind of hit or miss- I loved the steak and frites (au poivres and bordelaise), the salmon (I'm not a fish fan, but it came on a lovely bed of mashed potatoes, pearl onions, and roasted garlic), champagne, and belvedere martini (alcohol is food, sure). . . I was not so fond of- banana fosters crepe (the crepe was a little rubbery, bananas were raw, and it was all covered in melted brown sugar, altogether it could have been much, much better), fish and frites (the pan fried fish lacked seasoning, and it had a weird texture), creme brulee (it had too much burnt taste).. . The reason why I give it four stars, is because when you're sitting on the patio sipping champagne, watching the ridiculous tourists do their ridiculous tourists things, with the Bellagio fountain dancing serenely to Con Te Partiro across the street, you can't help but love your life. Well, my life. I had a lovely experience, and oftentimes in Vegas, that is what you pay for- the experience.
Went there with my wife this last Thanksgiving.   We had a "date night"  without kids so we decided to try out this place -- mainly because of the positive YELP reviews, as well as the great location.  If you sit outside, there is a great view of the Bellagio outdoor water show.   Our view was blocked at times, however, by those advertisement trucks that pollute the Vegas Strip.  They have heat lamps so it is still pretty warm even once the sun sets.  We ordered the filet mignon (pretty good here) with the roquefort butter.  The ambience was perfect for a romantic dinner.  We didn't feel rushed by our waittress and she was very nice, checking on us from time to time without being too intrusive.  We usually don't take longer than an hour or hour and half for dinner when it's just the two of us, but because it was so relaxing we stayed for close to two hours!   Wouldn't recommend this place for those with kids but overall had a great experience!  Next time we are in Vegas, we'll definitely drop by again!  . . By the way, make sure you make reservations before you go as it gets crowded.  You can make reservations online too I believe.
Hostess situation was bad.  Snotty young girls telling everyone they were sooo busy the wait would be forever.  We had reservations but were shuffled off into another line and told they didn't know when we would get seated.  We suffered the indignity of the hostess and were glad we did.  The waiter was very good and the food was amazing.   The restaurant  was steadily busy and the wait staff was handling it very well.  The view was good but if you get the opportunity to sit on the patio it would be awesome!  Not a place for quite conversation since it is fairly noisy but again the food and service was great.  Get the hostess situation under control and they would have a solid 5 stars.
Had the best steak everrrrr... Fillet Mignon Merlot was great!!! And the view of the Bellagio fountain was also nice. Try to sit outdoor though, I think it's part of the experience. It's a bit pricey but if you think of the food quality and ambience, it's really pretty reasonable :)
I came to celebrate my friends birthday here with Norma Jean O. To really experience this place you HAVE TO SIT ON THE PATIO. It just brings a certain ambiance to it, and I can't deny, if they replaced our eccentric tourists with more sofisticated strollers, I'd be as close to the look and feel Paris as I can get. The view is worth the seating and price, and it really sets the mood for something intimate or toned down. Definitely an atmosphere to easily strike conversation.. . I had the All Natural Chicken Breast with Frittes. It was a great dish, but the only thing I was really dissappointed about was the fact that the dish was nothing special. Nothing that makes Mon Ami's chicken breast different from any other joint that serves chicken breast. I'd expect a 5 star quality chicken experience for the price you pay for. The chicken was very tender, and it is a big portion of chicken so that made me feel a bit more satisfied. I watched my friends eat the escargot for appertizer. Honestly, it smelled delicous and sounded delicous, but my heart wasn't ready to try it so I passed on that one. But, if you have a strong stomach and heart, and have the courage to try it, I WOULD suggest to try it. I heard its amazing.. . We pretty much knocked down a bunch of desserts in the end, but what I loved and remembered was the banana bread with ice cream. Soft and delicous, and it had that light crunch due to the walnuts. Yay!
Best crepe I have ever had! I went there thinking it would be overpriced and overrated, was I ever wrong. Ginger and carrot soup was absolutely amazing and the crepes that followed( seafood and chicken/broccoli) were full of flavor and spot on. We missed out on the patio seating but I could careless since we went there to eat. If you need a good lunch check it out.
RESERVE A SEAT ON THE PATIO and dine while you watch the Bellagio water show. This is probably the best atmosphere on the strip. You are provided with as much fresh french bread as you can eat. The escargo was amazing. Entrees are OK- Very basic french items such as skirt steak and frites. Bread pudding dessert was exceptional.
Vegetarians, go for the sweet potato soup & the butternut squash and leek quiche. The Pinot Blanc is refreshing. If the weather is nice, sit on the deck outside.
I had a great experience at this restaurant. My friend and I were seated right away and were accommodated in the patio at our request.We had a fantastic view of the Las Vegas Strip and the Fountain Shows at the Bellagio. . . We had the cheese plate as an appetizer, which was great. The Pear Compote was an amazing pairing for the  cheese and baguette. I ordered the Roast Chicken, which came with frites (French Fries) and a delicious side that consisted of bacon, mushrooms, and pearl onions. The chicken was really moist and the sides were equally delicious. my friend had a salmon dish and was very pleased as well.. . The ambiance and service were great. Ask for Patio seating for an awesome view. The heaters make it bearable, even in the middle of winter. . . I was there with a friend, but the place is also really romantic for couples and great for groups.
Delicious food, nice atmosphere, and your wallet won't be crying at the end of your meal!. . Started off sharing the escargot which was delicious. I was so busy enjoying the perfectly cooked, well portioned sea scallops I didn't try any one else's dish but my family seemed to enjoy what they ordered. I'll definitely eat here again on my next trip and will try to grab a patio seat so I can enjoy a view of the Bellagio water show across the street.
Came here for lunch after a long night of partying.  I'm a huge fan of French food, and had definitely been craving it ever since I arrived at PH and saw that the Paris was next door.  Mon Ami Gabi definitely satisfied my craving!  A friend and I split the steak classique (steak with butter), and the quiche Lorraine.  So good!!!  The steak was perfectly cooked medium rare, as requested.  The quiche Lorraine was delicious, but I was so full by the time I got around to eating it that I only had a few bites; what I did eat was perfectly balanced.  My friends seemed to enjoy their orders as well.  I only wish that the restaurant served steak tartare... I would've been on that like white on rice!. . Side note, the bread is served warm and crusty, the way it should be.  I wanted to eat the whole baguette myself, not to lie... but highly disappointing was the cold butter! . . Definitely worth coming here for a meal that is nice, but not too nice (I'm looking at you, 16-course tasting menu at JG), when you're in Vegas.
So far this is my boyfriend & I's favorite dinner place in Las Vegas. We were given bread & spread as we were seated, with the spread being absolutely delicious. It was sweet & tart, which went perfect with the fresh bread. We also ordered seared ahi tuna salad & mac & cheese on the side; the tuna was perfectly seared and was seasoned to go with the salad dressing, but it was a bit pricey while the mac & cheese was just okay, nothing special. . . We both ordered the steak & fries. My boyfriend ordered the filet mignon merlot & I ordered the filet mignon au poivre. His was more sweet while mine had a peppercorn taste to it. They were both delicious, but I will admit the filet mignon merlot was better. . . Service is a big deal for me and this place had great service. Everyone was friendly. . . You should probably make reservations for dinner since it's usually busy. There's a great view of the Bellagio fountains out on the patio, but seats there are first come, first serve. We got lucky and got a seat inside right next to the window, which allowed us to be warm inside and still get a great view hehe :D
Great meal,  eventually. The moules ( mussels) had to go back as they were cold.. Wine was excellent and the waiter has us try  4 before we decided.  He compt  my meal because  of the delay getting a replacement dish which was superb.. Really good coffee. We had show tickets so they hurried for us. Or we would have stayed for desert.. Make reservations or be prepared to wait. Although waiting in the bar is not a hardship!
For me - Vegas is an experience for all the senses. By balancing tasty eats, a show or two, some cocktails, shopping and slots, I feel I walk away having a complete and lovely experience. It's about exploring, while keeping splurges in check and minding some sort of budget. I'm alwayson the lookout for new culinary delights.. . That said, 5 years ago during my first trip to Vegas, my family set out to multiple steakhouses to find the perfectly aged, and scrumptious steak. We went everywhere. My pops spent some silly money, but wasn't blown away yet. On a lark, near the end, we tried Mon Ami Gabi. The filet mignon and escargot...and I kid you not...we were still telling people about it 5 years later! So, naturally, I was a bit nervous to return as I had relived the ecstasy in that meal over and over in my head and was fearful a second return trip would not deliver in the same fashion.. . Thankfully, it did!. . The filet mignon once again, melted in my mouth. The meat had a wonderful sear on the outside and was cooked perfectly to my preferred medium to medium rare temp. We had made reservations, so our seat for two at the windows was picturesque. It was sunset and following a renewal of our vows. Watching the fountains and the sky change colors was incredibly romantic. I could tell my hubby was a little envious of my filet mignon, he opted to save $10 and go with a cheaper cut (what a sweetie) so I made sure to give him plenty of bites. The mashed potatoes were the perfect compliment to my meat. My hubby went for the sweet potato mash which wasn't the best combo with his blue cheese topping, but it wasn't a disaster in any sense. He still really enjoyed his steak and the flavors (just didn't do much of his sweet mash with it). . . Our service was good and her assistant (who cleared and refilled) was very attentive and kind. Our server also brought us a mini dessert free of charge in honor of our wedding renewal. It was divinely sweet (and we definitely tipped her more for the gesture).. . We'll definitely be returning in the future. Yum.. . PROS. Views!. Filet Mignon (If memory serves, I may have licked the plate when no one was looking). Location - Central on strip. Price - Very reasonable when compared to other "steak" orientated establishments. Steaks are in 20s and 30s. Bargain in Vegas.. . CONS. Chain (I think? I love supporting non-chain when possible). Two of my escargots were gritty
Filet mignon with merlot butter is their most popular dish with good reason.  It comes with these perfectly ribboned thin cut fries that you can dip in the rich delicious sauce.  The filet was perfectly cooked.
Woke up just in time for lunch and made online reservations via Open Table, which saved a lot of time! Sitting outside would have yielded a better view, but we were definitely too hungry to wait.. . I had the Steak Bordelaise while my boyfriend had the Steak Classique. Service was friendly and could have been a little faster but I didn't mind since I was still in recovery mode. The French bread came out nice and warm and had the perfect crust. Steaks were good and I enjoyed the red wine sauce of the bordelaise, but the caramelized onions were a bit too sweet for me. The frites were a nice accompaniment since it wasn't has heavy and greasy as American style fries. Makes eating meat and potatoes a lot more lady like and sophisticated rather than a big hunk of pink meat.. . Overall, a decent place to grab some French style eats, but being in Vegas, there's probably better deals at the multitude of buffets; total bill came out to be $80ish with tip for the two steak entrees and four orange juices (boo on not having free refills!)
Awesome view with incredible view...wait staff sucks balls
This was a breakfast event.  . . I had the corned beef hash breakfast.  Not what I thought.  It was separate corned beef AND hash browns.  Oh well, both were delicious, right amount of seasoning.  The poached eggs, for my taste, was a bit overcooked.  We also ordered the Country Style Pate and although it was still morning, they were very accommodating and were able to prepare the dish for us.  It could have been more to room temperature but nevertheless it was delicious over the country toast slathered with mustard.  The cornichons and pickled pearl onions added to the dish as it cut the fatty richness of the pate.. . Good service, good environment and would definitely like to try the other dishes, but so many more restaurants to visit and my stomach ain't that big.
Came here a few weeks ago during my weekend trip to Vegas. We made reservations for 4 on a Saturday right before our Celine Dion Show (which was awesome..btw). Anyways. we were seated fairly quickly and had great service.. . Food wise:. French Onion soup is delicious! The fiance and I shared one and it was so good we both wished there would be more! . . The bread they serve is also piping hot and fresh. Delicious just with butter!. . The steaks here are all good-- I think having your steak medium or medium rare would give you the best texture. The four of us all ordered a different steak, and I had the chance to try them all- they were all delicious, I don't think you can go wrong-- it just depends on the sauce, if you prefer savory or more sweet.. . Great restaurant, with a great view of the Bellagio Water show..what's not to love?!
Went there for our girls', as in 10 and 11 year-olds, special birthday celebration.  We had three adults, four kids and one baby.  We sat in the patio area, so yeah, we had to put baby in the corner.  We had reservations, but we still had to wait about 20 minutes to get seated.  Even though there were 8 of us, we were seated in a rather small round table.  But no matter, we were in a good spot, front row seating for the Bellagio water show and music.  They brought us one loaf of bread.  Exactly one loaf.  I had to ask for another, at the risk of spoiling our appetites, because the kids had waited a while.  The kids meals were surprisingly large and they enjoyed the pastas, green beans and apple slices served on a partitioned tray.  You really can't beat a kid's steak for $8!  I had the very tasty beef bourguignon and my sister and brother-in-law had salads.  The service, with the exception of the bread stinginess, was very good.  My only wish was that they offered truly traditional french specialties every day (ie coq au vin or duck a l'orange).  Great food, reasonable prices and a free show makes this place #1 on my list of places to frequent while in Vegas
What a perfect place to have lunch in Vegas.  I really couldn't imagine anything more perfect than sitting outside on the Vegas strip enjoying lunch and a drink.  That's exactly what the Hubs and I did this past week thanks to all the amazing reviews for this spot at Paris Las Vegas.. . Since we were staying at Paris, it was easy to make a lunch reservation and wonder downstairs to partake in some good food.  We asked to sit outside, which was accommodated.  It was cold and windy out, but the heaters were on and it was worth it to be able to people watch and enjoy the sunshine.  The atmosphere alone is reason enough to come to this restaurant, but when you add on fantastic food, your have a sure bet (please don't mind the Vegas pun- LOL).  . . So, as far as the food is considered... we shared the baked brie, french onion soup, and the croque monsieur.  Though this was a cheese filled meal, it was SOOO... good!  The baked brie was absolutely to die for.  It was served with toasted/salt and peppered bread, honey, roasted garlic, and toasted hazelnuts.  WOW- I just started salivating thinking about it again.... the french onion soup was also great, but maybe a bit TOO much cheese (if there is such a thing).  The sandwich was awesome paired with crispy fries.  Simple, but done well.  Oh, the bread, a whole baguette, was warm and gone in 5 minutes.. . Having stayed at Paris before, I am disappointed I never ate here previously.  I can't say that mistake will ever happen again because I will surely eat here every time I am in Vegas- that's a promise!
I think I've praised this place before.  This is THE place to get brunch in Vegas.  Patio dining so you can people watch in the sun, an atrium for dining, then the dining room if you wanna sit in the shade. . . I love coming here for brunch for their varied menu: waffles, omelets, burgers, soups, etc.  The service here is quick and the food comes out pretty quickly.  . . I got the lobster bisque to start.  Although it wasn't as creamy as I imagine bisques to be, it was definitely creamy and tasty. . . For my meal I got the ahi tuna burger.  Tons of avocado on top and the pomme frites were so crispy!  . . For my dessert I shared the red velvet cake.  A drizzle of chocolate coated itand sour cream icecream topped it off.  Delicious.  It was so rich it tasted almost savory. . . Once again, a treat to eat here.  You might want to make reservations though.  Got here on Saturday morning and they gave us a 20 minute wait time (2 people), it ended up being only 10 minutes though but you never know!
Went here for a romantic dinner with my boyfriend, and the great reviews didn't fail us. Thank you yelpers. . . One thing that I absolutely loved about this restaurant was the Ambiance....Made dinner reservations for 2 and requested a seat on the patio and luckily we got it. . (Make reservations! this place was packed Friday night!) . It was beautiful....Perfect date spot with a view of the Bellagio fountains, so Romantique!. . Second thing i loved....It was a French restaurant, with a French hostess, and a French server... LEGIT! - plus service was really good.. . The best thing that i Loved was the FILET MIGNON merlot, I can still the taste the juiciness, the awesome flavor and the melt in your mouth goodness. Goodness!! This steak was soo yum I kept on referring back to it throughout our evening.. BF went with the Ribeye, huge steak, was cooked just right but i'd still go with the filet mignon, duh. . The prices were understandably reasonable. For 2 people our bill was a little over $100. . . The not so lovable... - Escargots or how my boyfriend calls it Escar-No's - good.... not Mindblowing. . - Restrooms - none in the restaurant, so you'd have to walk out into the casino to pamper yourselves, but then again it's in a casino so figures... - Our table, I don't mean to be a Debbie Downer but our table was freaking small! . . Overall Love love loved this place, It's not like those restaurants on the strip that'll leave holes in your pocket. . . BON APPETIT!
Very good, but not great.
Excellent food and very attentive staff. I loved the variety of steaks they offered for not such a bad price. This will be our return spot to dine every time we visit Las Vegas.
Is Mon Ami Gabi all about the food or the view?. Before dining here I read the many reviews my friends wrote on Mon Ami and half talked about the food and half talked about the cool view of the strip and the people watching. Well, I'm happy to report that Mon Ami Gabi is great for both. . . Located at the Paris hotel, Mon Ami Gabi is a super popular joint because its huge outdoor patio sits right on the strip, with an awesome view of the Bellagio fountains. No matter what time of day you visit Mon Ami the patio is jammed pack full of people. . . Mon is a good spot to visit for any meal. Whether you want breakfast, brunch, lunch or dinner you're bound to find something tasty. . My wife and I ate breakfast here on our most recent trip to LV. I made reservations through Opentable.com and when we arrived we were sat on the patio within mere moments. After looking over the large menu and hearing their daily specials, this is what we ordered;. . Me- Slow Braised Beef Eggs Benedict W/ caramelized onions, hollandaise sauce and hashbrowns http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=hXY6rJfbWKAbfpXatsJ-7g. My Wife- Strawberry Waffle W/ fresh whipped cream and a side of sausage http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=Oym0dA3Z42jtulQx3f_BWQ . . My Benedict was amazing. The meat was super tender and flavorful and both the poached eggs and hollandaise sauce were perfect. I also really enjoyed their housemade English muffins. My wife's waffle was light and crispy and had a warm, fluffy middle. The strawberries that were on top of her waffle were extremely fresh and sweet. The side sausage was good too. To drink we both had a glass of their fresh squeezed OJ, which was super refreshing.. . The prices here are really reasonable and our server was super friendly and helpful. . . My favorite part of breakfast though was by far the people watching. Even though it was early, the strip was littered with people who were staggering back to their hotel rooms after a long night of hard partying. And since it was such a cool, beautiful day in Vegas we took our times eating and had a wonderful time watching the entertaining crowd. Next time I want to dine here at night and watch the Bellagio fountain show. . Check out Mon Ami Gabi for yourself. I know you'll love it.
For an early breakfast on the Strip that is nice, and located in the good part of town where you wont be bothered by drunk tools drinking their huge gold bottles of red bull and vodka, you cant do better than this very nice french style bistro located in Paris. . . The prices for all brunch items are under 14 bucks, which is a real good deal for this caliber restaurant right on the Strip. Wont go into the food, because hundreds have already spilled the beans on them. I will just say that you have to request the outside patio section, and do the people watching. You are on an elevated platform, so the people shuffling by can't always hear you making fun of them. And even if they do, there is a partition separating you from the sidewalk so unless they are parkour champions, you will be safe to stare and laugh away.
12 slightly hung over girls had brunch here after our friend's bachlorette weekend.. We had a reservation and were seated quickly (those without waited quite awhile). We chose to sit inside because it was June and very hot. The service was great and the food was too. I dream of the pancakes!!!!
On a recommendation of a friend, and good reviews on Yelp, I decided we had to check this place out. Weeks in advance, I set a reservation through Open Table for 7:30 on a Tuesday night. . . Dress code here is mostly lenient--no sleeveless shirts for the gentlemen and no swimwear for the ladies--chances aren't likely that you'll run into anyone from the Jersey Shore here. . . But it is a popular place. There are two lines at the entrance. We arrived a few minutes early but stood in line anyway because it looked like it would be several minutes of waiting. And it was.  One line was for those with reservations and one line was for those without. I overheard someone in the "without reservations" line say there would be an hour wait for a table outside. When we got to the front, we let them know our name and reservation time and were seated immediately at a little table for two inside but facing the Fountains of Bellagio. . . We were brought a loaf of delicious fresh, warm bread and split an order of escargot de Bourgogne for $11. My husband says the bread was probably the best he'd ever had and we cleaned the escargot dish to save the dishwasher some extra work.  . . My husband ordered the trout amandine, a recommendation of the hostess that seated us.  It was a huge filet of trout prepared with a lemony dressing--light and healthy but full of flavor and a large enough serving for even my hungrier half to be content. . . I had the filet mignon with the merlot butter. It was prepared beautifully...exactly as I ordered and just the perfect flavor. . . Based on the food alone, we would absolutely return to Mon Ami Gabi.  Everything was delicious and our dinner was so reasonably priced, we were a bit surprised--$76 for an appetizer, 2 entrees, and a dessert in a restaurant with a view on the strip. Say what?! . . It's a bit noisy in there but that seems to be par for the course in Vegas. We keep trying to find nice romantic restaurants and it seems the party environment that Vegas is doesn't seem to allow for it...knowing that in advance, I'd still return to Mon Ami Gabi again.
Try the frangia. I saw a review that it was weak but I ordered it anyways and it was far from it! Good deal on the strip. Good place to people watch if you sit outside. Food is good too but the frangia was the best. =)
Went here this past weekend. It's a great place. The only complaint I have about this place is the lack of vegetarian options in general, but I just blame that on the french. The view of the Bellagio fountain from this place is really nice. We sat in the area that's between outdoor and indoor seating with large glass windows to allow for the view and the sunlight. The other negative for this place is the long wait for outdoor seating (and they don't accept reservations for those. It's on a first come, first serve basis), but we were quite satisfied with the placement of our table. Try the fries and the vegetarian special that's not on the menu which is an open mushroom sandwich with a poached egg on top. The spinach quiche I hear is quite good but since I'm not a big quiche person, I didn't enjoy it very much. For dessert, their profiteroles are amazing!
Our lunch stop while we were in Vegas, this place was a delight. Located on the main level of the Paris hotel and its patio extending onto the strip, this is a nice relaxing place to enjoy a near authentic Parisienne bistro experience. We were seated indoors in near the patio which was a perfect place cause it was still a bit chilly in the February air.. . . We were served water right away and I was surprised to discover a poor little ant trying to swim for his life in my glass. It was promptly replaced by the server who apologized and I received a fresh glass.. . We decided to order a few appetizers and a bowl of their famous french onion soup and have it accompanied by a glass of Pinot Blanc.. . . Complimentary bread and butter were quickly placed on our table before our food began to arrive in about 15 minutes. The fresh butter was great and the bread still warm.. . . The first appetizer that arrived was the Chicken Liver Mousse. What a fantastic dish. The pate mousse was delicious and was served with a small side of pickled onions and cucumbers and four pieces of slightly toasted bread. Partially drizzled was a most delicious hot mustard which provided just enough kick to compliment the pate. I was thoroughly impressed and the only thing that could have made it better would have been a few more pieces of bread as the serving size of the mousse was more than enough.. . . The escargot arrived with a surprisingly appetizing green coloured sauce which was actually the garlic herb butter. The six pieces of escargots had great heat (temperature) and as such was a pleasure to eat. The garlic herb butter was not too rich and added great flavour. I wouldn't go out of my way to order this item but it was good and so if you are in the mood for escargots then I would recommend this.. . . We ordered a half-order of the muscles and they arrived in good time.The muscles were a good size and the white wine sauce was so good that we were dipping the bread into it to get all the sauce we could in to our stomach. They were fresh and full of flavour.. . . The onion soup was to die for. Make sure that when you order this, you eat it as soon as it comes to your table as you want the cheese to be all melty and stringy. It was delicious and I would highly recommend this. If there's only one thing that you order, it must be the french onion soup.. . All in all, a fantastic place for lunch with good service, great food, and a pseudo-parisienne  experience in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip.
My wife and I had a great time.  The food was great.  We had the baked brie for an appetizer.  It was good.  The brie was baked with garlic cloves, which made a nice combination.. . I had the baked half chicken and my wife had the scallops.  My chicken was quite tasty, but the breast was seriously overcooked.  My wife said the scallops were some of the best scallops she's ever had.  We split the profiteroles for dessert - they were seriously awesome.  My wife had their house cocktail (Frangria), which she loved.  She said it was tasty, and not too sweet.. . Our waiter was a bit standoffish at first (hesitant to give recommendations), but very good overall otherwise.  We will definitely go back on our next visit to Las Vegas.. . We had reservations and were seated promptly when we arrived.  The hostess was very nice.
While it could be a challenge to be an early riser in Vegas, breakfast here (7 a.m. to 11 a.m.) was well worth the trade on sleeping in. So much, in fact, I started my day here twice on my last visit to Vegas.. . Part un: a rather large croissant sandwich with egg, tomato, avocado, turkey and just the right amount of mayo. Though I barely had room left, I also tried the fruit salad--delicious with mango, pineapple and grape, and yogurt and brown sugar on the side. While it set me back another $10 or so, it was hard not to indulge in a mimosa while enjoying the Bellagio fountain view and the bustling Strip just off the patio (they also offered Bloody Marys and a rolling wine cart among other morning libations).. . Part deux: quiche Lorraine, light and savory with bacon, cheese and chive. (It was hard to say no to the mimosa this time.). . In both cases, service was prompt, friendly and seemed effortless.. . It looks like dinner here would be a hit as well, and the ambience offered in the evening is lure enough next time I'm in town.
Made reservations for Saturday breakfast the night before. Two out of our group of five were running late, so they wouldn't seat us till everyone in our party was there. Which meant that we missed the cutoff for breakfast at 11am. They still have brunch options on the Lunch menu so I still got my breakfast, coffee and blueberry french toast! . Loved this restaurant and sad we couldn't make it back before going back home! Next time would like to sit outside on the patio. (No reservations for patio seating)
Mon Ami Gabi is one of my favorite strip restaurants. We always do lunch here and sit outside. Reservations are definatley suggested. On my last visit two of my guest steaks were cooked improperly. The staff bent over backwards to correct the issue. Awesome! I love their French Brandy Mussells. Prices are very resonable for such a view of the strip and fountain show. Look forward to seeing you in April. Keep up the great work.
I'd say this is the best moderately priced steakhouse in town. I went on a Friday night, got a table outside, with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains.  My cousins were in town visiting and we had a table for four, during prime dining hours.  We sat and chatted for at least an hour after we finished our meal, and never felt rushed to leave.. . My cousin and I had the filet mignon with merlot butter and it was delicious. It wasn't on the same level as N9ne, but four of us ate at Mon Ami Gabi for the price two would at N9ne.  My cousin's husband had the filet mignon with the peppercorn something or other sauce and my mom had the crab cakes and macaroni and cheese.  Everything was wonderful, though my mom did say that the crab cake was only mediocre. . . Overall, great food, great service, great ambiance, and beautiful views.  I will definitely be back, and I certainly recommend this place to anyone looking to spend a little bit less than most of the steakhouses on the strip will cost you (our bill for four was under $150).
I've eaten here 3 times because it's one of the few nicer places in Vegas that's not ridiculously expensive. Always had a great experience. I love the steak with bearnaise, and the trout is delish too. If you eat outside you have a view of the Bellagio fountain show.
Love this place!  I've eaten there both times I visited Vegas. I ate lunch there two times and breakfast once.  Never had the pleasure of dining there for dinner.  Wish I had so I could give this place the full five-star rating it probably deserves.  They have a wonderful array of fine wines and the food is beautifully presented as well as delicious.  I had the savory crepes (shrimp and scallops), which was so good I just had to order it again the next time I had lunch there. Ordered Eggs Benedict for breakfast this trip and enjoyed it immensely.  If you take my advice and eat at this restaurant, make sure you get a window view or sit outside to take advantage of Bellagio's most spectacular water show.  It will surely add to your experience.
One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. Every time I go I get the Prime burger with blue cheese, and frites on the side. I haven't been able to try anything else because I love this burger so much!! Their prices are very reasonable. $13 for the burger I get. We went last night on a saturday at 7pm and waited an hour and a half for a table on the patio. The service is great as well.
This place is great for big groups. I had a party of 9 and organized a pre-fixed menu. They were very accommodating and fast with our food. Everything was fresh and warm, and the service was great!
since my fiancee and i stayed at Paris.. i got to dine here quite often.. mostly for breakfast while she slept.. i will say.. they have plenty awesome items on the menu.. but the corn beef has was excellent.. they do occasionally burn the toast and give you soggy hash browns.. but they will replace it.. overall.. it's a pretty great place to hang out and grab breakfast or lunch.. their croque monsieur is also very good..
Mon Ami Gabi is a great place to grab breakfast/lunch on the Strip. . The heated outside patio is a perfect spot to sit and enjoy the Bellagio Fountains, while having a bite to eat.. The food is simple and reasonably priced.  I highly recommend the bananas foster waffles. Portions here aren't huge, but the food is goodand the atmosphere is great.
Great food and service. Had the salmon salad - great fish! Had the warm chocolate  pudding cake - was just like warm batter - amazing!!! Be sure to wait for an outside table if the weather is good. Great view of the Bellagio fountains and great people watching.
Manyrestaurants in Vegas has such an indoor feel....and the attention is on keeping you inside a casino or design elements.  But my experiences in France are all otherwise.  This place is fun for that reason.  The decor is fun and the patio allows for more the cafe or brasserie experience.   The wife and I escaped a group and happened upon this place and were pleasantly surprised.    Not the best french I have had by any means, but cocktails helped make it a fun lunch.  The frisee salad with a poached egg was nice, and so was the Salmon with spinach.
Service was excellent. French bread was warm and crusty. Ambiance was light filled and lively for a Sunday lunch. Bloody Mary bar was nice option as well.
i had the best mushroom, spinach, and leek quiche here.  . . when my plate was first brought to me, i thought, "that's kinda small."  but for a comfortable, not overly full, start to the day, it turned out to be perfect.  the crust was crispy and flaky and the center had so much flavor.  . . on a chilly day, the best seat is in the sunroom.  the dining room seemed unusually dark to me - not even in a romantic way.  it was just plain dark; like you were in a steakhouse and they forgot to turn on the lights.
Came here for breakfast and had one of the best omelette's I've ever had. The eggs were fluffy and cooked perfectly. My gf had the Benedict with chive hollandaise. We added a croissant that was crispy and buttery. It's a little pricey but it's Vegas so what do you expect. Can't wait to back for dinner!!!!!!! Oh the hash browns were some of  the best I ever had.
I landed in Vegas and about 30 minutes later I was having breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi. I really liked this restaurant, and if it were based solely on my food, it would be 5 stars. I had the special eggs benedict for the day and it was ridiculously good. Crazy good. It was the english muffins (made in house) with brie cheese, spinach, onions (I think? hard to remember)....but it was just sooo good. The eggs were perfectly cooked and the hollandaise was the best I have ever had. I wanted to lick the plate. Additionally, it came with herbed hash browns that were more like very thin french fries....all over amazingness. Fresh and delicious. Now, the BF got the nutella waffle and he thought it was just alright. The description made it seem like it would have hazelnuts in it, but it was just nutella in waffles (I thought it was super good, but he thought it was just ok). The portion was a bit small for the price. The coffee was very tasty and the service was great! Coffee was never empty. Anyway, I would definitely come back here the next time I am in Vegas for breakfast....
I would probably give it 5-stars but I didn't really eat enough to know if it really commands 5 stas. We really enjoyed what we ordered and actually, we thought it was MUCH better than Bouchon, which I found extremely overrated.. . I only had the French onion soup and a frisee salad with a poached egg and bacon. Wow, the salad was so great--I loved it and I was not really expecting much. On the other hand, the soup was good; the classic French onion soup. My husband had a steak with blue cheese, which was very tender and tasty. It's not a great cut of meat but they prepared it well. . . As for the atmosphere, it was a little noisy and crowded but no more so than Bouchon. In fact, the style is very similar but a little more cozy while Bouchon is cavernous.. . Overall Mon Ami Gabi was worth the money and I will return.
Had a great Sunday late breakfast - wonderful service -coffee cups were always filled with great hot coffee ( very important to my husband)  we sat outside and it was chilly but the heaters kept us cozy -great for people watching too.. loved our meal as well... I thought it was better than Eiffel Tower restaurant ....and a similar and more "French" menu too !
Solid French food in a touristy area.  . . We walked in for Saturday brunch and were seated within a few minutes since we asked for indoors.  Feels disarmingly like Paris (I guess that's the point).  Actually, a little *too* much like Paris... it was difficult to wave down servers for tableware, sugar, another drink order, etc.  Not too difficult, just like I was in France rather than the tourist capitol of America.. . When you sit they give you warm bread.  Win.  Wonderful, delicious warm bread plopped right on the table with some butter. . . Decent onion soup, with a rich beef broth and melting caramelized onions- a little bit salty for me, but that's just me.  Melted cheese and a crouton on top.  Standardly solidly good, which is to say great since it's hard to get some standardly solidly good soupe a l'oignon in the US.. . INCREDIBLE frisee and warm bacon salad with poached egg and a citrus vinaigrette- we spent awhile trying to guess what made the dressing so good and we still have no idea.  The warm thick hunks of bacon went great with the light orange-y dressing.  We asked for extra bread to mop up the goodness.  Only wished there was a bit more frisee to balance out the heavy toppings.. . Seafood crepe: meh.  Scallops and shrimp were good, but I'd pass on this.. . There are four stars here for that salad.  It's that good to bring a three star restaurant up to a four.  Yum.
A great bang-for-your-buck in Vegas-- really!. . Where else can you sit outside with a view of the Bellagio watershow, have a meal of escargot, steak, and dessert for about $40-50?  Ok, there are plenty of places to grab a steak in Vegas with a decent view of the Strip, but I thought this place was excellent and a good price for what you get.. . We had a group of five on a Friday night and walked right up and got a table inside right away (it was January, so we didn't want to sit outside).  The service was good, the only thing I thought was weird was serving their warm and fresh bread in a piece of parchment paper on a plate-- I mean, come on, even chains like Mimi's spring for a bread basket with a cloth napkin.  And yes, Mon Ami Gabi is a chain as well, but a small chain.  . . The appetizers were fab-- escargot and scallops were the best in my opinion.  In fact, I think next time I'm back, I'm going to get two orders of scallops and a salad... and a steak too?  The wine and champagne we had were pretty good and fairly priced.  And the steak was perfect!  I ordered it pretty rare and they did a perfect job-- and what a deal for $25 for steak.. . Dress code is probably smart casual-- you could get away with jeans.  We were pretty dressed up but didn't feel over dressed for a Friday night.. . They also have breakfast and lunch that looked good on their online menu and after having dinner there, I'd go back for any meal.. . The service was overall good, but I'd like a little more schmoozing ;)
Nice view of Bellagio and the watershow, romantic environment, friendly staff, and great food!. . I just wish it wasn't so darn expensive =/ A plate of small Caesar salad is already $9!
I am IN LOVE with the patio atmosphere. I would gladly wait 30+ minutes to have a good table out there on a nice day. . . We made reservations for 2 people at about 12:45pm and still had to wait 15 minutes. But waswell worth it!. . They start you off with a Mon Ami Gabi baguette and butter. AMAZING, 5 stars! and they give you another baguette when you're done with the first.. . french onion soup - 4 stars. Big enough to share. LOTS AND LOTS of cheese!. . crab cake ($15) - 4 stars. one large crab cake over some cabbage and some kind of cream sauce. Really tasty when eaten together but I'm not sure if its worth $15.. . Steak Sandwich - 3 stars. The waiter didn't tell us that they drench the sandwich in mayonnaise. I usually am okay with mayo but this was too much. Steak was okay.. . . Fries - 2 stars. What's the hype with these? . . Overall the experience was good. I just really enjoyed the patio atmosphere and the music they play. The food was good but nothing spectacular.. perhaps ill be back for the steak everyone talks about.
Location location location.   Awesome review of the Bellagio fountain show. The scallops were awesome but the onion soup was a ill different from what we were used to so we sent that back.
We made reservations for brunch and we were happy to be seated within 5-10 minutes of arriving.. The hostess was really friendly and engaging.. We were able to sit outside on the patio, what a lovely way to eat a Sunday brunch while watching the fountains at the Bellagio!. I got the Ham & Cheese Crepe and it was delightful.. The husband got the French Toast and he claimed it was the best french toast he's ever eaten.  He liked that it wasn't too sweet.. We also got the Fresh Fruit Bouqet.  It was good but I don't think we'd get it again.. Our waiter was fine but we weren't entirely impressed with him.. Was it worth $70 for brunch?  (We had coffee and Bloody Mary's as well). . It's a toss up.
My boyfriend and I decided to come here since we were exploring Paris and we wanted something fancy but also affordable. We've noticed that there's two lines, one for indoor seatings which is first come first serve or patio seatings which takes about 40-60 minute wait. Of course, we sat inside.. . Atmosphere: very small but also nice and romantic. This place is quite dark looking so please watch your step. Ok it's not that dark but it's dark enough to the point whenever I tried taking pictures of the food, it looked like it was burnt. Also there's a bar near where we sat and for some reason the day we went, it was extremely crowded! Fire hazard I tell you... . . Waitress: she was absolutely amazing. She's always smiling Whig made us feel very welcomed, especially when we cant even pronounce most of the stuff on the menu. She even recommended some few famous dish and the specials that were not on the menu. She looks like a pinup girl too. . . Okay enough with miscellaneous info. Time to get to the food. This is what we ordered:. -free baguette served in a bag and with thick butter and apple sliced with olive oil and some other flavors. I can eat that apple plate alone. So delicious!. . -Escargot $11: cooked snail in pesto garlic butter. Not too buttery, but quite oily which is fine. . -Beef bourgiguon $23: just like beef stew.. Cooked in wine and served on pasta. The beef was very moist and soft. The plate looks small but very filling.. . -Medium Rare steak classique $24: steak was perfect.. Just the way we wanted. Comes with a large portion of fries. The fries look very different from other French fries and its really addicting.
Back again and still loving it.  Best friend and I had dinner here.  It was a Sunday night and their was a 45 minute wait, but hey that's what gambling is for.  Our waiter was great with suggesting wine pairings for my friend.  Their escargot is awesome.  They never rush you and are very attentive.  Did I mention the awesome view of the fountains show?  Well it is great.  I will be back again next year on our yearly trip.
I'm not a huge fan of French food, but Mon Ami Gabi was a pleasant surprise. Maybe it's because I was starving from dancing all day at Encore Beach Club, or maybe it's because I was too broke to spend much else on food all weekend. Either way, Mon Ami Gabi hit the spot at 4 pm on a Saturday in Vegas.. . I got the onion soup and the baked cheese. The onion soup was a little bland but tasty, especially with all of that melted cheese. The baked cheese was delicious -- the garlic pesto (?) bread it came with was sooooo good, and it was really hearty and filling dipped in the cheese and marinara sauce. I also tried some of my friends' food, which was all great. I think my favourite of everything I tasted was my friend's steak au poivre -- hardly surprising. The steak had so much flavour, and the frites were perfectly fried.. . Service was pretty awful, unfortunately. Luckily we weren't in a rush; otherwise the two hours it took for us to get in and get out with a reservation would've been a huge issue.
The food and wait staff were excellent. The prices were very reasonable as well.  I had the special which was Duck a l'Orange and my wife had the Beef bourguignon.  Both meals were fantastic and reasonably priced for Vegas at $26.95 and $23.95 respectively. The only complaint we had was that we made a reservation for 7:30pm with open table and were hoping to sit out on the patio.  When we arrived at 7:20 we waited in line to talk to the patio hostess who informed us that the reservations were only for inside and that there would be a 1.5 hour wait to sit on the patio.  We then had to get in the other line to speak with the indoor hostess who we made aware of our reservation to which she handed us a restaurant pager and said they would seat us in a couple of minutes.  It finally went off just as I was going to complain and possibly leave at about 8pm.   It probably wouldn't have been that big of a deal except for the fact we had show tickets for 9:30 at a different hotel. Luckily the the food and service were great otherwise and they served us very quickly. . I would just recommend going early even if you made a reservation since the line was extremely long and people without a reservation were waiting over an hour even for inside seating.
Consistent great food at reasonable prices, with a great view of the Bellagio Fountain Show. We have been here 3 times now, and all 3 times we had a pleasant experience.. . Cheese plate: okay, but nothing special. Smoked salmon appetizer: delicious!. Complimentary warm bread and room temperature butter: yummy. The republic of tea bottled ice tea (blackberry sage): I LOVE THIS TEA! Hard to find, and worth the $$. Steak roquefort and frites: DELICIOUS!. Special (arctic char): good
Fake French with the exception of slow service.  I really did enjoy my waffle, it was perfectly prepared.  Skimpy on the strawberries but delicious.  Make your own bloody Mary bar was a fun idea.  Good view of bellagio from Atrium like dining room.  Nice change from the rest of Vegas.
This place is great.  We went a couple years ago and liked it so much, we made a point of going back on our most recent trip.  We were so glad we did! the food is wonderful and TABLE service is great.  The hostesses are pretty much worthless and not remotely friendly, which i did deduct a star for.  They make a pretty awful first impression.  If i didn't know the food was good... i would have left.. . Food:  we had steaks, which are seasoned well and cooked perfectly.  And omg, they are so tender!!! we've eaten at some of the high-end steak houses in town, and these were soooo much better, for less money.  We also got french onion soup. It was meh.  Drinks were ok.. . Table Service:  top notch.  Our waitress was very friendly, on top of things, and accommodating.  Made for a great experience.
Loved it! . . . . The atmosphere was awesome - just sunlight and people talking. I felt like I was on vacation (I live in Vegas) and it was just really really nice. Michelle our server was beautiful and kind, attentive just one of those sorts that makes you feel comfortable and WELCOME. (Ninety percent of anywhere on the strip fails at this with flying colors - or maybe I need a black card.) . . Suits were cool and got us seated too. Bar tender was surprisingly nice to me even though I sat at his bar and didn't order a drink (only for five minutes, but still.). . The food was MARVELOUS!!!! The food was excellent. My friend had the tuna burger (win) and I had the goat cheese salad (also a win.) The rest of our party ordered plenty of appetizers - which were all perfect. The duck (pardon me, I'm french food illiterate) with cherires was amazing, brie cheese, pat tae, oysters, etc. Sadly my friend and I had to split early before everything else came out. . . I didn't feel all gross like I totally stuffed myself and we left talking with each other saying "Why don't we do this more often?!" . . I will so be back!!! Super relaxing and fun, great food and not terribly expensive.
Awesome!! We had the best meal. Even the kids were raving about their food. My 10 year old was "savoring" each bite she said. Hubby and I both had the bordelaise steak cooked perfectly and SO flavorful. Caesar was good and the whipped cauliflower was outstanding! Tip included which is great. Even with the tip included the service was great and kid friendly.
I came here for brunch with a friend from out of town, and we were happy to get a table on the patio (the only way to go - sit inside and you could be in any generic nice restaurant - you're paying for their location anyway, might as well enjoy it!).. . I found my food to be incredibly greasy, but perhaps that's just the French way. It's was tasty, but swimming. Loved the bloody mary bar, but found the glass they gave me too small and narrow :) I had filled it with goodies and hardly had room to top off with juice! Plus I thought the shot of vodka looked a little chincy in the glass, but perhaps I'm just used to making my own at home. . . Point is, you're going for atmosphere as much as anything, and their patio is lovely. Elevated, but right in the middle of everything. I'd go back to take someone from out of town in a heartbeat.
Took my teen daughter here for dinner over Spring Break. Smart mom made reservations ahead of time on Yelp (Yay! I'm a fan.), had my daughter look at the menu beforehand because she takes forever to make up her mind. Our hotel shuttle dropped us off at the Mirage and we trekked for what seemed like miles (Strip was jam-packed with moderately drunken revelers) until we spotted the red awning. We were famished and decided not to request a patio table - had enough of the riff raff  and wanted a quieter setting. It was hopping at 6:45pm so I'm glad I made that reservation! Quickly shown our table, bread plopped down in a timely manner, martini was ice cold (Yay! I'm a fan.) and server was attentive throughout. We both had salads (she the house, me the pear endive). She had the salmon, I had the steak bordelaise. Her fish was melt-in-your-mouth perfect. My steak was okay, not as great as I'd hoped it would be. Couldn't be bothered with the frites, would rather have a seasonal vegetable, but whatever. After a second martini (Yay! I'm a little tipsy.), the bill came to around $125.00, gratuity included. For a special treat, Mon Ami Gabi is worth it. Would definitely return.
This was one of our better dining experiences while in Vegas.  Great location (recommend sitting outside!), great service and great prices.  My boyfriend and I both had salads and really liked both- salmon and bib lettuce with beets.
This place is excellent. Great service and even better food. The whipped cauliflower is incredible!
I've wanted to dine here for years and simply never got around to it.  When an opportunity opened up to dine with friends, as part of a table of 12, I jumped at the chance.  Despite dining as part of a larger group I still felt I got a really good taste of the Mon Ami Gabi experience. Our waiter was a pro and handled 12 like there was just 2.  . . Up until this meal, Bouchon has been goto joint in Vegas for French bistro dining for years - I can already tell I am going to have trouble deciding between the two in the future after this meal.  Prices were keener than Bouchon, the atmosphere was just as lively and celebratory.  Some of the highlights food wise from the meal:. . Bread.  French baguette sticks served warm in paper.  Expected stuff but solid, and less messy than Bouchon's throw it down right onto your-lap-almost approach.. . Moules marniere were great, the only critique would be I would have liked to have seem more acid/wine in the broth.  Every mussel opened, not a single reticently clamped shut chap in sight.. . Duck confit. Rich, succulent and served with balsamic cherries, perfect to offset the fattiness of the duck.. . Scallops.  Cooked spot on which really surprised me, given our group of 12.  . . Fries.  Very unexpected.  Thought these would be standard frites, but were some kind of weird, flat pressed creation.  Ok, but I wasn't really a fan, I would have liked to have seen proper classical twice fried spuds.. . Celebrity note: A particular disheveledJWOWW wandered into the restaurant towards the end of our meal, entourage intact and making a mockery of the supposed dress code at the front door.  I'm half considering going back in similar attire myself to see what the response would be.
If you're trying to sit outside, expect a wait.  However, you can sit in the glass-enclosed room that feels like being outside (you have the view, but still have A/C!) and it's just as nice.  . . Service is very attentive and pleasant.  I had the blueberry French Toast - YUM.  While it's pricey for a meal, everything in Vegas sort of is.  They do take reservations, so make some and skip the line.  Overall, a nice experience.
I've been wanting to come here forever for breakfast! My husband took me on my birthday and it was definitely worth the wait! He had made reservations and I'm glad he did, because the line for no reservations was very long for a Sunday morning. We were seated immediately, but right next to this table full of older ladies that were really loud and obnoxious. . . The server came by quickly to take our drink orders. I ordered an OJ and the husband a hot chocolate. The OJ was pretty delish and my husband thought the hot chocolate was probably one of the best he's had. I ended up with the corned beef and hash with over medium eggs with a side order of the blueberry muffin. My husband ordered the croissant sandwich with a side of potatoes. My corned beef was really really awesome! It wasn't the normal corned beef in a can and the potatoes were crispy but tasty! My muffin was good, but not sure I would get it againat 3.95 a pop. The hubster enjoyed his sandwich and I thought it was a good price for how big it was. . . Overall, 40 something bucks for breakfast can be steep, but I definitely recommend coming here with guests or if you are an out of towner. Service was attentive and it's a cute place!
Make a reservation or you will wait all night!. . If I could have scripted the perfect romantic date I couldn't have matched our lovely experience at Mon Ami Gabi. We made a reservation a few hours before we arrived, were seated immediately on the patio, and enjoyed an absolutely lovely meal punctuated by the Bellagio water show every fifteen minutes! . . As for the food- delicious bread and butter comes out as soon as you order; mushroom soup (vegetarian) is divine; mozzerella appetizer is good; salmon entree with mashed potatoes and mushrooms very good; ahi tuna salad can be skipped (odd amalgamation of ingredients- potatoes, tomatoes, olives...? Had to take off a star for that big miss) Overall, a great experience and worth planning!
We came here for brunch on a Sunday and were pleasantly surprised to have a 5 minute wait for an inside table (no reservation).  . . I ordered the crepes special, which was very good - blueberries and strawberries with a light orange sauce.  I also ordered a glass of orange juice, which was good - normal orange juice.  My husband ordered the blueberry waffles, which had a great flavor but were very crisp (almost crunchy).  Dad had the corned beef hash with poached eggs, which he said was excellent.  Stepmom had the quiche Lorraine, which was great - I tried some and wished I had ordered it myself!  Coffee was good - just normal coffee, nothing out of the ordinary, but our waitress was great at keeping our cups filled.  . . Overall, we had a good experience and will likely return.
Great place to eat and people watch. Delicious breakfast. And they were super sweet to our baby.
This is my go-to nice dinner out on the Strip when I'm in Vegas. . . I always get the filet mignon with merlot butter. It is so fantastic and incredibly tender... I make sure to inhale every last drop. You cannot go wrong ordering this dish. Highly recommend. I'm not a big fan of their fries (which come standard), they are basically like flattened normal fries. I'll try something different next time. . .  We've also gotten the pate each time as an appetizer and that was also excellent. This time we also tried the goat cheese and although it was good, I probably would try something different instead.. . One of my dining companions and I wanted to order a bottle of red wine, and when we picked a Malbec off the menu, the waitress suggested a malbec not on the menu for a bit cheaper, which is I appreciated.. . Total for my portion of the meal (split apps, steak, and split wine) plus tip was $89. The price makes me super happy, especially if you've ever tried checking out the menu at oh, say, CUT or any other steakhouse on the strip. . . I made a reservation via Open Table which is only for inside seating. Since the weather was so nice we wanted to sit outside that night and maybe we were lucky, but they were able to take us immediately- at the reservation time- anyway. . . Service here has never been perfect. Maybe we waited a little too long for our check or to get orders taken, but food delivery and water filling was always fine.  . . Overall I know I can't go wrong with Mon Ami Gabi and always suggest it to friends going to Vegas.
We didn't have reservations, dined inside for lunch.  Service was attentive, the chips were delicious, and my salmon and egg salad sandwich hit the spot.  The decor is pretty and sophisticated without being overbearing.  My friend and I were catching up and they didn't try to push us out after we finished our meals.  I'd go back!
Great service and good food.
Brought my gf here to surprise her.  Our first time.  Love the view, but not a fan of their service (well one of the waiters that barely served us).  Host was lovely and the table was in well view of the Bellagio Fountains.  Our first waiter, introduced us to their wine list and brought us some water.  Then the second waiter (probably lost) heckled us on what to drink even though I tried explaining that we have been helped already.  We ordered the Seafood Plater.  Very well done, but took longer than expected.  Our 3rd server had to come and let us know that they are behind (even though we came in at 11pm).  Lobster was well presented, shrimps were huge, and oysters were very fresh.  I hope it was just an off day on service, but still giving them 4 stars for the view and food.
Gabi is my friend now! :)  I came here right after christmas with my boyfriend and we made reservations for a patio seat. When we arrived we had a patio seat right next to the sidewalk with a perfect view of the bellagio fountains.  First things first. Our server was totally French and we were so excited to have a waiter with a French accent! Lol  (at least I hope he was really French and not acting) Plus his name was either Jean or Pierre.....   Anyway they brought us a warm baguette (delicious). I absolutely love bread. *drools*   And my boyfriend and I both ordered the Le Steak Frites! I think I ordered the hangar steak ? The food was good but nothing amazing. the steak was very long but thin, and I prefer my frites a little thicker so I dont feel like I'm eating the crispy potato ends that no one wants.  The food was good though and I was glad it was very affordable since this is on the strip. In the end, It was a nice experience and I think I'd go back based on the price!
loved this French bistro in paris.. . great service, good quality food, not too pricey (especially for Vegas). my boyfriend and i didn't enjoy our steak selections that much, but maybe it was an off night for them.. . french onion soup is AMAZING. will  be returning.
Mon Ami Gabi, located in the Paris Las Vegas . . My husband and I decided to come here on our most recent trip to Las Vegas before catching Jersey Boys (now at the Paris.)  Reservations, while not required, definitely expedited our wait.  . . Yes, there was still a little bit of a wait, even with reservations.  Probably about 15 minutes on a Saturday night, so not too bad at all.  . . The bottled beer selection is pretty extensive as is the cocktail list.  . . My husband was happy with his steak bearnaise and we both loved the fries.  I had the caesar salad, which was tasty.  The dressing was light and mild and my only complaint was that the salad was very small.  It should be listed as an appetizer salad, but I was under the impression that it was entree sized.  . . The service was a little bit slow, but our waitress was adorable, friendly, and helpful when she was serving us.  . . Make sure you follow the dress code, I saw some people being turned away for dressing too casually.  . . Overall, good food, great location, and I would dine there again.
One of the better places to eat right now on the Strip.  Nice ambiance especially if you are sitting outside at night during the spring/fall, solid service, and good food with a fairly varied menu that tends to be a bit heavy on the meat dishes.  Not the most friendly place to bring a vegetarian let alone a vegan.  Its not authentic, high-end French cuisine but then again it is Vegas.  . . Sitting outside though can be a bit noisy with all of the traffic on the Strip.  You can hear your dinner companions but you have to speak up a bit.  The wait can be a bit outrageous though but that's common with any half-decent restaurant on the Strip.. . All-in-all, there are a lot of terrible, overpriced restaurants on the Strip.  This isn't one of them.  This place is a bit more expensive but at least the food, service, and outdoor seating are all positives.
Fabulous and one of the highlights of our trip. We didn't have a reservation, but the wait wasn't too long (35 mins or so at 6:30PM) to be on the patio (which is the best place to be given the weather and people watching aspect). We had the French Onion Soup and warm brie to start - they were to die for!! For the main entree, we got the skate wing which was delicious. The only downfall was the steak bernaise - it was too finely "pounded" and thus no way for it to be cooked medium rare. It had no taste since it couldn't be cooked properly and our server agreed and had it taken off the bill. I would recommend the filet or any other cut of meat other than the hanger steaks that they offer. Service was excellent and I will absolutely be back.
Got a reservation for 815 pm on a Monday night for inside sitting since thats all you can reserve for. Patio is first come serve. I'm my opinion the hostesses  were a bit rude with people. The waiter was not so friendly neither, and forgot our hors d'oeuvre/ hor devours. Their bread and red onion mix is good. We tried the Filet Mignon Merlot (to die for) also the steak Classic and Bordelaise. Along with a ceasers salad. A meal for four came out for $140, reasonable I think for Vegas and Paris hotel. We would like to go back for brunch.
Good price, good food. Not GREAT, but definitely good.
Lovely place.. . Dim, romantic setting, heavy linens and silverware, polite and prompt service. I gave it "spendy" with three $$$ because everything I REALLY wanted to eat there was in that category - you could get away with less, but once you've sat down with their warm baguette and a glass of wine, you won't want to. . . The escargots were terrific but one was very sandy/gritty, I was concerned about my teeth. Excellent hangar steak and of course the steak frites were amazing. With so much variety in Vegas, it's tempting to move on to another restaurant and another and another, but this one is definitely a keeper, will go again next time we're in town, regardless of the other temptations. Not sure if you consider this dressy or casual, both would apply here - you do need a shirt with sleeves, no wifebeaters. But golf shirts and shorts are fine. 4 stars for service, ambiance and the dinner I had, wish I could tell you folks about more of the food there but will review it again next time I'm in Vegas.
We, a party of five dined here. Reservations were made ahead of time so we had a table ready as we arrived (it seemed very busy, people waiting and all). The ambiance was casual and nice and the cafe was bustling with energy and life. The service and food were excellent (hitherto I had not eaten French cuisine much, but this place has made me a believer). I had the soup of the day (peas and ham), steak bordelaise with frites (done medium rare, it was great). The steak au poivre (peppercorn in brandy sauce) that my brother ordered was divine. For dessert we split three items among us, the chocolate mousse was my favorite, the creme brulee and profiteroles were good too. All this washed down with some pinot noir made for a great culinary experience. A little on the expensive side but reasonable considering the location. From the patio one could see the Bellagio fountains.
I was surprised. In all of my time visiting Vegas, I did not ever think this place could impress me. I was wrong.. . First let me begin by saying that I try to eat a mostly vegan diet, so the foods I ate here were not the steak or cheese dishes. The waitress was amazing! I didn't even say I was looking for vegan options but when I asked how the gazpacho was prepared and whether or not it has dairy in it, she picked up the cue and then began making suggestions on the menu, assuring me that everything was vegan.. . I had the grilled vegetable plate. Everything was perfectly seasoned and grilled. However nothing will compare to that gazpacho! I even requested the recipe which they emailed to me!. . So why only four stars? Despite having a reservation, we were told that they did not do reservations for outside once we had already arrived, so we had to wait over an hour and a half for a spot. It was totally worth the wait, but we would have clearly shown up earlier if we didn't know our reservation wouldn't be outside. Miscommunication = cranky (but the gazpacho renewed my positive spirit.... did I mention the gazpacho yet?).
This one of my must have stops on the strip.  Food is delicious. If you can get a table on the patio and watch the Billagio fountains.  Great experience.  Would have gave them 5 stars because the wait staff is also great.  However my visit a week ago was not so nice due to the hostesses.   2 1/2 hr. wait!  Sure they were nice enough about it.  In a smug sadistic way.  My advise is to not listen to them when they tell you it's the same amount of wait time on patio as it is inside.  We were famished enough to put our names inside and were seated in minutes.
So nice to eat here during the summer to have a nice dinner sitting outside in the warm weather.  Although make sure to eat dinner on the later side so you don't burn up in the sun!  Be prepared to wait a while for an outside table so just because you make a reservation does not mean they will give you an outside table.  You will still have to wait for that.  The food is pretty good but I think the ambiance is what makes this a nice spot for an outdoor dinner.
Went here and unexpectedly found a reasonable re-creation of ourdining experience in Paris, France (where we honeymooned). Service and decor were a nice break from the hustle of the Strip; relatively quiet, dim mood-lighting, bistro style seating.. . We made reservations for 930pm on a Monday night and were seated immediately indoors. Note, it was a 1.5 hour wait for outdoor seating even with reservation.. . Once we were seated, we were offered water (so nice in 90 deg weather) and fresh sweet baguette complete with paper bag and slightly melted unsalted butter. Plus, compliments of the chef, we were given a nice plate of halved cherry tomatoes with herbs, olive oil and anchovies. Refreshing and so nice to set our appetites.. . Hubby ordered one of the various Steak frites - "hanger steak", the cheapest cut at $20. Done very well at medium rare with a rosy pink interior. Thin ribbons of fries more reminiscent of potato chips and a few leaves of spinach for garnish. Also started with chilled gazpacho; surprising for a French bistro, but we were thrilled. We'd missed Alvalle gazpacho since being in Barcelona and hadn't found anything in the States that even came close (velvety, a bit of an olive oil with smooth tomato puree) until this.. . Being vegetarian, I was pleased to see a Market Vegetable platter ($17.99) with eggplant dip and buttered crostini; buttered sauteed baby squash; cherry tomatoes in olive oil; ratatouille; sauteed garlic spinach; grilled bulb onions. All were very well done.. . Portions and service were quite nice. For a two dollar sign restaurant on the strip, it was a good deal. Would definitely dine here again hopefully for breakfast next time!
This is a review of Mon Ami Gabi for lunch.  We wanted a lite lunch and it was perfect. I had the tuna melt tartine and it came with French fries that were sliced potato chip thin.  My dining partner had the chicken and Brie sandwich and that was just as good.  The wait staff was great and my water glass was never empty.. . The complimentary baguette hit the spot until our lunch was served,
I was in Vegas for the last week of April on vacation and we decided to eat at Mon Ami Gabi for my girlfriend's birthday dinner. We had reservations for 9pm but then realized we'd be best off walking to the restaurant (from the Mirage) which would take a bit of time so I bumped it back to 9:30. Wouldn't you know we arrived a few minutes after 9pm afterall! The restaurant was PACKED with a line for people without reservations and a line for people with reservations. Luckily we had reservations and although early, we were seated right away. . . We were hoping for a seat on the outside patio area but that would have added a 45 minute wait so we ended up in a covered area between the inside and outside. The doors to the patio were open so we had a clear view into the night and a pretty awesome view of the Bellagio fountains across the street!. . Everyone seemed to enjoy their meal. The bread they brought with butter was delicious. Hard to stop eating but I had to because I'd ordered a soup appetizer. I went with the creamy mushroom soup. If you like mushrooms you'll definitely enjoy this soup! And how could I resist dipping some bread into it? I couldn't. But I will say that the soup was so delicious, I preferred the soup solo without the added heaviness of the bread. . . I ordered the hangar steak with frites, med rare. My friend (she ordered a different cut) also ordered steak and frites but her steak was unevenly cooked. She still enjoyed and at it all! But did want to share that. My steak on the other hand was perfectly cooked. She wasn't crazy about the frites (too crunchy) but I loved them! I couldn't stop munching away on them even after feeling FULL! . . Our waiter was extremely attentive without being obnoxious, the third person in our group sneakily told the waiter it was my friend's birthday and they brought her out a dessert. I'm not sure what it was exactly but we all ate from it and really enjoyed it! It was delicious! Ok looked up the menu. It must have been profiteroles. Yummy!. . Good food, great service, excellent experience, and enough variety on the menu that if you're on a budget you can eat well without breaking the bank. If I ever return to Las Vegas, I will absolutely look to return to Mon Ami Gabi.
Even though we made reservations through Opentable and asked for outside seating, they said that it would be a 90 min. wait for patio seating. The place was packed so it was understandable, we chose to sat inside.  I was pleasantly surprised with the menu prices though, I'd heard so many good things about the food and that it's fine dining, so assumed it would be much more expensive. I ordered the Hanger Steak with merlot butter for $19.95 (!) and it was really really good.  Reminded me of the dish at this restaurant Cowgirls in NYC near the meatpacking district I used to frequent (they appear to be closed now).  My friends got the arctic char special and the filet mignon, which were both really good. We also ordered the chicken liver mousse and the baked brie appetizers, both were delicious and worth coming for.  They also bring fresh baked bread for every table and you can ask for more.  This was helpful for the appetizers when we ran out of crostinis.   Service was really good and our waitress checked on us frequently.  We were too full for dessert but it looked awesome.
First time here for a bachelorette party! We made reservations beforehand and got seated right away. We were a party of 16.. . Ambiance: Dress up!. . Food: Good. We tried a variety of steaks and sides and everything was delish!. . Service: They probably could've been a bit more attentive, but it was also a busy night as well. . . Price: Typical prices for steak.
Absolutely delicious EVERYTHING.  . . We came here for Saturday morning breakfast... and had no problem being seated with our reservation for 9:30 a.m.  . . Our service was wonderful, though we wondered if our main waitress really had a french accent or not?  She didn't sound like any french person I know or have known and certainly didn't look french, but c'est la vie, she was perfectly attentive and made suggestions we all could appreciate.. . I had the corned beef hash with poached eggs and english muffin.  The corned beef is housemade and chopped/shredded... SOOO flavorful and meaty.  There was very little 'hash' but that's fine with me.  I'm more of a protein lover anyway.  The english muffin was homemade and was awesome.  . . Two of us ordered their thin pancakes/thick crepes- both were extremely happy with their choices.. . The fourth of us ordered the Nutella waffles and her comment to me just now was, "...and they were VERY yummy."  'nuff said.  . . The only complaint one of us had was with their hot chocolate.  I have some picky kids when it comes to that drink and when there is too much foam from the steamed milk or they use too much sugar or a powder mix or a syrup that tastes too much like Hershey's, the satisfaction is less than stellar.  The hot chocolate had too much foam and was too sweet (and, personally, $4.50 for the 5 oz?  Yeah, not exactly cost effective for me.)  . . All in all, we were VERY happy, VERY satisfied and highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi!  (Even though I hate the hotel they reside in...)
Strangely enough, I have been here twice (once each) of my last two trips to Las Vegas.  The first time I went with three members of Team Vegas and we all got steaks.  The steaks were perfectly cooked and very flavorful.  The sauces were equally satisfying and priced very well for being on the Strip.. . Brunch was very good, as well.  Had tasty mussels and took a trip or two to the Bloody Mary bar.  . . There is a large patio and an atrium that is full of light on a sunny day.  . . For a mid-priced meal that has exceptional quality, Mon Ami Gabi is a great choice.
What a lovely brunch! The view from the restaurant is beautiful and overlooks las vegas blvd. I ordered the salmon benedict and it was delicious. it was light and not over dressed with hollandaise. Everything I expected the dish to be with a great side of hash. Our table also shared an order of the best dish according to the waiter: the french toast. And it was! We had it with blueberries and it was delicious. It was light and fluffy, but too much would make you go into to sugar overload. But def try their french toast. Its the best french toast I've ever had!. . Will go again when I return. mmm cant stop thinking about the french toast! This is definitely better than the buffet brunch at the Wynn.
I've planned quite a few brunches here for out of town guests. It's always a crowd pleaser - especially if you can get a table on the patio.. . Best to make a reservation after noon so you can see the Bellagio fountain show!
This place is a lovely choice for a lunch al fresco style.  We sat outside, with only a 10 min wait for an outdoor seat, with a view of the bellagio fountains; the tiny tables made it feel just like an actual parisan cafe.  The server made some good recommendations but was only adequate in terms of attentiveness.  . . Their french bread they bring out is amazing, the perfect texture of flaky without being hard.  For entrees, we got the steak and fites bordelaise which was tender and flavorful - you can choose from a couple different other ways of preparing the steak.  I got a chicken & brie with pesto flavor sandwich, which came out on a soft bread and was small and light, decent for a lunch serving.
Grabbed a late breakfast here. Very short wait for the patio on a weekday, sitting outside was nice and relaxing. Had the scrumptious chicken, apple and brie crepes. Mmm!! . . It's pricey ($13 for the crepes), but it's a restaurant at a fancy hotel in Vegas, what do you expect. Maybe next time I'm out there I'll go back for dinner.
They have gluten free french onion soup and it is delicious!. . This restaurant does actually feel like a nice restaurant in Paris FR just less cramped and with more reasonable pricing. . . A warning on ordering gluten free- ask obsessively about every last item brought to you. This is a busy place and communication isn't as thorough as you may be used to so keep your guard up. . Less importantly, when they say that you get gluten free bread it is infact just a couple of slices of toast. It's good for premade - Udi's quality if not Udi's itself, so enjoy.. . My reason for giving 4 stars and not 5 is that the serving sizes are inconsistent. You'll have to look at other people's orders to see if the main course is enough or if you need to add an appetizer. Entrees are $18-$35 apiece. Appetizers I recall being around $10
I was soooo excited when I went to Mon Ami Gabi for Mothers Day (finally!).  I have heard nothing but great reviews about it and it sure did live up to the hype.  First of all, their patio seating is literally the best in Las Vegas because you can watch the Bellagio fountain show from across the street! It is an amazing environment to be in. You will feel like you are in another part of the world.  The management was very helpful in accommodating our large party and even when we had more guests join us last minute they were helpful.  Now the breakfast...the turkey and avocado breakfast croissant was sooo yummy. I will definitely be back for more.
I'm more of a fish person, and these steaks here were amazing!!!. . I was starving so I immediately munched down a big part of the French bread they brought out! . . I ordered French Martini's all night (I must say I'm a huge fan of those), and they were delicious! It took a little bit of a wait to get a patio seat, but the ambiance was great! The food took a little bit longer to come out than anticipated, so after waiting for the patio seat AND my dinner, man I was starving!. . I ordered my steak medium, it came out perfect. I asked for the bernaise sauce with it, and my oh my it was heavenly! Flavor was coming out everywhere! Definitely go back, even though it's a bit touristy! Ha.
Mmmm loved this place for breakfast.. Had the egg white omelet perfectly cooked ala Paris with tasty frittes, roasted savory herbed tomatoes and the most delicious bread.  The pain chocolate was just like France, flaky, buttery and oozing chocolatey goodness.  Great service...I  am so happy I happened upon this place for breakfast.  Reasonably priced too for Vegas!
Went with a large group for a bachelorette party but was seated right away and had good service throughout the night.  The bread and butter was delicious!  I love when the bread seems fresh and it comes in a loaf where you can rip it off and spread the home-made butter all over that.. . The steak frites is what they're know for and the meat was VERY TENDER.  Delish.  However, mine was a bit salty.  The pomme frites that come with it are more like potato chips than fries.  Three of us shared the green beans and they were a welcome vegetable amongst the carbs and protein.  It was large enough to share comfortably.. . Good ambiance.  Overall a nice place for dinner.
Well, with 1800+ reviews, I'm not sure if mine will make too much of an impact, but here goes! . . My 4-star rating is in regards to their lunch-- I've never dined here for dinner, but I have heard good things about that as well.. . No matter the day, try to make reservations if at all possible, especially if you're planning on eating around 11:30-1:00. They have beautiful seating on the patio and in the "bubble" -- like an atrium, this area is covered by glass with great views of the strip. This is our favorite location to eat in the restaurant as I personally feel that service can suffer farther out on the patio.. . Into the food:. Appetizers: . Their Sea Scallops Gratinees is a completely flawless dish-- tender scallops served in a sort of seashell presentation, topped with a carmelized onion marmalade, mussel cream, and carmelized fennel(?). While this normally would not appeal to me in the slightest, this is probably the dish I look forward to most when coming to Mon Ami Gabi! These are downright delicious and should definitely not be passed up. I believe there are 3 in an order. . French Onion Soup: My favorite of all time. Nowhere else have I dined at has surpassed MAG's french onion. I can't even describe it anymore without my mouth watering...a ton of sweet onions throughout is what I love most about this. I can't explain anymore without saying to just get this!!. . Main dish:. Warm chicken & brie sandwich: This is quite the item. The chicken is pounded flat and is incredibly tender. The brie is smooth and is a great mix with the green apple slices (also thin) and the spread of carmelized onions (notice the trend with the onions...ha! I love them.) I forget the bread it is on, but it's extremely soft and a perfect match. However, I could pass on their fries. They're so thin, they become crunchy, almost like chips. But, to each their own!. I've had a few others, but this has been my favorite by far. . . Dessert: . Warm Apple Tatin: Extremely French taste, presentation, etc...I was transported back to France just tasting this. It's difficult to explain this item, but it is a round crust (bottom and sides) and it has baked, carmelized apples in the middle. Served with amaaaaazing whipped cream. Worth every calorie!. . Bottom line: One of the best places on the strip for lunch that is decently priced. Give it a shot-- I bet you'll love it!
My friend Gabi!. . I don't have a friend named Gabi, but My Friend Gabi (Mon Ami Gabi) was so yummy! . . It's located in the Paris Hotel near the front. For dinner, the ambiance is very French and romantic: dim room with candles at all tables. It's not quiet, but the place looks so romantic. For food:. . They provide complimentary RADISH SALAD and BAGUETTES with butter. I loved the radish salad. It was refreshing and a bit sweet. The baguette was yummy too. They serve it warm and comes in a paper bag. Every time I think of baguettes, I just wanna get into a sword fight with it. I didn't do that of course, gotta be a lady.. . For my main course I had the SALMON and LEEK QUINOA. So yummy! The salmon was cooked just right: a bit crispy but tender. My mouth is kinda mouthwatering because of it. The quinoa had a little too much sauce in it but I still liked. For a side dish, I had the RATATOUILLE. Not bad, I just wish it was a bit more creamy.. . Beth, our server, even hooked it up with a complimentary dessert: vanilla ice cream in a profiterole? Not sure but it was yummy!. . Merci beau coup Mon Ami Gabi :)
I've been wanting to check out Mon Ami Gabi for years but somehow my plans have always been spoiled thanks to a Mr. Vodka Hangover.  This time, I wasn't going to let a night of rage or throbbing headache stop me.. . Probably would've enjoyed the food and ambiance a lot more if I wasn't so ridiculously tired.  The table was dead silent as everyone attempted to keep their composure and heads up.  . . Ordered: . - Chicken, broccoli, and cheese crepe: Delicious!!  If my stomach wasn't at odds with me, I would have finished every bit of it.  . - Side of fruit: I was hoping for a small bowl of fresh whole fruit but instead got a fancy diet saucer filled with cut up soggy fruit.  They could have skipped steps "cut" and "drench in fruit slime." . . The baguette served as a nibbler comes out in a long, warm roll.  Crumbly, soft, chewy, and fresh!. . No swimwear.  Probably a good idea to make reservations on busy days like Saturday.  Service was casual but my water glass was always filled.  I look forward to coming back...sober!
After a long day at the pool a group of us were hungry but did not want to break the bank at the same time. Being in vegas most of the places to eat are expensive. I did a quick search on Yelp to see what was around the area and came across this place which was only 1 hotel over. It had great reviews and it had steak so that was a plus! We get ready and head over to the place and the restaurant looked nice. They had patio seating and inside seating. Surprisingly the patio seating was faster then trying to get a seat inside. The patio seating is right on the strip and right across from the Bellagio. It sets a nice mood for couples because you get to see the water show while eating. The prices are very good for being in vegas and on the strip. When seated they give warm french bread and radish salad that I really liked. We ordered a full order of mussells, escargot and everyone got a steak dish. The mussells and escargot were delicious! All the steaks came with thin cut frech fries there were really crispy. The steak was a good portion for the price. This is a great place to check out for cheap and good food with a nice view.
I've eaten at Mon Ami Gabi three times and have always enjoyed the food, the service, and the atmosphere.  The French onion soup is quite good,  steaks are  better than average, desserts are pleasant enough, coffee is terrific, wine list is adequate (for me anyway),  I don't care for the potatoes, but that's just  personal preference.   Reservations are honored beautifully by a staff who looks too busy to remember their own names.  Impressive!  I have yet to eat on the outdoor terrace with it's view of the Bellagio fountains, but this winter for sure!
Found Mon Ami through Yelp because we were looking for a nice place to dine without breaking ze bank (partying hard in Vegas gets pricey YA 'NAM SAYIN'??). This place seemed to fit the bill (ha ha get it?).. . 4 stars because we made reservations and got seated at a really nice spot on their patio. It was warm outside and we had an awesome view of the Bellagio water show.. . 3.5 stars for the food, which was just okay. Not bad for being a moderately priced sit-down place in a Vegas hotel on the strip.. . French onion soup was way too sweet for my taste and a bit over-salted as well. It gave my mouth this unpleasant dried-out feeling afterwards. Portion size was quite good though.. . Ratatouille was good but also a bit too salty.. . Their fries were strange but good. They were extremely short and flat pieces of fried potato that were sliced so thinly that I couldn't taste the starchiness of the potato. I think my friend was shoveling big fork-fulls of those fries into his mouth at one point because the pieces were so tiny. Tres addictive!. . Service was a little spotty but I'm willing to overlook it because it seemed like our waitress had a lot of tables to take care of.
I have eaten here a few times. A few of my team liked it after going one night they didn't mind that we were hosting a dinner there again 2 nights later they had enjoyed the food so much. We took 11 people some with dietary restrictions and the staff were very attentive to their needs. The food was excellent from appetizers to desert. I have been with just one or two colleagues as well as 10+ and both times were enjoyable.
Our second time to Mon Ami Gabi, our first visit was the day after we got married with a bunch of family members. On the patio on a lovely evening in March. It was great. My first time trying Escargot and I'm a fan.. A group of friends decided to have dinner at Mon Ami Gabi, knowing how good it was we couldn't resist. We made reservations, for 18 people, unfortunately they couldn't keep us all at the same table but the tables were near each other.. Our waitress, Christin, was fantastic, she's been working there for 12 years so she knew exactly what to recommend for your taste.. The free loaves of bread are so good, not anything like the tasteless bread you get in real Paris. Flawlessly accompanied by butter and a carrot slaw to spread on your bread. The fish of the day was Barramundi with pole beans over a light tomato sauce. It was cooked perfectly, with a nice crisp skin, seasoning was excellent on my fish as well as my vegetables. My husband ordered the chefs special of the day which was a Prime Rib Roast with long beans and scalloped potatoes. He ate every morsel, the only thing I tasted were the potatoes, which I thought were a bit peppery for my taste. Everyone else in our group seemed to love their food, some of the orders included Trout Almondine, Steak, Seafood Platter, Shrimp cocktail, Sea Scallops, and Onion Soup just to name a few.. For dessert we ordered Creme Brulee to share, it was an enjoyable ending to our meal, light creamy vanilla custard with a nicely caramelized top layer. Yum!
I had been wanting to try Mon Ami Gabi for years and it did not disappoint.  Definitely one of the best meals we've ever had in Vegas.  The baguettes are to die for!
Loved my bearnaise steak, husband was unimpressed with his filet au poivre....I don't think he'd go back, but I would. Try the mojito maison with st germain, it's delicious and lethal ;)
Again, had a table for 8. No problems at all, waitress even split up the check. I had a cheeseburger and it was delicious!!! My wife had steak with the roquefort butter and it was also Amazing. The creamed cauliflower was very good as well. Our table was inside because of the large party. I will eat here again for sure, very good and I'd like to sit on the patio.
I was really pleased with this restaurant. We went for breakfast, and we were admiring the dining rooms. Looks great for a romantic evening out!. . For breakfast, we sat outside on the patio and it was great! The service was wonderful and food was really good! Prices for the food was decent and well worth the price. My sister had the eggs benedict which was really good and sauce was really light. I had an omelet with their hash browns which was very filling. . . I will definitely be back for future meals! :)
Bonjour! Love eating at this restaurant during breakfast time. ask for Patio seating not to hot not to cold during the autumn season. The thing i love most about this place is the awesome views of the strip and the Bellagio foutains. This restaurant is a great way to wake up to Las Vegas.. I normally have the waffles and coffee while i chat and enjoy the view. A Must do while you are in vegas. The only problem is not that much selctions on the menu. Prices are ok.
This restaurant has a great view and patio seating. The filet mignon was excellent.
Hi all, Mon Ami Gabi delivered on all counts last night.  First, you can reserve a table through Open Table.  Then they bring your bread in a bag so you can tear off pieces just like we did in France when I visited.  For starters we gobbled down a duck confit and fingerling potatoes appetizer that was prepared so well, even the 7 3/4 year old loved it.  I was in a rare fish mood and ordered the dover sole special which was a bit underseasoned but cooked perfectly otherwise.  My wife ordered the filet and they allowed her to choose the blue cheese sauce (any sauce on any steak our waitress said).   The steak was perfectly cooked (thank god she ordered medium because it came closer to medium rare, the way I like it.  the potato sticks were the best thing we had, the perfect crispness and saltiness.The waitress was very helpful in providing recommendations and they kept the water full.  The drinks, although pricey, were excellent. Try the Paris Romance.  Also the French Cherie was excellent.  I forgot Hendricks was in it due to the flavor.. The child had fish sticks that were awesome and came in a french bento box with mashed potatos, green beans and more.. . For desert, the kids ice cream sundae was good and 1/3 the price of the sundaes across the street at Serendipity.  We had the profitteroles and must have liked them because they were all gone when we left.. . I want to give this place 5 stars, I really do but the dining area is small and noisy and the fish special just wasn't perfect.  I am sure I would have given it that extra star if we had a spot on the patio but they were full and the wait would have been 1 hour.  I promise to revisit this the next time we go.
I've been here a few times in the last 5 years or so, and this place still remains a go to spot when I'm in Vegas.  Located inside/outside of Paris it has a prime location on the strip (pun intended)!  . . The food is always solid. I've had the escargot which was so flavorful!  (be careful, its hot!).  The prime rib I had here the first time is still one of the best.  Last time I went I had the steak and frites.  Steak was nice and tender, beaten flat! Frites were nice and flat, making them crispy!!!  I've also had the brunch here, which was pretty good as well.. . The outdoor patio is amazing.  Right across from the Bellagio pool!  Great place for an evening dinner and people watching.  It's a bit dark inside, but that's expected of a steakhouse.   . . In the past the service has been solid, but when I went a couple of weeks ago, I had a strange experience.  The hosts were awesome, getting us a nice seat on the patio, but our waiter was awkward.  In the middle of telling us our specials, he pauses, looks over at the other table and excuses himself.  He comes back about a minute later and says he had to take care of something.  After telling us our specials, just looks at us and then walks away.  Didn't ask any questions, ask if we had questions, or even concluded it in any normal way...just walked away.  He also seemed to be a little too busy for us. Granted it was my friend and I and we were pretty low maintenance.  At the end of the meal, he just drops off the check.  . . With that one exception, my experiences here have been awesome, and I highly recommend it!
Finally dined here for breakfast after being to Vegas multiple times, and passing by the restaurant THOUSANDS of times. Actually, I'm mad at myself for not doing it sooner! LOVE THIS PLACE! We dined in what I call "the sun room" (an area between the main dining room, and the outside patio). I loved the ambiance there. I ordered the corned beef hash and a latte, and my sweetie ordered the traditional eggs benedict. The hash was awesome! The corned beef was crispy on the edges, and the poached egg was cooked perfectly. This is a great breakfast joint without being too expensive ($10-$15 per entree), but next time I'll try eating dinner on the outside patio.
Bread is delicious
Wandered into this place after being in the desert for 8 days. It was quite the culture shock: mostly the food wasn't freeze dried and was delicious! We got there around 7:00 and had no problem getting a table. Now, the food was pretty good and I'll get to that in a second. But first we need to address why this place doesn't get 5 stars. It has to do with the fact that we had 3 different servers who were kind of difficult to track down. I know, it's nit-picky, but our first server whispered in a thick french accent, our second server wasn't sure what the first had told us or taken as an order, and the third didn't speak at all. . . Beyond that, however, the food was tres magnifique! (Apologies to francophiles if I misspelled any of that...) We started with the baked goat cheese which came with a stunning crispy yet soft herb bread. Then, shocker of all evening, my "burger and fries" boyfriend ordered a steak, and ordered it medium rare! (We're talking about a "everything should be well-done thank you very much," kind of guy here, so you should be shocked, too!) He got the steak roquefort  (bleu cheese sauce) and ate pretty much the whole thing. I ordered the Steak Bordelaise (caramelized onions red wine reduction) and ate pretty much all of it. (Ok, you caught me. I ate the whole thing. It was tasty. And I regret nothing.). . In addition, there are two other noteworthy items: 1) St. Germain +champagne cocktails = baaaannnnggggiiiinnng; 2) while there were multiple servers working our table, not one of them made an attempt to rush out. We got to linger over every course which, again, was freaking wonderful after rush rush travel travel we had endured for the last 24 hrs. . . Overall, I highly recommend this little spot in Paris Las Vegas.   . . And seriously, get the St. Germain-tasty-nectar-of-the-gods-in-a-very-formal-french-way cocktail. You'll love it. I think. Or you should. Whatever, just try the steak ok? I know you won't regret that.
Mon Ami Gabi was the place we selected for brunch on Easter Sunday.. . I absolutely must say thank you to the hostess who held our table for uswhen we called to say we would be late due to the valet being full. I had no clue that valet could be full but apparently, that's a thing that can happen. Anyway, we were fifteen minutes late and they still held our table for us. That's pretty darned awesome!. . Our table was at the window line looking out onto the Bellagio fountains. It was a holiday and so there was a large show every thirty minutes and minor shows every fifteen. So we were able to watch eight different water shows during our two hour brunch. Yes, we are the grazers that drink and eat slowly and enjoy our time. I'd say I'm sorry but it would be untrue.. . Our only issue with Mon Ami Gabi, the food was forgettable. I cannot for the life of me remember what I had. I think I had French Toast but I could be wrong about that. Regardless, at those prices I'd like to at least remember what I had (outside of the coffee and mimosas).. . Anyway, overall this place was great for a mid morning spent watching people, water shows, and enjoying our friends and their company.
Very very pricey for what you get. But it's all about sitting outside and watching the Bellagio water works and the filet mignon merlot butter dish! Excellent service too.
It was a sad walk from the Cosmo to here since it was our last day on our trip. It ended up being the best breakfast as well. . . Came in on Thursday morning around 10AM without a reservation. The hostess greeted us and asked if we wanted to wait for an outside patio table or dine in. We didn't have extra time to spare so we opted to dine inside. The wait was only a few minutes and we were led to a quint table that is inside the restaurant but also can be considered outside since it was next to the huge open area that had a nice breeze and view of the strip. . . After looking over their large brunch menu I ordered the fruit basket and the turkey and egg white omelette. The fruit basket was half of a cantaloupe cut to look like a flower with mango, pineapple, strawberries, grapes and berries inside. It was almost too pretty to eat. It also came with brown sugar, yogurt and a clear sweet syrup on the side. The fruit was all fresh sweet and ripe. The omelette was a nice size portion with tomatoes and avocado ontop. It was a little bland but the hot sauce I asked for spiced it up. I am not a hash browns fan but theirs are very good with grilled onions through out. . . Service was okay. Our waitress wasn't the warm and inviting type but got the job done. We did have a couple of times that we had to wait for the coffee and water to be refilled. . . The decor and layout reminded us of the cafes we had dined at when we were in Europe so Mon Ami Gabi did that correct. . . Prices is great for the quantity and quality of the food. Too bad we didn't dine here sooner otherwise we wouldnt have wasted our time nor money on the other two restaurants. But I will remember this restaurant for our next trip. For the fruit, two entrees, coffee, tax and tip the total came out around $52.00. . . Misc. info: reservations can only be made for inside the restaurant. The outside patio seating is first come first served.
Excellent fine dining restaurant located in the lobby of the Paris hotel. With superb food and great service, I highly recommend it. I tried their beef dip with fries and was not disappointed. i should have tried their famous steak special as I later found out it was to die for. The restaurant is usually busy and conveniently located across from the Bellagio hotel, where you might just catch the water fountain show in front of the hotel. I certainly look forward to returning to this gem of a place.
Nice french restaurant directly on the strip with views of the Bellagio water show.. I ordered the 3 cheese plate and the salmon and leek quinoa.. Price was reasonable which is very hard to find in vegas.. Would definetly go back.
Picturesque little cafe that gives you great views of the Bellagio fountains if you are sitting outside.  I had quite possibly the most elegant corned beef hash I've ever had.  Coming from a childhood of eating the canned, Hormel bits o'beef and potato, this dish was quite remarkable.  There was a nicely seasoned, tender corned beef brisket on the bottom of the dish, with 2 perfectly poached eggs on top.  A crispy plate of hash browns was served on the side, and it also came with some fresh baguette-style toast.  It tasted quite good, however, the menu stated that it should have come with roasted red pepper.  After searching on my plate, I found the tiniest sliver of red pepper on the dish.  They are really cutting corners here (jk)!. . Coffee was refilled promptly, as was water.  One thing to note is even though they are part of the Paris casino, they aren't actually owned by Harrah's, so you cannot get any Total Rewards discounts, nor pay for your meal in Total Rewards points.
Mon Ami Gabi is the kind of French Bistro friend we all wish we knew back in our own hometowns.. . For me, the number one draw was the View ... not the view of the Paris Hotel & Casino, but the view from the outdoor patio of the Bellagio Fountains across the Las Vegas Strip. There are two dining options at Mon Ami Gabi: Indoor or Patio. Indoors is going to be a "finer dining experience" and much shorter wait. Even though we had reservations, it took about 20 minutes to get seated on the patio. The wait was worth it. We lucked into a table right in the middle directly across from the Bellagio. If you come after 6:00 p.m. the fountain show is every 15 minutes, so, plan accordingly.. . Our meal was $195 for my wife and me. It was a bit over-priced, but still a rewarding couple steaks, drinks, and sides. And did I mention the view? Olivia had the 22 oz Bone-In Rib Eye Steak with Bearnaise Sauce ($40) while I got the Filet Mignon Merlot with Butter & Wine Reduction Sauce ($35). Both steaks were 4-star cuts of meat with the filet tender and the rib eye juicy. They came with the house Frites and we added sides of Asparagus (3-stars) and Mushrooms (3-stars).. . I stuck with the house Pinot Noir (Mon Ami Gabi 09 $8 each) before/during dinner while she went with 3 rounds of the Le Fleur cocktail ($13)  which was super sweet thanks to St. Germain and Bacardi Limon. For dessert, we split a Creme Brulee ($8 - 4 stars) and had a Latte. We were in no rush to leave thanks to the Fountains of Bellagio view and relaxed pace of our meal.. . Our server was especially bland. I'm sure his job must suck serving tourists all day, every day, but a little enthusiasm or acting like you cared about our experience would of been nice. Oh, who cares. Just bring us another round of drinks.. . Anyhoo, come for the view. Enjoy some steaks. Dream of being in Paris. You're on vacation at Mon Ami Gabi.
One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas, because of it's fantastic patio seating and views of the water show at the Bellagio. I've always got reservations here every time I visit Vegas, twice a year, or so.. . I had my first escargot experience here and it was pretty tasty. I'd definitely try it again. Their warm breads are pretty yummy, too. While their steak entrees are decently done (not too much of a fan of the potato strings, aka fries, that overload the plate), they have an immaculate French onion soup, with ooey gooey cheese bubbling all over the cup and then, there's this dessert.... . Thanksgiving of 2011, my family and I ordered off a special Thanksgiving menu they had created for the holiday weekend. They had a pumpkin bread pudding (and I'd never had bread pudding before), which I tried, and literally stood up out of my seat. It was THE SINGLE MOST BEST DESSERT I've ever had in MY LIFE. If that thing was on the regular menu, I'd be in Vegas monthly, or shipping it to my home in LA. So if you're there during Thanksgiving and see that very special menu item--ORDER it!
First of all, it's in front of the Bellagio where you can watch the water show while dining. (Well if u're seated outside) I love the food. The waiter recommended a drink and it was delicious. Will def go back here next time I'm in Vegas.
My boyfriend and I love coming here on our special occasion nights. We love the service and the food, the food especially!. . Our most favorite starting appetizer is definitely the scallops. I'm really picky on my scallops and Mon Ami Gabi gets it just right. If I would order about five plates of scallops for appetizer, main course and dessert I really would! It comes in three cute little seashell molds and each one has two perfectly plump scallops hiding under a nice layer of cheese (I normally remove to save myself the added calories) and after a nice sprinkling of lemon juice, dive in! It came to the point we have to get our own portions because it's so good. Definitely a must try.. . I've had the bass (which was a special menu item, I believe) and the salmon (a regular menu item), and of the two the salmon is delicious! It's flaky and moist and it's just the right portion. . . The apple tarte...   What more can I say about this warm and cold and sweet luscious dessert. Well, we devoured it. Plain and simple. It was a nice ending to our meal. . . The only thing that kinda bothers me, is the seating. We were seated in the midst of groups and groups of people the last time we were here. On Valentine's day, however, we had a nice intimate two seat table away from every one else. That was nice. I would love it if we could get that kind of seating all the time, but availability gets in the way unfortunately.. . Other than that, I highly recommend coming here if you like French food, or just food in general. Much, much better than the Eiffel Tower Restaurant-- by a lot!. . On a side note, they also serve breakfast; which I am DYING to try!
after checking into our hotel we made reservations to grab dinner at monamigabi at paris hotel.  we got there 30minutes early but they had outdoor seating available for us! (make reservations on YELP! or else prepare for a long wait)  lovely view of the bellagio water show and we got there at a perfect time to watch it happen in some sunlight & in the dark...best dining view ever.. . the good was....gluten free menu available with appetizer choices as well(real rarity i tell ya!) , complimentary gluten free bread with warm delicious olives!!!! (celiacs usually have to just stare at everyone at the table enjoin warm baguettes while drooling but this place is awesome regarding gluten free eaters!) and the scallops i ordered were seared to perfection! my goodness it was delicious and 5 meaty perfect sized scallops were surrounding a pile of ratatouille (I'm not a fan of ratatouille but it was alright). . the bad was...our server was horrible...he had the worst attitude and was very unhelpful...he forgot our fries and acted like it wasn't a big deal but made a ginormous deal about bringing out complimentary fries 5minutes later.  we also never got refills on $4 sodas.  & one of the salmon salads we ordered came out with a inch long slightly wavy hair (u guess what that was) . . ill come back...didnt get glutened and loved the view!
Bacon grueyer burger.... drips grease till you finish it. My mouth just watered again. . . I wasn't a fan of their fries. . . Good price point for food, and ask to sit inside but kind where you can still see the fountains and you're good to go.
This place is a solid four stars. Hubs and I flew into Vegas in November 2010 and wanted to find some steak for dinner. He did some Yelp research while I did some primping in our sweet Penthouse bathroom at Mandalay (see that review for how we got a Penthouse), He chose Mon Ami Gabi and made a reservation through Open Table.. . We journeyed down the strip to Paris and found the restaurant right away (it's right next to the main entrance off the Strip). First impressions: kind of dark but elegant looking. With out late reservation, we weren't able to get patio seating, but we didn't have to wait too long. We got a few quick pulls off the slots before we were seated.. . Our table was in between two larger tables, with not much room in between. Reminds me of the close proximity of the tables at the Brewpub I worked at for many years. Kind of surprising with the "fanciness" of the place to be shoved into some little two top between two large tables. Not at all romantic. Not long after we sat down, a raucous group sat to the right of us and then an oddly quiet family of four sat to our left (you've seen them: they don't talk unless it's to the server...so weird).. . Our server was French, and extremely good at his job - although he had absolutely no sense of humor or personality. Maybe that's an American thing? To have a personilty? Not sure. The close proximity of the tables made his dignified shimmy between them borderline hilarious.. . We ordered a bottle of wine, an appetizer, and steaks. Everything was good. The steak wasn't outstanding, but it was still delicious. Expect Vegas prices!. . Overall, a great way to start the Vegas trip. I would suggest getting a patio table or request more private seating if you are looking for the romance of France.
Very good. Stoked on this place. Great atmosphere and the food was delightful.
Views of the fountains and the people watching out of the patio are some of the best in Las Vegas.  The bread and the french fries were excellent, my steak was kind of on the chewy side.  The man dishing out the water was quick to refill, which was great as it was over 100 degrees the night we were there.  The waitress was trying to speak with a french accent, which got to be a little funny after a while.  Every once in a while she would forget altogether, which made it even funnier when she would go back to it.   We went on a Monday night around 8:30 and maybe only had a 10 min wait to sit on the patio.  Would have liked to try it for breakfast, but never got up that early.  Would go back
Been here on three occasions and always have enjoyed the ambiance and food.  The indoor dining can be pleasant and, if you're fortunate, you might even get views of the Bellagio fountains from inside.  The plus side of indoor dining is you can get a reservation. When the weather allows, the patio dining is the best but the wait can be long.. . The food is quite good and certainly adequate for the venue, but what makes this place is the setting and views.  We have had many items including fish, burgers, and steak.  Service has always been pleasant, attentive, and unassuming.
I came here Sunday night, my last night in Vegas. This was one of my "affordable" culinary trips and a good way to end my trip. . . The meal began with a warm baguette brought to the table in a paper bag. Soft and warm and very comforting. . . I ordered the cold pea soup as a starter. Small chunks of vegetables, creme fraiche, swimming in a pool of a bright green pool of soup. Simply delicious. . . I had the skate wing for my main dish. My biggest concern was if I'd spend the rest of the meal picking out bones between bites. Crispy and brown on top and a nice flaky interior without the bones, seasoned with salt. It sat in a puree of roasted cauliflower, which was creamy and almost had a potato-like quality.
The plan was to have them for breakfast since we were told they were one of the best breakfast spots closest toThe Cosmopolitan where we had been staying for the night. But after a night in Vegas, we started off a tad bit late and wound up giving Mon Ami Gabi a go for lunch. . . So, the drinking never stops in Vegas right? Okay, maybe those are words spoken by a borderline alcohol connoisseur, my group order a cask of Sangria, super yummy I might add and perfect pairing to the lunch that followed.. . My order consisted of the Warm Chicken & Brie sandwich that comes with hand-cut frites. I absolutely love caramelized onions so that was the first thing about this sandwich entree that caught my eye and my taste buds. I had been leery of the idea of there also being green apple on it as well, but to my surprise it paired well (I am obviously not well versed in pairing of foods, but I sure do love to eat them when they jive and put a smile on my face and a flutter in my belly).. . The service was excellent, our waiter always paid close attention to our table and was always right on queue when we were just about to pour our own refill of Sangria, quickly rushing over to take care of the small task for us. . . I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here, and hope to come back and visit them for breakfast next time I'm in town.
I had this place bookmarked for good ambiance. We walked from the Flamingo our last morning in Vegas for a nice breakfast. We got seats right on the edge of the patio, so we could see the sidewalk and, across the street, the Bellagio. The fountains weren't running in the morning but it was still a nice view. And the people watching was excellent, as it is in Vegas! We had good service by our waiter, who brought things out quickly and was always nearby. I ordered steel cut oats, a bagel with cream cheese, and OJ. My friend got a breakfast crepe. She wasn't that impressed by it as she didn't like the sauce, but it wasn't bad. She said the coffee was amazing. My OJ was good, though small for the price. My oatmeal was great and so was the bagel. The oatmeal came with raisins, brown sugar, and half and half on the side, so I could make it up as I pleased. . . Price was comparable to other breakfast places we tried in Vegas, and quality was good. The view made it all worth the while. I only wish I could've had lunch here and seen the fountains!
My favorite is duck config with lentils, for breakfast my brioche toast was delicious.
Solid food and a great value considering the location and view.. . We were able to get a patio table dining late on Thursday July 19th (around 10:45) and only had to wait about 30 mins.  I even won about 100$ waiting for our table!!. . The food was good..not amazing best meal of my life good but still exceeded my expectation especially considering the price.. . Steak, salmon, whipped cauliflower, and the brie cheese appetizer were all shared at our table and all were consumed with little conversation .. . It did take a too long to get our check and while I wasn't expecting a genuine french server we had one that would have looked at more at home in a truck stop diner.   Overall though she was friendly and let us enjoy the view. . . I will definitely return in the future.
Monday morning brunch was lovely here on the patio. The fountains across the street weren't running, but we enjoyed the people watching. Service was very good. Food was good, but I appreciated that they allowed half orders at half the price. I wanted to try a few different things, and this feature helped! Bloody Mary was good and extra spicy! I would go here again.
It is strange that I don't have a review for them, and yet I have been here every year that I have had my Cosmoprof North America tradeshow for our annual girls night( a total of 7 times and counting) There are usually 7 to 10 of us lovely and we take a seat on the patio to people watch and enjoy a beverage ( or three) of sorts. The food is delicious! DELICIOUS! From the warm brie to the goat cheese to the steaks, to the pomme frittes, to the desserts. Sweet baby jesus you can't go wrong at this place. It seems that the drinks get stronger and stronger as the night progresses so w are usually fat, full, tired, and tipsy But no matter what, we always have a great time! See you next year ( if not sooner)
I've actually been to this restaurant a couple times before but it was during my pre-Yelp days so this is my first review.  I was directed to this joint from a local friend who told me that this was probably the best value on the strip.  After eating here for like the third time I would say that she is correct.. . The hottie and I went on a Sunday night and was surprised at how busy it was.  I started out with my usual french onion soup.  This is what french onion soup is about.  Not too salty but still rich in onion flavor.  I got the special of the day which was Beef Wellington.  The hottie decided to get a bowl of mussels.  First the mussels.  I can say, without a doubt, the BEST mussels I've ever had.  Mussels are usually overcooked so that they mussels shrivel up and are kinda chewy and rubbery.  Or somtimes they are gritty and sandy tasting.  These mussels were plump and juicy, exactly what mussels should be and on top of that the white wine sauce just hightened the flavor of the mussels.  Just awesome!  My beef wellington was also very good although the slice was a bit small considering I paid $36 for it.  . . Overall, just what I expected.  A quality meal at a very reasonable and affordable price.
Similar menu to Bouchon in the Venetian but not quite Bouchon quality ( but very close). Had an amazing meal with a great view of the strip. Frisee salad, mussels, baked goat cheese, shrimp cocktail, stiff cocktails and reasonably priced!
Came here for lunch with my girlfriends and it was such a great experience! The service is spectacular! Our waiter was such a joy to have! Extremely helpful and friendly.  We ordered the frites, brie & chicken sandwich, french onion soup, burgers, pate, kale salad, lobster roll, mussels... everything was delicious!
07/03/2013: You just lost one star Gabi, my love for you is waning.  . . Our previous visit was great, my review for that dinner can be read below.  Having said that, this time was not as good because of a really lousy waiter, a short, stocky guy with a shaved head.  I saw other tables being waited on and their servers was outstanding (waiter #60 is amazing), we were just unlucky.  The dinner was very good, my only complaint is with the waiter who gave the impression that he didn't want to be there and was not interested in providing anything but minimal service.. . 07/29/2012: Just outstanding!  Enjoy this restaurant at the entrance to Paris during your next visit to the Las Vegas strip, the prices are very reasonable, the food and service are outstanding.  . . Our waiter was from Wisconsin, I wish I could remember his name because he was wonderful, his attentiveness was unsurpassed.  We dropped in at about 8 PM on a Saturday evening and were seated inside promptly, there was a wait for outside seating where there is more activity/entertainment right on the strip, but inside was fine for my lovely wife and myself.  . . I believe the fillet Mignon I enjoyed that evening is the best I've ever had, and the Merlot sauce was to die for, unbelievably delicious.  The French do know how to cook there's just no doubt about it.
Gave it a shot because of all the yelpers! Wasn't too busy in the morning, the outdoor seating was great. I had the egg benedict which was good, not astonishing. Overall it's a nice restaurant with very good service. Wish there was more food with the entree's though, but it had such a great view.
The french toast alone is worth the trip to the strip. The steak frites is not too shabby either!
went here for brunch a couple weekends ago. initially, they had sat our group on the patio at a table that had no umbrella. REALLY? the only table outside with no umbrella in 110+ heat? we immediately asked to be moved inside. luckily, they were very nice and accommodating, they moved us right away to a table inside. . . if you're eating here you have to have their steak frites! yumm. a nice long thin cut of steak served with herb butter and crispy pomme frites. They also have other topping such as a red wine reduction with carmelized onion... or bleu cheese... droolll. . . Since it was brunch I figured I should do something... brunchy. So i also ordered the blueberry french toast. This was also amazing.. fresh blueberry on top with blueberry syrup and a generous dollup of fresh whipped cream. I didn't think it was overly sweet, but then again I was pairing it with a steak so I guess it balances out. . . The service was great. Our waiter was very attentive and extra accommodating. Everyone is very friendly. . . Quick tip: there is a dress code.. men no tanks! they do give you a plain tee to wear though if you do forget!
We came here during my anniversary weekend. We made last minute dinner reservations and were pleasantly surprised by the dark, Parisian bistro type atmosphere. . . Coming with the breadbasket, they have a small dish of shaved carrot salad. I loved how different it was from the normal fare and enjoyed it immensely. . . As an entree, I had the cold seafood platter. It was plentifully packed with 2 types of shrimp, oysters, and a whole lobster. The lobster was plump and did not lose its flavor. . . The server introduced me to a great white wine. She didn't make me feel dumb for being a wine neophyte, which I liked. . . We enjoyed our time at Mon Ami Gabi. As is in Paris, we sat relatively close to other patrons, but that added to the ambience. (and aided in people watching)
Went to Mon Ami Gabi for the first time for a friend's birthday.  Food is a little overpriced for taste, but proportion size is good (not too small).  If you are feeling bold, I recommend trying the chicken liver spread.  Their bread pudding and chocolate puffs are amazing!!  The restaurant manager, Michael, was gracious enough to comp our appetizers and desserts.  For a group of 9 women, each of us paid on average $35, which included tip.  Our group sat inside and it was busy and packed with people.  Atmosphere was relaxed, but service was great.
Very pleasantly surprised by this place! Burnt out on buffets, we stopped here for breakfast before catching our flight home from Vegas. I found the menu to be extensive and unique, and also very reasonably priced. Our food was very delicious, the ambiance was great, the location in the Strip can't be beat, and the service was excellent. I look forward to coming back to this restaurant next time I'm in Vegas!
Good place to go if you want reasonable food on the strip but don't want to spend too much. Notice it's on the upper range of the $$ range, so expect to spend ~$30/person.
Great outdoor patio to eat lunch or dinner.  I had the Duck confit....pretty well prepared with Cherries & Potatoes.  Tuna Melt is to die for...served with roasted veggies like artichokes, olives, red onions!   They also serve a great Fangria (French version of Sangria)  The only downfall is the bread they serve is sooooooo hard.  :-(
My husband and I were looking for a hearty breakfast that would help us recover from the night before. Mon Ami Gabi was within walking distance of the Aria, which is where we were staying. We got there around 7:45am and they were just starting to set up the tables on the patio. Considering we were going to be at the pool all day, I didn't mind sitting inside.. . Everything on the menu looked so delicious. I decided to get the French Toast with a side of crispy bacon. The French Toast was topped with blueberries, blueberry syrup, and fresh whipped cream. It was sooo delicious! The portions were pretty big, so I gave the other piece to my husband. He agreed that I ordered the better dish. He was trying to be all healthy and what not by getting the Turkey & Egg White Omelette. Lesson learned. The bacon was good, but could have been a little crispier in IMO.. . The service was great. We were in and out within an hour. I just found out there is a Mon Ami Gabi in the DC area, so I will definitely be checking it out!
One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas because the quality and type of food they serve is comparable to what I ate when I went to Paris. I like their escargot - garlicky and simple, cooked the correct way as the French would.  Great steak frites - I like mine cooked medium rare.  It is a thin piece of steak and it's buttery and comes with frites which are very crispy (please don't ask for steak sauce!!!).  Warm Brie cheese - creamy and is perfect with their warm baguette. Croque Monsieur - the presentation is a bit different.  Instead of egg or melted cheese on top, theirs is cheese on top but it's not melted and the whole sandwich itself is lacking creaminess and it comes with frites as well but it's quite alright. . . You can't go to a French restaurant without having chocolate mousse and profiteroles.  The chocolate mousse is semi-sweet so it's bitter and a bit sweet - the perfect chocolate!  It's smooth as silk and melts in your mouth.  You have to trust this chocoholic!  The profiteroles are cream puffs with vanilla ice cream drizzled in chocolate fudge sauce.  That's a pretty graphic description so I don't think an explanation is necessary.. . They're always and I mean ALWAYS busy.  Be smart and reserve a table at least 24 hours ahead.  Their patio has an excellent view of Bellagio's fountain show.  Think date night.. . Service has been consistently good no matter how busy they are.  I always leave Mon Ami happy.
Stopped by for brunch. Beautiful view of the strip. Perfect place to people watch. There's always a long wait, so try to grab a reservation before you arrive. I'm not a huge fan of Bloody Marys, but they have a cute Bloody Mary bar. I enjoyed their Mimosa though! :). . I'm not the usual to adventure out and too many exotic foods at once, but we had some escargot and liver. They were delicious but not exactly my cup of tea. The quiche was good. The sauce they used to pair with their chicken crepe is creamy and very soothing.
This is an ideal place to eat dinner at a fancy place without feeling the need to be in a suit and tie. Reservations only apply for indoor seating, if you want an outdoor seat you'll have to wait.. . Mon Ami Gabi was a very enjoyable dining experience. From the moment we were seated, our server with the most welcoming smile, made sure we were tended to throughout the evening.. . To start, we had a complimentary rice/pea salad along with their bread and butter. For apps, we tried their escargot which was utterly garlicky and delicious. Don't forget to use the little bread you have left to dip it into the left over sauce after eating the escargot. I think this came with six pieces.. . I got their steak bernaise. The cut of this steak is thin but it is surprisingly filling. This steak came with a bernaise sauce that you can't stop dipping it in. Each of their steaks come with frites. They were unlike any frites I have ever had... very thinly cut... a cross between hash browns and the end pieces of McDonald's fries. I can't say I was wild for them, but if you like crunch, these will certainly hit the spot. I also got an order of their mac and cheese which was a decent portion for a side. It was a little TOO cheesy for my taste but then again, I was starting to come down with a sore throat so that could be it.. . I will definitely plan a visit here again next time I'm in Vegas!
Mon Ami Gabi perhaps won't win an award for some of the best food you'll ever have and half the menu items can be a bit pricey.  However, it is an overall solid restaurant on the Vegas strip that will get you good food for a relatively good price with a great view.  . . We made a reservation beforehandeasily on OpenTable and seated pretty quickly.  Service was relatively friendly (note you're going to need a shirt and shoes I believe) although it took a while for the food to come out interestingly enough.  . . Make sure to try to either get a patio seat or if it's too hot, the room right by the patio that will still give you an open view of the Bellagio across the street.  This room not only will keep you very cool but you'll get a great sight of the awesome Bellagio fountains while you're eating without having to stand and watch.  . . Food-wise, they have a brunch menu that is relatively cheap along with a regular menu filled with a lot of different items from crepes to steaks (it can get pricey depending on what you get).  I had the seafood crepe for about $16 and although it wasn't the best crepe I've ever had, the sauce and the fresh-tasting shrimps/scallops were solid along with a cranberry juice (they had a full drink bar/menu of a lot of items).  . . So again, if you're in Vegas and want a solid, consistent place with a great view, you can't really go too wrong with Mon Ami Gabi.
I've heard so many good things about this place that I had to come see what all the jazz was about. I'm so happy to say that everyone was absolutely right! This place IS amazing! I don't have many comments on the restaurant itself other than it's nice to sit outside with the light water spray (?) to keep you cool. . . I ordered the Seafood Crepe. If you like seafood, you can't go wrong with this dish!! SO DELICIOUS. Probably the best crepe I've ever had. The crepe is filled with a white seafood wine cream (i made that up, but that's what it tasted like to me!) with green peas and topped with jumbo shrimp and scallop. You might find it a little salty, but I like salty so no problems there! It's so filling! But I finished it because my mouth just couldn't stop... . I also ordered the frites since everyone kept raving about them. If you know me, then you know I have this unhealthy (really unhealthy) relationship with fries. I LOVE FRIES. And I didn't like theres. I'm usually the one to say I always like the crappy ends of the fries, like the fries you find at the bottom of the basket, but this was a literally a basket full of it. It was like thin potato skins really. Meh, I like thin but I still need some potato! . . Still, I cannot wait to go back to try the rest of the menu!!
it's Vegas, it's on The Strip, so obviously it's going to be super super SUPER crowded. If you're coming here, you better make reservations!!. . Came for dinner on a Saturday night (made reservations at 6pm) and they seated us right away. Service was fantastic, never had to ask for a refill.. . Ordered:. Butter Lettuce & Arugula Salad. Steak Classique. Salmon and Quinoa (OMGOMG, LOVE AT 1ST TASTE). . OH MY BLOODY HELL, the salmon and quinoa dish was so so so good. I was so full, but I didn't want the party in my mouth to stop. I'm a BIG seafood person, so I know what good fish tastes like, and let me tell you, this piece of salmon was delicious and cooked to perfection!. The steak was a bit on the bland side; could have used more salt, but it was a good and large-sized piece of meat and it came with a mountain of fries! The taste was nothing special, just your typical meat and fries.
I went for breakfast and I loved the food. I had eggs florentine with a side of bacon, everything was delicious. My friend ordered the mac and cheese which I got to sample, which was not a breakfast item but they made it for her anyway - cool. . Good food, the service was not the best.... I asked for ketchup and tabasco and my food got cold that's how long I waited - bummer. but I would go back.
Food was good, service was good, the only thing that pissed me off was that apparently they have their own definition of the word reservation so I still had to wait in line and then wait another 20 mins to get there. My fillet mignon was very good and bread pudding for dessert was totally amazing!  Server was very nice and attentive!
Great food and atmosphere at a great price.  Right on the strip.  This is a great place to eat in Vegas.  I almost wanted to spluge on one of those ultra nice restaurants, but decided to be modest, and glad I did.. . The steak au poivre, medium rare, was excellent.  We got the duck confit appetizer, and that was very good.  The frites are a nice side.. . The waiter was one of the nicest, informative, and mindful I've ever had.. . I wish I had a bigger stomach, but I couldn't even down the steak and frites.  That meant no dessert unfortunately.  But why complain that the portions are too big?
Best Brie Burger I have ever had!. . Came here in December for a quick lunch before our drive back to LA. We sat outside even though it was freezing but didn't notice it because of the heat lamps! I ordered the the brie burger and had verrrry high expectations because I was told this would be the best burger I had ever tried! . . Well, I was impressed! It was awesome, the meat was cooked perfectly and the brie was delish on the burger with the toasty bread! The fries were a little weird. They were the thin cut kind-- i'm not really a fan..  . . Can't wait to head back to Sin City just for this treasure!
What a great little French bistro at the Paris hotel. The Frangria, French sangria, is amazing on a hot day down on the strip. Gotta try the French onion soup and steak-frites , they are totally unique and delicious! Check it out today.
BLUEBERRY FRENCH TOAST. BLUEBERRY FRENCH TOAST. BLUEBERRY FRENCH TOAST. BLUEBERRY FRENCH TOAST. BLUEBERRY FRENCH TOAST. . Come here for this and only this!! I've been here twice and have found that everything else pales in comparison to the BLUEBERRY FRENCH TOAST. I asked the waiter how they make it taste so good and he said "I'll have our chef send you the recipe!" I thought he was kidding but he wasn't! Filled out a form and I just got the chef's email yesterday with this recipe.  I thought that was pretty awesome! Oh and the view is great too...But remember, order the BLUEBERRY FRENCH TOAST
A very nice dining experience.  Mon Ami Gabi is a restaurant I have visited a handful of times over the years, and actually a place I would visit even if staying at a different hotel not adjacent to Paris.  It has a very 'authentic' bistro feel to it, and a nice menu overall.  The menu is steak-hevay, but there are a few other assorted items- this past visit I had a very nice sole special.  Appetizers are nice- in particular the baked goat cheese in tomato sauce, the escargot, and the onion soup.  I'll be back for sure.
This place was delicious! Definitely one of my new favorite spots in Vegas! It's located in Paris and there's a patio on the strip.. . We ordered Escargot, the Salmon appetizer, Salmon Spinach Salad, some egg pie thing, Muscles, and a Bacon Cheeseburgerwith fries. Escargot was on point! Great sauce they used for that. The Salmon appetizer was to die for! The Salmon Spinach Salad was amazing! They definitely were not greedy with the size of the salmon either. The Muscles were awesome, and the sauce on it went perfect for the free bread they give you in the beginning. The Bacon Cheeseburger was huge! And the french fries with it were different but delicious!. . The only downer was that the Bloody Mary Bar is only on Sundays and they didn't have Oysters because they were doing construction on their Oyster Bar.
delicious!!
Directly across from the Bellagio.. It was a perfect spot for our anniversary dinner.. This was definitely a highlight of our Las Vegas trip. So relaxing to have a nice dinner. Fancy yet casual ambiance.. . Indoor/ outdoor feel on the patio was a perfect mix of AC with a view of the bellagio fountains.. . The steak frites was a huge portion. Steak was cooked perfectly. Juicy and tender. The peppercorn steak was very good. The blue cheese onion was good too, but almost masked the wonderful  flavor of the steak. I'd choose a lighter sauce next time. Fries are skinny crispy yummy.. . Fun location to people watch too!
45 minute wait for patio seating was worth it. Went during lunch and the food was fantastic. The patio has a view of the fountains at tha bellagio.
This place doesn't have over 2000 reviews and 4 stars for no reason.  Service is great.  Food is great and location is wonderful.  . . Very romantic and enjoyable dinner was had here!
YUMMM !. . So the last 2 times I've been to Vegas, I've eaten at this place. The first time I was brought by a Cold Tofu classmate that recently moved to the area. Its a nice French style steakhouse that serves steaks, sandwiches, seafood and the like. Walking in here really reminded me of my wonderful time in France and of all my amazing journeys. It seriously took me home :*). . The first time I was here, I tried the French Onion Soup, Moules-Frites and the Escargot.. . Now, I must say that since walking into this place brought back so many intense memories of happier times, I was really setting the bar high for the food. Maybe a little too high? If I were to compare my dishes to those I tried in France, then I must say that the food was just mediocre at best. . . The French Onion Soup was definitely WAYY TOO SALTY to be consumed without the amazingly fresh bread that they brought out to our table. We asked for bread about 6 times throughout our meal, and every time, it came fresh outta the oven and PIPING HOT. THAT'S how bread should be (: On the plus side, if you're a poor college student coming to Vegas to party and want a slice of the good life, you could always come and order a bowl of French Onion Soup and dip it with the bottomless Bread they have here. That would DEFINITELY get you full while letting you basque in the French ambience for a while. Just saying (;. . My mussels were also a tad on the fishy side, the sauce a bit too salty for my liking but my fries were outta this world deeelicious ! Although, I must say that they are definitely NOT French style frites. These fries are sliced thinner than usual and so they are crispy all around, and stay that way throughout your whole meal ! (Even 3 hours later back in our room at Planet Hollywood !) . . My Escargot was also on the saltier side (Seriously, I used to smoke, so I definitely don't eat my food BLAND. If EVERYTHING I ordered was too salty for my taste than something's gotta give), but I think it had to be like that to help cover the "unfresh" aroma of the actual snail. Once again, that's where the bread came in handy ! The herb butter sauce that the escargot was prepared in was SUPER flavorful, it just had a handful too many pinches of salt and so it needed the super carb of the bread to help soak it up.. . That night, the friend that brought me had ordered a Steak Bearnaise on my recommendation. (It was one of my favorites in France, along with the Steak Roquefort. NOMMM) The Bearnaise was a bit thin, but the flavor was SPOT ON. And it came with a side of their AMAZING frites that just complete the meal.. . Just a month later I decided to take the fam here for lunch during Labor Day weekend. There wasn't a wait, which was amazing for a Saturday at 12 ! They seated us in the BRIGHT dining area with open windows, and AC blasted on HIGH ! It felt so great to be able to be seated "Outdoors" without the 100 degree plus weather.. . The menu is different for lunch, as it should be I suppose ! The entrees are a lot lighter, and there are more salads and sandwiches to choose from. We ordered the Tuna Melt, Steak Sandwich, Bacon Cheeseburger, and a Caesar Salad. Every sandwich/burger came an order of delicious fries ! I believe the only sandwich that stood out among all of our choices would have to be the steak sandwich. It was flavorful, the steak was tender and the side of au jus to dip had just the right amount of kick to it ! I believe it was a grainy mustard that made the difference ! The Caesar Salad was a total disappointment, I believe there were literally 8 bites of overdressed salad for $10 and we could have added another 2 and just got another burger or sandwich. WIll definitely NEVER order a salad form here again. I would have been MUCH happier with Wendy's Caesar side salad for $1 ! That's how bad it was :/. . Anyway, I know that I will definitely be back to visit this wonderful place again sometime in the future to try their Seafood Platter ! I saw a couple eating it together and it looked so SCRUMP-DIDDLY-UMPTIOUS ! Hahahaha, definitely needa find a bf to take me here for that one day (;. Happy eating !
Step 1: make a reservation on Open Table.. Step 2: show up, sit back and enjoy.  (If you don't have a reservation, you may have to wait a while.). . Mon Ami Gabi was one of my favorites from my last trip to Vegas.  My mother, sister, boyfriend and I came here for breakfast Monday morning.  There is plenty of indoor seating, but I would really recommend the patio because you get to sit right above the strip and you have a nice view of the Bellagio across the street.  Now, enough intro information, onto the food:. . -Coffee ($3.95): average.  free refills, as with any other place.  . . -Berry Pancake ($11.95): now, this isn't actually like the usual fluffy pancake, it's a "big skinny pancake" as their menu puts it.  I would just say it's very much like a crepe.  It was light and really tasty with the fresh fruits.  My boyfriend really enjoyed this.  The few bites I snuck were really tasty.. . -Chicken, brie and apple crepe ($12.95): Very savory and a little bit sweet; this crepe was everything that I was hoping for.  There was a lot of chicken in the crepe and the sauce on top was very good.. . -Ham and cheese omelet ($11.95): my sister always orders an omelet and she seemed to enjoy this quite a bit.  it came with a generous side of breakfast potatoes and some toast too.. . -French toast ($11.95): my mom ordered the french toast and it was really excellent.  if you like french toast, you should try this.  the toast itself is great, but the sauce, the blueberry syrup is what makes it.  The fresh blueberries go perfectly and the fluffy whipped cream- it's a divine match indeed.. . -Cream puff (free): we were celebrating my birthday.  I didn't t think I'd get a dessert for breakfast; but when it came to the table, I didn't decline.  Very tasty!. . The service itself was just okay.  I think it's just because everyone is busy and rushing around.  The service was pretty helpful, but not all that friendly.  It's a good thing they won me over with the food.  Each of us thought that this was one of the tastiest breakfasts we had ever had and at these prices, it's very fair (especially for Vegas).    The portions were plenty to fill us, but not to the point of feeling stuffed.. . Notes:. -If you're a guy, make sure you have sleeves.  I saw them give a guy a tee shirt because he was wearing a tank top.
I came here for dinner last night. Their patio is such a great place to sit, watching people, street entertainers and the water show at the Bellagio across the street. . I ended up waiting for half an hour for a server, but when I asked someone, the manager came right over and apologized, and later removed both the starter and the dessert from my bill. . The food is good, the staff is friendly and the prices are ok given the location..
I have dined at Mon Ami Gabi a couple of times without disappointment. Their Strip steak is fabulous, the goat cheese appetizer served with toasted garlic bread is amazing.  the only disappointing entree are their $17 salads.  The chopped salad with grilled chicken is way too small for the price they charge, it's more like a side salad, this is where I really just don't understand restaurants.....why be cheap with the least expensive ingriedient!!...Really? .  Convenient place to dine at the Paris Hotel, however you are paying for the view...
Came here for dinner and brunch at two separate occasions.  I love their service, they are attentive and helpful when you don't know what to get. . . For dinner we had the steak, which was delicious, but it's REALLY heavy. I couldn't finish the whole thing, and if I were to order it again, I would split it. Their french onion soup is one of the best I've had. . . For brunch I had the chicken sandwich with brie and apples. It was very good, and again heavily buttered.  A couple of people in our group got the lobster roll and that looked really good. . . It is french food, so expect a lot of butter. I have to say, my favorite part of the meal, by far, was the fresh bread they bring out in the beginning.
We had reservations for dinner at Mon Ami Gabi this past Saturday, Sept 15th. We got there, were seated promptly and we got started from there. We ordered some wine...yadda yadda yadda - ON TO THE STEAK! I ordered the sirloin and it was simply delicious. It was very tender and juicy. I wasn't much of a fan of the fries (con frites?). They tasted like potato chips in the shape of french fries. I was expecting steak fries but that's my mistake and I won't ding Mon Ami Gabi for it. The mac n cheese was also fantastic. . . The only knock against the place was that our waiter, while attentive, seemed pushy at times. We decided to order a round of shots for the guys - we wanted to just get the cheap stuff and he kept trying to upsell us to Patron shots for about $4 more per shot. We eventually gave in and did the Patron shots but would've preferred that he not try to be a salesman. All is well though because he hooked us up with another shot. . . All in all, this place is great if you're looking for an affordable, fancy dinner spot in Vegas. If you're lucky enough, you can get a table outside that comes with a view of the Bellagio fountains. For 7 people, including 2 bottles of wine, a round of shots, appetizers, entrees and dessert, it came out to $580 or $82/person. Not bad for Vegas!
Love this place. It is in the center of the strip and if you are lucky to sit outside, the people watching is fantastic. You are right in front of the Bellagio fountains which is also a great site to see when in town. My fiance and I were in town for birthday celebrations and was pleasantly surprised to be able to get a seat at 11am on a Sunday morning. We booked reservations maybe an hour ahead. This place is usually crowded, so always try and call ahead. We got front row seats and enjoyed mimosas and cappucinos. The food is not authentic French, but close enough. Pretty tasty, but if you are counting calories, these butter rich meals are not for you. All in all a great sunday brunch. Highly recommed when you are in town.
Mon Ami Gabi? Oui Oui!!!. . This place is a solid 4 stars in my book.  I'd definitely recommend and come back for the location, reasonable price, savory food, and excellent service.  . . If you are not in a rush, waiting for the outside seating, or near outside seating next to the bar, is well worth the experience.  The bellagio water show is nothing new to me but if you're new to vegas, definitely sit outside.  You'll get a host of envyous onlookers as they walk by and also see the water show across the street.. . Attached are some pictures of:. 1. Seafood Crepe - The scallops and prawns were AMAZINGLY delicious and generous in size.  I personally think the crepe robbed the seafood of the flavor, ha.. . 2. Eggs Benedict - The english mufffin was a bit tough to cut through, but overall, the excellently poached egg (and I do mean excellent), ham, muffin and sauce were a symphony in my mouth.  The hash browns were well seasoned and delish...I only wish they had served the dish with more!!!  Potato is cheap, come on Gabi!  . . I noticed MANY people dining on the French Soup.  I didn't get to try it, but that is on my list for my next visit back to this restaurant.  . . Just Say Oui Oui to My Friend Gabi!!
I was just here it was very good. The service was great with the exception of being served too fast. I would have liked to have enjoyed the great ambiance a little more before getting the meal so quickly. Tip to everyone, keep your menu's a while before ordering because as soon as you do the food is right there. The place is great, the food is great and the wait staff is great. I do highly recommend this place and will go back myself. Call for a reservation too, enjoy
We came here for a bachelorette party dinner. Started off with bad service. Our reservation was at 8pm. We were not seated till about 9pm. Left 15 girls hungry and annoyed. . . However, food was delicious. No one had any complaints! I had the hanger steak accompanied with sauteed mushrooms and garlic spinach. Fritts on the steak I didn't really care for but the garlic spinach was fabulous. . . There was a guy... not sure exactly what his title would be but he was always around with fresh bread and filling up our water glass. Huge thanks and compliments to him. He made me forget that we started the dinner with poor service.
Outstanding ambiance, cocktails, view and service sums up my experience at Mon Ami Gabi.  My chicken was nothing special but I would for sure go again just ordering a different main entree.
I've ventured to Mon Ami Gabi a handful of times- one of the few places that, as a local, I enjoy going to on the Strip- & truly feel it's a place everyone should treat themselves to, at least once. When I go somewhere like, say, PF Chang's, it's generally the same experience every time. Each experience at Mon Ami has been a different vibe but all equally enjoyable. Over the years, my g.f.'s & I have joked about playing hooky & meeting there for the afternoon. I'd recommend reservations, if possible; otherwise, depending on the day/time, anticipate a bit of a wait. I've never been disappointed by the fare. Leading up to today's celebratory work lunch, I had my tastebuds set on the chicken paillard but made a last minute switch to the prime steak sandwich. Upon my 2nd or 3rd bite, I enthusiastically declared "I don't even like meat but if it all tasted like THIS, I'd love it!" There's a misconception that Mon Ami is uber pricey but it's really not that much different than going to places like Outback, Cheesecake Factory, (the previously mentioned) PF Chang's, etc. The ambiance is spot-on, even when it's a packed Saturday nite, & the service is consistent. A few items to take into consideration: warm brie cheese appetizer, mussels, chicken paillard, onion soup, quiche, warm chicken & brie sandwich, prime steak sandwich & flourless chocolate cake. Go. Eat. Take in the moment. Enjoy.
The view was wonderful. Dinner in front of the Bellagio water show. The outdoor heaters kept me comfortably warm from the below 40F temperature (I went here during winter). . . The crab cake was delicious. Seafood platter was not as large as I expected, but it was enough to satisfy me. Seafood platter was nothing special, though. Small lobster, small but fresh oysters, a few pieces of shrimp cocktail, raw tuna pieces with avocado.  Pricey, but the ambiance and service was good.
Delicious french breakfast, large portions, tasty meals and amazing coffee, all with a view of the Las Vegas strip and Eiffel tower. I loved my turkey, egg white, avacado omelette. My friend had the croque mouser, all so delicious. Also very reasonably priced and efficient service.
After reading the reviews and checking out the menu, we decided to add this place to our most recent Vegas agenda. We stopped in for lunch on Sunday, no reservation and we didn't want to wait, so we didn't get to enjoy the patio experience, maybe next time.. . The food was fantastic, we ordered several things to share. We had the french onion soup which was perfect. The mussels were great and we had to keep stopping the wait staff from trying to take the bowl away as we sopped up every last bit of the yummy sauce with the frites. The frites are definitely a little different, not the average french fry like you would think. They are small, super thin and crispy. Good, but it would have been easier to soak up the sauce from the mussles with something a little more substantial. The fish and frites was really good, again not what you would expect as its not "fish and chips" - this comes out just a large piece of breaded fish on the plate, but the fish was perfectly cooked and seasoned. And we also had the croque monsieur, the yummy combination of gruyere and ham on thick bread was sooo good. I've been craving one of these for days!. . Although our waitress wasn't terribly friendly she got the job done. There are so many workers running around, taking plates and bringing bread and filling water that I can't complain about the service.. . Overall, a great meal on the Strip - we'll definitely be back!
Love, love the ambiance. Great service. Yummy food. Can get very crowded and a bit loud.
We love Mon Ami Gabi.  It's on the short list for lunch on our visits to Vegas for several reasons.. . Raison 1:  French Onion Soup.  The classic French preparation.  Nothing fancy.  Just cheesy, oniony goodness iin a wonderful beef stock with just the right amount of saltiness. Oooh la la.... . Raison 2:  The Croque Monsieur is a terrific semi-open face ham and cheese sandwich.  With gruyere and creme fraiche accompanying the ham, this is one marvelously decadent sandwich.  Fork and knife required.  The fries that come with the dish are frite-style:  thin cut and delicious. Magnifique!. . Raison 3:  The grilled salmon and spinach salad is nice piece of fish, perfectly prepared, on a bed of fresh spinach with advocado, blueberry and a walnut vinaigrette.  Perfect.  Healthy.  Tasty.. . BTW, for dinner Mon Ami's steaks are darn good, too.. . A few years ago we experienced an issue with our dining experience, and I wrote to the parent company.  I received a beautiful note in return offering personal assistance on my next visit.  i never took Mon Ami up on that offer, but I happily return, knowing that someone is watching the store at Mon Ami, and doing a pretty good job keeping customers happy.. . Bon appetit!
It was a great location for people watching in Vegas! The food was outstanding and the service was impeccable!. . Our waitress was so sweet and very accomodating!. . Love this place, order Salmon, Burger, any of the sandwiches it is all yummy!
This was a very cute restaurant and was perfect for Sunday brunch for our party of 10.  We had a private room with a view of the Bellagio fountains, which was really great.  We could actually have a conversation and hear each other without feeling like we are screaming over loud music.  The service was pretty good and our waiter took really good care of us.. . Although I did not have it, several folks in our group had the onion soup and raved about it.  I had the seafood crepe and it was really good and loaded with seafood.  Hubby enjoyed his bacon cheeseburger and another friend really liked his steak.  . . Overall, I would recommend this place as a relatively quiet restaurant on the Strip.  The only criticism is that the brunch menu had very limited breakfast options and mostly served lunch.  A couple of folks in our group wanted to try some of the breakfast options, but they stopped serving it at noon.
Solid restaurant. Let me preface this by saying that I don't love Las Vegas like some people do. This place is a somewhat welcome respite from the usual craziness which is Las Vegas. The food is delicious and the prices are reasonable. That being said, it's not the most authentic French restaurant I've ever been to, but it's Vegas. Definitely worth a meal.
This is a Sunday brunch review:. Croque monsieur is good.. Lobster roll is also good.   . The service is fantastic. With a reservation, we were seated promptly waiting less than 2 mins even though it was a busy Sunday brunch.  Reservations recommended but it will be for indoor seating.  The patio is first come first serve.
Went here for breakfast to sit outside on their patio. Overall service was attentive and excellent. I tried an egg benedict special recommended by the server, it was very good.Cant really say anything bad about the place. There was some woman yelling at the host staff demanding to be seated when we first approached the host stand. Seemed to be a bit much.
I'm not drinking the kool-aid on this place just yet.  It was easy to get a reservation on a Sunday. The prices are reasonable.  The service was good.  Attentive servers.  I had the steak bernaise.  I never hand a bernaise sauce, so the lemony buttery flavor really surprised me and I enjoyed it.  The sirloin meat was a bit chewy, but it's thin and if you cut small pieces, you don't need to work it too hard.  They serve a boat load of fries.  I guess for the price, we got a good meal.  I'm just not sold thatit's a 4 star times 2000 yelpers.  Dessert was meh.  The apple tartin was nothing we expected.  We've seen many that have the apple slices fanned out making a lot of texture. This one was just one big slice of apple baked with the puff pastry on top.  I will say the food was 3 stars and the good service gives it another star.
Drop dead view of the Bellagio fountains if you can secure outdoor seating. Expect a crowded French bistro atmosphere.Service was attentive. Food was moderately expensive ,but fair for Las Vegas. . Mussels  were in  a very flavourful broth ,but 3 mussels failed to open... But those that did were big and juicy.The steaks are reputed to real winners.This is only second hand information, however.. The trout was fresh and flakey.The skate was a good choice if you're tired of sea bass. The mixologists at the bar were friendly and helpful. Mon Ami may not provide the best cuisine in Vegas, but it always beckons me to return.
Came here on a Saturday night, after learning that balcony seating was first come first serve, I was totally fine with taking the next available table. We were seated 5 minutes after my reservation time (not a problem), at an incredibly small, slightly uncomfortable table right next to the kitchen. I don't have a particularly big butt, and I'm on the slim side, and this table was so closed to the one next to it that I couldn't even help but bump into it - and there were guests seated at it. A table that small shouldn't even exist in a restaurant like this.. . Our server was great, not outstanding and not what I expected given the prices and atmosphere. What is really making me give this place 4 stars is that our food was amazing. Their "house" chardonnay was actually quite good and we didn't wait that long to receive our orders. I ordered a steak with peppercorn sauce, I believe, and my boyfriend ordered a 16 oz porter. . . If I ever visit again, I'll probably choose to wait a bit longer for a better seat. But overall an interesting dining experience, not perfect, but just okay.
We were in Vegas on a cool October Saturday morning trying to find a spot for breakfast that wasn't Denny's or McDonald's.  We stumbled upon folks enjoying breakfast at a french-looking cafe at ... you guessed it, Paris Hotel.  We went in and were promptly seated just inside the bar area (not in the outside air, but close enough to feel the breeze and still enjoy a view of the strip).  We had great service from an extremely attentive waiter and an even better meal.  This is the kind of place where you order two eggs and they give you four, so be careful.  It was some of the best bacon I've ever tasted ... and enjoying a screwdriver made it even better.  There seemed to be no shortage of folks drinking alcoholic drinks at 10:00 in the morning (screwdrivers, mimosas, belinis, and bloody marys).  My wife had the belini and said it was the best one she'd ever had ... she's not with me while I write this review, but I believe it's pear juice and champagne.. . Quick and Dirty review:. . Atmosphere - Very relaxing and clean ... I'm willing to bet it's even better on a cool evening for dinner (especially with the lights of the strip and Bellagio fountain show going on). Food - Excellent (good portions). Service - Satisfactory (visible and attentive, but not so much where it gets annoying). . Summary - I could eat breakfast and/or dinner here every day of the week (I'm guessing lunch might get a little hot in Vegas).  I went there with my wife of 7 years, but for some reason it seems like a good first date spot ... probably because it's got a Paris cafe theme to it.
Had a great birthday dinner!  Steak frites, yum!  Great cut of steak, killer frites ( hint: order them crispy!). Really lovely server.. . Returned Sat. for breakfast, they lost our order and we waited a long time for food.  Very good when it finally came out! Manager was great and comped us on part of the meal, very apologetic,  server was mealy and obviously ready or his shift to end.. . Will go back there again.  ( mon Ami's keep some milk at the wait stations, I had to ask numerous times to get some for my coffee both iits, why does staff has to go to the bar for it?)
I've eaten there many times, great food and knowedgable staff
Dined here for the first time. The food was excellent, the waiter was fantastic and the prices reasonable for Vegas. Only issue was the lack of  restrooms. You have to go out of the restaurant back into the casino.. . I would definitely go back on my next trip to Vegas.
Packed frequently, and somewhat reasonably priced for the strip.  Not bad steaks and delicious sides.
While I was back in Vegas for a conference a small group of us decided to drop by and grab a meal.  It was about 8 pm and it was packed and a long line of people waiting to get in.  The hostess told us it would be 1.5 to 2 hrs....wow!  We could get seated right away if we sat outside....but it was raining off/on, so we'd have to take a chance.  I walked outside and they have umbrellas, so we took a chance and chose to get seated immediately.. . Luckily for us it didn't rain while we dined...ha!  I ordered:. . Filet Mignon Merlot - (w/Butter, Red Wine Reduction) $34.95. Macaroni Gratin - $6.95. . ....to wash it down, we ordered a bottle of Malbec for $58.. . While we waited for our food, it rained a little bit.  However, with the umbrellas and patio space heaters, we were comfortable and dry.  It was actually kind of cool to sit outside on the Las Vegas Strip and watch the clouds pass overhead and rain on the city.  In the 20+ yrs I lived in Vegas, I never had an experience like that.  Having Wine during the rainfall was even better.. . The food came out after a while and my Filet was cooked perfectly.  I ordered it Medium-Well with just a little "pink".  The Red Wine Reduction was heavenly and smooth on the palate.  The Mac Gratin was rich and complimented the Filet very well.. . Overall, it was an awesome dining experience.  Don't know if I can replicate the ambiance and scenario.  The waiter was super cool and handled the weather/packed restaurant situation very well.. . Return Factor - 100%
Tasty, and not too expensive French fare located at the Paris.  If you sit outside, you get a great view of the Bellagio fountains.. . Wasn't sure which steak I wanted, but general Yelp consensus seems to be the Steak Bordelaise is the way to go and I concur.  The frites are super thin and crispy unlike traditional fries, but I think they complement the steak well.. . The warm brie and garic is an excellent appetizer if you aren't worried about your breath.  They also give you a complimentary baguette with butter, but it was way too hard despite being freshly baked.  The carrot spread they give you is weird too.
Every time I've been in Vegas, I've always eyed this cute little cafe that's right outside of the Paris Hotel & Casino. This time, I had the time to stop by and made reservations on Open Table in advance! :). . FYI, if you want to sit outside in the patio area, there's a separate waiting list (even if you've already made reservations) and that can take about 10-15 more min.. . Ambiance:. -Very intimate, cozy. . Service:. -Waiters/waitresses very great, very friendly and polite.. but it did take a while for me to get my coffee refills. . Food:. -Quiche lorraine: Really good! It's not just a slice of quiche, like most restaurants, but you get your whole mini-pie! Definitely filled me up.. and I loved the cheese and the bacon pieces. . . Very cute place to grab some yummy brunch with some friends! :)
Eat It OR Beat It?. **EAT IT!!**. . Las Vegas... Sin City... the gambling and promiscuous capital in the world... oh WAIT, it's also the city where the best restaurants in the world come together! Located just outside of the Paris hotel, Mon Ami Gabi has some of the best spectator views on the strip with abundant outdoor seating and cozy indoor seating. Enjoy an entree of steak and frites (steak and fries) or indulge yourself in their wonderful french onion soup. As you walk pass the giant Eiffel tower, it's difficult to miss this restaurant. It's usually crowded throughout the day, but it's certainly worth the wait especially if you aren't looking to dine in the $$$$ range until later into your trip. . . CONCLUSION:. Prices are very reasonable (15-25) for Vegas standards, great people watching, spacious restaurant layout, and 3.5 food, 4 ambiance, 5 star prices... making it 4 stars in my book! So I say, EAT IT!!!
I went here for my birthday lunch, and I was very delighted. We had reservations, and we were taken to our seats immediately. The ambiance outside was perfect. We were sitting on that edge between outside and indoors, and it was quite an excellent way to sit outside without feeling that Vegas heat. . . I told the waiter right away I needed gluten-free options, and she immediately put in a request for special gluten-free bread and a menu. I had to wait a little longer, like a few minutes after my party was served their bread, but I didn't care. . . Because I was so excited to have the bread option, I ordered a sandwich. It was one of the best gluten free sandwiches I had. The fries were plentiful and good as well. . . I wish I would have looked at the dessert menu first, because I would have then scaled back on my fries consumption. I was served a complimentary ice cream sundae, and I could only eat half. . . I want to try the gluten-free chocolate cake the next time I go.
Very popular restaurant, we had to wait about 1/2 hour to get seated for lunch. The most popular place to sit is outside on the patio, because you can watch the people walking by and feel like you're in a French cafe. I had the French Onion soup, my friends had the Lobster Roll sandwich and Chicken-brie sandwich. All were very good. The service was also good, we didn't have to wait very long for our drinks and food. Las Vegas has so many fantastic restaurants and I will definitely return to Mon Ami Gabi.
Great place for Brunch!
Location, location, location. That's the best thing about this place. Don't get me wrong, the food is pretty good, but what you're paying for is the privilege of dining on the Strip with a great view of the Bellagio fountains. Sunday brunch was crowded but we were smart enough to make reservations on our way down there.. . The outdoor patio is the best spot to dine and if you can't get a seat out there, the space just inside isn't bad. It's like a green house -- light and airy with plenty of windows. Further inside the restaurant the atmosphere changes as the space is darker and more intimate. That might be ideal for dinner, but during the day your best bet is the patio.. . The cream of mussel and saffron soup was decent but the prominent "seafood" flavor made it obvious that it wasn't made with the freshest ingredients. The brie and butternut squash quiche ($12.95) was a whole, round, individual-sized quiche. The flaky, crispy crust was the highlight of dish. Not wanting a dish that was too heavy, the lobster tartine ($17.95) was the way to go. Unfortunately, the creamy, citrus flavors dominated the taste of the dish.. . The restaurant is family-friendly. Yes, they've got a kid's menu. The chicken fingers and fries ($6.95) come in a TV-dinner-style tray with three large, thickly coated pieces of chicken, apple slices, green beans, and ketchup. So, if you're looking for a somewhat upscale place with good food to bring the family, Mon Ami Gabi is a good bet. And, of course, if you're on a date, you can't beat the outdoor dining.. . 3.5 Stars
*Solid place, steak frites variety is great (many different ways to get it done) and the oysters were BC (which is awesome as we all know). *Spot on service and they make a MEAN martini. *reasonable prices
We ate here once before but I'm a slacker that didn't review until visit number two. But, I am happy to say visit two was just as wonderful as number one.. . I came here for one main reason: the first time I came I saw a group of three European dudes enjoying their lunch like it was their last and I covent my neighbors steak frites. So, yesterday I made reservations at 1:30 for a late lunch. . . When you order they bring you a baguette for crusty French bread. Thank you, thank you, thank you. It was chilly outside and this was a real treat. We started with some wine. I had the house Merlot which was surprisingly nice for a $8 a glass house wine. Hubby wanted a sauv blanc and the waitress brought two bottles out and had him try each to see which one he liked better. THAT, my friends, is service. . . Hubby claimed not to be that hungry and ordered one of the specials: French grilled cheese with frites. Now, this seems simple but it had double cream Brie, arugula, avocado and bacon. It was stupid. Crunchy, ooey, gooey, and rich as hell. . . I got the Steak Roquefort. I felt more than gluttonous when I saw the couple next to me share my lunch. Yeah, I can eat. The only reason I didn't give this five stars is that my steak was a little colder than I would like. Granted I ordered it medium rare but it seemed a little room temp like it sat there waiting for my husband's lunch. The frites were totally different. Think wonton chip like potato strips. I really really wanted a side of blue cheese sauce to dip them in. I was too afraid to ask for it as I thought that may move me from glutton to heathen. . . All in all, a loaf of bread, three glasses of wine and two entrees,one of which involved steak came to $73 and the service was impeccable. Not kidding, I loved this girl. We have no idea what her name was but she was Asian and had cute glasses. She was charming. . . I cannot wait to go back. I want to try everything on the menu. Twice. And not in one sitting, though I thought about it.
I come here every time I go to Vegas. Love the ambiance, love the view, and LOVE the food! Great qualityof food and that fancy restaurant feel without an exorbitant price.
Fantastic food inside Paris Las Vegas.  Had the Filet which was spectacular.  Wonderful service that you'd expect for the price range.  Highly recommended!
I was having such a hard time finding the perfect place for me, myself and I the other night while my husband was attending a conference in Vegas.  I finally decided that I'd treat myself to a little romantic view of Bellagio fountains and came upon Mon Ami Gabi.  The wait time was pretty long for a single gal, but I put my name in for the outside area with the promise of 45 minutes.  Inside seating was about the same, however after I checked in I realized they seat via open table.  I then made a reservation for 15 minutes later and when I went to the hostess, she said she could seat me at that time (which was about 30 minutes earlier than what I was previously quoted so...internet res's have priority?). . Anyway, I opted to wait the extra time just to have the view and dang it was really worth it!!  I had basically front and center to the beautiful fountain show.  I ordered a burger (I know, right?) - French cuisine isn't really my thing.  I did enjoy the carrot salad and bread and splurged on a glass of rose that was the perfect complement to my solo dining adventure.
All I can say is "Wow!". Of course, $74 plus tip plus valet for breakfast for 2 should create a lot of Wow. And it did.. Seems even for breakfast, reservations a must.. Would have given it 5 stars but the walk from valet to the restaurant was a bit tiresome. Still, that's what one ought to expect in Las Vegas. At least we didn't have to walk through the casino to get to the restaurant.. We went to Bouchon for dinner, and I have a feeling Mon Ami Gabi would compare favorably.
Great ambiance...great food and an excellent server. The braised lamb was delicious and the brie, honey and garlic appetizer was a great starter. Our server was absolutely awesome- extremely attentive and very knowledgeable. We asked his opinion between two wines and even though one was only available by the glass he gave us the bottle and even offered multiple tastings of like selections. Classy, lively and filling. Definitely recommend it!
Totally unexpected  -  had a great breakfast here outside, overlooking the strip.. . Service very good; interior decor unexpectedly large and awesome; food was *great* - they really nailed it, in fact.  One of the best renditions of French Onion Soup I've ever tasted anywhere, and the coffee was Intelligentsia (also Chicago - just like Lettuce Entertain You that owns Mon Ami Gabi) - which is unexpectedly great coffee in the center of The Strip.. . Prices are *extremely* reasonable given the location.. . Re: the other reviews - Yes, I love the fancy steakhouses too - this doesn't try to be them - but the food is well-executed and head and shoulders above Denny's or IHOP. :)  No, nobody is going to confuse this with actually being in Paris.... . Really looking forward to going back for Dinner on my next trip.
Wednesday November 21, 2012. . UPDATE : As you read the review below, please take the following into account. I was personally contacted by phone, by the manager of Mon Abi Gami, Constantin Alexander, who was sincerely apologetic and made a nice offer to make it right which we will accept.. . He was able to find my number through my online reservation.. . Hats off to Constantin at Mon Ami Gabi for caring about customer service ! I'll adjust the rating accordingly.. . ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. . My original review ....Visited 7PM Monday November 19, 2012. . Like everyone these days, we are short on funds and time. So, when we went to Vegas for a short 2 day vacation (our first in five years) we spent a lot of time researching where we were going to dine.. . Reviews looked good for Mon Ami Gabi - so we decided to treat ourselves.. . We made a reservation, arrived early and asked to be placed on the patio waiting list. We did have a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains. . . For appetizer, I had the French Onion soup. It was good, but nothing special. We make better at home. I was surprised at how fast it came out. I thought that would be great. but..... . Our salads came out almost immediately too, it was average too, and our entree only a few short minutes after the salads arrived. Way too fast, like they were trying to turn tables which is strange because there was no wait for walk ins when we left.. . Part of the way into the steak, which was also OK but not worth the price - think Outback grade steak - they turned on the overhead heaters built into the building. We were very comfortable outside before but these were so hot, my forehead felt like it was burning and my wife became ill.. . When I called them manager over, I told him we'd like to stay , have desert and relax but it was so hot we were going to have to leave. He just said "We turn those on to suit the needs of the entire patio, and someone always complains about them being hot.". . What he didn't do was invite us to come back inside and have desert, maybe at a slight discount even, at one of the many empty tables, or apologize in the least. Hmmm... he obviously didn't know or care how long I'd waited and saved to have a nice dinner and getaway with my wife.. . The good parts - the frittes (french fries) - were really good as was the free bread... all else very average. The responsiveness to the customer, way below average. It was also quite pricy. For that price we were expecting exceptional, not everage.. . Just FYI - the night before we dined off the strip at  the Brio Tuscan Grill just south of the Strip in Town Square. It far exceeded expectations. Each item we had was wonderful, perfectly timed. We spent $40 less there and had TWICE as good an experience.. . We did decide we'll get to Vegas more, maybe a couple of times a year, guess where we will be having dinner....? We'll go to Brio and then watch the Bellagio fountains from the sidewalk. I am sure it will be a much better experience all the way around.. . Besides my repeat business, they also lost the business of a $100 gift card we were going to buy for our Son for when he and his girlfriend come to Vegas in February.. . My guess would be, like so many businesses these days, they don't really care. I'll send them a copy of this and bet that I never hear back..... . Just FYI.. I TRIED to email them, but their contact system does not work properly.. oh well, I guess snail mail will have to do
Their signature dish, steak frites, is excellent and I get it everytime I eat here. The skate was great also (I have never had skate anywhere outside of France and this was better than what we had on the seashore in France!).  Their service is outstanding and their fresh bagettes are worthy of a Parisian bistro!!!  Keep up the good work.
Went twice for breakfast - much easier to get in early.  The patio seating in nice - especially for people watching, but a good meal can be had anywhere inside.. . The eggs benedict and steak and eggs were huge, and the muffins are pretty tasty and filling too.  The make-your-own Bloody Mary's is a fun diversion - you're your own best or worst enemy there.. . Friendly hostesses and servers, lots of life and activity.  Great laid back restaurant.
I felt just like I was back in Paris.. . Mon Ami Gabi is just across the street from the Bellagio fountains, in (you guessed it!) the Paris Las Vegas Hotel and Casino.  As you walk in, you get the sense that there are multiple layers of this bistro.  First, wooden booths and a truly "inside" feel, and then you step into the atrium, which has lots of light and round cafe tables.  Or, you could continue outside to the patio with a great view of the Strip and the fountain show (or in my case, protestors).  Depends on your mood and the weather!. . We started with a mini carafe of the St. Germaine cocktail - so refreshing and it filled both of our glasses, twice.  Then we ordered the duck confit, which was tasty but maybe a little under-seasoned.  I did enjoy my open-faced tuna melt with artichokes and olives, and my man's seafood crepes were excellent.  The presentation was also worthy of an Instagram photo posted to Facebook.  Nothing like a little food porn to liven up the scene!. . And the service:  our waiter Jose was good enough to warrant a compliment to his boss.   He had this way of just making everything perfect, and we had the sense that he genuinely wanted to meet all of our needs.  When he told us he'd see us at breakfast (slick ploy for repeat business) I truly wanted to be there the next day - I just couldn't wake up in time!
We've been here a few times in the past for lunch and keep coming back.  This place is really good and we always leave happy.  We ordered the Croque Monsieur (sandwich), Steak Bordelaise, and a Caesar salad.  All were great and the servers were very attentive as well.  They have outside seating too, which is perfect at lunch time in November.  The sun was out and temperature at lunch was in the low 70's.  If you go on a Sunday, the fountains at the Bellagio just across the way provide added entertainment too.  We love this place.
One of my favorite places on the Strip. The food is nice and I love the potato Frite's, they are like the super skinny, thin and crispy-crunchy fries you look for. The service staff is extremely gracious and lovely. Wherever you are seated within the restaurant its got charm and great atmosphere! I will be back here every single time I come to Las Vegas, I am planning on it!!!
Very good, you should seat outdoor.
This place was absolutely amazing! From the ambiance of a cafe in Paris, to every bite of food, everything was top notch. Dining here was the best culinary experience in Vegas.  There was a reason why the bill came to nearly $55 just for lunch. . The french onion soup was the best I've ever had, too bad I can't eat that everyday. The corned beef and poached eggs was to die for, freshly cut corned beef that is. I love that they give you bread right of the oven! The frangia was delicious, french wine mixed with grand mariner and fruit. My bf ordered the quise and a banana muffin, also out of this world. Again, he could eat their banana muffins everyday.  I was thoroughly impressed with this restaurant and I will be returning the next time I'm in Vegas.. Lastly, the prices were actually reasonable for Vegas. Your not always going to find the best restaurants solely in the hotel your staying at, venture out onto the strip and see what Vegas has to offer.
This place is pretty god, and the price is not bad as well. If you come here get seating on the patio if the wait is not too long. It is nice in the fact you are across the way from the Bellagio and you can see the fountain show while you eat. Also if it is a cold night they do keep it nice and warm with all of their heat lamps. . . I had a steak with a blue cheese butter which was very good, and we shared a duck appetizer that was very good, and just fell off the bone without a knife. If your looking for a good meal at a not too bad price try giving this place a shot.
I went to Mon Ami Gabi for dinner with my boyfriend. We didn't have a reservation and the hostess told us it would be a 45-60 minute wait, but we got in after only 20 minutes. We had a great seat outdoors with a great view of the Bellagio Fountains.. . Service: Our waitress was very friendly and attentive.. . Food: The bread we got at the beginning of the meal was not warm and was so hard that we couldn't eat it. We received a small plate "compliments of the chef" with two small quail eggs topped with caviar. SO DELICIOUS! Not sure if it was on the menu, but I would've loved to have more.. . We shared the filet mignon. It was perfectly cooked and extremely tender! The pommes frites were seasoned nicely and complemented the dish. We also ordered a side of garlic spinach. It had just the right amount of garlic flavor without overpowering the spinach. My Shirley Temple was one of the best I've ever had at ANY restaurant!. . Overall, we had an exceptional dining experience filled with delicious food and great service!
I was really excited to eat here last weekend while I was in Vegas with my girlfriends. I had come here back in June with my boyfriend but I happened to get super sick that day, so I couldn't eat anything. I wasn't about to let anything stand in my way this time! It was my best friends birthday celebration so we made a reservation and headed over to Paris. There was a wait as they said they were running behind, so we grabbed a buzzer and waited about 5 minutes. We were shown to our table which was right next to a window (and a vent)...us being girls and ready for a night on the town, our party dresses weren't exactly adequate for the temperature in there. We were frozen but determined to enjoy ourselves. We actually ended up asking if we could be moved because the inner part of the restaurant was a lot warmer, and there were some empty tables. Our server told us that the restaurant was full but she could bring us napkins/tablecloths to wrap ourselves in. WTF??? We ended up moving to the table right beside ours which offered some mild relief. We ordered drinks and started with the warm brie as an appie. and it was amazing. The bread brought to our table was rock hard and difficult to eat/cut...after we had a few pieces, our server took our plates before we got the Brie so we had nothing to eat on. For our mains I ordered the beef medallions wrapped in bacon, they were awesome. All of the food tasted heavenly, but our server never once returned to our table to ask how things were. We actually had to flag her down at one point because we were finished and one of us wanted to order something else. They did bring out a little dessert with a candle for my besties birthday, which I thought was sweet. The food was truly exceptional but the service was pretty brutal. However, I'll likely come back to sit on the patio for that gorgeous view. Perhaps we just had an off night with a bad server.
Our waiter was laying on the French accent thing really really thick. I thought he was faking it for the benefit of the tourists, but when he started conversing with the Quebecois to at the next table i realized he was legit.  Food was great, the fries that come with the steake frites are a thin chip like version, I'd prefer thicker shoestring ones, but a small quibble.
A breathtaking view at the top of the Eiffel + dinner at Mon Ami Gabi after = romantic date! . . And that is exactly what my hubby and I did one weekend in Vegas! He took me up to the top of the tower and saw the whole city of Las Vegas! The view was aaaaamazing! . . We dined in for dinner late Sunday night and there was numerous of vacant seats indoor. It was freezing outside and there were more patrons seated outdoor than indoor! Well, thank goodness for those warm heat lamps! We chose to sit outdoors on the patio next to one of those heat lamps! The location of this restaurant is great because it sits right in front of Bellagio's water show. It was nice to see what water dance every 15 minutes. :). . Okay, so the dinner. We ordered smoked salmon with cream cheese as an appetizer and for our entrees I ordered their giant scallops and my hubby ordereda steak. The smoked salmon was super delish and very fresh. I can honestly say this is probably one of my favorite appetizers. My scallops were just as good. Very soft and flavorful.  My entree also came with mashed potatoes topped with brussel sprouts. Who would have known that the combination of the two would be very tasty?! My hubby enjoyed his steak though he thinks it tasted mediocre. . . Our server was very generous. I asked for hot water (since it was so cold!) and he made sure my water was warm throughout the night. He even replaced my pot of hot water with a new one! He was very attentive and took good care of us! :) . . This is a place I would recommend for others to try. I would love to come back for brunch one day considering it's high reviews!
Mon Ami gabi does a consistently good job serving bistro fare in a bistro atmosphere. . . This is Vegas Strip; how many 1000s of plates do they serve a day? I think it would be unfair to compare to your favorite petite Paris boite, no?. . That said, we've always had great cocktails, sparkling wine and sandwiches. The creamless celery root soup is delicious. Also like the presentation of the fries. . . Atmopsphere in the inner patio is actually more pleasant than the outside patio, unless you want to gawk at tube tops and frozen drinks. However, I must say, this restaurant is the *only* reason to come to Paris -- the casino and hotel itself seems very downmarket and dowdy (and yes, I have been to Eiffel Tower restaurant).
I came here for breakfast twice now and Its D E L I C I O U S and sitting outside on the balcony to see the bellagio fountains show adds a awesome touch the the atmosphere.
Fantastic Brunch with great views and good service. . We stopped in around 12 on Saturday and there was a line for the patio seating. We were hungry so we opted to sit anywhere, but we ended up with a seat against the window, facing the Bellagio fountains. Much better than outside!. . We both had the Eggs Benedict with hash browns and I thought it was really good. Good size meal, decently priced, mimosas and a view! what else could you want?
had the chicken grandmere and a side of sauteed mushrooms.  mushrooms were awesomeeeeee.  the chicken was ok.  it was a little dry but some parts were so juicy.  my friends had the filet mignon and one of the steaks and they loved it
My friends and I came here for brunch/lunch and didn't have to wait long for a table.  It gets packed on the weekends so make reservation if you have a large group!. . It has a nice ambience to the place.  Seat indoor or outdoor.  You get a great view if seated outdoor in the shades.  . . Service is great...our waitress is attentive to our needs and if we want something extra or water, she gets it to us right away.  Excellent service!. . The price is pretty reasonable.. . We ordered and tried the following:. *Onion Soup Au Gratin - It's like you're class French onion soup but even yummier.  The grueyere cheese just melts in your mouth (5/5). . *Chicken, Broccoli & Cheese Crepe - It's your classic crepe..delicious and with just the right flavor.  (4/5). . *Steak Frites - Apparently it's what some were raving about so overall, it was pretty delicious!  Well marinated and savory.  (5/5). . *Sea Scallops Gratinees - It's mixed with caramelized fennel, onion marmalade, and mussel cream.  Sounds yummy?  Yes indeed!  Well-seasoned flavors to go with the sea scallops. (5/5). . *Endive & Roquefort Cheese Salad - fresh ingredients..you can definitely taste the freshness!  The roasted barlette pears they added into the salad makes it even yummier! (bonus point) (5/5). . So stop by Mon Ami Gabi if you're ever in Vegas to enjoy some yummy food! =)
First off, food was great.  I ordered the Steak Bordelaise and it was solidly cooked and seasoned.  Had a little bit of everyone else's food and that was good too.  I only had one gripe about this place.  I don't know if it was me or because I had one too many glasses of scotch but is it too dark in there?!?
Great burger and REALLY good fries,,, they're flat strips, kind of a mix between chips and fries...nice outdoor seating area along the strip and our server was wonderful!
We arrived around 11 am for a leisurely Saturday brunch on a sunny morning.  We were secretly hoping we could sit out on the beautiful open patio to soak up some Vitamin D, but the 45-minute wait almost put the ravenous D and E over the edge.  Thankfully, the patio waiting list is separate from the rest of the restaurant, and we walked right in and were seated immediately.. . The front part of the restaurant near the host stand is quite dim, which could be intimate and romantic in the evening but was a bit of a downer for the morning.  Which is why we were thrilled when were seated close to the glass window-ed atrium, adjacent to the patio.  Our server was courteous and kind, bringing us extra brunch menus and then rounding up breakfast menus when we admitted we were hoping to get a late breakfast.  By the time we ordered, he had no qualms about all of us getting breakfast at 11:30, even though the kitchen technically stopped serving breakfast at 11.. . Our table enjoyed beef hash (with poached eggs!), quiche lorraine, smoked salmon eggs benedict and a mushroom omelette.  The hash brown potatoes served with the egg dishes were crispy, light and simply one of the best we've had.  I was surprised by the light custard texture of my quiche lorraine and enjoyed the chewy chunks of bacon.  However, 3/4 of the way through, I found the rich flavors a bit overwhelming.  The fresh and lightly dressed frisee was an excellent side to my quiche.  Maybe the quiche was just too big of a portion for me?. . D and E would not stop talking about their beef hash.  They were clearly in love with their dishes.  The coffee was tasty, and the warm crusty baguette they served us while we waited for our dishes was such a relief for our growling bellies.  They amply refilled our bread supply and included a great jam to spread on top.  I tucked the rest of the baguette in my purse as a snack, since they bring the baguette to your table in a paper sleeve, as if it came straight from the farmers market! . . Though the interior is quite upscale and nice, there were a good number of families with kids and casual diners to keep the atmosphere from feeling too stuffy. :P
We were lucky enough to get a table on the patio. The rest of the restaurant is quite dark, but the sunroom is also really nice if there's no space on the patio.. . We were here for brunch/lunch, so I ordered the quiche lorraine. My friends shared the escargot, and had the chicken crepe, croque monsieur, and chicken and brie sandwich.. . Everything tasted great, but didn't wow us. Like most French food, everything was quite rich, so it was a pretty heavy lunch. I loved the fries; they were thin and crunchy.. . We also shared a pitcher of frangria, which was quite strong (we're not huge red wine drinkers), but with some added lime juice it tasted much better.. . Would love to come back to try their steak.
So I'm on the plane to Vegas, and the d-bag in the row ahead of me is plastered and hitting on two girls. He keeps coyly suggesting they hang out when we arrive in Sin City. . . One of the girls coos, "Where would we go?" (bats lashes). . He tells her, "Whenever I meet a beautiful girl in this city, I like to take her to Mon Ami Gabi. The food is amazing, it's not that expensive, and it's very romantic...". . "Sounds nice," purrs the other. Both girls giggle. . . Once upon a time I would have rolled my eyes and rifled through the seat compartment for a vomit bag, but more mature these days, my vexation was overpowered by the prospect of a killer restaurant recommendation. Amazing food? Not expensive? Romantic? Sold! . . Three days after I landed, I managed to convince some pals to join me for a late lunch at this Mon Ami. We all ordered the steak frites, which arrived rare and in slices. It was very tasty, fries and all. I also ordered a cocktail that had gin in it, but the name escapes me. I loved it. . . We were seated in a hexagonal greenhouse gazebo type thing, white, with all windows. It was quite lovely, actually. I can see why it works for whatshisface. . . And to think- I never would have found this place if not for the seedy drunk guy on my flight.. . Moral of the story: Eavesdrop more, to your advantage.
This was a lovely place to kill an hour before my flight. I snagged a coveted patio table and basked in the November sun. It was too early to see the fountains of Bellagio but if they were on, this is a nice way to view them.. . Service was very attentive and the one item I tried -- an egg and smoked salmone tartine, was delightfully delicious and light. Open faced egg salad, smoked salmon deliciousness on crusty bread. Their baguette is superb, too and the prices are reasonable.. . Cons: They close early in the evening weekdays.
4.5 stars.. . seated almost right away as a walk-in during brunch. got a nice privately located corner booth spot. service was very good and attentive, and menu offered lots to choose from. . . corned beef and hash was delicious, one of the best I've had, though I wouldn't preferred my egg slightly more runny. butter lettuce and arugula salad was perfect, light and refreshing, the pate with toast provided a very large portion, but the pate itself was a little bland and dry which was the reason for the -.5. . . other than that our waiter was very helpful and made some good recommendations on non-alcoholic drinks.
Wonderful service, great atmosphere.  We had a great time.
You know over the course of several years Ive revisited Mon Ami on several occasions and each time has gotten better than the last. I used to laughingly refer to Mon Ami as the Olive Garden of French restaurants, homogenized versions of French bistro classics. But as I grow older and (hopefully) wiser Ive found that this isn't really the case. Yes this is a chain but they do try to do their best with what they do. I re-read my previous review (2008) and wow did I just sound like an arrogant dick. I apologize for that and sure I could delete it but think its much better left to show a contrast of me growing up. . . Now with all that being said, I have to say that I always crave their ribeye steak slathered in deliciously sweet bordelaise sauce when we visit. This is Vegas and there are loads of steakhouses pretty much everywhere but for the price point this steak is a great value as well as a great taste! Its slightly fatty, beefy richness is cooked exactly how I love it, medium rare. This IMHO is the only steak on the menu to order. While the lesser priced steaks are alright its only a few bucks more for the ribeye. . . If you haven't tried it, the goat cheese and tomato sauce appetizer is super tasty. Creamy goat cheese melts into the tomato sauce fortifying it with amazing flavor. It comes with a slab of garlic butter soaked bread which is kind of greasy so I opted for hot fresh baguette. The frisee, kale and bacon salad make for an awesome salad that's covered with a single poached egg. You know you can put warmed egg yolks on anything and it'll taste good. The dressing is nicely acid with a slight sweetness that cuts the bacon and egg richness. So good.. . Who knows, maybe my supposed standards have gone down or perhaps, just perhaps, good food is just good food no matter where it comes from. Regardless of the case one (me) doesn't need to act like an arrogant bitch about it.
My daughter recommended and brought me here. I really enjoyed both brunch and Bellagio fountain show. . . Reserved on the Open table, we arrived 30minutes earlier. But, we seated promptly at the patio. It was about at noon and there were very crowded. They have many kinds of seating area. Every table was a nice setting.. . They gave us baguette and butter. very tasty. We ordered croche madame, cheese gratin, two mimosas. I really liked gratin in particular because it was very flavorful and crunch. Mimosa was very fresh. . . One thing i was really difficult was that i was really hot because the heater was really hot and my hair was almost burnt. I knew the weather was really cold but, the heating was too much.
If you are in the area and want good if pricey "French" cuisine, try this out. I highly recommend getting a reservation as much as possible, though, particularly when the tourist season is in full swing. I overheard others complaining of waiting over 30 minutes, I was able to be seated in 15 with my reservation. The waiters were attentive and very patient with the harried diners. It's well located along the Strip, facing the Bellagio where you can catch the light and water show every night, or just do some people watching. Now for their raison d'etre. The baguette is fresh out of the oven so that was a nice plus. The steak frites were fabulous. Their frites are different from any I have ever had before. The steak was well seasoned but nothing spectacular, I have had great steaks for less. You are paying for the ambience, after all. Come with deep pockets and reasonable expectations and you will not be disappointed. Bon appetit!
Make *sure* you have breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi while in Vegas -- A.M.A.Z.I.N.G. I think the best breakfast I have ever had. I mean ever. A bright, sunny, cool Christmas morning and we sat outside under the heatlamps. Perfect. The seating indoors was very French, but too dark for my liking. Especially for breakfast.. . The service came with a smile, but was a little slow. Fine with me, though, as we weren't in a rush. I had french toast, eggs, and bacon. Toast was topped with almost frozen blueberries and once dipped in the warm maple syrup, just melted in my mouth. Divine. The bacon was sinfully good. Oy. You must go!. . P.S. My mother had a bloody mary and she said it was the best she had ever had!
My family and I had dinner here and the wait was ridiculous! But that just goes to show you how many people want to eat here. So TIP#1: make a reservation! Unfortunately, reservations are only for the inside dining, so if you wish to sit outside and have a view of the Bellagio watershow, you have to patiently wait for that. . . They served us with fresh bread in a paper bag with chilled butter and this carrot concoction. I tried to figure out what the carrot spread was, but to no avail. It was delicious though! . . I ordered the Steak Frites Classique and other people in my party ordered the salmon and their special fish. The steak was cooked just as I had asked, and the frites were thinly sliced and very crispy. The salmon was flaky and flavorful. Lastly, the special fish (I forget what kind) was amazing. I wish I asked what kind it was. They left the skin on, which usually does not satisfy my tastes, but this time I fully appreciated it. . For dessert, we ordered the chocolate tart with salted caramel ice cream and creme brulee. Though both were flavorful and delicious, they were smaller than I expected. . . Overall, it was both good service and food. I will definitely come here again!
I love the european cafe scene and what better place to embrace that than vegas on the strip. enjoy a drink and tasty food while seeing he town and the cleintel it brings in. Awesome view of the Belagio show with a coctail and a fun do it yourself bloody mary bar!
Delicious and great service!  Solid wine list.  . . The French onion soup is some of the best I've ever had. Salads are delicious.  Great atmosphere, too.. . They have a long line of heaters for outdoor seating (thank god, because it FREEZES in the winter!!).
We had the Onion soup, goat cheese, sea scallops, Trout Almondine and Fillet Mignon with Bearnaise sauce.  The Onion Soup is is definitely a must.  I always get the OS when I go here.  The Goat Cheese with Garlic Bread was a welcome treat.  It was unique and very flavorful.  The Fillet was very good and enhanced with the Bearnaise sauce.  The Sea Scallops were very tasty and cooked just right.  The Trout Almondine was surprising very good.  Not a bog trout fan but I tried it and really enjoyed it.  The service was perfect as we were well taken care of.  Had a couple of drinks which were very good.  The patio area is really nice and perfect for couples.  A great place to share with someone special...
My friends and I were starving so we trekked to Mon Ami Gabi for Sunday brunch. There was a 30-40 minute wait for the patio but no line to dine inside. We didn't mind sitting inside. It's elegant and not as dark once your eyes adjust to the lighting. Our waitress was attentive and was able to help us choose our dishes. We all thoroughly enjoyed our food but I think my grilled salmon salad was the best pick. I think we were in and out in less than an hour. Perfect!
I enjoy going to this French Bistro everytime I am visiting Las Vegas. I just enjoy the location, the menu, and the food. Sometimes, it is a miss, but I still really enjoy coming back to Mon Ami Gabi. It is super quaint as one can sit inside or outside. I usually prefer outside seating, but then it gets too sunny. But I still love it.. . * Onion Soup Au Gratin Baked with Gruyere Cheese $8.95 (5 of 5) Yummy. So much cheese. I love it. It is one of my favorite places to order French Onion Soup. . * Sea Scallops Gratinees with Caramelized Fennel & Onion Marmalade, Mussel Cream $12.95 (3.5 of 5) So cute. I didn't realize they made stainless steel scallop plates so they canput the scallop into the oven. Fresh and tasty. But more pieces would make me happier.. * Steak Au Poivre-brandy peppercorn sauce with Signature Hand Cut Fries $25.95 (4 of 5) This steak is flattened, so don't expect it to be a thick cut. Looks like a piece of liver, but tastes like a piece of juicy steak. Very unique to this restaurant and pretty tasty. But I don't favor their choice of cut fries. It is like flattened cuts of potatoe. Not to my liking. . * Maine Lobster Roll toasted brioche roll with Gaufrette Potato Chips $17.95 (4 of 5) Fresh and tasty. The roll was soft and lightly buttered toasted. Very delicate but held the lobster meat quite well. No complaints here and I enjoyed their Gaufrette Potato Chips on this dish more than the Signature Hand Cut Fries. . . This is one of my preferred restaurants on the Las Vegas strip. I really enjoy this bistro and always down to bring others to try this place.
A little bit of Paris, smack dab in the middle of the Strip.  It's a perfect lunch spot with a grand view of the Bellagio fountains.  Unfortunately, the fountains don't start running until 3 p.m., so I guess if you're here in the summer, come for an early dinner (and avoid the lunch time heat if you're on the patio), if you're here in the winter, just come for lunch, minus the active fountains.  Don't be scared, they have heat lamps everywhere.  . . For seating, try to request either the open air patio or the enclosed glass ceiling bistro area (does remind me of bistro floors in Paris, only cleaner and brighter).  The formal seating area inside is dark and gives off that reddish brown light of a stuffy steakhouse.  If the restaurant isn't packed full, then you're safe, because they default to seating people outside or in the bright covered area.  . . I started with a Frangria, which I'm sure is not French.  It's red sangria that had good fruity/sweet balance and was inexpensive.  . . Heavily recommended by my server was the French Onion Soup (which I normally love), but I didn't order it because I would've been too stuffed.  Next time.  Our server was very attentive.  . . I had the Steak Frites/Steak Au Poivre (brandy peppercorn sauce, $25.95) medium rare.  The steak is big flat piece, smothered with peppercorn sauce.  It was tender, juicy, and flavorful.  The steak frites are definitely worth getting, just pick your preferred sauce (butter, caramelized onion with red wine reduction, peppercorn, blue cheese).  . . The frites/fries that accompany the steak are thinnish potato shavings that curl a bit after frying.  Have you ever tried Pik-Nik Ketchup Fries from your grocery store?  Their cut reminded me of that, except they have more give on the inside from fresh frying.  Unique, yes.  I can see how some people would love these fries while others might hate them.  . . She had the Grilled Salmon and Spinach Salad with avocados, blueberries, walnuts and citrus dressing ($17.95).  The salad was a solid choice, the citrus salmon played well with the avocados and blueberries.  . . We were here for lunch.  If you come for dinner, you get more choices on the steak cuts.  Added choices include filet mignon, hanger, New York strip and bone-in rib eye.  . . This is a very relaxing place to have a meal with one of the grandest views in all of Vegas, I can't wait to come back!
The only comfort food on the strip as far as I'm concerned. Very good wine list at reasonable prices, too. Can be a long wait if you hit it at the wrong time, though. And service, like everywhere in Las Vegas, is hit or miss, but never terrible.
Mon Ami Gabi, located in Paris Casino, is a little expensive but oh so worth it. It's just lovely. The patio is the only place I recommend sitting, with its awesome view of Bellagio and a palm tree lined street. Service was friendly and quick. Recommended!
Loved the ambience. Hot bread to start with a fantastic carrot spread. I ordered the merlot filet mignon medium. It came out medium rare, which was a little too much for my tastes, but was still delicious. It came with a side of their house made fries which were amazing. They almost tasted like a hybrid between a French fry and a potato chip. The hostesses were very nice, but our waitress was pretty silent after we ordered. Would love to come back and try other things.
A nice average/above average French restaurant in the Paris hotel, with reasonable prices. However it ranks high because of the genuine cultural ambiance and the lack of attitude and pretentiousness along with reasonable prices, all rare in Vegas. The onion soup was good - not great but very good. The escargots were very nicely spiced and arrived sizzling hot. The "sushi grade" ahi tuna was fairly fresh although not extremely fresh and the spicing with pepper was a tiny bit off. Scallops were good although very slightly undercooked in the center. It's important to say, that all of the food was very edible and enjoyable and these are just quibbles. Espresso drinks were actually good, not the watery swill you get elsewhere in Vegas. For 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, alcohol for one, and 2 espresso drinks, the tab was $93, which I thought was very reasonable. Appetizers are around $10-12 and main entrees are around $18-22. The service was excellent and professional and quick. We got to sit on the patio and watch the fountains and the people walking by. Very fun and a break from being in a dark cavern inside somewhere. By the way we have eaten here three times and keep coming back because there doesn't seem to be another outdoor bistro quite like this on the Strip.
I may have given this place 5 stars if we didn't choose to sit outside in 50-degree weather, under their not-that-hot hot lamps. Being cold makes me grouchy.. . In any case, the food was good. I got the spinach and green veggie omelet (with jarlsberg cheese). It was really, really good--very buttery, to warn you. It comes with a great hunk of fresh bread and AWESOME hash browns. I asked for a side of fruit too.. . The service was really good, the kind of good where the waitress was bringing me a new iced tea before I even finished the current glass. Prices are pretty good for Vegas. It's hard to find a place to eat that isn't smack in the middle of a casino. This felt like an actual standalone restaurant.
So, just visiting las Vegas and ended up having lunch at this place. My family was very pleased with their food (mussels, macaronni gratin and quiche). Im vegetarian and my options were more restricted, their onion soup was awesome (with a lot of cheese) and salad (kind of simple).
Mon Ami Gabi is practically a landmark. In fact, this place is so deeply-engrained in my childhood memories that I can hardly imagine thinking about Vegas without being reminded about this restaurant. Yes... I spent a lot of time in Vegas as a child, don't ask me why.. . Despite the fact that Mon Ami Gabi is probably one of the most tourist-populated restaurants on the Strip, the food here is actually quite food and affordable. I have very fond memories of their croque monsieur, mussels and frites, crepes and benedicts. . . What I was actually very pleasantly surprised by on my recent return with the bf however, was the level of service at this constantly bustling place. Our server (who lived in Chicago for a while, as we learned) was cordial, attentive, and absolutely accommodating. Not only was it a breath of fresh air from the typical customer service in Manhattan, but it was even impressive for Vegas standards. Well, the olive tapenade with ricotta and toast, seafood crepe, and my frisee and kale salad with warm bacon and poached egg weren't too shabby either. . . Add to that the beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains either from the patio seating or brightly-lit pavilion section, and Mon Ami Gabi really is one of the best places to relax after a crazy night.. . Hmm, I guess I had pretty decent taste even as a small child. Ha.
Thought the food was tasty. Unlike everything else in Vegas, the portions aren't huge, but they are tasty. And the location can't be beat.
we have eaten here a few times. Dinner, Lunch, and Brunch. Eating here is all about the view. You can reserve a table across from Bellagio's Water fountains and it is heaven. The food is good too.
Located inside the Paris Hotel and Casino, this is a very nicely-apportioned restaurant with a truly French theme. And I'm a "fair" judge of this, having dined in several parts of France, including Paris (pssst wanna know a secret? They're not rude to you in Paris!). . . Food and service were good. I had a steak sandwich, my wife had a steak salad. Guess we like steak. . . The only thing I now don't like is the location. I say "now" because it's changed over the years, it's changed just outside on the sidewalk. It used be be just full of tourists (like me) walking to and fro. Now it is overrun - TRULY - overrun with all kinds pushy sales people. And I don't even mean the ones with kiosks. I mean shady characters holding clipboards, selling jewelry, etc. . . If they were legit, why wouldn't they be set up in an office somewhere? I got hit up no fewer than 10 times on my way into the restaurant, and my way out. It ruined the experience for my wife and she kindly asked that we not go back. . . But can't ding the restaurant for what they can't control, so four stars it is.
Excellent food! Had the steak frites with the burgundy wine and onion sauce and was absolutely delicious. Everyone in the party was thrilled with their food and the service we received. My only complaint is that we made a reservation well in advance and they wanted a deposit. We also specifically requested an outdoor table for a party of 7 and we were seated at a table that was clearly designed for 5 max right by the door. They would not move us to a bigger table that was open during the majority of our meal. Would definitely come back despite this issue!
Food was great and service was very good. One of our guest ordered brussels sprouts with his meal and never got it. That is why they did not get 5 stars.
Wanted a brunch place that wasn't a buffet.  This place hit the spot.  . . I started with some coffee, which I desperately needed to keep warm.  We were seated outside under heat lamps but with the winter wind, it was still quite chilly.  I got the turkey and egg white omelet and added Jarlsberg.  It wouldn't have been as awesome without the cheese.  Glad I remembered to add it.  Didn't even miss the yolks, but probably negated any of the health benefits of getting an egg white omelet by adding cheese...oh well.  It was yummy.  And, I had to indulge in the build your own Bloody Mary bar.  That was delish!
even the seafood was delicious... I had the frangria. very good as well
Went here for an early 5 PM dinner before a 7 PM show. Got seated right away and got to sit on the patio...on a Friday night. That was exciting. The service was great. We both ordered dirty martinis with blue cheese olives which were delicious. We ordered the escargot and warm brie for appetizers. The escargot is buttery, cheesy delicious! I recommend it! The warm brie was good, but the escargot was the highlight. My husband ordered the filet with merlot sauce. It was delicious and cooked perfectly. I had the endive salad which was actually a quite beautiful presentation and tasted delicious as well. For desert we had the creme brulee which was as good as I've had in a while. Overall we were very happy with this place, we had a delicious dinner, made it to our show in plenty of time, sat outside and watched the 'interesting' people on the strip...all for about $130.00. With the way that most restaurants over charge in Vegas, especially on the strip, this was a great place for a great price. We will be back!
3.5 stars. My two sisters and I arrived way before our reservation time but still managed to be seated early. After asking our server to explain the steaks and the different sauces, he proceeded to only explain how the steaks were made and not how they differed in taste. My sisters ordered the Steak Au Poivre and the Steak Bordelaise. They were delicious, juicy, and seasoned perfectly, especially the Steak Au Poivre. I ordered the Steak Bearnaise, which was good. A little dry and overcooked, but still pretty good. We all werent too keen on the frites, but it didn't take away from the dinner itself. The profiteroles were amazing for dessert!! The chocolate mousse was good, just a regular old chocolate mousse. Needless to say, we were stuffed at the end of the meal. . . As for service, I didn't catch our servers name, but I feel like he was new and didn't really know how to present himself. He kept coming by and asking "Can I ask you a question? Are you ready to order?" Or "Can I ask you a question? Do you need anything else?" It was a little awkward. Our busser, however, made the whole experience better. His name was Augustin, and he always made sure our drinks were refilled and even made convo with us since our server wasnt doing so.. . All in all, we had a good experience. I might be back to try the other options.
Came here for dinner because it was convenient, and not too busy on a Sun night. It's not overly expensive for what you get, which is a huge plus in Vegas when there's a surplus of overpriced restaurants everywhere. . . At night, it's quite dimly lit. They first serve a perfectly cooked loaf of bread that's crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Entrees are served with a protein with a side. I got the flattened chicken and fries on the side. Chicken was slightly on the salty side but tasty. On the side was a huge mound of fresh cut fries that were nicely fried.
This is the perfect place for a dinner date! My boyfriend took me here on our anniversary so that we could eat at a classy restaurant and watch the Bellagio water show across the street. Our server was very friendly, the steak was amazing, and the price is pretty good (by Vegas standards). I've seen from other reviews that brunch is also apparently great here so I'll definitely be coming back someday to give it a try.
My cousin and I went here for dinner. Very last min reservation but still managed to get outdoor seating so we could take advantage of the view of the bellagio water fountain show. It was cold outside but they had heating lamps which helped a lot. . . The bread was fresh and warm... We asked for seconds. This is what we ordered:. Chicken liver - it was good w mustard and our extra bread. Escargots- nothing really special. Filet mignon w wine reduction - juicy and tender. Very good. Sea scallops (entree)- very good. Made just right. . The wine selection was good. Service was great. My only complaint would be the fact that there's a lot of noise from traffic and crowd. Trade-off for the water fountain show.
Pretty cool little joint. My first time at a French restaurant (in the past, I've avoided them like the plague). My partner ordered soup and salad, and he enjoyed it. I had the night's fish special and a goat cheese dish. All of the food was very good. They provided us with an endless supply of bread, which was nice.. . The real reason to come here is the view. You can't beat the fountains at night time (just make sure you're close to a heater, if it's cold).
Nice french restaurant located on the strip. They accomodate groups but I'd suggest you make reservations ahead of time because this place is quite popular and is crowded on a weekend evening. Just keep in mind they won't seat you until your entire group is present...yep, we had to wait a while since people from our large group kept wandering off every time they were ready to seat us haha. . . The food was great, and I had a steak that was tender and cooked to perfection. Their wine selection is pretty great as well and we ordered a few bottles of reds for our table to share. The staff is friendly and attentive, and kept coming by to check on us. I'm not an expert on French cuisine but this place was pretty good. As for the ambiance...I have no idea because we had a large group and were more focused on discussing football and parlays before, during and after our meal...
Another great dining experience at Mon Ami Gabi. There were 2 of us and we decided to share everything.  We started with the baked goat cheese, always a favorite.  We shared a full order of mussels and macaroni gratin (mac n cheese) and Brussel sprouts.  The mussels were big and juicy, macaroni gratin is made with gruyere and was very yummy, Brussel sprouts were made with bacon making them very flavorful.  I have been here many times and am never disappointed.
j'adore mon ami gabi. i've eaten here a few times and whether it's been sitting on the patio, or inside near the windows it's been excellent. awesome location on the strip with a front row seat of the bellagio fountains. the french onion soup is very well done and the steak frites are magic! my favorites are the filet mignon merlot with butter and a red wine reduction, and the hanger steak with merlot butter. the restaurant is huge, but the service is always great. a consistent favorite over the years (and through the hangovers!)
Go for the French Onion Soup and stay for the people watching. The soup is hearty, nice sweet onions and a thick crust of cheese. Bread for the table is complementary and with a salad makes a great lunch. Steak frites are tasty and the mussels in broth are excellent. . Service was prompt and friendly.. The best people watching is on the outdoor patio overlooking Las Vegas Blvd. Heaters are available during the winter. Try for a table along the railing next to the sidewalk. Also great view of the Bellagio Fountains. The restaurant does not take reservations for the outdoor patio. However, you can make reservations for indoors. The best seating indoors is along the windows facing the outdoor patio next to the door way entering. This spot offers good people watching of those coming and going.
If you want a nice restaurant that won't leave your wallet crying and your stomach still starving, this is not a bad place to go. Just be sure to make reservations or the wait can be quite long. Reservations only guarantee the indoor dining area, which is dim, romantic, and not conducive to Instagram pictures. If you can, though, I'd recommend the patio area so you can people-watch from a heated and equally romantic vantage point.. . The boyfriend and I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, which was served with 4 large pieces of the creamiest salmon I've ever had and (maybe just a tad too much) red onions and capers atop brioche. The filet mignon merlot was definitely on the small side and probably could have done with a little less cooking, but the merlot reduction tasted amazing. What I should have gotten was the boyfriend's ribeye, which was bigger, fattier, juicier, and overall just more tasty. I was not, however, impressed with the steak frites that came with our entrees--they were paper-thin (like eating a deep fried potato peel) while I like more substance to my fries. . . Though the food was a little hit or miss, the ambiance and the attentive server who kept up with my water-guzzling boyfriend's refill needs upped my rating for this place to a 4.
At a bill for two topping out at $70 with at least 20% tip.. . The appetizer we went with was the baked brie with a crispy pita like bread. You can't go wrong with brie.. . I had the scallops. 5 plump scallops arranged. Was delectable.. . My duo had the french version of the fish and chips. Which was a big piece of baked breaded chicken with a side of part thin slivered potatoes. It was ok.
With over 2,000 reviews and a 4 Star Rating, Mon Ami Gabi is doing things right and deserves a visit from you!. . They have quickly become a Vegas Standard.  You can check out all the reviews to get an Idea on what to eat, but I'll share a few insights if you have not been.. . Come here for the patio seating!  When the weather is nice the patio seating at Mon Ami Gabi...on the Strip...is an easy 5 Stars!  Directly across from the fountains at the Bellagio, the patio is superb for people watching and taking in the sites.  I would not eat inside.  The food is all above-average,but for me it's the patio that sets it off!. . We come here for brunch on special birthdays and other special occasions.  They do all their meals well here, and just being here elevates the mood, and meaning of the special day!  You will pay more to eat on the Strip, but the food is spot on and the venue is outstanding.  In addition to the food the service has always been excellent here!. . Come here for patio!. Come here for French wine!. Come here for Steak Frites!
Came here for a dinner date with my favorite person in the world, my best friend Christina. While we found the tables a bit too close for comfort, the lovely atmosphere made up for it. It's romantic and lovely, a perfect place to take your lady for an anniversary or a special date.. . Our very pretty and very nice waitress gave us ample time to study the menu, and after placing our orders, started us off with a baguette.. . Then our orders arrived. My biffle and I shared a half order of the mussels, as well as the steak bordelaise.. . The mussels were my favorite part of the meal. They were perfectly cooked, and bathed in a perfectly seasoned, rich (but not too rich) sauce. There were thin strands of onions in the sauce as well, which I though went along beautifully with the mussels.. . The frites, or the fries that come along with the steaks are quite unique. They are a hybrid, a cross breed of a fry and a potato chip. I prefer soft fries, but for those who like crunchy, yum!. . I'm not really a steak person, so I didn't love the steak... but the sauce was good :) Eventually got waaay too buttery and rich, but I couldn't stop eating it!. . Super happy with my dinner date here, but it might have been because of my lovely company. Will definitely return :)
The Filet Mignon was absolutely delicious and I couldn't get enough of the sauce. I did not even need steak sauce to enhance the taste. The service was wonderful, my boyfriend and I had a nice conversation with the waiter. Our waters were constantly refilled, which is always a plus for me because I drink my water like a whale. The price wasn't to shabby either, especially for a good steak. The only complaint  that I have are the frites (i think that is what they are called). It is way too salty. All in all, its a great place to have lunch on a beautiful day.
we have eaten here a few times. Dinner, Lunch, and Brunch. Eating here is all about the view. You can reserve a table across from Bellagio's Water fountains and it is heaven. The food is good too.
Visited feb 1 2013 during a work convention. Reservations are a must and they won't seat you unless your entire party is there. (There were 7 of us). Street seating is much more interesting.. Lots of good people watching. Service was excellent food was so so and French Martinis were excellent. I would definitely return and try another dish., the scallops were cooked ok but not much flavor.
I LOVE the oysters here! I celebrated my friend's birthday here with her family... her dad & I got oyster cray here and on that night a few years back I became dubbed "The Oyster Master".. . P.S. Service was mah-velous dah-ling!
Sat outside under heat lamps.  Good service and good food.  Wonderful place
A cozy french eatery facing the strip, across from Bellagio, was the reason to come. Great service and excellent, fresh food is the reason to come back. Fresh bread, cheese, and an excellent bread pudding (off-menu). If you combine all this with a pre-dinner rush & patio seating to catch the fountain show....you will be very happy with the experience.
This is one of my favorite places in Vegas to eat brunch of lunch because you can sit outside and people watch the strip while eating great food.  They have heaters on the patio and usually it doesn't take long to get one of the patio tables even when they are busy.
I have to say that I was pretty hesitant about booking this for my cousin's bachelorette party. It got pretty good reviews on Yelp!, but I was tricked by Yelp! earlier that day into going to a horrid nail salon (review to follow) in the area. I was pleasantly surprised. The food was good and I STILL can't believe how reasonable the menu was. Our party asked for a window seat and although the restaurant was packed, they saved us a nice lil' table with a gorgeous view right next to the window.. . We got the chicken liver pate, the country pate and escargot to start. Chicken liver pate was by far our fav. They serve it with this horseradish sauce that just kills it. The country pate was kind of a disappointment, but the escargot came to the rescue ;P.. . The mussels were super super yummy. Not grainy at all and surprisingly fresh. Everyone at our table raved about their entrees and had a great time.. . We ordered the creme brulee and apple tartin for dessert. Both were super yummy, and they even threw in a free birthday dessert.. . All-in-all, a good dining experience. Mon ami gabi has earned a permanent place on my Vegas To-Eat list...
Nice view of the Bellagio fountain.  Had the escargot appetizer which was ok.  The french onion soup is very good though.  I had the filet au povoire with frites for the main course which was tasty.  I'll say the filet was not amazing, but worth trying and the frites are unique.  Overall, the experience was positive and I would dine here again.
I do not frequent strip hot spots but one of my BFFsis a huge frequenter of this spot so on my birthday she insisted and I readily agreed.  . . Luckily because she is a frequenter of this establishment, we had reservations but was able to avoid a part of if by going into the bar and having a few cocktails beforehand.  To wait for our table instead of wanting out front. :/  When our name was called we had the coolest waiter with so much knowledge of wine and food.  I was so impressed he took time for me a wine lover but newby to explain...  Our food was a no brainer because my Bff had it all planned out.. . Appetizer was the Escargots De Bourgogne- oven roasted snails in garlic herbs and butter.. . The entrees were Salmon Leek Quinoa in a citron butter, a blend of the softly cooked Salmon with a mild onion flavor from the leeks and a mild citron butter to pull it all together.  We also enjoyed the Beef Bourguignon made it is made with beef cheeks a part of beef usually thrown away but so soft and tender and the flavor is amazing.. . They do take pride in the food served here and the servers have tons of knowledge to share in wine pairing.  I would go back anytime and even deal with the strip for the food and service here.
The ambience was exactly what I wanted to experience from Mon Ami Gabi.  Oh so very french!  Ooh La La... (not the Vegas kind of ooh la la...)!  . . I recommend making reservations.  There was quite a line when we arrived and I was very glad we had made reservations in advance. Keep in mind that they do not accept reservations for the outside patio though.  That is strictly first come, first serve.  When you do arrive, make sure you're with your complete party.  They won't seat you unless everyone is there.  . . The coffee was good... the Bellini was better.  ;)  They have a Bloody Mary Bar that I will probably try next time.  . . The quiche was just okay... I've had much better elsewhere.  My husband got the Blueberry French Toast, and that was absolutely MAGNIFICENT!!!!!  Another in our party got the ham and cheese crepes and apparently they were very good, because he wouldn't even let me have a bite.  . . All in all a great Brunch experience that I'd totally do again.
Went here a few months ago for a last-minute fancy Friday. We had a reservation but still had to wait at least half an hour before being seated, which got everyone in my party a little grumpy. However, once we got inside, the atmosphere made it a little better. The waiter was attentive and helpful without being overbearing, which is a plus.. . Our table of four had an order of escargot since half of us had never triedit before. They were iffy about it and could not get used to the taste but the two of us who had escargot before loved it. It was well-seasoned and not too chewy. My friend's steak frites classique was a bit dry but not too bad, just not our favorite I suppose. I had the vegetable pot au feu, which was pretty much amazing and well-worth the price. I would definitely order it again, but will probably try something new next time I go.
absolutely adored this place!. . Breakfast:. had the eggs benedict: pretty tasty the only thing I would say was it was a little bit too buttery for my taste but that didn't stop me from devouring the whole plate.. they serve you a fresh baguette at your table which I thought was a nice touch. . I had their mimosa that was good but it was pretty over priced for how big it was. $10 for a champagne sized glass but then again its vegas right so what isn't over priced on the strip.. . dinner:. -Baked brie appetizer: DELICIOUS!. -filet medallions wrapped in bacon: steak was cooked perfectly I have no complains here.  . . our waiter helped us pick out the perfect bottle of wine to go with our dinner. he was very helpful. . I would highly recommend this place to anyone trying to find a nice romantic dinner but without paying a fortune.  Everything on the menu is actually pretty reasonably priced which is why we went there for breakfast and dinner while we were there.
Best breakfast in Vegas with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains.
I stopped by on a Sunday evening by myself.  After being told my wait would be an hour, I opted to sit at the small bar at the front of the restaurant. (There is another bar in the back, closer to the patio overlooking the Bellagio fountains.). . I opted for the hanger steak frites ($20.95) and a glass of bartender recommended Cotes du Rhone ($10).  I couldn't finish my meal, despite how delicious it was, although I did have a few pieces of the tasty warm bread.. . In a city where a steak can easily cost $40 a la carte, Mon Ami Gabi is a great find and value if you have the patience to wait for a table.
We went here for a fantastic breakfast on our way out of town and I must say, I wouldn't have expected the kind of service we got at a 5 star dinner restaurant. The staff was on top of it all of the way through the meal. I never once had to ask for a refill, cal for a waitress or push my plate out of the way when I was done. The ambiance was great with whitestarched linen cloths and a French flair. I can't wait to go here for dinner.
Went here for the first time on Valentine's Day and had a great time.. . The Food: . . I would give the food 4 1/2 stars.  The warm baguette they give you to start was delicious.  We ordered the Warm Brie for our appetizer and really enjoyed the whole dish.  The Brie comes with three large croutons and you can use your baguette to finish it up.  This was my first time getting French Onion Soup and I'm hooked.  It was perfectly cheesy and didn't taste watered down like some yelpers have commented.  For our entrees, my girlfriend and I both ordered the flat steaks with frites.  She got the classique which has a seasoned butter topping while I got the bordelaise - carmelized onion/red wine topping.  My steak was perfectly cooked and a lot thicker than some have commented.  They did go a little overboard with the onion topping.  I wouldn't order that one again.  My girlfriend's on the other hand had just a tiny scoop of butter.  Her steak was chewier than mine as she got unlucky with a piece that had a fatty/cartilage line that ran through her whole steak.  The frites were good and the dishes overall were good.  We ordered a side of brussel sprouts and bacon which were good.  For dessert, we got the pineapple bread pudding.  It was flavorful but would not order it again.  Too heavy.  And it was more like pineapple french toast than bread pudding.. . The Service:. . The service overall was average.  I would give it a 3.  It was better in the first half of our meal and got worse through the night.  Water refills came quick, but the person refilling waters did not refill anything else.  So it was always a long wait for the server to bring by a new soda, etc.  The table was bussed quickly until we were done with our entrees.  We probably waited 15 min after we were done before our waiter came by to see if we wanted dessert.  The server was just ok.  Not too friendly.  I know that waiters hate holidays like Valentine's Day because people linger.  But we are actually quick eaters and could have shaved off 20-30 minutes with more attentive service.  . . The Atmosphere:. . Check-in was pretty easy and there was just a short wait for our table.  We decided not to request a patio table, as we didn't want to endure the 1 1/2 hour wait.  We figured we could try for a patio at brunch some time.  The restaurant manages to be crowded and loud while still being romantic.  I prefer this over a quiet restaurant where you can hear everything the people next to you are talking about.  . . Overall, this place was good.  We enjoyed this far more than the Eiffel Tower Restaurant.  We will definitely return to try the brunch.  We'd probably only come back for dinner on a special occasion.
Great atmosphere! Great food! What an awesome way to spend a late Sunday afternoon in the sun.  Outside patio is worth the wait.
Ambience good.  very large, noisy inside. Entrance via Paris casino. Try the patio.  At night you get to see the Bellagio's water dance show while you eat.  They have outdoor heaters for the chilly nights.. Escargot - ok  have had better.. Lamb - good. Would not call it extraordinary but, good.  Split the dish.. Garlic spinach - very good. Not garlicky. Spinach was cooked just right.. Banana Crepe desert - very good.. . Good value.  Looong wait, not much different from any other restaurant in casinos. Put our name at 8:30pm, got seated at 9:40 on a Monday.
I was in Vegas on a work trip and stopped in for dinner with a co-worker.  Great menu selection, we enjoyed everything we ordered and a really diverse wine list.  It was freezing when I was there so we sat in the interior patio with a great view of the Bellagio fountains.
Been here for dinner a few times on my monthly trips to vegas. The food is just a little above average to me but the view is 5 stars. Outdoor dining is a must. I've never had to wait long to be seated. The price is decent for the location and the ambiance.. I usually go here to take Las Vegas "first timers." That way the can eat and enjoy the Bellagio fountains. "Killing two birds with one stone"
I'm certain that every single person that has been to Vegas have at one point or another noticed this restaurant. It's really hard to miss with their gorgeous sidewalk cafe with a great view of the Bellagio fountains. My family and I ate here for our little brother's birthday. I have to give them a lot of credit for service because we gave them an almost impossible feat. Due to poor time management on our part, we had a little over an hour before we had to get to our show. Our server somehow managed to expedite our food and we were able to get to our show on time. . . We started with the classic Caesar Salad and their house bread which came with some carrot slaw. I actually didn't care for it much. It was really ordinary and I've definitely had better at a much lower caliber restaurant. The bread was good though and so was the carrot slaw that came with it. For our entrees, we ordered the Fish and Chips, the Cheeseburger with frites, and Roasted Chicken. Sounds like ordinary dishes but they were executed perfectly. Everything was seasoned nicely, and cooked right. The fish was really good. Probably the best piece of fish I've had at a restaurant. My little brother enjoyed his chicken dish and pretty much inhaled it. I think the frites here are pretty special. I haven't had fries quite like these before. Thin and perfectly crispy. Loved them. . . I want to come back and have a longer meal next time. Come check it out because it's well worth the money. Next time,  brunch it is! 4/5
Five star food, but slight problems with the service and a greater problem with the ambiance.. . The most important point here is where you sit.  They have outside seating right on the Strip - great for people watching and a view of the Bellagio fountains show.  HOWEVER:. 1.  You can't reserve a table outside - you can get put on a list and it may be a long one.. 2.  Despite heaters and misters, it gets hot or cold and you may want to reconsider if the outside air temperature is under 60 or over 100 (during the day, over 90).. If you sit insider, where most of the tables are located, it is crowded and fairly noisy.  Some of the cushion style seats are uncomfortable, particularly if you have to sit on a seam between cushions.. . The service is friendly and knowledgeable, but they arealways in a rushs.  This is not the place for a leisurely dinner.. . One word about the food, which is uniformly good:  the steaks frites are superior.
Yes, it's part of the Lettuce Entertain You empire. . . Yes, it's sort of a mini-chain, with outposts in DC and Chicago. . . But yes, I loved it here, very much. . . It's cheaper than Bouchon down the street but seems no less authentic; if you can sit outside, great, but inside the mirrored walls and tiled floors are pure bistro.  . . It's great for a date, a small group, or a girls lunch/dinner out... . . I would go back again, if only to sip a glass of rose and have a nice salad without breaking the bank. . . Pictures and more detail here: http://www.eattalk.net/2013/02/postcard-from-las-vegas.html#.USfVZOgRQtU
this restaurant was recommended by my cousin, however he said it was a buffet, i was so glad he was wrong, the restaurant sits right across the Bellagio, you have  a great view of the Bellagio fountain.  the food was great, try the escargot, mouth watering.  not to expensive for a nice romantic dinner.
Great place for a meal after running the Rock n' Roll Half Marathon.  It was clos tto the finish line and we wee able to get a reservation without any trouble.
If a french fry and a potato chip had a baby, the frites at Mon Ami Gabi would be it! My steak came with a heaping mountain of them that took up half the plate. And it was a big plate. . . ...and the steak. Ahh so delicious! Perfectly cooked, flavorful, medium-rare perfection. I opted for the peppercorn sauce, which had a slight kick and complemented (not overpowered) the meat. Pretty generous portions, but I still finished the whole thing!. . We dined on the patio that sits right next to the Strip, overlooking the beautiful Bellagio waterfront. We basked in the warm glow of the heat lamps that still kept us comfortable in the 48 degree weather. . . My friend subbed out her frites for a side of green beans and they forgot, but they let us keep the frites they brought out anyway, which was nice. Service started out strong and then tapered off to borderline neglect towards the end of the meal, but it was super busy so all is forgiven.  Loved my dining experience here and the prices are reasonable. I will definitely be back!
We decided not to go to ANY buffets while we were in town. It's so much more of a relief. We decided to go to Mon Ami for the great outdoor seating and variety of brunch options while avoiding the stuffiness of eating indoors and avoiding the crowds (get there early!). It was nice to people watch while we ate. Everything was delicious. The only thing i had to complain about was the bread they gave. It was pretty hard and I wish I could've finished my bread but I didn't want anyone to see me trying to chip into the bread with my teeth without breaking a tooth. Otherwise, the service was great, plenty of heat lamps to combat the winds and the food was delicious. They also serve Intelligentsia coffee! yay!
I've been wanting to go to Mon Ami Gabi for a long time now, especially since my last visit to Vegas was a stay at Paris. I know all my friends always stop here, so I just HAD to check it out.. . Anyway, we came here for breakfast on a Friday morning around 10:30. The patio looked full when we got there, however, we got seated right away! It was low 60s, maybe mid 60s, but the heated patio made it an absolutely amazing experience! Our table was directly across the Bellagio fountains, so not only were we enjoying the delicious food and great weather, but we also had a fantastic view! At that moment, life could not get any better ;-). . I ordered a mimosa and the smoked salmon eggs Benedict. I don't know if it was the mimosa, or just my mood, but it was THE BEST Benedict I have ever eaten ANYWHERE! mmm... My boyfriend had the ham & cheese crepes which he also said were amazing. Our server was very attentive and was super pleasant, so no complaints there! The prices were absolutely reasonable considering the fact that it is Vegas after all.. . I know there is a M A G in Chicago which I will def check out soon, but nothing beats this Mon Ami Gabi's location on the strip... I will be back here next time and try their dinner menu. I want to give it 5 stars, but I will just have to wait and write an update :)
I thought the food was great! My wife had the amazing filet mignon which was divine and my steak was excellent. They give you an outrageous portion of French fries, good thing they are delicious. I thought it was a pretty classy place with good service. Way too long of a wait to sit outside. The window was just as nice to sit by plus no cigarette smoke from people outside.
my mexican and I went here forlunch on a Tuesday afternoon. we sat inside next to the patio with a view of the bellagio fountains which was gorgeous. . . What we ordered:. -first they serve you a fresh french baguette with butter- delicious. . -bowl of non-fat latte which was delish... a little cold though. . -shared  the french onion soup... ho-ly YUM. seriously soooo good, very rich though. . -I ordered the croque monsieur which was pretty good. it came with frites... a little to thin/ fried for me. reminded me more of a garnish.. -my mexican ordered their steak sandwich which he devoured.. -finished off with a butter & cinnamon crepe served with whipped cream on the side. this isn't on the menu, just something my cousin had recommended and OH.EM. GEE. seriously, so simple but SO SO SOOO good. the thing was HUGE (at least 10" in diam) and im pretty sure I ate 2/3 of it myself lol.. . Service was ok... kind of slow but that was expected. we were happy to just be  hanging out with good food and a beautiful view. prob not the best place to go if you're wanting something quick.
Wanted to try this place because I liked the name. I'm glad I did. Steak frite = delicious! Our server was very attentive.
Finally! A place in LV that lives up to the hype.. . We sat inside the pavilion but not outside - but it was perfect.  No sun in the eyes but all the sunlight could still be enjoyed.. . Great service by #46 :)  Don't remember his name but he had a tag that indicated his #....despite that he was very personable, from Cali and was accurate on his reco's (french onion soup and creme brulee).. . So the plan was to go to a buffet for dinner....so lunch at MAG was 'light'.  I had french onion soup which was divine.  Dad had the Caesar salad which was solid.. . Then I had the creme brulee.  Excellent!  Mom and Dad split the profiteroles - huge portion of ice cream, fudge and pastry.. . Would love to go back and check out more of the menu - but for service and french favs - they did really really well!
Being a new resident of Las Vegas (Previously residing in Los Angeles) & a major Brunch foodie I was really excited to try Mon Ami Gabi!! . . It offered great view of the strip (Patio seating offers view of the Bellagio Water fountain and its glory) Unfortunately we sat inside the restaurant, which was still really nice. . . My friend had the Salmon, Leek & Quinoa which was delicious, perfectly seasoned and the Quinoa was also on point. (a friend suggested that ordering salmon is a waste of an entree being extremely easy to cook) good tip? what do you think?. . I had the Gabi Fish(breaded) & Frites which was OKAY, everything i order seems to be breaded these days (accidental) i will definitely ask for details next time, the frites were delicious!. . Service was phenomenal, our waitress was extremely friendly (i hate not remembering names but thank you!) . . Being a major coffee addict, I was really excited seeing intelligentsia beans and that they sell them by the pound (20$) but my iced coffee was watered down (boo) if anyone knows of a good coffee place off the strip please let me know!. . Overall a good brunch place and very inexpensive by LA standards, will come again for dinner
If there's something I developed a taste for over the last couple of years, it is definitely French cuisine. My girlfriend loves everything French, especially the food. I decided to take her here for our two year anniversary and I can't say that my expectations weren't met. The menu isn't a run-on book, it's a one page array of all things tasty. Les Poissons (hee hee hee, hah hah hah) looked and smelled fantastic. The wine was affordable per glass. We ordered the "Frangria," the French version of Sangria which was quite the punch.. . I have this weird sense of things where I judge a place I eat by what they give you for free, in this case the bread. Naturally, we sat down and were greeted with a French baguette accompanied by some delicious butter and an amuse bouche, which was some kind of pickled apple concoction. The bread was delicious, it's lead me to one of those moments where I said "I could just come here for the bread" and this was no lie. All of that was delicious. We were discretely told about the menu and placed our orders, which came out warm and fresh right away.. . I ordered the Beef Wellington, the house special on Sunday and my girlfriend ordered the Steak Bordelaise. My beef wellington was.....nucking futs delicious. I've always wanted to try a wellington and oh my gosh was it delicious. The beef was tender and succulent, cooked just the way I like it. The generous portion of beef was surrounded by a puff pastry which was to die for. The wellington was served with a sauteed spinach and garlic side, which was on point. I tried some of the steak my girlfriend ordered and it was, you may as well write the rest of this, AMAZING. The food was cooked perfectly and the portions were just enough to get me  full to the brim. . . To make matters "worse," we order the Bananas Fosters Crepes for dessert. Gluttony became our ruler at this point as we shoveled this behemoth of a dessert down our bellies completely satisfied with the meal as a whole. My only gripe was that our waitress was a little inattentive once we got our food. As we didn't see her from the moment we got our food till we were done, looking around for her to come by. Regardless, that would not be the deciding factor if I come back because I definitely will. . . Gentleman, if you have a date and you want to impress her, go on and take her here. We sat inside but I hear the patio is just as nice. This is a great place for tourists and LOCALS alike.
Good news for anybody looking for yummy, reasonably priced French food, with good ambiance and service on the strip! This place has all of these things and is also super accommodating to people with allergies and dietary restrictions. I've never been to a French restaurant with a gluten-free menu, yet they had it! The chef also wrote somewhere on one of the menus that they are happy to accommodate people with any allergy, so just say the word. . . We started with the out of this world duck confit and fingerling potato appetizer, along with the butter lettuce and arugula salad. For dinner the server recommended the filet mignon, which was mouth watering, as promised. I also got the frangria and a nicely paired glass of red wine. My partner got the chicken paillard, which was good initially but got cold and dry fast. We took the chicken leftovers and made some pretty delicious sandwiches with it the next day.. . Speaking of bread, they brought me out some slices of some yummy gluten-free bread at the beginning of the meal, which made me a lot less resentful of my partner's warm baguette.
I think overall food is Salty but still good! Kid friendly, not at night (too tight spacing) but if your child is behaved well and doesn't run or scream, this is a great go to family restaurant. Not like Buca Peppo most certainly in ambiance nor cheesecake, just a mix of both and a touch of upscale with the wine glasses.. . the little girl had  her $4.95 kids meal served in cafeteria style glass plate. She enjoyed it like a grown lady with her wine glass of water instead of the offered plastic cup and straw. She got the grilled cheese which i devoured instead while she eyed on butter fresh baby green beans, apple slices, and frites (fries). The cheese is not cheddar so if you want that you have to request. I should have done that and thus the swiss ended up in my hips.. . We started with shrimp cocktail ($12.95) and 1/2 order mussels (10.95).  The shrimp was huge and served on ice, about 5 or 6 pieces. Too little for price! It was good and the only thing i was happy about was that it was smaller portion so we didn't have to box anything home. But if looking at value, it was overpriced.  The mussels was good, sauce not as good as Brunos in Brea, Ca, and mussels were too meaty for my liking.  Then again we are comparing Bruno Italian with Mon Ami French! How dare I !!. . Entrees was new york strip steak (39.95) which was good but he got it medium, not typically his taste and so really the review won't be accurate.  He liked it, i did too, we definitely got full from it but I cannot say much about it since i love seafood more.. . Got the Sea Scallops ($19.95) which came in 5 pieces with brussel sprouts and cauliflower puree. I ordered side of mushroom ($3.95) which was good but too salty.  The dish didn't need any sides.  The scallops surprisingly made me full! Could be the dressing and buttered thing sin it that fills you up.  It was soft inside and perfeclty seared outside.  I was blown away!!. . Will be our go to restaurant again. The bill for all and our carafe of sangria (about 5 wine glasses or maybe 6 depending on how much you pour) was $135.00 or so.  . . We came in at 5.45 pm and by 7:00 pm it was packed and butts were bumping into my face since we sat on table and not booth. It was too tight of spacing and dark!! I don't recommend high heels for older ladies. Hold on to your man or make him hold you when you navigate here. . . Do It Do It, Mon Ami Gabi....let's go again!. . Note: There is dress code, not strict...but don't come in all torn up! Your wallet may be torn up here but don't look that way!
I liked this place, we had lunch here on the terrasse, which is fabulous on a sunny afternoon! I thought the quality/ food ratio was excellent, and the portions werent huge! Perfect place to enjoy a nice sunny afternoon!
Get a seat on the patio. The food is good but made better by the view of the Bellagio fountains. Worth a visit!
Delicious steaks. The frites were good, too. Went here based on good reviews and only $$ on the strip, which is really hard to find. We were able to make a same day reservation for 8 during a large conference, so that was nice. Good service, our waitress kindly split the bill 8 ways. She's smart, knowing that most people will tip extra just because she did that. Sat inside, so we didn't get a fountain view, but that was okay. Overall everyone was very impressed with the place!
Absolutely loved the seared sea scallops with carmelized brussels sprouts and bacon and cauliflower puree. Great view of the Bellagio fountains. Oh, and can't forget about the decadent bread pudding...amazing!
Delicious steak frites (skirt with merlot demi). Definitely worth the wait to sit outside. Lots of people watching and the Bellagio fountains across the way.
My wife had been wanting to try this place for awhile and finally on this trip we went...three times for breakfast. Each time our service was solid and the food great. Sometimes things were slow, but the staff was always in communication and never was too behind.. Corned beef and poached eggs...outstanding. Not your diner corned beef hash...shredded deliciousness here. Eggs were perfect. And served with home-made bread to soak up all the goodness.. Sit outside if you can, to enjoy the people watching and the view of the Bellagio...even if it's chilly, they've got great outdoor heaters that keep the atmosphere comfortable.
My husband and I always eat here when in Vegas. Love the food and the staff are very helpful. Love to eat outside to see the wonderful water show. A must when in Vegas!
Mon Ami Gabi is a solid choice, if not the best choice for dining on the strip. And by on the strip, I mean RIGHT on the strip. Try to get an outside seat (first come first serve) or be nice to the maitre d' to get seating by the windows. You'll get a fantastic view of the Bellagio and its fountains.. . I recommend the Trout Amandine and the Chocolate Mousse. The Duck Confit was generous in size and quite tender but saltier than most. For brunch, get a cappuccino in a bowl and enjoy the eggs Benedict or one of the crepes.. . I've been to Mon Ami Gabi several times: an early dinner, a late dinner, and brunch. The first and last example had great service. In the late dinner, there were lots of diners and the service was a weak for a while, but recovered in time for dessert. Prices are, well, to be expected for this prime real estate on the Strip. Trust me, you can do worse. Make a reservation, as they are easy to get sometimes even hours in advance but seats will take a while to get late at night.
Let's keep this simple.... . Steak Frites. Enough said. Well...almost.... Great steak, thin cut crispy fries...$26...ok...is that enough?. . Really...I dug it.. Let's keep this simple.... . Steak Frites. Enough said. Well...almost.... Great steak, thin cut crispy fries...$26...ok...is that enough?. . Really...I dug it.
All in all ... Not too shabby!  French...... Maybe "Vancouver French" but definitely not "Avenue des Champs-Elysees French".  Stick with the steaks and or vegetable pot and you should be fine.  The pomme frites are the star of this show!  Delicate and almost wafer thin they combine a touch of chewy with a crispy crunch of salty goodness... Leave the spicy ketchup behind ... They do fine all by their lonesome!. Prices aren't too god awful like the rest of the strip... My suggestion is keep it simple.. Service is pretty good though its a tad slow on weekends with the Bellagio Fountain show attracting a huge crowd who hope to dine and watch the show.
Considering the location on the strip, and the fact it has a patio facing the Bellagio fountains, I am very impressed with Mon Ami Gabi mainly due to the value of what you get for what you pay. I have eaten here a few times for brunch and once for a casual dinner and it was all very reasonably priced, yet the food choices and ambiance/service could have easily made this a "nice/fancy/special" meal.. . I highly recommend it whether you just want a casual brunch, or are looking to impress someone over a meal. It offers both.. . I don't remember the name of our server when we ate here last Sun, but she was tall and blonde, and considering we were seated in the bar she was extremely professional (kitchen took a while to get our entrees out and she made sure we were updated, when bf disappeared to the bathroom she asked me if I wanted his salad held for him until he came back rather than it sitting out...). I appreciated this!
Ate here for breakfast back in December 2012. Had the salmon eggs benedict which were out of this world. Others in my party had the lemon Big Skinny Pancakes and apple crepes. We also ordered two bowls of French onion soup which I would whole heartedly recommend. Nice seating in the atrium area, didn't want to be out on the outdoor patio as it was too cold for us Hawaii folks!!
This is a great french-style restaurant, with many gluten-free options. They even serve pre-meal gfree bread to gluten-free patrons! Lunch sandwiches/burgers can be served on gfree bread as well. Dinner entrees include beef, chicken and fish options. Located in the Paris hotel, across from the Bellagio. So if you sit outside, you can watch the amazing water show while you eat. I was very impressed with the gfree options this restaurant provided and have featured it on my blog: gfreenikibee.blogspot.com
Food was good. Pomme frites are yummy. I got the black peppered filet mignon and my company got T bone steak. IMHO if you are opting for steak the T bone was much more yummy. . . Make reservation early for dinner since they are always busy.
One of our favorite breakfast places on the strip.  There is a 35 minute wait if you want outside (highly recommended, mostly in the shade, right on the street for people watching, Bellagio fountains go off across the street) but they do pagers so that is way better than someone yelling your name in a loud lobby area.  Inside the glass area is also nice as it is bright but loud.  The restaurant itself is dark since this is a steakhouse so not the best for breakfast.. . Champagne Framboise is a great sparkling cocktail and mixed perfectly to not have too much raspberry flavor overpowering the sparkling wine.. . The week we went they had an eggs benedict special with brisket.  Great dish, hollandaise sauce is light and not overpowering.  Sometimes one of the two poached eggs comes medium or almost hard so if that bothers you send it back.  Muffin is good, not heavy and grilled nicely.. . Also had the corned beef hash and poached eggs.  The corned beef is not so much a hash as it is corned beef cabbage minus the cabbage.  To me this is a good thing as when it comes cubed or the normal mushy hash it is dry as the potatoes are mixed in.  Here, the potatoes are separate from the meat so it stays moist and juicy.  And poached eggs (you can order the eggs any style) only make it better.. . The brisket that came with the benedict looked almost the same as the corned beef but the taste was very different between the two so don't think they are just using the same meat for everything.  We could have both dishes over and over and enjoy them every time.. . Table service was always excellent, food came fast (which is preferred for breakfast).
At conference in Vegas and had breakfast here..Absolutely delicious egg whites and the bread to die for! Telling all my friends about it.
Still one of my favorite more casual dining spots in Vegas. While not quite "casual" no suit and tie is needed. Reservations definitely are however. Luckily we had them on a Saturday night as the line was long for hours. The host's were great and very accommodating. The food was as good as I remember-I had scallops to start and roquefort steak for my entree. Others at the table enjoyed french onion soup, mac and cheese, salmon, and steak classique. All were delicious. I wish I had room for dessert. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars i because of service. The service wasn't bad, just not what I'm used to here. . . Go for a nice meal that won't break the bank, you won't be disappointed.
Good quality filet mignon at a typical price. Service was okay. Steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare. This place is really busy and kind of loud, but that is to be expected.
I came here with a reservation for 6 and luckily got seated on the balcony, right in front of the Bellagio fountains, which made the show great.. Dinner was good - I got the Steak Bernaise and enjoyed the sauce. It was a really thin slice of steak though, so even though I asked for it "medium," it probably came out well.. One of my dinner companions got the Vegetable Pot Au Feu (after a 3-hour meat fest at one of the buffets, he wanted a little vegetables) - it was a good flavored dish and a nice mix of cauliflower, carrots, brussell sprouts, and other veggies. However, the veggies were a little on the limp side. Another dinner companion got the Slow Braised Lamb Shank. A huge piece of lamb on a stick came out - you definitely got what you paid for.. It was delicious - lamb was perfectly cooked and the flavors were intense.
Really great breakfast item selection and I love sitting on the patio watching the Bellagio fountains.  I've also enjoyed a nice steak dinner here, but found the absolute value proposition to be a little questionable. I'm not a big fan of Paris, but I have no problem coming this way to a great breakfast occasionally.  I recommend the Benedict.
My favorite French restaurant in Vegas (: I think lunch menu is much better than the dinner. If you go, try getting the steak sandwich they have and get it with the fries. Great service, friendly staff up front. Definitely recommending this to everyone
Good thing about this place is that they serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. though, im not a French cuisine fan, but I think the food taste great. I ordered the steak with fries, and it was good. Mon ami has an outdoor seating area that is overlooking the majestic Bellagio water . fountains.
- Great Service. - Bread is warm, crisp outside, soft inside, and just amazing like in Paris. - Wine is also amazing just like in Europe. - Appetizers were really flavorful and delicious. . Tips:. Make reservations! This place gets PACKED!. Come around 6PM, and ask for an outside seat! You'll have dinner just in time for the music and water show in front of the Bellagio!. . Came here for my sister's bday dinner with a party of 5. Put in our reservations ahead of time, and still had to wait about a good 10 minutes (so I decided to play the slot machines outside and won $50! The wild safari animals one with big cats.). . We were seated, and the waiters immediately brought water, bread and butter. it was so delicious, and the warm bread tasted just as fresh and as when I was in Paris. After putting in our orders, one of the waiters spilled a flask of water behind us and apologized! We didn't even care nor did the water splash on us. But within a few minutes, he brought an appetizer FREE of charge! :D Our waiter was also french! Or maybe he just pretended to have a french accent, but he was really on top of it, and made nice conversation on our meal, day, and Vegas trip. . . Appetizers Ordered: Escargot, scallops, and oysters! Oysters were really fresh with the lemon! Escargot also as excellent as when I ate them in Paris! Scallops were a little small, but still thoroughly enjoyable and delicious to eat.. . Wine: Ordered a merlot and it was excellent! Tasted so well with our dinner.. . Main Course: I ordered the salmon with rice. I thought it looked a little small to be honest, and the salmon a bit overcooked. But the rice was excellent, and salmon still pretty fresh and enjoyable. Not the most amazing salmon I've ever had, but it did its job.. . All while eating dinner, the Bellagio had its water show and the night was perfect! We also got a small birthday cake/ice cream for my sister and it was awesome blossom!
We met some folks by the pool at the Mirage who said this was one of their favorite places on the strip.  We've walked by it a million times and it's always crowded so we never stopped.  The people we met said to make reservations and it's a piece of cake to get in so we did and it was.  There was a huge crowd at the door but if you have a reservation there is a separate hostess stand and you just walk right up.  We were seated within a couple of minutes and really lucked out to have a table that was inside but we could see the fountain at the Bellagio.  . . Within minutes of being seated we were offered water and they brought a bagette of bread in a nice paper wrapping.  When you finish that you just crush up the wrapper and another loaf magically appears.  Then along comes our server who asks if we would like something to drink besides water.  Since I wanted wine, she rolls up this huge cart with probably 15 bottles to choose from, all French of course.  She let me taste several before I made my decision which was pretty cool.. . Hubby had a steak with frites, which are way different than our fries but really good.  I had scallops that came with a puree of some type of veggie, can't remember what, and roasted brussel sprouts.. . Would have given this five stars but we each ordered salads which were basically lettuce with nothing else and pricey at that.  Sorry we didn't have room for dessert but plan on going back for breakfast next time.
We had a great seat just inside the patio, so we had a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains during dinner!  Well worth it and we will definitely go back again.
So I finally got to try this place out today.. . Came here with the boyfriend around noon. We started off with the duck. 5 stars. The meat was so delicious and tender. It fell right off the bone. Neither one of us are a cherry fan, but we liked the cherries that came with this appetizer.. . For the entree, I had the classic steak and fries. The fries were very thin and crisp, almost like fry chips. I enjoyed these a lot. I ordered my steak medium, but it wasn't pink at all. However, still tender. The steak, in my opinion, was just okay. I would not pay $25 for it again. . . My boyfriend ordered the patty melt. He likes almost everything in the world, but did not enjoy this meal at all. The party melt came with a thousand island dressing, which he hates. I can't recall if it said this on the menu..... . The bread that they serve is just like in France. It was warm and crisp, even the butter was delicious.. . The service was very good, our server's name was Katherin. Our waters were constantly being filled.. . I loved the environment. It was super windy today so we sat inside near a window, right by the bar.. . I would come back, but next time I would like to try breakfast.
The steak with the peppercorn sauce was really good! Expect an expensive meal, but that's pretty standard for Vegas. They were out of a few things as we were there during one of many conventions, so we missed out on the bread pudding. But the scallop appetizer was tasty (if small), and the chocolate tart was delicious! I'd definitely go back for the steak - it was yummy!
Mon Ami Gabi is a great place for breakfast or brunch.  Make reservations on opentable.com for weekends.  (However, you can't make reservations on opentable for the outdoor patio).  The outdoor patio has a great view of the Bellagio fountains right across the street.  . . The eggs benedict was perfect.  The real winner was the hash browns that had some cheesy goodness mixed in.
One of the better restaurants in Vegas. I go specifically for the Chicken and Brie sandwich which is amazing, with caramelized onions. The service is always great, servers are friendly and prompt. I recommend Patio seating if it's not too hot or too cold, for a view of the strip and people watching.
Awesome food along the strip.   The atmosphere is loud and the lighting is dark but we didn't mind.
Wow i had the trout and it's probably the best I've ever had - simply delicious.  It was well seasoned with a slightly crunchy outside and a moist inside.  Mmmmm!  Friend had the lobster roll which he said was very good.  We shared an escargot but neither of us found it impressive compared to others we've had.  The salads were very good.  Did i mention the trout?  Mmmmmmmmmm.
Evocative of a sidewalk cafe in gay Paree, but with that Vegas vibe. Wandered in for a late breakfast. Was able to watch the Bellagio fountain show as well as the strip denizens slipping on by. Food was above average. Wait staff attentive. I'd go back to this place.
It was good I like the outside
I have been here for Dinner on a Sunday night with my girl friend. I must say it's a damn good place for romantic dinners..the ambiance is quite classy and beautiful..the waiters were very friendly......the french onion soup and the scallops entree were good...........the only minimal complaint i have is it's a bit pricey...........we finished off with a White Chocolate Bread pudding dessert which topped all the items of our dinner....I sure recommend this place for romantic dinners at least :)
Birthday Vegas Trip: 4/3 - 4/9, 2013. One of my favorite meals of the trip!  . . We found ourselves one morning up with the sun and full of energy.  So after a quick peruse of Yelp, we decided to walk over to The Paris and try this place for a nice early breakfast.  We were seated out front with a lovely view of The Strip - a nice mix of fellow early risers, joggers, people off to work, and a few lost souls who had never made it home the night before!  Needless to say, excellent people watching out on the porch.. . Our waiter was FABULOUS and I am kicking myself for forgetting his name.  Super handsome man, too ;)  His presentation of the specials convinced me to get a special Eggs Benedict with spinach and mushrooms.  My fiance chose French Onion Soup and a croissant.  Because, as our waiter so eloquently put it "You're in Vegas, you can do whatever you want!"  French Onion Soup at 7 am?! Why not!  Paired with a Bellini for me and a Chimay for fiance, it was a truly delicious breakfast.  . . Highly recommended for breakfast!
A friend who lives in Henderson recommended this place and after checking other Yelp reviews we decided to give it a try. Located inside Paris Las Vegas Hotel and Casino, just go inside and hang a left. Myself and two friends dined here for lunch on Sunday 7-April. Most things on the menu looked appetizing and of course Steak Frites is classic French so you can't go wrong there. I had the Prime Steak Sandwich which I enjoyed very much. It came with a side that was a cross between potato chips and french fries. A much lighter option to fries and still tasty. I did try the Steak Frites as a friend ordered it. I would not hesitate to order that item. It was cooked perfectly as was the steak for my sandwich. I washed it  all down with a classic French Beer - Kronenbourg 1664. They of course have a full bar and a fairly extensive wine menu. The wait staff had name tags but the only thing listed was a number which I found odd. Staff-wise they were all friendly and accommodating. Outside seating seems to be a hot commodity but we wanted to sit inside anyway since it was a little warm out there. One oddity was the lack of crepe options. I would have expected a fairly extensive crepe menu for both savory and sweet crepes. I mean, it's all just toppings really. A crepe is a crepe so to limit what your kitchen staff can put inside said crepe seems odd, especially for a French restaurant. Overall it was a great lunch and we would all eat there again. If you are thinking about it, give it a shot.
Very good eating experience and excellent service. Definitely a place where to go back when out dining in Vegas.
always good and delicous.  Love the outside sitting to watch the belagio water show while enjoying my meal..  Love the skirt steak and fries!
Good food that includes a killer patio right on the strip.
The view was amazing!  I would come here again just because of location and the great view of the Bellagio fountains.  Service was great too.  After we started eating, our table had to be slightly shifted to make room for a wheelchair.  So the manager came to us, apologized, and moved the table by a few inches and then offered to give us free desserts.. . The food on the other hand was so-so, yet surprisingly filling.  Overall I would recommend this place, people definitely come here for the experience.
I had dinner here with my two girlfriends and were serendipitously given a table with a view of the Bellagio fountain show. Atmosphere was absolute perfection and very romantic. There is quite a bit of a wait (approx 20 mins) even with a reservation so it can be a bit frustrating at first. However, once you are seated, the staff is wonderfully efficient and serve you freshly baked French bread (very tasty) and butter with shredded carrot appetizer (on the house) before you can bat an eyelash. Our entrees were served to us within 5-10 minutes of ordering. Amazing! . . I ordered the Steak Au Poivre, which is with the black peppercorn sauce. It was cooked to a perfect medium and tasted delicious. Entrees typically come with a mound of thin French fries. We shared a bread pudding, which I cannot remember due to the overconsumption of Sangria that night. But I remember that it was tasty and served a la mode. My most salient memory of this place---they have STRONG sangrias. Order them if you want a nice glow during dinner. . . Overall, I really liked this little cafe. It's a bit different from my usual, which is just your average mom and pop hole-in-the-wall shop. But I found it to be nice without being overly pretentious. . . Tips: Make a reservation because this place is veryyy popular and packed with people on the weekend.
One of my all time favorite places to eat dinner.  Great food and great service for a reasonable price, considering you are on The Strip in big LV.  I always have the Ribeye steak with papas and it has never disappointed. Outstanding Martinis with blue cheese stuffed olives. The wait can be a bit long, but considering all you get, including an exciting, up tempo atmosphere, it is worth it. I
This is one of my mainstay spots, when the sun is out and I want to feel like I have gone out on the town, off I go to Mon Ami Gabi. It really is a combination of the ambiance and the food, how can you go wrong when you are sitting outside, enjoying french food, faced with the spectacular performance of the Bellagio fountains, topped with the shockingly, in-your-face exposure of the best people watching in Las Vegas. I love it! Having worked in the fashion business for years, largely based in New York, I am thoroughly convinced that the true pleasures of Vegas demands that every man and women dig deep into their closet and find that outfit that screams 'take me to Vegas', chosen completely for our entertainment.  Keep in mind, you choose to go at a busy time and want to sit outside, as half the world does in the nice weather, you need to strategically pick that off moment or you will have a long wait. Everyone wants to sit outside. . . Ok, now lets address the food, it is excellent for the most part. I always seem to order the Steak and Frites Classic and it is delicious, however, my only pet peeve, which I always forget to mention, is that when I ask for the sauce on the side they bring it near frozen. I never get that, I think the obvious thing would be to serve it slightly heated rather then chilled. Well, they never fail to do it and if I can't get my ducks in order to  remember to point that out. By the way, the muscles are to die for. I also recommend that you sign up for their rewards program to earn points. It is worth it as we were just there the other day and I had a $40.00 credit, nice perk, It bought my wine.. . I have always had great table service with interesting waiters/waitresses and the busser's are on it. But, it is a hit-miss with the hostess stand. I have this frustration with those holding the 'first' position who cannot look me in the eye and giggle between each other. My experiences have often started with an unpleasant and often somewhat confused hostess. Unlike a tourist, I am a sure thing, as I know what is behind the door, but if I was a visitor there are many occasions where I would simply pass on the wait due to the rude, impersonal interaction with the host. Front desk aside, it is a fantastic spot and great food!!
I went here with some business colleagues, and had a wonderful time. The food and wine were delicious, and the waiters were very attentive. Would love to come back the next time I'm in Vegas.
Mon Ami Gabi is a great place to go and sit on the patio. It is always busy and you def. need a reservation. The steaks and fish are great. They have a nice wine selection.. . I have been here many times with big groups. The prime rib seems to be a group favorite. I personally love the fish. . . I think the prices are fair and it is a great tourist attraction.
Location, location, location. . A modestly priced steak dinner in one of the best location in Vegas. . Wait until late afternoon when the sun sets behind the Bellagio. Request outside seating. You will be seated outside on The Strip, above the heads of people walking by, across from the Bellagio fountains. . Incredible.... You'll have a wonderful experience.
We had a beautiful early dinner here on a Saturday night during our Girls' trip to Vegas.  The other ladies had previously been here, and while I have dined at the Eiffel Tower restaurant, I had never been to Mon Ami Gabi.  Who knew you could get such a good view of the Bellagio fountains without actually being at the Bellagio!. . Obviously you want to eat on the patio.  We made reservations through OpenTable for 4:45 and requested the patio, but then read that the patio is seated in a first come first serve basis, so you can't actually request it ahead of time.  Well luckily for us, they had a table for six, perfectly shaded by an umbrella and seated us just in time for a fountain show.  This place was packed!  Even so early on a Saturday!  . . We ordered a carafe of sangria for the table (lovely) and a St. Germain's cocktail carafe (also lovely, but good in smaller portions, so thank goodness there were six of us).  We also shared a goat cheese appetizer.  Not enough garlic bread comes with the order to sop up all the extra tomato sauce, but luckily their baguettes for the table are just as delicious and will be replenished if you ask.  The most impressive thing was the one of us was on a gluten-free diet, so not only did she get a special gluten-free menu, but they brought her gluten free bread!  Not bad.  The rest of us enjoyed our gluten-packed alternatives and the pickled carrots that came with it were something I'd never think to serve with bread and butter, but strangely worked.  . . For the entrees 2 of us got steak, 2 got fish, one got veggies, and one got chicken.  The portions are very plentiful, the sauces well-balanced, and the food was all fresh and warm.  I opted for the filet au poivre.  We were informed the filets were so tender we could cut them with a butter knife...which may explain why we didn't get steak knives.  While I do love fork-tender meat, i also sometimes appreciate a steak knife, even if I "don't need it".  I hit a little gristle at one point that was very hard to work through with just my regular table knife, but at that point it wasn't worth it to ask for the steak knife.  Other than that, the steak tasted wonderful, and it was cooked perfectly rare for my tastes.  My second gripe, though, was with the "fries" that came with it.  I love that they're innovative and these aren't just typical steak fries, but unfortunately they didn't float my boat.  They were very much a cross between fries and chips.  I'm not a fan of potato chips unless they're flavored or I have dip for them.  But when I'm eating a nice filet, I especially am not in the mood for potato chips.  Le sigh.  They weren't committed enough to either the fry or the chip lineage, so I was left disappointed.  Now I imagine for the rest of the dining public, they'd probably love a chip/fry hybrid.  Sadly, even a side of mayo to dip my fries in (it's so good!  and very belgian) didn't help much.  . . We were too stuffed for dessert, sadly, but in all the dining experience was lovely, and the food really was delicious (minus my personal vendetta against the "fries").  I would gladly go back, because you get a nice meal for a much more reasonable price than at many of the other fancy Vegas gourmet restaurants with an unbeatable view.
My friends and I went here as our last dinner in Vegas. It is just so pretty and classy in there and it was a great way to end the trip with a bang :) This place is pretty pricey but hey, youve already made the trip out here and probably spent hella money. The wait wasntthat bad actually because we went on a Monday night.. . I got the onion soup and it was my first time having it. I was expecting it to be jam packed with flavor but I personally didnt think it was that great. The layer of cheese onion on top was too thick and I just thought it was a weird combo. I got the Filet Mignon for $32 and split with a friend since we didnt want to be bloated before heading out. The meat was super tender and tasted very buttery. I loved the frites because they were so fried and delicious. Id much rather have that than huge pieces of potatoes.. . The atmosphere and the ambiance was great and the food was good but overpriced. . . **TIPS**. 1) I would skip out on the onion soup unless you like really like it.. 2) Dress to impress when you go here :). 3) Enjoy!
The food was solid, the ambiance was nice, prices were a lot more than $$ contrary to what Yelp says however, I did not appreciate eating in the bar stool chairs.  Not compfortable at all, so I recommend holding out for a real table.
I had Mon Ami on our list of restaurants to visit while in Vegas and fortunately we did get to squeeze in an early dinner here.  It has a prime location on the strip across from the beautiful Bellagio water show.  We sat inside yet had a great view.  Considering that the restaurant is very busy, we had good service. . We began with the smoked salmon appetizer- served in the traditional  French style-very good. We accompanied our meal with a bottle of Meursault.  Our main courses were:. Gabi fried fish fillet with steak frites- so good and the fries were paper thin. . Caramelized scallops with pea puree-this dish was really enjoyable. . Dessert-our server highly recommended the white chocolate bread pudding- he was sooo right. . I was pleasantly surprised to find a restaurant that offered good food, service and a beautiful view.  There is usually a trade off but not at Mon Ami Gabi.
$20 for half a chicken, mashed potatoes, mushrooms and bacon? Done deal. Amazing.
The escargot and steak were superb, but I wish the menu was a bit more robust.
I have been here twice. The first time I came I got the cheese plate, trout, and the warm chocolate tart for dessert. I absolutely loved the cheese plate. The cheeses were served with a sprinkle of honey on top in addition to some nuts and raisin nut bread. The cheese just melts in your mouth and the combination of the nuts and honey make it awesome. The trout was cooked just right with a some toasted almonds on top,and the chocolate tart was the perfect way to end the meal. The second time I went was this past weekend. I knew that it was famous for its steak, so I decided to order one. I ordered the steak bordelaise which is steak topped with a carmelized onion red wine sauce. This dish was to die for. The steak was juicy and tender, and it had great flavoring. It came with a side of hand-cut frites which were also really good. The service was great both times. Definitely coming back my next trip to vegas.
My husband and I come here a lot for brunch. Their Blood Mary bar is awesome and super yummy! I love their food...I only wish they had a larger menu...but I've never had anything there that I wouldn't order again. Enjoy!
Out of all the places on the strip to eat, this has to be one of the chillest. I went here solo in late April, and loved it. . . After my 40 minute standing wait for a seat at the outside bar, I was pleasantly seated with my glass of wine i'd been sipping on enjoying the view. What's that view? Well the strip of course, and you're smack dab in front of the Bellagio. It's worth the wait just to sit on my ass, drink, and people watch from a dimly lit, ear numbing hum of a packed restaurant. Though don't think it's not tolerable, because even at 10 o'clock at night its packed, and when that fountain goes off across the street. It's perfect. At the time Frank sinatra was blasting across the street, beautiful pressure filled cannons were shooting droplets of water high into the sky. Hell Imust of had a good buzz by then, when my preoccupation became fixed on staring into the night sky, with all the chaos around me.  . . After losing a lot of money on slots I was cautious in my order decisions. I had a couple glass' of the house red, which was maybe 9 bucks and change. A decision of duck was made, with classically french bread in order. That bread? Yeah that breads free with your meal, so stuff your face with it. Don't forget the butter, lots of it. Your baguettes no good if you're not slathering the damned thing in copious amounts of butter.. . Compliments of the chef that night; a light and airy shredded carrot, cabbage, and ginger root medley. Presented nicely like a scoop of ice-cream. Presentation: simple, execution on texture and most importantly flavor: devine. Hints of red wine vinegar pulled the strings together. If only they were ice-cream, they were begging to be.. . Roasted duck came with a small but adequate micro salad, hence the micro part you say. But I do want some roughage when I'm cannibalizing on a fresh, juicy piece of french duck in America's city of excess. If they can fly in fresh seafood overnight across the street, where's my fresh plucked greens from the countryside of southern France? The ducks the best I've ever had, period. And marinated bing cherries bring the superb amount of sour needed to such a rich slab of meat. . . All in all it's good. So sit down, drink some wine, and enjoy some classically french dishes. Escape the heads below you that are sipping on their expired Jimmy Buffett margarita's, the live nude girls guaranteed to you in 20 minutes or less, and the all alluring card table. But please, sit outside, you may want to not be seen or be heard. But theres so much to see, so much to hear, and even more to feel.
The food is your typical fare, although a bit above-average than you would find in other "Casino" restaurants.  You will also pay "Casino" prices for your food and drinks.  However, to off-set any misgivings, get a table at the outdoor patio for great people watching and The Bellagio water fountain show along The Strip.  Bon Apetit.
I absolutely loved this place. Went with a few of my dad's friends while they were in town and we were all very pleased with the food. Ordered a cheese tray for an appetizer which was delicious and for dinner I ordered the mussels. I am a mussel connoisseur and I ate the entire bowl in about 2 minutes. Everyone else who was with me ate their meal about just as fast as well. Food was delicious and now on to the dessert...oh my word! Absolutely amazing. If I have friends that come into town, I will definitely be taking them here. Definitely worth the price, which isn't too bad, and is a crowd pleaser.
You must eat outside when you come to Mon Ami for the view of Bellagio's fountain. The pancakes are delicious. The omelettes are excellent. I've never been here for dinner so I can't comment on their steaks.
Lovely breakfast on the patio overlooking the strip. Good eggs benedict. Not too bad on price (for Vegas, anyway). Would go back happily.
loved this restaurant.   My friends are visiting me after few days we are doing the touristy route and we end up in Vegas.  Just don't expect such fasting booking when  you just walk in.  We waited 45 minutes to get in but was well worth it.  We wanted outside section and while waiting we walked around and played a bit.  The only thing was the closeness of the tables but I guess they are trying to squeeze as many as possible.  We tried their trout and hamburger steak and corfeit and deserts were also great.  Off course parking is great we always go on top; since paris is always packed and busy.   You are paying a bit high for the view you get with bellagio foutains and people walking by.
The wife and I went to Mon Ami Gabi for my birthday dinner yesterday.  My wife made a reservation for 5:15, but then because of a show we wanted to see, she decided to play it safe and reschedule the reservation for 5:00.  This was no problem at all.. . When we arrived at about 4:45, it seemed a little empty but that's because most people were outside on the patio overlooking the strip and the Bellagio fountains.  We also requested to be seated outside, and we got a table easily (Probably because it was so early).  I would recommend going closer to sunset, as we were partially exposed to the sun for the entire meal.  However, patio seating is first come, first serve so it may be a lot tougher to secure a table later in the evening... (The inside looked very romantic as well). . I tried the Frangria, which was good enough to last me the entire meal.  We started with the warm Brie and the French Onion Soup, both of which were pretty amazing.  My wife ordered the classic steak with the butter sauce, and I tried the one with the bleu cheese.  She went medium, and because I was curious about the difference, I went with medium-rare.  Both steaks were cooked as ordered, and the difference between the two was obvious.  Many restaurants, unfortunately, screw this up...  But not Mon Ami Gabi!. . Even though we were pretty full after the meal, I received an ice-cream puff type thing as a birthday dessert.  That wasn't bad either.. . Service was excellent!  It seemed the guy filling up water and taking away dishes was sitting behind us just waiting until the glasses or plates were empty!  Our waiter was very attentive, and while we didn't try to test out his knowledge of thefood or beverages, we had zero complaints about him.  . . So, for the drink, brie, soup, and two steaks, we paid about $85 before the tip.  . . For the quality of the food, and the overall atmosphere compared to other restaurants, the price was right!  (Gordon Ramsay steak is an average of $100 per plate.). . While, I'll probably be more interested in trying a different steakhouse next time around (only because I like new things), we definitely want to come back and try out Mon Ami's brunch someday.
We had just arrived in Vegas on a Thursday afternoon and wanted our first meal after flying all morning to be great. Mon Ami Gabi did not disappoint. We arrived around 2PM and were seated at an outside table with a fantastic view of The Eiffel and of he Strip for prime people watching. Service was attentive. Food was quite yummy. We ordered a new drink on the menu that had lavender, pineapple and vodka. It was so divine we had two (first bartender made it better than the second). . . We kept it simple with a shrimp cocktails appetizer (fresh, plump and succulent) and with burgers which came with their hand cut fries. Delicious and believe me, it is in fact easy to mess up a burger. The hand cut fries were perfect for snacking on later in the day. . . I wish I had been brave enough to order the lobster roll. Something tells me they would have in fact done it justice. Highly recommend this place.
We had a late breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi.  There was a long line out front but everyone was waiting for patio seating.  We were able to sit immediately indoors.  Menu is very French, very rich.  My son had blueberry French toast (should have been listed on the dessert menu).  I tried the mixed berry big skinny pancakes which were described as very thin.  I was thinking German pancakes at Ihop but they were more crepe-like.  I think they would have been better a bit more dense, spongy, as opposed to flaky and almost crispy and dry on the ends.  My husband enjoyed the eggs benedict of the day as well as all of their lovely breads.  Overall high quality restaurant with terrific service.
Awesome location, food, and service for any meal of the day. Great vegetarian options and the wine list rocks.
One of my favorite places to go on a beautiful Vegas day to eat outside and see the Bellagio fountain show at the same time! Does it get any better??  I love French food so I was worried the food might not live up to my expectations but it is good and their bread is great!!
This has been on my list of restaurants to try for a VERY long time, and I finally got to eat there this past weekend.. . So, first off, please, save the trouble and call ahead to make reservations, this place is very popular. . . I showed up with a party of 6 on a Saturday night. The hostesses were all very kind and accommodating even with 2 of our people running a little late. We luckily ended up getting a table outside with a fantastic view of the Bellagio fountains.. . Our server was absolutely fantastic and helpful, and most of the staff had that great level of professionalism you expect from a high end restaurant. Everyone at the table ordered differentappetizers and they were phenomenal. I had the smoked salmon which was really incredible, I highly recommend it. . . The baked goat cheese appetizer was ginormous, as was the onion soup au gratin. . . Everyone loved their food. Seriously, their was a hush over the table as everyone savored their meals. I will say, I got the chicken paillard and was somewhat dissapointed in how dry the chicken was, so, I would not recommend that. The sauce and veggies it came with were good though. The trout amandine was delicious as well.. . Overall, it was a wonderful experience, the food and ambiance are lovely, this place is excellent for a date night or an intimate outing with friends. GO! I can't wait to try their breakfast/brunch menu.
I do like the atmos and food but $$$$, poop some chang out
I have loved Mon Ami Gabi for years.  The best bouillabaisse in town.  The outdoor seating is a little touristy, but can be romantic with the Bellagio fountain show directly across the Boulevard.  Also, any seafood dish is delectible.
I've eaten here twice for breakfast on the patio. The food is good & so is the service. On our last visit, my husband had the beef bourguignon eggs benedict special, & I had the croque madame w/ pomme frites. Both were really good. I also had the orange chocolate chip muffin, which I loved. The restaurant is a great place to eat for a fantastic view of the strip. Go early in the morning for a fantastic & weather friendly breakfast outside!
I'm usually skeptical of Vegas strip restaurants but I was pleasantly surprised with how good the food was over here. Thanks to all the Yelp review mentions of the French Onion Soup, of course had to try that. Their salad and other items were good too and just as everyone else has said, if you sit in the patio you can see the Bellagio fountains!
For a restaurant on the strip, I come here pretty often along with Todd English Olives. I'm usually here for dinner so I can't say much for brunch. Be sure to make a reservation to avoid long waits. Patio seating is great for a view of the Bellagio fountain. I'm usually here for the steak, sea scallops, or mussles. Other things on the menu, I haven't found anything else too impressive yet. The onion soup can be disappointing. Escargot was disappointing. . . The few times I was here for weekend brunch, the food was alright but nothing too memorable. However, I've had cheaper and better brunch off the strip so I don't bother with brunch here.
They have very unique thin steaks that have great flavor.  Directly across from the fountains at the Bellagio so you get a great view with dinner as well.
Hanger steak was good.  I can't remember the name but there is a French beer that is really good.
One more time while I'm here!. . Great eggs benedict here but going to try something different. Going w the pancakes!. . Breakfast of champs!
If and when I get up in time for breakfast in Vegas (I mean, who does after a night of boozing and drunken shenanigans?)--this is where I go.  . . Their French toast is one of my favorites!  . Thick-cut, custardy toast paired with blueberry compote and incredibly rich, velvety-smooth vanilla creme fraiche..... . Can you say NOM??. . It's always a good experience here.  Come check it out.
Finally made it to Mon Ami Gabi!  I drive by it everyday at work, and I always heard good things...so when Iwas craving Escargot for lunch, this was the first place that came to mind!. . Escargots De Bourgogne : Oven Roasted Snails in Garlic-Herb Butter. These were very good, and the garlic/herb butter was great!  Hit the spot for our craving :)  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mon-ami-gabi-las-vegas-2?select=b4nRLCaDHXgmKXlkrwdALw#b4nRLCaDHXgmKXlkrwdALw. . First entree was the Croque Monsieur : Ham, Gruyere Cheese, Creme Fraiche. This was a great sandwich! I really liked the combination of tastes and flavors esp when adding the spicy mustard!  Yummy!  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mon-ami-gabi-las-vegas-2?select=LJuJ8l7hocQY3wSaTKx96Q#LJuJ8l7hocQY3wSaTKx96Q. . Second was the Steak Frites Classique : Maitre D'hotel Butter. This was a very good thin cut steak...fork/tender cut of beef. The flavor was great with the butter and herb top as well!  I think this will be one of the best steaks on the strip for $20-25!  Pic :  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mon-ami-gabi-las-vegas-2?select=Hqc8Y10ceuyh3zSZGVtueQ#Hqc8Y10ceuyh3zSZGVtueQ. . If you sit outside, you will have a decent view of the fountains as well as people watching on the strip.  Service was fast and friendly here as well.. . They are CRAZY busy here though...make a reservation, most likely an hour or two ahead during lunch hours at least!  But it will be worth the wait :P
Love this place.  It is our go-to breakfast spot whenever we are in Vegas.  Awesome bloody mary bar for the hubby and mimosas for me.  Delicious ham and cheese crepes and omelets.  Service is always on par and its absolutely enjoyable to sit outside on the patio and people watch the strip nonsense.
One of my favs in Las Vegas.  Divinely french with delicious food and if you are lucky enough to snag a patio table you get the added bonus of great people watching.  . . The escargot are very nice and garlicky and the steak is always cooked to perfection.  We had a vegetarian with us one visit and they were so amazing and accommodating, it was unbelievable considering how busy this restaurant always is.  Never had a bad meal or experience here.. . Do yourself a favor and reserve a table - a walk up may be over an hour wait at certain times.
Great location! right across from the fountains at the Bellagio and on the street for people watching.  We ate outside and even though it was 90 degrees, the AC was cranked up inside and leaked out to the outside tables.  I do not like to be hot, so it was perfect! . Had the onion soup, it was only OK, sweet without any beef or onion flavor.  Ordered the filet, medium rare.  First one came out well done. The second one raw in the middle. The third one cam out medium instead of medium rare, but I ate it anyway.  It was good, but would have been great if it had been properly cooked. My husband got the NY strip and it came out perfect. It is huge at 16 oz. The waiter tried his best, but the kitchen let us down.  . Four stars for hubby's meal and mine steak once it was done properly, other wise 5 stars for location and the rest of the food.
Very pleasant experience and great service!. . The outdoor patio is first come, first serve, so come early if you want a good spot. I was fortunate enough to get seating right on the edge of the patio and the entire experience was fantastic. . . I ordered a fantastic steak, as did my boyfriend, and we both enjoyed our meal. The servers were quick and they were friendly. I will most definitely be back to Mon Ami Gabi whenever I am up for a tasty and romantic meal with the boyfie. . . I did have to send my steak back the first time (hence the -1 star) because it was overcooked. I received my steak cooked properly right away, though, and the manager was apologetic for the mistake.. . TIP: Baked Goat cheese with garlic bread was phenomenal.
Yes, this is super touristy but the food is actually good and not super expensive either so I liked the place. The terrace facing the Bellagio falls is first come first serve seating only so you'd have to wait an hour or so for those seats. Inside it feels more like a French brasserie. We shared the Brie starter and I had the seared scallops while my bf had the Beef Wellington. The food is quite good. And the wine list is very much reasonably priced so we ordered a bottle. Over all a good option for a restaurants within a casino.
I love this place. I come here every time I'm in Vegas. There's a great view of the fountains and it's always great weather. So why not?. . Anyway, the food is always delicious and service is spot on. We got some eggs benedict and .. I can't remember what everyone else had but .. YUMMY! The lunch here is great too. . . One thing is that while being my birthday breakfast, I wish that they had something special for those occasions. But aside from that? I'm a fan.
The food and service here was good.  Bonus for having a kids menu and crayons and drawing paper.
+Healthier menu options! . +Brunch is so good.. +Loaf of bread/baguette included for the table. . -Steak is very, very thin. Ask for anything other than well done and you will be disappoint. . -Servers come around once asking if you want coffee, and then rarely ever again for refills.. . Actually been here twice already even though I've only checked in once. . First time, we came for lunch and I got the steak. I made a huge mistake of ordering my steak rare. Because the steak is so thin, I pretty much got a medium-done steak. The steak was pretty tasty, but I really do prefer my steaks/burgers RARE, so I was very disappointed. . The second time, I was there for breakfast/brunch. I got the egg white omelet. The consistency of the omelet is very interesting... it's INCREDIBLY fluffy, which was a bit weird to me at first, but still pretty tasty. It can be a bit bland though, so I added a bit of salt and it was perfect. . I hear the french toast is amazing, and will be getting that next time!
The filet mignon was fantastic!  Service was great.  Even with reservations the wait was annoying and it gets packed by the door. As with any other restaurant in Vegas, it was a bit spendy but worth it for the food and service.
Great food.
I can only speak to the breakfast here. You can sit right out on the strip in front of the Paris hotel across the street from Bellaggio. I love the breakfast options the restaurant has to offer. The bacon was especially delicious. Service with a smile and always professional. You can sit out under an umbrella and still feel the air condition from inside the restaurant. This is my favorite breakfast spot on the strip.
Great atmosphere, food and service.  They ran 15 minutes late on our reservation but we got an excellent table (covered patio section which is air conditioned) which is the best for people watching. Keep in mind a reservation is only for an inside table, you have to get in another line to get on the list for outside.  The wines were very inexpensive and the kale/egg salad was fantastic.
Brenda's daughter took us to Mon Ami Gabi for a Sunday breakfast to show off the place she works and to have us try their food since she knows we enjoy a good meal. Although the place looks like it might be expensive considering it's right on The Strip, the prices were reasonable. Since we only had breakfast, it's the only meal this review is based on. If you're going for lunch or dinner, check out other reviews elsewhere.. . Although we had reservations for 10:00, we wanted to sit on the patio which is first-come, first-served. We only had to wait about 10 minutes for a table to open, but that's probably because the daughter worked here. Had she not, we probably would have been waiting a bit longer. If the weather is nice, we'd recommend patio seating. Some people complain about the smell of the exhaust, but we never noticed it. It's a great place to people-watch and has a great view of the Bellagio fountains.. . We started with coffee while we were checking out the menu. It was nice and strong without the bitter taste you can get when restaurants just add too much coffee grind to the water. Their fresh squeezed orange juice was also very good, but I would have preferred it a bit colder. I had their special of the day which was similar to Eggs Florentine but without the artichoke. The egg was poached to perfection--little dispersion of the egg white and when cut into, the yolk just flowed over the English muffin. The breakfast potatoes were good, but nothing you can't find at most other places. The nice thing about eating at more upscale restaurants is that the food is usually properly seasoned before it comes to your table so there is no need to add additional salt or pepper to get the flavor correct. Brenda had the mixed berry pancakes. Any time she sees something on the menu with "berry" in it, she'll probably order it. The pancakes were closer to crepes than what Americans think of as pancakes, but they were still good. The daughter had an egg-white omelet along with the fresh fruit bouquet that we all shared. The portion size might be considered small if compared to IHOP or another restaurant chain that specializes in breakfasts, but we didn't go away hungry. Our only mistake was that we should have ordered some croissants and baguettes to go with breakfast. That's one thing we miss from the time we lived in Europe--the ability to hit the local bakery for some great, fresh breads every morning. The next trip we'll have to try the quiche or the French toast. Both looked good as they passed our table on the way to someone else.. . All through the meal the service was outstanding, but when you sit on the patio there's just on aisle between two rows of tables so it's not hard to catch a waiter. We'd definitely stop back here again for breakfast; however, a quick scan of their dinner menu really didn't excite us. It looked like there were a lot of good things on the menu, but there are plenty of other restaurants in Vegas where you can get the same things.
Good food, and great view. Before eating dinner we had drinks in the Eiffel Tower restaurant in Paris. I'm happy that we only had a drink, and then dined at Mon Ami Gabi. The view of the strip was great, and the people watching was even better.. . My husband and I both had the special which was the beef wellington with spinach. The steak was cooked perfectly and the puff pastry was perfectly crisp. The mashed potatoes were also tasty as a side. The best part is this restaurant has great food and doesn't break the bank. I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a good meal on The Strip.
Great bang for the buck in Vegas. Worth a visit if you are looking for a nice eatery without breaking the bank and getting your money's worth. . . Escargots - Sauce tasted great, reminded me of muscles. . . Frisee, Kale & Warm Bacon Salad with soft-poached egg - AWESOME. Not sure why I haven't seen poached egg used a salad dressing until now, but wow. . . Steak and Fries - Steak is flattened like a flank and tastes great. Get it medium to medium rare since the steak is so thin. Tasted even better 3 hours later, cold. Fries are super crispy and tasty. . . Lamb Burger - It was a special and it was great as well. Funny thing is though, the burger tasted even better the next day for some left overs. . . Go Go Go!!! It is worth your time if you are looking to drop some money (not too much) and want some refinement. . . Oh yea, service was awesome. Some of the best we've seen anywhere.
Love the Chicago one and this one at Paris in las vegas is equally good. Mussels are a great appetizer.
Thu/6 Jun ended up here about 9 pm for dinner.. - Wait was about 15 minutes to seat our group of 9 out on the al fresco/outdoor area which is nicely situated over the Strip sidewalk.. - I had the signature filet mignon which was excellent, as was the service.. - One de-merit for the food was that in our group, 4 people (including me) had entrees which included the Mon Ami Gabi fried potatoes strings(?), kind of a cross between really thin french fries and potato chips.  None of us 4 cared for 'em.
There's no better place in Vegas for lunch than Mon Ami Gabi. Make sure to ask for a table on the patio to get an awesome view of the Bellagio fountains!
Came here with friends a long time ago, the drinks and patio were really fun. Fresh fruit dessert was deeelicious. Recently, I took my boyfriend here before going to see Love and it was good, albeit disappointing. I had a reservation, it wasn't really very busy, and they stuck the two of us right in the middle of the room surrounded by a bunch of families. I dont mind kids or anything like that, but it was weird and we asked to move. Otherwise the food was good, our server was really great.
Worth the wait! This place is gloriously decorated and the staff is wonderful. I wish the patio was available for reservations. Each and every plate was beautifully executed and delicious. This place lives up to its reputation.
Came on a Sunday morning at 7AM.  I think we were the 3rd group there and the place was practically empty.  But even so, the waiters were prompt and attentive.  We didn't feel like they were hoovering over us making sure our coffee cups were full.  We got an outside table.  It was a clear, blue sky morning and warm.  Not many people walking the strip (probably sleeping in from the night before).  A couple runners here and there.  . . Ordered:. - coffees. - croissant sandwich. - big skinny pancakes (I think it was a special of the day). - homemade brioche. . Coffee was great.  Smoother than Starbucks Blonde (as a comparison).  Croissant sandwich was good.  Nothing really special about it.  Skinny pancakes were great.  Never had them before.  With the whip cream and fruit, it was a light n sweet treat to compliment my black coffee.  Never had brioche, so I didn't know what to expect.  But at first sight, it looked like a french toast without the syrup or egg brush.  Just a thick toast basically with a side of butter.  In comparison, to everything we ordered, the brioche was the most bland (maybe that's what it's suppose to be).  Overall, I think the price of the food could be a bit cheaper.  Maybe knock of $2/item on the breakfast menu while keeping the same quality/portions would be fair.  If that were the case, I would compensate by tipping the waiter more.  . . Detailed Ratings:. Service: 5. Ambiance/View: 5. Food: 4
had filet was exellent had some amazing sauce on it yummer
I had dinner with my mom here on a Friday night around 5:30 and we were seated right away, no wait. . Service was great, very friendly ,knew the menu and we never waited long for anything. . First they bring you a warm loaf of bread with butter, crusty and soft just like bread should be. . We started with the warm goat cheese in marinara with pesto garlic bread, it was delicious and so hard to stop eating . It was a large serving for two.. For our mains I had the Vegetable farcis (five) stuffed veggies on a bed of Quinoa and tomato. It was good, not amazing, egg plant was over cooked and the rest of the stuffed veggies were 1 maybe 2 bites. For a side we shared some garlic spinach which was good. My mom had the trout, it had great flavor and she was very happy with what she had. . Lastly we shared the profiteroles, a pastry filled with vanilla ice cream and covered with a hot fug sauce. I dont think you can go wrong with that, they were yummy. . I would go again and sit out side and enjoy the views, people watching and some good food.
Great food. Great atomsphere.  Good for lunch or dinner
The food is amazziinngggg! kind of pricey but not too bad for french food
This restaurant is in a great location, right across from the fountains, and has the French sidewalk cafe feel.  The French onion soup was very tasty, a bit sweeter than most, which was fine and lots of cheese, which is great.  The escargot was good, with enough butter anything tastes good.  The skate was a very good entree choice but the filet mignon was over cooked, such as a shame.  The desserts were excellent as you would expect, the creme brulee and the profiteroles.  Overall I would have given them a 5 as the ambiance, location, appetizers, and desserts were all a 5 but the entrees, filet in particular, were a 3.
Mon Ami Gabi is a beautiful restaurant, and there is certainly no shortage of people. If you don't make a reservation, it'll be very hard to get a table in a reasonable amount of time. The restaurant itself is decorated beautifully, and the outdoor dining overlooks the Bellagio fountains, which is an added bonus.. . I started with the escargots, which were very mediocre. Escargots are quite literally my favorite food, so I'm quite the connoisseur when it comes to them. They tasted fine, but they didn't have much flavor. They were definitely forgettable. 5.5/10.. . For my entre, I had the Filet Mignon Merlot. It was very flavorful and the red wine reduction was delicious. The frites were tasty, and very different. I thoroughly enjoyed this, and it was excellent quality. 9/10.. . Service was excellent throughout the night, and everyone was very polite. The entire waitstaff was very helpful and they clearly cared about their customers.
Food was good. Awesome service. Great view of the water show at the Bellagio
Yes, french toast and OJ
My stars:  (5=epic "best of") (4=really tasty and want to go again and again) (3=good and will go back once in a while) (2=fair, might return for a visit if there was some glimmer of hope) (1=avoid at all costs). . Go or No?  Go.. . Tease:  Mon Ami Gabi is a nice French cafe/restaurant in the Paris hotel on the Vegas strip.  It has outdoor seats that have a full on view of the Bellagio water fountain show.. . Why I went:  My wife and I dined with an old friend that now lives in Vegas based on his recommendation.. . When: 11/13/12. . Food:  For drinks, I had a nice Smoky Martini (Hendricks & Laphroaig) and my wife had a refreshing South Frenchman similar to a French Martini.  I had a nice fresh shrimp cocktail for app.  My friend got the steak poivre and loved it.  My wife got the beef short ribs and thought it was well prepared.  It was nice and juicy and not too salty.  I had a perfectly prepared filet mignon.  We split some French bean and mushrooms for sides.  Both were very tasty.  . . Service:  Chris did a great job as our server.. . Hints/Final thoughts:  Mon Ami Gabi is a really nice dining spot.  Especially if you can nab a nice seat outside with a view!   It really has a nice cafe vibe.  The steaks were tasty and well prepared.  Considering the location, the prices are reasonable this French steakhouse.
ive been to this restaurant twice and have had spectacular meals both times. Their flank stanks are their specialty. I have had two different steaks and both have been delicious. Having a table right on the strip looking across at the bellagio water fountain paired with the dim lighting of the restaurant makes it a great place to take someone on a nice date. The only down side of this restaurant has been the staff. Both times i have been disappointed with my server. Just somewhat rude and not coming by the table enough times to refill water and bread, etc
Great stop on our corned beef hash vision quest around Vegas.. . Nice French atmosphere, great patio, good Corned Beef Hash but smaller portions.
You should try the bone in ribeye steak with fries.... The locating is amazing and also they have they have great selection of wines...
A Vegas favorite for the wife and I. Our recommendation - shed the Vegas bustle and pretend you are in Paris. Grab a seat outside, a bottle of French white wine, and then just graze your way through the menu and people watch. Escargot, artisan cheeses, muscles accompanied by a fresh French baguette. You can't beat it. The one thing I must call out is the beef tartar... Honestly, the best I have ever had. Plus, you get a generous portion. I suggest a red Rhone to accompany it. Bon appetite!
Long wait, Good Food, Great Spot.. My food wasn't bad or great. Not memorable which sometimes can be a good thing. . French Fries were pretty good though. :)
Absolutely superb bread! I think the baguette and butter could have sufficed as a meal, for me. . . The steak au poivre was large, tender, succulent and peppery enough for my taste. The crunchy frites served with it I'm not really a fan of, essentially because of the texture. If your palate is not sensitive to crunchy food then I see no reason why you shouldn't enjoy them. . . Service was excellent; received multiple re-fills of water with my meal, and later, coffee (re-fills free, too).  Staff is very attentive, overall.
loved the filet mignon! so tender and juicy!!! :)
Patio Seating with view of the Belllagio water show...well worth the additional 20min wait.  Food was fantastic.  Meat was spot on and those fries - oh those fries: YUM!
Great steak and view!. We request to be seated outside and since it's evening, not hot at all, not mention the strong air con! As we three are not very hungry, we ordered salad, filet steak and daily fish, which are really tasty.
One of my favorite breaky spots on the strip - everything on the breakfast menu is delicious and pairs nicely witha mimosa. . The lunch and dinner menu are very tasty as well but a little too rich for my taste- lot of heavy creams and sauces.. The outdoor dining is perfect as long as it's fall/spring (during the summer I'd only be out there in the morning/night). Great for people watching too if you just want to hang out with a friend a grab a snack.. Service is great- water glasses always full and food brought quickly.
Bon. Le potatoe mash est bon avec chives. I've had better croissants for less money but, the nice environment made up for it.
No one is more amazed than me at the fact that I am writing a four-star review for this restaurant. Normally, I hate most things Vegas. Normally, I avoid chain restaurants (kind of hard to do on the Strip anymore). But last week, I ate here and it was exactly what the doctor ordered.. . KEEP IN MIND - I had a late lunch here -- maybe 1 or 2:00. There was no line for me to wait through. My dining room was nearly empty, with only 2 other tables occupied. We were all thoughtfully seated far from each other. It was exactly what my over-taxed little pea-brain needed on that hot day -- somewhere dark and quiet where I could have a leisurely, quality lunch with attentive service.. . Location was great. Level of noise was low and appropriate. Serve was attentive. Quality (and quantity) of food was high. I would go back.
this place is lovely! i want to meet this friend, Gabi. haha :P. it's so homey, great food, great service.. the waffles SOUNDED perfect - the ideal crisp and soft sounds. beautiful. TASTED just as good as I was expecting. i'm excited just writing about it.. . a great way to start the day - hungover or not ;). . it can get pretty busy it seems and outdoor seating is packed. . . i would definitely come back!
overall, a great experience. We were there on Bastille day, and we really appreciated. the service, the bistro menu. The desserts are just amazing. I would have expected more choice on the menu though.
This place is wonderful, you don't expect to find something that feels this authentic in LV. We had no wait (we sat inside), promptly seated. Our server was a warm and friendly little cutie :). . Their bread is realllllly good, watch out not to fill up. I ordered two apps for my entree, the scallops and the mussels. PERFECT. Seafood was fresh and succulent, the glass of chard I had to accompany was really lovely too. The atmosphere feels cozy like a french bistro even though it's enormous. I really liked this place, would definitely return :)
Mon Ami Gabi is always busy.  Make advance reservations and be sure to be on-time. . Patio seating is available but it's first come first serve.  It's a great view of the Bellagio Hotel and the Fountains of Bellagio.  During the warm season, you're cooled off with water mist that actually dries up before getting on your body.  . . Each time I visit, the service has always been good. . . I love the complimentary loaf of bread that's served to you in a bag.  So warm and fresh. . . I've had the Hanger Steak and the Steak Bordelaise.  Both dishes were delicious but sad to say that this last visit I ordered my hanger steak medium and it came out well done.  . I was too hungry to return it that I just ate it.  The steaks are accompanied with frites AKA french fries and this time around my plate had raw watercress.  I was not a fan of this bitter watercress.  I guess I prefer to have it cooked instead.  . . My dining experience has always been a positive one.
My sister and I ate here for breakfast the morning of her birthday. The waffles were okay - kinda tough. We definitely enjoyed the veggie quiche, though! YUM! The coffee and service were great, too! And they brought out a little cream puff with ice cream and a candle on it for her special day. :). If you arrive early enough or during a lull you should be able to grab a seat on the patio and enjoy the view.
I will back next time in Vegas! I had the best experience here. Wonderful service, explanations and recommendations. So glad I listened to my waiter because I had the best dinner overlooking the Bellagio fountains. My dinner started with a baguette, butter, and glass of rose sparkling wine. The fountains were dancing and the music playing. Can this get any better? YES! The merlot filet mignon arrived with a glass of Bordeaux. I wasn't a fan of the stringy pomme frites- only the ones that were soaked in the merlot sauce- so I ordered a side of spinach. The waiter comped it since I didn't like the pomme frites. I had the best dinner alone I have ever had- I didn't have to focus or have a conversation but to focus on every bite and enjoy the view. . Spectacular location and super romantic - will have to bring my husband back.
This place is a four star over all but the food itself is like 3 stars! I highly recommend reservations ESP if you planned this trip ahead. Great spot to sit and dine at the patio and watch the Bellagio fountains dance to the music! My party ordered the. .  escargot (I loved it). Scallop dish ( superb). Red snapper (was ok, not well seasoned). Steak and frites (didn't try). . I feel like they put too much salt in all their dishes and fish was overlooked. The service we received was impeccable.
Great service and great steaks! Ask to sit near outside, but not outside and you will not be disappointed! The bread and dipping oil was good! We had the steak marinated in red wine and it was a dream. Definitely recommend!
Went here for lunch on a quick 2-night trip to Vegas.. . Location - excellent.  right accross from the bellagio fountains and right on the strip outside and under the Eiffel Tower in Paris.  Sat right inside beyond the patio with the patio doors open.  Great atmosphere for a lunch.. . Service - great.  Not the super-friendliest server but was attentive and quickly brought extra sauces we requested. . Food - very good.  love the toasty baguette they bring.  Very fresh.  We ordered the mussells and the steak sandwich with frittes.  The frittes take a little adjusting compared to American style fries but they were lovely crunchy with good flavor.  I really enjoyed the steak sandwich with melted cheese and au juis sauce for dipping.  the bun seemed like a french version of pretzel bun.  Mussells were good, but not excellent.. . Good lunch experience.  want to go back and try dinner.
There isn't much to say that everyone else hasn't said already. You come here for the whole experience, the view is incredible, the servers very polite, very attentive, and being in the f&b industry, hats off to the whole staff. these guys were like a well-oiled machine. They are crazy busy, but work without breaking a sweat. lines out the door, and the patio area (which is where we sat) is extremely tight, when moving back and forth to carry dishes out to serve. I had the caramelized scallops, for some reason i was in the mood for some, and they were juicy, cooked perfect and had a great flavor to it. A downside was you only got four. I would of liked 6 maybe? not sure what type of scallops they were but i know  they can get pretty expensive, but some are also really cheap.It was accompanied by a veggie fricasse. the actual broth/cream to it was great, if I were to be so critical, my only gripe was that this was a 25$ dish, how about putting some exotic veggies in there maybe? something more than just peas and carrots. The bread/baguette was also good, accompanied with it was a type of tampanade/bruschetta consisting of shredded carrots, green onions maybe and vinegar. either way it complemented it well. The server was also nice enough to bring us a different version of the tampanade which had radish and corn, which was also very good, but i liked the carrots better. Despite the little critical things, I was impressed with everything. A great job by this upscale restaurant or should i say french bistro.
stopped in for a business lunch. this sort of place usually isn't my cup of tea but I will come back for the french onion soup alone. It was almost $10 and worth it. as if I wasn't full enough the steak frites arrived at the table. there was a blue cheese sauce on it. the fries were the perfect size and cooked perfectly. the steak had good flavor. it cost almost $25!! worth every penny. they also serve burgers so I need to come back and give one of them a try. if you like french food then you will love this place. there is really something on the menu for everyone.
We had an enjoyable dinner tonight.  It was really busy but I was able to make a 7:45 pm reservation via Opentable 40 minutes before the reservation.  What made the dinner so enjoyable was the friendliness of the staff, starting with the hostess and ending with our stellar waitress, Tracy.  She checked up on us often without being intrusive.  Our water glasses were filled constantly.  The dishes we ordered included:. . -Two bowls of French Onion Soup- very filling with the right amount of melted cheese and bread.  It was on the sweeter side but good.. -Trout Amandine:  The trout was tasty but just slightly over cooked. The green beans were crispy and well seasoned.. -Mussels Mariniere, full order with frites.  The creamy white  sauce was delicious as a dip for bread.  The mussels were good but a bit too small.  However, the portion was big. The frites were thin fries that were slightly too crispy for me.. -Bread pudding with a scoop of ice cream- it typically is one of my favorite desserts.  However, the  bread was slightly too dense. . . We liked the fresh French bread in a bag.  The restaurant is easy to get to- it is across the street from the Bellagio Fountains. The dining room was dimly lit- I would have preferred a brighter dining area.  Overall, we really liked our friendly and attentive server.  The food was good so I would give it 3.5 stars.
I really enjoyed the food and service here in particular the steak was nice and tender. I would definitely come back the next time I'm inVegas!!!
We sat outside and were treated to a decent view of the fountain show and an even better view of some crazy, yet entertaining, tourists walking by.  Other than that the brunch, most specifically the corn beef hash, was delicious.Would definitely come back for brunch/breakfast!
More like 3.5. Here's why:. . 4 stars for St. Germaine spritz:  Worth it if splitting between friends. Light and sweet, simply delicious.. 3 stars for frangria: a little too bitter and not as tasty as I anticipated.. 4 stars for onion soup (a must) and escargot (garlicky goodness). 3 stars for classique steak frites: overcooked, overpriced, pretty bland.  A couple gfs got the burger and steak sandwich and thought the burgers were ok and steak sandwich was good.  . 4 stars for service: I believe his name is either Noah or Gary from NY. Tall, middle aged man with great conversation, charm, and service. . . Ambiance was nice and quiet.  Perfect after a night of partying or to get away from all the Vegas noise.  I'll be back...
nice gourmet food and classy atmosphere with the water fountain view of Bellagio.. price is reasonable.
I loved the salmon and my bf liked it also .
The ESCARGOT is amazinnnnnnnnng!!!!! Enough said.
After our first decadent evening in Vegas, the first thing on our minds was getting hydrated and nourished ASAP. Our party of four was staying at Paris so it was a no brainer that we'd pay the much praised Mon Ami Gabi a visit for a quick brekkie.. . At 9:30am there was hardly any wait and we all were seated in the glass atrium overlooking the busy strip and Bellagio fountains. With coffee and o2 in hand, we were off to a great start!. . Our server was congenial, efficient and helpful with the menu, as well.  . . We went with the famous Croque Madame, traditional eggs and sausage with crispy hash browns, large mixed berry crepe, and corned beef hash & poached eggs, respectively.  . . There was a bit of a wait but nothing too bad and the food was definitely worth the wait! Everything was fresh, nicely plated and the portions were very generous.. . Our coffees were always topped off and waters constantly filled without asking, which was nice. . . Overall, a fantastic breakfast stop at Mon Ami Gabi. The food was solid, service was on point and the price was very reasonable for the location. . . Next stop, sippin on margaritas in our  poolside cabana :). . Happy Eats!
Simply wonderful! Best dirty martini I've ever had... Seated quickly... Delicious bread... flavorful meals... and fantastic service. -1 star for the confusing nature of the line at the entrance. Otherwise, this restaurant gets it right every time!!'
Our 2nd time here. We wanted to sit in the patio area, but the wait was just too long. Anyway, we already had reservations and were seated within 15 minutes. Once again, service was quick. Note to server: it's ok to smile. . . I'm a little disappointed that they changed their drink menu - Samuel Smith Oatmeal Stout was no longer available dammit! The fresh loaf of bread with the accompanying carrot slaw was yummy! For the appetizer, we started off with the Duck Confit. Skin on the duck was nice and crisp, and the meat literally fell off the bone. After reading mostly positive raves about the Skate Wing, I decided to go ahead and order it for my entree. Great choice! It has a different texture than fish - probably a little more tender, (similar to scallops), but add the lemon-caper brown butter and the cauliflower puree, and you have the perfect blend of 'just right'. Took my time eating it and savored every bite. I will be ordering this dish again in the future! The wife order the Salmon & Leek Quinoa. She said she liked the fish, but didn't really care for the rice. Oh well, you should have stuck to your favorite dish Veruka! For dessert, the server brought her a complementary profiterole, (since it was her birthday), along with her order of Creme brulee. I had the White Chocolate Bread Pudding. The bread pudding wasn't as good as I remembered it to be last time. Maybe it's because I had recently discovered the perfect home-made bread pudding (at my mom's house). We'll try again for patio seating after the summer crowd leaves, and definitely before it gets cold in Vegas again.
I went to my first French restaurant in Seattle, and though it was a cute little place, it was very uncomfortable for me. However, Mon Ami Gabi was so much fun! The menu was unique and the "Frangria" was so enticing that I have a whole new outlook on french food. Though it is a French Steakhouse, I had their Sandwich Du Jour (sp) which is the sandwich of the day and it was AMAZING! Bacon, egg, this interesting spread, on delicious bread, with a side of their very unique french fries. Best brunch/lunch sandwich. So filling! They had a ham and cheese crepe I was eyeing but when the waiting deliciously described the sandwich of the day, I just melted. It was perfect. . . Then their Frangria was their version of sangria and it had fruit and rosemary! Rosemary gave it a very one of a kind way! I was in heaven. . . I am very happy with this trip for a friends birthday and I would like to come back to try their dinner menu! . . OHH also a plus, they sell Kronenbourg 1664, which is one of my FAVORITE beers of all time. . . Thank you for the awesome service as well Mon Ami Gabi. It was a great experience.
Great ambiance and interesting, delicious food.
It was good for what I had.  We had the escargot appetizer which was good, wife had the Skate which is a sting ray type animal.  This is very difficult to prepare and they did a great job.  I encourage either of these for anyone who considers themselves to be adventurous eaters :)
Probably some of the best service I've ever had - from the hostesses to the manager, and our server. We made a reservation for 1pm right on the rail of the patio for 7 people, showed up with 9 people, and they still were able to accommodate graciously. Service was formal, extremely attentive, personable, and very professional. World-class staff. . . Food was very good. I would stop just a bit short of calling it an excellent French restaurant - it's a very very good French-ish restaurant with a focus on seafood and the grill. . . Highlights. - All the food, really. - French onion soup. - Baked goat cheese. - Bone-in rib eyes were near-perfect. - Actual Caesars (not bloody marys). Being Canadian, this is almost a must when recovering from a night of booze. . Lowlights (only a few). - Wasn't blown away by the quality of the seafood on the platter. - Sauces that came with the steaks were gross looking and too oily. - I know what they're trying to do with the fries, but they end up as a bit of an oversalted oily clump. - Caesar salad was drenched in dressing, but that's what you get for ordering a caesar salad at a French restaurant. . As many reviews note, the patio provides some of the best people watching in the city, as well as a great view of the Bellagio fountain show. . . One caution - men must wear sleeved shirts, a problem for one particular show-off on our team.. . TL;DR version: Nearly a must-do when in Vegas for a brunch or late lunch, especially if you like to sit in the sun. I'm sure can be just as good for dinner. Most locals we spoke to say that M.A.G. is excellent, so that's reassuring. Top-quality service, great patio, and very very good food.
My boyfriend and I were in Vegas a few months ago and we wanted to find a budget-friendly but nice dinner. I found this on yelp of course and we had a great time thanks to a little luck! The wait time to sit on the outside patio was ridiculous..over an hour wait (and this was around 8:30pm on a weeknight!!) so we opted for an inside table. Here's where the luck came in: most people sit on the patio so they can enjoy the gorgeous Bellagio fountain show during dinner. Our table, while inside, gave us the PERFECT view of the fountains and was very close to the outside patio. So throughout the whole dinner we got to enjoy the magnificent Bellagio fountain show on a beautiful summer night. My boyfriend ordered steak which was pretty good, and I ordered the fish which was okay. The fabulous view really made it a romantic and special night and this place was pretty affordable compared to most places on the strip. We were really impressed and will definitely be back on our next trip to Vegas!
Went here awhile ago - was pleasantly surprised that they had good veggie options (not always the case in Vegas, sadly!)
came here for brunch with family and it was pretty good!. . we got the usual breakfast plates like sausage, bacon and scrambled eggs so you can't really go wrong with that. i did not like the onion soup and thought the nutella waffles was freakin' delicious! i remember my sister loving the spinach salad she ordered. the service was okay but maybe our guy was just lazy. this place is pretty well known and they were mostly packed the entire time we were there.. . the place has a nice vibe and the environment is nice but then again it is vegas, i recommend giving it a try!
I think it's one of the few decent restaurants that offer natural lighting on the Strip. None of that indoor, dimly lit, and/or fake sky, non-reality business. Lovely ambiance for enjoying breakfast or brunch on a gorgeous Vegas morning.  The enclosed (indoor) patio is perfect for staying cool, while getting a decent view of the street and the Bellagio fountain/water show. . . I had the chicken, brie, apple crepe, and my bf had the corn beef hash that our friendly server recommended. I liked both dishes, but both tasted better when they were still warm/hot. The poached egg in my bf's dish was a bit over-cooked and the watercress was very bitter tasting, but perhaps not meant to be eaten by itself. . . I would recommend thisrestaurant.
Such a romantic restaurant.....get outside seating if available. We are able to watch Bellagio's waterdance show from our table. I prefer only coming here for breakfast and thats the only thing I can review on. Service is average and food is enjoyable. Those lemon pancakes.....yumms!
Reasonable prices. Makes for a nice dinner out in the town.
Love the cuisine and atmosphere!
The food was great and lots of healthy sides!  Wonderfully surprised by the food quality, tasty and affordable.
So tasty and totally affordable. Service was great and decor was nice.
Its got great view and good seating, you can watch the water fountain in Bellagio while you enjoy dinner!. The food is decent, I strongly recommend the scallop, and the snails!. Make sure you make reservation, other wise you might need to wait for at least an hour.
Came here for a nice dinner for a bachelorette weekend... before the shenanigans began muhahaha. Well, first off - the location is awesome! We were about 30 minutes late to our reservation, but we barely had to wait :) So we got there, and we had a table near the opening/patio area - very open, airy, perfect temperature, and beautiful view of Bellagio and the dancing fountains.. . I had the salad... I forgot what it was called but it had warm bacon dressing, and a soft poached egg... WOW what else can I want on a salad? Haha seriously, it was bomb. Just enough richness against the clean crisp of the frisee. and.... YUM. I enjoy my salads and this was one of the better salads I've had.. . Tried bits of their special frites - delicious, like a cross between potato chips and regular fries. Also had bits of the steak, and was pleasantly surprised! Super tender and cooked perfectly even though it was pretty thin, and had lots of flavor from that buttery/herby sauce on top. Pretty damn good.. . Will be back to try more stuff!
Had the steak and frites several times.  It's always consistent and tasty.  Definitely a winner in my book.
Warm Brie. Mac & Cheese. Filet Mignon Merlot. All excellent.
Friendly and helpful service. Quality food. Love the fries and French bread with homemade butter.
GOod stuff.  My fiancee loved it more, but she ordered something a little more adventurious.  I think I got steak and french fries.
Fun, fun atmosphere with very attentive service.  Nice varied choices on the menu.  Good food.
Super cute place to go with girlfriends. Staff was friendly and a delish, hearty, breakfast to start the day. The portions were big enough to feed two people. I do recommend for everyone to get different plates and try each others.
Great place to people watch.  And the bloody marys are good too.  Had breakfast here, so I won't comment on the cuisine other than to say they have a good breakfast.
Heard good things about the blueberry french toast and crepes! Was so excited to come here! Location was awesome! Right on the strip and across the street from the Bellagio! Saw the show from our table. Blueberry French toast was good, but nothing to write home about. Service was good. Would come back for the location but try something different! FYI: guys, wear a shirt!!!! Me and my boyfriend wore tank tops.... They gave him a free white t-shirt to wear, but allowed me to wear mine!!! So lame!
This is a great experience on The Strip.  I've been here twice once with the whole family and recently with my daughter.  If you can get a table outside or in the open area looking outside, it's worth the wait.  . . The Food: Awesome and authentic French Bistro.  The escargot is great, the trout amandine and salad frisee and profiteroles bring back memories living in France.  Great quality food and they appear to be consistent.. . The Ambience : You can dine intimately and not watch the circus on the strip or  venture to the outdoor space. I really enjoy watching the people outside and  the fountains at the Bellagio are a nice touch.. . Service: It feels a bit snobby - but they are very efficient.  If you want a leisurely dinner/lunch - make sure you order at your pace.  . . Don't hesitate to go - it's a nice dining experience in Las Vegas.
This place is great.  Always nice to go for bruch or breakfast every now and then.  Try and sit down outside if you can, the Bellagio fountains are always nice to watch while you eat your inexpensive, delicious meal.
And the best gluten free menu award goes too.... Da ta da daaaa! Mon Ami knows how to cater to us Ciliacs. With gluten free option bread to start and an entire GF menu you really cant go wrong here. Every time I come here i always start with the warm brie cheese. accompanied with black pepper honey and my gf bread you will fall in love. They also have very reasonable martinis here. a ciroc martini is only $12. by far one of the best prices on the strip.. I also never miss the Croque Monsieur sandwich. gf bread with ham, gruyere cheese, creme fraiche and it comes with their infamous frites. talk about cheese heaven... They also use a separate fryer for the fries, so there is no flour contamination. . You also cant beat the view. Sitting on the patio (everyones favorite) it over looks the Bellagio Water show. . Finish any meal you have here with their Creme Brulee. holy wow it is yummy. A great dining experience. Throw in a few drinks and its only around $60ish a person.
Service was okay, excellent food. Highlights: steak frites with the merlot sauce, bread pudding, profiteroles and the warm chocolate tart. Starter bread was amazing.
The French baguette that they serve at the beginning was awesome. The onion soup is delicious and not really like your typical French onion soup. The French fries are also very good.
Excellent gazpacho, warm Brie and chicken crepe and spinach, asparagus, Brie quiche. Delicious food and nice ambience. Service was attentive but a little slow. A little over an hour. I guess we're just used to eating and running!
We love this place, went here for the first time for my anniversary and dinner was delicious my husband had a steak and fries (frites) and I hadthe chicken grandmere. We also love to go here for breakfast and we love the waffles and French toast. It is a tourist spot since it is right across form the Bellagio fountains and it is beautiful at night to see. I highly recommend it and am sure you wouldn't be disappointed with whatever you have.
One of the better deals on the Strip for food, this is a good restaurant with a great setting.  I would say that the food is good, but not great, but the prices are surprisingly good considering the location and general ambiance of the restaurant.  I'd say if you're trying to have a nice (but casual) meal while in Vegas, this is one of your better choices.
Great place to get a steak. My filet mignon was cooked perfectly. Medium rare. My dad ordered the salmon which was good but no where near as good as the steak. . . Located in the Paris across from the Bellagio fountain so you can see the show while eating.
We had a great meal and service.  We came early to get a patio table to people watch the strip.  The large prawn cocktail was as I had expected it would be.  The steaks were prepared as requested and had great flavor.  Our deserts were delicious.  The service was excellent by the busser & server.  It was the best buss service we've received in months.
Went here with some friends so was able to taste a lot of dishes. The baguette was too little of everything, not enough crunch and the crumb lacked flavor.. The onion soup was ok. The flavor was flat and under seasoned, but the cheese and bread was good . The pate had good flavor.. The butter leaf an arugula salad had a great mix of flavors and the chick pea croutons were like little falafel balls and paired well. The ribeye was mediocre. The seasoning was a little too overpowering and the meat was too chewy.. The salmon and leek quinoa was great. The salmon was moist and perfectly cooked, and paired wonderfully with the leek quinoa.. . Dessert is where mon ami gavi shines. . The creme brulee was creamy and had a good caramelized crust. . The warm chocolate tart with salted caramel ice cream was world changing. The tartness of the dark chocolate paired with the salty/sweet ice cream was amazing.. This restaurant is good but not great. Some dishes were amazing but some were mediocre. So might be worth it but choose dishes carefully
The brunch menu here is fantastic and the views are amazing. I've taken several out of town guests here and they love it. You can't go wrong with a view of the Bellagio fountains while sipping mimosas!
midnight rezzies at mon ami gabi.  be sure to request a view of the ooh-ahh bellagio fountain show.  the best seats are out in the patio.. . fresh and warm french baguettes for bread.. . it was too hot for french onion soup although i really wanted to try some.  instead, i went with the hanger steak.  i'm not a fan of matchstick fries but i was so hungry that i ate the lot.  the hanger steak was overcooked but still tender.. . overall a solid spot for dinner with a view.
Good food and very well priced.. I enjoyed the quiche very much ... It was great!. My wife's omelette was good but not great.
Unpretentious, well done french food on the las vegas strip.  They offer very approachable classic french dishes, as well as the usual burgers and fries for non foodie types.  Expect nothing fancy; menu is also a bit limited.  Food is great tho, and atmosphere is comfortable with great outside dining (right across from the amazing bellagio fountain!).  Also, reasonable prices for vegas!
Great appetizers, great drinks, great lunches... what's not to like?
Love, love, love this place!! By far, my favorite breakfast spot in Vegas. The various eggs benedict dishes are delicious!! I love the salmon benedict but they prepare eggs in any style and they're all absolutely delicious. The baguette toast is yummy especially since it's served with fresh whipped butter and fruit preserves. My boyfriend had the lamb benedict and loved it! The coffee is splendid and so is the atmosphere. The service is wonderful. I recommend the outdoor seating that overlooks the strip. Go!!
The outdoor atmosphere is great. Best in Vegas. Has the feel of an outdoor cafe in Paris. The salmon and spinach salad was great. We loved the thinly sliced fries.
Mon Ami Gabi is located in Paris hotel and it looks like a pretty traditional French restaurant. It's very spacious on the inside with lots of tables. Don't worry about not being able to get one.. . == Food ==. . Mussels and fries. Delicious sauce! Creamy with a hint of wine in it. Bread's free here so dip that into the sauce! Mussels were decent size and were pretty good.  French fries were some kind of criss-cut fries.. . Oysters. Nothing special about these guys but they are delicious. The oysters were interestingly pretty fresh considering that it's in the middle of no where.... . == Service ==. . Service was good. Tentative and friendly. The food take a while to come out since they bring everything at once.. . == Overall ==. . My stomach is really happy but my wallet is really sad. Doing a mussel and oyster combo is a big drain on funds, but it was great food.
Never disappointing. Best roast chicken, cooked just right. Love their bread and that special spread served with it. Lovely decor. Service has always been excellent. This is a great place for first dates, family dinners, and special occasions. Reservations are recommended to avoid a long wait. This is my oldest son's favorite restaurant (he's 23, with an exceptional palate).
We "do" breakfast there on every Vegas trip.  The food is very good.
I would def go back. I got the filet mignon merlot with mashed potatoes and the fiance got the new york strip with mashed potatoes. My filet was one of the best I've had (literally cleaned the plate!)....couldn't tell you what my fiance's steak tasted like because he wouldn't let me eat any of it. I guess that's a good sign. Creme brulee was for dessert.. . Only reason why it isn't 5 stars is because our server wasn't exactly nice. It felt like he was judging us...for what, I'm not sure. Any question we had, he looked at us like we were dummies. Can I have something other than fries? **"are you stupid?" look** What kind of wine do you recommend? **"are you stupid?" look** Ugh!
We went to Mon Ami Gabi earlier this year to treat my mother to her Mother's Day brunch.  Initially, we were told that there would be about an hour wait; however, we were pleasantly surprised to be seated within 15 minutes.  The decor and ambiance is a little noisy and crowded, but it's still pretty beautiful and exciting to be a part of.  The food is delicious, but a bit more on the pricey side with smaller portions.  Overall, I believe that my family enjoyed the experience and made some memories that we'll never forget.  Come to Mon Ami Gabi if you're out for a classy meal with good company.
Hatten einen super romantischen Abend dort verbracht. Direkt auf der Terrasse am Strip. Das Essen war sehr gut, nicht gerade einen Essen fur All You Can Eat Leute, aber man hat genug nach einer Vorspeise und Essen. . . Bei vollem Lokal hatte man einbisschen dass Gefuhl von uberforderung des Personals, das aber weiter nicht storte.. . Sicherlich sehr zu empfehlen, nettes Anbiente und feines Essen. Kosten halten sich auch in Grenzen, 2 Vorspeisen + 2 Mahlzeiten/Getranke + Trinkgeld fur 80.-- Dollar.. . Wir wurden sicher wieder kommen.
went in with a bachelorette party for a nice dinner and it was great! we had a reservation and got seated right away. service was impeccable! Steaks are large and thin--i shared with a friend. we shared the carafe of sangria, which was delish! this would be a good date spot.  a little pricey, but that's to be expected.
Steak and Frittes! Steak and Frittes! Steak and Frittes! So delicious here! I came here with my family and we were able to sit outside where we had a great view of watching the bellagio water show while eating some steak and Frittes! Everyone ordered steak and Frittes and it awesome here. The free bread given before are meal was very delicious too, as my mother could not stop eating it. We made reservations here but for the outdoor seating it is a first come first serve basis! The prices of the food here is reasonable too!
This place is very good. Pricy!. Great French Onion Soup!
Yelp says this is a casual attire restaurant, so we went in very casual. Totally felt under-dressed, but whatever. The onlything they disallow, if I remember correctly, are flip flops and sleeveless shirts for men (according to the sign posted up on the hostess' table in the front). I ordered the hanger steak, which was drenched in merlot butter. My boyfriend got the steak bordelaise with caramelized onions in a red wine sauce, and we got a side of green beans to share. I liked his steak more than mine, but everything was so dee-lish-us! I was very surprised how big the steaks were too. Both steaks were cooked perfectly and very tasty with the sauce. The plate also included a huge portion of frites. Prices aren't bad, given the portion size and quality (we spent about $65 after tip for 2 steaks and a side). Probably less expensive than the average nice steakhouse on the strip. Will definitely go back again next time I'm in town.
Good italian food-request to sit outside so you can see the bellagio fountains and people watch!
One of the best French bistros in America! And it's in Vegas?!!  The ambiance of this place brings me back to Paris. Which is appropriate, considering it's located at the Paris Hotel & Casino :-). We had brunch here on a Sunday afternoon, so it was obviously very busy. Our waitress was super friendly and attentive despite the fact that she had multiple tables to serve. We started with adult beverages and the onion soup. C'est magnifique! The soup was warm and savory with very robust flavors. Lots of gruyere cheese and baguette slices to accompany. The beer selection is rather European as well. I opted for a Blanche du Bruxelles, a Belgian white brewski with hints of spices & citrus, while my boyfriend had a Kronenbourg, which I have always referred to as the French Miller Lite due to its light lager flavor. For our entree, we split the seafood crepes.....scallops, shrimp, peas and cream.....to die for! On your next trip to Vegas, this place is a must stop!
I have been here a few times with out of town friends and we have always sat outside so we can people watch.  You can also see the Bellagio fountains across the street which adds to the great views.  It's a lil pricey for what it is, but it is RIGHT on the strip after all.
I had the pleasure of having lunch here with my girlfriend and family recently. We chose to sit out on the strip, a must when you come here. Getting down to business I have 2 things to say: 1) the food is top notch, 2) service is lacking, BIG TIME!. . I ordered the Salmon Spinach salad. This was the BEST salmon I have ever had! I spent much of the meal looking closely at the spices on it trying to figure out how they make such an amazing dish. My untrained tongue couldn't figure it out, lol. Everyone I was with loved their meal. This was a prime location for our first meal of the trip, and food was superb.. . The waiter on the other hand, was far worse than any I have had in a long time. He was so distant, and disinterested with us. I felt like us being there was inconvenient for him, oddly enough. And gratuity was automatically added for a party of 5?!?! Gladly he wasn't able to ruin our experience with his attitude.. . Food is phenomenal, service is disappointing. Hopefully they keep cooking this good because that and location is all this place has going for it.
Several friends suggested this crazy busy French restaurant across the street from the Bellagio water show.. . Crazy busy.... But CRAzY good. We had waiter 120 (Dion) and everyone except me had the Filet Mignon. I went for the larger, more marbled ribeye, and it was the wrong choice. Although a great ribeye steak, the filet was to die for. Succulent and perfect, it will be hard not to go back over the next few days we are in Vegas!. . Only reason not given 5 stars is the ambience. It is what it is, just realize your chairs or going to get bumped by staff and it is insanely busy! The food is 5 stars all the way!
I would rate 4.5 stars if I could. Great food, excellent service. Made reservations (for inside only) they offered us a 1/2 inside 1/2 outside/patio table. View was great but draft from AC made it FREEZING. They were accommodating and moved us inside, which was very dim and romantic.. . My husband and I ordered drinks, good, but nothing spectacular. The complimentary baguette was YUMMY!!! I had a French onion soup to start, which was pretty good. Husband ordered bone in rib eye, which he loved and I ordered steak bearnaise, and did NOT care for the sauce. Since they were served in a gravy boat on the side (and the same price), I asked to switch to the bleu cheese sauce, MUCH BETTER. The steak it self had a GREAT seasoning. Both steaks had a side of fritas/thin French fries? Which were DELICOUS but TOO much. My advice is share and fritas with some one and get another side. It almost left you feeling like the great steak was lacking as a meal. Some veggies? Something would have been nice as an addition. (this is the reason for no 5 stars)
Great food, better service and I definetly a great place to enjoy a relaxing view of the fountains in the early morning. Can be a bit touristy later but definetly worth trying out.
Two of us went to brunch. The servers were very attentive. The mimosas were great and we never waited very long for a refill. The crepes were very good but very sweet - almost like dessert. The eggs Benedict was amazing! The warm Brie appetiser was perfect as well.  We sat in the atrium - it was the perfect amount of outdoor light and not so hot.
Went here on a wednesday and it was really busy.  Luckily you don't need a reservation for a seat on the patio.  We waited about thirty minutes at the bar than got seated.  The starting bread was really good.  The entrees were good too. Nothing to be amazed by, but rally good for the money.  Great view of the strip and  people watching is great. Definitely recommend for a nice but casual night out when you have friends in town.
Lines out the door for patio seating. Tried two of the breakfast crepes apple-chicken & ham-bacon-egg, both were very good. I plan on going back to try the big skinny pancakes (which I suspect is a big crepe).
Came here on either my second or third day in Las Vegas.  Was looking for something light while I boozed prior to going out that night.  We sat outside watching the traffic on the strip and across the street with the fountain.  Temps were pretty cool outside that evening for how hot it was in the afternoon, obviously being assisted with artificially cooled air.  Beyond the comfortable people watching, we had a few glasses of wine and then I made the french onion soup with gruyere and the tomato salad with Roquefort my dinner choices for the evening.. . Got exactly what I expected, a quick light bite to eat prior to getting started with more spirited drinking.  I think everyone else enjoyed their food for the most part.  Would definitely stop back again, as it's pretty cheap for the strip in reality and pretty inline with a lot of other comparable options along this block or three.
A weekend jaunt to Vegas with friends to celebrate a birthday weekend ended up with dinner at Mon Ami Gabi. I love this place. We had a reservation, as there were about 12 of us. They would not seat us til all of the party was there. We opted to wait in the crowded bar and have frenchy little drinks til we could be seated. The waitress was awesome! I have multiple food allergies and she first took down, patiently, what they were, so that no cross contamination would occur in the kitchen process. This was a Saturday night and it was packed! She gave me pointers on what to order and there was also a gluten free menu. The menu actually had more than just a few items too and gluten free bread was served with olives just like the other gluten lad bread. Gotta say, I was impressed. I had the filet au poivre ; so good and tender. We had mussels for an app, duck confit and cheeses, as well. Everything was amazing. The creme brulee was a bit boring. All in all its a great place with a great view of the fountains if you get the right seat in the dining room, as we did OR out on the patio. There are warmers, in case of chilly nights. Make a reservation! This place gets busy!
Authentic is the word you should use to describe this place. It really reminds me of the bistros I tried in Paris before. . Just had escargot and baked cheese during our visit to Vegas. Everything tasted really good. Maybe I'll try my first beef tartar here next time.
mon ami! Came here for brunch. Such a cute place. Had the poached eggs, corned beef and hash browns. I'm a huge fan of corned beef and this was really good. Also came with toast, butter and jam. Service was good. I would definitely come back to try more things. Maybe dinner next time!
Had reservations thru Open Table, no problems, we arrived early since all of the bad reviews about wait times even with reservations.  They seated us right away, earlier than expected, yea. A nice French Bistro fare, with a good wine list.  Great decor inside and outside fresco dinign with a view of the Bellagio fountain and hustle and bustle of the Vegas strip. Appetizers looked awesome, especially the escargots, country pate and chicken liver pate.  Husband had the French onion soup, crust with Gruyere cheese and crunchy en crouton on top.  I had the gaspacho, sooooo yummy, fresh tomatoes, splash of Spanish vinegar over crunchy cucumbers and creamy avocados, I have to reverse engineer this recipe!  Salmon with quinoa was fresh and fabulous, the skate in lemon sauce looked good, but I had the seafood in broth, fresh fish, scallops, in a lemon herb white wine broth, soo good and fresh, no room for dessert, but next time!   You hVe to try their Frangria, Beaujolais, conjac, fresh juices and a hint of rosemary..yummy!  Have to come back and taste more!
Enjoyed the patti melt burger, but the white chocolate bread pudding was a bit of a let down.
Boyfriend had specifically requested that we go "somewhere breakfasty" Thursday morning when we were in Vegas, so I hopped onto Yelp and came up with Mon Ami Gabi.. . When we walked up to the hostess, we were informed that there was a 15 minute wait to be seated outside, but that there was no wait to be seated indoors. Naturally, both of us feeling starved, we decided to sit indoors. It was starting to get hot outside anyway. So I'm a little surprised when I'm handed the blue electronic seating buzzer thing and told that I can't walk past the indoor bridge with it because of the range. What? I thought there wasn't a wait! But whatever. Boyfriend and I explored for about 10 minutes before our buzzer went off.. . Our hostess then promptly led us to our seats... on the outdoor patio. I'm so confused at this point, but the heat really isn't as bad as we thought it would be, and we have a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains, so I can't exactly complain. I ordered the Classic Quiche Lorraine and I'm pretty sure Boyfriend ordered the Warm Chicken and Brie Sandwich.. . The quiche was the size of my face! And Boyfriend's sandwich looked very yummy. We each also got a beer. I think my favorite part of the meal, though, were the hand-cut fries. Sliced so thin so as to almost be chips, each fry was like that super-special, extra-crispy fry from McDonald's everyone fought for. You know what I'm talking about.. . It was a tad pricey (~$50 for lunch for both of us after tip), but I think it was worth it to try such a highly-rated restaurant on the Strip.
they have some awesome bread. the escargot isn't too bad either.
I was impressed with the eggs benedict, it had just the right amount of tang and the yolk was nice and runny.  The potatoes were done perfectly.  We sat in a perfect area, it was like a solarium, indoors but the door was open to the outdoors, with lots of sun coming in.  The inside of the restaurant was quite dark, and it was a bit chilly outside, so where we sat was perfect.  I have given 4 stars instead of 5 because the coffee was extremely inconsistent.  The first cup was so weak, it tasted like the original McDonalds coffee from years ago.  Since I was still not feeling the caffeine buzz that I needed, I figured a second cup of weak coffee wouldn't hurt.  But the second one was actually excellent.  Hoping for another excellent cup, but the third tasted burnt.  Coffee should not be so difficult, the food was excellent!  I tried my friend's quiche, it was a little too salty. (I found a lot of the food in Las Vegas was over salted)
I Love this place i always recomend this place to friends and family when they come from out of town. It wont break your bank but you will have a great meal and some good memories. I had a KILLER plate of bouef bourginion here last winter.
Mon Ami Gabi is one of those places I wanted to try for years but never managed to for various reasons... The lovely Dyanna and I recently decided to have brunch and day-drink to celebrate my birthday on the beautiful patio. . . Reservations are not accepted for the patio, so we made a reservation for 10 am on a Saturday for inside seating, but when we arrived the wait for the patio was short so we decided to sit outside instead. The sweet hostess suggested we wait at the bar where the awesome bartender hooked us up  with glasses of vodka so we could visit the bloody mary bar. . . Oh and what a bloody mary bar it is! Anything you could want in your drink is available for you... Multiple types of bloody mary mix, multiple brands of hot sauce, more veggies than you can stuff into your glass... I was in heaven. . . The 20-30 minute wait we were told for the patio ended up being more like a 10 minutes wait. We we lead out to a great spot on the patio with what would have been a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains... had they been operating at the time. If you are trying to enjoy the fountains as you dine do not make the mistake we did and go too early! (The fountains start at 3 pm weekdays, noon Saturday and 11 am Sunday). . Despite the mixup with the fountains, our meal was fabulous. Both Dyanna and I ordered one of the daily specials. Lemon pancakes topped with blackberries and peaches. So light and refreshingly delicious! The pancakes are ultra thin, more like a crepe. Because we were celebrating my birthday, our waiter also brought out complimentary profiteroles for dessert, which was a lovely touch. . . Our meal, with multiple trips to the bloody mary bar, was quite inexpensive for dining on the Strip. I absolutely plan on making many return trips to Mon Ami Gabi, and will not make the same mistake regarding the fountains!
Very nice restaurant, easy booking, good service and good food. A bit noisy but it's okay.
Expensive, but what do you expect...its on the strip.. I thought the food was great! I really expected it to be mediocre, but I was pleasantly surprised. My only complaint- the seating in this place is very tight! It made for some uncomfortable moments since we didn't really feel like we had any privacy at our own table. . We started with the goat cheese and tomato pepper sauce as an app, and it was delicious. Far from what you'd get "from a can". (Seriously?). The french onion soup came in large kettles and I found it sort of awkward to enjoy....again, too close to my neighbor!....but its one of my faves and it was done well here (: . The short ribs and scallops were also fantastic and worth coming back for. The pea puree, of all things, had me raving.. . There was a 1.5 hour wait for seating outside, so we skipped on that this time, but the inside is really nice.
French onion soup is awesome.  Good for those Vegas hangovers!  The place has decent food with a perfect view of the Bellagio Fountains.  Make a reservation on OpenTable and walk right in, instead of waiting forever in that line!!
Beautiful decor, very French. Dependably excellent food.
I recommend al fresco dining over looking the Bellagio fountains. the steak and Frites along with fresh french bread make it a great place for lunch and people watching.
I've only visited Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast so far, but I enjoyed having breakfast here. They have a large amount of both indoor and outdoor seating, and the servers are very attentive. They seem to work well together as a team (enough that I actually took notice) and I really never felt like I was waiting for anything. . . The breakfast menu offers a great selection, ranging from cereal and fruit to pancakes and waffles, egg dishes, and crepes. I tried the blueberry french toast, which comes with a home-made blueberry syrup and uses home-made brioche as the bread. It ended up a little too sweet for my taste, but the dish was prepared beautifully and came out very quickly. I also ordered a glass of fresh squeezed orange juice because I felt a little under the weather, but found it a little disappointing. You get a small wine glass of juice for about $4, and it really looked and tasted more like tropicana with extra pulp than real fresh squeezed orange juice. I wouldn't order the juice again, but I could definitely see coming back here again anyway.
I came here last year for dinner with Gardenia H. and Keri W. and I loved it. We were seated on the patio so we had a perfect view of the Bellagio Fountains (which were doing their water show) and had this lovely breeze coming through. It was so nice and relaxing to be out there, not to mention enjoying great company and delicious food! We were started off with complimentary bruschetta, which was delicious, although a little hard to eat since we had to cut the bread outselves (they gave us a full loaf).. . For our steaks, Gardenia got the Filet Mignon Au Poivre (creme fraiche) and Keri got the Bone-in Ribeye (22 oz with bearnaise sauce). I no longer remember what their steaks were like, but we unanimously agreed that mine was best. So what did I get? I listened to all the Yelpers on here and got the Filet Mignon Merlot (butter, red wine reduction). I got it medium rare and it was DELICIOUS. So tender and flavourful. I still think it was one of the best steaks I have ever had. And all their steaks come with their signature hand-cut fries, which are also really good. Keri also got Whipped Cauliflower as a side. It was just fine to me (I'm not a fan of cauliflower), but I think Keri liked it. And for dessert, we got their Bananas Foster Crepe (warm bananas, foster sauce, vanilla ice cream). Such a perfect (and delicious) way to end the meal :). . The patio was a little crowded, but it was still a great experience. They do not seem to have a bathroom inside the restaurant, I was told to go inside the casino and use their bathroom (it was a 30-second walk from the front of the restaurant). Our server was nice and friendly and I had a great time here. This place probably deserves more like 4.5 stars but I'm leaving it at 4.
Very cute atmosphere!  The service was great.  The restaurant wasn't too loud and the food was amazing!  They make the best French Martini ever!!!!
I've been going here for years and have had nothing but good food and great times! Try to grab a seat on the patio if you can.
My husband and I came here after Jersey boys. We couldn't stop talking about our great experience afterwards. The food was delicious, the service was above average, and the atmosphere was the perfect Las Vegas experience: It was like we were sitting at a Paris Cafe peeking into the crazy world of Las Vegas with the Bellagio fountain and all the crazy tourists streaming by. I'll give this place five stars if they match this great experience every time we visit. At 11 PM on Saturday we were seated immediately on the patio.
We read about this place on yelp and really enjoyed our meal. The only reason we're not giving 5 stars is that we reserve that for absolutely mind blowing. . . Make no mistake, the food was delicious and the service was impeccable. We ordered the warm brie,  steak frites bordelaise medium rare, and French Toast.. . Brie was perfectly warmed and softened with roasted garlic cloves, toasted macadamia nuts, and Yummy honey drizzle. .  . The steak was cooked perfectly and the fries were thin, crispy and delicious. . . The French Toast was made with brioche, just the way true "pain perdu" should be made. I highly recommend trying this delicious classic. . . We sat on the patio and had a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains. Overall exactly what you would hope a Sunday brunch should be. A delightful surprise in the middle of the strip.
Sit on the patio, its worth the wait.  Food is always good. Great people watching on the patio. I haven't had dinner here yet but breakfast & lunch are awesome. Prices are comparable to other Vegas strip restaurants.
Since we were staying at Paris, we decided to try this always crowded restaurant for brunch. We were able to make reservations on Open Table just in case, and walked in 15 minutes before our reservation as we were starving. I would have liked to wait for the outdoor seating, but my friend prefers indoors so we had a nice table near the outdoor dining area. Much brighter than the area when you first walk into. The restaurant is much larger than I had expected, and we were seated at a nice table that sat 4 for the 2 of us.. . They gave us a fresh baguette with butter, very delicious, and didn't tear up the roof of my mouth. We decided to get a butter lettuce/argula salad as we needed some veggies from our fatty weekend. All the sandwiches looked tempting, but I had been on an Earls binge, so I opted for the classic quiche lorraine, and my friend had the chicken and brie crepe.. . Our server was very attentive and offered a refill on our mimosas, but sadly we declined. Could get 10 of those for the same price at the casino! :) Mimosa was great though, would definitley recommend. Salad was light and refreshing, and their chickpea croutons were superb. My quiche was perfect, a very good size (medium pizza size) and the egg was creamy and delicious. The crepe was a bit too healthy for me, a wheat type of concoction, but my friend thoroughly enjoyed it. The best part had to be the addition of the french fries. I had read they were like potato chips and they really were. So thin and crispy, anyone who loves crispy fries would love it. They also gave me a lemon aoili and stone ground mustard since I don't eat ketchup.. . There was an annoying fly that wouldn't let us enjoy our meal as much as we would have liked to as we had to keep swatting it away. For the price, everything was fantastic, and I would dine here again as their prices of their steak are very fair as well.
We came on a Saturday afternoon for brunch and I ordered . 1. Mussels for appetizer . 2. Ahi tuna burger with fries, 18. 3. Seafood Crepe, 15. . - To be seated faster, we got a table next to the bar. Patio seating has a longer wait time. . - Free loafs of bread and butter. . - Mussels were soft and flavorful! Use the sauce on the bread to savor the taste! . - Food presentation was great. Matched ambiance of restaurant. . - Ahi tuna burger was a bit too salty for my liking. The waitress was polite enough to replace my order with the Seafood crepe. . - French fries was like a fashion chip and French fry. Crispy, flat, and tasty. . - Seafood crepe was delicious! 2 scallops and 2 shrimps. Very savory. Better choice.. - Great for a nice gathering when you haven't seen a few friends for a while.
We came here a few months back, but this wasn't the first time here. This place is great! I've never had a bad meal here or even a semi good one. It's all been good. Last time we came I had the quiche which is always yummy. The husband had the steak and eggs and WOW! Had a bite of the steak and it was delicious. The reviews are legit. This place is great and is our go to restaurant when we go to Vegas.
This place is awesome because of the atmosphere. Its one of those places that if the food is average the atmosphere will just make everything taste better. Sitting on the outside patio you feel like your in another world and forget that your sitting on the strip. Have a cup of coffee and a person to have a conversation with and you'll love it...DONT SIT INSIDE!
Took my company out to vegas for the weekend.  Made this stop as our company dinner.  Made reservations over a month before.  called ahead and asked how long the wait time for my 8pm reservation is going to be.  They said at 8pm.  I was kinda shocked by that answer.  i said you're on time.  They said yup.  I was impressed by that.  . . Walked into paris the well the paris hotel and casino is nice!  The restaurant is to the left when you enter.  As you're walking by the strip you see the patio of the restaurant.  Walked in, got seated in door and ordered drinks for the crowd.  i had the scotch and it was priced at $12 a shot.  Which is avg for a nice spot.  On to the food.. . . I shared my plate with my girl and ordered the bone in rib eye.  other items ordered were the roasted chicken, fish (trout) and the filet.  Ordered the cheese plater for the apps.  Starting off with the cheese plater. Small amount but tasted good.  The rib eye was outstanding!  perfectly cooked. The filet i was told was also perfect.  The trout the wife of an employee couldnt stop talking good things about.  The chicken i had a few bites of and it was also very good.  The spot knows how to get things done.  Thats why they have a small menu. They keep it simple.  . . Only reason why it didnt get a 5 star was because you had to walk into the casino to go to the restroom.  I mean come on people you have a great restaurant and you cant build a restroom in it. You have to make me walk the smokey casino to piss.  Not cool.
I may not been to Paris yet, but dining at Mon Ami Gabi on a lovely night was close enough. Situated with a front row view to Bally's famous water show across the street, my friends and I treated ourselves to a night of great food and company before heading over to the club. . . We made reservations and were seated promptly outside after we requested for a patio table. The atmosphere was lively and bustling and the water show coming on every 15 minutes gave the restaurant a romantic ambiance. Service could not have been better, as our waiter was extremely kind and accommodating enough to run down to grab band-aids for some of us girls who had gotten blisters a little early from our evil high heels. . . For starters, I just had to have the famous French onion soup. I haven't been able to find the perfect French onion soup for a while now, so trying it at an authentic French restaurant seemed like the right place. It came served in a generously deep bowl with plenty of melted cheese brimming on top. Sweet and savory with slivers of caramelized onions and cheese in every sip, I just had to share this with my girl friends. They all had plenty of fun dipping our complimentary bread in the soup. . . For my entree, I'm actually not a huge steak fan so I didn't end up getting the steak, which is what this restaurant is famous for. And I'm sad to say that I slightly regret it. I had the Caramelized Sea Scallops and while they were scrumptious, I have to say that five pieces of medium sized scallops just wasn't enough. It came with some sugar snap peas and carrots on the side but it would have been nice if it came with either another side or a larger portion to round it off. . . The frites (fries) were amazing though, and I would've ordered any of the Steak Frites dishes just to have these. Now if you're familiar with In-n-Out, you know those tiny, crispy slivers of potatoes that are too small to be considered actual fries that happen to taste like potato chips? Try having your entire portion of fries exactly like this! Now that is a dream come true. . . A great alternative for good eating if you don't feel like overstuffing your face at the many buffets on the strip, Mon Ami Gabi is the place to go.
Great spot on the strip to enjoy both great food and the Bellagio water show at a reasonable price. You can experience French cuisine or stay safe and order and a well appointed steak. Reservations are very necessary. We arrived on a Tuesday and found many folks disappointed they would be eating elsewhere.
Good value restaurant on strip! . Great view take outside seat good food!. However, be sure you make reservation!
Nice experience, wonderful view, however the food has gone downhill since our last visit.  We live in Las Vegas, and have dined there a few times.  Always wonderful food.  The prices are very reasonable based on strip standards, but the steak is really not that much better than what you find at Outback.  Also, the Steak Frites fries are more like chips than they are fries.  The bread, and desserts are still totally fabulous.  With all the other choices, it will be a while before we try this again.. . If I could rate 3.5 stars, that would be more accurate.
Delicious!. But expensive as the portions are realy small. Me and my husband ordered 2 main course and were still hungry :(. But we have to say both salmom dish and the vegtable dish were PERFECTLY tasty ;). If you go there do one of these option:. 1. Eat a bit before so dont come HUNGRY. 2. Be ready to spend more money and to order more than one main course per person. Decent dish cost arround $20 so $40 for person its A LOT!
Luv Mon Ami for a quick, casual, reasonable meal (for the 'new, foodie' Vegas). Luv to sit at the bar with a dirty martini, eat pate, escargot, scallops, etc. The bar is the best place to be (no long wait and often, no wait). Cool place for a casual meal.
This restaurant is amazing! The hostess were not very welcoming, but our food server Tracy(If I remember her name correctly) was very attentive and gracious at all times of our dinner. I had the Onion soup to start w and that was delicious! And ended with the Hanger Steak which was mouthwatering! Yum! Everyone at the dinner table was very satisfied. Desserts was also enjoyable! I think we had the white chocolate bread? But every dessert choice on the menu looked very tasty!
People always come to me to ask where to eat in Vegas that is a good meal without breaking the bank. Mon Ami Gabi is always on that list. . . The food is French Bistro. They do a great job with all the French standards. Nothing too flashy, but consistently good. The steak frites was good. Really enjoyed the cheese surrounded by tomato sauce thing. Mon Ami Gabi even does a pretty descent brunch with make your own bloody mary bar.. . One thing Mon Ami Gabi has that is worth it is spectacular views of the Bellagio fountains. So try to get a seat by the street for the best view.. . If Picasso across the street is way out of your price range, and you want some classic French food, Mon Ami Gabi is a solid choice.
Great spot on the strip for a quick bet of French cuisine. If you have any friends from out of town, this would be a great spot to take them to.
Sunday brunch and it was pretty packed. Had a spectacular view of the Bellagio fountains. We had called prior for reservations and still had to be waited to be seated. The menu was pretty basic: crepes, egg Benedict, pancakes, waffles, and some not so "breakfast" items like onion soup. . There was a Sunday Bloody Mary special and the bar was fantastic. . I personally ordered the egg white and turkey omelette. It came with toast and potatoes. The potatoes were way too buttery and the omelette was at most basic but deliciously combined with avocados and tomatoes.
I noticed this restaurant when we visited some friends staying at the Paris Hotel and thought it looked really nice from the outside.  They had great reviews and so we came for breakfast the next morning.  I ordered the eggs benedict, and my husband ordered a ham and cheese omelette.  The eggs benedict were very good.  The sauce was delicious and just the right consistency.  The hash browns were perfectly cooked...crispy on the outside...just way I like them.  I had 2-3 cups too many of their coffee, but it was also really good.  It was a little chilly outside, so we sat indoors, but in a windowed open part of the restaurant.  It was a sunny day and it felt like we were dining in a greenhouse.  It was a perfect morning in Vegas and the company and conversation were great.  We ate at many places in Vegas during this trip, but this was probably the most memorable.
Came here for an early dinner before going out with the girls. They bring a Baguette to your table, which is warm and yummy upon arrival :) I got the filet mignon with a red wine reduction and it was delicious. The portion for the price is reasonable, but you should look to spend about $50 per person especially if you're getting steak.. . I also got the baked brie to share with my fellow diner, which was just okay. The steak is definitely worth trying though. . . Note: please do not try to come here after a pool party in your cover up or bro tank, they will not let you in. Actually that's exactly what my friend did, and they were nice enough to give him an oversized t-shirt with sleeves to put on over his bro tank. Perhaps this tip can save you the embarrassment. Luckily I wasn't with him when he went to dine there :)
This is a place that's always packed so reservations are an absolute MUST! For an appetizer, one of the folks in our party of 10 ordered garlic bread with goat cheese and a red sauce. OMG! It was fantastic! I would have that with every meal if I could pull off the massive garlic aftershock. For dinner, I ordered the steak roquefort. The steak had incredible flavor and was enormous but was a bit gristly so that was a disappointment. The pommes frits were spectacular but I was already full from the carb load of bread so I wasn't able to make a dent in them. I didn't see the total bill, but the place is worth a visit!
One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. And yes, it has a lot to do with the location. Best patio dining in Vegas! The food is very good. Maybe not world class, but excellent. I also like it bc of its casual atmosphere. Their baguette is amazing!  Also good are the cappuccinos, their quiches, filet mignon, and the white chocolate bread pudding. Go here if you want to slow down, sit on a patio and perhaps read, and see the fountains across the street at the Bellagio.
We hit this spot for breakfast. As expected, the prices are a bit inflated given you're on the strip and that you are sitting outside. That in itself is worth the extra couple bucks! It'snice to just people watch and sit under the "Eiffel" Tower! ;). . I ordered the smoked salmon eggs benedict. As always, I ask for the Hollandaise on the side b/c they tend to drown everything else in it. I normally only use a fraction of it. The dish itself was really good... I also liked the hashbrowns on the side, which I normally don't eat. They were prepared a bit differently and went perfectly with the benedict. . . I would definitely recommend this dish but the French toast looked amazing as did some of the crepes. It seems like you could probably have a great breakfast with whatever you decide to order!
The food was above average and the service was decent. Most of the restaurants at Paris seem more like tourist attractions than restaurants, but the inside dining area here was a bit nicer and not so crowded.. . The Patty Melt was quite good and the Chicken Brie Sandwich was not bad. The fries, a cross between french fries and chips, were actually very tasty.. . Like most casino restaurants, the sodas were flat and too syrupy.
Great restaurant with a decent price. The steaks are good and the atmosphere is great. Very lively, and the view outdoors is nice.
I had the Vegetable Farcis. It was pretty good. The tomato sauce tasted like it had sugar in it which threw off the flavor of the dish. The warm baguette they serve is amazing. I sat at the bar for a quick lunch by myself, so I didn't get to experience the ambiance so much. Would come back to try the other dishes.
There really is no better spot on the strip to sit in the mid-day sun...sip cocktails...enjoy lunch and watch the freak show that is the LV strip. I am not talking about the street performers and the local wack jobs but rather the folks from flyover county. It is shocking to see what they pack to wear...and then how they matchy-matchy and accesorize. . . lost my train of thought...Mon Ami is a good choice...yes pricey...but the food is solid...the drinks more than adequate...and the service top notch. They leave you alone as long as you are spending (drinking)...but the minute you think you're going to nurse your drinks...then you are moved to the bar. The patio real estate needs to be turned on a perfect 75 degree day in November.. . Romance, business, lost your shirt at the tables, just tired of shopping or talking football spreads and over/unders...its a great place to stop mid-strip.
The food we tried was only ok, but the ambience is gorgeous. It's a very chic restaurant in Vegas, very pretty. Their patio is excellent. We sat inside, but in the glass section behind the patio. The service was excellent. Their coffee is very good. If you don't feel like stuffing yourself at a buffet, and want to sit somewhere very pretty with nice service, this is the place to go. They have a pretty big menu, I'm sure they would have things that would be tasty.
Good thing we made a reservation.  Our group got checked in sooo smoothly. It was great breakfast'.  All food we order was great, a server was nice, but it was too long to wait  for food  for 20 min with kids.
Delicious food.  Have tried about 3 different lunch items, and 4 breakfast items.  Never been dissatisfied.  Service USUALLY great, but not every time if they're busy.  I recommend this place to everyone I run into - especially for the Salmon (or traditional Eggs) Benedict, with it's perfectly delicate hollandaise sauce
Delicious and not pricey.
if you can, stay by the window. This place offers a pretty good view of the Bellagio Fountains.. . Everything we got turn out pretty good. The wine was amazing (we opted for a Chateau Neuf du Pape, normal!). And compared to many places in the area, the check wasn't heavy, which was a nice surprise.. . Will definitely stop by again next time I'm in Vegas!
We have eaten here four times and have always really enjoyed the environment, food, and service.  It is a fantastic location and our waiter was a relaxed, efficient, and helpful person.  The food is good and well priced, unlike so many restaurants in Las Vegas.  As we were walking out of the restaurant, it was notable that all of the patrons of the restaurant seemed so engaged and happy.  Very convivial atmosphere.
Great place. I went there with my 2 yr old and we had boeuf bourguignon, which was splendid, and a Mac au gratin, which we did not care much for. Service was great and accommodating!
The brunch here is amazing.. . Although Mon Ami Gabi doesn't need another review, I'm going to write one anyways because my eggs benedict were just THAT good.. . Service is excellent here. The servers really attend to your every need and I can see why this restaurant does so well. The menu is simple and elegant and offers a ton of great choices. French toast came with a whip so light and berries so fresh... I had to close my eyes and savor the moment.. . The cherry on top is the pricing of this restaurant. So affordable!  With restaurants charging an arm and a leg for who knows what, Mon Ami Gabi manages to maintain its great reputation of great food, great service and great prices.That's pretty great all around. I would recommend this place to anybody going to Vegas - Just remember, make a reservation!
My boyfriend and I had brunch here a couple of months ago.  The food was delicious :)  I had a chicken, apple, and brie cheese sandwich that was delicious.  The view is also amazing.  We set on the patio and overlooked the Bellagio fountains.  There was definitely a lack of shade though but we elected to sit outside knowing that it would be an issue so I don't blame the restaurant at all.
the right place to take your girl early on a sunday after a long night of drinking
After making a reservation at this steakhouse on the strip side of the Paris LV resort, we were seated promptly at our reservation time.. . You can choose to dine inside in the French inspired dining room, or outside on the patio facing LV Blvd and the Bellagio Fountains.   We choose outside, and it was a good experience.  It was a cold evening on the strip in December 2012; however, the heat lamps kept everything quite toasty.. . I had a steak that was cooked nearly perfectly to my liking.  I would give the food an easy 5/5 and the atmosphere ranks high in my book as well.. . The only reason I dropped it one star, is because our server was not the most friendly of people, and I truly felt rushed and unattended to during the course of my meal.  . . Of course, chances are, if I tried again, I might roll good with a new server.
Brunch was really good.  I had a savory crepe.  It was much better than what I am capable of making at home.  I would go back for brunch
Had a nice dinner this past weekend at Mon Ami Gabi.  We were seated on the veranda and able to view the fountains at the Bellagio.. . My wife had the mussels marinere and said they were good, but not the best.  Generous helping and much larger than her favorite P.E.I. mussels but edible.  I had the Dijon mustard steak.  It was good, but a very thin slice and rather salty.  We both had the frites (fries) and they were very tasty.  By far the best was the warm baggette and butter served at the table.. . The waiter was very friendly and service was prompt and not rushed.. . All in All, a nice place to have dinner in Vegas!
Been here a few times over the years. Good choice if you're not in the mood for buffets.  We sat in the covered patio which offers a view of the strip without having to sit on the patio. We got the steak which was moist & tender. And escargots & bread is pretty good. Food & service is good, just A little pricey, dinner for 2 with drinks just under $100.
This was our first meal after landing in Vegas.  We had a 7:10 am flight, got up stupid early, parked, battled the sleepy crowds at SFO, got on a flight full of cranky flight attendants who insisted that we sat where we were ticketed (despite an empty row in front and behind our packed, 3 seated row).  Arrived in Vegas all sleepy-eyed, throbbing headache, and slightly confused.. . After wandering down the Strip in the rain, in the cold, I realized we were close to this place, and I convinced the fiance that we needed to eat here.  I made a reservation on my phone using Opentable (yay for having a less-dumb phone now), and we trekked it over here.. . I am so glad that most of the restaurants in the casinos understand that cigarette smoke + fine dinning = PIECE OF POOP, in experience, taste, texture, and consistency.  That is why this place has one door that opens into the casino, it's small, and lets in as little cigarette smoke as possible.. . The first meal here was a croque madame, chicken liver pate, and quiche lorraine.  Reading the reviews on yelp, I was expecting European portions.  It was not.  It was full on Middle America portions.  . . My Croque Madame had a fried egg on top of two thick slices of smooth white bread, topped with at least 6 slices of salty, flavorful ham, and caressed with cheese.  The fried egg was delicious.  As I cut into the runnyyolk, the golden butter-like consistency flowed over the already scrumptious ham and cheese and bread stack and encased the whole thing in a PUT-ME-IN-YOUR-MOUTH, stop thinking and just chew!. . The Fiance's quiche was home made.  The crust was light.  The filling had identifiable chunks of onion, ham, and whatever else is suppose to go in there.  The fries were kind of poo though.  Too thin, like shoe laces.  Wide, but thin.  It was like eating chips.  . . The second meal was the filet mignon.....but I'll save that for my follow up review because I gotta shower and get to work now.
Anniversary brunch last October. Best place to enjoy the Bellagio fountains across the street, can't beat it for outdoor seating anywhere in Nevada. I had the salmon over quinoa after a nice glass of wine at the bar. Not amazing, but I cleaned my plate - that's just me. Mildly problematic service, but one goes there for the ambiance and the view.
I think this may be one of the only restaurants on the strip that we went to that didn't feel like a strip restaurant (unless you sat outside in front of the fountains).  The service was prompt and the food was cooked to perfection.  My steak au poivre wasn't prepared how I am used to seeing this dish, but it was fantastic nonetheless.  Quality food and reasonable prices.
We know you want to sit out on their dining terrace, so just prepare yourself to wait an hour minimum. I wasn't going to wait that long, which undoubtedly took away from some of that ambiance. The food was alright, not necessarily the best. The unfortunate thing is that everyone at the table got a steak of some kind so really this is just a review of their steak dinners. They have quite a few steak options all ranging from the least expensive hanger steak to filets. The steak was cooked perfectly, but I don't think it separates them from any other restaurant in the area. The service was excellent, which is to be expected with the caliber of this place. I'd absolutely go back and try different menu options to get a better idea of the food quality and to try and grab a table outside. If you're enticed by the outdoor dining option, give it a go. If you don't feel like waiting over an hour to watch the fountain show and people watch, but still want quality French food, head over to Comme Ca at The Cosmopolitan. They have outdoor seating and the food is competitively priced.
Service was excellent. Restaurant had a great environment. We were late for breakfast but the server said "no problem" and we were able to order off the breakfast menu. Food was brought out in a reasonable amount of time. Tasted really good! We especially enjoyed the bread. We left full and happy. Reasonably priced. Highly recommend.
So, so good. About 25 big ones for the lunch, but it was worth every penny. Pastries and pork bowls galore. Lamb with Chateaubriand sauce: holy snap that's good. Desserts have a good range of selection and all are freakin delicious. MACARONS. LARGE ONES. My only regret was that I didn't eat so much breakfast before I came here! (Although that has no bearing on the score I gave)
I don't go there often, but when I do it's a fresh new experience each time.  I like siting in the covered patio for the sunlight and views.  Service is very good as well as the food.  It's a nice place to take out of town guests for an impressive experience.
one of best restaurant on Strip. friendly staff (specially hostess) and great food... just need to work on food presentation little bit more. other than that I enjoyed my food and the ambiance. I give them two thumbs up!!
Get the streak frites.  That is all you need to know.
I'm waffling on this one (Ha! Get it?...it's 'cause...it's 'cause they serve waffles here...).  My fiancee and I went here twice in the same weekend, and the two visits could not have polarized me more on this place.. . The first time was for breakfast with a large group.  We were seated on the patio, but not at a table with a good view of the Bellagio fountain (which is fine by me, because I really have no interest watching water squirt in the air while I'm eating).  It was either due to the promise of 18% gratuity or in spite of that fact that throughout the entire meal we got excellent service.  The food did take a while to come out, but I chalked that up to the large group.. . That meal I got the Quiche Lorraine...and oh dear was that a surprise.  I don't typically like quiche, as my fiancee can attest to (she was surprised I ordered it to begin with), but there was something special about this one.  The flavor was just amazing, and it was nice and soft and moist on the inside, despite looking burnt on the outside.  My better half got a croissant breakfast sandwich, which wasn't bad but I didn't really think it was anything special.. . So naturally after a good experience we came back a second morning...and we should have just left well enough alone.  The food was good: she got a repeat of the quiche which she said wasn't as good though I thought the quality didn't dip that much; I got the steak classique and french onion soup, both of which I enjoyed (although it wasn't my favorite cut of steak, but I realize that cut could be standard for French cuisine, I don't really know).. . The problem was the service...or lack thereof.  Our server was inattentive at best, and most of the time it felt like he considered us a bother more than a customer (we aren't annoying, finger-snapping snobs, I swear).  Whenever we asked for a refill on water or iced tea his response was a curt "sure"...not a friendly "sure", a "sure" that made it sound like we interrupted his day.  I know I'm coming across as snooty and paranoid, but it really was quite bad.  Half the time he spent standing directly behind our table, chatting up another server, ignoring us and the table next to us in the process.  And again, he wasn't busy with other guests, we knew where he was, which was neglecting his job.. . The four stars is for the first visit, because I will give this place the benefit of the doubt.  Don't let one bad apple spoil the bunch, as they say...people say that, right?  I may come back one day, though it will be with a wary disposition, which is not a light any restaurant should cast over itself.
For starters, this place should not be "$$", it's pricey. It should be at least "$$$", but that's a Yelp issue (I think?). The food is pretty good, I got a burger and french onion soup while I was there and my gf got something else (I don't remember what it was). The service was pretty good, and the few from the back of the water show is great.
Came here for a late breakfast while staying at the Paris.  Mix of healthy options --- egg white omelettes and fruits, as well as more decadent ones like egg benedicts and big, fresh muffins.  Service was great, food and coffee was good and portions are massive enough to share.  Snag a table on the heated patio for great people and Bellagio fountain watching action - as well as an experience that truly makes you feel like you are seated in a niceFrench bistro.  . . Only things that keep this place from another star is that even though it is part of the Paris hotel - it is somehow independent - so purchases don't count towards your travel rewards.  The chicken sausage - while it may be healthier doesn't taste very good - so avoid that one. And like seemingly almost all the places on the strip they only serve Pepsi (no Coke) products... what's up with that???
the bloody mary bar saved my morning. coffee is strong and tasty.. . oh yeah, the food is good too.  perfect for a brunch after a late night out.
Solid brunch place, but fellas, make sure you dress read the dress code before coming in here! We had reservations to take our friend out for her birthday, and since it was still in the 100s during the summer, my fiance wore a tank top. There's a clear sign on the door that gentleman are not allowed to wear tank tops and we were crossing our fingers hoping that we wouldn't be kicked out. Luckily the hostess let us know that we could keep our reservation, he would just have to work an oversized tall and long white tee. In my opinion, he looked ridiculous in it and much more inappropriate, but at least we got in and had a good laugh. I don't think you can go wrong with anything you order here for brunch, whether its Eggs Benedict or French Toast or Croque Madame. I would recommend trying to make reservations through Open Table and eating outside on a nice summer morning.
Great food for the price . Good service. . Would have gave it 5 stars but we ordered the beef Wellington which they said the had and then they came back 15 min later saying they were sold out and quickly look for our decision on something else. . . All in all pretty decent for being on the heart of the strip and not being too much of a rip off . . The beef tartar and the duck confit were awesome.
After looking up affordable steaks in Vegas, I came across Mon Ami Gabi. Staying at Bally's, it was a no brainer to give this place a try.. . And frankly, I'd come even if I wasn't staying so close. Very good steak + frites - tender, perfectly cooked, and great flavor. The view is hard to beat, as an outside patio seat will get you a perfect view of the Belagio and its fountains. It's even worth doing the patio in the middle of December, as they have heaters that will keep you plenty warm. The people watching is also worth the outside seat.. . If you want a nice dinner without losing an arm, plus want to relax with a view, Mon Ami Gabi is a great place to dine.
Great food, great service. Ambiance was perfect French pub/bistro setting. Excellent value and probably the best value for very good dining in Vegas.
Mon Ami Gabi has been a fave brunch spot for a while now. However I've never thought of it as a dinner spot. That changed on Friday night when after seeing Jersey Boys (for the 3rd time), I took my family there as the wait for Gordon  Ramsey's was just entirely too long.  Had a fab dinner, great desserts, and absolutely no wait.
We spent our anniversary there sitting outside watching the spectacular water show synchronized with great music!. . Service was friendly and prompt.. . Escargot and frisee salad with poached egg and freshly baked hot baguette were delicious.. . My steak classique was. Perfectly cooked medium rare.The fries were a touch too crispy for my taste as they were hard to eat.. . My husband had the steak bordelaise and found the sauteed onions a bit too on the sweet side.. . All in all it was very nice .The price was not too bad for Vegas and we would definitely return.
Service was great! It was a pretty romantic place. We decided not to dine at the patio, but still had a good time.. French onion soup and escargot not so much. I've had much better!
love sitting out on the patio along the strip.... we always go with friends and are treated like royalty
Enter this restaurant from inside the casino at Paris Casino. Sitting outside completely changes the atmosphere. Whereas inside it feels like a formal upscale restaurant. Outside, you get the night time atmosphere of Vegas. People watching was highly entertaining. We were also able to see the fountain show across the street at the Bellagio. They have heat lamps next to each table outside.. . Bread was fresh out of the oven. Escargot was fantastic. Filet was well prepared. Service was slow even though we ate early and the inside of the restaurant was mostly empty. Wine selection was not large but varied. One bottle could be found at the local Jewel for the same price as a glass in the restaurant. Overall great place to eat great food and decompress on vacation.
Went there for lunch. The wait wasn't that bad. It only took us ten minutes to get a seat outside. The atmosphere was great especially when the bellagio fountain is right across the street. Food was decent, but it was reaaaaalllllyyyyyy slow.
With a prime location and views of the Bellagio fountains, this spot is one of the best values on the Strip.  The hanger steak and frites were perfectly cooked and a good deal at $20. The salad eaters at our table raved about the spinach and salmon salad.  One thing I would not order in the future was the seafood tower.  At $50, I was expecting to get a bit more seafood than what was served, and while it all tasted very good, I would probably only order it if I lived in a place where I couldn't get fresh seafood.  Service was excellent.
This place is amazing!  The food feels authentic, the staff is incredibly friendly, fun and helpful, and if you go at the right time, you can watch the Bellagio fountain show while you eat!  . . The most memorable part of the meal to me was the fois gras.  I've never had it before, but I've been told that if not prepared correctly, it can be a very negative experience.  I really enjoyed it and would definitely try it again if it's prepared as well as this.  . . The only mark down I give is for the price.  It's definitely not a cheap place to eat, but considering all you get ambiance and food wise, it's defintely worth it!
it's pricey, but definitely not the most pricey if tou're going for something a little fancier. The setting is very romantic, and the staff was polite and friendly. If you have a bit extra to spend, give it a shot. The food is delicious.
This place offers a great value. You get very good steaks that are reasonably priced and very tasty.  Tried the one with Merlot sauce and the peppercorn sauce. Service is great, they are fast friendly and very attentive.   Kids menu is an awesome value and great tasting. The ambiance is one of a kind, especially the patio seating with great views of Bellagio water show and the strip.   This place is a solid 4 perhaps even a 5.
Excellent food. Friendly server! Great view to the Bellagio fountain! The Maine Lobster roll is delicious and portion is generous. Oyster was very fresh, albeit a bit small. French onion soup is not salty.
the good: . prices were decent, seafood appetizer tower was pretty fresh, bread perfect and hot, . scallop entree was decent, fries and their potato chips were awesome ( i'm still craving them right now!), servers were pretty good.. . the bad:. the hostess working at the podium on the morning of Christmas Eve needs to tone down her attitude or needs to be replaced. this is what ensued between her and a coworker:. Diva ( speaking to coworker): Get the pager from that customer.. Coworker: trying to do something with the menus she's holding. Diva: Pager! get the Pager! (this is while she's snapping her fingers and pointing at the customer walking by with the pager). Coworker: "i heard you the first time!". .  *she must be a joy to work with*. . here's how it went with me and the Diva:. Me: Three please.. Diva: It'll be 15-20 min outside. Me: Okay..  * This is where she gets retarded. She just stares at me. I get uncomfortable. I'm thinking "don't you need to take down my name or give me a pager?". . Me: Um, aren't I supposed to get a pager?. . *only then does she hand me the dang pager. Diva/bimbo doesn't even apologize for her momentary brain fart. ^Thinking is so hard.
Food: Delicious! Definitely get one of the steak frites. My boyfriend got the fish & chips, and they weren't as amazing as what the rest of the family got. I personally loved my steak au poivre, my boyfriend's brother loved his steak bordelaise, and my boyfriend's dad got the ribeye. The portions and quality of food are worth the price. Definitely try one of the desserts - the warm chocolate cake was fabulous.. . Service: The service was good, but if you need to be on time for a show (like the O at the Bellagio across the street), make sure to tell your server ASAP! I told the hostess as she walked us to the door, but I really should have also spoken with the server immediately. She took her time at first before we spoke to her about our tickets, but after that was absolutely perfect, getting the food out to us quickly, etc. Our water glasses were always full, and we got everything we wanted.. . Location/Seating: We got a perfect table right at the edge of the patio. Unless it's super cold, definitely sit on the patio. There are heat lamps, you can people-watch, and you have front-row seating for the Bellagio fountain show.. . GETTING A TABLE:. Okay, here's the info I really need you to know: Just try everything. Try to get a reservation (indoors only), then show up 45-60 minutes before you actually want to eat and ask for an outdoor patio seat. You can also ask for an indoors table, but the ambiance wouldn't be anything out of the ordinary for a fancy restaurant.. . The reason why this place is 4 stars instead of 5 is because of their ridiculous approach to tables. I wanted to eat at 5:30 to get to our 7:30 show at the Bellagio. No reservations except for 4:30 and 9:30 - I went with neither. So my boyfriend and I showed up an hour early and went to separate lines (???) for an indoor table vs. an outdoor table. He could get an outdoor table that could be ready around 5:30 (perfect) and I couldn't get anything until 9. I just got mad when we were escorted to our patio table and we passed by several empty tables that could have accommodated our party. That was frustrating and I could see how that wouldn't be great if the weather was terrible (unlikely) or if someone really needed to sit inside. I dunno, that just didn't make any sense.
The food was very similar to the Chicago location, but they didn't split the french onion soup when we told them we were sharing.  It would have been nice for them to split it like they do in Chicago.  Everything was great, but the service was a step down from the service that you would normally get at the original.  We were still very happy with our meal, but I guess Vegas servers are just a step down from what you get in the Windy City.
UPFRONT DISCLAIMER: I'm not a fan of Las Vegas. Don't like the Oz-like fantasy world and the wretched excess of blatant consumerism that is thrust in your face from every angle. And I'm tired of holding my breath so as not to catch a case of cancer from all the cigarettes as I try to take a shortcut through some casino to get to the street! So I'm kinda prejudiced against just about anything in that town save the Bellagio fountains (how can you not get a kick out of that??!!) . . Which brings up restaurants. More celeb restaurants per square foot here than anywhere else in the world and, quite frankly, it's all overkill. Most are factories with a big name attached. And yes, the food at these places can be decent. I just find them to be over-priced splurges for the masses who come here once a year on a big vacation!. . But then there's Mon Ami Gabi. The only big name attached here is the Lettuce Entertain You folks out of Chicago who happen to run some pretty popular and very accessible restaurants from Chi-Town to Santa Monica. What they've done here at Paris, Paris is create a very friendly French Bistro & Terrace environment with pretty authentic French Bistro fare at a reasonable price -- all staged across the street from those killer fountains of Bellagio! This is not Alain Ducasse cuisine by ay stretch of the imagination but the recipes and preparations have integrity, the service is delivered with friendly attitude and the setting is cool.  Intimate it is not but you can find your own intimacy within the bustle and flow of the dining scene here. It's alive, glowing, engaging and delicious! We've been there for breakfast, lunch and dinner over several different trips and have always found it to be a good value, delicious and a pleasant escape from the frenetic antics of the Vegas denizens.. . I highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi! C'est si bon!
The food and service made my night. Their fries were pretty good. It's not overly oily or burnt or soggy. Perfect! I think something they could do about the half plate of fries was to add something else like seasoned vegetables, some sort of salad, or just a smaller portion of fries. It was great, but I couldn't finish it all! I ordered a Steak Dijon and it was good, but they could have been a bitttt more generous with the sauce. My brother's Steak Merlot was ok given that he ordered it medium well. (not a big fan of anything more than medium) My dad's filet mignon...MMMMMMMMMMM...YUMMY! He doesn't like bloody stuff, so it was well done and still!!! I'd think it'd be difficult to order a tasty well done filet mignon, but this chef did it! Meat was not burnt, hard, or super chewy. Nice and tender. Delicious!!! I've got nothing but compliments for their food. My mom had the Trout Amandine. I expected it to be so-so, but goodness! It was practically boneless and the fish was sooooooo soft. It felt like it just melted in my mouth. I ordered a banana crepe afterward and it was okay! It wasn't amazing, but everything else for the night was just wonderful. Definitely coming back again! :)
Great view Bellagio Fountain show at night so definitely try to get patio, worth the wait.  Have to try the duck, great value.
I came here most importantly for the view of Bellagio fountain from the patio, and luckily I got a patio table!!! The food & service was decent as well. Make sure to make a reservation ahead of time. You can reserve very easily online.
