I think I was a little overwhelmed at first... they've got a lot of good stuff on the menu, and even more on the wall menu!  Some of it's hard to read (as in faded writing, not I'm an illiterate bastard... although when it comes to kanji, I suppose you can call me that), but I pretty much wanted to try EVERYTHING.. . Since it was only my old man and I, we ended up getting fried chicken (there's like three different types but I told the server no cutlet/katsu style), red snapper carpaccio, seared ahi tuna, miso ramen, yellowtail tar tar.  It was a lot of food... it hurt so good  =P. . Gotta say, not a fan of the carpaccio, but that's just me.  It was very well prepared and the quality was VERY good... it was just the first time I've tried that (based on a recommendation), and it turned out not to be my thing!  Everything else was BOMB.  It's ALMOST as good as Furaibo near my hometown.  Actually, upon further review, Ichiza has a more extensive menu, so I'll say they're as good =D  which is saying a lot!. . Not the best I've ever had in my entire time upon this earth... But if you're in the mood... I strongly recommend it
Been going here for some years now. Great place to eat late at night when no one else is open. . . This is not a place I would recommend for the sushi/nigiri, the other menu items are far superior to the sushi served here.. . The walls are filled with pictures of menu items, so one can always see a new dish or two when one goes there.. . Definitely try the butter fish and, of course, the honey bread.
Ichiza is a izakaya restaurant located in close proximity to the Las Vegas strip. My friends and I took a cab from the strip and it came to be ~$10 per ways. Compared to other izakaya restaurant, Ichiza is suited well for informal gatherings with friends and companions who are adventurous when it comes to food. I would not recommend for dates or casual after-office meetings (as most izakaya's are for). I like to think of Ichiza as the younger, hipper version of its upscale, intimate Raku, counterpart. . . Both Raku and Ichiza serve decently made traditional izakaya entrees . Food presentation at Ichiza is lacking compared to Raku but they have more varieties of dishes for one to try. The one complaint I have of their menu is that a lot of their more interesting varieties are scribbled on pieces of paper that are pasted against the wall. Therefore, making it inconvenient when you are ordering. So, make note of good dishes that are recommended to you either through word of mouth, bloggers or yelpers. I can definitely say that are enough options to feed a mouthful with splitting open your wallet.. . I went with a group of 8 friends, ordered many ~16 dishes and it came to a total of ~$17 pp. It is a izakaya, so you can eat/order however much or little you would like. . My recommendations are the following (please note that I do like raw fish and sometimes meat, if fresh enough, so I will note any dishes that contain raw items):. . -Takoyaki: "OCTOPUS BALLS" (not literally) If you have never had this, you MUST try. I am from the bay area where a lot of Japanese and asian families live and rarely do I see takoyaki on menus. Not only does Ichiza have it but it is done to perfection. . . -Okonomiyaki: I believe this is seasonal. The texture and flavors is very similar to takoyaki except that it has more vegetables and no octopus balls. Think of it as traditional Japanese pizza. . -Hamachi tartar: excellent textural contrast between the flaky rice placed between two crisp wonton skins and topped with smooth and buttery hamachi tartar with avocado. This was amazing. . -Ichiza DX Ramen: I enjoyed this VERY much. Perfectly al dente ramen noodles, beautifully refreshing soup, delicious pork loin? pieces. I can slurp up every bit of it. The normal portion is humongous. We got 2 to share between 8 people and it was plenty. You can also get the half order if the normal size is too large. . -Fried Oyster: Burst of oyster juice and flavor in your mouth. I loved the various condiments they provide as well. . -Grilled Eggplant with Shrimp: really good sweet and spicy flavors that reminded me of authentic szechuan goodness. The sauce was so addicting that people just started dipping everything in it! haha. . -Anything Hibachi grilled would probably taste excellent! We had the beef tongue (:D), pork with shiso leaf (very unique flavors kind of like mint and basil) and yakitori (loved this). . -Bacon wrapped mochi. -Beef Tataki. -Broiled Miso Cod. . Honey Toast is supposed to be really food but we were already too stuffed to keep going. But to be honest it is a just a huge slice of toasted asian breast drizzled with honey and vanilla ice cream. It does sound good but could be something you could make at home. . . Overall, Ichiza is a lot of fun to eat and converse in. I would recommend!
This place is outstanding great food friendly helpful service and very reasonably priced it's just not fancy definetly a favorite
This is another one of those local gems that serve great comfort food. They have specials plastered all over the walls as well as some pictures. The prices are reasonable and they serve all kinds of faire that is not typical in Japanese restaurants. They serve from bento boxes, to sushi, to udon, to skewers. You have to try the butter corn over chips, takoyaki, stir fried chicken with scallions, chicken meatball skewers, four kinds of stewed mushrooms, and the okra skewers. . . Everything in here looked so yummy and we were always interested in seeing what some of the patrons around us were ordering. Unfortunately, our tummies can only hold so much food, so you better believe that I'll be back to visit next time I come to Las Vegas. A diamond in the rough fo sheezy.
Beef Tongue Stew.. Wasabi Octopus. an order of skewers, and a bowl of white rice.. . and youre good to go
The food is Off the wall!  Actually it's on the wall mostly.  The everchanging menu at Ichiza is mostly written on cards on the wall, and is always being updated.  Expect a unique experience each time you dine, and this place typically gets repeat business.. . The small restaurant is centered around the large open kitchen in the middle.  It is really nice to see the chefs vigorously at work while you're dining.  Ichiza is noisy, busy, hip, and worth the hype. . . This time we ordered:. . Soju w/ lemon juice cocktail - Soju is like a rice vodka.  It's 40 proof, and is typically drank with salty and pickled foods.  It was served with a sliced lemon, a citrus juicer to squeeze the fresh lemon juice out, and some sprite.  Very refreshing, and fun!. . Beef Tongue Skewer -   Toothsome, tender, and tasty.  If you've never had tongue, this is a good way to eat it.  . . Fried Quail Egg - Perfect panko breading, the eggs came on a skewer, which made them easy to enjoy.  The satisying creaminess of the egg beneath the slight crunch from the breading made for a fantastic dish.. . Tom Yum Roll - Tempure Shrimp, cilantro, ginger, rice, wrapped in rice paper, served with a lime.  It reminded me very much of the classic Thai soup to which it owes its name.. . AgeDashi - Tofu lightly flash fried and served in a light miso broth.  I enjoyed this agedashi very much, except there was a gelatenous film on the tofu.  I don't know what it was, and didn't mind it, although my friend found it visually offensive which ruined the meal.  I am curious what it was, but it didn't have too much impact on the dish.. . Baked Black Cod in miso (Butterfish) - Not the best butterfish I've had.  The broth was too salty and the skin of the black cod was mushy.  A crisp skin would be nice, or at least getting the fish without the skin.  . . Wasabi Octopus - Raw octopus chopped into small pieces, served with fresh wasabi.  Very good flavor and "burn your nostrils" hot.  The issue with this dish was the octopus was chewy and cut very small, which made it difficult to eat.  Think kernals of corn in size, but chewy.. . Ichiza is a fun way to experience Japanese cuisine, or to get loud with friends, they stay open past 2 AM.
Yum yum to my tum!  This place has great Japanese food for a late night spot.  I would've never known about this spot if it wasn't for a friend of ours who is a local.  Came here around midnight and were starved for some good food. Considering the hour, it was pretty packed probably mostly locals since it is far from the strip.  I don't remember everything we ordered since it was so much.  Tried the gizzards, mochi wrapped with bacon, beef tongue, and some other delicious dishes.  Everything was on point and the sake complimented it very well.  Would definitely like to revisit this spot!
We went here with a group of people for my friend's birthday.  They misplaced her reservation so the wait was slightly long I think.  It's a happenin place and there was a bunch of people there, so it was loud and crowded.  We were able to get seated in the area where you have to take off your shoes so that was kind of fun.. . I didn't really get the whole order off the wall thing, but it was fun.  I just kept wondering if there was more stuff that we were missing on the other side of the restaurant because we wanted to try everything!. . We ended up getting probably 10 things, I'm not sure the exact number.  Here were the ones that totally sticked out in my mind:. . Seared Salad - Nice and fresh with some carpaccio.  The flavors were excellent.   . . Kimchi fried rice - I'm actually not a huge fan of kimchi, so I'm not sure why I liked this rice so much.  But anyway, it had a good spicy flavor, and I like.  Went well with the pork belly.. . Pork belly - YUM.  The meat was so delicious it just melts in your mouth.  . . Yellowtail Tar Tar - I would probably go back just for this.  I don't know how to explain it, but the flavor was awesome.. . We got the honey toast upon recommendation from Yelp.  Huh?  It just tastes like toast with honey on it with ice cream on top?  I can make that at home and it would be so much cheaper.  . . There was a bunch of other stuff that we got that I already forgot.  I wish it was slightly cheaper... but I really think you pay for the experience.  Plus it seems like that use good quality and unique ingredients.  I'll be back, Izakaya is fun when with a bunch of people.
When you're in Vegas and you've gotten your share of endless buffets, this would be THE place to hit up for that izakaya you're craving for. It's crowded and their line is long, so make sure you call in advance to reserve your table first! Love the fact this place is like those hole-in-the-wall joints you'd find in Japan with Japanese writings and menu items plastered all over their walls. . . Had lots of good dishes here: Miso Butterfish, Beef Tataki, Tofu Salad with Tuna Sashima, Yellowtail Tartar, Honey Toast.. Highly recommend their tapas. I'd probably skip the beef bowl and shrimp fried rice, those can be too filling and taste was pretty generic. Can't wait to go back and try more tapas and yakitori! This place reminds me of Honda-Ya or Shinsengumi, for those that are also from LA. :)
Late late hours. Honey toast. Menu on walls. This place is great. . . It would get 5 stars, but it's always so packed. I have an average 30 minute wait to be seated and sometimes food takes a bit. . . Oh, and the honey toast takes a bit to make, so if I plan on having some for the evening, I order it a bit early.. . Favorite dishes:. - Miso ramen. - Kimchee Fried Rice. - Ika ring. - Eel Kakage Tempura roll. - Yellowtail Tar Tar. - Honey Toast. . and I always try to throw something new in every now and then.
Another great visit to Ichiza. Brought a bunch of girlfriends to broaden their culinary landscapes. Must make a reservation cause the place was packed! Just love getting those jealous glares from the folks who wait 30+ minutes for a table when you can glide on in and order. Pitchers of Kirin were awesome, well worth the $15. . . The goods: . Yellow Tail Tar-Tar - kinda like a nacho w/ raw yellowtail, salsa & avocado on a chip with a rice bottom . Deep Fried Bacon Wrapped Pork Loin - need I say more?? . Deep Fried Mozzarella & Salmon - Yummy . Miso Butterfish - Delicious and very fresh . Octopus Balls- Served piping hot and chewy - delish so good everyone tried one . Chicken Kaarage(?) Marinated fried chicken - awesome w beer!. Honey Toast - Not what I expected -basically a 1/3 loaf of bread w drizzled honey and topped with ice cream . . My only complaint was the food came out extremely slow and the hostess kept telling us we only had the booth for 2 hours... they extended our time a bit since the last dish came out so late past our "discharge" time.
Mmm... just thinking about my dinner at Ichiza makes my mouth water.. . Very authentic and fairly inexpensive Japanese food.  The space is small though, so be prepared to wait and possibly share a table (more fun anyways!). . Things to try:. . Sea Urchin with Ponzu Sauce- incredibly fresh, served in a lemon. Ankimo (fish liver) - delish.. Beef Tataki- super rare beef w/ a tangy savory sauce. Boiled Pork Belly w/ Egg. Honey Toast- buttery toast w/ a heap of honey-drizzled ice cream. AMAZING. . The only reason this place gets 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the inevitable wait.
i've enver had japanese small plates before, so this was a first for me. i felt like we were ordering everything and there was only 4 of us! but it was perfect, filling, andcame out to be fairly inexpensive. the food was all well prepared, the waitress was kind enough to suggest several options, most of which we tried and was really good. we also wanted onigiri and wasn't sure which we wanted but could recall the taste. so we tried to describe it to her and she was helpful in bringing out a small bit of what she thought we were trying to describe to let us taste it before we ordered.. very helpful. . . portions were a good size, service was great too. definitely liked the octopus, cooked perfectly. their seaweed salad was an awesome array of different types of seaweed, lightly sauced and very refreshing, not the usual u'd get at an americanized japanese place. their rolls were a good size, and when they said tempura, they really mean a whole another portion of tempura in there, er, on there =P, depends on what u get. i definitely recommend this spot. my favorite, tho it wasn't clearly stated on the menu, was their onigiri.. i know it's simple and hard to f-up, but the rice was perfect, the amount of fish eggs was perfect, and the seaweed was crisp and seem fresh. i'd come back just for that ;). . we didn't get drinks tho, and weren't in the mood for drinks so i forget what their collection is like.. . overall, service was good, food was good, atmosphere was very chill.. love the onigiri =)
I finally decided to finish up my review for Ichiza.  My first trip consisted of trying the ramen.  Here's what I had written for that visit:. . "The ramen at Ichiza isn't the best that I have had.  After visiting Monta so many times, I guess i was expecting something more flavorful.  The broth is pretty bland, although it is probably healthier than the Monta broth.  The veggies and meat were all fresh.  However, I like the noodles better at Monta as well.  This is more of an appetizer to share with friends rather than a main course meal.". . My opinion changed after I went with a few friends, and we tried lots of stuff.  I didn't have time to record everything we ate, but I remember enjoying nearly all of it. We had a few rolls to start off with, california rolls, a sardine roll, etc.  These were pretty standard rolls, and very tasty.  We also tried a pork belly bowl, which we all thought was amazing!  It was so tender and had a perfect flavor.  The fried octopus was about the only octopus I have had that wasn't rubbery.  So many dishes, and all of them were great!  . . If you haven't been to Ichiza, go with a group of friends that like to try different things, and give this place a try.  It is a local Japanese favorite, and for good reason!
Ha I finally found this place must have passed it a thousand times. Tucked away on spring mountain is a little gem of a, as my home girl LIL says Izakaya. Food is good though it could all be presented in a menu. You got to go there a few times to figure it all out. Well thought out little entrees right in line with dishes you would probably find walking the streets of Tokyo. I went with a bunch of friends who knew what to order. I orderd a Tofu Avacado Salad most likely because of where I was sat.Very good salad, nice amounts of tofu diced ripe avocado iceburg lettuce leafed with your typical soy vinaigrette.  I likes the little Grilled Mushrooms wrapped in Chicken skin, brilliant! We had some chicken gizzards but I didn't try. Then we got some Garlic that was roasted and served with miso paste. Funky but some how went real well with a grilled musubi. There was much gooey natto going around. . Service was very comfortable and friendly. I'll come back here for sure. Open till 2am get an extra star.
I've been skipping this place for a while because I was not sure what they had to offer.  I usually go to AYCE type Japanese Sushi Restaurants.  Well, I decided to be advanturous today and went there for dinner with a few friends.  I was shocked by the wide range of interesting menu items plastered all over the walls in the restaurant.. . All the Sushi rolls were excellant and the prices were very resonable.  They do not have a wide selection of sushi rolls.  The pork belly was awesome and could possibly went well with a bottle of Asahi.  The Honey Toast with a scoop of vanilla ice cream was to die for and really finished the meal for us.
Perfect place to go when you want to try Japanese food that doesn't have the words "teriyaki", "sushi" or "roll" attached. I've been to Ichiza on a couple of occasions, and each time the place has been busy. Add to that fact, the restaurant is small with limited seating; but people don't seem to mind because the food is good and the atmosphere is unique. Ichiza isn't trying to win people over by turning up the "fancy" switch like some Japanese restaurants do; they are about serving their customers authentic Japanese cuisine. The regular menu is nice, but the real reason why people keep coming back to Ichiza (besides the Honey Toast) is the special Japanese "tapas" menu written on paper and then attached to the walls. . . I guess I don't practice what I preach because on my most recent visit here, we ordered strictly from the regular menu. . . First up, an order of Takoyaki- 6 balls of dough, similar in consistency to pancakes, but crispy on the outside and soft (almost undercooked) in the inside, and filled w/ pieces of octopus and veggies. Topped w/ Japanese mayo, takoyaki sauce & bonito flakes. Yummy! Perfect snack food. . . Next, we ordered a bowl of Ramen- lots of veggies, large delicious pieces of char siu (pork), full-bodied broth & nicely-cooked ramen. No complaints. . Finally, we ended our meal w/ Monjayaki (We wanted Okonomiyaki at first, but they didn't have it and recommended this dish instead)- a thick pancake w/ fried eggs on the bottom, kimchi and pork in the middle, and topped w/ the same Takoyaki toppings. This was my least favorite dish of the evening. It wasn't memorable, but it wasn't bad. It was just a so-so dish, and definitely on the heavy side. . . I've tried the Honey Toast here, and while definitely Yummy w/ a capital Y, it's a very easy dish to make at home at a fraction of the cost. . . If you're in Vegas, you have to check out Ichiza (at least once). Don't miss out on the hottest thing to happen to Chinatown...
Expect to wait for a seat. You'll be glad u did. Highly recommend the honey toast.
Arguably the most authentic Japanese eatery/ izakaya in the Sin City. I don't really drink but I like izakaya food very much - the small portion is the charm as you can try many different things in one single meal. Their poki tuna/tofu salad is my favorite.  Their yakitori and grilled dishes are very good as well - grilled beef tongue, anyone? . . This place is not like the usual Americanized "Japanese" restaurants, so think twice before you bring your colleagues/customers to this place.. . Anyway, for me, authenticity matters - it helps me survive the insanity of Vegas. Also this place is off the Strip, so price is very reasonable.
Ever since I moved to Vegas, all I've heard from friends mouths is "Ichiza this.. Ichiza that.." and I am so glad I, finally, got a chance to samps (sample) the food!. . Funny thing is I went there on a busy Friday night and ran into 2 different groups of friends that rave to me about this spot. . . Ordered the cold tofu, kim chee fried rice, hamachi sashimi, tuna sashimi, pickled veggies, etc etc. . And even though we ordered all this from the menu, there were soooooooooooOOOOoooo much more to order on the walls...too bad we weren't near the walls, nor could we read Japanese =(. This is a place where you can try new things everytime and prolly still not have tried the whole menu......yes, there is THAT much things to order.. . Regardless this place didn't fail all the rave reviews. . . Except the pickled veggies..yucky!!!. . Almost forgot to mention that they are opened late....not 24 hours but, late enough for some drunken grindz.
Super good! Really authentic. Yellow tail tar tar is BOMB. I think I'm going to have to come here every time I'm in Vegas.
We set a reservation for 6 and the place was not too crowded when we arrived on a Wednesday night.  The tofu salad was terrific.  The yellowtail tar tar is not to be missed. I really enjoyed the udon noodle soup which came with three bowls so we could share. We finished with the honey toast which is simple and delicious.  With the late night hours I fear we might become regulars.
everytime i come to vegas i try to make a stop here. it's definitely worth the trip off the strip and the long wait for a taxi to come pick you up.. . grilled rice balls mm.... tofu and tuna salad..light and fresh. my friends love the buttered clams. the homemade pork gyoza were ok. grilled corn, sweet crunchy and tasty. wagyu beef carpaccio was all gobbled down. sundried squid chewy tasty goodness. the stewed pork with egg was a huge disappointment, it was dry and looked like it had been chilling for awhile, flavor was ok tho. eggdrop soup was very rich and large.. yums. chicken karaage was  battered fried goodness. friend baby octopus, my friends liked it.  my favorite is the honey toast dessert, so simple yet so damn good
Okay, I'll admit it: I consider myself somewhat of a "foodie". There are very few things I love more than a good meal and I'm definitely what some people would refer to as an "adventurous eater". While I've eaten at my fair share of places in Las Vegas, none had been able to satisfy my inner Anthony Bourdain. That is, until a good friend of mine introduced me to Ichiza during one of our weekly dinner excursions.. . Having spent a considerable amount of time in Japan, I'm pretty familiar with izakaya-style dining so I had an idea of what to anticipate. What I didn't expect was the level of authenticity the restaurant delivered, not only in ambiance but also the food. We were given a regular menu but any good izakaya-vet knows the magic really happens on the wall. It was refreshing to see items on the menu that are unlike any other Japanese restaurant I've been to in Vegas; Miso black cod, beef tongue, octopus in wasabi? Definitely a dream come true for someone so into unusual and uncommon foods. Try the eel karaage tempura roll and the honey toast,  two of the best things I have consumed. Ever. . . I've been back several times now and have taken numerous friends to Ichiza and have never been disappointed. The service has always been wonderful and the waitstaff very friendly and helpful. Once in awhile there's a bit of a wait to get in, as the place is very small and always packed (just another testament to how great the cuisine is) but it's definitely worth it. Why let something as trivial as a ten minute wait rain on my eating escapades?
I have wanted to try Ichiza for quite awhile. We finally went about three weeks ago. Since then I've been there twice and my wife has been at least 4 times. Needless to say, we are now fans.. . The first time I went we had:. Udama-age: deep-fried breaded quail eggs. Tar tar yellow tail. Kushi-tan: beef tongue skewers. Garlic chicken gizzard. Oshinko: Japanese pickled veggies. Wasabi octopus. Santa: sushi roll with tuna and spinach. Honey toast: loaf of bread with honey and ice cream. . Everything was very good. My favorite was the Santa which had a nice balance of flavors.. . The second time we went we had:. Spider roll . Eel kakiage tempura roll. Agedashi tofu. Sweet peppers . Chicken wings. Ocha-zuke with salmon. Deep-fried garlic. . Everything was very good the second time around as well.. . My favorite thing about Ichiza is the wide array of items to try. I love trying new things and could go back several more times, order several items, and still never repeat an item.
I love this place for a certain favorites.Whenever I venture out though, I'm like ehhh. So my top reccommendations include; the eel kakiage tempura roll, the Kaku-ni (deeply boiled diced pork belly with egg), the Ichiza's Ramen DX (ramen with pork belly and half egg), and the Tofu Salad with tuna sashimi.. . Get the honey toast once....just to try the hype.I love sweets, but I don't crave this like crack food that others make it out to appear.
Great food! . . I asked my friend for restaurant recommendation in Vegas, and this place was one of her recommendations. After I checked out the Yelp reviews and pics of their food, I told myself i must check it out.. . Their food was so yummy! I enjoyed everything i tried there, especially pachinko, uni mochi & the honey toast. (actually i made sure I had room for the honey toast as dessert when I ordered, cos those honey toast pics on Yelp looked so good!). . . The reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 was that it's hard to order from their menu.. more special dishes were posted on the wall, and I found it a bit difficult to know what i wanted... . . Guess what my hubby & I did?? we picked food from the pics posted on Yelp and showed the pics to thewaitress :P It worked so well! If you do not know / are not good at Japanese, you may wanna check out the pics first... I saw a couple just sat down and couldn't make orders and just left.. another couple just sat there for a long time having difficult time to pick food, and finally their friend (who happened to be there too) gave them suggestions.
After deciding against dining here with my friends because of the long wait, I came back with my family the next day, and have to say it was worth it. Yummy food at reasonable prices. The longer I sat in the restaurant the more I kept planning my return visit, as I kept finding new things I wanted to try on the walls. . I had the ramen (excellent) and the chicken and egg bowl (also tasty) but my favorite dish that night was my mom's fried rice: Amazing! Well that is other than the Honey Toast - Don't skip dessert :)
Arrived here after watching a movie with the boyfriend. We were able to get a table once we got in because two people had just left.. . AMBIANCE:. Place was packed and the entire staff was pretty busy. This is a good sign for anyone if you want to know if it's gonna be worth your time and money.. . FOOD:. Got their pork cutlet musubi, wagyu beef, beef bowl, and honey toast.. . Pork cutlet musubi-inside the cutlet there was cheese, which made it really good for me, on top there was sliced cabbage and an egg, the egg's yolk wasn't fully cooked so I didn't eat it, I should've mentioned that to the waitress. The pork itself was tender and cooked just right.. Wagyu beef-You got four thin strips with spring and white onions swimming in some sauce that I don't know. real pricey $8.50 for one order but it was the best out of all we ordered. Beef bowl-meat was very tasty! Also tender and the rice that came with it added to a nice flavor that I enjoyed very much.. Honey toast-practically everyone here ordered this, and now I know why...because it is awesome! The ice cream and honey together was delicious! The bread was soft and tasty as well.. . SERVICE:. They failed on this one when it came to getting the waitress to notice us when we wanted her to take our order. That waitress passed by several times before she acknowledged that we were there with menus, staring at her. However this did changed after we got our food, they made sure our drinks were full and cleared the empty plates.. . This is a cool place to eat some real good Japanese food, especially when the people next to you are Japanese! You know it's that good!
Love this place have very good food and price is reasonable, great service. Fun place
Crowded, good food, reasonable prices.. . This place is packed, always. We've been once and tried a ton of stuff, but have tried to go back on 4 occasions only to not find parking. But what we have experienced makes it worth trying.  Just plan on a painful parking and possibly a wait (small place). This is located on the second floor in this shopping mall.
I really like Ichiza.  The food didn't blow me away like a few other Japanese bar-like restaurant food I've tried before, but were still pretty delicious.  We puzzled over many menu items and the large number of posted special menu items.It added to the characteristic and "fun" factor for a small restaurant like Ichiza.  We enjoyed the grilled squid, the pork belly, and stir fried beef tongue.  The garlic chicken gizzard was tasty, but wished it was cut a bit bigger than the mini little chunks.  I would definitely come back to Ichiza again next time I visit Vegas!
Thumbs up for preparing a reservation for 26 people when their restaurant only probably fits 50 or so.. This is a great authentic Japanese izakaya off the strip. The prices are very reasonable and the food is solid.. There are a gajillion dishes you can choose from and all were pretty damn good.. Great way to get off the strip and order non overpriced food.. They also didnt get pissed off at us when the birthday candles apparently were like fireworks and sparking everywhere. . Their service is great.
Dude.. I just love Ichiza.. . Like, really?. . This place is your go to stop for authentic Japanese Izakaya. If it's Japanese food you're looking for, Ichiza is the place to be. Unfortunately, I'm a broke college student that can't afford to just try everything on the menu but in my opinion I've had quite a decent variety of the items offered on Ichiza's menu. Things like their DX ramen and beef bowl, their cheese stuffed chicken katsu and dice cut steak with ponzu sauce, and of course their HONEY TOAST!. . Of course, like any good Izakaya, they have their specialty items plastered all over the restaurant so you kind of have to walk around to find the real gems that Ichiza has to offer and sometimes it gets difficult considering the signs are wearing off and they're getting pretty difficult to read.. (hence the missing star). . For an outsider, this place is less 5 minutes off the strip driving so I say if you couldn't drive here.. You were just making up excuses.. . Go forth and get your Ichiza on fellow Yelpers!
I have been to Ichiza twice and I am still at a loss for words.  It's not that I didn't love the food (I did)... I think it's that I can never remember what I ordered. The menu is so vast that they have enough items to wallpaper the entire restaurant (which they do). . . As I said, I honestly can't remember most of the items I've tried. I pretty much closed my eyes and pointed at random items on the menu. I wish I could take the time to walk around the restaurant and see what else they offer but was too shy to do so.. . Some of  the dishes I remember are their miso mackerel, crab fried rice and grilled squid. Everything is very reasonably priced which is wonderful because you can order a lot of food without remorse.. . The first time I went with a large group. I made the reservation for 6:30 pm and they warned me beforehand that another group is scheduled at 8:00 pm so we would need to be done by then. The waitresses kept reminding us over and over again that we needed to be out of there by 8 and hurried us to place our orders so it kind of dampened the mood. Other than the not-so-subtle rushing, service was okay. The second time I went here, service was better. Probably because it was a Monday night and there were only four of us.. . Both times I have been here, it was jam packed. That's how you can tell how popular this place is. Reservations are highly recommended especially for groups. Next time I'd love to sit at one of the low tables where you take off your shoes and sit on the floor for a more authentic experience.. . I like to take out-of-towners to Ichiza to show them another side of Las Vegas that isn't a casino buffet. They offer good food for really cheap. I keep forgetting to save room for the famous Honey Toast that I keep hearing about so I'll be sure to order that next time.
We love Ichiza and go almost every time we're in Vegas.  We always order a ton of food.  Everything is always delicious, but I  love the chicken tatsuta-age and the kimchee fried rice.  It's always busy and there is often a wait, but it's definitely worth it.
Went here with my attorney.  I'd call it Japanese comfort food.  Yes the menus are on the walls but they also will actually hand you a menu.  The drinks are good and I loved the ramen!  Be adventurous and try something outside your comfort zone.
One of my favorite places in Vegas and definitely one I frequent.. . Pretty much always busy especially later on at night/morning. Expect to wait if you're there friday or Saturday night but the waits never really that long. . . Most of the items are really good. Definitely order off the walls. Some of my favorites are the hamachi kama (yellowtail collar), salmon belly, red snapper carpaccio, beef tongue, fried quail eggs, yellowtail tartare, ramen with char-sui, chicken intestine, and the pork or shrimp shumai. Theres a ton of other menu items and they keep adding more.. Definitely don't leave without the honey toast!. . Great ambiance, friendly staff and good casual vibe. Prices are also very reasonable so you can definitely go as big or little as you want. You really feel as if you are in a Japanese pub.
Came here just looking for something to do on a busted clubbing night in Vegas, and this place made my weekend!  Set humbly and inconspicuosly on the 2nd floor of a small plaza off of Spring Mtn Rd, this Japanese styled beer house has the rustic wooden furnishings & even a large table with cushions and the signature no-shoes policy for the larger groups in the back.. . This izakaya is serving up an endless (no seriously, 100+ items not on the menu line the walls here) combination of grilled and fried delicacies.  My group seemingly tried everything from traditional items like the yakitori & beef tongue skewers, pot stickers, cold ramen, beef bowl, to the more modern fare like the seafood quesadilla, and the deep fried zucchini w/ bacon and mozzerella cheese.  The more friends and fam you have to eat and drink with, the merrier, as my 4 cousins and I were able to shamelessly order dish after dish of great drunk munchies. And washing it all down with ice cold Kirin served on tap made this yelper one satisfied customer.  I'm a fan. You should be too.
Been here my 3rd time. I love the setting where you can sit low to the ground with your bar feet. Also love how the menu are all posted on the wall. Although it's kinda hard to see everything. . . The food meet my expectation! I accidently order the wrong thing but it turns out great. Beef Tataki something, under the appetizer, highly recommended. It's like raw beef, which is so good and chewy! The crispy pork chop with eggs and cabbage is also very good. Don't order the beef bowl unless you like your rice to be somewhat sweet. For those sweet tooth lover, try the toasted bread with the ice cream in the middle. . . I also love how their tea smell so good, which is tricked is from burned rices.
Everytime I am in Vegas, this is one of must go restaurant.  Food is excellent!  Always a full house here.  be sure to call for reservation before you go.
Good food. Excellent service!
The 5 top things I got to say about this place:. #1  The food's great for when you're sober and when you're...not sober!. #2  Perfect end-of-the-night destination.. #3  Check out their sake menu (nigori is always good).. #4  There may be a wait...but that's a good thing!. #5  Not for you if you have an overly discerning palate for sushi or ramen, don't hate. . . I've lived in Vegas for years, but only found this place in the last year or so, definitely my loss.  I tend to either start the night here before venturing out to the strip to party or end a good night out with friends with a good atmosphere and delicious food.. . This place is a good fit for both those less familiar with Asian dining (a good dose of something new) and those more than used to Asian restaurants.  No matter who you are, get the beef tongue!. . One last note is to keep you head up (there's tons more to order all over the walls) and talk to people!  It's an open and friendly environment, if you see your neighbor eating something that looks good, POLITELY lean over and ask what it is.
I have spent time in Okinawa, and Ichiza is a close to authentic as I have seen in the states.  I actually asked the waitress to make some suggestions. . . 1. I would never have thought to get the Buckwheat noodle salad, but am very happy that she recommended it.. 2. The yellow-tail sushi was very good, and good portions.. 3. I don't recall what the name was, but the fried zucchini/mozzarella/bacon app. was great!. 4. The tuna tartar was excellent.. 5. The beef carpaccio was excellent as well.. . I definitely look forward to going back for the Honey Toast!  I was too full to get it this time!. . Bon Appetit!
Overall the best homestyle Japanese food in Las Vegas. Very authentic, and huge menu selection. Points deducted for the place being dirty (You'll want to wash your jeans after touching those chairs. Also, you might get a spec of rogue sesame seed from a previous customer on your plate).. . Still I'd recommend Ichiza to anyone who wants an authentic homey Japanese experience in Las Vegas.
Great and yummy as ever.  The interior is decorated very true to Japanese tradition, service is friendly and consistent, menu has a variety for casual and adventurous eaters alike.. . For starters, I had the grilled pike fish, which I ordered accidentally but it was still tasty anyways, thankfully.  I helped myself to a dish of Smelt Fish which is probably my favorite dish on the menu.  Next, I had Fried Rice with mushrooms and veggies, and the sauce had a silky texture to it.  It was weird, but it didn't taste bad either.  Ended the night with some strawberry mochi and the bill came out to be about $40 for two people.  Very reasonable!. . The only con I would have is that the waiting time can be a little long.  I went there around 6:30pm and it wasn't very crowded, andyet it still took us about 15-20 minutes to get our first dish.. . However, the food is a yummy experience, and the location is just right off the Strip in Spring Mountain so it's a perfect place to eat before heading out to play in the night time.  Definitely one of my favorite joints to eat after I've been out all night.. . PRO: Service is great, food is awesome, vibe is energetic. CON: Wait time for food can be a bit long
food is amazing good!!! the uni & squid sushi, tonkatsu musubi, beef tataki, tuna taretare.. omg so good!! i lvoe this place and prices are awesome.. must always check out the special menu when you go in to try whats on it!!!
Good stuff.  The kim chee fried rice really is damn good.  Liked the yellow tail tar tar and tofu sashimi salad.. . I felt the honey bread was way overrated myself.  I'd prefer a good banana split any day.
IF YOU LIKE:. _drinking (i.e. sake, beer...). _a variety of small-plated appetizers to share. _a hip place to catch up with friends, relax after work with co-workers, late night hang outs... . THEN THIS PLACE IS FOR YOU! . . Recommendations:. _Buta-Kimchi (Pork and Kimchi stir-fry!!! whatt what!!). _Black-Cod Fish fillet (melts in your mouth, very buttery,..soo good!). _Yellow-tail sashimi (just threw it on the list cause i love sashimi and it was super fresh!!). _Honey Toast (warm toast drizzled with honey and condensed milk and a scoop of vanilla ice-cream! Heavenly!). . Note:. This place gets crowded. To avoid the wait, you can make reservations ahead of time.  There's a lot of items posted on the wall (in Japanese) that are not included on the paper menu (in English), so be sure to ask your waiter for recommendations, the day's specials, and etc!
Okay, overall pretty good. Selection is the strong it's strong point. The variety is staggering, so many dishes to choose from. But, they may be trying to do too many, taste wise it was okay. . . Natto w/ okra - nothing special, natto (fermented soybeans) with slices of okra. Could have bought natto from the market and sliced an okra to make this for 50 cents.. . Karaage - generous portions but there were bits of cartilage in some of the pieces. A bit bland -it's too bad. It would have been much better if they had marinated it before deep frying, as they should have. That's why they needed the dipping sauce for flavor.. . Saba Battera - props for having this on the menu. Try and find this at a Japanese restaurant. You'll have a hard time - it takes time to prepare correctly. The one here is very different from what I'm used to, don't know if this was a regional difference. This one had egg in it. I never saw this before - this is a first. Taste wasn't bad although the fish was a bit small - possibly a reason for the egg to add some favor. Also, the fish was soft, it should have been cured more. Also, The rice was slightly mushy. I may be nit picking because this is my favorite sushi and I do get to eat some very good ones. . . Gyutan (beef tongue) - okay but a bit tough. Pieces were a bit small on the skewer. . Sea eel chirashi - more like a domburi dish. Basically, eel on rice. Had some egg to stretch it out. Tasted okay, but we make this all the time at home in 5 min.. . Crab salad wrap. - used real crab plus cooked tuna w/mayonnaise, piece of lettuce warped with half of a tortilla. Nope this one didn't work at all. Tortilla, old store bought, Texture and flavor of the tortilla was too much for the rest of the components. Won't order this one again..  . For me, it was okay. I wasn't excited when I left but neither was I disappointed. I gave it 4 stars because they are authentic and much better than most of the pseudo Japanese restaurants that abound.  They do have a ways to go to get to the level of the good ones that exist at this price. Will I be back? Maybe.
Ichiza is like stepping into another world. The inside is so nicely done that you forget that your just in chinatown Las Vegas. The prices are great so it's easy to try lots of different things on the menu. I went there with my boyfriend and a friend for his birthday. We got a lot of different things but the best were the beef tongue skewer, chicken meatballs, and the broiled mackerel. The miso ramen was really sweet but not to bad, Monta is better. The house sake was also really smooth, granted it was my first time having sake. Overall I want to go back and try other things and would suggest others to try it too.
My first visit was after Captain America's midnight showing at about 2:30am in the morning. They have the actual menu + the other "menu" on the wall all over. I'm told everything not on the menu is up on the wall. You could try going through the yelp photos and try some stuff if you haven't been here.. . This place is pretty well known since I've ONLY just been here (1st time). Many people like Honey Toast, but I feel like it's been so hyped up that it tastes like nothing special to me. I wouldn't ever order that on my own.. . However, I am interested in trying their various other stuff -- which would take forever since they have so many menu items. Slowly, maybe I will :b. Since their last call is at 3am, it'll be very convenient for me to drop by here when much of everything else is closed.. . Also, I had good service so that's ALWAYS a plus for me. If I had any questions, I felt comfortable asking the waitress since she seemed friendly.. . Finally, in terms of what I actually ordered.. I tried the Yellowtail Tartar, but I wouldn't order it again. There's 4 pieces and it reminds you of mini tacos. Coming here, I wouldn't recommend you trying that. And because I was still hungry after that, I grabbed a roll of spicy tuna before they closed, but that's a fairly known sushi item so no need to elaborate.
*4 stars* for their beef bowl and honey toast =)  ++ they're open late.  i like to think of this place as a japanese tapas bar =)
It's one of the best Japanese places I've been and it's always busy when I go. Have to get their fried gizzards and tofu!
Like I said, I'm a fan of izakaya's - heard a lot of great things about Ichiza and since I frequent a few places back in LA, I had to try Ichiza. It reminds me a lot of the places I usually go to and the food is very similar - small portions to share that are very good. I've tried the agedashi tofu, the beef bowl, the butter clams, the chicken gizzard with garlic, takoyaki, and more. Needless to say, it is all very good! The yakitori is also pretty good, but they don't have the selection as some of the other places that I've been in LA (Shin Sen Gumi, Honda-Ya). They do have a good beer and sake selection so a great place to come drink. And of course if you have enough room for dessert, you have to get the honey butter toast.
Went here on a Tuesday evening to grab a beer and share some small plates with a new friend in town.  No trouble finding seating although I can imagine this could be a popular spot for late night munchies closer to the weekend.  Perfect place for a casual post-work meetup with the bros although not necessarily ideal to impress someone on a first date (I've heard Raku would be more optimal).  A bit surprised a fair amount of dishes were already sold out (roasted quail eggs on skewers, eel chirashi bowl, and fatty tuna roll) since we arrived around 7ish.  . . Being an izakaya or Japanese pub, we figured it would be best to go with the warm offerings rather than sushi.  Besides, beer always goes well with grilled/fried food with bold flavors.  . . Beef tongue on skewers:  flame broiled to perfection with that elusive texture that can often be missed when preparing beef tongue (overdone= rubbery, underdone= gummy)  I appreciated the fresh application of salt after grilling and add a dash of fresh lemon juice = party in one's mouth.. . Chicken meatball skewers= I may have had overhyped expectations since I saw a food network episode raving about some Japanese spot in new york with mindblowing chicken meatballs, but this one left something to be desired. . Agedashi Tofu- very well balanced flavors and beautiful presentation, nice intermission between the other heavy hitters. . Garlic chicken gizzards with green beans-  this dish was destined to be paired with an ice cold beer, nice playful juxtaposition of crunchy and chewy. . Takoyaki- this is like a Japanese hush puppy with a hidden surprise of tender squid and topped with shredded dry seaweed and drizzled with a savory barbeque-like sauce...what's not to love?. . So much terrain that remains to be uncovered including the bacon-wrapped mochi and the honey toast, so expect multiple installments to follow.
Went there last night to have dinner with a group of 5 friends. After trying Kyara. I am in love with Japanese tapas. We made a reservation for 7 pm and didn't have to wait at all when we walked in. I noticed there was a line waiting for tables though if you didn't have a reservation. The service is pretty fast and the food were pretty good. We ordered about 6-7 dishes from the menu and after that we figured there were a lot more different dishes written on the papers on the wall! It's impossible to try everything they offered, but the most memorable dish was the Honey Toast dessert. It was absolutely amazing! It'd be great if they offer 2 scoop of ice cream instead of one. Definitely a must go japanese tapas place if you are in town.
Great Japanese food with a twist.. . Things to try:. baby bok choy - I only ordered this because I need some sort of veggies in my meal, but I was really impressed!  It looks to be in a clear broth, but it is surprisingly very flavorful.  I think it's the black pepper?  Very good.. . Red snapper capriccio - zesty and fresh. Bite into it with the salmon fish roe - orgasmic.. . Tuna tar tar - not what you'd usually get at other restaurants.  It's served with fried wonton and rice.  . . Honey toast - great to share. I'm a big fan of honey, so I thought it was delicious, but if you're not.. it's really nothing that special.. . Things to skip:. . beef tataki - bland and flavorless.
I was visiting a friend for a day this past weekend out in Las Vegas and for a late dinner, we ended up going to Ichiza based on a another friend's recommendation. Good recommendation indeed. We didn't have to wait too long since there were a lot of seats available...although we were seated at the bar. The restaurant has placards of the items found on the menu all around the restaurant in Kanji characters as well as in english with Japanese pop music playing in the background. Very casual fun environment.. . I ordered the tuna tataki, agedashi tofu and one of the specials (beef fried rice) since they didn't have the Hamachi Kama (which was highly recommended). The tuna tataki wasn't anything too grand, but it was still good. The agedashi tofu, a favorite appetizer of mine at Japanese restaurant establishments, was good. I have a preference where the outside is little bit more on the crispy/crunchy side, but I guess most places do theirs differently. My friend ordered the fried chicken, not quite chicken karaage, but more-so a deep frind version. Chicken was very good. Altogether, dinner was good. I'm wondering if there was a hint of MSG in their food, though. Should've checked the signs or the menu. Lol. . We skipped dessert even though I really wanted to try the Honey Toast. I was just too exhausted to eat anymore. Next time, I'm getting that Hamachi Kama and the Honey Toast!
This place is pretty good. Along the same quality...hmmm...maybe in between tokuri tei and imanas tei. 4 stars for it being this good and in las vegas....be wary of the sushi tho, i dont think las vegas gets the good stuff? evrytime i try chutoro in the mainland I am absolutely appalled at what they call chutoro, but I may be spoiled by japan. I think what they consider chu and what america calls chu is chu different. ha ha bad joke!
Really good food. Love the honey toast, it's soo delicious! This place sucks at groups though. Do not expect to be able to split checks. Also, be wary of people trying to sober up here. I love this place cause it's open late night and gyudon always hits the spot!
Very authentic. Price was amazing. I got ramen which was ehh, but I think the other more authentic/eccentric Japanese food is probably better. Service was almost nonexistent though.
We made reservations so did not have to wait for a table, although they put us at a big table, then asked us to move after we received our drinks to a smaller table to accommodate a larger party.. . Liked:. - any thing yakitori (chicken meatballs, chicken gizzards, okra). - kim chi fried rice. - gyoza (potstickers). - agedashi tofu. - yellow tail tar tar. - pork belly. . So-so. - service; you have to flag people down a lot. - having to walk around to place to see all of the items on the wall. - udon. . Overall, very good izakaya place and worth the drive off the strip to try it our something more authentic. I'll be back to try some items I did not get to.
YellowTail Tartar on toast crackers! Awesome. Peppery egg drop soup-good & Avg. But good Spyder Roll
This is the place where you go to get the exotic in las vegas.  I ate raw octopus,chicken gizzards, beef tongue, pork liver, blackend cod, bacon wrapped asparagus, WOW everything  was intresting and amazing. Def will be back. The atmosphere and the food was a treat.
A bit hot and stuffy , wish their AC was better. Food was good the stir fried rice was my favorite , as well as their beef tongue and other meats . Service was very nice and friendly , old man is very nice everytime I come here . Everything on their menu is very yummy .
It's a great little place in LV Chinatown. It's a little difficult to read the menu on the wall without appearing to be staring at the people sitting there. I thought the gizzards were great. There was a sauteed mushroom dish that was also delicious.
I hit this place up at least once a week. ( I think I'm addicted to China town ) The service is very friendly and the interior is very "ethnic" with things written in Japanese???? on the menus on the wall, the 2 traditional tables to take your shoes off and the eat at. I get the DX Ramen when I go which is in a huge bowl, which is what this hungry boy likes. The thing I dislike is cramped eating space. I ride a motorcycle and I have to put my helmet back next to the bathroom on a ledge full of random stuff that they needed to put somewhere and that was the place...along with my helmet. All in all, it's not bad food and they now have menu's since I guess Ashley B. said they once didn't.
Oishii! I love this place.  From the hand scribbled menu items around the walls, to the bench-like seating.  I felt like I was at a one of my favorite spots in Hawaii.  The food selection has endless - and everything was quite tasty - from the typical fare, to the creative specials.  Prices were very reasonable - and the service was status quo for a busy place like this.  Thanks to my buddy and his wife for introducing me to this place!
This place has a great atmosphere, sit in the back where you take your shoes off and have a good view of the kitchen. Went there on a busy night  and the place was buzzing with people and conversation, you kind of forget you are in LV. Basically everything on the menu is written on paper all over the walls, we just started ordering what sounded good and if we found something else later, we just ordered that too. The ramen is amazing! Also the jalapeno fried rice, beef tar tar, and pot stickers, among everything else, are very good. This is a great place to hang out and graze for a while. The only problem I had was we kept losing our waitress and ended up having two or three other girls serve us, not a huge deal but made it a little confusing for the other servers. The honey toast was not as wonderful as I expected, but still good.
Wagyu Garlic Fried Rice, Hamachi Tartare, Kaki Fry and Honey Toast are musts haves!
Udon is one of the best I had.   It was busy nite and wait was long.  Place was packed and only had limited seating.  This place felt like I was in the middle of Tokyo.  This place was packed with mid 20s and few over ..   lots of well dressed ladies too.   must be the place that hops around this area.. . Finnally got the seating for two at the sushi bar at the corner.   Ordered bunch of stuff not knowing what they are going to taste... . 1.  fried baby octopus -  5 star. 2.  pike mackeral - 4. 3.  udon - 5  .. the broth and noodles were perfect. 4.  spicy rolls.  4. . Over all, I get the feeling that most items are around $5 but when you start ordering this and that, final bill will be $20 - $30 range.  At least, you get to eat lots of different items and perfect portion to share with others.  Had Ichiban on tab.  Hooray!
This is the fourth or fifth time I have been to Ichiza in the past two years.  The service, menu, and flavor have been consistent throughout, good for a busy place.  . . Some stuff I tried:. Black cod in miso - normally very well cooked, slightly crisp on the skin side with the fish still soft and buttery.. Grilled gobo wrapped in bacon - the gobo can be a bit soft but normally, it has good texture and the bacon does not overpower the earthyness of the burdock root.. Oyster mushroom stalk wrapped in chicken skin - can be a textural challenge.  If they are not cooked long enough, the mushrooms can have too much water and they still have a slippery texture.  . Red snapper carpaccio - this dish had a lot of flavors that masked the flavor of the fish.  A decent sized piece of fish each served on a slice of lemon, with shaved daikon radish topped with kewpie(?), a few ikura eggs, and chives with a ponzu sauce.. Waygu Beef carpaccio - nice flavor, served thin with cracked pepper, sliced white onion, chives, ponzu sauce and a few garlic chips.  Probably one of the best dishes I have had at Ichiza.
Killer spot for sushi and small bites!  Beef tongue is so tender, quail eggs are insanely good!  I always enjoy their specials a favorite was the BBQ Pork!
Oh Ichiza, how we missed your extensive and affordable menu and how we missed your honey toast.  Such a simple item that  we thought would be easily found in California or even replicated at home, but we were wrong.  . . Raku may have the new title as the best Japanese restaurant in Vegas but you are still one of the top izakayas around and your extensive hours make you a winner. . . Oh and you even accept Amex.  So cool.
had a new item called tofu yum kum (feel like a dumbass saying it out loud); kinda like tom yum soup cuz it's really sour, had agadeshi tofu and shrimp in there which is good; it's kind of a mix between japanese and thai.  give it a go if you feel like you tried everything on the wall and on the menu.
If I can take the chefs of Ichiza and open a new and bigger restaurant with trained servers, hostesses, etc... I would probably have one of the best Asian restaurants in all of Las Vegas. . . The issue with Asian restaurants in general is the poor service. It can really put a damper in your dining experience. Instead of hiring experienced waitresses who can clearly understand what you're saying and be attentive throughout the meal, many Asian joints hire their nieces and/or other family members, or perhaps even random attractive Asian girls. . . Let's just say, Ichiza... you have phenomenal Japanese food. Authentic and not overpriced, with an extensive variety offered all over the walls and on the menu. Your ramen is definitely better than Monta's (at least that's my opinion). I will always crave your curry udon, pork and onion skewers, fresh oysters, and pretty much everything else offered in that tiny space of a restaurant ;)   But please, please, please work on the service aspect! . . On the several occasions I've been to this restaurant, my group and I waited about 15+ min to be approached after seating. We watch hungry and thirsty as the 2 or 3 waitresses on duty walk by, bus tables, stare at other tables, giggle in the back, or just plain stand around. We usually have to flag someone down to inform her that we're ready to order and once we do, we feel rushed and it is rather difficult to communicate half the time. The food takes a little longer than the average Asian restaurant, which is ok... but once it's out, don't expect to see your waitress again. Or.. you will see her walking around, but she won't acknowledge your existence. Good luck on refills! . . Last night was a prime example. We had 4 of us in the group. We finally ordered our dishes, they came out after some time, then we had a 5th join us. Long story short, he did not have a chance to order anything at all, not even a glass of water. . . Needless to say, this place has fabulous food, and it's adorable on the inside... very Japanese :). Workers are polite but lack any restaurant experience. I was torn between giving it 3 or 4 stars strictly due to service! I sure hope that aspect improves because then it would certainly be a 5 star experience all around!
Amazingly fresh slices of raw fish can be found here. The menu is very disorganized though, because you have options written on pieces of paper that is plastered all over the wall. There were so many choices, but it was hard to zone in all of them, and I felt like missed out on some of the really good eats. I came here for a snack, and was craving for oysters. My sister and I ordered a dozen oysters, and even said to the waitress, we were looking for some fresh oysters and she said they were from Washington. With this said...we assumed they were regular small oysters, but she came out with those huge oysters...and I can't believe we ate them all, because we didn't want them to go to waste. Then we got really sick afterwards. . . It was still good, but just know what you are ordering when you are here, because the staff is not the most helpful.
My husband and I had the oysters saigon style, they were seared on both sides, they were very fresh! We also had the agedashi tofu this was very good in deed! It was swimming in a very tasty dashi broth. We also had the fried chicken it was crispy good.  . . The beef curry was very different, don't what was the deal, my hubby described it as " kinda sweet?". . Service a little slow. I don't know if it's on my return list!
If you ever head to Las Vegas and feel the urge to splurge your appetite on a major carb load without the fancy shmancy Vegas prices and touristy crowd, this place is perfect! My 4 stars are actually just dedicated to the burnt honey toast on their menu. It lacks the last star because of the size of the place, but you can't hate them because they do seat you anywhere possible, any moment it's available. My friends and I shared a long table with a single person and a large group.... all of whom ordered different stuff that we can browse at, and all the food looked delish!. . I ordered their Shoyu Ramen, which was a perfect size for me.... not too much, too little, definitely enough to leave room for the Burnt Honey toast -- which, by the way, feeds up to 4 people so don't order your own unless you're apart of some Amazing race. And my friends and I also ordered a bunch of small plates: which was nice because we all got to share. . . In all, it's always a good experience to dive in the Burnt Honey Toast, I can't find any in the Bay, so that's why I highly praise it. The service is so-so.... it really trickles down to how many large groups there are..... don't go with a large group, for that size of place.... it's selfish! . . Anyway, Burnt honey toast...go!
Not bad but can get a little crowded because the restaurant is fairly small and the place is popular. . . I liked the honey-toast dessert but you definitely need I would say at least 3 people to finish it otherwise it's just too much sugar for 1-2 people in my opinion. =_
Food is good, all different kind of small dishes to try but it adds up on the bill. Had to order a lot of things to get full. Service was pretty fast. It would be nice if they have more pictures of the food. Not everyone can read Japanese on the wall. =\
Delicious Japanese food. I made the mistake of calling this a sushi place. Apparently  there's "no sushi". Only rolls and sashimi, and other traditional Japanese dishes. It's a small menu, but you still can make some rolls to order. Also, you may notice that there is no menu to view online, and they don't give out take out menus. I looked for an online menu in vain, so I just went to the restaurant and ordered there. It was obvious that they'd rather have you eat in than take out, but they did accommodate me.
Late-night, Japanese izakaya at its finest. This place has been around for a while but has managed to remain hip and relevant for locals. . . Ichiza is pretty small but not too jam-packed. Food prices are fair, and the menu feels a bit more authentic with all the extra off-the-menu items taped on the walls. . . So far, haven't had anything that particularly stood out as amazing - that's why I'm giving them four stars. Though the atmosphere contributes to most of my good feelings for this place.
We came here at 2:30 am and this place was packed. The waitress was kinda rushed us to order cuz last call for the kitchen is at 3 am even they close at 4am. . . This is what we ordered:  fresh uni in ponzu sauce, beef tataki, fried baby octopus, red snapper carpaccio, tofu salad and one yellow tail dish that I forgot the name.. .  All the food was good, the portion is big. This restaurant reminds me of Guu in Vancouver. They have similar food w/ open kitchen but Guu is a little bit more expensive.. . I would definitely come here again if I go to Vegas.
I am a huge fan of this place. It is really unique. Not your typical Japanese restaurant. All the staff is extra friendly and the food is not just Teriyaki this or sushi roll that. If you really want sushi go to one of the many AYCE sushi joints in town. When you first enter you know you are somewhere special. Even looking at the menu will make you think what the hell should I order.  We usually order something with 8 legs and something different cause there is always something different. I wish i could go more often. Have fun with a new experience. I would tell you of all the different things I ate but I think you should have the adventure of your own.
Two words: honey toast. *o*. . It was almost closing time around 1am when I came with friends to get some honey toast. When the toast arrived at the table, I was shocked at how ginormous it was!. . I figured the honey toast would be the size of the brick toast at Guppy, but it's way better! The ice cream on top just wowed me.. . I split this with three other people and my portion was more than enough. I savored every single bite. I evened out the ice cream and honey throughout the toast and every single bite was heaven.. . The toast came out to me around $8, a little pricey in my opinion, but definitely good. I  didn't get a chance to order food here so I'm not sure what everything else tastes like.. . The service was definitely good. They were patient and friendly even around closing time.
Excellent food &  ok service. Dinner time is normally packed, call for reservations, suggested. Parking is a problem as the location is overwhelmed with other restaurants. Fun place to try lots of different dishes. Most, if not all dishes are very tasty and different, only exception was the whole fried shrimps, too salty.  yellowtail collar was the best choice (runs out quickly)...Open late...till 4am, so after a night of winning $$, it's a great way to end the night.
Essentially everything is good here. I love to just walk around the restaurant when I getthere and point at some of the signs on the wall when I order.  It's a great place to try new dishes. Ignore the tiny printed menu they hand you.  Try some new way of preparing your favorite fish. You may not be able to read everything on the signs but you can at least recognize the name of your favorite fish. The prices are very reasonable as well for the type of cuisine you're buying.  I just wish the place were open for lunch.  If you like fresh fish and are open to trying new dishes, ie. going beyond the usual sticky sweet rolls, this is the place for you.  And the excellent sake and beer selection don't hurt either.
I go here mostly for the izakaya feel and less for the food.  I used to frequent izakayas on a weekly basis when I lived in Japan and sometimes I just want to feel nostalgic so I swing by Ichiza. . . The food is about as good as an average run of the mill izakaya found anywhere in Japan.  I have a feeling most of the 5 star reviews on here are coming from people who have never ate at a finer izakaya in Japan.  The selection could be a bit better, I would prefer an all Japanese kitchen staff, though their wait staff is all Japanese.  . . So for the food, 3 stars.. . For the kind and welcoming staff, 5 stars.  Ambiance and izakaya feel get 4 stars.. . Don't come here expecting an amazing Japanese food adventure.  Come here with friends expecting some cold beer, lively chatter, and friendly service!
Great late night eat! Buta kimchee and the curry are only a couple of the good eats there.  It's pretty much always packed so either make a reservation or be prepared to wait because it's not a very big restaurant.  The workers are all very friendly and always smiling.  I ordered a bottle of kirin once and it wasn't very cold (they probably just stocked it in the fridge) but other than that, they'll be seeing me again!
Ichiza has some pretty solid izakaya just off the strip in the Chinatown area.  The seared beef and albacore salad has a fresh crunch and the meats are seared perfectly.  The beef tataki is quite plate licking good.  . . The pork belly melts on your tongue as does the uni which is quite fresh.  The skewers are not to be missed.  . . The service is quite attentive and even better when you have Japanese speaking friends with you.  It can be quite a wait during peak hours and on weeks there are events in Vegas.  . . Ichiza is a great place to grab a beer and a bunch of Japanese tapas.  Come hungry and leave happy without breaking the bank!
Yes, we have returned!!!!!! Yippeeeee. This place still surprises and shocks me! Food is excellent!  We had 23 different items, All were fantastic with only one exception (beef liver skewers were unevenly cooked). The yellowtail appetizer on Gyoza skins were awesome as we're uni ponzu served in a lemon. . One note: uncertain what the hype over the honey toast is as its not really that great. Overall, still an awesome gem in the china town part of sin city!
Some friends visiting suggested checking out Ichiza for some sushi. They checked out menu before hand make sure had stuff for five year old girl. It was the first time for me and all of us. I knew going in that everything was small portion a la carte style. Honestly not use too that style but always good too mix things up in life. Lol!. . They have just about everything you can imagine on the menu. Not even including the menu items that posted all around the walls even above the sushi bar. So little bit overload the first time looking at the menu then checking out the wall (some of the items has pictures of the item). We ordered few things off the menu and item off the wall. . . The beef tongue was excellent, kim chee fried rice was good, the sashimi plate (they offered two different types) awesome (tuna, hamachi. mackerel), me the star was the beef tataki with ponzu sauce (raw beef thinly cut mixed with the ponzu dipping sauce, I could have order ten of those be content and happy), interesting things with mochi wrapped with bacon, and pork butt dish. . . Talk about small place holds less then hundred people so you need some patience depending on time and day of week. They do take reservations two hours only two hours before if want or walk in hopefully not long wait. We waited maybe half hour not too bad. The parking not much around the building since lots of business in the same building. I had too park at regular Chinatown.. . I had great experience and look forward too my next visit.
mmmM but they didn't have a lot of items that i saw on yelp. :(
When I go to Las Vegas,I eat there every single day.  Ichiza is really like authentic Japansese Izakaya style.  They have so many different dishes as like I went back to my home town Japan.  They have so many selection of drinks.  My favorite one is fresh grapefruit shochu which served literally half cut grapefruit and squeezer side of shochu.  Squeez it ourself.  I thoght it was unique. Stuff there were very friendly and nice.  Food was excellent. The only con is so far distant and they are so good therefore waiting line is at least 30 mins.  If I lived in Las vegas,I will go there very often.
Loved this joint (Note #1: go early or be prepared to wait a bit).. . Great Japanese food (Note #2: not your standard teriyaki, blah blah blah).  They may have the standards but we were interested in the other more unique and cool foods, (they have plenty of adventurous choices, too). . . Service: the guy at the front (owner?) was a bit cool at first, but he warmed up and took good care of us. He could see we were serious because we had been waiting a while and so he gave us one of the reserved tables when that party hadn't shown up 15 minutes past their reservation.. . Servers were a little brusque, but not inattentive (BTW, I don't dock stars for this. At some joints I don't expect them to kiss my ass. This place takes its good food seriously and the servers and kitchen staff are just zipping around trying to get as much of it to you as possible.). . Food: we had the beef tataki--very good. I could've eaten three of these. Tuna Poki special was reallllllly good. We ordered another one of these. (Note #3: dishes are small--think tapas-sized--but this is good y'all. You get to try more things!) I also liked the snapper carpaccio.. . If I had this joint in my hometown, I'd be there once a week until I had tried most everything on the menu. . . One more thing: this place, like a lot of good places, doesn't look like much from the outside. It's upstairs at a pretty average-looking Chinatown strip mall. Don't let that stop you.
Ichiza, hope its just not me but everything I've heard about Ichiza I just can't agree with. You either absolutely love it or you just hate it. I wouldn't say I hated this place more on the side of I expected more from a place so hyped. Obviously this place is over hyped. . . Japanese Dishes: 3/5 I ordered a Gyu don (beef bowl $5.50) I love Japanese beef bowls with a side of Mapo Tofu (spicy tofu $4.15). I wasn't too impressed by their recipe. Most mapo Tofu's I've tried are spicy and the sauce is a bit thick but at ichiza I felt it was really bland and soupy. The Gyu don tasted like a beef bowl, not a Japanese beef bowl it didn't taste authentic, I also felt like something was missing. The portions were also pretty small. . . Sushi: 4/5 After reading a few reviews I thought I'd try the deep fried California roll. I'm not much of a roll person or a deep fried person and California rolls aren't even sushi. BUT it was actually pretty good, I also ordered the Dragon roll which was OVER SAUCED. Its suppose to be eel,cucumbers, and avocado drizzled with eel sauce for a bit of color and flavor, but I think they went sauce happy on my roll. . . Alcohol: 5/5 The famous sake bombs at Ichiza, I suggest don't come here if its a date or a small group. Ichiza is known for big groups of drunks at their low tables slamming on the table doing sake bombs all night long!. . Seating: 4/5 I like Ichiza's Japanese style ambiance. You can get seated around the bar (which doesn't give you much elbow room next to the person beside you) or at their tables. I love their low Japanese tables its something you have to try at least once. . . Wait: 3/5 The wait here can be pretty long up to 45 min depending on the time and day you you. On the weekends I know this place gets pretty busy and it's small so seating is limited. Expect a wait.
my most favorite Japanese tapas bar
Amazing and authentic Japanese food! Came here late night on a Monday.  It was close to 1am and the place was packed, there's wasnt an empty table anywhere.  Only a handful of customers weren't Asian.  The waitress was super friendly and very helpful. I got the eel with cucumber, a friend's recommendation, and it was soo good!  I also got sushi, it was shrimp and topped with a delicious piece of tuna.  Loved it!  I also enjoyed the DIY drink.  The sell Shochu, tastes kind of like vodka, very mild flavor. They serve it with club soda and your choice of fruit (or plain on the rocks).  I ordered it with grapefruit and they brought me half of a fresh grapefruit and a manual glass juicer and a shot of simple syrup. And voila, you make your own drink!  Will definitely came again next time I'm in Vegas!
pleasant surprise in Las Vegas Chinatown.. the garlic steamed clams were yum.. the oysters (2 per order) were yum.  they are big but the sauce they put on it had a nice kick to it.. i liked the flavor of the kimchi fried rice but not the kimchi inside it.. the yellow tail tartar was a tad to mayo-y for me.  it comes on chips and is mixed with mayo and avocado chunks with a bed of rice.  . the price wasn't that bad either.. there was a wait of 20 minutes at 9pm on a monday.
Great spot to eat late!  . . Very good, authentic eats at a decent price.... . The ramen is good, but not my favorite.  However, the little extras we ordered such as the grilled whole mackrel and garlic veggies etc are awesome and very flavorful.  Try the crab fried rice too!. . I've tried the sushi here and it was ok....but I would recommend many other sushi spots if you are craving that.  Otherwise, give it a go!
The food is good and varied enough that there is something for everyone here.  Don't limit your selections to the menu in hand, read the walls.  That's where all the new and interesting stuff is.  . . The serversdon't speak english, which creates a sense of authenticity...and tons of problems.  We have been there dozens of times, and they have never brought our entire order.  They never charge us for the food they miss, but it's a bit of a joke at this point.  . . Food hightlights:  shisyamo (regular and sun dried), beef tongue and chicken skewers (but sometimes they burn it and serve it anyway), ramen dx, and honey toast (takes 20 minutes, but worth the wait).
We ate here because our friend has a 10%off card, the portions are small, but the food was good, so for cost in respect to portion, I would say this place is a bit pricy. I've eaten here a past couple of times, and so far everything I tried was good, only down side though was that it was hard to understand and visualize the many because they have a lot of items I am not familiar with and some descriptions are not too well put, and of course I can't remember what we had the last time. I think they just need to improve their menus. Overall this is a pretty popular place and it is always packed, so be prepared to wait a bit for a seat especially if it is peak times.
One of the things that always strikes me about Japanese restaurants is how "americanized" they tend to be. This is not so at Ichiza, which is probably my favourite place to eat in Las Vegas.  It's an izakaya so forget the menu and order off the wall. That's where all the good stuff is anyway including the "Eel Kaarage tempura roll" (or as I like to call it: the best thing that I have eaten in my entire life). You won't find any "all you can eat" sushihere but if you're looking for good, authentic Japanese fare, this is definitely the place to go. . . Only con: Be prepared to wait for a long time to get in, especially if you're going during meal times. It's worth it though.
The food at Ichiza is great! I went on a Friday night and it was so crowded that we had to share a table with two other random groups. That was a unique experience in itself. Like mentioned in some of the other reviews, the menu is displayed across the walls creating a unique style for the restaurant. . . What we ordered: . . Appetizer:. . -Beef tataki is very very rare beef , soaked in ponzu sauce ( a tangy, citrus-based sauce). This is definitely a dish you want to try if you like being adventurous or enjoy trying unique foods. The dish is served cold and has a lot of citrus flavor. This is definitely one of the best ways to prepare beef and is a must try.. . Main Dishes:. . - The Udon was good, but wasn't anything particularly special. It came with egg and shiitake mushroom. I recommend getting this if you don't feel like experimenting with any other foods. It's guaranteed to be good.. . -Black cod in miso (butterfish) wasn't my favorite, but if you are a fan of it, you might enjoy it. It doesn't come with rice or anything else, so if you are hoping to eat it with some rice, you might need to order that separately. It is a little salty, so be prepared.. . Dessert:. . - Coffee Jello. This was a unique and delicious dessert unlike any I have tried before. The jello is served with a small amount of coffee to heighten the coffee taste and make more of an impact when you take your first bite. It is served with a thick whipped cream that tastes like it has to be homemade. Everything about this dessert is amazing, so definitely give it a try if you're a coffee lover.. . -Honey toast. The honey toast was definitely the highlight of the meal. Not only is the portion huge (prepare to share unless you're really hungry!), but it is addicting! The combination of honey and vanilla ice cream is definitely a match made in heaven. The outside of the toast is cooked perfectly to add a little crunch to the soft center. It is roughly $8, but worth every penny in my opinion. . . Overall I had a great experience at Ichiza and plan on going back there soon.
So I was here on a business trip and the regional team in Vegas asked me what I wanted to eat.  . . Vegas buffets were out since I'm trying not to eat my weight in food and all I really wanted was some yummy sushi.  So while they briefly considered taking me to a sushi buffet where I could also eat my weight in food, I'm glad they decided to take me to Ichiza instead.. . Now, I was a little skeptical.  Even though I wanted sushi, sometimes I know that sushi in a landlocked state can be...questionable.  But this is Vegas, and goodness it was good!  . . SO!  Let's start off with the fish quality.  It was absolutely delectable!  I know places along the coast that don't have fish as fresh as Ichiza.  The sashimi was delicious and the couple of sushi rolls that we did have were creative and had great flavor.  I'm not sure what the name of the roll we got was, but it was on the wall.  It was something with eel and a fried sweet potato and a California roll.  Sounds a bit odd, but really it went together really well.  The spciy tuna roll was not particularly spicy, which is a good thing for me since I can't handle the heat.  . . We also got the shrimp fried rice and that stuff is addicting.  I mean, I was trying to stay away from it but I kept winding up with more on my plate.  . . The beef tataki in ponzu sauce was great as well, but not exciting enough to write home about since we have similar quality things back home.  . . This place gets packed so get there early, but when I'm in town and want sushi, I'm definitely coming back here.
This is officially my new favorite Japanese restaurant.. I came here for Girl's Day on March 3rd with my boyfriend and was taken away.. . Ambiance - I love it. Pretty traditional for a Japanese bar food place, especially with majority of the menu not being on the menu.  That is the BIGGEST thing to make a note of.  My boyfriend and I looked at the menu and ordered stuff, but after ordering we noticed a whole bunch of other things posted on the walls.. . Food - Great grilled food.  We had the cow tongue and pork belly and it was tasty.  You definitely tasted the natural-ness in a deep beefy flavor and the charred taste that you LOVE on grilled meat.  My boyfriend loved it!  We also had karage chicken, which was SO juicy and delicious.  I've had some crappy ones, but this one was good.  We ordered beef curry also, and my boyfriend said hands down this is the best curry he has had.  I would come here just for that.  I thought it was good, although I thought it was different for me to have mushrooms in curry.  The last thing we tried was their house ramen.  We didn't get this until we ate everything else we ordered, which kind of sucked.  The ramen was "meh" in my opinion.  Everything else overshadowed it and that is the only thing I wouldn't reorder in the future.  I definately want to try the honey toast next time and we will try to get curry katsu, grilled corn, so many other things.  Their menu is so expansive it requires multiple trips and tummies.. . Price - I didn't care too much about this and tried not to pay attention because it felt like we just kept ordering.  I would say that it was probably average priced for the quality and quantity that you get.  Even if it ended up being an arm and a leg in price I would come again.. . I definitely will be coming here again soon. Way awesome!
I love the wide variety of food items that they serve. I could be munching on some beef tongue skewers and downing some ramen, one night. Then treating myself to some really good japanese curry, the next day. Did I mention they also serve the best honey toast dessert in town? . . Oh yeah, sushi. They have that too.
I remember coming here for a dinner date and must I say, the servers were very nice, very attentive. I would definitely recommend you guys to visit this place :) The food , the service, and the workers here are great!
I was traveling for work in Vegas, and I wanted to try something different before my flight out. I found this and decided to try it. It seemed very traditional (or shoud I say authentic?). This seems like the place native japanese would go. Much of the food are items that are not part of the typical American palette. The food was good and the service was good. The biggest challenge was that it was so Japanese that it was hard to understand how and what I was ordering. It would be great to go with a translator.
The Honey Toast is to die for. Awesome sushi. The wait was horrendous. But I'll be back.
A regular spot for us, everything we ate was delicious...Seared mackerel, pressed mackerel, assorted pickles, grilled squid (grilled to perfection.) We finally saved room for dessert and we had the much vaunted honey toast. Good, but not great and a bit pricy. I don't get the hype. The coffee jello was better, to me.
best honey toast in town! love love love the short ribs!
I love this place because it feels like your really in Japan, when you get inside there are menu items posted all over the walls around, in english and in Japanese. atmosphere is great, servers are cute and friendly. most of all the food is really good.
Came here with my buddies on a trip to Vegas a couple of weeks back, this was my second time to Ichiza. Disclaimer: you're getting a white boy's take on an authentic Japanese restaurant.. . In short, the food here is great if you can figure out what you're ordering and if you're able to communicate with the waitresses just ask them to suggest some items.  This place is a refreshing change from the standard Orange County / LA County Japanese fare.  . . If you're in Vegas for the weekend, if you're tired to crappy buffets filled with overweight midwesterners, and if you don't want to overpay at one of the new overrated restaurants on the strip, this place is a great option.
Nice place to get a quick fix.  Place is always packed and seating is very tight.  Table sharing happens here.  My gf and I tried a number of different items (fried rice, skewers beef, pork, crock pot pork with egg, udon).  All very nicely done, except for the crock pot pork wit egg (very dry and expensive for one piece of pork).  Service is nice and friendly.  Place probably won't look clean to some people, but I'm fine with it. . . Parking is a pain.  Had to park in a different plaza and walk over.
I haven't been to Vegas in YEARS and this is the first place my friends took me to when I arrived.  Let me tell you, what a welcome.. . The restaurant itself is cute, typical Japanese looking restaurants reminds me alot of GUU Garlic in Vancover and smaller places in NYC.. . Since we were visitors, our friends took care of the ordering.  These are all tapas style, so it's a great spot to drink and munch.. . 1) Beef Tongue Skewers -  this was good very tender.. . 2) Fried Oysters - they were kind of big, I think I would've preferred raw oysters over these, they were only okay.. . 3)  Garlic Chicken Gizzards - Normally I am not a fan of this, but this was actually very tasty - they were chopped up pretty fine so it wasn't as chewy than the normal that I am use to.. . 4)  Bacon Wrapped Mochii - well this was kind of interesting.  Cant say that I loved it.  It is what it sounds, bacon wrapped in mochi - it was a bacon wrapped in chewy dough. . . 5).  Buttered Corn - served on top of wonton chips, this next to the honey toast was my favorite.. . I think we might have had another chicken skewer - but wasn't sure what it was called, beef tongue was defintely better.. . To finish off of course we had the Honey Toast.  Never had anything like this before and wish I can learn how to make this on my own.  It was sweet, cinnamon, and topped off with ice cream.  Defnitely a must order.
HONEY TOAST!!!  Its plain and delish!  It had been 3 yrs since I last had one here and was eager to stuff my face with some yummy goodness.. . But first we decided to get a little bit of good in the tummy.  It was 11pm when we got here so we tried to keep it light.. . Wasabi Ika (squid) ~ it was fresh squid in a wasabi sauce garnished with pickled daikon.  It was very refreshing!. . Agedashi tofu ~ I luv this dish and luv making it at home!. . Ika butter ~ Sauteed squid in butter and onions.. . Asparagus bacon and Gizzards (sunagimo) ~ Two yakitori that I often get when its available.. . Okra Natto ~ 2 of myfave slimy food hell yeah!!!. . Sake flight ~ From Ginjo, Junmai, Daiginjo all were pretty good tasting. . . Honey Toast ~ Hmm what can I say...... Its damn good so you have to try it.  Toast, Honey and Ice Cream!  Yum Yum!. . This place is way off the strip but worth going to to.  Its open late so you can get some good grub here!  I still like the izakaya in my hood but this place is a good spot in sin city!. . Eyes ~ My eyes are on the Honey toast!. Nose ~ I smell yummyness!. Ear ~ Its a late night but still pretty busy and lively!. Mouth ~ Everything is tasty but I want some honey!. Tummy ~ Ahhh finally some honey toast!
I really enjoyed this place. It's a little off the strip, but pretty close. We had several appetizers, all of which were great. Beef carpaccio, agedashi tofu, and a couple of sushi items I remember distinctly but do not know the name of - they were all delicious.. . I had spicy ramen noodles, which were also pretty good. My friend got a big plate of sashimi. I had a piece, and it was fantastic. Also tried another friend's kimchee fried rice, which I enjoyed. Service was decent, although they confiscated two boba teas from our party until the end of the meal. I hate it when places have silly policies like that.
As long as your not trying to go at prime time during the weekend, your fine. Beware, this place gets packed during peak hours. . . Def get the takoyaki, yellowtail tar tar, butter fish and eel fried rice! Just thinking about it is making me droooool
The first thing you have to know about Ichiza is that most of the good stuff is NOT on the menu.  Rather, the majority of menu items are posted on little sheets of paper filling all 4 walls.  And unfortunately, the wait staff is often so busy that they don't have much time to explain what half of these items are.  Fortunately, regular customers will!  Taking the advice of our next-door table, we had a great meal.  Just wish we had been able to come back to try a few more items.. . The food is very Japanese in that while it has a lot of traditional dishes like Oyakodon, it also has some very interesting Japanese takes on american foods. We didn't go too adventurous this time (we'll have to do that when we go back) and got the following. Ika Rings. Pork fried Udon. Spicy Tuna Roll. and a few other items I'm forgetting now.. . However, the dish that made our meal was the Honey Toast, which they should really call the "Honey Loaf".  It's seriously half a loaf of bread toasted (the insides are amazingly fresh and doughy) covered with a large scoop of vanilla ice cream and a healthy layer of honey. Perfection.. God damn it's good. Thankfully my wife was nearly full so I got to have some of her half as well.
This place is good for the atmosphere. The food is okay. Nothing particularly stands out food wise except their honey toast.
I adore Ichiza.  I know this is as close to eating in Tokyo as I am going to get!  Our family eats a lot of Asian and we have never been disappointed in our meal here.  It is always an adventure.  To me, the salmon fried  rice seemed the Japanese equivilent to Jewish matzo ball soup.  It just has a comforting feel about it.  Be warned, get there early or make a reservation for not sooner than two hours before you want to eat.  This place gets jammed.
Late night Japan Izakaya place open until 4am. Perfect late night eats for Japanese bar food, have an impressive variety of assorted tapas and typical Japanese food (sushi rolls, sashimi, donburi bowls).  The food is well made and seems to be constantly changing, an extensive variety of "chef specials" are hung on the walls.  Good service from the waitresses, came in about 2:30am and was greeted with fresh enthusiasm and seated quickly.  Food hits the spot, which isn't too difficult, but it gave my tastebuds a happy dance.  Will come back to try some more of the extensive specials.
Explore the menu, but my favorites were the seared scallop rock roll and the sea urchin and squid roll.  Also, the sashimi was excellent.
I was really drunk and it was really good!!
This is definitely one of the late night places I love go to after a long night of shenanigans.  Expect it to be packed, especially if you're coming in for dinner or even way past dinner.  They're usually open until 3am(?).  Here are some favorites:. . -Seafood quesadilla (you can ask for half orders). -Black Cod. -Tofu Steak. -Tuna Tartar . -Kimchi Fried Rice. -Honey Toast. . This is the perfect place to come with friends to chuck down some beers and sake, and eat some delectable treats.
Had an opportunity to eat at Ichiza on a friday during a recent vacay in LV.  Gotta say that the food was great.  Glad we had a rez as the wait would have been pretty long.. . We ordered a bunch of different menu items, and the following stood out for me.  Please excuse me if the name of dish is not spot on.  One of my friends did the ordering.. . - pork with gobo. - baby octopus with wasabi. - yaki onigiri. - flying fish sashimi was pretty good. - tuna tartar. . plus several pitchersof cold beer.
I like Ichiza.  It's a cute place to eat.  I went there after work with a friend.  We ordered salmon skin salad, wasabi octopus, Red Snapper Carpacci, chicken gizzard skewer, and beef tongue skewer.  The wasabi octopus is raw and it gets worse tasting after a while.  I loved the beef tongue skewer.  It was warm and the outside was a bit crunchy. We also ordered the honey toast.  There was nothing special about the honey toast.  It was normal.  The honey was sweeter than normal, though.
No complaints about service so far. It's fairly easy to get their attention whenever I need it. This time, my friend and I ordered a red snapped carpaccio ($6.95), salmon skin salad ($5), wasabi octopus ($3.85), beef tongue + chicken gizzard skewers, and honey toast ($8). . . I wouldn't mind getting the red snapper carpaccio again - it was fairly good. I only got the wasabi octopus because fellow yelpers seemed to like it a lot but I was totally surprised to see it in front of me - in all its raw glory. I like the wasabi taste to it but it's the rawness that gets to me. I couldn't eat it after awhile. Must be a psychological thing but I doubt I'll be ordering it again. . . The salmon skin salad was a nice surprise. I'm not much of a cooked salmon fan (love raw salmon, though). The dressing in it was pleasantly yummy. I wish it was raw salmon, though!. . Wanted to try the honey toast with my friend and it was quite sweet with the honey but I guess it's typical? I think it's one of those things that I'll only order once in a blue moon ;b. . . I really wanna try the blue fin tuna sashimi ($13.50) next time so I'll be sure to update for that next time.
I came here with one other person who turned out to be too afraid to try anything... So I didn't get to order much. This place is tapas style so it would have been better to come in a group and order a bunch of small plates everyone could share.. . I ordered fried baby octopus which was pretty tasty, and flying fish sashimi which was a special that night. The fish was interesting, but I think I prefer traditional sashimi after trying that.. . Cool atmosphere, open really late, and seems pretty authentic. Just wish I could have tried more stuff.
Wonderful food.  Service is not consistent.  Fun.  A variety of food.  Great people watching!  However the waitresses can ignore you!  I know from sitting at the counter that the food is preparted fast, wish the waitresses could be more efficient.. Been there twice once in June and once last month.
Like many have said, the best thing about this place (besides the food of course!) is that it is open late, which makes it the perfect stop after a drive over from LA. There are a lot of options so it can accommodate everyone. We shared the half ramen, the black cod with miso, the fried chicken, the shishito peppers, and some other little bites. I liked the ramen and black cod, but probably wouldn't get the fried chicken (dry) or their yakitori again. There are so many items to try so it would be great to come with a large group to try a little bit of everything, especially since everything is served in smaller portions. The honey toast is a must so save room for dessert!
While sitting at the bar I watched one of the chefs preparing the strangest looking fish I've ever seen. It was black and slender, about 18 inches long and had what I can only describe as a long beak. The chef told me its name, but it was soon forgotten.. . Welcome to Ichiza.. . The plethora of hand written signs in Japanese (and English) fill the walls of this excellent sushi bar. This was my first stop here so I'll need to return to get the full picture, but I was impressed. One of the dishes I had was sauteed pork and kimchee and as you may or may not know I'm a purveyor of kimchee. This dish was fantastic - the pork was sauteed perfectly and the tastes of the pork, kimchee and fresh cabbage blended perfectly. I would come back here for this dish alone.. . My other dish, a Spider roll was just okay but I'll try others when I return.. . They also had a good selection of beers on tap including Kirin and Sapporo.
Our go to spot during visits to Las Vegas. Few choices on the menu as well as their "specials" that are posted on the walls. . Can get pretty busy especially late at night. Fortunately they recently started taking reservations which is a definite plus! The servers are nice, but can be a little pushy especially when there are people waiting for a table. .  Don't miss out in the miso cod, adegashi tofu, & the famous honey toast. Affordable great eats!
Long, over-due review.. . I'm not going to elaborate much about this place, but it's basically my go to spot when I'm back in town. I like the atmosphere, because it resembles a japanese pub (izakaya style). It's a chill place to have a few beers and chow down on some good japanese tapas. although it can get a bit rowdy. Some of my favorite dishes include the kimchi fried rice, tako-yaki (octopus balls), beef tartar (rare beef with onion, daikon, and ponzu sauce), kakuni (extremely tender pork belly), and the black cod (smooth as butter). Although it's not on the menu, they even make okonomiyaki (Japanese pancake) upon request. Oh, and I can't forget the Honey Toast that everyone raves about. . . They also have a lot of specials on their walls. Check them out as well!
This was a great find off the strip. . . It has awesome hours open till 3am or 4am depending on the day.  Our wait was about 15-20 minutes but I think a decent compromise for the food.  . . We will be visiting here again on our next trip that is for sure!
Stopped in for lunch and had the grilled whole squid. The tentacles were the best part with a slight char and concentrated squid flavor.  MMMM tentacles. They have a fantastic hangover dish which i forget the name of but it features a  bowl of rice in green tea broth with  your choice of salmon or salted plum. The broth and the rice will help nurse you back to health. If the broth doesn't help I'd also recommend their natto and okra dish with it's slimy texture it may be hard for some to palate but the sliminess in natto helps coat the stomach and helps with digestion and tummy issue's and the natural enzymes in okra that cause it to be slimy do that as well. The Japanese know what they are doing when they are eating slimy food. It's good for you!!. . Uni with ponzu sauce was delicious and creamy. I've never had Uni before and I think I am now a huge fan. Ichiza is fanatastic for a genuine slice of Japan in Las Vegas.
waited long time but well wort hit.i will return.
My girlfriend and I love coming to this place. It lives up to many of the reviews. We haven't had a bad experience here yet. The food tastes fresh and seasoned properly.  There is often a long wait, which should be indicative of a good business; additionally lots of japanese and other asian people eat here. Also signs of good food. . . The Tuna tartar is very good, although can be a bit hard to eat on the large chips. The beef tataki is fantastic. Soups, salads and sides are all quite tasty. Lastly they even have decent rolls and sushi. Sake and drinks can be a little pricey, but no more than any other restaurant. Oh and the honey toast is as good as just about everyone says. It was fantastic, not a negative thing to say about it. Very simple and delicious. All of the food we've had here was exceptional.. . The atmosphere is also very warm and enjoyable. Everyone seems to always have a good time. They are open late and on most holidays which is a huge bonus. My girlfriend and I enjoy coming here and will continue to do so.  Highly recommended.
This place was cool ordered off the wall like my friends told me. The food was ok but the honey cake was THE BOMB! Will probably go again but as a late night place to get some tapas.
Been bookmarked to try for ages.... . We happened to be driving by around 6pm and realized it might be early enough to snag a table without much of a wait. No such luck. A one hour estimate sent us back to the car for a power nap. When we returned, however, we found our name crossed off and that of many others. Alas, the line had moved a lot faster than their estimate (ended up to be only 20 min), so be aware, even overestimates happen. . . Along with the overwhelming menu which they said was "basic", the walls were wallpapered with handwritten flyers with various specials. It wasn't easy to see everything, and our table mates had already seemed to figure out the lay of the land (and the 'best of' yelp) so we followed suit and got a few of their best loved dishes. I would have loved to walk around and read everything.. . The grilled squid was great. It was served more or less lukewarm temperature, sliced width-wise but presented whole, in a light sauce and grated fresh ginger on the side. So tender, and the the grilled flavor nicely balanced with the others. It was also substantial, and filling. The agedashi tofu was also great. I really liked the mochi with wrapped bacon. The bacon was neither overly salty nor fatty nor chewy, just a thin non overpowering sheath on the mochi. We tried the chicken gizzard yakitori, which neither of us liked. It was chewy/gristly nondescript. We also had a sushi with fresh eel (?) on top that I liked.. . The honey toast, yeah, it's large, probably too much for two and seemed about right for the four of us. The honey soaked bread underneath the ice cream was the motherlode. I'd like to try this at home sometime. it seems simple but was really good! Definitely gotta come back and try more stuff!. . Quick Update almost one year later (12/30/13). I highly recommend reservations above any type of food recommendations here. Despite the vast experience of the gentleman at the front, his estimates are far too unpredictable. Last year he overestimated by 40 minutes on a one hour wait. Today he underestimated by 50 minutes on a 30 minute wait. However this year we had our baby with us so a major understimation ended up to be a deal breaker, which was rough since we had already waited 40 min only to be told that.
My 101 review and the first for the new year!  I love this place I love it so much I kind of hate it at the same time.  . . I do not get to come here often so it is a guilty pleasure of mine to indulge and go a bit overboard.  . 1.  Nigori, a must have in my house.  It is an unfiltered Sake' a sweet wine.  It is unfiltered it is cloudy from being unfiltered and oh so good an amazing a sweet blend with the rice and alcohol good cup of adult bliss.. 2.  Yellow Tail Tartar a good staple of this place.  Always good and consistent.. 3.  Black Cod Miso a second must have for me!  Soft buttery flavor that never quits!. 4.  Takana fried rice a 3rd must have for me.  Stir fried rice with pickledveggies =you unknowing people trust me and give it a try! . 5.  Uni!  Well, you love it or you hate it I love it here the most!. 6.  Onigiri an awesome reminder of our trip to Tokyo.  It is wrapped rice (like Sushi) only with good stuff hidden inside like pork,salmon, act.... 7.  A few random skewers like gizzard (not my fave 8/) Chicken meat balls, Mmmm.... 8.  Beef carpaccio another if I can have it I am getting it item!. 9.  We also got a special it was yellow tail, quail egg and avocado.  I theory sounds great in reality it is not.  To many flavors that blend together and mix all the same texture and nothing that gives it a pop.  In all actuality would drop a star for this one BAD dish but they don't deserve it.  Just not a WIN on my part.... . I love this place one of my favorites to take guests to while visiting.  However there is now a creepy old guy in front as mentioned before.  I believe he is running things but it makes the guests and the employees nervous I would prefer he would leave and we could go back to the money making fun from the past.. . If you are new here ask your waitresses (that is how we found a lot of out favorites and don't be afraid to try the stuff on the walls it is the best stuff!) they will help you order or look around the room and see what others are ordering and say "I want to try that, what is it?!"  We had a couple across from us and I kept hearing them say "wow, that looks good! We should just get what they get."  I felt flattered by that one.  Thanks Guys! :). . Anyways thanks for being my 101 and first for the year to make it a good one!
I've been here several times, but years ago when I was in high school. I'm 23 now lol. . It's funny because last night I went here on a whim with my boyfriend, and I kept trying to remember if I liked this place or not. The decor is the same, with it's little Tokyo bar scene. . . Surprisingly for a Wednesday, there wasn't a wait - we sat down right away at a big table, seemed a little lunch table-ish, but we were cool with it. Igot the sashimi ika, and seared tuna and tofu salad. Everything tasted fresh, which was a plus. My boyfriend got beef tongue skewers, and he enjoyed it. I also enjoyed watching my boyfriend trying to use chopsticks. . . I'd say everything ran smoothly, so I enjoyed it last night. I would come back, but I think I got lucky for the atmosphere being calm at 1 am on a Wednesday night.
A part of me has an irrational distaste for Ichiza. Maybe it is the fact that they can only seat 60 people and it causes a bottleneck at the front door. The wait times can be unreasonable, but that does not detract from the food. . . It has been almost three years since I have last had a chance to eat at Ichiza. Yet again, we came to see that they had almost been filled to capacity. 10 minutes later we were sat. Count it as a blessing if that is all you have to wait. The seats at the bar is perfect for two and would make for a great date spot. Although you might be inches away from the next patron, everyone is more wrapped up in their own conversation and lives. There is no need to feel self-conscious. . . The buta-kimchi is similar to a spicy pork dish popular in Korea. Mixed with kimchi and served on a bed of finely shredded cabbage made for a light dish. The garlic chicken gizzard is so simple and that makes it that much better. Add a squeeze of lemon and you will roll up the lettuce garnish to eat it all. Check the specials board and print out because hidden gems are bound to make an appearance. Yesterday, they had a blue fin tuna mix with micro greens on top of half an avocado. DECADENCE! They were not done yet. Add a quail egg to it and call it a day. Don't forget to save room for dessert, because everyone needs a little honey toast in their lives. So many places try to make a name for themselves off this dish, but not many can match Ichiza. I am not a huge bread person; but butter it up, douse it in honey, and top it with ice cream and even I cannot say no.
This place was interesting - it's off the strip and definitely a local's spot. It's very small; seats only up to 60 people, and is located on the 2nd floor of a strip mall. I would have given it 5 stars but the man in the front was unfriendly, for a party of two we waited for a long time, and it was inconvenient to have to look around the room for items not listed on the menu. We ordered the stir fry sliced beef, grilled squid, spinach and tuna roll, and hamachi sashimi. All tasted very good - especially the grilled squid. For dessert, we ordered the honey toast which was very yummy!! Overall, it was a good experience - reservations is highly recommended! Even for a party of one, there was a long wait (a frustrated man walked out).
Great food with so much variety.  So many items that they are also listed on the walls.  Always busy.
The ambience is cool and authentic. Food is awesome. It really feels like you're dining in the far east! You share long dining tables listening to Japanese music in the background. Menu is hand written. We ordered boiled noodles, shrimps, oysters, octopus, and grilled black cod fish and everything was out of this world. Highly recommend it if you're into Japanese and would like to taste something other than sushi.
Great place to go to have some drinks and food with a group of friends before heading out for the night. Service is mediocre and most of the menu is on the wall which was frustrating but the menu is very diverse. Really enjoyed the wagu carpaccio and the butterfish. Toro and uni were very fresh although the portions were small. One of the coolest things about this place is the fact that the pitchers of beer have a ice chamber in the center to keep your beer colder for longer! Genius!  The wait can be long so come early.
Hands down, one of my favorite lil spots. Perfect for a date, a quick bite, or all the above. Portions are perfect, and the price is good. I had the Salmon steak. Perfectly seasoned, and is good with the chili powder spice they have. Also had the albacore sushi. It was fresh, tender, and buttery on the palette. Very delectable. I personally recommend having some hot sake (especially if it's cold out), it warms your heart and compliments the meal. Service was amazing as always, but don't stifle if you have to wait for a table however. It does get busy and there's a good cause behind it.
Yup, I bookmarked this place and after a non-stop 4 hr drive from LA, we made our pitstop here.  The menu is pretty extensive and prices are definitely affordable compared to many Japanese tapas places in LA.  . . Skip the expensive meals on the strip, this place is a most try before leaving Vegas. Trust me, you won't be disappointed. =)
I really do like this place, but nothing on the menu stands out as a "must have" other than you "must" order with variety in mind, as this is where the restaurant really shines.. . They have a good sized menu, and again 'variety' is highlighted here. As others have pointed out they have a bunch of other items on the wall, but since I don't frequent here to often I find the menu and specials don't leave me wondering around for a different item to order.. . This is the kind of place where you take your friends if you plan on being loud and enjoy a good meal. We took our 8 month old with us and his new found love of yelling "Bah, bah, bah!" went unnoticed.
Came here actually after seeing some girlfriend's facebook pictures of all the awesome food here from several years ago. This review is written after 2 visits.. . First visit I came with the bf, we had a bunch of appetizers like the Takowasa (wasabi marinated raw octopus) and others and they were all fantastic. We also had the sashimi platter which was delicious. We also ordered the ramen, which weren't to our liking since we've been spoiled by all the ramen shops in SoCal but none the less was very good. Awesome izakaya atmosphere and I can see myself going there at night for a good time next time. We got the honey toast to go and ate it in the car on our drive back to LA and it was just so good.. . Came here again with friends several weeks after and we re-hashed a bunch of the appetitzers along with the beef tataki as well as the miso black cod which was so smooth and buttery, the miso added a depth to it that was super satisfying. One of us got a curry beef bowl and I heard good things about it. We again got the honey toast but this time we had it there it was every better since the toast was still warm and the crush was crunchy and so good with the honey and the ice cream... MMMMM!. . We'll be back for sure!. . =====================. 1 star - "will be telling everyone to stay away" bad. 2 stars - it's okay, i won't return. 3 stars - it's okay, i'll come back. 4 stars - it's pretty good, i'll come by again!. 5 stars - it's really good, my go-to places!
After all the expensive restaurants on the LV Strip... you forget there's good stuff for MUCH MUCH less off the strip.  This is one of those gems that's really good. Especially when you see your bill.   Menu has a huge selection.  cheap beer during happy hour.  Had lots of small plates...  had too many to really remember.  But... mostly everything was really good.  Highly recommend this place when you're off the strip.
Went here last week with 6 guys from out of town. A short ten dollar ride from the strip we had a great meal with great food and lots of imported beer. Total bill for 6 was 140.00.  The cost of an ordinary meal on the strip. Take a chance and wander here.  It will be worth it   The magic moment
Came here for a late night snack around 10pm. Lots of people looked like they were getting some grub before heading out to clubs. After a 15-20 minute wait, we were seated at a nice clean table. The walls are plastered with additional menu options, but I couldn't see them all from our table. I think there were more menu items on the wall than in the printed menu! We decided to go for the Honey Toast recommended by Las Vegas Weekly and also tried the Butter Corn. The Butter Corn came out first and was nicely plated. Butter corn kernels on top of crispy chips. Yummy. The best was when the Honey Toast came out. Hot and cold. Sweet and salty. Soft and crunchy. A hollowed out toasted loaf of Japanese bread drizzled with lots of honey and topped with a large scoop of vanilla ice cream. It was love at first bite. . . The food was delicious, the prices were affordable, an open parking spot was a bit hard to find (everyone was in here!), and the hours were great for a late night snack during our trip to Vegas! This restaurant is located on the second floor of a strip mall, but luckily we had GPS to guide the way.  . . Definitely coming back on my next trip to Vegas for some more of that lovely Honey Toast.
Finally got to try Ichiza!!! I arrived around 8 pm and there was still 30 min-1 hr wait. Menu offers many options and price is reasonable. Servers always seemed to rush and it was hard to get their attention. . Sake - I love the variety that they carry. so many to choose from. . Beef tataki - it was chewy and not tender. meat itself was creamy but flavoring was not that great. . Chicken Glizzard - delicious!! crunchy and tender. . Some yakitory - average. did not leave an impression so I can't remember how it was. . Grilled squid - fresh and tasty. I had better though. . Sashimi - hmm many not a very good idea to order sashimi at a izakaya restaurant.
Not a big fan of beef tongue but here its very good
Been here a few more times...really can't go wrong with anything here.  It was only recently that I found a new favorite spot in town for Japanese tapas!. . Again, the ramen is not my fav in town, but still very good and fresh. . . I come here for the fresh seafood. The grilled mackerel and squid are very good. Can't go wrong with the crab fried rice as well! . . Also went with the butter clams and a few other goodies. All pretty tasty!   Prices are pretty reasonable too :). . Pork Kim Chi and Red Snapper Sashimi :. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=_r_afKZlImDUJNXE38em9w#_r_afKZlImDUJNXE38em9w. . Good rendition on the kim chi...the snapper came with a bunch of other citrus and misc that kind of hid the flavor of the fish, but was still enjoyable.. . Waygu Carpaccio :. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=jzQqOhKS9zn6fPo34hrbdw#jzQqOhKS9zn6fPo34hrbdw. . Good, tender and flavorful.. . Lastly, you have to try the butter toast! It is unbelievably good. It is a toast square, hollowed out with a bunch of honey and ice cream inside. Big enough to share! But you might not want to...Quick pic :. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#vaThLUY_i4FHKKDGdbOZjQ. . Tried a few other dessert toast items around town, and Ichiza still holds the crown in my book!
The beef bowl was really good!! There is such a wide selection of yummy food to choose from! This place is usually full of people but the service is really fast!
Items selected include:  . . Deep Fried Tofu Mussel Cake with corn and carrots. Pudding - Tofu Creme Caramel. Honey Toast with Ice Cream. Fried Quail Egg. Mushroom Chawanmushi. . ...my first day in Vegas always goes later than anticipated, but not for the same reason as others since it is usually a late night reservation at one of the restaurant's top tier restaurants that keeps me out late and true to form we could not get a seat at Kabuto until 9:00pm thus allowing plenty of time for small plates and sake beforehand at Ichiza, just across the street on Spring Mountain.  A venerable establishment amongst both tourists and locals long before Raku put LV's Chinatown on everybody's 'must visit' list I'd wanted to visit Ichiza during my past two visits to Sin City but both due to location and the rest of the city's eats it had always fallen on the 'next time' list until we literally found ourselves in the area with nothing else to do.. . Small and tucked away on the second floor of a non-descript strip mall with a podium for check-in leading to a largely open floor plan with kitchen at center, seating at tables and bars (on chairs or on tatami style mats,) and menus hanging on walls all around Ichiza looks like chaos when you first enter and with seating tight the process of placing an order literally consists of walking around the room to figure out what you want as the chefs work quietly and vigorously churning out plate after plate.  With my pal conserving appetite and focusing on sake while I perused the options it would not be long before we placed our order - sitting, sipping cold sake, and taking in the scene.  . . Beginning first with the savories, though food didn't necessarily arrive in that order, a trio of options presented two excellent fried options, the quail eggs still jiggly on the inside with a golden exterior crunch and the mussel cake surprisingly vegetal and creamy thanks to the house made tofu and fresh corn.  Less successful, the smooth egg custard was spot on in texture but with the mushrooms only resting atop the chawanmushi the base was largely flavorless aside from salt and onion - even when mixed the only part really worth eating being the bits directly exposed to the fungus.  . . Moving on to sweets my selection of the tofu pudding was at our server's behest and unlike the chawanmushi this creamy custard was lovely, the silky texture somewhere between a true flan and something more dense like cheesecake, and as to the Honey Toast - it is enormous, it is delicious, and with the block of bread hollowed out and toasted to just short of crisp before being slathered in warm honey and topped off with a ball of ice cream it is best shared - particularly if you have dinner or drinking plans for later.
Hidden gem in Chinatown in a nondescript shopping mall next to the main Chinatown plaza. On my most recent trip to Vegas, I wanted to get off the strip to find more authentic/cheaper dining options. The main reason I came here was for the Honey Toast that everyone raves about.. . We came on the Sunday or Memorial Day Weekend so I wasn't sure if they were going to be open.. . I called the restaurant several times after 1:00 to see if they were open, but nobody picked up, so I decided to tempt my fate and catch a cab to Chinatown anyway. I got there 10 minutes before 2:00 (which is when they open for lunch) so decided to walk around the plaza for a little bit and come back when they officially opened. After 20 minutes or so , I came back with my husband and found the restaurant almost totally packed. We were lucky enough to get bench seating right in front of the kitchen. . . The service was slow at times, and the waitress wasn't quick to replenish our drinks,  but the service was friendly regardless. The decor is simple--and the extreme opposite of the elaborate decor of  the restaurants on the strip. The bathroom is half restroom and half utility closet. Don't come expecting anything fabulous. . . The Miso Cod was downright buttery and delicious. It's a decently sized piece of Cod filet cooked to perfection. . . My husband got the Pork Udon Stir Fry which was good as well.. . The thing I came for, the Honey Toast, is exactly what it sounds like...a big hunk of toast with honey drizzled all over it and two scoops of vanilla ice cream. Was it worth the drive to Chinatown, probably not...but I would drive for days for that Miso Cod for sure.
I've ordered a bunch of items here, and they were all consistently good on different occasions.  I highly recommend stopping here if you're craving good non-buffet food.
I love you ichiza I just wish you weren't always so busy and inwish you had all your wall items on one menu and I wish you'd had my monk fish liver and I wish you would open in California,  but all that aside thank you for being ine of my favorite Japanese restaurants hands down and staying open so late and making delicious food though the servive us hit and miss the food keeps ne coming back.
Honey Toast...Amazing!
Refreshing food in the desert heat!  however service is as slow as molasses.. . The GOOD:. . Yellow tail tar tar. - my FAVORITE DISH of the meal. there was tempura crackers with rice and pico de gallo in the middle, with raw yellow tail bits spread on top, with a yummy tangy (ponzu?) sauce.  there was just lots of textures and flavors to this dish which kept it interesting with every bite.. . Tuna Tofu Salad. - a refreshing hawaiian style poke salad with soft tofu (like the corean kind you would find in soup)  a great change from all the meat and steaks that you get on the strip. . The OK:. . Red Snapper Carpaccio. - as decent as sushi can get, when you are in the desert.  the bed of veggies it came on was nice and cripsy and soaked up just the right amount of ponzu sauce. . Beef Tongue Stirfry. - it actually come out on a sizzling stoneware. OMG lots of garlic!  i love fried garlic chips in my food, its always a great addition.  the tongue meat is super lean, however it is pretty tough to chew. . . The MEH:. . Mini okominoyaki. - took very long to cookand still turned out very eggy like an omelette instead of a pancake.  Good flavor with the bacon ( Japanese pork belly sliced thin and not cured or salty like the american one), sauce, and ginger. . Service was almost unbearably slow for a small place with 2-3 hostess or servers. good luck trying to get your check or get your server's attention.  they look your way but pretend not to see you.. . Overall however, this is a great place if you want to get away from all the steaks and butter
Opens late. Fast service good food. Nice food presentation. Last order at 2am. Opens til 3am week days and 4am weekends.
Ichiza is a solid Izakaya with fair prices, good food, and open late. Many of their items aren't on the menu, so make sure to look around on the walls for the other items. It's a small place, so it'll take awhile if you come with a large group. . . Food:. 1) Beef tongue - If you like the texture of tongues, then you'll like it. It was flavorful, but some of my other friends didn't like it because of its texture.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=Z50FudnbVN6ZBijm1ZbHkw#MRiWPQNDdzQCkixIA1dyJQ. 2) Beef Bowl tastes just like Yoshinoya, but with much better beef quality and without the post-meal coma.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=Z50FudnbVN6ZBijm1ZbHkw#gZx7dyZbOl6wM_mgAJGEWg. 3) Yellowtail Tartare was layered like a sandwich with chips instead of bread and topped with avocado and yellowtail poke. The fish was fresh and the sauce was delicious.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=Z50FudnbVN6ZBijm1ZbHkw#GUUzqj8B-3qeH4fXYtwVQg. 4) Miso Black Cod was buttery and soft. It was cooked to perfection! There was just enough miso for the right amount of flavor, so it wasn't overpowering.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=Z50FudnbVN6ZBijm1ZbHkw#jaRWq-B8P--y_9RtXJrNGA. 5) Fried Calamari - It wasn't that great. I've had much better. I recommend you order something else instead because there are many better items for the same price.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=Z50FudnbVN6ZBijm1ZbHkw#79IniSib3kGjGXCips_edg. . Service:. The place always seems busy, so it's difficult to get everything in the time you want. Nevertheless, the staff here work hard, and they'll make sure to take care of you as long as you get the chance to flag them down.
In lieu of my favorite sushi joint in Vegas, my fellow yelper Liza L suggested we check out this ikazaya she's been wanting to try for a while. Located in Chinatown, the place was packed and filled with a mixed crowd of young and old. The walls were filled with their specials that were all fairly priced. Our party of four ordered a gamut of dishes to share including sashimi, sushi dishes, karaage chicken, pork cutlet (that's supposed to have bacon in it?), squid, chicken gizzard, beef tongue, beef donburi and of course, the honey toast for dessert. The staff were attentive and the food came out pretty quick. . . I would recommend this place to my other Hawaii visitors who enjoy ikazaya-style dining. Just be prepared to wait a while - ours was over an hour so we just went downstairs to sing some karaoke and enjoy some soju to kill time.
Great food, good service, I like the poke sashimi most!!
On a Sunday night, to celebrate a friend's bday, we came here and ordered lots of food and drinks. 1. Chicken Cutlet . 2. Shrimp tempura and rice . 3. Red snapper . 4. Jalapeno fried rice . 5. Vegetable croquette . 6. Chicken gizzards . 7. Brick toast with ice cream. 8. Yakatori . 9. grilled mackerel. 10. A whole lotta warm sake and Sapparo . . - We were able to get a big table for a group of eight where we got to take our shoes off but didn't have to sit "cross cross apple sauce hands on lap GINGER SNAP!" LOL ok ok..side tracked...kids.... - Food came out quickly. Service was nice. They turned off the lights and surprised him with a banana crepe with a candle and sang happy bday. . - No rush to push us out of the restaurant.. - Language barrier check! That's when you'll know the food will be legit, if you know what I mean. . - I definitely get the Japapeno fried rice, grilled mackerel, and brick toast again.
To avoid being chided, call at least two hours in advance and make a reservation. We called an hour in advance for a 630 dinner on a Friday and were scolded, but we'll take our punishment if it means getting delicious food.. . Menu is overwhelming. make sure you check the list of 'most popular items' written in marker that's over the kitchen. I think I still missed a number of items that were on signs on the walls, but that just gives me reason to go back next time i'm in town.. . And yes, the food was delicious. And plentiful. And completely haphazard as to what came when, but we'll take it. Some restaurants course things so that you have a specifically orchestrated experience -- this is not that kind of place. When the food is ready, it shows up at your table.. . Between three of us, our food came in more or less this order:. pork belly with egg, spinach salad (goma-ae), gingko nut skewer, vegetable roll, beef tataki, jalapeno fried rice, shishito pepper skewer, okra skewer, bacon-wrapped mochi, agedashi tofu, okonomiyaki. I ordered a yakitori skewer right at the end to try it, and then the famous honey toast.. . Of that, I would order the pork belly, tataki, goma ae, gingko nuts again. Gingko nuts were just kind of novel and fun. Pork belly was perfectly unctuous with the creamy egg on the side and almost-but-not-quite-too-salty broth. Tataki was buttery and rich, with a nice portion size. The spinach was a nice balance to all the meaty richness I didn't try all of the vegetarian things. the fried rice had a good flavor, from what I hear, . . the server was really great about trying to keep the vegetarians from accidentally straying to the meat side. we were able to order the okonomiyaki meat-free, and she steered us away from things with hidden shrimp paste and such.. . all the food plus two alcoholic beverages came to 90 after tax and tip, and was totally worth it.
All i can say is Salmon... Salmon... Salmon...! Love this place. Really feels as if you are in Japan. Food is great and its open late. Only reason for a missing star is the size of the establishment. For it to be so awesome and so popular there is almost always no room for a decent size party. other than that this place ROCKS!
a must stop when i get to LV.  good beef tongue. always get the honey toast to finish the night.  the walls have tons of specials.  Ramen is a winna.
Good food, good deal,  and we had good time there.
One of my favorite restaurant, Vegas or not.  Every time I'm in Vegas, I come here.  Sake houses in Japan were set up to drink Sake socially and have an occasional snack with them.  Ichiza was set up in this manner as well, but it seems that food is the main occasion over the sake.  But that's ok.  Japanese hand written signs are hung on the walls everywhere and a menu is provided.  It's kind of like a Tapas joint where you order many items, they are small in nature and you share with your table.  So many good items like Bochoy, Shrimp Garlic Eggplant, Grilled Squid, etc.  Don't expect your standard Japanese fare like Tempura or Sushi (although they serve them).  No ridiculous Japanese Steak house either, which really bothers me since those places aren't traditional Japanese fare.  This place is traditional Japanese fare where you can't get most of the items in most American Japanese restaurants.  Seating is limited and at times you will share a table with others.  Parking is bad and I usually have to park in the lot adjacent to it.  Give it a try.  I think you will like it.
Love this place,Great food & price.
The menu here has so many selections that I don't know where to start. Besides the menu, they post specials on the wall written in marker on printer paper; sometimes its difficult to see all their specials while you're seated, so you have to get up and move around. Weird, I know.. . I've been here twice and let me say, I am giving this place 4 stars for creativity and authenticity. You really can't find this kind of Japanese food, and if you do, its rare. My favorites out of everything I've tried would be the shabu salad, uni in ponzu sauce, and yellowtail tartar. Everything else was good, but it didn't stand out to me.. . I would love to come back to try their other dishes and specials. BTW this restaurant is open until really late, which is a bonus for a late-night snack.
Ichiza is a great little izakaya place. I love the ambiance, and how they have a lot of the items of the wall. My favorites to get here are the beef tataki (I usually get two because its soooo good) yellowtail tartar, fried baby octapus, beef tongue skewers, and the honey toast. I also like the beef bowl but it has a lot of rice so it's pretty filling. It gets pretty busy here and if you plan on coming with a big group call ahead because it is a small place. Parking can also be hard to find if you come during peak hours.
Great izakya food and really cheap too!! A lot of izakaya restaurants can really run your bill up throughout your meal but this has got to be one of the cheapest ones I've been to so I was pleasantly surprised when the bill came. Everything was pretty good but here's a list:. -Whole grilled Ika (awesome presentation, simple). -Wagyu beef carpaccio (delicate and tasty). -Chicken Karage (simple but good). -Egg custard (single serving cups). -Miso marinated mackerel (oh so fatty and delicious). -Yellowtail carpaccio (solid). -Too many more to count/name!!. . Overall a great find off the strip. Away from the hustle and bustle with very reasonable prcies for solid izakya has me coming back to this restaurant.. . P.S. Honey Toast is way overhypppped! It's exactly what it sounds/looks like, no more no less. Being from southern California you find a dime a dozen of these in the san garbriel valley and they blow this one away no problem.
Legit Japanese restaurant in Las Vegas? Check! . . They only serve small size dishes here. So you order a lot and share.. . Tuna Sashimi Tofu Salad: I dont usually eat sashimi because I can't get passed the texture. But I decided to try it here. And it was soooo goooddd. Maybe cause it was chopped up. Maybe cause it was sooo freshh. Either way, I was thinking.." Where has this been all my life!!??" Favorite dish of the day.. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=NTV1hC0Dt5ObQon9fBg9FA#j3Vy1CPwzDo_5UWFrnkKQg. . Spider Roll: Portions was kinda small for a spider roll. Usually the spider rolls I get come with huge pieces of tempura and tons of crab. This one not that much. Still good though.. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=NTV1hC0Dt5ObQon9fBg9FA#AYwXJydKeIN5du8Vs7WJDQ. . Tempura: Not greasy at all! Definite plus. And it tasted how tempura should taste!. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=NTV1hC0Dt5ObQon9fBg9FA#tLl0giRNdveYI9dvkd0DsQ. . Cod (Butterfish): This was delicious! Buttery and full of flavor. It was super tender and just melted in your mouth! . . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=NTV1hC0Dt5ObQon9fBg9FA#NTV1hC0Dt5ObQon9fBg9FA. . All I have to say is, its a little pricey for what they give. But the food is definitely fresh because you get to see all the chefs make the food for you in the kitchen.
HATE  Found a small bug crawling on the bar once.. . DISLIKE  Nothing.. . LIKE  The desserts. The grilled squid. The jumbo meat patty. The grilled chicken salad. The ramen. The daily specials.. . LOVE  The fried rice. The Banzai Bunny sake. The deep fried menu items.
First time trying the Ichiza. I must say, they do have lots of special fishes. We ordered:. Butter black cod - pretty good. Stir fried gizzard - I liked it. Spider roll - don't worth the price . Yellowtail tar tar - I ordered because everyone said its good, I would not order again though.. Salmon chazuke - I'd recommend they chopped the salmon to small pieces, I think it would've taste better.. Beef tataki - it's really good!  One of "must order" dish.  . Beef Tongue skewer - I think it's alright. Agedashi Tofu - I like this. . Raw tuna appetizer ( forgot the name) - its different, but I didn't like it. . I believe this will be a "go back" place if I visited Vegas again!
This is the perfect "go to" spot after work hours -- especially if you're working late.. I've been here countless times after ending my midnight shift and it always hits the spot!  All of their dishes are a sort of Japanese tapas -- super delicious no matter what you order.. Try the catch of the day and chef's recommendations to explore your dining repertoire and never leave without having the famous honey toast ice cream.. Seriously, you won't be disappointed.. I have to give ichiza 4 stars only because the place is dated and more if a hole in the wall.. But, seriously -- I wouldn't be surprised if its eventually featured on food network for that honey toast desert -- literally every table had it after their meals!
I have been to Ichiza many times and have never really tasted anything off their large menu that made me have a foodgasm and so I was starting to think that the place was way too over-hyped... But on my most recent visit I discovered the Uni (Sea Urchin), Ika (squid) & Natto (fermented soybean) roll and it was so freakin good! It's definitely not for everybody with its interesting flavors but for my palette, it was perfect. I love uni but I would never think to pair it with ika and natto but somehow the flavors all worked together.. The buttery uni, chewy ika, slightly tangy natto + the floral taste of the shiso leaf was a party in my mouth.. And I definitely want to go that party again LOL It was a little over $8 for 4 pieces but I think it's worth it.. I was also impressed by the quality of the salmon sashimi on this visit! Even though everyone raves about the honey toast here, I am not a fan of it.. The last time I got it the bread was hard & burnt and there was just too much bread vs honey/ice cream... . Service is a hit or miss and there aren't that many tables to sit at which causes long waits at peak times.. So if you're someone who likes your space this isn't the restaurant for you because most likely you will be sitting very close to another party.. They even have a large shared table in the middle of the restaurant & shoulder to shoulder countertop seating.. . . . HOT TIP: Look around at the menus on the walls before making your selection on their main menu and don't be afraid to ask the servers what the most popular items are ;]]]
Ichiza is for the most part ALWAYS packed. . . I agree with most that this restaurant is over-hyped. Their food doesn't taste as good as it used to BUT I would still come back time and time again. I don't dislike anything on their menu and love love that they have daily specials. You have a lot to choose from when it comes to dishes and their prices are reasonable.. . . The restaurant's concept feels authentic and comfortable.. . Some of my favorite dishes are:. . Garlic chicken gizzard . Kimchi fried rice . Stir fried udon . Kim chi fried rice . Beef tataki . . The honey toast is a must have for dessert. So delicious. So simple. Ask them to lightly toast the toast otherwise it'll most likely come out burnt on the outside. . . Service is a hit or miss. The restaurant is quite small and there aren't very many tables so you will most likely be very close to another party...but that's apart of what gives Ichiza it's authentic feel. (Restaurants in Japan work with very little space also) If you're coming with a large party try to call ahead of time to see if they are able to accommodate.
So, look- this place is great, it is not insane good- just so you know. But it is more of an experience place. Not family friendly unless you can get their early and get a table. Yes you must get the honey toast and that is great. But what I like best about this place is that the small plates allow you to explore stuff you would not have otherwise and do it on a budget- and if something bombs with your kids- all good, there won't be a huge plate of food left.
Good japanese fast food off the strip, cant go wrong with it. The first time I had the beef bowl and was pretty impressed, the second I had some fish bento box and thought it was good...mainly the reason I can give it 4 stars is that its good food at a even better price
I always have a good meal here and it's very well priced with an interesting menu. My only thing is that it's tough with all the different items on the wall. It would be easier if all the dishes on the walls were on a menu. Seafood is always fresh and they have Japanese comfort fare too like udon.
i have been to this place quite few times already.enjoyed everytime,service is always good..very casual dining place.lots of stuffs to order,althogh a lot of items are on the wall,its hard to know what you are gonna look for..bring a smart phone with you and slide the pictures on the yelp and look for the dish you like would be a better way.
Absolutely incredible food!!! A must for anyone visiting or local. Price is more than reasonable. Every dish they serve was better than the last. If I had to pick my favorite is the grilled cod...nothing was needed to add it was perfect just the way it was prepared. The octopus and onions was good too. Beef liver was another favorite of mine
Whenever I come to Vegas, Ichiza is one of my go to places. Lots of alcohol and Japanese comfort food! When you go, get there early as it is a very popular place. One thing to keep in mind: the parking there sucks and is totally FUBAR! You may have to park next door in the shopping center and walk over.
When a friend of mine says they want me to take them on one of my food adventures, ichiza is one of my favs. . I love communal eating so Japanese tapas hits my happy place.. It's Located on the top level of one of the many outlet malls on spring mountain. . I love walking into the space here. The first stand out feature is the seating is intimate and lively, with only a few tables and is almost always full, even at 2 in the morning. The kitchen is small and completely open, and I always try to sit at the bar so I can watch the the 8 or so people run and create beautiful dishes. . Secondly they have a small basic menu you can order from, however all the specials are posted on cards all over the walls. So this adds to the excitement of your experience, leaning backward and forward to find something new and delicious to try, if that's your thing. ( it's soo my thing). I recommend trying anything off their "most popular" cards. I love the tuna tar tar, red snapper carpaccio, tofu salad. I also enjoy the beef tongue ( if your adventurous) and the spinach and tuna roll. And for dessert you have to try the honey toast, or the coffee jello both are tasty fun desserts.
Good food, nice service.more hidden menu on the wall,you have to check or ask the server.
Mmmm! I'm so glad we discovered this place.. . We were told a 45 minute wait, but it only ended up being about 15 or so.. . I had the grilled salmon belly and pork belly.  Delicious.  The pork belly is one of my favorites.  It was so tender and melted in my mouth.  The salmon was also very good.. . For dessert we had both the honey toast and the crepes.  The honey toast was amazing!! I dream of the next time I will eat it.  The crepes weren't very good in my opinion... . The menu is huge.  Half of it is all over the wall in the restaurant, so it gets difficult to read.  The meals are pretty small, almost tapas style.  So order 2-3 things.. . Service was quick and friendly.. . We will return:)
I love all of the waitress that work here. They are so incredibly beautiful in every way!!!. The food is great, the beers are cold and the sake hot. I absolutely love Asian girls. And these girls are a dream come true
I love Ichiza. Small Japanese Izakaya in Chinatown. I think I've already reviewed the place but oh well. I always get the same things. Shabu shabu salad, ahi tuna tar tar, agedashi tofu, Tom yum roll, jumbo meat patty, and this other sushi roll on the wall that has eel and a little fried like sweet potato cake on it. The food is consistently good and once you're in from possibly waiting then the service is pretty good. They have daily specials and aside from their menuthey have items all over their walls. They really should update their menus or figure something out. They have so many things to choose from that people never know of because they can't read the walls. Anyways the food is priced okay but the food itself is always really good. I suggest going right when they open or before they close otherwise they're always busy.
Good spot for great food! They have raised their prices just a little but it's still worth it.  It was so reasonable before (prob the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars) . . Tends to get very crowded. Be prepared to wait. Also parking can be a little tough so try and avoid going on weekends.
