Solid club. Good crowd and great DJ. . . Drinks are fairly expensive but no more than any other Vegas club.
The guest list line was OUT-THE-DOOR when we got here at 11pm.  Because of that, I stepped out of line to find something to snack on and subsequently missed when they were handing out wristbands for the guest list people.  Fail moment.  Fortunately, the men holding the list gave me a wristband no questions asked.  Thanks!. . Came to LAVO on a Tuesday night (yehyuh) with my girls.  No cover charge for us so we used our open bar privileges and ordered 3 Long Islands and an AMF.  The bartender made these 4 drinks all at once, and so quickly.  She was definitely hasty because my drink was much stronger than the rest!  . . I was really feeling the music the ENTIRE night (and I'm usually critical of DJs).  This DJ threw down some favorable beats with good mixing; I danced for an hour straight at one point.  We were showered with foam at points in the night.  Foam gets stuck in your hair and stings your eyes if you look up!  . . The dance floor was petite compared to others that I've been to.  You know when the dance floor is small when you keep running into the SAME guys throughout the night.  It gets crowded, for sure.  . . The ladies room was next to the coat check area & the line was minimal at the restroom!. . At the end of the night, I realized that I dropped my driver's license somewhere on the dance floor. :(The rest of my trip would have sucked without it.  I talked to a bouncer, who calmed me down and gave me tips to contact the lost-and-found.  The club recovered my license and I was able to pick it up the next morning.  I am forever indebted.
Restaurant:. We had to wait about thirty minutes for a table even with a reservation (but after 20 minutes I went back asking how much longer) and they without a question just gave me two free drinks for waiting.  My friend and I had great specialty drink cocktails.  We had calamari for an appetizer-large portion and totally worth it.  I had the Chilean Sea Bass and my friend had an Eggplant Pasta dish which was also very tasty.
4 stars for the restaurant, not the club. =P got a comped dinner here with a bunch of my girlfriends during the week. while we were waiting for our table, we got hooked up with a bottle of grey goose. to be honest, we didn't really know what to expect with the dinner. there was a pre-fixed menu...a little bit of everything. roasted beet salad, vodka penne, margarita pizza, chicken parmasan, french fries, garlic bread....i'm sure i'm forgetting something but the spread was BOMB. service was great and he was a cutie. =)
Excellent food.  Great Service.  Don't miss the meatballs.  Nice Bar, but not really a "nightclub", pretty small.
This review is for the nightclub. Came here on a Sunday night for the open bar. It went from 11pm-12, and we met up with our promoter outside the club. There was quite a line outside, but he was able to walk our group of girls in for free. There aren't many clubs open on Sundays in Vegas so LAVO was great for pre-party.. . The club is upstairs and really pretty. The walkway is lined with these water fountain-like things, very classy and chic. Having only gone to Surrender at the time, LAVO seemed amazing and very well-decorated. . . Compared to other clubs like XS, LAVO is a bit small, especially the dance floor. It was already packed before 12am. I enjoyed the music though, and the crowd seemed a little younger. The drinks from open bar were pretty watery, but the cocktail waitresses were really hot. . . Bottom line: come here for the open bar. Maybe dance a little.
Got in for free since we stayed at the Venetian.  Pretty convenient since we just prepartied in our rooms and came downstairs to dance.  . . They played awesome music the whole night and the service was pretty good (bouncers were polite).  Only gripes were that the boys were just sooooo grabby.  They figure that since they got a booth and give you a drink, they have the rights to touch you.  Ummmm, no.  . .  I just enjoyed the music, danced the night away, stayed close to my friends.  I would go here again if it was free.
We chose Lavo because we wanted to try the food and the club.. . The food is great.  The meatballs are great.  The appetizer is considerably over priced though.  I ordered the spaghetti carbonara.  It was excellent.  The pasta was cooked perfectly and it was loaded with tasty bits of meat.  Our server was knowledgable and very friendly.. . I was surprised how much i liked the club.  Eating dinner there allowed us to skip the line and go directly in.  That is always a nice touch.  It issmaller than many of the newer clubs in Las Vegas, but it works.  The music mix is good.  The drinks are expensive, but right in line with most of the better clubs.
This review is for the restaurant.. . Knowing where to eat on the strip can be an adventure or a tragedy.   Littered with celebrity chefs named facilities, there are more names dropped here than at the end of a movie. Italian dishes are the affair, one which there is no need to cheat on, because it's good fare.  Sure some celebrity chef named Ralph Scamardella builds a menu that is tasty, but you don't come here just for the food. . . You come here for the incredible atmosphere, you come here because the servers in the bar side are basically supermodels, and you come here to have a great time.
I liked Lavo however, I thought it was quite small. Girls were free and we got comp drinks till midnight (guys paid $10 cover). I love the music there but the dance floor is small. I would definitely go again though. . When we went in (during December) I met a lot of cool people...
Restaurant - incredible.  Meatballs were amazing and service was great.  Funny enough, the music going in the dining room was better than in the club later that night!  Definitely get the oreo dessert!  Recommended.
This is for the restaurant. . . Went here for the second time. First time was hit and miss, with the music way too loud to carry on a conversation and terrible service. But the food was good so we decided to give it another go. This time, everything worked out great. Music was at a reasonable level. Temperature very pleasant. Server was fantastic. Garlic bread tasty but a little crunchy. Appetizer Kobe rice balls, a little dense for my taste but very flavorful. Appetizer clams oreganato fantastic...hot, clams perfectly cooked with a nice toasted breadcrumb topping, great garlic sauce...I wanted to lick the plate.  My wife had the penna ala vodka...just o.k. We don't mind el dente, but her penne took el dente to a ridiculous level. And it was undersauced. Spaghetti and Kobe meatballs...delicious. Gelato for dessert...the chocolate was awesome, caramel good and vanilla bean o.k. Portions are large and priced reasonably.
This review is for the club.. . We were a group of six guys who came here on Friday night. We had arranged bottle service with a host called Roman and there was only a one bottle minimum which was nice (some of the bigger clubs would make you buy two or more bottles for a group of 6 guys). We ended up getting two anway but it was nice that it wasn't required to get a table.. . I have been to the club at Lavo a few times and have always had a good time. Its a bit small and doesnt have the visual wow factor of a place like XS but the music is always good and I have always found the guys at the door to be way more courteous than at other clubs. . . This time we got bottle service and our contact at the club, Roman, was really a class act. He got us in promptly, and checked in on us to make sure we were happy. He even texted a couple times (including the next day, yes for real, he texted the next day to say he hoped we had a good time.. easy to do but i've never had a host do that before). When I texted him later that night to ask if he could get a friend in who was late he replied in moments saying it was no problem. My friend took a long time showing up and Roman took the initiative to check with me if he had showed up or not. All pretty basic stuff, but again I've rarely seen the host so on top of things.. . The service here was so much better than how we got treated the next night at Marquee. I think in the future when I come to vegas I will avoid the newest club and go with a classic. I think of places like Tryst that way and I'm adding Lavo to the list. Seems like a sure thing.
I have never been here for the club portion, but came here for Dinner on a couple of recommendations.. . On with the review!. . So I came here for a date with the special lady because I really wanted to get some good food and I figured I would give Lavo a try.  So the best thing about this meal for me were two things: the garlic bread that is fresh baked and served with marinara sauce, and the DAMN KOBE MEATBALL.  Both were so freaking good.  I had most of the garlic bread myself and had to fight off my lady with a butter knife for it.  The sea bass and tiramisu are pretty good too, but most definitely come for the garlic bread and stay for the meatball.. . On a side note, their in-house cocktails are really really good.
The only one meal in Vegas worth Yelp'ing home about! (Although i did write reviews for all the others too). . . I really enjoyed their pasta, interesting environment and decent service. But most importantly, a decent meal!!
Excellent service and cool room.  Cocktail and wine list is creative and they execute well.  Very interesting offerings.  The Sea Bass rocked, the garlic bread that comes with dinner was great.  Dessert and espresso were fantastic.  Worth going for dinner!
One of my favorite lower key spots in town. Everyone's all about PURE, Palms and TAO, which are fine. Like that this is a bit more highbrow, pretty chill if you go VIP or during a slow time. Darren Criss recently rolled in for his 24th birthday. Ahi tuna carpaccio and Ketel One stuffed bleu cheese dirty martinis are impeccable; dessert's are killer too.
Been to LAVO twice now. Its a decent dance club, but no where close to being as nice as Xs. We got in free this time because we were staying at the Palazzo, otherwise we would've gone to Xs, plus she got a free drinks wrist band.. . My problem with the club is that by midnight the dance floor is packed so you'll have some elbows in your back if you're not careful. Also there's not outdoor patio, as you'll have to go back downstairs to the restaurant or exit the club to get any fresh air. Also the coat check is like in the very back of the club which is pretty inconvenient if you ask me.
This nightclub wasn't too bad, but the music didn't really suit my taste. There was the occasion song here and there that I knew of, but there were also a few that I have never heard of before. The dance floor here is a little crowded, so you tend to really get pushed and stepped on by others. When I went there was a slight confusion about which line we had to get in, because we were on the list and we were staying at the hotel. In the end we had to wait quite a while to get in.
As a nightclub in Vegas, LAVO is pretty poppin' on a Friday night!!! The first time I came here was about 2 years ago, it sucked and a lot of the reason is because of the crappy music they played. Nowadays, it's hard to find a Vegas spot that DOESN'T play house music and really though, I just wanna be able to hear familiar music that I can easily sing & dance to. House is just not my cup of tea! This second visit to LAVO definitely changed my opinion about it. Music was Top 40's, rap, & hip-hop with occasional house music every now & then, but hardly ever. Have I fallen in love and have plans to frequent this place in the future? DEFINITELY.. . With a friend's hook up from a promoter, we got in pretty quickly around 11pm w/ no cover, the ladies got free drinks until 11:30 with wristbands, & me & my party got our drank on. Though we had plans to only stop by here for a bit for free drinks and head on out to another club, we ended up staying here & literally danced the night away til 3am! Yes, LAVO isn't the most gorgeous club nor spacious with places to sit if you don't have a table (which is why I didn't give the 5th star due to it getting extremely hot and crowded!), but it's got the lounge feel and a dance floor that's decent enough for you to get your groove on. If you're looking for something lowkey, this is the spot. . . Thus, for anyone that's staying at the Palazzo/Venetian, check this place out since you can go to the concierge and get your name on the guest list. Or even if you're just looking for a chill place with music you can sing and dance to without having to think to yourself, "how do I dance to this music??" (sorry yall, that's what house music does to me...), do come here! I hear some nights are salsa nights and what not, but call ahead to ask if music is your concern. DJ VICE also spins on a few Sundays and they have celebs every now and then that host parties. LAVO, it's worth a try...even if you have to come twice to love it!
This is for the club part of Lavo! Industry night Tuesdays! Got wristbands for open bar. Really took advantage of that! Haha slow at first, but picked up as we were leaving. Smaller than other clubs, but definitely hella fun. . The place to be on a Tuesday night.. Didn't spend a dime = awesome night.
LAVO is pretty small for a Vegas nightclub.. . We got there pretty early because a promoter told us if we got there early, he could give us wristbands to drink for free from 11-12. (Ladies only.) Hey, it was a good deal.. . Once we were inside, off to the bar we went.  For one hour.  . . Like I said, the place was small and there was only one dance room.  They played good top 40 (it was a Sunday) though.  I liked being able to stand up on the surfaces above the booths to dance.  . . The decor is supposed to be that of a bathhouse.  I don't know what a bathhouse is but it looked nice.. . All in all, Lavo was a solid club.  My main complaint is just the size. It wasn't my favorite but if someone suggested going again, I would be down and would have fun.
A friend and I decided to grab some quick appetizers after work because I was about to eat my shoe. I had heard the lobster bisque was very tasty at LAVO and it just happened to be down the way from me...so off we went. . . My friend was super boring and just had a crown and 7...I on the other hand went for broke (yet again) on the calorie meter.I started with one of their signature cocktails called the Lavolini. It was a yummy and somewhat tart mixture of prosecco, St. Germain (so good) and passion fruit puree. Of course I ordered the soup which was bloody fantastic with a sherry mascarpone creme. Very decadent and so yummy. Next course was a Kobe beef carpaccio with an arugula salad, pepper corns, parmesan and black truffle oil (you know I LOVE all things black truffle). It was heaven...so flavorful and again very rich. . . Steven, the bartender, was lovely. He brought us out some garlic bread but I could only tackle one piece before I waved the white flag of surrender....BUT just for giggles I wanted to look at the dessert menu...and there I spot it....FRIED OREO ZEPPOLES with a vanilla malt on the side. I dug deep inside myself and made some extra room in my tummy for this dessert gift from God. It was one of the best desserts that I have EVER had. Plus I ordered the Noce dessert cocktail with Nocello, Godiva chocolate liqueur and vanilla vodka. Perfect ending to a wonderful meal. My friend and I couldn't finish the oreos so we shared the wealth with the ladies next to us who were drooling over them. So fun when you meet new people. Thank you LAVO, Steven and Nicole...we will be back soon.
Lavo- came here on sunday and the crowd was late 20's and up. This place is pretty small but for a sunday it is really crackin. Barely have space to walk around and get around the dance floor BUT i love this place. Good crowd of people on sunday and good music. This place really topped my weekend at vegas. From what i have heard LAVO and Vanity are really good places on sunday.
This review is just for the nightclub on Sunday. WAHOO! What a fun time. The music was pumping, the crowd was fun, the drinks were strong and the company was fantastic. Rob, the VIP host, was wonderful and accommodating. The only bad part was I was exhausted and couldn't fully enjoy my surroundings (my friend practically had to prop me up at the bar). It was probably the best time I have had out and about in a long time. Will be back soon when I don't have mommy duty the next day. Cheers and thank you Rob :)
Ok...its probably looking like I frequent this place a lot. I actually don't but a bunch of friends have been in town recently and they all want to go here. Go figure. . . This time it was for my co-worker/friend Nicole's 22nd birthday. We received a comp dinner andfree admission into the club.....ahhhh...the pluses to being a girl in this town. The food was delightful....fancy bar food...which I adore. The calamari and the flatbread pizza were the highlights. We also received a comp cocktail tree full of shots...it tasted like baybreezes and a cocktail (I had the Pompeii...Bacardi o, pineapple, grenadine and I think Malibu was in there as well...very tasty) . Our server was lovely and fun to chat with...plus his glasses were cool.. . We roll into the club and we had to wait for about 5 minutes because we had some guys in our group. The bouncers looked visibly stressed (I guess the IBM convention guys didn't know how to behave at a nightclub). One bouncer was a bit rude to my friend because he didn't have a sport coat on...but he was one of the hottest guys there...again go figure. When we get inside and it was like a computer geek sausage fest. Needless to say it wasn't the ideal crowd (some serial killer looking dude was trying to freak on the birthday girl). . . Overall it was a fun experience. The food was tasty, the service was great and the music was fun....just remember to steer clear when the IBM convention is in town.
"bACK ON THE sCENE, cRISPY AND cLEAN"- DrES, BlaCK sHeeP. . Finally Hip Hop On The Strip wihout that god awful techno rearing its ugly face!. . Go here on a Wednesday Night and you will be pleased with the music.  Get there early to dance and only go to the bar once.  Don't make a night of it because the layout at LAVO sucks for a club.  . . If only they could send the dj to a bigger space
one word: meatball. this thing is some serious kobe beef. as it should be considering the price point is about 20 bucks. we split it between 4 people and it was fantastic. ordered the caprese as well as the ravioli dish and both were great. signature cocktail is a plus as well. . . we hit the night club portion post dinner and the ratio of guys to girls was like 1:150. weird set up and music was sub par. not the best vegas has to offer in terms of the clubby club.
Good food.  Good drinks.  And it's L.O.U.D.. . Sure it's considered a nightclub, but we really weren't there during nightclub hours.  It was happy hour for us, so we stayed in the bar area were the seats were ample and spacious and despite it looking crowded from the outside doors, there definitely was more than enough room inside.  I mean, the space is HUGE....which I guess makes sense if this is also a nightclub.. . Coming from New York, the prices were comparable, but generally, still pricey.  They offered a good slew of food items on the bar menu, which was great since one of us was a vegeterian (eggplant parm was yummay).  The drinks were great, though I did wish they had some kind of happy hour special.  Then again, this is Vegas so who am I kidding.. . Like most bars/nighclubs, the ambience was dark and loud.  But for happy hour...I thought it was a bit too dark and too loud.  You definitely should not go hear if you intend to have any kind of conversation.  Well, maybe not inside the bar/restaurant space.  They apparently have some nice tables, couches outside that would probably be more conducive to conversing.  But it was a bit too cool that night (they do have heating lamps outside) and those areas were already taken.. . Despite it's eardrum pounding noise, I definitely would go back with friends looking to drink and have a good time.  Maybe even dress up a little bit, as business casual attire didn't seem to cut it in this particular atmosphere.  I would even consider coming a bit earlier to check out the restaurant aspect as well.  You figure if the bar food was great, the actual entrees must be awesome.
All I really remember from LAVO is the open bar and seeing my potential future baby daddy here.. . . Open bar for ladies, so we just went back and forth feeding drinks to our guy friends so that they won't be the sober party poopers.  Spent most of our time upstairs where the dance floor wasn't TOO big, but an alright size to get your shimmy on. Music was pretty good since I kind of remember dancing for a long time lol.  Not a bad place to stop by if you're planning on bouncing around to a few other clubs that night but not too sure if you want to stay for the WHOLE night, unless you spot a PFBD (potential future baby daddy)
LAVO...now what the heck does that word mean?  . . Oddly enough, when I heard about the LAVO restaurant/nightclub in Vegas, the first visual that came to mind was washing my hands in a basin of sudsy lather ("lavo" in Spanish means "I wash" - I remember SOME of what I learned in junior high!)  So did LAVO live up to our expectations, or was it really just all washed up in the hype?. . Julius and I went to the restaurant around 11:30 at night for Fourth Meal :)  I loved LAVO's rich amber hues and the chandeliers that casted a warm glow over the dining area.  Opulent!  Everything on the Italian-inspired menu looked so decadent that it made me feel bad we weren't hungry enough to go off on all the food.  Not only that, the best thing on the menu was supposed to be the meatball, and I've been on this Pescatarian experiment for a few months now - my resolve wasn't going to be ruined by no freakin' meatball (in my best Jersey accent!) So we ordered the Seafood Plateau Piccolo from the raw bar (the shrimp were big & juicy!) and the Cacciatore brick oven pizza (ehhh....the complimentary garlic bread that they served us was 10x better.)  But theee best thing ever was this dessert that sounds like you could only get it at your county fair.  I don't remember what it's called, but it's this beignet type of pastry with warm, moist Oreo cookies tucked inside.  Oh...my...gawd...this is soooo last meal on earth DELICIOUS!  . . After dinner, we went to LAVO's nightclub (Quick Tip:  Have dinner at the restaurant, you get free entrance into the club and front of the line privileges!)  My instincts turned out to be dead on...walking up the stairs to the club, the walls were covered in ceramic, bathroom-like tiles.  Along this walkway was a legion of running porcelain sinks.  And up another flight of stairs was a vintage bathtub off to the side.  And inside of the club, more bathroom tiles flanked the walls.  LAVO to me looked like one huge swanky bathroom, just as I had envisioned because of the club's name.  This was underscored as sprays of tiny bubbles floated over us as we shimmied on the dancefloor.  LAVO has a really great vibe - the DJ knew how to keep the dancefloor packed.  So groove on down to LAVO for some eats and beats, and get ready for some lavish fun!
I was there last Sunday.  I had SOOOOOO Much Fun.
Restaurant was amazing after a so-so experience at their bar first at our visit this week while in Vegas. Walked in without a reservation at 7pm but decided to have a cocktail at the bar first. Bitchy bartender looked at us like we were stupid when I asked her a question about a cocktail and then when we were making small talk with her. It was apparent because we were over 30 we must be pretty lame and not worth her effort to be nice to. The tip she got reflected her attitude towards us. When we entered the dining room it was like entering another world. TOTALLY different atmosphere and service. The service was just right, waiter was funny, knowledgeable and attentive in the right amount,  food was wonderful, the best calamari I have had in some time, and enough for 4 or 5 people. Hubby and I both had basic pasta dishes which the portions were just right and the bread they kept us supplied with was Divine! Nice "by the glass" wine selection also with some affordable choices since hubby was drinking something harder that night. Atmosphere was dim lights and a warm setting and I'd recommend it for couples or groups. Not really a place for kids, tables were somewhat close together and it just wasn't a place to take kids. Parents have mercy on the couples trying to have a date night in Vegas and take your kiddos to Grand Lux.
If you're looking for good hip hop music in the clubs: Done. Done. DO IT!. . Clubs on the Strip play hip hop SETS but, mainly, focus on House.. And in Vegas, it's like looking for a needle in a haystack when looking for GOOD hip hop music.. . I emphasize "GOOD" because it's not that rap hip hop boosh*t of today....it's that 90's feel good vibe you get with Mary J. or Musiq....mixed with the Top 40 stuff.. . But, by the time, they play the Top 40 ishhh, you're already grooving to the good stuff!!!. . DJ Vice always brings the goods =) "LOVE" Vice Sundays!!!
Full disclosure: we had a hook-up in the form of the head of security, and that connection came with free cover, wristbands for open bar, and countless drink tickets.. . But! That being said, the music was great, the layout made sense, the tables weren't in the way of dancing and we all had a fun dancing our faces off. All around good times.
Club---people were fab, music was Top 40, bouncers were ok, bartender was top notch. The place is a little small, its a more intimate club. The crowd however, was classy, unrowdy. The dance floor - Packed! in a good way, not overpacked, and the people were appropriately good about it and were there only to have fun. The bouncers were professional, a big plus. Packed for a Tuesday night.
Made a 6:30pm Rez and were taken right to our table.  We chose the balcony seating.  Nice view of the strip and the treasure island pirate show.  I ordered the ceaser salad ($17!) and the husband got the pasta carbonana, very good and enough for us to share.  We ordered and the food came out in literally less than 5 mins.  Good food and reasonable price!
Hit up Lavo the second night of a two night club binge with the first being Tao.  Lavo is pretty much like Tao except with a different theme and as I came to understand they were both developed by the same people.  Once again the ambience and atmosphere seemed to be the coolest thing about it.
LAVO, you trendy little beastie, kissing cousin to TAO, Italian style. You're just as guilty of being ridiculously priced as every other Vegas resort venue. But your food, your decor, your service... ya won me over, ya little scamp.. . WTF were we thinking ordering an appetizer consisting of a giant baked meatball? And what in the world do you think you're doing making that thing actually taste really good? Flatbread with shaved truffles and truffle oil - expensive as hell and a ridiculously frivolous starter, but you still made it worth it somehow.. . Lobster risotto? Perfectly seared rare tuna with grilled artichokes and sun-dried tomatoes? Why can't you suck more so I can slag you off as another expense-account darling with no reason to sit down to table other than a corporate AMEX account?. . Oh, and the complementary quaff of Moscato d'Asti at the end of the meal... damn you.
I think I've always had a negative attitude about Lavo because it is associated with being a night club and located in a Vegas casino.  Those two factors alone always seem to always bring my expectation of food down.  Lavo proved me wrong.  I was pleasantly surprised with the caliber of food AND service at our recent outing as a big bachelorette party group.. . The Food:. Garlic Bread (compliementary) - super garlicky and butter and perfectly crispy.  Just the way I like it. . Meatball - They have a choice of meatballs and I thought that it would be a few meatballs, but this was one HUGE tasty meatball on a bed of fresh greens and flavorful garlic crostini. . Tuna Tartare - refreshing mix of chopped tuna and avocado.  Not bad.. . Kobe Stuffed Rice Balls - Aracini stuffed with kobe beef.  Interesting, yummy and filling.. . New York Strip Steak - we ordered medium because we were sharing family style.  Actually cooked perfectly and delicious. . Rigatoni Sausage Bolognese - The rigatoni itself was al dente.  Nothing impressive about the sauce.  . . Spinach and Artichoke Pizza - Soggy pizza.  Enough said.. . Crispy Zucchini - Deep fried shoestring zucchini.  Yum!!. . Garlic Mashed Potatoes - .... what garlic?. . Service:. Was it me or were all the servers handsome male models?  The service was actually really attentive.  Waters were filled, wine glasses never empty, napkins folded whenever we went off to the restroom.. . Conclusion:  I would say that the restaurant offers a nice variety of crowd pleasers with some nice service and eye candy.  Overall, 3.5 stars because the food was a mix of mediocre to very good food.  Definitely not your momma's homemade Italian, but good for a fun night out on the strip and you can get a view of Treasure Island's pirate show's fireworks if you're positioned towards window.
This is a late review from March but I would say that overall ambience is nice. It's like a Mediterranean bathhouse type theme. Great hang out place.. We arrived with huge lines but since we got in VIP we got in right away.  My hub & I dance the night away but since dance floor was too small, I think noise level was too much considering being too close to the DJ.  Music on weekedays wasn't bad at all.  Wouldn't mind returning again when in town.
Came here on a Sunday night recently and it was just dead! Stayed for about an hour and the party just really never got going. They didn't hold up the lines or anything, so even guys got in pretty quick. Alot of the ladies in line got open bar wristbands, so it's nice that they show love to the cute girls and the grenades here lol. . . The venue itself is really nice, but really small! I do like the layout of it; with the bar being on a higher level then the dance floor. But if anything i would classify more as a lounge with a dancefloor rather then a nightclub.. . Maybe because it was a Sunday? Don't think I would come here again unless I got the 3 in 1 wristband for Tao/Tao Beach/Lavo.. . Really a 3 star rating, but an extra star for good music. The DJ played Sisqo's THONG SONG! hahah
This is a review for the club only.  I definitely give Lavo bonus points, because I once met a guy there named Elvis (checked his driver's license). You can't buy such an experience! On my most recent visit, it was unbearably crowded, but I'm not sure it's fair to fault a club for that. The crowd itself is quite friendly, and everyone is having a good time. Be careful if you're really drunk or wearing very high heels (high probability for that in Vegas), because you have to go up quite a bit of stairs to get into the club area.
Came here for drinks & appetizers with some friends and were treated extremely well by the staff, which all looked like models of course. It was sort of an odd hour, after gambling in Palazzo, so the place wasn't too happening yet. Ambient music was being mixed by an on-site DJ so that was cool. We shared a few things... calamari (decent), tuna tartare w/ avacado (refreshing), kobe meatball w/ sausage ragu (amazing), & spaghetti carbonara (so creamy rich I had to drink something after each bite... but STILL excellent). Great decor but what the real trip was the restroom sinks. My first though walking into the restrooms, "damn, those are some tall urinals" hahaha Which were actually sinks  but shaped like some sort of rituallistic cyllinders. FYI: they're not motion sensored so stop waving your hands like an idiot and use the foot pedal!
Our server was fantastic. He was very nice and extremely helpful when ordering. He actually told me he wouldn't let me order anything on the menu that wasn't good. He made excellent drink recommendations as well. Food was good and the courses were served at a good pace. I will go back next time I'm in Vegas. Only disappointment, the tiramsu - skip it. Gelato was great!
Really nice place; it's small, but big enough and with a live DJ. Food and drinks were good and priced accordingly. The only negative is that I had RSVP'd for Thursday night for the club, but turns out they now close the club on Thursdays.
Both the restaurant and nightclub are nice to look at - which is good because the other scenery was a little frightening.  I think the door guys were too forgiving about who they let into the club.  I'd give it three stars if it wasn't for the professional, efficient bartenders.  Jorge and Jessica in particular earn an extra star in my rating for being nice, funny, and on top of their game. Smart and hard working - I like those traits in a bartender.
Review is for the restaurant. The food was really good but I take your pepcid....I had the worst indigestion of my life! Love the ambiance there.
Got a reco from a friend to check this place out and so glad we did!  Loved the atmosphere and decor of this place.  Our waiter was one of the nicest guys ever and was charming in a non-obnoxious way.  I would definitely make a reservation here though, as it was packed.  Loved it!
Fun spot. Loved the decor.  Service was good.  Views of the strip are awesome.  Highly recommend!
Nightclub rating only.... . We got lucky because we happened to arrive during Kris Humphries' (new husband of Kim Kardashian) bachelor party.. . I also saw Jordan Farmar, Lamar Odom and Scott.. . Place was packed on a Saturday night and we didn't want to wait in line so we did bottle service. Cost us $575 total for 5 guys and we got grey goose and our choose of drinks.. . You don't get your own VIP booth - you actually get to sit on a long couch and you get a small section along with the other bottle service people.. . Overall pretty cool club, but I think it's pretty small compared to others like XS, Marquee, JET, and Pure.
Nightclub rating: Our bachelorette party came here on a Saturday night and shared the night with Kris Humphries bachelor party! Not sure if that was why it was insanely packed, but we could barely move. You really have to stake your claim on the dance floor and not let people pushing through bother you. . . The music was a great mix the night we came. We loved the fun dance music, go go dancers and really nice bartenders. They served the drinks fast, and we barely had to wait, even for how crowded it was. . . Its easy of course to get in if you don't have a guy in your group, with that said, they should have stopped letting people in at the point you couldn't move going up and down the stairs. I think they like to make it as stuffed as possible so it looks happenin', but really it just gets to be too squished.  One in one out doorman... thats my suggestion.
NIGHTCLUB REVIEW! . . came here on a sunday night with my girlfriends.  met up with our promoter and he walked us right in. no wait or cover charge! woo! open bar for girls 11-12pm. drinks are actually pretty damn strong, which i was not expecting since it was free.  the whole club in general is super small but the music was good. got to see Kris Humphries that night too! so yeah it was super crowded. people were spilling drinks all over the dance floor so that was no bueno. i would come back again with my girlfriends since everything was free anyways! yay for free fun/drinks!
Nightclub:. . The venue is on the small side, I felt really cramped walking around and especially trying to get a drink. It looked like there was just the one bar, and it line was 4 customers deep all the way around the bar. BUT all us girls in our group got free drink wristbands so that was cool, and it bumps up my review 1 star haha.. . I enjoyed the music and had a good time on the dancefloor.
Considering I am not a big fan of nightclubs, this was not too bad. The downstairs portion is very nice. It is roomy, you do not feel cramped like most places on the strip. You can sit down and have a nice dinner or sit at the bar and have a drink or two. Either way can be an enjoyable experience. The food & drinks were amazing; however, a bit pricey (but you are on the strip after all...). . . The upstairs portion was not that bad. Small dance floor with a nice bar next to it. Not that much room unfortunately once enough people are there. Again, I am not a fan of nightclubs, but I would assume those who are would enjoy it =)
On a recent visit to Vegas my girlfriends and I ate at the restaurant and then later danced the night away in the nightclub. The restaurant made me feel like I was in New York. The decor was modern and inviting. What we loved the most were the very attractive waiters, like everyone who was part of the waitstaff was very attractive, but not in a model or fake way. The food was good. Get one of the meatballs, but be prepared to share, as the serving size was huge. The service was great and our waiter even asked if we were going to the nightclub after and provided passes to get in. We had already put ourselves on the guest list earlier, but it's good to know for the next visit. . The nightclub was fun too. It had 30 something crowd and was smaller than other Vegas nightclubs, but not too crowded. The music was great too!
If you're staying at the Palazzo and it's a late night, GO HERE! they will get you passes to get in free, prices for drinks are good, get Cucuy Vodka! music's good and it's in your hotel!. . THIS IS ONLY A NIGHTCLUB REVIEW, I DIDNT EAT THERE SORRY
This would have been 5 star had we not gone upstairs to the club after eating dinner on the patio, but since we did I felt it necessary to combine the 2 reviews into one. . . Dinner was amazing, service was excellent, food was great, we sat on the patio which wasn't too hot even for July weather. Just really really good experience.... . then we wentupstairs, the club was mehhh, we got free drink tickets and got to get weird drunk men touching our hair and walking up out of nowhere to try and kiss us, gross. The nightclub obviously can't control their patrons oddness but the club itself was underwhelming, we only stayed for one drink then left... but I would really reccommend the restuarant!
Amazing food! The kobe meatballs changed my life. I had a client dinner here and everyone loved it. My only complaint was that we only had 2 hours for 15 of us to eat and were told very rudely that we needed to leave because our time was up. Try the fried zucchini!
The LAVO nightclub is extremely tiny. I dig it though. I'm used to going to "tiny" nightclubs anyway. When I say "tiny"... I'm talking about the space- not very spacious. From what I could remember there's three bars, one dance floor, a DJ booth, and a VIP area behind the DJ booth.. . I'm not fans of nightclubs with multiple levels where the only means of venturing to these levels are stairs. Stairs and heels are not your best friends. Stairs, heels, and intoxication equals bad news bears.. . The whole time I was at LAVO... I thought I was at TAO. I had a blast at LAVO... so imagine all the fun I would have at TAO. . . I absolutely loved the music the DJ played. Mainstream Top 40 with a mixture of old school hip hop. I'm a dancing machine and I don't think I ever danced for four hours straight-- nonstop.
Food is fabulous, the staff is great and if you like that type of atmosphere then you will love Lavo. My only words of advice is DO NOT be late for yourreservations. The hostesses will purposely wait to seat you. My friend and I overheard the ladies talking about not seating us right away because we were 10 minutes late. The hostesses claim we were 30 minutes late but it was only 10 minutes. They will also not seat you unless your entire party is there. And I mean the entire party even if they are sitting at the bar. You must be absolutely ready to be seated or they will NOT seat you. It's unfortunate that the whole entire experience was not pleasant but most of it was.
We started the day at Tao beach, then ended up at Tao and eventually at LAVO. I had a good experience here. The dance floor is small but I got comped for drinks and was having a grand o' time.. . People who stand in line, Vegas have promos from August - October where you don't have to stand in line! You can get the All Access Wristbands and you just cut through everyone! It gives you access to Tao Beach, Tao Nightclub, and Lavo. . . Clubbing in Vegas was fun for us and we had a good experience with the bouncers. I'm glad we didn't experience the drama that everyone else had to go through with the reviews on here or else it would have totally ruined my trip!
Lavo is our default club in vegas. Which is a positive. . For all the multiple times that we've gone out in vegas, somehow LAVO is where we end up at. . . Line is relatively short and on some nights they have open bar for ladies 11-12. . It's much more intimate than TAO yet with somewhat of the same dance floor perimeter as TAO's main room. . . Love the fact that there is a lounge downstairs to rehydrate and rest your feet.. . its a nice escape from all the house music you hear at the bigger clubs. thumbs up.
This review is for the restaurant only. . . I got the chef's special (seafood pasta) which was pretty good and my bf got the roasted Chileansea bass---which IS TO DIE FOR!  Although my dish was pretty good, his dish was so good that it really overshadowed everything else and I found myself reaching over to help myself more often than not lol.  The sea bass was so savory and tender; it literally melts in your mouth.  I highly recommend getting this plate when you're there.  . . The cool thing about eating here is you get to cut the line and get in their night club for FREE!  (Just tell your server that you want to go to the nightclub and he'll do the rest.)
*Dinner and Club All in one Review*. . Its a celebration bitchez!. . Dinner reservations here for a dirty 30 surprise.  Group of about 12 and the service was superb.  Lavo was great at helping setup the special event complete with a specially ordered cake that they took delivery of and had ready for us at dinner.  That's going the extra mile.  They really catered nicely and made the night memorable.  The staff took pictures, suggested food, kept the drinks flowing, had some friendly conversations, and it  was all truly authentic and sincere.. . As for the food it was hit and miss on a few items.. . Bread - very good garlicky and toasted. . Calamari - just your average calamari nothing special about it. . Kobe meatballs - all though I feel a meatball is a waste of kobe beef, this was flavorful and a filling appetizer.. . Rigatoni Sausage Bolognese - Pasta was a bit undercooked and sauce wasn't anything special . . With the dinner we got free entry to the night club and got to skip the line.  The club itself is really small compared to other places like XS and Marquee.  Its more like a bar with a small dance floor.  We got in when it was pretty empty then they let the general line in and the place filled up wall to wall in the blink of an eye.  We decided to leave after that since it was pretty uncomfortable with no room to relax.  They do play mainstream hip hop though which is hard to find in Vegas these days.. . As far as a foodie destination or hot club, individually LAVO doesnt really deliver.  However if your planning a special dinner and drinks event than its a pretty nice all in one package and the staff will work to make it a memorable night.
5 stars for the restaurant and 3 stars for the night club. . Be ready to eat, because they feed you lots and it is super tasty!. . Restaurant must haves:. - garlic bread - the waiter had told us it was pretty amazing.  I was thinking "really, it's just garlic bread"...all I can say is "It's pretty amazing". - meatball as an appetizer (one meatball satisfies 4 people as an appetizer). - Rigatoni Bolognese - Delicious!!  I have been looking for a great bolognese ever since the one time that I ordered something else and my friend ordered the bolognese.  We were supossed to be sharing plates, but once hestarted eating...he got greedy and only shared one bite...I was so jealous of his food while I ate my so-so food (that he had suggested).  . . Night Club:. The bouncers working the night club was snooty, acting like the club was some super special high class club.  It's like all clubs in Vegas - pretty people, music, dancing and expensive drinks.  Nothing special!
It's one of the smaller upscale nightclubs, but by far it has the best music. Some places are getting a little carried away with these mashups, so it's nice when a deejay actually knows his music. It was a great mix of new, old, and greatest hits. The dance floor is a little small, but there are plenty of tables for larger groups. Go early, unless you've got a table or you're a jet-setting VIP.
I went to Lavo for the nightclub only so I cannot comment on the food. We went to several clubs during our short stint in Vegas. Aside from Lavo, we also went to Rain, Ghost Bar, and Playboy club, Lavo was the best of all these clubs. The layout of Rain is much better than Lavo, as Lavo is very small and a bit cramped. Regardless, the atmosphere at Lavo is pretty awesome. The small layout actually makes for a more intimate club setting. The decor is reminiscent of a dungeon in a way because of all the antique looking chandeliers - not that it was a bad thing. . . There is only one bar so naturally it takes a while to get a drink. The drinks were good and relatively inexpensive by Vegas standards. For example I ordered a kamikaze which used aboslut vodka for $8.00. The best part of Lavo though is definitely the music. The DJ that night was an Asian guy (didn't catch his name) but he was really good. They play your typical tops 40's music, with some hip-hop classics and then nice dosages of house/trance remixes. I wish I remembered his name because the DJ truly made the club. . . I'm not sure how much the cover is because we got in for free via a promo through the Venetian hotel. Either way though, you won't be disappointed.
Another restaurant/nightclub owned by the Tao Group and they know how to set things up. . . The Restaurant - Italian inspired/themed and for the price, a very good Italian restaurant. We have done a few group dinners and birthdays here and the food does not disappoint. The kobe meatballs are awesome and the various pasta dishes are all very good. Everyone in our group is usually very happy with what they ordered. Definitely a restaurant to check out if you are looking for a hip/trendy place, although it can get loud due to the crowd, lounge inside, and music.. . The Nighclub - It's a lot smaller than most of the other mega clubs as it upstairs from the restaurant. Only one smaller dance floor and two elevated areas that houses the tables and main bar. I usually get bottle service here and it is definitely far less expensive than some of the other mega clubs in Las Vegas. It has its own unique smaller club vibe, but can be hit or miss in terms of the quality of the crowd. They do have good nights on Sunday and Tuesday (industry night) and the Friday/Saturday night is packed, but definitely not to the scale of the other mega clubs in Vegas.
Went here for an industry party...it was great!. . Our drinks were superb, appetizers were yummy!!. . Ambiance was amazing...as to be expected in a Vegas Nightclub...we had our own private floor, which was nice to be able to mingle and talk to everyone.  . . Sadly, didn't stay long because of our dinner reservations, but great place.
Things I loved about this place..... . Decor. Tuna Tartare and Crispy Fried Calamari appetizers. Spaghetti with Kobe Meatball dinner. Banana Bread Brittle dessert. Helpful/Witty Staff. The flowing WINE. . Things I did not love about this place.... . Nothing
We danced awhile on a packed dance floor to the latest in hip hop and electronica but I did notice the restaurant area was strangely empty nevertheless my bacardi and coke was strong. Since my wife and I wanted to experience the Las Vegas club life this seemed like the perfect place oh we had free passes there was a phalanx of security at the front door and none of those absurd rules like having the right shoes or color of your clothing to get you in the club. We were impressed with the sound and lighting system that pulsated to the music. Overall the people working here were friendly and helpful especially our bartender who had the patience of a saint.
Had a great night last tuesday.. . Free admit and open bar with a can of food, thanksgiving food drive.. . Short (5 min) wait in line.  Door and Security people were really nice.. . Gabriel and Dresden spinning some of the best remixes in the house music genre and a bunch of original songs.. . Only downside, I think less than a third of the crowd had actually heard of them, typical las vegas. Flipside to that was it was not that crowded, you could walk right up to the DJs.. . Complementary glowsticks got a little annoying by the end of the night.
Great lounge experience. Door staff and cocktail waitresses were really nice. We got VIP seating and two bottles for the price of one. Fun place with good music and nice vibe. Definitely recommend getting bottles and a table if you wanna have a home base to sit and rest your feet after lots of dancing!
Here for the marathon and wanted to have some good Italian food to carb up so to speak.  Three couples who love good food, good wine and good times.. . This is a hip, fun, loud... see and be seen kind of place that happens to have fabulous food!  The service is impeccable and the vibe is exciting.. What you get:.  - Awesome food and you will not leave hungry.  - Wicked good garlic bread prior to dinner (don't fill up on this!).  - expensive food and drinks.  - Great menu but not overwhelming.  - Great wine selections.  - Superb wait service (orchestrated, efficient but personable).  - entertainment from the crowds. . What you won't get:.  - Quiet romantic evening.  - Thrown out if you show up in jeans although, you will be under dressed- Its Las Vegas after all.  . I had the seafood Alfredo - OMG delicious; I taste others' dishes like.... Chilean Sea bass (perfect!); Spaghetti and meatballs made with Kobi beef (a little too salty for my taste and others agreed); steak (perfect); all appetizers were simply wonderful.  . . Had no room for dessert.  The wines were incredibly good and ranged from high $50s on up....  could get a good bottle at in the $50s.
Umm, how the heck did I think this place was a "casual lounge"?? I suggested this place since we were looking for somewhere low-key for after dinner drinks, and somehow we ended up in the monstrosity of a night club where some girl actually drunk walked / vomited simultaneously on our table, my friend's jeans and my sister's Manolo Blahniks.. . So the DJ only plays each song for about 3 seconds and the light up foamies were giving me severe motion sickness (It felt like I was in a moving tunnel!), and if we forget about the whole projectile vomit incident, the night was a ton of fun. I danced all night and nearly forgot I had an unattended baby (AKA Panda) sleeping back at the hotel room. . . And to think I almost thought I was *too old* to be going to night clubs. But thank goodness the pain from my platforms didn't kick in until AFTER I got out of the cab :)
came in after some gambling.... got seats at the bar and had a good time with my bf. the bartender is super nice, recommended a few really good drinks one is pear base martini, another is grape martini.. YUM! He also recommended a few places for us to go to as LAVO isn't open on Thursday night for dancing... score!
Lavo rocked my world when I came here for BRUNCH. go with a hot group of ladies and have an awesome promoter. you get VIP service- line cut, table, bottle service and food. yea. Can't really get better than that. Gave out glow bands and sun glasses. Hot dancers everywhere. They allowed and promoted you to get on the table to dance which is so much fun. It was 2 pm but whatever, one of the most epic events that I have been to in Vegas. Drank movet champagne the good stuff. ate delicious italian style brunch- including salad, fries, mini pizza, chicken parm, more good stuff. Good music good vibes. !!! . Also came here at night because they gave us open bar and a table !! Did it large got hyphy, then bounced next door to XS for the real party.
I have to admit, it's been a while since I've thoroughly enjoyed myself at a Vegas club/lounge. No wait to get in, free drinks, and good music. When I mean good, I mean good as in not 100% house. Props to DJ Morsecode for laying out the variety. It was enough to get me on one of the platforms and tear sh*t up. We probably could have left and hopped over to another place, but we were comfortable with staying here. Smaller venues like this seem to produce more memories for myself and the people I'm with. This is something to consider if you'd like a break from the larger, more crowded clubs.
Husband took me here for my birthday dinner. Food was rich but excellent. Great, nice restaurant on the strip with still some what decent prices compared to some of the other fancy spots on the strip. Will definitely be back, had great service from everyone we encountered, and the Oreo Zeppolis (sp?) were to die for!
My group and I stayed across the street at TI and Lavo was the first spot to land right after we got all dolled up. It was about 11:30pm on a Friday and although the back of the house was probably pissed off at having to cook 5 medium rare stakes, prepare a huge seafood sampler and multiple appetizers right before closing, they did grrreat. I had a tasty, cooked-to-perfection medium rare bad boy with grilled asparagus. . . The chef sent over a COMPLIMENTARY 3-tier holder full of 9 double-patron shots. ;) Can you say pre-party? I think yes. Especially after our 3 or 4 shots of vodka prior and our hotel being within walking distance.  . . We were all on a great buzz when it came time to head upstairs to the club portion of Lavo. The club was veryyy packed. The music was great for a little two-step but it was just so crowded that you couldn't do much else. The fact that we all left soaking wet because of the bubbles and foam was a little interesting. I guess it helped us not be too hot, but it definitely left things sticky. There is not much area to lounge, but there is a pretty wide-open space by the bar that generally stays pretty open. You'll most likely be able to grab a seat there. . . Overall... we were looking for a fun place to be and this place gave us just that!
Went here last Wednesday (12/28/11) Got in at Midnight with promoter hookup. I went with my wife and some family. We had a BLAST! Danced until 3:30 am. The dance floor was crowded, like, just move your shoulders up and down crowded. We did that for a couple of songs and just headed to the bar. The entire club was packed and we actually got good service from the bar tenders. We found a little area by the back bar and just danced there and ordered drinks.. . Dance Floor = Small, but fun. MUSIC = I liked it! Bunch of great beats for Dancing.. DRINKS = A little pricey, but, it is Vegas! My wallet wasn't hurting after a night of drinking.. VIEW = Lots of good looking peeps to check out.. . We had a GREAT time here and would come back again. Others may have been disappointed or upset, but, I don't go out to clubs as much as I used to, and this was just plain fun! You do need to get over the fact that you get pushed and sometimes there is a line for the rest room, but, it's a club and you will find that at any other club, no matter how nice it is.. . I would definitely suggest finding a VIP promotionto get into this place. We did not wait long in the VIP line. . . Looking forward to going back!
Who's House?  Run's House!!!! . . Yes, it's Old School Wednesday's at Lavo with none other than the Reverend Run from RUN DMC!  I am a huge RUN DMC fan, so I just wanted to be int he same room with the legend, the icon, the man.  "MY A-D-D-I-DAS!" . . You'll hear all the classic old school songs.  This place was packed and everyone is dancing and singing all the words to every song!   Mad fun!   . . "Tick Top and you don't stop. . A Tick Top and you don't stop. Oooooohhh Ohhh Oh!   . I wanna sex you up!" - Color Me Badd
This was night two in Vegas. I was at Tao the night before but left after a short time because I was in a foul mood. I'll start this off by saying that I am not a club person at all so I'm hardly in a position to offer good pointers. However I had a good time here. I was in a substantially better mood and it doesn't hurt that we had our own private area....and bottle service so I guess I'd REALLY be a tool if I had a bad time after that. I like the layout of this place better than Tao. The bar is elevated and slightly away from the dance floor so it makes getting drinks easier, and the bathrooms are much more accessible than Tao. . The music was good and it was just a much more enjoyable time. I'm willing to wager that you would like this place if you're a little older (i.e.late 20's-mid 30's) and not quite as pre-occupied with the scene. Didn't seem to be as many douches. The only downside is that there are no hot chicks in bathtubs or in clear boudoir cubicles like there are at Tao. However, if having a good time is more important than being seen, you'll probably like this place.
I have been pleasantly surprised by LAVO.  We've hung out in the lounge area and upstairs in the club portion.  Awesome mixed drinks downstairs!   The door men are excellent.  They gave us a little grief getting in trying to charge us, and I pointed to my friend with great boobs wearing a short skirt and I said don't you want her in your club?  He smiled and moved the rope.  ;)
I cannot comment about the restaurant, but the nightclub is happenin! It's small...very small, and got packed quickly after 11 PM. But being small meant it was slightly easier to find the people you were supposed to be with.. . We had an open bar from 11-12 and the girls all had wristbands to get the free drinks (thanks to our promoter who got us on the guestlist and also got in our girls AND guys free).. . As for the dancing, the floor got packed...like REALLY packed. But the music was great and we had a lot of fun for an hour or two before hopping over to Tao. :)
This venue is really tiny!  However, this does make it easier to get to the front so you can jam out to the headlining DJs on Tuesdays :)  I have to come here to check out EDM all-star names like BT, Tiesto, Above & Beyond.  . . I must mention that their bartender PAUL is the friendliest bartender in ALL of Las Vegas.  We met him when Las Vegas Yelper Yuhi K. & I went to check out BT.  He served us up some super stiff drinks, and was overall had a very personable and nice personality.  Yuhi K. has informed me that she returned for the Above & Beyond event, and he remembered us.  Thumbs up way up for that, Paul!  Thanks Lavo, looking forward to more EDM nights.
We had two rounds here during my birthday celebration so the review is for the bar area only.. . The drinks are very expensive and the waitresses sit down next to you when they take your order.  Those were the only two things I did not like.  Other than that, this place oozes sexiness, classiness, and fun all at once.  . . Great martinis and great bar atmosphere.  I would have liked to get bottles here, but next time!
LAVO is located inside Palazzo Hotel. My first night out in Vegas and I went here for the DJ Chuckie event. We reserved a table so we didn't have to wait in that long line! When walking in you can see the restaurant part. Then you walk up a set of stairs and a hallway with a bunch of sinks lined across. I wasn't sure if it was just for decorations or for people to puke in while leaving the place at night. lol! I kept wondering how could there be a restaurant and a club in one, wouldn't it be too loud? But it wasn't! It was amazing how both sides placed completely different music but couldn't hear it from each side. . . This is a pretty small club compared to others in Vegas but it was a good size. We got a big booth that was right behind the DJ booth. They had sunglasses layer out with the DJ's name on it and the service was great. Our waitress was so attentive and made sure that we always were stocked with shots and chasers. . . The music was great here and the people were friendly. everyone was having a good time. I love that there are little cubbies for the girls to put their coats and bags inside. And they were hidden so people couldn't just see them out in the open. They gave out a bunch of glow sticks for people to wave around and L.M.F.A.O even made an appearance here!! The crowd went wild! It was a great night for me!
Came here on a Sunday night. Unfortunately choices for Sunday are limited in Vegas, but its Vegas, you can't really have a bad time there!. . Anyways, a couple promoters I talked to recommended Lavo for Sunday night. I was with 2 girls so we got to skip the line, get in for free, and got to drink at the promoters table. Good being a girl ain't it? Haha. Aside from the extra accommodating service, Lavo is a nice club. There's a walk way that's lined with water fountains or sinks? I forget, but that was kind of unique? Music was good. It was pretty crowded from my recollection. The layout of this place is different from other clubs, there's 2 sections of the club. One filled with tables and the other a bar area. . . I would come here again, but its not on my must-go list.
Lobster bisque was excellent. Kobe meatball was huge with ricotta cheese on top, very filling. The lobster ravioli was a little bit overrated because for $38 a plate you would think to be able to taste the lobster and the dungeness crab that was drizzled on top. The layer chocolate cake was huge, good for 4 people to share. It was very rich in flavor. Our waiter Casey was awesome. To drink I had the pomegranate lemonada it was to die for. I love the ambiance of the place.
Good drinks good service good friends good times
On a girl's trip, we decided to come here for our last Vegas dinner.... . It was so delicious! Everyone loved the bread but sad that they charge extra for every loaf after the first one. I think what really caught me was the atmosphere... for a Sunday night people were just chilling not going too crazy. The music was upbeat throughout the whole night. I actually felt like going dancing afterwards... :) But the girls were too tired so we'd skipped. . . I'm coming back soon!
Lavo nightclub was pretty fun, came here Friday night and enjoyed the vibe. The music wasn't my favorite, I prefer when a song I like is actually played for longer than 25 seconds before moving on. There is plenty of time to play the song, why ruin it by playing only a small portion. . . We did not eat here, so i cannot judge the food, but the club was nice, would come back, but not first choice.
I went here twice in one week.  Once for dinner, and once to the club quite a bit later.  For dinner, I would've rated this 3 stars. Nothing wrong with it, nice atmosphere, good service, decent food.  But that's it. The club, on the other hand, was great.. . We were there on a Wednesday night, so most other clubs weren't exactly buzzing.  This place was.  It was busy, yet the servers were always there for you.  Drinks were good, I wasn't paying so of course they tasted extra good.. . I would definitely come here when in Vegas again.  For dinner though, I'd find another spot first.. . P.S. Don't wash your hands in one of those Roman style sinks in the hallway...I know they are already turned on for you, but you will not find paper towels to dry them off with...;)
Dinner was fabulous! Our group ordered 1) one of the steaks with a huge side of garlic mashed potatoes, 2) the louie salad with lobster and shrimp, 3) spaghetti carbonara, 4) a bolognese pasta dish and 5) I got the chicken parmagiani. . . The service was top-notch and worthy of an upscale restaurant: they refolded your napkin if you got up to use the restroom or go to the bar, they knew to refill ladies' water glasses first, etc. They even had a restroom attendant to hand you paper towels. They even gave us a free round of drinks for our group of five because they couldn't seat us until 30 minutes after our reservation. (This wasn't off-putting for us, since it was a fun atmosphere.). . The portions are quite large and worth the price. They are known for their giant meatballs, which we unfortunately did not sample. However, they do provide free garlic bread with marinara which the table fought over.. . The ambiance gives off fun vibes, but it is very noisy.. . If you dine there, you get free admission to the club upstairs.
Came here on a Friday night. It started out kinda slow but soon was packed and had alot of people on the dance floor. We ending up dancing for hours. It was a really fun place to shake your booty. They played really good music..not too much hip hop.. There were some really good looking people and the drinks were being made nice and strong. All in all a very fun night!!
I honestly don't know a single thing about how the food was - I came here specifically for the club.  So this review will consider all things CLUB wise.. . . The only thing I really knew about Lavo is that it was the sister to Tao, the insanely popular restaurant/nightclub located in the Venetian.  . . First of all, the line-up they've been getting have been awesome as far as this House Music Fan is concerned.  My man BT, Gabriel and Dresden, just some powerhouses as far as trance goes.  I'm all over it!  I was a little wary, though, as I've gone to clubs to go see a particular DJ/artist and had to spend bank and wait forever and be subjected to someone's judgement if I was tall, rich, hot enough to be there and just waiting to see if the actual experience itself was good enough to justify the trial to get in.  . . WELL, how did LAVO measure up?. . I came on a Tuesday night about 11:30pm.  I was dressed in all black with dress shoes, button down dress shirt, and dress pants.  My partner in crime came punk-ish and we had a concern that her in her boots and torn but fashionista style would be barred.  Thankfully, we were let in about a ten minute wait in line and after presenting IDs, were let in for free.  Woo!. . I'll admit, it is a little off-putting to walk over the restaurant to get to the actual "club," as you are looking down on the diners and such but it quickly gives way to the actual club space which makes you forget exactly where you are.  The Roman Bath theme is pretty nice - understated but elegant with abstract lighting.  The rows of fountains leading in are nice touch as well.  . . The actual dance/bar/lounge space is a little smaller than I'd like but we did find a corridor that allowed us to  talk and hang (right outside the girl's bathroom), so we were able to enjoy our drinks without feeling too impacted.  When we walked in I was NOT too happy as security was rushing past us with a group of people trying to find a place for them.  My partner in crime informed me that one of the people in the group was a Kardashian so that explained the unmitigated, UNNECESSARY hysteria that was that entourage.  Wanting nothing to do with that circus, I made a point of staying as far away as I could from that.   (Sorry, I don't watch television, don't care about celebrities, don't care that you're famous for basically contributing nothing to society in terms of science/art/charity/concepts.). . BT comes on and does an hour and a half set between two DJs.  I thought this set was a little short but WHO CARES, he's my favorite artist and he did a few of his own songs which was pretty cool.  YAY BT.. . The swag was pretty cool and I got a kick out of the golden dancing Buddha.  I wonder if they got him on loan.  . . FRIENDLY bouncers/security.  . BONUS POINTS for the security guy who saw someone trying to light their cigarette and offered them a light.  Gentleman you are, sir.. . SHORT VERSION: . On a Tuesday: 10 minute wait to get in.  Slightly crowded.  Vodka/Cran = $9.  Friendly staff.  Would go back again.
This review is for 2 parts - the Day club/brunch and the Night club!. . 1) Day club brunch: My girls and I showed up for the day club (dancing only, no food) on St. Patty's day and was promptly whisked in. The biggest drawback is the layout of Lavo (the first floor at least). The majority of the space was taken up by diners (with amazing smelling food) and thus left almost no space to dance. My group of 8 found a small space underneath the dancer girl in bathtub (don't ask...she was hot though). . . Music was solid (mostly house). Drinks were standard price ($14?) and the free green ish being passed around was an added plus. Green foam sticks, green glow sticks, green shamrock head gear - the works! We were next to the go-go dancers and we could not stop drooling at this one mixed Asian chick. She was weeeeeerking it! I'm in love. . . 2) Returned later that evening with our cute little Asian promoter. She walked us in, got us a table near the bar and a round of drinks! We started dancing on the couch before a bouncer stopped us ... and told us to dance on the ledge instead! There is a cushion on the couch that can be removed and the sweet waitresses told us to keep all our purses in there! So accommodating :') Music was mainly hip-hop, so definitely got back to my roots. . . Lavo is a solid part of my Vegas club rotations :) Definitely check it out!
Had one wild night at Lavo, woke up Monday morning and had to venture out of our suite at the Venetian in search for the ice machine so I could ice a half dozen bumps and bruises on my legs, still not sure how they got there! Yes, I got a little wild :) but from what I remember of my evening here, it was fabulous. Our company hosted an opening night party here for the ASD Show - so things started out right downstairs with a glass of Pinot and their meatballs. Yummm! We came upstairs and I'm not sure how many cocktails I had but we had an entire section behind the DJ to ourselves so lots of space for me to lounge out and kick up my heels after dancing for hours. I really like the little cut out shelves all over the place and especially on the dance floor for your drinks. The bathrooms are clean, the bartenders were all pretty cute - all in all fun little spot! Whoever the gentleman was that kept telling me I was "the hottest chick ever", thank you! Of course I don't know the prices, because I rarely pay, and if I do - we all know good food and alcohol have no price tag ;) but Absolute Vodka was compted for about 2 hrs, so I may have had 5 or 6 drinks - yep Good Times!
dolla. bills. in. da. air.. . They take it really literal at this club. No cover charge and was able to bypass the long ass line that extended to the cold outside. Free drinks. Grabbed about $35 flying dollar bills. Pooled with other friends, we had a net gain of around $50+. Hm, that sounds like a good deal. Needless to say, I was ELATED! Used it for taxis and tips. WIN. Get a promoter. Yes, even you groups of girls! Much faster and less frustrating to be walk in with a promoter than wait mindlessly in lines. . . There is a lounge/restuarant/chilling area with a bathroom on the bottom floor. You have to climb a couple of flights of stairs to get to the loud, and I mean LOUD (the volume had our ears RINGING- it really could have been turned down a LOT), dance floor. I lost my shoe like Cinderella during this plight four times. Then there is a pretty..bizarre row of sinks? Then comes the dance floor. . . There was a HUGE crowd because there wasa convention earlier that day, slightly an older crowd I guess. The music was pretty good, but like I said, way too loud. Joined a table, so we had a bigger space to dance. The bouncers were a little mean and was very anal about having me put on shoes. Sigh. They were really particular about having a portion of the VIP section unoccupied for people to walk? Idks! Obviously they have never worn heels before. But other than that,  a very fun time. The "shots" that the staff were making were DELICIOUS and FRUITY! Not quite sure how much was alcohol, but it was the girly-est and most delicious shots ever. . . My highlight is still the flying dollar bills. Oh Vegas. You are so funny, sometimes.
If your looking for Italian food in Las Vegas I challenge you to find something better than LAVO but do yourself a favor and come extra hungry because the portions are not only delicious but massive as well. I had the largest chicken parmigiana I have ever seen.
We received line passes because we stayed at the Venetian. We arrived close to midnight and we were whisked right to the front of the line w/ no cover. Yeah, the place was crowded but the DJ had the place bumping and everyone was chill. Not too bad of a challenge to get drinks. I prefer this place to the clubs at the Palms sans Ghost Bar. There were a lot of girls in groups who were looking for guys to dance with and there are several places people can stand on to get a better view. . . We had a drink in the bar before the club opened and I liked the vibe. The bartenders were smoking and the clientele were chill. Inside the club they also have shot waitresses coming around and you can see by the girl in the left's pic she got pretty $hitfaced. Had to call it a night early around 2ish and my friend gave her a personal tour of his room - LOL
I love coming to Las Vegas.  It's loaded with celebrity chefs and fine dining.  My first stop was Lavo.  I have eaten here before with co-creator Matt Harwood. It's places like this that inspire us to replicate what we ate.. Read more here: http://www.bougiefood.com/?p=316
Tasty food...try the meatballs.  The price point is really reasonable.  The chicken parmigiana isn't as good as the one at the Palm, which is disappointing since it is a signature dish.  But all in all, the dishes were really good and the service was awesome.  Definitely try this place if you want delicious food in a cool atomsphere.
My co workers and I took a break from our Halloween Event at Lavo to have dinner. Though packed and on Halloween night, we recieved excellent service.. The Meatballs are so soft and so tasty you almost don't want to share.. The calamari was lightly battered and crispy. Loved it!!!. The Brick Oven margherita Pizza is made to be shared and savored!!!. The Chopped Louie Salad had large chunks of lobster and plenty of shrimp.. I'll be back!!!!
While on a girls vegas trip we ventured in for dinner. We ordered several different plates for everyone to share. The food was great, the decor is amazing and the service was good. After dinner we ventured upstairs to the club, they had great music  but like most everything in vegas, it caters to men. Half naked women in roman attire were hired as eye candy for the men, I think they forgot that we need some eye candy as well.
I went here last month for my birthday...It was great! I had reservations which are a must or you will be waiting for hours for a table. I waited like 20 min for my table with reservations.... . Anywho...I ordered the giant meatball with the cheese on it...the best meatball eva! It was so tasty, not dry, perfectly seasoned...my tastebuds are salivating just thinking about it lol. I wish they could ship me a meatball lol. I had it with some spaghetti. It was good, but adding the meatball made it taste awesome. They gave us some table bread with marinara. That kept is going while waiting for the food. Also they have a live dj inthe restaurant spinning beats. I was dancing at the table the whole time too which was pretty cool. Made the waiting for your meal not so bad while eating the bread.. . I told them it was my birthday and they brought me a strawberry shortcake dessert! It was also very delicious. That was the best birthday dessert by far from all the restaurants I ate at. And it was free! Just make sure in your reservations you tell them you are celebrating your birthday and voila free awesome tasty dessert!. . We went to the club afterwards...I suggest dining where you want to club as you get line cuts and don't have to wait and it's free. . . After getting up there...lawd it was too crowded and people were pushing..we got the heck outta there and went somewhere else..oh well..no matter I just went to bed and the next morning had leftover meatball for breakfast lol
Let me start off by saying that I never actually tried the food.  I was interested in the Night Club portion of this establishment.  There are several people on the outside trying to ensure that everyone stays in line.  Depending on who is checking names and stamping wrist, this can be a time consuming process.  I did not have too long of a wait either time I went.  . . Tuesday night, down stairs, in the lounge area, they were playing a nice hip hop/r&b mixture, and you had sever inebriate people making attempts to look cool dancing, which is always a plus for me!  The design is puzzling because the decorum is nice for the lounge area, but they forgot to include a dance area, so people usually dance in the walk way leading to the outside seating area and/or around the bar.  . . Upstairs was techno night.  LOTS of energy in the place.  I really enjoyed the energy, even though Techno music is quite repetitive in sound.  . . One of the club promoters saw me before I left and told me they wanted me to come back Wednesday and that they were putting me on the guest list.. . Wednesday, I am back to see if it was worth my time.  Turns out it was the 1 year anniversary of hip hop Wednesday.  Downstairs had nice music and a nice crowd.  Upstairs was crazy packed with all kinds of people and the energy in the room was bananas.  I was enjoying the nice mixture of every coast of music and in walks Reverend Run of Run DMC fame and takes the energy and fun to an entire different level/hemisphere/planet!  . . Needless to say, I enjoyed myself here.  I don't know what the food taste like or I may have just given this place 5 stars.
Kobe stuffed rice ball!!!
This rating is more aimed that restaurant versus the nightclub, but I will give my take on both.. . Lavo, as an italian restaurant, is one of my favorites in the city, and probably my favorite on the strip.  The food here is outstanding, and I've yet to try anything that I haven't enjoyed thoroughly.  From the softball-sized meatballs, to the flatbread pizzas, to the chicken parm, to the deep-fried oreos, EVERYTHING is great.  One of the great things about Lavo is that it's doable on a budget as well - you can have a nice dinner for two splitting an appetizer/salad and a flatbread pizza, and walk out for under $30 per person and experience one of Vegas' best restaurants.  The service is wonderful, and more than happy to help set you up with entry into the club upstairs if you desire.  The atmosphere here is great, but loud, and if definitely geared toward a younger crowd.  If you don't like booming electronic music (I happen to love it), or if you like a lot of conversation, you might want to either dine here very early, or find some place else entirely.  . . I do need to pause here to make a specific note about what is probably the single greatest dessert I've ever eaten, and that is the deep fried oreos.  I don't want (or need) to say anything more - just try them.  Seriously.  . . . The nightclub is...umm...intimate.  All Vegas clubs are crowded, it's a fact of life, but Lavo somehow goes a step above crowded to 'claustrophobically crowded'.  Other than that, you get your typical Vegas club fair, both good and bad.  Lavo is owned by Tao Group, who also run Marquee, so it's not uncommon to see big names in this small club, especially on Tuesday nights which has been re-branded as 'All-Night Tuesdays' and offers a very, very impressive rotating line-up of not just big, but HUGE name DJs by the likes of Above & Beyond, Sander van Doorn, Dash Berlin, Gareth Emery, and more.  . . . Bottom line: the restaurent is a can't miss, the nightclub, not so much.
This is an update for the nightclub portion of Lavo, which previous I was not a huge fan of; however, after going last night, I have to say that this place is a totally different animal on a weeknight, and especially during their 'AllNight Tuesday' parties.  We waited in line for about 20 minutes, but considering I was going with my 2 guys friends, we got in fairly quickly, and for free (with local IDs).  When we walked in the club was hopping, but not overcrowded as Lavo normally is on weekends.  Getting a drink from the bar was quick and easy, and we made out way to the very front of the dancefloor by the DJ booth easily.  . . This trip to Lavo was really like night and day compared to the first.  The sound system seems to have been upgraded, the security was great (and was even dancing and having fun with the guests rather than standing with their typical air of contempt).  The intimate feel of this place really shined through last night, and I can honestly say it's the most fun I've had at a Vegas club in a long time (it also helps that Above & Beyond were spinning as well).  . . I'd still be hesitant about visiting Lavo on a weekend, but if you're in town on a Tuesday and love electronic music (especially trance), DO NOT sleep on Lavo, this place is definitely a gem.
I went here with a group as part of a conference, and we were served a fixed menu. I'm vegan, and they were very accommodating, even though we weren't ordering off of the standard menu. The service was great, andthe waiter said they'd bring me something. The salad was simple but the dressing was delicious, and the waiter came by twice to give me extra. The pasta was especially good, and was served with the largest head of broccoli that I've ever seen.. . Great food, attentive service, and they wanted to make sure we were happy.
Wento LAVO over the memorial Weekend... tried to check this place out since it was FREE for us since we stayed at the Venetian Hotel and Resort. . . Overall, the music was ok., didn't like the atmosphere much... felt like its a little closed and humid at times... people sweating and etc, wouldn't make it pleasant. or at least by controlling the crowd I  would say the problem would be solved - well at least 80%. . . Good thing it had in and outs, so we got some fresh air and went back in after playing a little poker game. . . I would go back, lets see how the second experience is.
**LAVO the RESTAURANT - Thumbs Up***. . ///PROS///. - Great decor--(reminded me of Tao NY), lighting, ambiance and menu. - Get the meatball w/ a salad--plenty of food for a late night dinner for two before dancing. The meatball is amazing--plus we were surprised by the price in a good way. One would think this to be more given the size.. - Shared servers--but all were very nice, hospitable, friendly and attentive. No complaints at all.. - One waiter did try to find better olives for my husbands martini's in the kitchen, he did bring some albeit not actual martini olives. Much thanks for trying!. - Great tunes (a cross between electronica and top 40 dance)--made for a fun atmosphere. . ///CONS///. - Host/Hostess appear bored/annoyed--you can almost see their eyes roll inside their heads. - If you like martini's with good olives this is not the spot. My husband was very disappointed by the baseline bar olives (and surprisingly they are far worse than say a Cheesecake Factory (when we go with our son). Martini's are all about the quality of gin or vodka--and olives. We were quite surprised for an Italian menu that olives were not a core here.. . ///IF YOU GO...///. - You'll get access to Lavo the Club w/out a huge line/fee. . ///NO COMMENT///. - Outdoor seating. We'd actually had a reservation for outside-but decided to stay inside as the ambiance seemed like a lot of fun. We noticed there were lots of smokers out there--so we probably wouldn't have liked that very much anyway.. . ///WOULD WE EAT AT LAVO AGAIN?///. - Definitely, but kind of unlikely as we don't plan to stay at The Palazzo again. . . . ***LAVO the Club - BRIDGE & TUNNEL ****. . ///PROS///. - Very short wait coming from the restaurant. - Amazing hall between stairs and club--cool sinks with water on lined both sides of a floating walk-way. Very cool.. - VIP tickets to Tao Beach (although we'd planned on going to Azure so didn't need them). . ///CONS///. Where do I begin?. - Bridge & Tunnel--that's what we'd call it in SF in terms of the people, messy drunks, dress, attitude, atmosphere and music. - Hip Hop Galore. We'd asked one of our waiters about Lavo/Tao (bc we were looking for electronica DJ's) so we knew this was probably NO the spot--and it was confirmed. THANK GOD my husband had not secured a table (as per our original plan) bc we lasted 5 min. I simply can NOT stand the music and vibe.. - So friggin' small--even if you like that sort of music. The "large screen" behind the DJ was smaller than our projector at home. And the laser "art" laughable. The DJ looked like they were spinning on a (horrible) Carnival Cruise I'd experienced circa 1994. Everything about the design was off/wrong--and def. NOT cool/modern/hip. To improve--I'd suggest changing that screen to something larger--and put something on there that is hip/fresh in relation to the music. For hip-hop--gritty city photos (style of How to Make in in America would be good inspiration).. - Did I mention you cannot move--let alone dance (again if you like the music) without seriously rubbing up against some sweaty bodies? Ew.. . ///IF YOU GO...///. - Go to the restaurant to shorten access time (we did notice non-restaurant folks were in a huge line that was not moving--and it was seriously packed upstairs). - Get a table if you need a seat, a breather from sweaty/drunk folks and just need a lil' space. . - Investigate the DJ before you plop down any dough--and make sure it's tunes you dig (we would NOT have been happy had we spent any cash on this one). - Have low expectations of a club. If you've been to clubs in Paris, NY (Limelight, Tunnel, Webster Hall), Philly (The Bank, Tracadero, Black Banana), SF (1015, Ruby Skye) to name a few--you will not be luvin' this club regardless of the tunes.. . . ///WOULD WE TRY LAVO THE CLUB AGAIN?///. - Hells to the NO.. . . . ***SEE OUR OTHER REVIEWS***. . + The Palazzo. + Lavo. + Lavo the Club. + Azure the Beach Club. + Tao Club. + Sushi Samba
*Restaurant review only*. . Definitely not the best pasta and dessert I've had.  I think I've had more enjoyable food at Olive Garden!  But I'm giving it four stars for their outdoor patio.  It has an amazing view of the Strip and probably the best view on that end of Las Vegas Blvd. since Social House (which moved to Crystals at City Center).  Try and get a seat out here on a warm night.  Such great ambiance and fun music playing, and you might even get to see the pirate show across the street at TI, which, as cheesy as it is, I kind of like hehe :)  . . I would come back here alone for the outdoor seating.  I would just make sure to order something else.  I had their Rigatoni Melanzana.  It sounded and looked plain (aka safe) enough in pictures so I decided to get it.  It had some funky taste to it though and I did not like it at all.  My dining companion had the Penna Alla Vodka which I got to try a little bit of and I definitely liked it better.  For dessert we had their tiramisu which I wasn't crazy about.  I've definitely had better.  I wish I had known about their fried oreos!  It wasn't on their menu and the server made no mention of some of the desserts I've read about in their reviews.  If I come back I'll ask if there are any off-menu dessert specials.  . . What was good though was the complimentary bread and dipping sauce that came with our meal - delicious!!  I also enjoyed my cocktail too, their Uva Bianco aka "grape drank" haha.  I'd come back for those things and their amazing outdoor patio.  It was busy on the Sunday night we were there for our late 10pm dinner so make reservations if you come here.  Definitely a "see and be seen" kind of place so come looking your spiffiest!
As a club, I like it.  A lot.. . Yeah, it's small.  There's no floors upon floors of dance floors, but it does enough to give everybody a good time.. . Not only is the bottle service affordable, if you don't finish what you have -- you can take it back to your room.. . As for the music?  Awesome.  We were fortunate enough to see Lupe Fiasco doing his own set... and I was like whattt?  Lupe Fiasco?!  He DJs?!  He does, and he's not bad at all.. . Good crowds of people too.  As soon as I sat down, folks at the other table were talking to me.. . But once the music started playing I got crazy.  I even got up on the table wall thingies and literally freaked every girl on them.  I quickly went down after first glimpse of seeing a bouncer tell someone to get off... but as soon as he was gone, it was back to the top! . . I literally did that all night.  Yes, I was still recovering from my 4-foot Fat Tuesday, but Lavo was just a smackin good time.. . Drinks are the $15 you'd expect in Vegas, but screw it I had bottle service.. . I even danced with our bottle service host.  She was a looker too.
came to the restaurant for dinner on a saturday night (after a rager of a wedding at the little white chapel). we had reservations for 11pm and the restaurant was pretty much empty. . . i tried the following:. *crispy fried calamari ($17) - it was good, but probably not worth the $17.. *penne seafood alfredo w/ shrimp & scallops ($31) - YUM. gobbled this thing up. hard to go wrong with alfredo sauce & shrimp but still it was a solid entree.. *french fries w/ truffle ($10) - truffle fries are always good - these were no exception.. . everything was great. could have been because i had partied beforehand but i thought it was a good, reasonably priced dinner spot.
This is for the lounge: came here during New Years' 2012 holiday weekend, and entered the lounge via the guest list. It was free for ladies and open bar until 11:30 pm!! The music was good and we had a blast! We got stamped and had wristbands that allowed us to go to Tao after 12:30 pm. The entire night was awesome because we only had to mobilize from one property to another. We didn't have to wait in any major lines and the promoters took care of us. . . The icing on the cake: being able to walk to the Grand luxe cafe for drunk people dining. It's a ritual for us when in Vegas!!
Went here with a group of fellas for a Bachelor party dinner and night club experience.  . . We ordered a meatballs appetizer as well as garlic bread.  The meatball was fantastic and the garlic bread was also very tasty.  My entree was the crispy chicken which was weird because I was expecting it to be like a fried chicken plate but was pleasantly surprised to see it was grilled.  It came with potatoes and was very good.  They gave a pretty generous helping of chicken.  There weren't a ton of potatoes that came with it, but after finishing my entree I felt full and content.  No room for dessert, so I can't comment on their dessert offerings.  . . The price is high, but not too crazy for the ambiance and the portion sizes.  I was expecting to get less food than I did, but was pleasantly surprised.. . The nightclub was a little small, but it was a fun time.  Apparently Jerry Rice was there, but I was too busy getting shot down by every woman on the face of the planet to notice that.
LMFAO made a surprise visit with their entourage! Love their "outta control" fashion! . It is a bit small but was fun! Too much foam...makes the floors so slippery and it's hard to dance. . . Horrible incident happened but security acted on it quick! Ths guy was trying to dance with all us girls. My friend who told him to leave us alone got stomped on her foot by him and his boot! Green giant monster ran away, we could not find him. . . I flashed my iPhone on her foot because I saw something black...it was blood! That terrible man, busted her pinky toe wide open. Security took her back to their paramedic team ( yes they have their own paramedics!!) and stitched her up. Unbelievable night. . . I am a big time hand washer, so YOU know I was walking down the entrance and io lavarsi le mani nel lavandinos!!! love it!. . Grazie mile! Party Rock!
Had a really good experience on a Wednesday night at both the restaurant and the club. . . It was a nice night, so we sat on the patio which is a very nice spot.  Has the potential to get crowded quickly.  Started off with the Meatball with whipped ricotta. Ive definitely had better Kobe meat balls (Sorellina in Boston). If I eat there again, I will not order the meat ball. I had Chilean Sea Bass and it was a very good dish with very bright flavors and cooked perfectly. Our server was excellent. I believe his name was Arthur.   This is not my favorite place in Vegas but it was an overall good experience. . . My biggest gripe was how much hell the staff gives you about going up to the night club after you've paid Vegas prices to eat there. The bouncers are the worst, unnecessarily rude and on some stupid power trip.  Once in the club, we found a good spot right at the bar, closest to the dance floor.  this is a very small club, but they were playing awesome music.
Great service, great food, great view (Treasure Island pirate show).  We go to vegas to dine and we found this restaurant to be a gem.  It is in the Palazzo (connected to the Venetian), and I would say the pizza and pasta is a must.  We went with our 2 small daughters, and the wait staff and server made them feel at home.  Thank you!!!!!
TINY little club located above the beautiful Lavo restaurant. The nightclub has definitely lost some of it's luster over the years, but I still find myself coming in for several reasons.. . 1. Free entry and OPEN BAR for girls. 2. They pour pretty heavy here, which means....lot's of free booze for the girls. . 3. Really sweet bartenders (PAUL: You're awesome!). 4. Open on Sunday nights. . Yes, this place isn't nearly as nice as XS or even it's sister venue, Tao, but it's pretty low key (so you don't have to wait in line FOREVER). It's a great place to start your night :D
We came to get into the nightclub on a friday night, before midnight. . . - VCard gets you in right away! 30+ people in line, and we get in like a boss.. - Sink entrance fail. lol. reminds me of home depot! I guarantee you will wash your hands xD.. - Girls tickling each other with large white feathers. o___O!. - Mouth picture decor. (- O -). - Get on the dance floor right away! 20 mins into the club, you'll be right in the center, dancing!. - "YALL go make me lose ma mind! and MOVE B-TCH" DMX and Luda not good.. - Human Sardine!. - Seating okay! After bumping elbows and spilled drinks on the shirt, relax next to AC + a leather couch :). - Stay for an hour or so. Grab a flash stick. Continue the night elsewhere. Too much sweat on sweat.
Food was good with a lot of selections.  I was here twice and noticed the portions of food was more when eating at the "restaurant" section than eating at the "bar" section.  Waiters were friendly.. . Since both time that I came was on the weekend and during dinner time, the atmosphere was dark (as if getting ready for a club) but was very noisy.  Eating outside would be better if you prefer the Las Vegas Blvd view; plus Treasure Island music and the occassional show.  I would recommend checking LV weather before deciding to sit outside.. . One gripe I had was the additional waiting.  I still have to wait ANOTHER 30min even though I made a reservation.  However, reservation is still recommended; unless you come at and off-peak time or if the bar section has available seating.  Since I was a party of two, I felt they made us wait until a "table for two" was available and you felt cramp sitting next to other guests.  The worst part is seeing bigger groups of people just walk in and and grab seats before you.
Best meatballs I've ever had. . . Should have written this review earlier. Basically, we had a party of 10 and we tried a variety of appetizers and entrees. Everything turned out amazing and our drinks were super delicious as well!. . It was a great pick for our last night in vegas. :)
Reviewing the restaurant, not the club - . . Came here on a Friday night with my 6 buddies. We have a 7:30 reservation and were sat immediately. It was a nice night so we chose to sit outside. Ended up being a good call because it offers a pretty cool view of the strip. We even got to catch some fireworks from the pirate show over at Treasure Island.. . Anyway - our waitress was great. She recommended a bottle of Pinot Noir which turned out to be very good wine. We had heard that the meatballs were their specialty, so we ordered 3 of them for the table. Wow, just like everyone else has said, it was incredible, and the 7 of us housed them in about 2 minutes. For my entree I had the Chicken Marsala, which I enjoyed but it was nothing to write home about (kind of a standard dish I suppose, though). For dessert we shared the fried oreos. Didn't see much talk of these in the reviews, but oh my god you have to order those as well. . . Overall a really enjoyable experience and I'd definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas.
This review will be for both the restaurant and the nightclub, since we did both. I was in town last weekend for a stagette and this is where we went on Saturday night. . . We arrived at the restaurant around 7:45p and were seated right away. We had originally made our reservation for 8:30p, but they somehow lost it and when we called to confirm, (after kind of a lot of hassle) we were told that the only time they could seat us would be 7:45p. No big deal, we were already ready to go out, so we took the earlier time and away we went. After we were seated, our waiter came over immediately to give us a rundown of the menu and he brought us probably the most delicious garlic bread I've ever had. We tore through the bread in a matter of minutes and proceeded to order the beef carpacciao, a meatball appetizer (literally, the size of a softball), rigatoni bolognese, grilled branzino, spaghetti w/more meatballs, and a seafood pasta. Everything was delicious, and I can see why they're famous for their meatballs. SO GOOD. We had a bottle of wine with the appetizers, individual glasses of wine with dinner, and two rounds of after dinner drinks. No dessert. Total bill for 4 ladies = $442.50. Not bad considering we sat there for over 3 hours eatingand drinking. They even threw in a shot of tequila for the bachelorette!. . After dinner (around 11p), we headed upstairs to the club/lounge. We were escorted up by our waiter and given VIP wristbands. We walked inside and were immediately greeted by some really fun 70's disco/Michael Jackson mash-ups. The bar area was packed and drinks were a bit expensive, but whatever. The decor is gorgeous, all Tuscan style and really cozy. The ladies room was uncrowded, unfussy and dimly lit, with a really nice bathroom attendant, which I appreciate when I've got wet hands and I'm trying to manage my clutch, my drink, and fumble around trying to get some hand towels. I found this place to be more like a lounge rather than a massive annoying Vegas club. We danced for a few hours then left in search of pizza. . . All-in-all, a really great experience at both places and a super fun night. I will definitely go back, and I would have given 5 stars had they not screwed up our reservation.
Great lounge. Flatbread pizza tremendous.
AMAZING Food! AMAZING WAITERS! We were with a HUGE party like 100+ people and it was the best time i've ever had in a fancy restaurant. Food was soooooo good I can't even begin. The waiters were all A:so cute b: so nice c:soo funny. We were playing games at our table with them and they totally just played along. I didn't have to pay for this meal so price didn't matter to me, but for a NICE begas restaurant the prices didn't seem to bad!
Dined here on a Thursday evening as a walk-in, before the club filled in. Sat outdoors which was pleasant and scenic. Oyster sampler for appetizer - super fresh and sweet. Spaghetti with Kobe beef meatballs for entree... the best meatballs I've ever had. The table shared a warm banana and chocolate pudding and a strawberry ricotta cheesecake... both of which were incredible. Service was extremely slow, especially the long waits for dishes to be cleared and for the payment to be processed. But it's Vegas and I was relaxed so not a huge deal. Would absolutely dine there again, and without question I would order any dish that featured Lavo's meatballs.
We got hooked up with a promoter on a Wednesday night who got us free bottle service (until the table was sold, which didn't happen), except we had to share with another group of girls. And the tables are TINY, so... it got pretty crowded. Anyways, open bar till 12:30AM, then bottle service with the promoters so it all worked out.. . There was a convention of some sort so the beginning of the night saw a crowd of older folks, so the DJ catered the music towards them. Once they cleared out, he started spinning more hip hop, which was great cuz hip hop is hard to find in Vegas.. . The security guard assigned to our table was awesome, really funny and he even escorted my friend to the restroom cuz she didn't know where it was.. . Watch out for those tricky tables! The glass is sloped at the end so if you place your drink too close to the edge, your drink will end up all over your shoes.. . The club is quite small (it's the same size as a club in Vancouver! Lame) so it gets pretty packed on the dance floor.. . A night of highs (free drinks, great music & people) & lows (too many free drinks, people getting kicked out [not me!]), but a great time overall.
Try the chicken marsala! The food was good and the ambiance was nice. I thought it as a bit pricey (but hey, it is vegas), and the service was slow... we had to go to the bar in between drinks to continue getting drinks. . . We went up to the club afterward which was crowded, but there were lots of cheesy things that happened... shooting streamers, etc. Wasn't a huge fan of that. I'd go back for the food, but prob not to the club.
This was the the for the Las Vegas RNR marathon after party and it definitely didn`t disappoint!! Those of us that had our VIP passes (from the race) skipped the wait in line and got right in. Three levels of Lavo. First one being the bar with cushy seatings and small cozy tables, packed of course. Second level more small tables ( Lavo is an Italian restaurant and night club). Third level, club area-packed, and really small. Kind of hard to walk through but we did have a blast over all!! I kept hearing about their ragu with big balls (as in meatballs) and decided on my next visit to try them, everyone keeps raving about these balls!!
This is a review of the NIGHTCLUB portion of the venue.. . It's a pretty midgety place compared to its Venetian cousin, the Tao Nightclub. Definition wise, it should be considered a Ultra Lounge instead. Very small dance floor, but it does attract a more laid back crowd than Tao. . . If you are not into Asians, don't come to Lavo or Tao. Because I am definitely not attracted to Asians, and in both my experiences here and Tao, damn Asians are fucking everywhere around me. . . Be sure to come over early, because the lines do extend past the front doors of the Palazzo casino at around 10:45.
This review is for the nightclub which was an experience to say the least. We got two VIP tables with a bottle of vodka comped since we knew one of the club promoters. This came with our own security guard and waitress which both provided great service including lighting up the drink menu with flashlights, taking pictures for us and quickly cleaning up any of the many spilled drinks we had. The only downside to Lavo was how expensive the alcohol was - cheapest bottle was 375 dollars, shots starting at 15. I'll definitely be back for round two at some point.
Nightclub review: Surprisingly not too bad. . Vegas during NYE weekend is always a hot mess. We were staying at Palazzo & had a pretty crappy ratio (more guys than girls overall, though last minute, some of the guys decided not to go clubbing & we had an even ratio) so we decided to try our luck at LAVO. Especially because it was FREEZING outside and no one wanted to trek out of the hotel. If you are a guest at the hotel, you can get yourself on the Concierge's guestlist. But honestly, I'm not sure how strict they are with guestlist because the promoter/bouncers didn't even check a list. All they cared about was how many females are in your party. . . the good:. - guys can (potentially) get in free if you have at least a 1:1 ratio. which we did have, but SOME SHIESTY PARTY OF GUYS in front of us absorbed our party and TOOK OUR FREE GUY PASSES. What d-bags. So our guys had to pay $30 each. . - we were there for Vice Sunday and the music was REALLY GOOD. Mostly hip hop & the mixes were awesome. . - Lines were pretty short around 10:30pm. . - they threw out free glowsticks!!! . . the bad:. - dance floor is ridiculously small. packed like sardines. which is serious buzzkill for those of us who likes to dance!
good food! I had the Louis salad (with lobster) and the sea bass. Both tasted very fresh. Cocktails are good too. Then it's noisy and quite dark, but it's part of the fun I guess.
Dammit. Thought I wrote a review for this forever ago. Maybe not so ill keep it short. . HIP HOP ON THE STRIP!!!!!!!. Ok. I'm done. . . This club is a little small for vegas standards. I went here on Halloween ( a few years ago so sorry for the delayed review) but I remember really enjoying the music and the party people. This would be included on my favorite night out should I come back again which I have plans too soon. . . So yay for good music.
LAVO is not like the typical night clubs in Vegas.  It looks like a restaurant first and foremost with a lounge attached to it.  My friends and I visited during CES so all of Vegas was packed!  We first tried our luck at Tao but the line was wrapped around the shops so we decided to try LAVO.  We decided against getting a bottle at LAVO just because it was so small and we weren't sure how long we were going to stay.  We ended up making the right decision because the nice part about LAVO is that they allowed us to sit at the tables without having to purchase bottle service.  The drinks were expensive and nothing to special about them but typical Vegas nightclub pricing but they sure were strong.  The DJ that they had that night was just a house DJ but he was pretty good; spinning mostly top 40 with a bit of EDM and house mixed in.  I would recommend LAVO if you're looking for a smaller club experience and a place to chill with some friends that doesn't require bottle service to have a good time.
We were on a guest list so didn't have to queue... So I don't know if my review would be the same if I had to wait too long in line.. Anyway, good music, good service, nice place. I didn't have diner there.
This review is for the Restaurant.. . Good italian food, vast menu. I had heard from many people about their signature meatballs and they did not dissapoint, we did the giant meatball appetizer and it was more than enough to share amongst 4 people. Nice decor and atmoshere, only complaint is the dining room was very cold and never get cold so for me to say that it had to be chilly. Service was good, friendly staff. . . There are so many great Italian places in Vegas but I would repeat visit LAVO especially if I was staying at Venitian or Palazzo.
Was at a recent conference and we managed to make our way to this neat venue in the Palazzo.. . Cool vibe here.  Did dinner here and it gets you into the nightclub as well.. . We had an assortment of menu items and from all appearances and grins ... pretty happy.  Portions were HUGE, but I guess this is Vegas.. . I had the salmon and I thought it was quite good.  Excellent prep and ideal seasoning.  Very good flavor and not overcooked.  Al dente!. . Drinks a plenty and attention to service was quite good considering the mob on a Tuesday.  Did I mention the waitresses were hot!  Again though, I guess it's Vegas and so they have to flaunt their clientele.. . The nightclub upstairs is a quaint affair, but it's intimate enough without being overcrowded.  Liked it a lot and this night DJ Helena was on the scene.  Good fun til the wee hours.  Excellent bartending as well.. . Overall, I'd definitely recommend this one two combo of restaurant and nightclub.. . P.S.  Did get picked up by a pro, but I guess this is Vegas...
Had never heard of this place until I was in Vegas just a few weeks ago.   My friends promoter friend asked us to join her for a Ladies Night comped dinner.  We got to the restaurant and were seated promptly.  The restaurant itself is absolutely gorgeous.  Our server brought all of us a shot and then we all ordered a cocktail.  The drinks were delicious.  Then they brought out a variety of different food options: Chicken Parmesan, Margherita Pizza, two different kinds of pasta (one gluten free pasta), among others.  The amount of each dish was quite large, but I expected that since it is an Italian place.  Overall, the food was amazing we enjoyed all of it.. . After dinner, we went back outside to wait for the nightclub to open.  One of the promoters outside combined our group of 7 ladies with another group of 5 ladies and gave comped us a table with free bottle service.  The service was great and even though it was a Sunday night the atmosphere was still fun.  Unfortunately, some of the ladies we were with and some of the guys at the table next to us started smoking.  Something my sister and I were not a fan of so we took off.  . . I would consider going again.
Really enjoyed our visit to Lavo. The service was out of this world and the food delicious. We enjoyed the Filet and the Salmon Orgeanato. Thought the al a care sides were a bit over-priced compared to the prices of the main dishes, but it's Vegas :) . One thing I appreciated was that since we ate dinner there, we could get into the night club that night for free (we were too tired, so we didn't go). . The atmosphere is amazing - gorgeous decor. The only thing I didn't like about this place are the close proximity of tables to one another. I could almost touch my neighbors on both sides of me which made it difficult to have a nice private meal with my hubby. Otherwise - I loved this place!
I visited on a Wednesday evening with one guest at 9:30pm. Here for Restaurant Week.. . Verdict: Come here if you want a great Italian meal before you bring your expensive entourage of fine ladies to your table at Marquee. Don't come here if you want to bring kids or to escape the common heathen scene: It's too loud and people look like they're heading to a club.. . Ambiance: 4/5. Yes, it is nice: Dark interiors with Mediterranean accents set the stage, with each choice lighting proving a visual delight. The house music pumping through the air reminds you that this is also a nightclub. The CONS: Can be too loud/raunchy to be considered intimate, dark enough to make your eyes strain, and tables are too close together. My guest's seat got run into by a rushing waiter.. . Service: 4/5. Reservations process was smooth? Check. Greeted and seated with a smile? Check. Genuine and sincere service, even though things were busy? Check. Table checks throughout the dinner? Check. What they missed: In between our table checks our glasses were empty. We were 3/4ths of a way through our entrees, which proved to be heavy-handed on the salt so we needed water to continue. Our waiter was either on break or dealing with someone else, but no busser was available. Finally got filled 5min. later. Not end of the world, but not 5 stars. . . Food: 4/5. Kobe carpaccio is all sorts of buttery and yummy: Full-bodied yet not salty. The Kobe rice balls, while balanced, is reminiscent of risotto. Our bread that came at the same time have herbs and butter baked on, with marinara for dipping. My penne alla vodka was perfectly al dente. Strong bacon flavor. However, salt levels became intolerable. A pity, because it is a well flavored dish but someone was heavy-handed with the salt. Dessert: Might be an Italian thing, but they were quite heavy. Tiramisu was too creamy for my preferences, and did not pair with either entree. The cheesecake was large, light, and sweet. Kinda like how I like that one guy out of Shaolin Soccer. BTW, Food was timely. . . Value: 4/5. Portion sizes are filling. Not Mcmullan's-ginormous-Irish-nachos, but we brought back dessert. Plus, you definitely taste the quality of the ingredients. Now, I am comparing this place to Panevino, Trattoria Nakamura-ya (yes, I know traditional Italian does not have uni, but this is my review and uni pasta is my postmodern Italian), Cuigino's, and Olive Garden (lol, I had to): This ranks #3, with Trattoria easily leading and this following Panevino quite closely. No, Olive Garden did not rank. Thank you for participating in Restaurant Week! . . Mood: I'm full. It's been a while since I party-rocked. Where's the water and the party?. . Total rating: 3.5/5 base rating, +0.5 for good mood, 4/5
At the convenience of being at our hotel, we decided to check out this place, hek free drinks... why NOT! The place turned out to be very fun and one of the bartender was pretty HOT!. . The night ended with the girls and I capitalizing the lounging area and doing our thing. Fun times!
So when they say they have the best meatballs, they're not kidding.  Not only was the meatballs with ricotta delicious (and the size of a grapefruit), it was great to share.  We split a number of dishes, beet salad, minestrone soup, kobe beef meatballs with spaghetti and chicken parmigana.  Minestrone soup was the only thing that was mediocre.  The rest was delicious.  Waiter pushed us to order Oreo Beignets, tasted like an Oreo funnel cake.  The sinks are really awesome.  Night club was cool, but nothing insane
This is my 6th time here and came with my family and fiance on our Vegas trip to celebrate my father's 60th birthday. Called a few weeks in advance to book a table, they ask you for a credit card to secure your reservation so be aware of that. Requested a table outside and mentioned it was my daddy's 60th birthday.. We waited about 30 mins for the table (totally normal at this restaurant) for a table for 6 outside. They said they could seat us immediately inside but it was such a  gorgeous night we waited. We grabbed some drinks at the bar and yummy long bread sticks and stood outside and waited. Once our buzzer rang we were seated at a great table with a view of the pirate show at TI. We ate late, around 11pm so we saw the last show of the night. Quite loud so be prepared. The restaurant is one of the loudest restaurants (inside) in Vegas - super fun. The food here is AMAZING! SO TASTY! To start we ordered:. Sun Ripened Tomato Bufala Mozzarella $19. 2 orders of the Eggplant Parmigiano (the server even warned us that they are huge but I told him we usually order 1 for my fiance and me when we come, they are THAT good!) YOU MUST ORDER THIS $17. Crispy Fried Calamari $17. Meatball with fresh whipped ricotta $21. The men had beers and the ladies split this AMAZING white pinot grigio, I can't rem the name but it was so tasty and the price was really good!. For the mains we ordered:. Organic Mixed Green Salad $16 . Mixed Wild Mushrooms $11. Chicken Parmigiano $29 (comes with a large side of pasta). Four Cheese Ravioli $24. Chicken & Mushroom Ravioli $27. Spinach & Artichoke Brick Oven Pizza $21. . Everything was amazing. The only reason I am removing 1 star is because I reminded both the hostess and the server that it was my father's 60th birthday and NOTHING was done. Not even a little candle. They must have forgotten, but I was quite disappointed with that part.. . Will return for the tasty food and environment.
Definitely ask to sit on the patio.  Service was good, food as expected with large portions.  A bit pricey but it's the strip.  Overall just fine and worth the visit.
Nice restaurant. It gets pretty packed and loud. A group of us went for dinner on a Friday night. The only small complaint was we had to wait for a table even with a reservation. Isn't that the point of a reservation? So you Won't have to wait?? .smh. Anyway., the night was great, the food was good and we got to see Chris Rock and David Spade. We were maybe 3 tables away from their table. And there's a club upstairs., that we didn't check out since our night was booked. Maybe next time :)
4 stars for the nightclub.. . In March 2013, I traveled to Vegas with my sister and one of her friends for a girls weekend in Vegas. They had never done table service at a nightclub before, so I decided to be generous and spring for a table on the Saturday night we would be there. I decided on LAVO because the host, Matthew Goodman, was incredibly responsive. Literally within 10 minutes of sending my inquiry email, I had texts from Matt to help set up my reservation (this was opposed to some other clubs that either never responded or took days to respond). He also offered to get us into the brunch, but we decided against it as we wanted to do other things during the day. . . The entrance to the nightclub is on the side and not a far walk from the door that the taxis drop you off at. There was no wait to check in (we arrived around 11 pm) and Matt walked us to our table. Throughout the night he checked on us a few times which I thought was great customer service. Our cocktail server at the table was totally on point, and we were never without drinks. I managed to get us a free bottle of champagne which we had first before moving on to the Ketel One vodka bottle I bought.. . The negative about table service at LAVO is that while we had a table right off the dance floor (I cannot complain about the location) is that we were squished in between two other tables with groups. When you get a table, you are expecting to get space to spread out and relax. We were kind of on top of each other which is the reason I give the nightclub 4 stars. But if you want a table, I highly recommend getting ahold of Matt. He is the best host I have worked with in Vegas.
Great Food and can't beat the free admission to the Night Club
This was really a pleasant surprise. Food was more than just decent. Granted, the price can be a bit much, but definitely worth it.
Four of us went for dinner on a Wednesday night. This brief review is for the restaurant only.. . The service was excellent. The wait staff was attentive, polished, knowledgeable, and importantly, flexible when we had to order off-menu a bit.. . The food was enjoyed by everybody.  The chicken parm was a generous, tasty portion. The four cheese ravioli was hand made and big and delicious. The noodles in the pasta were fresh.. . The only negative was the hostess was overwhelmed and young, but I kept on top of her and got our table within a few minutes of our 7:45pm reservation.. . The check totalled about $120 for four.
Came here last weekend for dinner. Great ambiance, delicious food, and yummy drinks (greyhound with freshly squeezed grapefruit). The meatball was amazing! Of course the rest of the meal was excellent too.  A bit overpriced though, but it's Vegas for ya!
This review is for the food only.. . Service was friendly, knowledgeable and fun. I had the server choose my entree (between the carbonara and cavatelli). She chose the cavatelli and I was not disappointed. It had a rich, meaty bolognese sauce that was amazing. The ricotta placed on top was the perfect compliment. I could eat this again anytime.. . The chicken parmesan that my friends had was a huge portion. Although I didn't sample it, they said it was fabulous.. . For dessert we all split their 20 layer chocolate peanut butter cake and the chocolate glazed rolled cake. Both were amazing. A decadent treat.. . The music being played during dinner was a great mix. It was 80s new wave for the first half, then a DJ came and began playing some of my favorite EDM.. . Great vibe for a restaurant and I will definitely return.
I actually like this place plus it was just $10 with a VIP card that the promoter was passing outside since we could not get into TAO.. . It's small but the when you think about it, the dance floor is about the same size as all the mega clubs in Vegas it just less going up the stair, roof, and etc..... . Just one dance floor with Top 40's music from Hip Hop, Pop, and EDM (Good music if you ask me). . Not crowded which is a plus because you can actually dance without bumping into someone.. . Plus drinks were cheaper like $12-$15 dollars compared to other that charge $20. . Come here if you want to have fun and avoid the crowds!
LAVO should be known for their meatballs AND Panna Cotta Cheesecake!!. . *This review is for the restaurant only*. . After hearing that LAVO had the best meatballs in town and good food overall, I just had to go and try it for myself. We came here with my good friends from Hawaii. I made reservations on a week night when there was no special event going on at the nightclub, hoping it would be less crowded.. . At first, service was good. We had 3 different servers who said that they would all be helping us. However, after our drinks were delivered, we got stuck with one server, who was kind of an airhead. I'll be nice and not mention her name, but this is how it went down. We were all obviously ready to order because our menus were closed and stacked nicely on one corner of the table.. Server: "Are you all ready to order, or do we need a few more minutes?". Us: "We're ready.". Server: "I'll give you a few more minutes.". Us: "Umm, we just said we were ready.". Server: "Oh ok, go ahead.". Then later that night..... Server: "Are you still working on this or do you want me to take the plate out of your way?". My friend: "Still working on it.". Server: *reaches out to grab the plate*. My Friend:" No, I am STILL working on it!". Server: "Oh, ok.". Geeez, she had serious issues! Also note that we ate here right after they opened, so the place wasn't crazy loud at the time. If she's deaf, she shouldn't be a server. She really needs to get her act together! Horrible!. . Anyway, the food was awesome and we all enjoyed our dinner. We ordered the Meatball with whipped fresh Ricotta. Good thing we split it between the 4 of us because it was huge! Very flavorful and melted in my mouth! I wanted more, so I ordered the Spaghetti with Kobe Meatballs. My husband ordered the New York Strip Steak and said it was one of the best steaks he ever had. Now I know what to order next time! Our friends ordered the Chicken Parmigiano (also huge) and some other pasta dish. And now for the best part, Dessert!! Thanks to my friends, I am now addicted to the Panna Cotta Cheesecake! I don't know how to explain it, except to say that is was a big delicious slice of heavenly, creamy berry goodness! Sometimes Cheesecakes can be too rich, but this one was light and not overly sweet. Slices are big enough for 2 people to share, but I honestly think I could eat the entire thing on my own. I would seriously do a take out order, just for the cheesecake!. . Definitely looking forward to coming back and trying other items on the menu. Hopefully, service will be better next time!
Really good food and service!. . (This review is for the restaurant only.). . We rarely venture out of the Cosmo or Encore for food when in Vegas, but we had some friends staying at the Palazzo this go around so we decided to give a new restaurant a try.  We decided on LAVO due to its location and becuase it seemed to have a cool vibe.. . Half of our party arrived fairly late, but the restaurant was very polite about it.  We hung out at the bar and watched the Hawks lose to the Bruins.  The bartender was nice and friendly as were the other patrons at the bar.  I didn't check out the bar too much as I was too caught up in the game so can't really comment on that portion of my visit.. . The remainder of our party finally arrived and we were seated at a nice round table in the middle of the restaurant.  We had awesome views of the entire place...including the upstairs area which I assume is used for the nightclub (???).  Our waiter, Scott R., was super nice and funny...cracking jokes with us the whole night.. . Our table ordered the meatball ricotta, calamari, mixed salad, carbonara, 8oz filet, 3 peas risotto, spaghetti with meatballs, wild mushrooms, and the 20 layer cake.  Everything was delicious!  The portions were huge so everyone kind of just shared everything.  . . We got the check and I and my husBAND decided to pick the bill up for the table to say thanks to our friends.  I am in charge of payments and tips in our house so when I looked at the bill and saw $354.20 for 6 people I was thinking we had gotten off cheap (that's like $59.00 per person WITH drinks and coffees, espressos, etc.).  We had a great time and thought Scott R. was awesome...so we left him an appropriate tip.  As we were leaving, Scott R.  came over and stopped my husBAND and told him that a 20% gratuity was included in the $354.20 total and that he did not have to leave an additional tip (I apparently missed that on the check...DOH!).  My husBAND was blown away by his honesty and decided to leave him a small portion of the additional tip we had intended on giving.  So...that means our check was even less that I had thought...great food at a decent price...in Vegas...what???. . So, in summary...the food is good, service is amazing, servers are HONEST, and the food is decently priced.  We will definitely be returning to LAVO...perhaps to even check out the nightclub.
**Review for the ultra lounge**. . Waited patiently in line with my boyfriend before a promoter approached us asking us if we were on the guest list. We told him that we--unfortunately-- were not. He asked us if we were guests of the hotel-- once again, we were not :( He asked us if we were staying on the strip... And you guessed it-- we were not. . . After we were sure he was going to move on to the party behind us, he quickly reassured us, "Don't worry about it, I'll take care of it." Next thing we knew, we were in for FREE! Thanks, Promoter Guy! . . Like many others have said, this lounge has a very dark and sexy vibe to it. Others have complained about the minimal dance space and the smallness of the place itself. However, I feel it's very intimate and romantic. If you don't feel like getting trampled or pinned up against sweaty strangers all night, I'd say ultra lounges are the way to go! . . This place was pretty amazing. Getting in for free-- without guest list reservations or hassle, attentive bartenders, pretty decent music (a lot of the songs were hit or miss, but I think that's relatively subjective depending on the DJ for the night), no chaos of a typical club. This place gets a thumbs up in my book! My boyfriend and I had a blast! will definitely be back.
This review is for the restaurant. Keeping it brief, since a lot about this place has already been said.. . My friend and I dined here on a Wednesday summer night, around 9 p.m. We got a table right away. Our waiter was extremely friendly, and pointed out that there were coupons in the Grazie book. (Inquire at the Venetian to join for free.) We decided to pass, since you essentially got two big bottles of wine, and we were only two people. But it seemed like a good deal, for Vegas. . . I had the chicken and mushroom ravioli. It was in a garlic butter sauce with arugula on top. Holy cow! I only got 6 ravioli for something like $28, but won't soon forget it. The rav, and my friend's penne pasta, AND the garlic bread, were all delicious.. . A few observations:. . -The wait staff is all very attractive.. -Our water was never below half full.. -LAVO has a pretty romantic atmosphere. . -The place was decently crowded at that hour, but not packed. The nightclub didn't seem to be happening just yet.. . If the prices were a LITTLE less expensive, and the portions a LITTLE larger, I would have given it five stars. However, (it's Vegas, and) as I mentioned, the flavors and service were terrific. So if you're looking for a fancy Italian meal on the Strip in Vegas, go here.
**NIGHTCLUB REVIEW ONLY**. . THE GOOD:. -We stayed at the Venetian so we got free passes to LAVO, which also put us right in the front of line and we did NOT have to wait! This was amazing considering it was Memorial Day weekend and there was a bunch of people in line waiting to get in.. . - As you walk into the club, you are encased in a glass walkway where you can see people dining downstairs.. . - It was a glow in the dark theme, which I didn't know when coming in so I was pleasantly surprised.  They were also handing out glow in the dark glasses.. . - The bartender was also amazing! We kept coming back for drinks and in our 3rd round, we said we wanted something fruity so he surprised us with his own mixture - it was UH-MAZING!  My sister can drink with the best of them so she rarely gets a buzz, but she was having an amazing time dancing and drinking it up thanks to our bartender.  (**TIP: Be nice to your bartender here! They are friendly and will be equally generous with their concoctions).. . - The music was also awesome!  We were at Pure Nightclub the night before and we all couldn't get into the groove of the music because the song selection was just that bad.  LAVO restored our faith in good music and Vegas clubs again and we had a great time!. . THE BAD:. - The only thing I have an issue with is the small venue of LAVO.  Don't expect to be able to move around this club by the time it hits midnight. Thank goodness we arrived at 11pm and had at least a good hour to enjoy the music & drinks before we just couldn't stand the crowd anymore.. . OVERALL:. A great club experience! - we got in, we got drinks, we danced to awesome music, and then we got out! - all within 1 hour - my are we efficient club-goers :)
Vegas baby!! So many food choices, LAVO is great for groups who want to stuff their faces with amazing Italian food, unfortunately you cant go partying after since you are so full!. . We ordered the pizzas, and I had the kobe beef spaghetti and meatballs. so tasty, almost as good as Raos. For dessert you must try the fried Oreo cookies, which is their signature dish.. . Also eating at the restaurant offers you admission to the club upstairs, if you can move after how much you eat :-)
** Nightclub Review**. . Overall the club was very fun.  I like the fact they have seating in the back, which is great since you don't have to buy a bottle to sit down.  The music kept everyone on the dance floor all night.  The place is pretty small and the line does form early.  The ONLY down fall, beware of the bartenders charging differently.  The first bartender charged us $22 for two drinks, but the others charged $25.  It was weird.  Overall, I would go back.
We celebrated our friend's birthday here last night and it was good.  I'd say a 3.5, but I'll round up because it was comped.  . . The restaurant is really pretty inside.  It has dim-lighting and it's romantic. It was pretty empty so the ambiance was lacking a bit, but our table made for it. They served us family style: rigatoni, chicken parm, pizza, salad, truffle fries, and calamari.  I must say, most of it was pretty bomb, except the pizza. I thought the crust was super soggy.  I also did not like the salad - too much onion/shallot and orange slices were a weird addition. I loved the tomato cream sauce on the rigatoni, but my favorite dish was the calamari.  It had just a tiny kick of spice to it, but it was SOOO good.  Probably some of the best calamari I've ever had. . . The service was great.  The food took a bit, but they were always quick to refill waters and get us anything we needed.  I'd go back if we were going up to the club one night.. . Overall, a good dining experience.
Holy meatballs! Like most reviewers, I thought the meatballs were phenomenal. I think it could be eaten as a meal (or two) by itself. Really, really good and served with garlic bread! There was a hiccup in the kitchen and we accidentally received more garlic bread - it comes with the meatballs - so we really benefitted from the kitchen's snafu! =) . . The waiter was great. I am the type of person who always asks for recommendations for everything - appetizers, entrees, drinks, etc. He quickly noted this and recommended the sausage ragu and saggio cocktail. For entrees, we got the carbonara and the ravioli. To end - the oreo. Wonderful from start to finish.  . . It is on the noisy side but we expected that. We did not take advantage of this but dinner earns you entrance to the club. . . Added bonus: if you don't finish your cocktail, they give you to go cups =)
This is a chic place to grab dinner on the strip. Fun for ladies because of the free cocktails. I would plan on going somewhere else though if you're looking for a good place to go dancing. Although they place music, I feel as if it's more of a bar/restaurant than a nightclub. Good place to go though if you're looking for a trendy place to get food or a drink.
Had dinner here the first night I was in town. I've been hearing about the MEATBALL (note, singular, not plural) so much around the office that I HAD to find out what it was all about.. . Basically, it is a huge ball of meat (bigger than a baseball) that is made with kobe beef. In terms of meatballs: this is the best I have ever tried. Also had a seafood mix salad (came with huge chunks of lobster). . . Then came the entrees: chicken Marsala and the sea bass. The chicken Marsala left little to be desired: came with spinach and mushrooms and very thin pieces of chicken, topped with a very light rendition of the sauce. The sea bass was also very, very delicious. The skin was fried perfectly: it stayed together on the plate and just melted in my mouth. Comes with a small side argula salad which was pair very well with the fish.. . This is definitely on the pricier side. Also, take note: this place can be a bit loud (we sat inside) but I'd definitely be coming back to have the Meatball again. Perhaps I'll try the balcony next time which faces T.I. and their pirate/syren show.. . Tip: if you stop here, you would do yourself a disservice if you did not try their MEATBALL!
I just remember coming here when the girls and I were super hungry and ready to go on a carb binge. Eggplant Parm is phenomenal. They have a salad here call the Louie Salad which is a mix of seafood (lobster and shrimp) served over greens and vinaigrette topping. One of the best salads I have ever had. Drinks are served in slightly smaller glasses here, but don't let that fool you... way more alcohol than anticipated, and that creeped up on us after about an hour. Sneeeeeaky bartender!
This is a review for the club. We requested access to the guest list a couple of days beforehand and were let free.  We got there right before midnight and it was pretty packed. DJ Vice was the dj (usually on Sundays) and he played a great mix of genres.  Drinks were average priced and strong!. . Overall great fun especially if you are able to get in free via the guest list or passes from staying at the Palazzo.
This review is for the nightclub only.. I came for my friend's 21st birthday. The place was clean, but small. Most of our group consist of girls, so we got in within 2 minutes. Open bar for females from 11pm to 12 am. What more could you ask for? Even with the open bar, the bartenders were very attentive. We never had to wait more than a few minutes to get a drink. The dance floor is a bit small, but the music is good. They didn't play EDM the whole time, which I LOVE. The restrooms were nice and clean. If the dancefloor was bigger, i'd give this place 5 starts.
Came for dinner before a 9:30 show at the Mirage. We were seated at 6:30. Our drinks were a little slow, arriving after our meatball. I had asked the meatball to be brought at the same time as our entrees but, it was brought as an appetizer. It was so freaking delicious, I didn't even care. I will return a hundred times for the meatball if not for anything else. The complimentary bread & sauce was very good. I ordered spaghetti with tomato & basil and I thoroughly enjoyed it. My husband ordered chicken mushroom ravioli. Not so great. It had an odd brown gel-like sauce. It was not at all what my husband was expecting and it was a really small portion. He ordered an extra order of the bread ($6) because he wasn't full. Our service was ok. Drinks went empty and never were refilled, so we drank water. The GM came around and was very nice. Even more so when we told him we were locals. Then we ordered dessert and it took 30+ minutes for it to arrive. We had to pick up our show tickets 1 hour before the show and we barely made it! The waiter was apologetic about the long wait & finally offered to refill our drinks at that point. The zeppole Oreos were delicious, just not sure why it took so long. Had we not had the show to get to, I would not have minded as the people watching was fabulous. Overall the giant Meatball was the star of this dinner. Can't wait for the weather to cool down to enjoy the patio seating. A little expensive ($125w/tip) for a pasta dinner, but it wasn't shocking. It was expected.
LAVO is on the smaller side but I had such a good time here! There's not much more than a bar and a dancefloor. The Sunday night DJ played equal parts house and hip hop.
Hmm, the first time I came here to eat, I was very disappointed and did not enjoy my meal at all!  The food was bland and did not entice my taste buds.  Now the second time I came here, I came with my friend who was visiting Vegas for the weekend.  It was a late meal and we were both HUNGRY!  haha.  Walking around the strip, the restaurant Lavo caught my friend's eye and we looked at the menu and she wanted to dine there.  I was a bit hesitant, but since she was the guest, I complied and asked for a seat for two for dinner.  . . As we got the menu, we were trying to decide what to order.  We ended up decided to order family style.  This mean, 2 friends, 5 dishes, ranging from salad, appetizers, a main entree, and including dessert!  We ordered their famous meat ball with ricotta cheese, the truffle fries, a lobster scampi pizza, and a fish dish with a delicious crouton salad that I forgot the name of!  . . The meatball was actually really good!  I can see why everyone talks about it!  It is one full pound of wagyu beef (very tender beef)  cooked with lots of flavors and topped with marinara sauce and ricotta cheese.  Eating it by itself was a bit too salty, so I paired it with their complimentary garlic bread.  Both of use only had 1/4 of the ball since we wanted to try everything else.  . . When the truffle fries came out, it was DELICIOUS!  Now this is how fries are suppose to be!  Semi burnt! ;-)  Hahaha.  I loved burnt potatoes!  Not of those light gold colored fries you get at McD's, but the dark brown, crispy fries that has been in the fryer longer than it was suppose to be!  hahahaha.  Topped with parmasean cheese and truffle oil, my mouth was dancing in joy with each bit!  . . Next up, the Lobster scampi Pizza and the fish dish (which was not memorable besides the crouton salad it came with).  Now Lobster scampi on top of a flat bread pizza...need I say more?  It was DELICIOUS!  No complaints there!  . . As for the fish dish, It was okay...but the croutons side dish was so good!  I swear what they did was cubed bread, deep fried it to a crisp, tossed it was cucumbers and tomato and served it!  Simple yet amazing!  . . Last but not least...dessert....not I know Lavo is known for their deep fried oreos...but after hearing about its texture, I was not appeased to even try it!  The waiter basically told us it tasted like oreo dough...in my mind (oreo soaked in oil)  Ouch...heart attack!  So instead, we chose to order the toasted marshmellow 7 layer rolled cake....such a great decision because it was what we both were craving!  It was a thin layer of chocolate cake, rolled with a vanilla type of cream and covered with chocolate ganache.  Very sweet, but perfect ending to such a delicious meal!  . . Now I wasn't impressed with my first experience here, and after giving it a second chance, LAVO has won my taste buds!  I'd recommend my friends to come here, so you should come and try it too! =)
I got the dinner and bottle service package and it was a great deal. Dinner was awesome with the meatball appetizer and filet. Then the bottle service in the club was awesome. The club is small but we had our own place to dance and sit down. The bouncers were great at keeping our seats clear. Each table can really only sit 4 people so if u want more people to sit at once you should get separate bottle service packages but not needed if some people are dancing while others sit. Nice club and good hip hop and pop music. It is small though and I can't image going to the club without bottle service.
I haven't had the pleasure of dining here yet but Im sure that's in the near future. But this place as a nightclub... is awesome. Came here a few weeks ago with a group for Dash Berlin. We had the table directly behind the DJ booth where we got to enjoy the music and intimacy with the DJ all night. It was truly an amazing experience. I really like venues like this one and Marquee Day Club. Where you can actually mingle with the DJ before/after his set. The ambiance was beautiful as well. Bartenders were great along with our cocktail server. I will defineatly be returning to this venue in the fiuture.
Oh how I love this place! Every time I am. I'm vegas I have to eat here. The first few times we ate here the pasta was amazing and totally worth it, and they always give you a complimentary loaf of bread w sauce which melts in your mouth. Sadly tho the last few times we are here the pasta wasn't very good and the hubby doesn't want to keep coming back here, but at least we can keep coming back here for the most important part which is the dessert. Anytime you are in vegas you must get the deep fries Oreos that come w a vanilla milkshake, nothing compares to this dessert.. Nothing
Great strip views on the patio - you will really feel the Vegas Vibe . Pretty expensive - huge and amazing meatballs with ricotta - great club to dance !
Between Lavo and Tao for a dinner and club experience I think Lavo is much better.  The food is good (of course also pricy, but it's vegas) and the club, while smaller, was easier to get around and seemed to have a more upscale clientele.  I wouldn't go back just for dinner or just for a club, but if I had to plan a bachelor party and needed the dinner/club combo again i would choose Lavo easily.  We went with 14 dudes and had a great time.
Early dinner reservation before Rock of Ages show. We chose outdoors on the terrace...excellent choice if the weather is right...and it was...plus, they have enormous lamp heaters which worked perfectly later on. Sun was down, perfect al fresco dining weather and all the police/ ambulence sirens were in full force. You sit above the street foot traffic...so, that is never part of the experience and the view down the south Strip is delightful. . . Our server was polished and knowledgeable...the food was excellent. GF had ahi...I had pork cheeks pasta...we split the shrimp louie salad (thank goodness, the thing was huge) and a couple of glasses of wine with dinner. Quite good all the way through...even with the ambient noise. The twenty layer chocolate & peanut butter cake almost got my GF...but she was wearing this amazingly form fitting dress...and did not want to risk what that desert would have done to her silhouette. My desert was the garlic bread and marinara sauce...totally addictive. Two c-notes should cover it.
Went here on a Sunday through Darko as our host. Didnt eat here for dinner. We had 3 guys 5 girls and all got free entrance. Girls got a 11 to 12 wristband for open bar. Well drinks only. . . The scene: Small venue compared to all the other clubs out here. Nice decor. More table areas then a dance floor. . There is no outside patio. Not much seating if you do not have a table.. . The music and dance floor: mainly hip hop and some edm. Because the dance floor was small it got crowded quickly ut we managed to keep an area for our group without a problem.. . The crowd: More of a 35 and over club and men in business attire. We were probably the youngest group there but that didnt matter.. . The bartenders: The main bar was great drinks were perfect. Open bar for ladies what there to complain about? Whoever the bartender at the small bar made our drinks incorrectly. Asked for a vodka colins and I saw her poor tequila. Lol we were all too drunk to complain at this point. . . There is a small seating area near the elevator where u can rest if they its not used for bottle service that day. . . Overall our group had a great time. Regardless of the size of it and crowd. We just wanted to dance. :)
Items selected:. . Illy Coffee. Balsamica - Rum,Rhubarb, Basil, Strawberry. Pastry Basket - Everything Bagel, Focaccia, Oreo Scone, Cronut. Chocolate Hazelnut, Strawberry, Creme Anglaise Dip. Breakfast Mac & Cheese - Two Fried Eggs, Truffled Shells, Pancetta. Almond Crusted French Toast - Cinnamon Panettone, Fresh Berry, Banana. Chicken and Waffles - Cap'n Crunch Crusted Chicken, Bourbon Maple Syrup, Spiced Pecans. Warm Chocolate Bread Pudding - Vanilla Ice Cream, Duce de Leche Sauce. . A favorite of friends for their signature meatballs, thumping bass, and eye candy I'd never paid much attention to Lavo until I heard rumor that a "proper" Sunday brunch had been introduced - an interesting menu, beautiful strip views, and proximity to both Bouchon and Ferragamo making it a worthy destination for 2pm brunch on my mother's last day in town.  An ornate space clearly befitting its trendy nightclub roots with friendly, though somewhat cocktail-pushy service and excessive hyperbole (no, your chef did not 'create' the cronut, nor was he the first to coat chicken with the cap'n) it was with the aforementioned bread basket, freely refilled coffee, and a cocktail that our meal began and with the basket particularly impressive given its complimentary nature it was much to my delight that the rest of the cuisine followed suit; substantial delay due to our waiter flirting with two tables full of sorority girls notwithstanding.  Electing to sample two sweets and two savories it was with a trio of selections and the smooth, dense, and semi-molten-centered bread pudding to follow that our meal progressed and attempting to abstain from exaggeration I will simply say that if I returned I'd be hard pressed not to order the exact same thing, the French Toast harkening a fruit infused Bostock and the pasta a peerless example of knowing how to use truffle oil with restraint, the end result a dish warranting an extra slice of focaccia to sop up every drop of the eggy aromatic cheese.
I totally think that restaurants that are nightclubs/lounges at night need to have a separate account for each.. It is too messy to sort out the food and club portion.. . With that said, this review is completely for the food!. The girls and I came for a set comped dinner (so please do excuse me if I name something horribly wrong) at about 9:00PM at night.. . We waited FOREVER. Like, seriously, I was really wondering what in the world we did to them to deserve this type of wait. They were nice enough to comp us two drinks to help us offset the wait, which helped, but we were still hungry like hippos.. . Finally, all the food came, all at once (Maybe they realized that 10 extremely hungry girls were going to lick the plate clean if they did it 1 by 1).. . There were (drumroll):. A salad, standard fare. We'll munch on our greens but I want some food!. Chicken Parmesan. A little bit dry, but the sauce was good with the right amount of cheese.. Pizza on flatbread. Probably my least favorite of everything, it simply didn't wow.. Thinly sliced deep fried zucchini. It felt super light, I felt like I was eating delicious air. Calorie-wise though, probably a little on the heavy side.. Deep fried calamari. Quite possibly one of the best calamari I have had when it comes to deep frying. Still crispy and light.. Salmon on a cucumber salad. Finally, not dry and overcooked salmon. It taste fresh and surprisingly buttery.. . There might have been more things along the way, but I can't think of everything. We left feeling full and way too sassy to go to the nightclub but did so anyways.. . I definitely don't think it's the best food I have ever had, but it was comped and therefore made it 1-star better.. . Enjoy!
