One of the newer hotels on the strip. I always get cool deals on Ideeli or Gilt, which I recommend as well to help cut costs. . . The rooms are suite style so there are two beds (queens) or one bed (king) on an upper level and there is a lower level with a L-shaped couch with a pull out queen and tv/table area (for those pre-party nights). . . The bathroom is huge (as big as the living area) with a bathtub, shower, and separate room for the toilet. Many mirrors and a make-up table area for the girls who need to get ready for the night out. . . Out of the 3 times I have been to Vegas, I stayed at the Palazzo twice. It has the greatest location by being near all the hot clubs so you save money on cabs. Lavo is below it, TAO is next door in the Venetian, XS and Tryst are next door in Encore and Wynn.
I was an invited guest before the actual grand opening of the Hotel and had a mixed bag of reviews.  For sure there are definite upside to staying here like the All Suite hotel and incredible size of the suites.  If you have stayed at the Venetian, this is the sister hotel that is almost identical but instead of the over the top Italian decor it is modern to modern art deco.  . . The Palazzo is connected to the Venetian by a great mall and spectacular art water fall display.  The shops are upper class but lack some of the bigger names.  All in all this a definitely a top 10 hotel on Vegas but when I stayed (3 nights) it was not finished.  I had problems with the closet door not shutting and some lighting issue I'm sure they have since figured out.. . The Lavo club is unique in that it is a bath house/restaurant/club.  The casino is nice since it is away from the hotel portion, but small.  I found myself walking over to the Venetian to find better gaming and food.  The plus is definitely the size and decor of the rooms.  There are at least 2 LCD TVs, a sitting level with a pull sofa bed, and large bathrooms.
Excellent rooms. The small office area and the multi-level layouts realky make for a unique feel in a place crowded with extravagant offerings.
I have been to Vegas many times and have stayed at various hotels and I have to say the Palazzo is really a good choice.  The room is gorgeous and such a comfortable size with it's sunken living room and sectional couch.  The bed is comfy and to make it even better it has the roman blinds and our view was breathtaking and that is from an NYC girl with an amazing rooftop view.  . . I highly recommend staying here and for an added extra at the elevator entrance there is my love, my favorite...COFFEE BEAN!
Still has that pumped in artificial floral aroma...but that's better than outside.  I don't know why it always smells like an open sewer pipe around the building.  Ever since they first opened it's had that smell.  Maybe it's just me.  Or I hang out in the alleys too much?. . The extravagance here is undeniable.  Large airy casino.  Big huge suites standard.  Everything is gorgeous.  Love coming through and hanging out here.  But, it does seem too clean...too high maintenance.  After a while I gotta go back to the (just slightly) dirtier Vegas that I enjoy more.. . They've scaled back on the pai gow tables.  I remember when they first opened, there were around 8 tables open...and I was the only one playing, lol.  Now, it's about 4-5 tables packed with the usual asian crowd next to the baccarat tables...typical $25 mins.  Good vibe here.  I like it.
I really quite liked The Palazo. The hotel looks great, the rooms are luxurious and well appointed. My only complaint is with the maintenance of the bathroom, the shower has peeling silicon that looked a little nasty.. . What I liked about The Palazo though is that while the next door Venetian Hotel felt like half-price day at the neighborhood flea market, The Palazzo still felt relatively quiet. . . The fitness room is passable, but feels a little stuffy since it doesn't have windows.
Lovely hotel. I've stayed here 3x, each time with a large posse of girls.. . The suites can easily accommodate up to 10 (I would know), they are so large, spacious and lux. Beds and couches are all super comfortable; even the carpet is super plush (super soothing on aching feet after a night of dancing in 4+" heels). Only thing about so many girls staying in one room together is: only one bathroom! But thankfully the actual toilet has a separate door, which makes it a tiny bit easier for everyone to get ready. . . If I could stay here every time I visit Vegas, I would.
My second home. You have to get the view suites otherwise its no good. If you love steak like i do then this casino has one of the best steaks ive ever had. I cook better steaks then most places but hands down to Carnevino. Not much of a gambler so dont have much to say about the tables.
NICE HOTEL ..BUT ..THE WORSE ROOM SERVICE BREAKFAST I EVER HAD ..i will recomend  this hotel to my family and friend its nice and beautiful rooms and nice suite prices .. but if you stay here DO NOT order room service ..its not worth it at all ..you been told .
Amazing hotel!!! Suites blew me away. Beds could've been a bit more. Comfortable. Staff was amazingly friendly. Id stay here again in a heartbeat!
Staying here was great. Check-in was a breeze, there's plenty of parking, it's new, it's pretty.. . We got a 2 queen bed suite on the 20th floor for $199 a night. I think normally its around $300. Definitely check the Vegas thread on fatwallet.com or slickdeals.net before you do anything in Vegas!. . Got charged tax, around $20 bucks, and the resort fee, which was $16, per night.. . Resort fee includes Wi-Fi in your suite, which is great.. . The suite was nice - 3 TVs, 2 queen size beds, a lounge area, iron, hair dryer, big bathroom with no locks, an L-couch with a pull out bed. You can sleep 7 people here comfortable (2 in each bed, 2 on the pull out, and one on the extra arm of the sofa). . . Another good thing is, you can check out from the TV.. . Weird things were:. . No fan in the toilet room. . A weird toiletry brand from China that no one has heard of.. . When you first drive in, a guy will stop you and ask if you are checking-in or self-parking. Just say you are self-parking so you don't deal with the hassle of valet parking.
The Palazzo is fantastic. Stunning is aesthetic, and I've had great customer service experiences during both of my visits. . . The room I had (might have been called a suite) had two queen size beds and a pullout sofa - slept up to 6. Spacious, multiple TVs, area for laptop. We actually watched the super bowl from our rooms because we were so comfortable.
The rooms are amazing! It's big and comes with a L shaped sofa! It felt comfortable, really a home away from home type.  3 tvs and one in the bathroom! I love that!. . Also the bathroom was amazing. Marble tile floors and it was so spacious! The lights are different here.  It makes your skin looks soft and glowy. . . I will def. come back to stay here!
Palazzo was awesome :D. . the suites are nicely sized & well designed/laid out. . front desk/concierge were helpful. . the hotel makes you feel good & welcome. . has its own casino as well - better than the one in the Venetian :). . This is what all hotels should be like . . I docked off a star because the shower water pressure was rather weak (that's the only 'bad' thing I can think of) and it is kind of far from the center of the strip so you have to walk quite a bit to get to the other sides. . I'm not a kid-friendly person (I hate it when kids are running around, banging on things making loud noises, etc.) and I did not have any issues with such problems here even though they don't 'ban' kids from the hotel like Bellagio does
The Palazzo knows how to do it right. It is a wonderful hotel. Amazing.. . The rooms are spacious. The bathrooms in the rooms are spacious. The casino is spacious. The hotel itself is spacious. . . Being on the 41st was nice. The view of the strip is fantastic. It is also nice to be able to see theTreasure Island show from across. . . It may be quite a walk to the middle of the strip, but you can walk nearby to Harrahs and use the monorail! . . I don't want to repeat other fellow Yelpers positive experience (because it's all true) but you should make an effort to stay at The Palazzo when in Vegas. . . Even though I'm fond of The Palazzo, here are some negatives to watch out for:. - I was disappointed with the shower water pressure. Not strong enough. . - There isn't a vent in the bathroom. . - Mini fridge... Really?!, I'll get charge for taking the drinks out? So unless your going to drink the drinks in there, I wouldn't take it out. . - Room service lags  when picking up food carts in the hallway. Having to walk pass 1 day old food in the hall is not fancy at all.  . - My friend received a  special bouquet of flowers and roses. Front desk kindly left a message regarding the special delivery.  When my friend called front desk for it, they told her she didn't have any special package waiting for her. But then when she went to front desk later that night to ask for it again, they magically found her bouquet of flowers and roses...Hmmm, shady, right?! . . But despite the mishaps and all, I'm a fan of The Palazzo and it is definitely better than other hotels in Vegas.
I've always stayed at the Venetian or Venezia tower. This weekend was my first time at Palazzo. The room was gorgeous, just like Venetian. We packed 6 girls in one room. Needless to say, it was like a tornado. The bathroom was a disaster. However, I'm sure these hotel cleaning ladies have seen worse. . . The hotel itself is gorgeous. Very upscale and has a ton of great shops and restaurants. My friends had a great time at LAVO the first night (I was only there for the second night). I also liked the cocktail waitress' attire, not skanky like other casinos. . . The Laguna Champagne Bar in the casino was really cool too. They had awesome fruity champagnes. We dined a few times at the Grand Lux Cafe. The staff was really nice, but the food was mediocre. Overall, I would stay here again.
I stayed at The Palazzo during the grand opening in 2008 when the rooms were dirt cheap and everything was brand spankin' new. The all-suite hotel has rendered quite a reputation since then. It's managed to outshine it's sister hotel, The Venetian. Whenever I hear about large groups of friends planning a trip out to Vegas, the main place to stay at is The Palazzo. The rooms are spacious, can fit 6-8 comfortably, and is centralized by the hottest places to be on the strip. Perhaps we got the "grand opening kinks", but hopefully they've worked out the low-pressured shower heads. I still have to wonder why our room wasn't given a tub.. . Fine dining accommodations include famous chefs such as Mario Batali, Wolfgang Puck, and Emeril Lagasse. However, if you're looking for a scrumptious meal without having to throw down a big one, a more casual venue like First Food & Bar or Grand Lux Cafe may be more suitable. . . My favorite part of this hotel has got to be the pool. Dip yourself and even dip your lounge chair. Stay cool under the scorching desert heat by laying out half way submerged into the pool while the other half of your body gets sun-kissed. It's a great concept, but good luck finding an empty seat on a summer day. Only the classiest of the classy stay at Palazzo.
It is a great hotel in a great location. The selling point has the be the bonus living space and the perks of the club level. Of course all those upgrades make the rooms north of $200 bucks a night. . . OHHH and add a $17 night RESORT FEE! . . Good for a special night or occasion.. . Jamie
LOVELY SUITES! beautiful bathrooms with a makeup table, 2 sinks, separate toilet room, bathtub & shower (although the bathroom doesn't lock so make sure ppl know its occupied!). . 2 queen sized beds in the upper area, a sunken living room (each level  with its own TV). . friendly CRAPS DEALERS who taught me how to win $55 dollars haha but thats NOTHING in vegas. NOTE: if you look too young, as I do, and are sick of getting carded in the casino, go to the security desk and ask for a wristband so you don't need to take your ID out a bajillion times!. . Location of one of the GRAND LUX CAFEs which is perfect for late night munchies!. . 3 sets of elevators to access the rooms meant for 3 different number sets of floors = MORE EFFICIENT foot traffic!. . EASY ACCESS to the Wynn if you want to go to XS & Venetian for BOUCHON BAKERY. . overall, I am very pleased!
I come to Vegas about six times a year.  Two times a year we stay for a WHOLE week.  But every time we stay at the Palazzo.  . . The casino is clean and the air is well circulated.  None of that smokey air as soon as you step into the casino.  The hotel smells like flowers! I get excited every time i arrive and check in.. . Their comps are really good.  We have tried other casinos ( wynn/encore).  The Palazzo will give you a good casino rate for the rooms if you open up a players card.  Log in a couple hours of BJ and you'll get something comped.  . . Shopping shopping shopping!!! A up scale shopping mall is right on the second floor. :) Louboutin, Jimmy Choo, Tory Burch, DVF, did i mention LOUBOUTINS!!! haha My fav store with my fav sales manager :) Go there!. . Room service at the Palazzo is 5 star dinning in your PJs.  Food is delicious and pretty fast.  If you dont want room service walk over to the Venetian. (attached to Palazzo )  They have Noodles Asia.  Open til i think 3 in the am!!!  Authentic chinese food.  YUM-MY. . Roomy rooms, good smelling air, great shopping, awesome location for the hottest clubs (XS, Surrender, Tao), Yummy food...i love this second home in Vegas :)
We prefer the Palazzo to the Venetian.  Its a bit more staid, and upscale, and the clientele seems to be a bit more refined.  The casino isn't as crowded as the venetian, and it just seems to have a better, more classic "feel" to it.  Great restaurants, and promotions as well.. . The rooms are just like the Venetian, just newer (on the whole).. . One of our favorite places to stay in Vegas.  Great location on the strip, as well.  Huge pool(s).  Great people watching.. . Of late the promotions have really scaled back...  Vegas must not be hurting anymore!
It is a lovely property...probably one of the best on the Strip. The shops are fun to browse (la-la-la love window shopping at Annie Creamcheese...no way I could afford it...the monkeys needs come first) and stopping in to say hi to Amber at Double Helix wine bar (all these places are located on the level above the casino). The dining options are top notch (yay Sushi Samba!) and i've heard the rooms are wonderful. The only reason its getting 4 stars instead of 5 is that the architects made it quite difficult and confusing for a guest to travel between the Palazzo and their sister property, the Venetian (every time I go there...I inevitably have to tell 4 or 5 people how to get to the Venetian side, the Wynn or just how to get outside) . Just put up some idiot-proof signs and you have 5 stars in my book.
A few years back, this used to be the in place to stay. Today, it's not THE absolute place to be, but its still pretty decent. Not to mention they used to pretty much give comps away.. . The rooms are all suite, so while the rooms might be typically  more on the pricey side, it becomes worth it if you're splitting it between friends. Rooms are furnished with good quality beds and materials, but you'll see better at other newer hotels. The couch doubles as a pullout bed that is surprisingly comfortble. Some of the furniture in the rooms also look a bit weathered now, but you should come to expect that from a Vegas hotel a few years old. Staff has always been nice and courteous. My last trip was rough, we didn't check out until 2 pm, and they waived us the late fee. That was definitely appreciated.. . As far as things to do and places to eat. Lavo is nice, but a little on the low key side. Since Palazzo and Venetian are connected properties, you also have Tao, which I hate. The pools at both properties are nice, Palazzo's are on the chill side, but at Venetian you have the music blaring, fist pumping, juice head infested Tao beach. There are better pool parties to be had. Grand Lux is always a winner, but only the Venetian one is only one of the two that is open 24 hours. . . Palazzo and Venetian still have a special place in my heart because of all the insane times I've had at these places. Nowadays though, you can find nicer alternatives at other newer hotels.  If you're spitting a room between 4+ people though, this might be the best alternative for you.
The Palazzo is a very nice, luxurious hotel that continues the trend of upscale, all-suite properties in Vegas. The rooms, therefore, are especially spacious with lots of bells and whistles (3 TVs in a standard suite, for example). And right now, they are offering GREAT deals (as low as $169/night during March Madness).. . Beware, however, of the upgrade option when you check into the hotel. We were offered a $125/night opportunity to upgrade to a much larger, even more luxurious suite upon check-in. We passed just because we didn't need it and preferred to spend that money elsewhere. The reservationist then decided to "kindly" offer us the upgrade for free. We just had to wait for the room.. . Well, when we were called to get the keys for our room, the upgrade was revoked. Turns out, these folks do not actually have the authority to offer such perks. So we had our hopes up for nothing, and then felt kinda duped. Worse, there was no real apology or explanation - just an attempt to get us outta there as quickly as possible.. . This amateur experience aside, the hotel is lovely with a lot of great restaurants and of course the shops! This is the west coast flagship Barney's, people! So get your wallets ready.
The room: huge.. . The WiFi: slow.. . The location: good.. . The room service: decent.. . The wallpaper: peeling.. . The bed: comfortable.. . The sheets: scratchy.. . The staff: smiling with clenched teeth.. . The sofa: (semen?) stained.
I'm the kind of gal that likes to vacation in Vegas for the variety of options it offers and not because I'm a big gambler.  The Palazzo offers first class service and spacious suites along with a variety of options.. . Except for a few excursions across the suite, I was never really motivated to leave the resort.  Connected to the Venetian, you get the benefit of two casino resorts without having to spend money on cab fare!  The rooms were so nice that my friends and I commented that we probably lived in apartments smaller than the suites.  . . For this low-budget gambler, I found that the tables had "affordable" minimum bets and no matter what I felt like I was treated like a high roller by everyone at the hotel.  The bars, spa and shopping are top notch,offering lots of options for every budget while still getting to feel like a high roller.  While it may not be in the center of the strip, I didn't really find a reason to go that far from the resort.. . I recommend joining Grazie for free and earn points for gambling, room charges and anything that you charge to your room.  You can easily earn loyalty points at both the Palazzo and Venetian, so the points add up quickly!. . Definitely a top choice for my next trip to Vegas!
Very comfy and spacious!  :)  I recently came here with some girlfriends, and thoroughly enjoyed it!  Our suite was quite spacious, with living room area on the side with a large couch.  Awesome!. . The main minus is that they don't really have that many glasses available in the suite - would have been nice to enjoy some wine with the girls for a pre-party, but oh wells.  We could have bought some plastic cups, but I feel like they should have subtracted one of the three TVs in favor of some wine glasses.. . Major minus: $12.99 for internet service - what's up with that!?!?! Again, the TV is gratuitous when it's only a mere 5 feet away from another one...can't you just provide free wifi instead?
Beautiful rooms, great shops, great location and great service.. . Hate the pool. Sucks!
Great hotel to stay at! Classy in all ways, from the simple yet nicely appointed lobby tothe casino floors, the shopping areas, and most importantly, the room. . . It was an EXTREMELY busy weekend when my friends and I visited this place, and they gave us a smoking room at the Venetian b/c some of us wanted that option. What we didn't know was that the room smelled like an ashtray...so gross, we couldn't fathom sleeping there for two nights. . . Went back down amid the busyness, but the gentleman who assisted us heard our complaints, talk to his manager, and got us a non-smoking room in the Palazzo. Now, that's some awesome service!. . The rooms in the Palazzo are WAY more modern than the Venetian rooms. Two nice queen beds with plush pillows and a super comfy couch with an office for you to take care of work if need be. . . Great accommodations, great price, and excellent service. Yes, Palazzo...no, Planet Hollywood, no more.
This is the BEST hotel that we stayed so far in Vegas at a affordable price.  They've a special offer so we booked a room there for our anniversary.  All the rooms are Suite so they're roomy which we really like.. . There is one problem is that they charge the Resort fees of around $17/day if you like it or not.  Their amenities are pretty much the same at other hotels with no additional plus for us to pay the price.  . . Anyways, I still like the Palazzo but might consider other hotels for our next trip.
Posh room and huge, yup that's the vegas standard!! Good service and i finally won some money on the ice-ice-baby slot machine.. love that slot, those cute penguin kept dancing to vanilla ice song.. hilarious and entertaining!
This may be the 15th- 20th time we've stayed at the Palazzo now and there are no signs signaling a stoppage of activity.  Well, maybe one, they've dramatically cut back on promotions for player card holders.  What can you do?  I guess the economy finally caught up with them.  Speaking of which, did you know you could have bought Sands stock below $2/share a few years back.  Ka-ching!  They're hovering the $50/share level now.  Shoulda, coulda, woulda right.  At least the management here is doing something right to bring forth revenue not expected before.  I always think the more profitable a casino is the higher the level of customer service is given.. . On a scale of 1 to 10:. Front Desk- 8. Cocktail Service - 9. Housekeeping - 10. Bellman - 8. Dealers - 7. Valet - 8. Restaurant personnel (may or may not be related) - 8. Theatre/Box Office- 9. Sports Book - 6. Slot Attendants - 7. Security - 7. Room Service - 9. . The Palazzo is definitely a nice place to stay.  All the rooms are suites with tall windows that sometimes offers up a decent view.  We just got unfortunate this time with a mountain view.  The beds seem to be getting worn down, or it's just my particular room this stay, but it still has a comfy feel.  I do miss the old amenities they use to give out.  The soaps, shampoos, conditioners, etc. use to be a very good brand that came from, I think, somewhere in the UK.  Now they have something from China/Hong Kong.  I don't really like the difference even if the new amenities are comparable to the old ones.
This was my first time staying at Palazzo and we had a good experience.  I would definitely stay here again.  . . We arrived at about 1pm on a Friday.  Check in was not until 3pm but front desk found a room for us and let us have it early.  Beautiful, spacious room.  Ladies, there was a vanity, complete with cute little bench in the bathroom.  Loved that.  Our room directly faced TI and we were able to watch the pirate show clearly.  . . It was just Mr. DJ and I so there was no need for a pool area with all the bells and whistles.  There was no lazy river or wave pool which was just fine with me.  There were 3 big pools.  Heated!  This is important because in April, the hotel towers cast a huge shadow on the pools until about 3pm.  Someone probably didn't think that one through.  Although, I would give them credit for putting the pool just a few steps from the tower elevator because there is nothing worse than having to walk a mile through a casino soaking wet just to get to your room.  I'm looking at you MGM.  . . Location was super convenient.  Close to the freeway.  Walgreens right next door.  Mall across the street.  We all can't afford to throw down $100 every meal so having the mall food court near by was awesome.  Venetian has it's own fast food court but I feel like the mall food court was closer if you're staying at Palazzo.  Plus there are more options of course at the mall.. . I also loved that there were a lot of penny slots.  Yes I am a high roller.  I did win $200 just on penny slots over a course of 3 days so take that.
Let me start by saying that I am a low roller who likes staying at nice hotels, which seems to be quite the opposite of what others do. While others stay at places like Imperial Palace and come to Palazzo to gamble to look like big shots, I like staying at places like Palazzo and walking to casinos with $5 minimums like Casino Royale and Imperial Palace.. . The Palazzo was really nice. The parking garage was convenient for those of us lucky enough to be able to drive to Vegas. The elevators to the rooms were right off the casino floor, another nice perk. You can also get to the Venetian through an underground walkway past all the restaurants.. . The best part... the low roller I am, I was able to easily walk to the low rent district (Casino Royale, Imperial Palace, etc.) and play my $5 tables. In fact, the people I was playing with at the IP were laughing at me for slumming. I don't care, I refuse to play $10+ minimum tables if avoidable. The CVS outside the hotel was great for grabbing a bottle of water or soda to take back to your room.. . Sign up for their newsletters and they will send you good discounts on a room. We stayed here for $129/night and that included 2 tickets to Phantom and several restaurant and drink vouchers. It also included $20 in slot play, which I turned into $120, so it was quite the deal.. . The only downside to the place is that the restaurants are quite pricey, so we usually left to go eat elsewhere. And their clubs attract a lot of beautiful and well dressed young women around midnight, and walking by them in my casual clothes to go slumming at the cheap casinos was kinda depressing.  ;). . If you're thinking of staying at the Venetian, come here instead. Even though they are listed as separate hotels, the Palazzo is basically just the newer and nicer tower of the Venetian, for  the exact same price as the Venetian.
Enjoyed my stay here recently. The suites were a luxurious home away from home, which included a separate living room and dining area. While the luxe accomodations were expected, there were nice touches that were unexpected. For example: flat screens in the bathroom, separate vichy showers, and private chocolate baths in the oversized tubs, which I relished daily. Enjoyed the daily concierge service which included breakfast, unlimited drinks, and a appetizers each evenings. Additionally, was nice to have wireless in our room and in the concierge lounge. I loss more money that I wanted, however, it's to be expected in Vegas. Great experience.
The Palazzo is probably one of the best hotels on the Las Vegas strip. You can get decent rates if you book through one of their many promotions. We paid about 200/night on this particular trip. The rooms are nice and there are plenty of beds in the Bella Suite if you plan on sharing. Each Bella Suite has 2 queen bedsand a pull out couch. There is also 3 tvs (one in the bed area, one in the living room area, and one in the restroom). They also have very good restaurants on site. Everything from cheap (Grand Lux) to fine dining (Bouchon, Cut, Delmonico, etc). When visiting Vegas Venetian and Palazzo are usually one of my first options for rooms. If I'm going on a smaller trip, I might consider Wynn or Encore, but Venetian/Palazzo are also great!
I love both the Palazzo and the Venetian because you can kind of forget your are in Vegas, everything smells nice, not smoky and the staff and service are top notch. Now you definitely get what you pay for so be prepared but I enjoyed our stay here. Two complaints, the glass shower isn't conducive for sharing the room with lots of girls and the separate toilet area has ZERO ventilation so it got nasty with 4 of us there...but with just two people the room would have been great!
My fiance and i absolutely love the suites here!  They are spacious, nice and clean.  With the Venetian, this is definitely a resort you do not need to leave...to experience vegas.  I highly recommend this resort and will gladly come again really soon!! !
Stayed in a suite here. Exactly like the Venetian -the layout, decor, pricing, etc -but a little bit more spacious. What's nice about staying at the Palazzo is that it's a bit less hectic and smoky compared to the Venetian, without the compromise of location. . . Plus, you get all access to all the pools at the Palazzo and the Venetian.
Another nice hotel/casino, with great food choices and nice decor.
Ive only stayed here once. And by mistake at that. I originally had a reservation at the Venetian. But for some strange reason it was super busy that weekend. The Venetian wasn't able to check us in until 5 pm. Which was kinda disappointing. But they were able to offer us a suite at the palazzo. Which I couldn't resist. At that time the palazzo had just opened it's doors. I'd say it was no more than a month or two old. So why not? Bad thing was me and my buddy parked at the Venetian side. So we had to walk our asses quite aways to get to our room. Anyway the suite was really nice. Our view was facing opposite of the strip. But we were able to catch views of the pool. I love the way the curtains are opened by remote. Both the lights and ceiling fan were also operated by remote. It's very classy. Also very clean. And we were able to bypass the line at Tao the same night. although. No free entrance. Room prices were reasonable. And to be honest I don't remember the stupid resort fees being tagged on back then. The way they do now. I would stay here again. It's kinda toward the end of the strip. But at least its still on the strip.
Palazzo - I think the Palazzo is nice. My impression before I stayed here was that it was the upscale sister of the Venetian. If it is, it is only slightly more upscale.. . The rooms are identical. That is a good thing because they are suites, big and nice. . . I had two outstanding dinners (Carnevino and Cut) so that stands out.. . Everyone I dealt with was nice and accomodating. I attempted to set up a spa appointment when I was working out one morning and they said they couldn't because I didn't have a credit card with me. That was confusing and somewhat of a bummer. Skipped it altogether.. . The downstairs bag pick-up and taxi stand is a clusterfuck.. . Other than that, it was all just fine. I've said for a while now that Caesars is my favorite but I would happily stay at the Venetian. You can add the Palozzo as Venetian 1A.. . Smiley face.
The Palazzo is the twin of The Venetian, and its definitely more upscale without a specific "theme" to the hotel (think upscale as in the name the Wynn has, and the "themes" of hotels like The Venetian in Italy, the Luxor as Egypt, Excalibur as medieval times, etc.) The entire hotel is roomy and spacious, and the pool is outstanding! It mainly has many of the same features as The Venetian does, just at a more regal and grand size. :)
Staying in The Palazzo hotel for my first trip and a business trip at that in Vegas was a mistake. I was so so sad I couldn't take advantage of my beautiful suite with two plush beds,living area, office nook and fantastic bathroom. When I say fantastic I mean it. I had a vanity area, deep tub and shower and flat screen tv above the sink area. The hotel is beautiful, the casino downstairs had a good amount of tables and slots and the shopping nearby is high class. . . The hotel was very accomadating as we partied from one suite to the next raiding everyone's mini bar by providing us with plenty of glasses. Checking in and out wasn't dreadful at all and everyone who worked at the hotel never failed to greet me during my stay. I'm planning on coming back soon and will definitely be staying at The Palazzo.
A few of my friends and i got a room here and it was awesome. the room was spacious enough for everyone to sleep comfortably and we had a room with an awesome view.
Great size rooms for a crowd, but starting to look a little run down and dingy in the casino area.. . I've stayed at the Palazzo a handful of times because you have a large room that can comfortably fit a lot of girls and their luggage. You get two queen beds, along with a sitting area with a pull out couch. The bathroom is large with a double vanity.  The hotel is also conveniently located near a lot of popular nightclubs, such as Tao and Lavo (Ventian and Palazzo), as well as the numerous clubs located in the Wynn and at the Encore (Blush, Surrender, XS, etc) which is located just right across the street.. . If you're staying at the Palazzo, you have access to both the pools for the Ventian and the Palazzo, which is nice because you should be able to find a place to sit.. . The casino area I'm not a big fan of. Mainly because its somewhat dark inside, which gives it a bit of a dingy feel in my opinion. I like casinos have a lot of light (or as much as they possibly can) so I dont feel like I'm in a cave.
I stayed here this past weekend and did not know what to expect. The only time I'd been here was to LAVO or passing thru...Overall, its a nice place to stay and it's super affordable. All of the rooms are "suites"..so if need be, you could pack 6 to a room. We did 3 which was perfect but you never know... Anyways, the rooms are spacious, clean, beds comfy, ample light & plugs (I was here for a bachelorette party) my only complaints are:. . Everything is up to speed- technology wise in the room EXCEPT for the alarm clock. It's this dino-1997 CD player. Who even has CDs anymore? It DOES have a tiny cord to connect an IPOD, but the sound quality is that of a 1997 CD alarm clock. It might sound petty BUT there is a flat screen in the bathroom and you are telling me you cant get an ipod doc / alarm clock?? Seemed really odd. . . Also, the customer service/front desk/concierge/room service... was NOT GOOD- in a nutshell. They screwed up our reservation, told us they didn't have a non-smoking connecting room- took us to a crappy 3rd floor room and only after making a scene- gave us the room we originally reserved. They were hoarding our room. Jerks.. . Room service informed me it would be $5.00 to bring extra glasses and ice. I have NEVER in my life heard this and after complaining they brought it free of charge. WTF. . . So the actual hotel gets my 4-star rating, but the people/service get a 3- and I'm being nice. . . I would stay here again though based on the room & cost....
Love this hotel and casino! Rooms are all suites, modern and very spacious. Personally I prefer this to the Venetian and Venecia. . . Sushi Samba- my favorite sushi restaurant to date is also located in the palazzo.  The menu is a fusion of Brazilian, Peruvian and Japanese. . . Both highly recommended
2nd time staying at palazzo/venetian property.  Big fan of room and bath tub!  No complaints there.. . Loved that they brought by free popsicle sticks out at pool, loved the pools in general.  The ONLY reason why this place gets a 4 instead of the 5 is because of the uncleaned foam/puke lining the pool.  DISGUSTING. and based on previous reviews, an ongoing issue.
I've stayed here a couple times now and am a big fan of this hotel. Big, comfortable, luxurious rooms, nice casino, friendly staff...and the smell! Smells wonderful.. . I recommend this place highly if you can swing the weekend rate of $169...although bear in mind that they add on hotel tax, sale tax, and then add on a $17 resort fee per day so you will end up paying over $200 per night. . . If you stay here, ask the checkin clerk for line passes to LAVO, and make sure see if they have any vouchers for freebies (they do - sometimes you have to slip a tip to get them though).. . The pool areas are very nice. While crowded, you'll find these a little more relaxed than  other pools around Las Vegas. Make sure to order a pitcher of sangria while you relax in the pool all afternoon.. . I'm deducting a star for the simple fact that the pool scene could be better than what it is (they need more staff to serve drinks).. . The shopping is also fabulous. The Shoppes at Palazzo are AMAZING! Must be seen to be believed.
Very large rooms, with nicely furnished living room (3 steps down from the bedroom area). The bathroom is huge. The customer service I had was so much better than the one I got at the Wynn (which has tiny rooms in comparison for a higher price).. . I liked it :). The colors could be more light, but overall I was very satisfied.. Btw, if you've never used a bell man, just do it, they have lots of tips for the area, very helpful if that's your first time in Vegas.
Beautiful hotel right by the adjoining the Venetian.  3.5 stars. . . There are varying food/resto options which makes gives it a good mark in my book.  . . We situated ourselves in a relatively grande suite. The main living area is spacious and is large enough to sleep a huge party of girls. The comfy couches serve as beds while the staff offers rollaways just in case your girls aren't intoxicated enough to knock out on the floor. . . We even had a lil gym room that sported an elliptical machine. It served itself as a glorified towel rack. . . At one point, we had three blowdryers going which in turn ended up shorting the circuits, rendering all our hair gadgets  useless. Sigh. Luckily, the other room which was attached to our suite had functioning outlets. . . Anyway, the room deco struck me odd. I'm not quite sure how to explain it, but it didn't hold as much of a modern value as I would have liked. I did, however, really love the bathroom. It may have been the best part of the suite. . Fyi, our first night, we were in the bella suite, which was smaller, but still boasted enough space tohold 9 people. . . Our second/third night, we had moved to a two bed room suite.
nice suites, clean cut and easy on the eyes lobby that is more classy than other places. The suites are very nice with super comfy couches, tons of tvs, and fast service. The location the really nice for the hotel in general and the casion is nice.
One of the best places to stay in Vegas if you want a suite for a group of 5-8 guys for a bachelor party. We needed a suite with two large beds and large couches. I've stayed at the Venetian before (not a fan) but the Palazzo is a higher end version of the Venetian. I like that the hotel is clean and not incredibly gaudy. Anytime we needed extra towels they were very quick to get them to us. I loved the two tv's in our suite and the layout of the bathroom with a tub and shower. Overall - was very happy with the arrangement and even though we had 6 people we were comfortable thanks to the layout and the L shaped couch which slept two. It was great to have the Walgreens in the basement to buy alcohol and all the Palazzo shopped (which if you bring your wife or gf, they will appreciate). For fourth if July weekend our suite was about $450 with a pretty decent view.
Stayed in the Fortuna Suite and this was one of the biggest rooms I've ever stayed in - simply gorgeous and elegant. I decided to go for the Palazzo over the Venetian b/c I know they're pretty much the exact same rooms, same prices, but Palazzo is newer and newer is (almost) always better :). . . I like the layout of the Palazzo a lot better than theVenetian (esp from the parking garage to check in to the guest elevators - it all flows very nicely unlike the Venetian where you have to bounce around a lot. Not fun). Although the casino is nothing special at all and a bit boring to be honest. It is MUCH easier to navigate though compared to the Venetian and seems a little less "busy" too. I would also say that the Grand Lux Cafe is better at the Palazzo than the Venetian. Also, being a guest of the Palazzo or the Venetian makes no difference in terms of dining and nightlife, so you're considered a "guest" no matter where you are in either place, which is nice. . . I will pick Palazzo over the Venetian from now on. The Venetian being connected makes it easy to go from one place to the other and I just appreciate the new-ness and simplicity more.
We stayed here last weekend for 2 nights and it was great! Nice clean spacious suite with an amazing view of TI! Front row! We also got to watch the TI water show and firework from our room!!  If you are on a budget like us (9 girls) and don't mind sharing 1 bathroom then you should definitely stay here! The toilet has it's own private nook and door which is convenience for 9 girls who are trying to get ready at the same time! However, the bad news is there's no vent = people on the outside can hear all your business, no privacy! (bring your own matches :) beside that the Palazzo was a great, nice and convenience place to stay at, nearby the fashion mall and just a quick walk away from Encore and the Wynn. I would gladly stay here again for my next sin city trip!
Beautiful hotel. For the most part we loved our stay but there were a few things on the negative side. Let's break it down.. . Check in was fast and staff was very friendly. We had asked for an early check-in and had been told they'd try. We ended up not showing up until 3:30 because we assumed they wouldn't have a room ready for early check-in. We were right. They didn't have a room ready for us. They offered to upgrade us to a bigger room with no charge. Since we had booked an in-suite couples massage and it was scheduled at 5, we didn't want to wait. Plus, it was an upgrade. Has to be good, right? Wrong. The room was fine. It was huge. But the room I'd originally booked looked much cuter in the photos. Plus, they put us on the 5th floor with no view of anything at all. . . Overall the room was fine but I think I'd have preferred the room I'd originally booked. Our room was over a suite with a private patio and the people below us ended up having a party. Thankfully, we had plans to head out for a show (Jersey Boys--awesome!) and didn't get back to our room until around 1am. Party was still in full swing but died down by 2. Thank goodness. I know it is Vegas but when I'm in my room I want to relax. If I want loud music and crowds of noisy people, I'll go out. . . The in-suite massage was completely over priced. The people they sent up were nice. The man, I felt, was a bit put out that he had to do a massage in-suite. He even made a comment to the fact that he hadn't had to do one in a long time. He was nice enough but I can read people fairly well and he seemed annoyed with having to be there. The woman was very nice but her skills were lacking. I'm no stranger to massage and her idea of firm pressure is much different than mine. She was a tiny, older woman. There was no pressure and I felt like she was simply rubbing massage oil into my skin...not actually giving a massage. She also seemed hurried. For as much as we paid, I'd expected better. They also didn not bring any music or anything. She told us we were welcome to put on a CD. ???? I'm in a hotel room with no CD player and I didn't bring CDs. Who carts around CDs? I had assumed they'd bring music with them. Anyway, I'd always wanted to have an in-suite massage but I won't do it again. I feel like I totally wasted my money. My consolation is that my husband enjoyed his massage and since he had just returned from Afghanistan, deserved to be pampered. So, in the end, it was worth it just for that.. . Room service was outstanding. We ordered dinner in and it was terrific. When we returned from the show we ordered from the dessert menu and it was amazing. Best milk shake I've had in a long time.. . Bed was comfy, room was clean. The shower was awesome. We were just there for the one night. The negative was not enough to keep me from returning and the positives more than made up for the bad. . . I can see us staying here again in the future.
The Palazzo is very much like The Venetian but BETTER!  Here's why.... . 1)  It's newer. 2)  The dealers are nice and friendly unlike the grouch heads at Venetian. . When I reviewed The Venetian I said that The Venetian was my choice of hotel.  Although I say that The Palazzo is better, I would rather stay at The Venetian.  Here's my reason.  The clientele at the Palazzo is much younger and I don't like being around loud, rowdy people.  Also, I do have to say that the Grand Lux Cafe is better at The Venetian.  So what we normally do is, stay at The Venetian but walk over to The Palazzo to gamble.. . Either way, these 2 hotels are very nice.  The rooms are awesome!  The reason I give them 4 stars is because of the comps.  They make it so hard to earn comps nowadays.  Geez!  How much do I have to lose, I mean gamble.  Haha!  If you have the $$$, stay here.  You'll enjoy it.
Pretty much like the Venetian (they're connected), but it seemed more on the "grown up" side.  Haha.  Spacious rooms, but not as extravagant as those Venetian suites, I felt.. . They have Lavo, which I've never been to-seems like a smaller club.  Cute places to eat and drink at, and take pictures of-but all of the action really is at the Venetian.
Beautifully large rooms! I stayed here for a bachelorette party last year and just took family to Vegas last week. We managed to squeeze two girls on the couches with plenty of rooms for the bachelorette party.. . I noticed that they recently changed their bath products to shoddy quality "house branded" stuff. Not a fan... minus one star!. . Check in was awesome/pleasant and the valet was super nice. I have to give props to this casino's architect for finally building the parking lot underneath so that the walk from the car to room elevators are easy and quick; no need to do the long walk like other casinos!. . I think they are a little lacking in machines/tables/gambling since they are connected directly to the Venetian.. . Plenty of food choices and shopping plus the Louboutin store... what is there not to love?!
Good place to get some Italian Food.
Despite some setbacks (read below) I am still a fan here are the reasons why:. . I'm a fan because: the multiple pools are amazing, the suites are big, location is great, free internet, lock for your laptop, 3 flat screen TVs, automatic curtains.  . . Not a fan: The SLAMMING doors they got to fix this issue you can literally hear doors slam from upstairs, neighbor, etc. Resort fee of about $20/night that is added on. The sheets were dirty it looked like blood or something, when I called in we waiting quite some time for house keeping. I talked to a hotel manager and he refunded our resort fee but that is all they could do. If you are staying on the Treasure Island side get ready to hear the show's fireworks until 12am  . . I'm on the fence about wanting to stay here again, my experience was mixed, I'm still a fan because of the nice set up and space for a hotel room but some of the setbacks really were a pain. I hear Cosmopolitan is suppose to be nice. Maybe Palazzo will offer me a better room next time.
The trick to staying in Vegas is to pick a place that has all suites. That way you know you are getting a larger room - and the Palazzo is no exception. We had two rooms, 4 girls per room, for a bachelorette party here last weekend. The rooms were not only affordable, but really nice and comfortable. . . Rooms: I like that they have a separate seating area for the couch, tv and office area. The couches are so comfortable that if you stumble in late night and end up sleeping on one you won't be upset in the morning. They are large and "L" shaped. The bathroom is large as well, with a vanity and a separate toilet from shower, which is nice when you have a group.. . Pool: We rented a cabana for the day at the Palazzo, which was amazing. It was air-conditioned, had a dvd player and also a personal server for the whole day. It is the way to go if you have a group and surprisingly not over the top expensive. . . Food: Check out Dos Caminos in the lobby area for a great meal. The decor is really cool and the food is good and not overpriced. . . Late Night: Lavo, the club at the Palazzo, though small, had really good dance music the night we were there. Also, the bartenders are really friendly and it was shockingly easy to get a drink even though it was crowded.
I have stayed at many hotels on the strip, and I think Palazzo is definitely one of the best values for the money. All the rooms are very large and in pretty good shape as it is relatively new. We had 2 suites (they call all the rooms suites), one for us and one for the kids. For an extra $100 night we upgraded one of the suites to double the size so we had a huge master bedroom, bathroom, powder room, and combined living room/dining room area. And there was a small exercise room with an elliptical as well. I also love the location of Palazzo: across the street from Wynn/Encore, Fashion Show Mall, and Treasure Island. . . You have a huge number of restaurants you can choose from without ever even going outside. Many of them are on the very $$ side though. There is the Grand Luxe Cafe which is the most reasonable full service restaurant. There are also more fast food like places in the shopping areas of both Palazzo and Venetian. A big plus is the Walgreens inside of the Venetian retail area in case you need cheap water or other snacks or sundries. . . We were somewhat disappointed in the pool area and hence minus one star. It is mostly in the shade until noon or so. The "Azure" pool which is in the sun early was completely closed during the weekdays when we were there so that was no help to us. Good drinks service, but no food service so you'll have to get off your butt if you want something to eat. The pool restaurant is a Wolfgang Puck creation (Solare I think?). Very good pizza, but overpriced as you would expect. If you want to walk a little further you can go up to the Burger joint in the Palazzo shops that has burgers, salads, etc to go which is a lot more reasonable.. . Overall - Palazzo is a place I would highly recommend.
I am a big fan of this place. the only reason I didnt give it 5 stars was cause it was my first time staying there, I think next time I stay there and it's just as good, I'll give it 5 stars.  People there are friendly, casino is great, hotel is clean, the shops there and Venetian are so sweet. Jersey Boys theater is there. Best money for the square feet of the room. check in here and have a blast!!!!
This is a beautiful hotel. The rooms are huge, and they could easily sleep more than they advertise. Also, the rooms are very modern, with three TVs throughout, and a very comfortable bed/sitting area. One of the only complaints we had with this hotel was that when we came into our room, there was a fresh (and still wet) coffee stain on the floor. The front desk immediately sent us to a new room with a much better view, for no additional charge. Very nice people, and great customer service. Also, when we called for an extra blanket, it took half an hour and an additional call to get it to our room. Those are the only bad things that happened during our stay. The facilities are wonderful, especially the pool. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good time in Las Vegas.
Hotel rating: ***** (5 stars) This review is based on the rooms at the Palazzo...AMAZING! Rooms are big and the bathroom is a girls dream. The beds are super comfortable. I would stay here every time!! :). . Club ratinng: *** (3 stars) I also checked out LAVO and the bathouse decor is nice but out of all clubs I went to this place was the most packed. Maybe it was because Rev Run was there but either way, I did not enjoy being out on the dance floor. Security was not cool either...my party was given a half bottle of Grey Goose by a guy who bought the bottle and didn't want it anymore and security took it away from us and said we couldn't have it. What did it matter? The other guy bought it and then gave it to us. That was disappointing. LAME!
Room is very nice and the staff is helpful. Don't like their wifi plan though
Prior to my stay here I was really apprehensive about the Palazzo rooms being dirty and stained and finding god knows what after reading various reviews on this hotel. However, upon arriving I was pleased to see the property itself is gorgeous and upscale looking. I tried checking in at 3pm and was pleased to find no long line like previous reviews mentioned. A manager person greeted me and directed me to a clerk to check me in. The clerk was nice enough but she informed me a room was not ready and that check in time was actually between 3-5pm. Ohkaay, where, anywhere, does it state that but ok. They let us leave our bags and they would call me when a room was ready. The room was ready a short time later and I was pleased to find it clean, no mystery stains, yay! . I will say like others have some things needed attention like replacing remote batteries and better toiletries but beyond that the room was clean, quiet, and beds were comfortable. I ordered breakfast room service twice and was very pleased with the quality and the timeliness. The casino is indeed smaller than Venetian's but it's just a short walk to the next casino. Overall, I would stay again especially if there's a good deal.
Ok I pretty much stay here everytime I come to vegas... the rooms are fantastic our host pablo is amazing and the overall feel of the place is upbeat and energized. . . ONLY complaint. The CASINO staff is the WORST I've ever seen. The dealers are awful in the pit and the pit bosses are even worse. The lack of customer service is unreal. I love this hotel and if I am taking the risk of gambling I would like to risk it where I stay but with the type of people I dealt with this weekend I am very reluctant. I've worked in the casino bussiness for 5 years or so and I would be firing people if they acted anywhere near what I saw this weekend. I hope this gets attended too as this hotel is one of my favorites in vegas.
Came to the Palazzo for a 15-member bachelor party in late August.  The rooms are spacious, bathroom larger than some apartments I have lived in, a shower head that will leave you refreshed if not blown away, and some nice beds to sleep off whatever you put in your body for the day.  Valet helped arrange a limo on the spot, front desk was friendly, and the rooms were cleaned right on time.  A bit pricey for what you get in Vegas, especially during the slower time for the economy.  Ask for a strip-view up on the higher floors and you won't be disappointed.
You all know about the fabulous suites.. . Handing out free popsicles by the pool - that is a nice touch.  Lots of nice pools so there is no need to pay and go to Azure.. . You get a little sick of hearing Phantom every time you ride the elevator.
Yelp 365 Challenge: 48/365 . . Alright, hypothetical scenario, what would be your response to the following: . . Say you just met someone you're really interested in. You're first encounter was a success and a second is inevitable. However, scheduling is hard between the two of you. As a compromise, the person says "Hey, I've got a younger sibling. They're just as hot as me (if not more), and about 8 years younger. I know you guys will totally get along... Don't worry, I don't mind sharing. Oh, and your date is totally on me!" . . *********************!!!!!!!!!!Jackpot!!!!!!!!!!********************* . . That's basically how my relationship with The Palazzo started. After my first encounter with The Venetian, I was totally a fan and couldn't wait to get back there. Naturally, I enrolled in their loyalty program (Grazie) and started to receive offers for free rooms. Sadly, our schedules weren't a good fit. However, in walks in the younger, sexy sibling... The Palazzo. The rest is history! . . The Palazzo is the younger, modern, and chic sibling I was thrilled to meet. Her vibe is very sexy and tantalizing while maintaining a demeanor of cool and collected. Think beautiful woman in a sexy outfit commanding a boardroom full of CEO's. The crowd here is definitely older and more eclectic. She attracts a more diverse crowd comprised of international travelers from around the globe. . . Again, I'm in love with the rooms because they are all suites! The smallest room they have here is 720 square feet! Layout is pretty much the same as The Venetian. But the in-room decor and accents are updated. To quote Barney Stinson "Newer is Better". The standard suite is either 1 King or 2 Queens, sunken living room, marble bathroom/foyer, separated shower and bath, 40" flat screen in the living room, 40" at the base of the bed, and 19" flat in the bathroom. . . The Palazzo also has some of the best on property amenities! My favorites include Emeril Lagasse's Stadium, Cut by Wolfgang Puck, and Grand Luxe Cafe. . . The casino is great because of the large vaulted ceilings. The smell of cigarette & cigar smoke is dispersed nicely. They even have a non-smoking corridor which is great! . . Overall, The Palazzo is my second home away from home. I am more than thrilled to stay here when I'm in town. My only gripe is the bottleneck that can occur in the elevator banks when conventions are in town. The Palazzo is closer to the convention halls and thousands of people coming and going at the same time really congest the elevators. But that's minor!
We were at Palazzo resort for three nights. We had three nights of clean, smell free, noise free sleeping. We did not hear the foot steps from above or corridor. We did not hear the noise of people taking shower or flush toilets.  The suite is good enough size. The free Wi-Fi made internet use easy. I gave it a 4 stars rating because it charges a $17 a day of resort fee. I did not understand why I had to pay the resort fee since I just used the room, go out and sleep.
(+). - large rooms. - slightly newer than venetian. . (-). - shower head pressure. . Last time I was in vegas we got our room upgraded from venetian to palazzo. suhweet! Rooms are similar save for some small differences and you can tell all the roomwares are newer.. . The water pressure in the shower seemed like it was at the highest possible setting. Protect your nipples people! If showering in 80mph water is palazzos way of shortening shower time and saving water then more power to them cause it worked on me.
I like this hotel a lot. I stayed in it last week. It's pretty much the same thing as The Venetian but a different name. I'm pretty sure it's under the same ownership.. . The price of the room was decent--I don't remember what we paid.. . The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly, they have good restaurants, the tables in the casino were good to me.. . Highly recommended hotel.
This Place is great for you big High rollers. Very clean and nice inside. The staff was very friendly. The big flaw in my book are the expensive drinks. $12 for a red bull and vodka...Yikes!
Beautiful suite, great food, loooooveeed the bed, casino was on point with the drinks, and overall good experience.
We stayed here on our most recent trip to Vegas.  We enjoyed the large suite (even though we were not in it much).  . . We lucked out and booked the hotel through Hotwire, so we got a great deal on it.  The hotel and casino were very clean and the staff was friendly and helpful.  Our biggest complaint would have been the valet.  It took FOREVER for them to get our car, so we ended up just self parking.  Not the end of the world, but sort of disappointing when the rest of our stay was so wonderful.  . . My husband was very impressed with the gym.  He said it was the best hotel gym he had ever been in.. . My husband has stayed in the Venetian and said that the rooms were very similar.  There was a larger suite next to our sweet and one day while we were leaving house keeping was in there cleaning after the guests had departed so they let us take a peek.  It was sort of fun to see how the other half live (pool table, hot tub etc.)  . . We were very pleased with our stay and will more than likely return again!
A girls weekend birthday bash. Where to go? Why, Vegas of course! The next decision? Where to stay!. I went online and researched several hotel options finally settling on a "suite" package at The Palazzo. With the package were were allotted a room credit for use with the mini bar or movies, discounts at certain restaurants & stores, and 2 for 1 drink certificates for some of the hotel bars. . I was met at the hotel by my best friend, who had flown in from Chicago for our celebratory weekend. We checked in at noon (bonus that our room was ready before normal check-in hours) and were ushered 21 floors up to our suite - it did not disappoint. The bathroom was luxurious and spacious enough for 3 ladies to share for 3 days. (another friend flew in from Philly later that evening) The beds and linens were plush and comfortable. The sunken sitting area/living room was great extra space to spread out and enjoy cocktails. And the view was amazing! We looked onto the pool as well as the strip with views of Trump Tower, Treasure Island and Fashion Show. . Within The Palazzo you'll find plenty to do. From restaurants (Dos Caminos, Tao and Sushi Samba) to bars/nightclubs (Lavo, Tao Nightclub, V Bar, Laguna Champagne Bar) the casino, and the Shoppes at the Palazzo there is plenty to entertain you and you literally don't even have to leave the hotel. Even nicer, is the fact you can access The Venetian as well as Encore and Wynn quite easily since they are all linked by pedestrian bridges. . For a girls weekend, birthday or any other event where Vegas calls, I would highly recommend checking out The Palazzo. Even better if you can score a deal during off season, like I did. Waking up in a comfortable, luxurious room, is well worth the hangover you're likely to incur during your visit! Viva Las Vegas!
I've stayed here on many occasions.  Recently stayed for a friend's birthday celebration.  9-11 girls in one room was manageable.. . Love that the rooms are all suites. The beds are ridiculous.  Like sleeping on a cloud.  Service was impeccable.  And the location is super convenient. Definitely a favorite.. . Ball so hard!
Stayed here, in some kind of suite, with a couch, it was nice, modern appeared newly done. I like the summer Azzule pool parties. The shops are also great (it has A mall inside). Nice hotel will stay here again (good for summer ps in Vegas).. I don't like that if you open the refrigerator you are automatically charged whether you drink the drinks in there or not.
I was here just to wander, eat, see Jersey Boys, didn't get a room.  It seems cleaner and nicer than the Venetian and it's relatively easy to get around.  It didn't smell quite as smokey.  I'd try staying here next time, rather than the Venetian.
Stayed at the Palazzo for a crazy Halloween weekend in Vegas. . . With almost no deals that weekend, being that the Cigar Convention AND that is was Halloween, we were going to pay a pretty penny anywhere we went. At least at the Venetian and Palazzo, you get a little suite with your room. . . I've stayed at the Venetian, and the Palazzo definitely feels like a mini upgrade. The building is newer, the rooms are modern-chic, and the room had a total of three tvs. One in the bathroom! . . I got to shower, while watching the Rocky Horror Picture Show, on Halloween. You can't beat that!!. . Room service was fast and pretty affordable. The beds were very comfy, and the couch could have held 2 extra party crashers on it. The parking was confusing at first, but after one time, it's easy.
I've been to this hotel on multiple occassions for business and pleasure and its my preference at the moment in Vegas.  The majority of the rooms are all the same and labeled as 'suites'.  You have the main entrance to your room, the bathroom and bed immediately inside and then you get this 3 step strairs to the "social area" or whatever you want to call it where you can gaze out over the Nevada area.  I've never had an issue with service, from checking my car in with valet to my room and leaving again.  . . The upside - This casino has a lot going for it.  Location is fairly nice being central on the strip.  Its surrounded by other nice hotels too.  I'm not a smoker but this is Vegas but this hotel has managed to strike a nice balance.  In major walkway routes through the hotel and other heavy traffic areas like food areas smoking is notallowed and security or staff will ask you to move along.  Smoking IS allowed on the casino floor and in most other areas.  Overall the ambience is great and its very enjoyable.. . The downside - You're going to pay a little more for your hotel room.. . . One of these days I'd love to get a super awesome room at the upper most floors and if I manage that while the hotel is still awesome, I'll update my review which will probably push this to 5 stars.
I've stayed at the Wynn Encore, and I was hoping to stay again at the Wynn, but the conference I was at was at the Venetian so I stayed here instead.. . I think that the Wynn is nicer and more upscale, but after spending several days at the Palazzo I ended up liking this complex very much. A very extensive complex with lots of restaurant and some pretty unique shops and a good gym/spa.  . . Next time I come I'll be hard pressed to decide whether to stay at the Wynn (slightly more upsacle but a little less to do) or the Palazzo. Maybe a few nights at each. . . Why I would not come back to the Palazzo - the constant Phantom of the Opera music in the elevators and the other crappy shows at the Palazzo.
Okay. I never stayed at this place because normally it's a 5 Star, Super Expensive Hotel, like the Wynn or Caesar's. But Michael Woods was DJ-ing at the Lavo Club during my business trip (when I stayed at the Imperial) and it was just next door. So Eric and I decided to check it out. We had dinner reservations at the Lavo restaurant, started with a glass of wine which cost $15/glass... (BTW, we decided to have dinner because it saved us $50 on cover charge to the club, so something to consider if you want to do the same) The bartender poured us a FULL glass in a nice, big wine glass, so I felt like I paid for 2 servings. BTW, Lavo means 'to cleanse' in Latin... which was interestingly true to its name, based on my dining experience which I'll explain shortly.. I was amazed at the decor... Stunning, Chic, Exotic, Upscale... Sexy... with Great sound system. Very nicely done ( And I am kind of hard to please...)  Reminded me of Tao at the Venetian but classier (is the right word?) There were a good mix of people, very well dressed (90% were) from early 30s to mid 50s. It was a Tuesday night but the place was packed! I found out later that the Palazzo had a great promotional room rate for $120 a night, when the rates are $250 +. Had I known about this sooner, I wouldn't have minded staying there on my last night... Hopefully they'll keep offering great deals in the future.. Anyway, we waited about 15 minutes before we were escorted to our table, which wasn't too bad. . Our server was I have to say the hottest looking one there... but he wasn't the most social one I've met. Okay, now for the fun part.... the Food.. Well, I went with the margherita pizza and Eric ordered spaghetti with Kobe meat balls (highly recommended by our server) and we split a house salad. We were served garlic bread supposedly 'compliments from the chef'.... isn't bread supposed to be 'free' anywhere? . My favorite thing to eat that night...? The Salad. . I was disappointed at the pizza... it was thin crust but it was dry and way too much garlic on it. So was the bread.... Beware. If you are Not a Garlic Fan (BTW, i am one but except for Kimchi, I usually cook the garlic!) just try a small piece. My breath smelled garlic all night, but that's not the worst part.... about 2 hours later, I was running for the bathroom and I was in and out at least 4 times. Good thing the bathroom wasn't too crowded that night. The food just ran right through me.... It was the Raw Garlic on my bread and Salty Pizza and Meatballs that did it... the gallon of water and tea I downed all night didn't help either. I should have known better. But I ate most of my pizza because I didn't want to waste a $18 meal... and I helped Eric with one of his Kobe meatballs.... it was a $30 plate... but They were Huge! It was hard for both of us to finish the food since it was a good serving. My take on the Kobe meatballs? Disappointing. They were tender and I could tell they were made from Kobe beef... but they were way too salty. Yes, my homemade regular turkey meatballs taste way better. . Anyway, my point is All the Food (at least that night I was there) was Way too Salty and Garlicky. And keep in mind, Garlic and Salt are natural remedy for Diarrhea.... Sorry I hope you're not eating while reading this... :-O. Back to my evening at the Lavo... Palazzo. The club opens at 11pm during the week and at 10pm on weekends... so we had an hour to spare after dinner. So we decided to walk around. Here's the best part. The entire casino was Smoke Free!! Wow, it was such a different experience to be in a casino in Vegas that didn't smell like cigarettes! (BTW, you can smoke at the Lavo Club, but the ventilation there is really great, so it wasn't too bad). So, as we were walking around, Eric encouraged me to play a 5 cts poker machine. So we picked one and put a $20 bill in it.... Are you ready for this?. In the second hit, I got 4 Aces!!!!!!!!! I Won $130!. Okay, here's the BIG TIP. You HAVE TO BET MAXIMUM, NO MATTER WHAT YOU PLAY IN ORDER TO WIN ANYTHING, ESPECIALLY IF YOU WANT TO WIN BIG. PERIOD.. So I said well, I'll just spend the rest of my $20 and we will cash out.. Guess what?! On my 5th hit, I got another 4 Aces!!!!!!!! Anyway, I walked out of the casino with $225 cash so it basically paid for our whole evening and room. Yeah!!. The Lavo Club was really nice. It was not a big place, but I prefer intimate clubs like that. Sound system and lighting were amazing! The musics loud, but it's one of the clubs that you can have a conversation with the person next to you!  . There was a good crowd of people that night and we stayed from 11pm - 2am... Michael Woods didn't start till 1am, but we enjoyed his music for about an hour and walked back to our hotel. There you have it! . So, If it weren't for the food, I would have rated 5 stars for this place! I would definitely want to check out the casino, maybe stay there sometime, if the rates are good ... and Play my Machine again! :-)
Stayed here for a conference and it was nice.  Luckily there was a conference rate, I wouldn't have been able to squeeze the corporate-approved travel budget to fit their usual rate.  Rooms are, as noted across the board, huge.  It's a new place, so it's pretty nice.  There's a TV in the bed area, a TV in the sunken living room (10 feet to the side of the bed area), and a TV in the bathroom.  You will never lack for a TV in these rooms.  The entire hotel is ginormous, but that can have its benefits, especially being attached to the Venetian, in terms of number of shopping and dining options available -- A LOT.  Vegas, in this sense, has furthered itself in becoming the new Texas -- it's hot, sunny, dusty, everything's bigger, and for some reason crazy Uncle Larry really wanted to move there when he retired.  . . The bathroom has a separate shower and tub, and the shower has those jets that squirt you in places that you don't normally get squired in.  . . There's a super handy Walgreen's practically in the hotel for slightly more reasonably priced water and snacks.  . . There is no fridge in the room, unfortunately...and by no fridge I mean no fridge for you, since the mini-fridge is filled with glass harmonicas full of Coca-Cola and bags containing 1 cashew nut for $72.50 and things like that.
I think I was expecting the new hotel it was in 2007, and I have to say that I was disappointed. Having stayed here when it opened, I would have given it 5 stars, but after a couple years, this hotel has worn down quite a bit. . . The rooms are still decently clean and look luxurious at first glance, but once you get in there and start "living" in the room, you notice all the dingy little details...the water stains on the marble sinks, the splotchy,disgusting stains on the sofa and cushions...you really start to wonder who and what has been in the room and what they've been doing...ew.... . To the hotel's credit, they were very nice and accomodating, giving me a free upgrade for being an invited guest. We got a great view of the pool on a high floor and the the linens were soft and clean. We did not have any problems with the hotel maid, considering we had random valuables and several bottles of "beverages" lying around...nothing went missing! :) . . They didn't hassle us having multiple people in one room, so that was nice. This is a great hotel if you're looking for suites to jam a ton of people into one room, but if you're looking for a WOW experience, I have to say the Palazzo falls short. . . I will say that they always offer me great deal through Grazie and I probably will still patronize this hotel. I'm ready to try something new though if I get a chance. :)
nice newer and fance pants place..very nice i wish I could stay here sometime.
Was attending Autodesk University last week as since we were with the group we got an excellent rate on a suite - I must say I was quite impressed.. . There was ample room and a posh interior - much more space than I could ever use solo, but if you're rooming with others this would be a great option. There's a clear sleeping area and visiting/lounging area. The bathroom is almost as big as my first one bedroom apartment, but a lot nicer.. . I was only there two nights, but the staff was helpful and friendly. At the bottom of the tower is Bouchon Bakery, which was great as I could pick up some coffee and munchies before heading to the convention center.. . I've stayed at a number of places on the strip - the Palazzo is definitely one of the nicer venues and (given a killer rate) I'd for sure stay there again.
Nice hotel connected to the Venetian. We stayed at the Venetian, but this one looks pretty nice as well. The restaurants and bars/lounges are plentiful and the location is great.
This hotel has an elegant decor compared to some of the modern hotels in here in Vegas. The staff was very nice and very helpful. The room was excellent. I absolutely love that it also has a living area to lounge around in. The beds were extra comfy and the bathrooms are wide and open with an extra television to watch as I get ready. There's also a vanity area as well with a beauty mirror on the side. All amenities available for every need. Perfect. I also love how this hotel is connected to the venetian. I love everything about this hotel/casino. The only thing I wanted to kinda pick at was the fact that every time I stood near a gambling table to watch my friends play, the dealer cards me and only me. No matter how many of my friends or other people are around me, they do not card everyone else. Even when my friend brought up to the dealer why he only carded me and not him or his wife, the dealer said absolutely nothing. Other than that, I love this hotel.
Very pretty hotel and we had fun walking through all of the shops and eating at the Grand Lux and seeing Jersey Boys here. Due to the issues with our room at the Ventian, we may stay in a room at this hotel next time since I was sent a free upgrade coupon...
I used to love this place and still do.... but, personally, I think it has gone downhill a little.  Maybe, I'm just too picky.  It's been almost two years since I was last here.  This time, I notice, their sheets was a bit rough... OMG, it wasn't even funny!  Overall, the place is nice, customer service is still excellent, decores are still awesome... and lastly, I won here on the slot machine.  Not much, but, still won!!!
One of the best places to stay on the strip, but a tad on the expensive side. Look for web specials or discounts from your airline. I was able to get a nice discount by booking through Southwest.
Oh, Palazzo-Venetian-Palazzo. You're beautiful and I hate you. Spent a total of 7 weeks here in 2011 and if I hear another two bars from "Music of the Night" I'm going to run around back of house until I find a pencil to gouge out my eardrums. The rooms are spectacular always. Don't get off where people claim that one side is nicer than the other...they're both the same, people. In neither tower can you sit in your bathtub and watch the bathroom tv at the same time (what is the point?). The handicap rooms seems smaller, just because the living room isn't sunken... but they're still pretty close. . . Everytime I come to the Palazzo/Venetian, I have a bit of an Indiana Jones moment where I try to swap something of similar weight with the minibar items. I don't know why I bother, but one day I will get it right. . . The St. Mark's Square area is downright creepy... I don't care how many times you've seen it. Truman Show needed an inspiration, and I'm sure they got it from here. I don't get the indoor gondola rides, but I don't claim to understand the thinking of people who go to Vegas for fun either. Lost my small fair share of money in the casino. I always start out as a good blackjack player, but rarely do I end up as one. . . Everything is expensive, as it would be at an expensive hotel. $8 lattes even get me though. Grand Luxe is one of the more affordable restaurants and quite good. They also have the food court off the casino (mediocre) and the food court off of St. Mark's (where you can see the Johnny Rocket's staff painfully...and I mean PAINFULLY... do their song and dance every so often) which has a Panda Express, aforementioned JR, and a few other random places that seem to switch out occasionally. There's also a froyo place, oxygen bar, frozen alcohol bar, and some other places that you rarely see people frequent.. . High end clothing stores are nice to look at...Michael Kors, Kenneth Cole, etc. but there's also a Walgreen's attached near the Barney's New York where you can stock up on vitals for only slightly exaggerated prices. . . Banquets and convention staff are hot and cold. Have had them been effing amazing and downright mediocre. Blue Man Group, Phantom of the Opera and Jersey Boys are all housed in the V/P. Tao is an ok nightclub, but I'm glad I've never had to pay to get in. Lavo's pretty good as well. . . Overall, gorgeous hotel, okay everything else.
Stayed here from Christmas until the 27th then stayed at the Aria till the 30th, but I'm writing a review on the Palazzo first before I jump into Aria where I'll most likely make some comparisons.. . I didn't handle the check-in other than to sign that allowed me to charge stuff to the room, but from what I've seen, the whole thing went smoothly for my parents who were doing  the checking-in stuff. . . The room: HUGE! Sure it was just the regular standard suite, but you can easily have 6 people sleep in here and still have enough space unlike the Aria. The room has 3 TVs, one in the 'bedroom', one in the living room, and one in the bathroom. This is pretty good if you have a lot of people in your group or if you have kids. No worries about fighting over the remote. The room has a remote for the curtains which is pretty convenient. No more having to close the curtains yourself.. The bathroom has two sinks, separate shower and tub, and a room for the toilet. They renovated the shower from the last time I was there. Instead of just a shower head now, they also have those fancy shower spray things that you would find in a spa. Really great! The issue I had with the bathroom though was the placement of the tub and TV. It's kinda hard to watch the TV while taking a bath because you sorta have to sit sideways in order to watch TV, which is kinda annoying because I want to relax, rather than sit crosslegged trying to watch TV. . If you're someone who needs a lot of space in the room, Palazzo is a great place. Unlike Aria, you've got a ton of room for putting things. The bathroom at Palazzo had a vanity table where you could put your makeup stuff there whereas at Aria, I had to put them in the main room since there wasn't a table at all. Overall, the room or suite at the Palazzo is pretty damn good.. . The casino: Basically they have your standard stuff. Slot machines ranging from 1 cent to $500 (or was it $1000?), tables with plenty of different games, and such. One thing I do like about this casino is that it's very easy to navigate in comparison to other casinos and you're able to find things pretty easily. As well, it's connected to Venetian.. . Location: It's in the heart of the strip with Treasure Island, Wynn, Fashion Show Mall, and Harrah's all being within walking distance. As well, it's connected to The Venetian, so if you're bored with Palazzo, but too lazy to go out, you can walk to Venetian and maybe do some shopping along the way since the area between the two contains a lot of shops and restaurants.. . Parking: The self-park parking lot is pretty big with a few levels, but if you're searching for a space near the elevators, good luck, especially if it's during the high season.The one thing i liked about this parking lot over Aria's is that each level has a elevator that takes you directly to the casino whereas at Aria you still have to walk a bit to get there.. . The hotel elevators: They need to get rid of the POTO music. And I say this as a POTO fangirl who ships the Phantom and Christine pretty damn hard. 99% of the music I hear in the elevator is the main theme song or Music of the Night. At the very least, give me Past the Point of No Return! And the music is from the movie soundtrack, rather than the original recording with Crawford and Brightman. Yes I know, they're trying to promote POTO that plays at The Venetian, but come on!. . Overall I recommend Palazzo if you have a lot of people staying with you and need enough space for everyone's things. Also good if you don't want to walk too much, but still cover enough casinos and shops to go to. It's definitely not very tech savy unlike Aria, but it does its job very well.
This is a BEAUTIFUL hotel and is more elegant than the Venetian.  The only challenge is the price.  Everything is very expensive.
The Palazzo has become my favorite hotel to stay at when I go to Vegas. The location is great. The theme and decor are nice considering its reasonable rates. My friends and I had a ball. The staff were nothing but helpful, making checking in and out a cinch. There's some kind of pool club (not quite sure what it is but you have to be 21 to enter) that's super fun! It's a great place to hang with your friends sans the kids at the general patron pools.
The palazzo is definitely one of my favorite casinos in Las Vegas! . . The interior design is beautiful. The staff is friendly and the suites are so charming. The in suite furniture and bathroom interior is definitely top notch! I love staying here, but it is a bit pricey. If you love to gamble though, sign up for a Grazie card and earn points for upgrades! But honestly if you're not willing to pay between $180-$250 a night, I'd steer clear.
Very nice rooms and very curtious service.   Spacious suite with nice bathroom. Quite, no hall noise.  Bed wasn't as comfortable as I hoped. . . Will definitely stay here again.
This is a great hotel with charming suites! Our check-in process was smooth and easy.The bathrooms in the rooms are huge and everything is clean. The only bad thing was when we checked-out they gave us someone else's receipt?? Don't know how that happened. When we had to go back to ask about it to make sure we weren't charged for someone else's room, the lady helping us didn't seem very apologetic for the mistake and confusion. In the end everything got sorted out, and she even offered to waive our resort fee. Despite that little mishap, we will most likely come here again!
Stayed at the Bella Suite from Sunday to Thursday before Christmas 2011. . . Hotel/Casino/Lobby -. The hotel/casino is very luxurious with beautiful decor. Over the Christmas break, they had free hot apple cider at the lobby which was a great touch.The casino tables are usually pretty empty with minimum bets at $25 in the evenings. The casino is typically busier at the Venetian next door.The lobby is small according to Vegas standards which is a plus since you don't have to walk too far from the entrance or parking area to your room.. . Room -. The Bella suite is spacious and the beds are very comfortable. Some of the furniture and walls in the bathroom are starting to show their age with scratch marks.  They charge $17 a day for resort fees which include in room WIFI, access to the Canyon Ranch Spa/Gym for 2 per day, and morning papers at Cafe Presse.  There is a printer/fax/copier in each Bella suite, however, we had 2 suites with joining doors and both of the printers did not have ink in them.. . Overall -. The best thing about this hotel is its location and easy access in/out of the hotel. The small casino and lobby is great if you like to avoid the crowd. The rooms are spacious and very comfortable although in-room furniture is older when compared to hotels like Wynn or Encore.
Spent the last 3 days here as part of a time share "BS" arrangement. If you don't mind swapping half of a day for 2 free nights in a swanky hotel it's totally worth it! (see South Park Episode for ref) The room was among the largest I've ever stayed in. Plus there were a million TVs and mirrors (heheh... maniacal laugh). The Casino and hotel staff are very friendly & helpful. Points off for resort fee, crazy mini bar tricks (weight sensitive & charged if items are moved for more than 30 seconds), & no space in mini fridge for your own beverages!!!! I was told upon checkout that we could've gotten a second mini fridge for our own bevs but, with an additional fee, seriously!?!?....;/ Plus I love the fact that this is attached to the Venetian which has the best combination of cheese/class that I've seen in Vegas (gondola rides & fake skies!) I was kinda tired by the end of our stay about negotiating/trading your way out of all the exorbitant prices & fees but, I guess that's just Vegas for ya.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE my room at the Palazzo. The suite style is set up perfectly. Sunken living room with comfy L shaped couch, excellent view from the 20th floor of the strip. Plasma TVs in each room area including the bathroom!. . The staff is excellent and very accomodating. The casino and restaurants within are great as well! The rates may be a little higher than some of the other hotels on the strip but well worth the price! My only qualm is that when I entered the room the heat was overpowering and left the room a bit musty smelling. After a quick fix to the AC I was back in business!
Beautiful place to stay. Stayed with about 11 people is a lovely suite overlooking the strip, with a dipped living room area and bed sleeping area. The furnishings were beautiful, and just staying in the hotel made me feel super nice and important haha. Room service was pretty good and bringing up towels and blankets. Wish they had more toilet paper and tissues in stock.. . Definitely enough space to fit a large group of people. Pretty comfortable to sleep there, and it wasn't super far from food and the taxis. Having the Venetian attached to was great, easy access to TAO, the shops, and just other casino in general.. . Definitely check this place out to stay!
The suite was very spacious and clean. Love the contemporary look. Felt as if there was too much empty space and it didn't flow well with the whole room. Great to party and to have business meetings.
First thing you do when you get to the Palazzo or Venetian: Get a player's club card. Second thing you do: Start gambling and get those comps. . . The Palazzo is definitely one of the better hotels in Vegas, room-wise. Not too old, the bathrooms are nice and big and it's real spacious in general. For the most part,  it's like the other Vegas hotels. What sets it apart though is the amount of room you get. The only place I liked better was the Wynn or was it Encore? One of those. In any case, this is one of the better hotels to stay at. Plus, there's a Walgreens down below if you ever get thirsty and it's really close to Wynn/Encore. No more walking the entire length of the strip when you come stumbling out of XS at 4 in the morning.
The Palazzo is a great place to stay if you have a large group.  6 people can fit in their rooms very comfortably.  Rooms were clean and spacious.  Location is pretty good, next to the Wynn/Encore which has my favorite club and pool.   I would definitely stay here again in the future.  Vegas!!!!!
Highest review ill give a hotel in the USA. Great place to stay! Very nice rooms and the service is always professional.
Wonderful restaurants, and awesome shops to shop at.
I accompanied my partner on a business trip to Las Vegas and enjoyed my stay at The Palazzo.  Newer than the Venetian, I found the facilities to be of higher functioning quality and cleaner.  We were lucky enough to snag a Strip-view room on the 39th floor and enjoyed watching the Treasure Island volcano erupt at night.  . . Conference staff were top-notch and the rest of our interactions with staff members were a mixed bag with some going out of their way to be of assistance (Security) while others couldn't be bothered (Grazie and Housekeeping).  . . In fact, my only real negative experiences were with housekeeping for a variety of reasons  including some cleanliness issues like not exchanging the wine/water glasses and former guest business cards and rubbish on the floor as well.  I was also disappointed that they did not visit my room twice during my five night stay, even though it was available from 11-5.  I also noticed that even though the hotel conserves water only changing sheets when requested, it also claims the sheets will be changed on your 3rd night regardless and they were not.  . . None of these issues are terribly significant but I was surprised to be asked on my second day there why I had not left the room yet and if I had a late check-out -- I explained I was actually there for 3 more nights.  On the actual check-out day, housekeeping attempted to enter the room at 9:30 am and luckily I had the bar lock over the door preventing their entry because they provided a quick rudimentary knock before attempting to open the door.. . Resort Fee Tip: The resort fee includes a complimentary newspaper and coffee daily at Cafe Presse on the second floor near the guest elevators - don't miss it!  Fee also includes access to the fitness facility with a variety of cardio, assisted weights, and free weights available.  Unfortunately I only found out on my last day there that I could pay $20 to attend a group fitness class which would give me access to the various water features of the spa for the remainder of the day.
This hotel is EXQUISITE.  I was here for my bachelorette party this weekend and I loved everything in the room from the bedding to the bathrooms!  Our suite was decked out with 3 TV's (one in the bathroom... So handy for turning on music or just staying entertained while you're getting ready for a night out, etc.) and had a cute office area for those who needed to get a little bit of work done.  . . The beds are SO COMFY.  They have these awesome Sealy posturepedic beds that make you feel like you are sleeping on a cloud!  And the sheets... OH THE SHEETS! LIKE BUTTA! LOL.. . Pros:. -Beautiful suites. -Amazing room layout (Totally made for partying). -Comfy beds. -Lots of TV's!. -The Palazzo/Venetian have the best spas around. . Cons:. -A tad bit pricy. -Housekeeping is really hit or miss with requests . -Views are kind of crappy depending on your room. . Tips:. -Use the wireless without fear.... It's not REALLY $15.99; it's included in the resort fee.
I will give it 4 stars only because of the initial portion of my stay. Let me explain. When we first arrived check-in was pretty easy. The valet was easy to maneuver and the bell hop took our bags right away. I did use the $20 sandwich tip and it worked out great. He was able to move us to the 44th floor for the strip view. He also provided us with some complimentary tickets to Lavo. We went up to our room in the Venetian and there was dried up vomit on the couch and floor. This was extremely unacceptable for a 5 star hotel that we paid $300.00 a night for. I called down to the front desk to let them know what was in my room. (This is why i gave it 4 stars instead of 5) He immediately said he was going to upgrade my room for my troubles. He moved me and my party from the Venetian to the Palazzo. They upgraded my room for free, waived all my resort fees, gave us free drink tickets and had the bell hop take care of all our bags from the trip from the Venetian to the Palazzo. The vomit was really the best thing that happened to us all weekend. When we got up to our room at the Palazzo, it was amazing. What a fantastic view and easily one of the roomiest and best rooms I've ever stayed in. The suite had 3 tv's in the room, yes 3 tv's. It also had a shower and bathtub which came in handy when we filled the bathtub with all our alcohol. The blackout curtains were also amazing. No light went into my sleepy eyes at 2pm. The beds were pretty comfortable and controls to the A/C & heat were easy to control. I didn't like how they only have a cd player that looks like it was from 2003. This is a state of the art hotel. At least get an ipod hookup to listen to music. The bathrooms were huge. The toilet area was separate from the shower/bathtub that way no one has to smell the beer craps the next day.. . About the rest of the Hotel: If you go during sports seasons, go to Lagasses Sports Book. It is by far the best sports book in Vegas. They have the most comfortable seats, great food and a fantastic atmosphere. I would stay at the Palazzo again in a second. The Venetian...not so much.
I'm so glad we decided to stay at The Palazzo instead of Circus Circus. . The hotel's got a great location and is connected to The Venetian, I think Palazzo's the newer one.. Got a suite for 2 nights for $610 - 2 queen sized beds and a sofa bed. Everything is of top standards. . The only thing I'd prefer is a bigger casino - there weren't many $5 or $10 blackjack tables and I like to start out small since it is my first time hitting the tables.. Other than that, I enjoyed my short and crazy trip to Vegas!
Great location, great suite (updated compared to Venetian) and a nice smaller size casino.  Would definitely stay here again.
This is how you do Vegas! My boys & I came to celebrate one of our b-days & being unable to get a room at our usual Venetian we stayed here. Couldn't of been happier! Especially having a smoking room to puff on some of that Laker purp! We came prepared with a few bottles of  Patron & cases of beer to cut down some what on the cost of alcohol. We also brought a boom box since they don't provide one! Get it together Palazoo! Party on floor 9 was what every guest was saying on the elevator! Guess they heard our music & smelled the sweet aroma of the Cali flowers. Like one of the other reviewers mentioned AT&T not having reception she is 100% correct! I was having a hard time checking in on Yelp! The pool area is nice, but unfortunately it wasn't filled with bomb looking women like at other pools. Azure was cracking though! $10 a head for guys, but received a card that would allow us in all year for free. The roulette & blackjack tables were hot! Paid us out quite handsomely :) Can't wait for summer we'll be back Palazzo!!!
A very elegant and beautiful place!  Pricey, of course, but even if you're not staying here and just being a tourist you can appreciate it: stop by, play a little, and take in the surroundings.
A true Las Vegas experience! And the Palazzo made it happen. The location of the Palazzo was great - in the middle of the strip yet still far away from all the foot traffic of the tourists. We loved the location close to the Wynn and Encore for buffet and nightlife, respectively. . . We had 6 girls and were able to easily fit in a Bella Suite. The Bella Suite had 2 queen incredibly comfy beds and a nice sleeper sofa that can fit 6-7 people. We told the hotel 2 people and were able to fit 6 girls in the suite comfortably. The bathroom had a double sink, bathtub, shower, and vanity with a private toilet! This was such a perfect arrangement for us 6 girls to use the bathroom all together. . . Service was great and the gym was relatively big. I would definitely go back again. The only thing I didn't like was the small casino. I would just go to the Venetian next door which has a bigger casino.
Overall, I was very impressed with The Palazzo.  It is a newer hotel/casino on the strip and the rooms look that way, too.  For the price you pay, they are some of the larger rooms on the strip.  The Cosmopolitan charges even more money for a smaller room.  A $20 tip to the front desk attendant got us a great room with an amazing view of the strip and Treasure Island.  We got a suite with a large comfy bed and sunken living room.  All the materials looked to be high quality.  The televisions in the bathroom are pretty cool, too.  It was a very luxurious room and was a big step up after staying at the Sahara the night before (this was back in 2010).  The location is great being in the middle of the strip and the pools were amazing (you have access to the Venetian pool as well when you stay at The Palazzo, and vice versa). . . Even though this is a 5 star resort, I think the bad economy reflects the amenities and service you receive.  There wasn't as much extra attention as I would expect for a 5 star resort but they probably aren't charging the prices they used to in 2007, either.  The casino floor is very nicely decorated with non-smoking sections which is a relief.  I remember going to Vegas just a few years ago and I would feel sick and have a constantly runny nose from all the cigarette smoke.  They are really starting to clean things up in Vegas which is a step in the right direction.
Good place to stay for a decent price...
One of my favorite hotels In Vegas! Rooms are huge and the bathroom is also nice and big. Hate paying more for 2 beds but then again it is Vegas. Pool is pretty nice with lots of lounge chairs. I'll be back for sure
Stayed here last week. Beautiful and convenient. The suite is spacious and fancy - marble countertops and such. There was even a remote control for the curtains! Wow! Lots of pillows on the bed, so you can choose flat or fluffy. Only one minor complaint, I realize that the mini-fridge full of overpriced drinks is a standard thing, but I was bit annoyed there wasn't room to shove in my leftover half sandwich from a late night snack. Oh, and the note on the fridge says you will automatically be billed for drinks taken, so no dice on temporarily moving bottles out. . . Love the bathroom and bathroom amenities. Glass walled stand-up shower, bathrobes, a nice tub and another TV in there. There was a little box with q-tips, a shower cap and even a mini sewing repair kit. Okay, I didn't need to use it, but it was thoughtful. I was bemused by the phone right next to the toilet. . . Situated close to the Venetian, Mirage, Treasure Island, Wynn, and Fashion Show mall. Some construction was going on out but it was no bother. The hotel restaurants were good although typical Vegas pricey- I enjoyed the Canyon Ranch Cafe and Espressamente Illy. Also there's a Walgreens right out front, convenient for getting things like bottled water. . . We took a brief visit to lounge at the pool deck. They offered oranges! I don't like oranges, but it was a nice touch. In all fairness though, the pool boys should be shirtless if the pool girls have to walk around in bikinis and a skirt.
Although I have not (yet) had a chance to be a guest of the Palazzo, I can't help but visit this hotel just to walk around their atrium and shops. Ok well more so for the atrium because I can't really afford anything really at the Shoppes at Palazzo, truth be told.. . I honestly just love coming to view the seasonal decorations in their atrium/waterfall area of the hotel.  Amongst the water features, fountains, and high ceilings, the centerpiece is the mammoth waterfall that cascades from the level above to the casino floor.  A showstopper in its own right, guests and tourists alike will surely find this a true Vegas photo op.  I've had the opportunity to visit the Palazzo during the 2010  holiday season, with my most recently this past spring, and I appreciate the time and effort that is put into decorating this area for the current season.  . . Once more, waterfalls and decorations aren't the only attractions, as the Palazzo offers the requisite casino, bars, and restaurants, with these including Dos Caminos and CUT.  . . Another aspect that can be appreciated about the Palazzo is that its sister hotel, the Venetian, is easily accessed thru a connecting walkway thru the Shoppes at Palazzo.  . . Bottom Line:  Always a must visit (for me) on a trip to Vegas.
I simply love Palazzo.  The rooms are beautiful and it is always awesome to have a TV in the bathroom.  I also am a huge fan of the beds - it literally feels like you are sleeping on a cloud, and it makes the hangover a lot less painful.  I also liked our view of Venetian, which at night was beautiful.   My only problem was one of our towels had a stain on it, and although the towel was clean it was still a little icky to see.  However, it was definitely something which could easily be missed by the house cleaners, so it was no big deal.. . We stayed at Venetian about a month ago as well, so it was interesting to compare the two.  Honestly, Palazzo is just a smidgen above Venetian - our room was a tad more modern and I think it is just a matter of taste in decor.  Overall, it was a wonderful stay and I am sure Palazzo (or Venetian) will be a go-to for us when we visit Vegas.
Very nice and clean. was there to eat at del torro
Had a quick biz trip I needed to attend and it was held at the Palazzo. So I checked in Monday and must say it was effortless. No long check in line, the room was ready and clean. I was on the 43rd floor with a great view.. . I'll rethink my decision on where I'll be staying for my next trip to LV.
Stayed here before, these are the largest standard rooms in Vegas. This hotel is my third favorite hotel in the city. The staff and service here are decent, but could use some more polish in general. Here are the major positive points: Rooms, Bed, Bathrooms, Location, Restaurants on the property.
Stayed at The Palazzo last night.  Great hotel for what I needed.  Rooms were large and had everything you could want for business related matters, right there in the room.  IO also had some time to sit by the pool and rented a Cabana for a few hours.  Lucas, who was our waiter, was outstanding.  Great guy and made our afternoon very relaxing.  All in all a very nice hotel.  Clean, good service, etc.
Palazzo: noun, a palatial building, esp in Italy.. . I absolutely loved my stay at the palazzo. After a day of walking around the strip and checking out the other hotels in the area, I the palazzo was a winner.. . 1-I loved how low key the place was. After the hussle and bustle of Vegas life, I really appreciated coming back to my lovely, serene, charming palazzo suite with an amazing view of the city and the mountains. the sunken living room was a nice touch, the three flat screens were a bit excessive, and the spacious bathroom was much appreciated.. . The windows were humongous and I loved sitting on the sill and watching the city and sunset, although I do wish they made the sill bigger with cushions. . . Everyone was extremely friendly, and the service was excellent. Although I found out it was 45 min wait and plus additional charges to bring a water kettle to the room which was pretty ridiculous. . . Besides that, everything else was great, and you won't be disappointed at the palazzo. :)
First time staying here and I really enjoyed it. That being said, for the price there were some things that really were out of place. Rather than dwell, here's some pros when deciding if it's for you:. . PRO:. . - AMAZING service on the casino floor. Dealers were friendly and waitresses were fast. Table minimums were reasonable.. . - Upclass, younger but mature crowd. Mostly late 20s through 30s. So not as crazy as the cheap places, but not a retirement home either.. . - Gratitude got me some comps off my bill, even for mostly minimum bets at the tables.. . CON:  . . - For the price, a little too huckster. They're shilling the Phantom Of The Opera like no tomorrow. Everything has an upcharge from the pool to the spa to the food. Which is OK, but sometimes it feels a little much.. . - Off brand slots. I'm usually an MGM group kind of guy. The slots here are more like the ones in Detroit and Louisiana. Kind of generic and none of the familiar crowd pleasers.(Except WHEEL! OF! FORTUNE! which you can't escape).. . - Views are considered an upgrade, because it's mostly suites there isn't a lot of wiggle room. I know, kind of minor, but if you're used to getting a little more for how much you gamble and how much you're willing to give this is not the place for you.. . Some other pro tips:. . - Grand Lux Cafe is amazing for value and quality. There are a crap ton of "upcharge" restaurants but none of them were really worth it. . . - Holy crap the Venetian has gone downhill. Take a walk over there and it's more like Luxor or Circus Circus.
I didn't stay at the Palazzo, but we attended a dinner there.  We had a lovely private room.. . The servers were really quick and attentive.  I think there were only 2 of them for our group of 30, but I can't say I ever waited for a drink.  When we started moving around and table hopping, they did a good job keeping up with everyone and delivering cocktails to the appropriate recipients.. . The food was great.  I was tempted to just have absurd quantities of bruschetta for dinner, but everything else was delicious as well.. . Definitely get the beignets for dessert.  You'll need a couple of friends to split them with, but you don't want to miss the hot beignets with the raspberry sauce.
The Palazzo is pretty darn fantabulous!. . The rooms are large, have two beds, a pullout bed and a couch so there is plenty of room for everyone. It has a huge bathroom with a glass shower and bath tub, vanity mirror with seat in the corner, and large two person sink. It even has a telephone in the toilet room and a television in the corner of the bathroom so you can watch all your sports games while in the shower...it's pretty fun! The room itself has two large televisions, a lighted bar onto of a dresser, the beds are separated from the living room area by a declining stair dip down where an L-shaped couch (pullout bed) is and a coffee table. There is also a mini fridge in the corner of the room, a table and chairs for dining, a desk in the other corner which comes complete with an all-in-one fax, copy, print machine! This place is pretty loaded, looks great, comfortable, clean, and our view looked directly down over the pool from the 30th floor...yeah it was pretty sweet! . . The eateries were not that great and some of them even had signs saying "closed, coming soon" but the pool area was pretty nice. It came with full towel service, the people were really friendly. They had seats in the water you could sit and relax in which I loved. They had three main large pools, one small private party pool (which wasn't as popular as it should have been, sadly they were begging people to go to the parties that weekend, but we'll just give them benefit of the doubt and blame EDC) and about 10 other small pools surrounding it.. . Overall this place is one of the nicest places I've stayed at in Las Vegas so far and would love to go back again.
I love The Palazzo and The Venetian. We stayed at The Palazzo for the second time this past week and the rooms were great. We took my nephews to the strip to celebrate their graduation and we got two rooms that were adjoining. The rooms were not huge like the suite we had last time but were still very nice and comfortable. . . I called to book the rooms and the gentleman I talked with was very nice. He told me he would put me down for a noon check-in. I was skeptical. We live in Las Vegas and we know that an early check-in rarely happens. Check-in is at3 and you're lucky if they have a room at 3. I told him as much. He said it helps them out to have a few early check-ins since they get swamped at 3 and he'd put in for noon and we should get it. He did admit there was a chance we wouldn't but he sounded pretty confident we would. . . I should also point out that we paid the extra money for the "view" suites that give you a view of the strip. So, we show up at 1:30 to check-in and they don't have anything ready. Ugh. I'm irritated but I knew this was most likely going to happen. So, I just go with it. She said she found adjoining suites but they needed to be cleaned. I made sure to ask if they were strip view. She said they were. . . So, we leave our luggage with guest services and head out to explore the strip until we get the call that our rooms are ready. They called at 3:30. We left the nephews to explore on their own and my husband and I went back to the hotel. Our rooms are on the 6th floor. Already I'm getting a bad feeling. How much of a view can you get from the 6th floor? We get into the rooms and I'm disappointed to find that our view is of the pool and we have zero view of the strip. I was very upset as I had specifically asked, and had been assured, TWICE that we had strip view rooms. I was going to call and bitch about it even though I hate being that person. But I paid for something I didn't get. However, my nephews assured me they loved the room and they didn't mind having a view of the pool. lol   Plus, we weren't in the room long enough that it really mattered. I just wanted them to have an awesome Vegas experience and a view of the strip from the hotel room would have gone a long way toward that. . . Other than that, we enjoyed our stay. Room service is so excellent at The Palazzo. The food is delicious and service is outstanding. The staff there is so friendly. . . We will be back again.
Stayed at the Bella Suite which mirrors Venetian Suites...comes w/a great view of the Strip...living room w/couch & tv...the bedroom has a tv as well....and most importantly the bathroom has a tv...tub & shower....standard stuff along with double sinks & a vanity and a full length mirror as soon as you step out of the bathroom. Room service is a bit slow but the staff is very friendly...they have a lot of great entertainment in the hotel so there's no need to leave the hotel...the couch in the living room also folds out into a bed...extra blankets r rather thin....overall it's a good room w/an excellent view :)
I Love the Venetian. Even tho Palazzo is newer & nicer somewhat. I still prefer Venetian. I don't like the far walk from Palazzo but parking at the P going to V's poker room is a lot faster tho hehee. P's parking lot is annoying at first and don't like the fact that a lot of people smoke down there & it just stays there the smell. Grr..
I had a really hard time deciding if I should give Palazzo three or four stars but settled on four due to the property itself. The rooms are a three based on expectation and price.. . The Property:. . -Really an awesome homebase. There is tons of stuff to do in here and something for every person or circumstance. Great location.. . -Great happy hours at Taqueria Canonita ($3 wells and $5 margaritas and long islands!), First food and bar, Zefferino ( although the food there sucks) and other places that werent as much my style.. . -Excellent food. Taqueria Canonita, Otto, Canaletto, Cut, Bouchon, Delmonico etc.. . -A cheap food court with awesome pretzels, hot dogs, chinese etc.. . -Great bourbon list but stupid contrived atmosphere at the Bourbon room. No problem, I'll take my whiskey to go in a plastic cup! $3 for a nice pour of Evan Williams and plenty of better selections at the $5-$10 range.. . -Good gaming, nice slot selection and I was able to find $10 roulette almost always. Easy to navigate casino floor.. . -The atmosphere is a little hokey, especially the opera type music piped into the elevators. Give it a rest.. . -The complex as a whole can be very confusing to navigate.. . -Good shopping if you like fancy things.. . The rooms:. . -Easy check in. We arrived on a Monday but at noon we barely waited in line and got our room immediately.. . -Fancy appearance. They sure do look nice but the furnishings remind me a little bit too much of somebodies rich grandmas house. They are really big though with high ceilings and big windows.. . - My room really had a "puked in" feel to it. It was clean for the most part but a little dinged up and had a few stains. No smell or large stains but it just felt a little skeezy.. . -My damn bedroom tv didnt work right, no HD channels. I didnt bother calling down, too much headache. Not going to watch much tv in Vegas anyways.. . -Better toiletries at the Golden Nugget. Cmon now, this is a five diamond hotel right?. . -Comfy bed, comfy pillows, slept awesome.. . So basically I wasnt that impressed with the rooms. The property is kind of corny but has everything you could ever want and is in a great location. Overall I dont have too much really bad to say and really enjoyed my time here.
I went here to take a stroll and eat at Legasse's.  This is a nice looking property!  It was elegant and beautifully built with a cool statue in the main lobby.  By the looks of the people walking around and gambling, it was a more mature crowd in this place.
The Palazzo is a no frills hotel that's great for a quick, cheap stay -- don't expect jet tubs or even a coffee maker in your room. (No coffee maker = no immediate hangover remedy! What a rude awakening!). . The suites here are pretty standard, but the material they use and the craftsmanship they hired was a sore miss - the room just feels very cheap.. . Likewise, the room service is sparse at best -- don't expect someone to bring you new toothpaste when it's out or fold your clothes.. . Overall, I liked it. Good location, decent no-frills stay, especially for the price.
This review is a little bit late. I stayed at Palazzo in 2010. My friend booked the room for us (Bella Suite). This suite is very nice and elegant. The Bella Suite included 2 queen beds and an "L" shaped sofa bed with 1 bathroom. . . While staying at Palazzo, we received FREE passes to TAO & Lavo. This was very handy because we also had guys in our group. In Vegas, it's very hard for guys to get into clubs without paying horrendous prices. This is hotel also has a casino which is very convenient, but pricey. I played the blackjack table and the buy in is about $20.. . The hotel is located at the end of the strip which can be an inconvenience if you want to go to the other hotels (i.e. Cosmopolitan or PH). It is close to Encore where you can go to Surrender or Encore beach.. . Overall great hotel, but I don't like how it's located at the end of the strip. I prefer a hotel somewhere in the middle of the strip. . club
Just finished my first stay at the Palazzo in Las Vegas, it was very nice but I did not see much differences from the Venetian. The rooms look the same, but I got a much better rate at the Palazzo on a weekend. The staff was very nice and the pool deck was very nice, I do wish they had an adults only pool. I would most definitely stay at the Palazzo on my next trip to Las Vegas.
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.. . ...except when writing a Yelp review. . . I stayed in one of The Palazzo's Bella Suites with 2 girlfriends on a mini vacay and absolutely loved it. Our room wasgorgeous and luxurious, with 2 queen beds and a sunken living room that boasted an l-shaped sofa, a dining table and a large flat screen tv. We also had a fantastic view of the strip and all the excitement Vegas has to offer. But perhaps my favorite aspect of the suite was the bathroom. A telephone by the toilet? Yep. A flat screen in the main bathroom? That, too. An awesome vanity perfect for a gaggle of girls all trying to get ready at once? Uh huh. The bathroom, in my opinion, was perfection. . . It was Vegas, after all, so we didn't spend a ton of time in our (not so) humble accommodations. But since this review is purely about The Palazzo, I'll reflect on the time we actually spent at the resort. The weather was warm and sunny throughout our stay, so we posted up poolside soaking up the sun and absorbing the sights and sounds of Vegas during prime tanning time. When we weren't donning our swimwear, we enjoyed happy hour at Sushisamba, dinner at Tao (we might've sat adjacent to that dude who got lost in The Hangover), pretended like we knew what we were doing in the casino, sipped champagne, and shopped. Oh man, the shopping. I could really spend days in Vegas on shopping alone. If only I had the dough to satiate my fashion desires. The Shoppes at The Palazzo include gems like Chloe, Christian Louboutin, and DVF (and of course the designer offerings only continue down the strip). Needless to say, there was a lot of inner struggle and practicing of self-control during this Vegas visit.. . Moral of the story is: The Palazzo provided the ideal home base for three girls and their Vegas adventures. I'd probably stay somewhere different next time, but only because it's fun to experience something new.. . And if you thought I was going to reveal any escapades based on my review intro... so sorry, some of what happens in Vegas actually stays in Vegas.
Great up-scale hotel on the Strip.  Was able to score a pretty decent price of 138 bucks a night via priceline.  . . Like sister hotel the Venetian, all rooms are suites and huge.  The bathrooms are great, and even has a TV so you can be entertained while getting ready to go out.
Got a pretty good deal on a suite from hotels.com. The room was definitely worth it. Hotel was great--I'll try to stay here again next time I'm in Vegas.
The D. family are not big on much. We really like free things, though. Free booze and food especially. We stayed on the Prestige Level during our recent Vegas vacation. . . Pros- free booze from 5-8pm each night. free breakfasts from 7-10am.  Delicious appetizers, pastas, desserts. COMFORTABLE beds. LARGE rooms. 3 tvs. Attached to the Venetian Pools. Comfy robes. Very clean!. . Cons- bartenders were rude to me and my boyfriend. Like, WTH seriously?? No room at the pools, had to head to Venetian. Had to order a hair dryer.. . Overall, I'd totally stay here again.
Really nice rooms, we had adjoining rooms so it seemed super large. Super clean and great view. . Its conveniently located on the strip and they have a nice office area. Things that they could improve on: ipod docks for music, have a microwave. There is not one microwave in the wholeeeeee building!
Beautiful rooms! I was finally able to stay here and I love that every room is a suite. It was so fun! Casino is a little tight but that's Vegas.... . . There were some price discrepancies on room service so I suggest to avoid it completely. . . Check in takes too long.. . Grazie has sent us over 10 invites to come back and stay for free so that means they are hurting or we spend way too much when we gamble, either way, can't complain about free stuff.
I stayed here for my boss' bachelor's party. VIP services was very accommodating in adding my name to all the suites my boss reserved and also granted 5 keycards for one suite. I only asked for 5, so probably can get more.. . I really enjoyed the rain-shower and the 3 jet-spray heads. Never been so clean in my life.. . The Palazzo has a more laid back vibe in comparison to the other hotels on the strip. Cosmopolitan has a better, preppier crowd. Aria has a younger crowd.
The twin brother, the Romulus to The Venetians' Reamis, if you will.  These two properties are connected and share the Canal Shops. The best kept secret is that the Palazzo has its very own Grand Luxe Cafe, for those of you who don't know the Grad Luxe Cafe is the 24 hour restaurant in the Venetian that always has a nasty line. Well not so at the Palazzo location, so walk the 100 yards or so and go there and avoid the hour long line! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
The Palazzo is a beautiful hotel! It's connected with The Venetian and they offer great amenities. The pool here is very nice and large and is connected to the Venetian pool as well. The casino is pretty large and they offer all of the card games and slot machines. . . I stayed in the Bella Suite which was very spacious. The bathroom was also quite spacious and had a two sink vanity, make-up area for her, a jacuzzi tub and a separate shower. The room also has two double beds and a sectional couch that can turn into a pull-out bed. There's also two TV's, because only having one is just a waste... . . **When looking at the mini bar/snack selection is the room, DO NOT TOUCH IT! I heard that it has weight censors, so if you move it then they will charge you for "eating" or "drinking" the item. . . The only downside to the Palazzo is that they do not have a food court so if you want some quick food, you have to walk to The Venetian. Overall I thought it was a great hotel and the price wasn't too bad either. . . 2 nights: Friday-Sunday=$550 including hotel taxes and fees.
Gorgeous, spacious all-suite rooms. Got an upgrade to a "strip view" with a $20 tip which is really not worth it as you are only facing treasure island and can't see the rest of the strip. The mountain view may have been better. Huge hotel. We just missed the filming of america's got talent. Delicious cupcake shop in the hotel! The waitresses in the casinos gave us strong, delicious complimentary drinks while we played the slots.
SO. Stayed at the Palazzo to celebrate me and about 5 other gals birthdays! I was pretty excited. . . Place was nice. Parking was idk, I didn't like it. Felt like the mall. And it was HOT as hell in there! Like, more hot than outside. . . Our room was really nice. Got a suite, 2 queen sized beds, and a conjoining room with our friends. :] . . Total 8 in our combined rooms. They have a remote control to open up the blinds. It was pretty amazing haha. . . BUT..OUR ROOM WAS HAUNTED. . SWEAR.. First, friend was showering and she asked if I came in (the doors don't lock..nor the bathroom) and I said no, why? And she said she saw a person with a lot of hair walk by. D: WTFF. . . Then, all the girls were in one room and all of a sudden, we hear something fall in the bathroom. We run in, and my make up palette is scattered all over the floor. I put it on the table where it wasn't hanging off..so there was no way it could just fall. It was really weird.. . I cleaned it up and closed the palette..when we came back, my palette was open again. :/ so weird. So we were scared for like the majority of the time haha. . . I honestly don't like the smell of the place though. It doesn't smell like a fresh hotel smell. Kind of like baby powder mixed with some flowery smell. . . It does take a while for service. Asked for some extra towels, took them about a good 20 minutes or so to bring em up. . . Generally a good experience.
Stayed here Memorial Day weekend, 2012.. . I'll keep this short.  It's one of the pricier hotels, but it's a beautiful hotel and the rooms are good for groups.  Like Venetian, they all (I think) have a living area with a pull-out couch bed.  You could comfortably fit 6 people in these rooms.. . As with my other Vegas stays, I base my hotel choice on where I'll be clubbing (along with budget).  We were gonna party at Surrender, so Wynn or Encore woulda been ideal.  But if you try to book on the busiest weekend of the year (yes, that would be Memorial Day for Vegas), rooms will reach $600 for Wynn and $1000 for Encore online.  Palazzo is a bit of a walk to XS or Surrender, but its do-able.  If you wanted to party at Tao Beach or Lavo, then look no further!. . I'm a fan, and I'll be back.
Was out here in late July!!!  . Check in was seamless...service impeccable.. . And while we kind of trashed the room, the service to get the room all cleaned up was awesome.  No complaining and they did a great job of putting things back in their place.. . Always love to come here...and since it was comp'd...geez...easy call!!!
Other reviewers have covered the basics of this property.  This review is for the girls who want to know how much of their bathroom they need to bring with them to the Palazzo.  The rooms are pretty well stocked.  They come with the following:  2 robes, a Conair 1875 dryer, 3 bath towels (king room), 2 or 3 hand towels, 3 washcloths, shampoo, conditioner, bar soap, body wash, digital scale, shower cap, sewing kit, cotton pads, hair tie, iron, ironing board.  The lobby shop has bath bombs and other bath products if you want to soak Vegas out of your skin.  They also have basic hair products that are extremely overpriced, even by Vegas standards.  Unless you're in a bind, I'd go to Walgreens (on property) or Sephora (over at Venetian) for that.  . . I've reviewed the Canyon Ranch Spa Club separately.
Until I have a really bad experience at any of the hotels on the strip in Vegas, there's not much to differentiate them all. Sure, some of them are older, and some are newer, but as long as I think I got my money's worth and the service is okay, I'm satisfied. . . I suppose one part that could have been improved upon was the speed at which our second room was readied. We requested two adjoining rooms, and were given access to one at the proper time, but the second wasn't ready for a couple hours. Not a big deal, since we weren't going to spend time in the rooms much right away anyway. In addition, it's something we requested at check-in, so I'm sure it was simply because of availability.
A lot of good reviews already so here's my short take based on 5 stays here.. . Good value for the money, all rooms are suites with either king or 2 queen beds.  If you have kids or disability, they have quite a few ADA-compliant ones where the living room isn't sunken and the shower is a bit bigger.. . Upon checkin or reservation, ask for a high floor and near the elevator, this is a gigantic property and if you get a room at the end of the hall way, it's a trek.  No bad views if you can get above the 15th floor.. . Great food on the property and at the adjoining Venetian, I recommend Bouchon for a moderately priced breakfast or Brunch, Otto for a nice Italian lunch, and Carnevino for a good steak.  The theme of the Palazzo is European and a little less in-your-face Italian as at the Venetian.. . Great place for special events (bachelor/ette parties, birthdays, etc) and it has a wow-factor for your friends or dates who haven't been there, they have some dramatic 2-story fountains at the check in and entrance from Venetian shops and the basic bella rooms have 2 big LCDs and a little one in the bathroom as well as the remote-controlled curtains.  The smell of the casino is really the trademark (details: http://sandsconfidential.com/2011/07/20/1538/).. . Gaming is decent:. On slow days/nights, they have $10 craps and $25 two-deck blackjack that pays 3:2.  Sportsbook is pretty good, it's run by Cantor gaming, so they should let you make some big moves and get pretty decent lines.Legasse's Stadium is OK, I'll let you read those reviews on that yelp page.. . If you are going to do any nominal amount of gambling, sign up for Grazie, they are pretty generous in their offers to return to Vegas and feel free to ask if they'll take anything off of your bill upon check out (call casino marketing on morning of checkout).  They have a pretty easy process for opening a line of credit which starts at $2,500 if you want to avoid big cash transactions or just want to look cool, there's an online application.. . Service here is outstanding and the rank and file staff make a conscious effort to impress the customer.  If you need extra towels, just grab them from the maid carts or if you see them, ask.  Having them brought up can take a little while and you're kind of obligated to tip.  They usually only have 2-4 towels in the bathroom so if you're budget a$$ is rolling 6-deep, don't make a stink about it.. . Pool is on the spa floor, usually with plenty of chairs.  Cabanas range from ~$300-$500 based on the time of year.  Pool waitresses are pretty attentive and the pool-side drinks are rather reasonably priced.. . Haven't done the Canyon Ranch Spa, but the GF has, she's a big fan, but mentioned the prices are a bit steep.. . Resort fee is new in the past year or so (also the reason I'm deducting a star).  $20 gets you gym and internet access, some discounts, and a free paper or something, it's worthless and I wish they'd do away with this.. . Checkout is 11:00am at the counter, or on the TV, super easy. Late checkout can be requested, but it seems unavailable if leaving on a weekend.
1. Wi Fi is included in the resort fee. 2. Clean, awesome art-decor rooms. 3. The Bella Suite is wonderful for like 4-7 people (has an L shaped pull out couch that fits 3 total, and 2 queen sized beds). 4. NO hot water machine though, weird?  What about my late night ramen cravings...? Hot water ordered by room service costs $2.50.... 5. Ice bucket is too small, but use trash cans to chill.. beverages. Warning: trash cans leak.. 6. Prompt customer service.
I've become a pretty big fan of Palazzo in the last 6 months.  For starters, Venetian moved their poker tournaments to the Palazzo this summer, so I spent many days in the casino.  I thought it was a big improvement, mostly because of parking.. . Going to a casino on the strip can be frustrating as a local because we have to sit in traffic on LVB.  Not so with Palazzo, which has an underground parking structure off of Spring Mountain, just east of the strip.  Even better, there's always TONS of parking, and I've never had a problem finding a GOOD spot.  Unlike Caesars, which has a huge lot but is impossible to navigate.. . One star less because of Palazzo's new policy of having their security actually STOP your car to talk to you.  Bellagio used to do this and it was so infuriating, and they finally stopped doing it.  I hope this is a phase that Palazzo ends soon, because it gets me annoyed.  I'm a local, I know where I'm going, and I don't want to wait for the 3 cars in front of me to have to stop either.  Even worse, all of the security seem to have an attitude problem because they don't like the new policy either.. . Ranting over with, I've actually rarely gambled at this casino.  Only video poker to get compeddrinks.  Oh shit, maybe I need to subtract another point... I've been here before and gambled and got comped a Duvel, and the other night I went back to duplicate this good time and was denied.  And the bar staff told me NOBODY comped me a Duvel.  Uhh, yes they did, and now I will go to a different bar to tip my hard earned money.. . Palazzo also has two of my favorite Vegas restaurants... Cut and Sushisamba.  Finally tried Cut and it did not disappoint, especially with the service.  And if you want a very unique meal, go to Sushisamba and ask for the omakase menu!
Beautiful decor, awesome pools and restaurants.  Minor complaints about some lack of amenities in the suite.  No coffee maker?  No mini fridge for my own beverages?  Overall, would love to stay there again.
Great great great! Other than the pool Nazi's aka lifeguards making the pool a no fun zone for the kids, everything was amazing!
This was my second time at the Palazzo and I have to say it is a great hotel in a great location. Modern, lavish, and a great value for the money. Their rooms are perfect for some extra party crashers as they have a huge sunken living room with a nice L-shaped sofa area. It is great for pre-partying or just to lounge.. . As we were hotel guests, they gave us guest list into Lavo and wristbands for free mixed drinks! Fabulous way to start out the evening. Who doesn't love free drinks!?! Another perk of the hotel is being so close to Bouchon for a meal or just to go the bakery for some sweets.. . A couple things I was disappointed by though included the fact that we booked the bella suite and they ran out so we only had one king bed instead of two queens and they also only gave us two bath towels so we had to call for more...which of course took forever.. . All in all though, it is a fabulous hotel.
We had been to the Palazzo (at first not impressed then it truly grew on me) and had a fab stay once before and had wanted to get back. The boyfriend suggested that we stay in one of the Palazzo suites that has access to a "private" outdoor balcony, or so...that was the way it looked 20 floors up from our room the last time we stayed.  We called the Palazzo and asked about that room specifically.  It was a Monday night and a slow time and so the price we were quoted was amazing.  We obviously took it and were super excited to check in.  This is after we had cancelled our prearranged plans to stay a second night at the also amazing Aria hotel (whole other review).  We show up to check in to the Palazzo and the man checking us in looked surprised at his computer and quiet for a moment.  My boyfriend asked "did we get a good price?" he responded "did you book this online?"  we said "no, we spoke to a women on the phone through reservations." He thensaid he'd be right back and went to see his manager.  He came back saying that they were going to need to charge us $50 more a night for the room because it was a mistake.  My boyfriend argued politely that it didn't seem right that we were told the room was one price on the phone and we haven't even seen it and they're trying to tell us its worth more just because they say?!  The guy went away again, came back again, said we were right and that they would honor the price we were quoted which was cool of them.  . . We got to the room and I understand why they wanted to keep it on lockdown!  It's so amazing.  Imagine a super awesome upper westside New York apartment with a patio.  The Palazzo suites feature several ( I believe 7 or so) different floor plans.  This is the only one with outside access. The bedroom flows into living space with super comfortable "L" shaped couch that is so easy to just slouch into all night.  Two double frosted doors open out onto an outdoor area that includes a fireplace and some comfortable outdoor furniture.  These rooms are on the 3rd floor so the view is strange but cool all you can see are the tall towers of venetian and palazzo.  The walls on this patio that separate rooms and balconies are a little weird and a little cool.  Half of it is a 10' stucco wall but its interspersed with some iron wrought gate work that is quite pretty but not as private as you'd expect or want.  Although if you have this room in the middle of the summer in the middle of the night I can assure you you'll be the only one outside with the fireplace on.  Unless I'm there.  The other note about these balconies is I feel like they could really use an infusion of new stuff and ideas.  it seems drab and bare and a little prison like.  At night the lighting of the outdoor topiary is nice but they could go further to make it a little more luxurious outside.  Maybe I'm the only one who's outside in summer in Las Vegas? . . Needless to Say, despite the initial troubles checking in this place is amazing.  Lovely room and, lovely hotel.  We didn't get to try the pool I'm sad to say but we will be returning shortly I'm certain.
Love this place.  Rooms are fantastic. Great beds, really good selection of restaurants.  Good shopping and large casino if you're a gambler.  Best hotel I've stayed at so far in Las Vegas.
If you ever have no idea where to eat, head to The Palazzo. They have so many different and delicious restaurants under one roof. You may be overwhelmed.. Then there's the shopping and the shows! . I've never had the pleasure of staying here, but we find ourselves heading to the Palazzo for one reason or another.
CASINO ONLY review. . Have not stayed here, but my friend likes the casino here. And, after playing some blackjack and doubling my money here, I can say that I'm a fan, too.. . It's a bit less chaotic here than, say, the neighboring Venetian. A good vibe without being sleepy. Low-key, fun, and enjoyable. . . I'd be curious to come back and investigate more. And, hopefully, win again!
Just kicked it here for a bachelor party. We scored two adjoining rooms for the 12 people (I actually stayed off strip half the time).. The rooms were large, the bathtub separate (perfect place for "cold drinks") and everywhere I looked there was a tv. Another plus wa that there was a iPhone dock for the alarm clock, meaning I didn't have to pull out my charger. That will probably be strange after the iPhone 5, but they'll figure it out.. . The only thing that was super weird is that there aren't any locks on the bathroom doors. Also, sometimes it's super hard to find the food court after a night of "partying"
Palazzo was a nice and fancy schmany hotel!  I've never had a horrible experience with a vegas hotel so I didn't expect any problems here.. . The Palazzo is connected with the Venetian hotel so if  you've been there, room layout is basically the same.  TAO is in Venetian so if you're interested in that nightclub, this is a good location!  We also went to XS for clubbing one night in Encore and Encore Day beach club the next day and we didn't have to taxi, ONLY A SHORT WALK AWAY!
This was my first time staying at a "Fancy-Shamncy" hotel in Vegas.  . . Usually, I stay at some affordable place like a Travelodge or Econo-Inn this was a big difference to what I am usually used to.  Mainly because the Hotel is just a place to crash out at night since you're not really much in during the day.  This time is was different as I was here with my Girlfriend visiting some of her family.. . I really liked the room and my only complaint was that It was Saturday night past 9pm and the TVs didn't have BBC....and I wanted to watch Doctor Who.  Yes I know, I'm a Nerd as I'm sure if you are reading this you're probably thinking "why would this guy want to watch TV when you're in Vegas anyway"???  Our view from the room was nice as we were on the 7th floor we got a good glimpse of the Pool as well as neighboring hotels along the strip and some of the landscape around the city with the occasional Tour Helicopter whizzing by every so often.. . There is lots to do here, in fact there is so much that I never left the Hotel on this Vegas trip from the moment we checked in until we checked out.  Besides all the Casinos in the Palazzo, and the Venetian  next door, there is lot's to eat, drink, and shop.  There is always some thing to do, and you notice that times goes by quickly as you are always doing something (well, except if you are in the Casino and low on $$$ then time seems to just fly by).  The "Nice factor" I would say is good as the facility appears to be constantly kept up and made me feel like should wear a suit out of my own free will and that's telling you something when I'm usually a T-shirt and Jeans guy.
Very nice property and super friendly staff right down to the housekeepers. Had a wonderful suite in the higher floors with a gat view of the strip and the surrounding mountains. Love the remote drapes and sheers as ll. the sunken living room area which served us well when we needed it. Food outlets were great and the breakfast was reasonably priced for Vegas. Casino has a lot of things going on and always active as well. The connector to the Venetian. Gand would gather nightly at the bars before heading off into our own directions. Nice stay
Awesome suites with amazing but super expensive restaurants! Only thing is health club gym costs $12 extra.
This review is for the hotel stay only. Stayed here for a week. It's a great experience from the beginning to the end. I would love to give them a 5 stars rating, but have to cut out one star, simply for the inconsistent room service. The room service was usually good, but always had to wait until around 4pm to get my room cleaned, except once was around 1:30pm. A couple of times, the room service seemed to rush through. Trash was not taken out, the living room area was left untouched and the lotion bottle was apparently unsealed, I had to get it replaced.
I love the Palazzo! . . Rooms are pretty much the same as adjacent its siamese twin the Venetian. I love the sections that connect the two hotels, as they have a waterfall, small garden areas and are themed (which change each season). Great photo ops! . . The casino is newer and a lot cleaner than many others. They have great ventilation so I'm never bothered by the smoke here. . . Beds and bedding are fluffy and comfy. Also, the couch is pretty comfy and has a pull out bed if you are ballin' on a budget! . . There is a flat screen tv in both the bed area, another in the couch area and a third smaller one in the bathroom. . Easy access to both Palazzo and Venetian pools! You can relax and recover from the night before, or if you didn't get enough last night you can take advantage of one of the day club pool parties, and if you have kids with you (weird, but it happens), they even have more kid friendly areas. . . The club/Lounge Lavo is inside this hotel, but its ehh..  but Grand Lux Cafe comes to the rescue with the best post club 4am meals!
Was not impressed by the random $30 charge I recieved on my credit card or how it took us a day to find someone who could actually redeem our "free" $20 gaming credit.. . The room was super nice, probably the best I have ever been in.  Actually, to be honest this is the only hotel room I have ever paid for.  It's so hard to justify the price, especially when in Vegas since one usually doesn't really sleep.. . I appreciate that the building is supposedly green, but cannot figure out how.
I had a few issues with extra charges showing up on my statement, but for the most part I really liked this hotel. The rooms were awesome and the atmosphere was great. The Azure pool is pretty good too.
I stayed at the Palazzo, in a suite which I definitely recommend.  Everything was pristine, nice view of LV (big picture windows), and the suite floors are quiet.  The front desk staff was professional, efficient and friendly and room service was delivered quickly. . If you're on a business trip or attending conferences all day and need a quiet place to get some work done and sleep, the Palazzo suites are a nice place to be!
Suite is amazing.  Service is impeccable
Not kid friendly, but very nice. Spend the extra and goto the four seasons if you have kida.
If you aren't sure where to have dinner that night - go straight to the Palazzo and you'll be pleased with the variety of it's restaurants, quality of food, beautiful decor, incredible music and elegant atmosphere. . . Good possibilities for one of the best shopping and shows!
This may be my new favorite hotel casino  in Vegas. The lobby wasn't that impressive but the rooms are right up my alley. The sunken living room was a nice surprise. . . The rooms are really finished out as far as decor. Moulding galore. Lots of wall framing. I especially liked the colors and art deco style of the furnishings. . . Rooms are spacious as well as the bathroom. Really nice layout. . . TV in front of the bed, living area and bathroom. . . I had a really pleasant stay here.
I've stayed here on multiple occasion for EDC and other Vegas trips because you get the most real estate for your money. Usually we get two beds and the pull out coach can fit 2 people or 3 if you're really cozy. It is newer than The Venetian and it's a great place to pre-party with a large group of people. This last time, we got two joint rooms and it was amazing.. . Price wise it is on the mid range+ size but like I said it's worth the real estate. Casinos down stairs are known to be on the higher minimum bet and you definitely want to get a players card if you play because they are known to give out comp rooms from time to time.. . Location wise, this hotel is great because all the hottest clubs are on the North end and you'll have no problem getting around. You can even walk if you want. Also if it's late at night, their food court is always available.
The Palazzo is one of the smaller, cleanest, and classier hotel & casinos that you'll find out here in Las Vegas. I have admit, I get confused sometimes on whether I'm in the Venetian or the Palazzo because they connected to each other and have the same feel/look.  A ton of eats, shopping, and gambling at the Palazzo.  However, most of these will cost you a pretty penny. I use to frequent the Palazzo all the time when I had a friend working at one of the restaurants. Now that we no longer communicate, there's really no reason for me to drive out if my way to come here.  I still recommend for you to stop by and check them out. High-end everything at the Palazzo. Good luck and stay thirsty my friends.
Palazzo is definitely the best bang for your buck if you are on a budget and plan to pack the room with as many people as possible (Ahhh...one day, I will be able to step away from the sardine-packed Vegas rooms..). I don't think renting rooms here are that expensive (we were here for NYE2012 so we paid up the wazoo for our room..BOOK EARLY!!!!) when you break down how much square footage you get compared to other rooms. . . The 700+ sq. ft Bella Suites sleeps "officially" 4, but you can fit 6 very comfortably (2 on each of the queen beds, 2 on the sofa bed). Even with 8 people (air mattress), the room is still very spacious. There is a sunken "living room" so plenty of communal space in the daytime. . . The only annoying thing is the 1 bathroom...with no lock. The bathroom has dual sinks with a tub, standing shower, vanity table, separate door for the toilet and a TV! 8 people sharing a bathroom can be a bit tedious, so luckily, the bathrooms in the casino level are near the hotel elevators where people can go do their business and not stink/hog up the bathroom :) . . - YMMV but there seems to be someone checking keys when entering the hotel room elevators. Grab a bunch for the rest of the peeps in your party (super easy, just go to the front desk and tell them you want extra keys, no limit - we got 6 keys even though our occupancy states only 2 are in the room :P). - Go to the concierge to pick up free passes to LAVO/TAO if you don't feel like venturing outside the casino for nighttime entertainment. - Great location: close to XS (the best club there is), fashion show mall, etc.... - if you can get the upgrade to thestrip view, it is amazingggg. You can see the volcano erupt from Mirage, and TI's sleazy pirate show. . - Resort fee $20: includes WiFi in room (no password necessary)
Overall, this was a great hotel. . . The location on the north part of the strip is within walking distance with the major shopping and casinos on the strip. The rooms are all suites, and are pretty nice (king bed, sunken living room, big bathroom), and the view was nice in our 36th floor room: we got a strip view, with Treasure Island across the street.. . There are tons of food, gambling and shopping options within The Palazzo and The Venetian (nice shopping area in the Venetian, with the lighted ceilings and gondola rides, etc.). In addition, the self-parking is pretty convenient to the rooms and casinos.
If this was only on the hotel itself I would definitely be giving them 5 stars. I knew I wanted to stay here ever since I saw all the pictures on their website. It surely didn't disappoint. . . We came here for my 21st, which is around new years, so all the Christmas decorations were still up. It was absolutely gorgeous. When our limo arrive one of the porters immediately checked our bags. The front desk people were very nice and welcoming. The guy asked us if we were there for anything special and I mentioned it was my 21st. I asked if there were any upgrades available and he said for an additional $40 a day we could get a room with a view. Figuring we wouldn't be in the room all that much, we passed. However, when we got to the room, it seemed that he gave us a strip view anyways. The room, at 720 sq ft, was bigger than my apartment! We ended up ordering room service for dinner one night and it was restaurant quality food. Everything was still piping hot and our server made the experience all the more wonderful. He came in with his cart, and proceeded to set the table. It looked just like a restaurant setting complete with tablecloth, a basket of bread, and flowers. Definitely money well spent.   . . Now, on to the negatives of why one star is subtracted. . When we checked our luggage, we were told it would take 15 minutes to arrive. In reality, it took about 45 minutes. It was a little annoying since we had just gotten off the plane and wanted to grab something to eat. We were just laying in the room wasting time. I had to call 3 times to check on the luggage, and every time was told "It's on it's way" or "It should be there any minute". That didn't turn out to be the case. When it finally did arrive, our porter apologized and said it was because everyone had arrived at the same time and that it usually doesn't take that long. He was a nice and sincere guy so we ended up tipping him anyways.. . After our luggage finally arrived, we walked down to the casino to play to play a quick round of roulette. We walked up to an empty table and put down $200. We were rudely asked for our ids and the dealer kept looking back and forth between my id and me for a good minute. He then gave it to the pit manager to look at before finally handing back our ids. Then he asked what color we'd like. My boyfriend and I couldn't decide if we wanted $25 chips or $100 chips. Before we had anytime to decide, he kept rudely insisting we pick a color. I don't know what the rush was for since we were the only people at the table. Our first gambling experience in Vegas was certainly not a good one. We ended up gambling at the Bellagio for the remainder of the trip when we could. The next morning, since I was still sleeping, my boyfriend headed down to the casino for another go. He played a good amount in the high rollers salon but it didn't affect our Grazie players club card at all. Apparently, you need to either play slots, or charge things to your room. We played about the same amount at the Bellagio and went from sapphire to gold on their Mlife players card. We also got a lot more comps and rewards. Luckily, his play did have some impacted as a couple weeks later we were sent an email promotion that gave us a complimentary three night stay and $300 casino cash. . . Overall, the hotel was exquisite, but the casino lacked. We are returning in a week, so hopefully this time they can earn the full five stars.
This is a solid attractive resort. The rooms are well appointed and the hotel location is decent although towards the end of the strip. Directly connected to its sister hotel Venetian Palazzo shares attactions such as eaterys and shops.  This is a nice hotel however there are nicer less expensive options available.
Pricey, but so very nice. Nice amenities, fun and lively casino. GREAT rooms.
Nice place, but the Venetian is better.  All the rooms are suites just like the Venetian.  Very roomy and spacious.  Everything was comfortable.  . . The Palazzo is located in theheart of the Vegas action on the strip so it is a great location.  Make sure to eat at the Grand Lux inside the Palazzo and order the beignets for dessert!  They do not have the beignets at the Venetian location.. . The pools at the Palazzo are a great place to relax and unwind.  Also, you can connect to the Venetian pools next door.. . Give the Palazzo a try!
Didn't stay the night, but came here to gamble and to see their 2 clubs: Lavo and The Act.. . I like the vibe here, but everybody is a tad overdressed.. . Table games start at the $10-$15 range, so you can win a lot of money if you get lucky.. . A large shopping mall, but then again most stores are on the ultra high-end side.
whats not to like? its nice. the rooms are all suites, with enough sleeping capabilities for 7! i won $400 here, the most i've ever won! yayayayay! money! hope to stay here again with my girls when we go for BACHELORETTE! the end.
Awesome hotel! . Great room!. Fantastic restaurants on the property.... Dos Caminos, Cut, Trattoria Reggiano.... Easy to get in and out of the hotel.. . - heo out
We loved Palazzo. The location, casino, restaurants, are all perfect for us.  We've stayed at far cheaper and older places (MGM) as well as nicer places (Mandarin Oriental) but if we were coming back tomorrow, we'd choose Palazzo hands down.  . . The suite was great and exactly what you'd want in Vegas.  Comfortable bed, big tv, huge bathroom.  And since their rooms are all suites (I think?) there's an additional living room with sofa, table, tv, etc. . . My only complaint, which is so silly, is that I felt like things were dirty. The room itself did look clean, but I'm really easily skeeved out by hotel rooms. I don't know who decided that a black velour sectional in a Vegas hotel room was a good idea. I think from the first day they probably looked old, saggy, and dirty. And so much black marble everywhere only highlighted any glass rings or other "liquid" stains.  I touched nothing all weekend.
I stayed there for my birthday, it was expensive but they upgraded me for a little extra to a suite.  I only had 4 people and the room easily could fit 10!  Unfortunately it was winter and so the pool was closed but the patio that was connected  to my suite was AWESOME! I enjoy that I could smoke and there was a bar in the room for me and my guests to house all the booze we had.  I don't like the murphy bed, but I guess it is to save space? I need to stay there again during the summerso that I can utilize the patio next to the pool!!!
The Palazzo was exactly as I expected. The interior is beautiful, the rooms are comfortable, and the customer service is excellent. . . Check in was friendly and personable, although there was a small line. It moved at a medium pace which was fine with me. During my check-in conversation I mentioned I was there for my bachelorette weekend and my bella suite became with a bella suite with strip view (thank you thank you thank you!). The room was spacious and clean. The few times we called for extra amenities they were brought up quickly. . . Tip: the day you are checking out, call to arrange a bell person early (if you will be needing one). It took a really long time for them to get to our room.. . Valet moved pretty quickly for the volume of people checking out. . . The food options are okay-I feel like I could have explored more but I did take advantage of breakfast at Grand Lux a few times since it was inside the casino.. . Speaking of the casino, worst cocktail service. Of any hotel I went in. Ever. . . I also was not keen of the location. I used to be a north strip person but since the opening of city center, etc I wish I was closer to center strip.. . . I don't know if I would have paid the prices if I hadn't gotten a great deal on the room but it really is a good option, especially if you have a few people in your group and would enjoy extra room to lounge about.
Stayed here for a week. We had an amazing time. Rooms were great, but 200 a night I hope so. Restaurant prices are way to high for the god you get. Plan on 30 to 40 per meal for each person.
Large, spacious suites that have more than enough room for 4 people.  The rooms are clean and decorated tastefully.  I definitely appreciated the large bathroom and vanity area too!. . I'm a sucker for cherry blossoms, so the hallway carpeting makes me happy.. . Great location on the strip and connected to the Venetian is also really convenient.
The Palazzo is a great place to stay and to game! But first some quick tips!. . 1. Palazzo parking is VERY plentiful and very convenient. The parking garage entrance is located on Sands Blvd.. . 2. The elevators can deliver you directly to the casino floor or to the guest check-in area or to the first set of guest elevators located near Sweet Surrender.. . 3. The gaming area is neat and clean, some celeb sightings have been talked about! Apparently Shaq was around when my girlfriend and I were staying.. . 4. The Palazzo is connected to the Venetian. The walkway is BEAUTIFUL and really reminds me of the Bellagio gardens on a much smaller scale.. . 5. There is a Grand Lux Cafe on this side of the property too! I'll write a future review on this Cheesecake Factory styleish place!. . 6. Slipping a $20 for the $20 tip trick never hurt! It worked to secure us a room facing the strip on a very high floor!. . As part of our grand five star hotel binge, my girlfriend and I settled on the Palazzo as one of our many hotel destinations. Having stayed in the Venetian years ago and being very unimpressed, I had some doubts on the accommodations. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of our room and the service of the staff.. . I'm going to divide this review into three sections, one talking about the hotel itself, the casino, and the amenities and service portion. First, with the hotel itself, the location is a great location but a bit farther north of the strip. Things are not really in walk in distance unless you're looking to get to the fashion outlets across the street or to visit Wynn/Encore across the way. Otherwise, you're not really in the center of all the action.. . Besides the location though, the accommodations as I've mentioned are very comfortable. My favorite part of the Palazzzo was the illusion that the room was much larger than it really was. They had a small descending staircase that led into a living room. The living room itself had an L shaped couch that was comfortable and a large plasma TV. The bed was comfortable, but a bit too soft as I recall.. . As for the casino portion of the Palazzo, it's a little smaller than the action across the way in the Venetian. What it gives up in this respect is that there are far fewer players here and it's a little more intimate and smoke light in the area. The problem here is if you want to enjoy EVERY variety of table game, it might be hard to strike up a game with other people. The slot variety and machines are pretty good, but then again, there are fewer slots so that means if you do have a favorite, it will be harder for you to find one you want to play at.. . Lastly on the amenities and the service, I find that the Palazzo doesn't set itself apart from many other hotels. Tipping is standard and everything that is offered is as it should be. Other places like the Aria or Bellagio or the Wynn will have service people greeting you in the halls and treating you like you're a welcome and invited guests. Anyways, the best part of the Palazzo is the connecting walk to the Venetian. There is a very beautiful Bellagio Gardensesque attraction there with fountains and other things to see that change seasonally. The problem here is that there is a foul... smell... that sometimes randomly occurs. It is so terrible that I personally believe it's a sewage issue? It's just in that connecting hall. . . Anyways, the Palazzo is a great place to stay! The rooms are still comfortable, and the action is quieter, which is a good change of pace from the quicker tables out on the strip. Have fun!
We were here for a long weekend staying from Thurs to Sunday.  We are usually able to get a pretty decent price at the Palazzo for under $150 through priceline bidding.  . . The rooms are all suites so space is never an issue here.  The bathrooms are nice and big with a vanity area for the ladies, so they can get all dolled up for a Vegas night out.. . My only complaint this past stay was this.  I got back to the room at 3am one night just wanting to shower and go to bed when I stepped on a tiny piece of broken glass in the bathroom.  Next thing I know I'm bleeding everywhere without a bandaid and cursing the world.  Luckily my wife woke up and found a bandaid for me.  We called housekeeping and informed them of the incident.  They were apologetic enough and made sure that they'd come to clean it all up as soon as it was convenient for us.  I was disappointed there was no follow up after this and no comps offered for my troubles.  I'm not one to demand anything so I just let it go, but I'm sure they could've easily offered a few drink coupons or something my bleeding foot.. . Overall Palazzo is a nice Vegas hotel and a great starting point for your Vegas festivities.
Check in was fast and easy. Saw Rock of Ages show here. I really love the caliber of talent they bring in. Faith Hill and Tim, America's got talent just amazing. Make sure you walk down stairs to Walgreens Pharmacy to buy beverages and snacks unless you wanna drop $7 a soda in the room. The best part, 2 gyms to work out in included to burn off all your buffet! Woot!
Casino floor smells a bit smokey like it could use better ventilation. But in general I'd say 5 star everything else. From restos to nightlife (tho id say their Tao nightclub and Lavo are getting a bit aged compared to other clubs)
The great:. - At check-in, we got an upgrade to a 1200 SF suite for a very reasonable extra charge.  (It's an all-suite hotel, but the standard one is more like 700 SF.). - Check-in staff was super-friendly.. - Automatic blinds with remote were awesome.. - The birthday boy got a happy birthday letter with free drink coupons (which we forgot to use.). - Room service breakfast beat expectations and our server was very polite and set our table well and quickly.. - Wi-fi was free with our premium suite (although I think regular suites may have to pay a daily surcharge.)  It worked well, although we didn't use it a lot.. - The decor is much more tasteful than most casinos (I prefer simple elegance to ornate.)  The Palazzo is definitely one of the most tasteful casinos.. - The vibe is quieter and more mellow than most casinos.  We never heard any of our neighbors, saw relatively few overly-intoxicated/badly behaving people, and generally no major Vegas rowdiness.  We liked this a lot.. - I completed their online survey after our stay, and received a personal reply from management.  They offered a $75 credit for our inconvenience (being woken up by maintenance.). . The OK:. - It took a long time to check-in.  The line was not very long, but our clerk had to go to the back three times to check on something or other.  Twice was to check on the price for an upgrade.  The third..no clue.  Strange.. - I wouldn't choose our suite again.  The suite had kind of an odd layout and a lot of wasted space; the foyer was completely wasted.  The closets were fairly small and had double racks; there was nowhere for me hang my floor-length gown; I had to drape it over two hangers to keep it off the floor.  The half-bath also could have benefited from some of that wasted foyer space.  The master bathroom was lovely and spacious with its double sinks, but had an ordinary tub and shower.  I would think that they would put either a fancy, high-end tub (clawfoot, sculpted tub, etc.) or a spa/jacuzzi tub into a 1200 SF suite?  The lights were also bizarre.  The wall lighting system controlled some lights but not others.  Some lights had to be switched off directly and were inconvenient (e.g. the bedside table lamps weren't really reachable from bed, so you had to get out of bed to turn them off.)  The over the bed light was reachable, but it was so bright as to be glaring and we didn't want to use it.  Another light had a floor switch that was hard to locate.  Another hung VERY low over the dining table, with metal bars below the shade --  so low that I hit my head (quite hard) on it when I was getting up from breakfast.. - Valet parking is pretty far from the elevator to the hotel rooms.  And they won't pull your car around until you come downstairs (we tried calling when we were leaving our hotel room.)  Valet took awhile; more than 10 minutes each time.. - The restaurants and stores in the Palazzo close down pretty early...even in relation to the neighboring Venetian (same hotel group.)  We ended having to go to the Venetian or another casino anytime we wanted late-night anything.. . The bad:. On our first morning, maid service knocked and walked in even though we had the door hanger out.  We were sleeping in (we had stayed up past 6 AM.)  About 90 minutes later, we were woken my maintenance who wanted to know if we were using the tub, toilet, etc because they'd rec'd a complaint from the suite below about a loud banging noise.  I pointed out that we'd been sound asleep and not using any plumbing, and he still wanted to inspect the half-bath.  I couldn't fall back to sleep after that, and spent my entire final day in Vegas feeling tired.  Also, the previous day, we left the room around 2 PM, and apparently that was too late for housekeeping; nothing had been done with our room when we returned.  That was our fault, I suppose, but it would have made a nice impression if they'd done it (and they would have had a very nice tip that I'd left behind!). . I would stay here again; next time I'd ask to see the room before taking the (paid) upgrade.  It was probably my least favorite suite I've stayed in in Vegas.  (My favorite was at the Bellagio.)  I didn't like the design/layout of the suite at all, but but service was excellent with minor exceptions.
I like my table games at lot, so we stay at the Palazzo a couple times a year due to the free room offers that I get in the mail.  I wanna go more often but the hubby thinks I have a gambling problem hence the 2x a year restriction.  . . The Palazzo is a great place to stay, even without comps, because it is new, centrally located, clean, large spacious rooms, with two flat screen tv's.  The bathroom has a sinkin tub, glass showers, and granite everywhere.  It's a really classy hotel, with great restaurants, and good casino floor. . . Now about the casino area, I stay more at the casino area than the room during our visit, so I must say the casino area is adequate.  There's two main rows of tables with various games, and a separate section of asian games.  There's no theme to this casino, so the design is pretty bland.  I would describe the interior as "upscale vanilla".  . . The limits are anywhere form $10-$25 and up.  and the dealer are pretty friendly.
4 stars for LAVO and the Christian Louboutin boutique. 1 star for the uninviting casino. . . The rooms make this hotel a 5 star experience! Seriously some of the nicest guest suites in Vegas! Rooms are so lavish and comfortable. The bathroom in my suite was HUGE with TALL ceilings. Very comparable to Wynn's hotel suites.
I was pleasantly surprised by the Palazzo.  I was not expecting anything tooamazing when I checked in, but the rooms are REALLY large, and the bathroom also boasts a large glass shower + a tub.  (Actually, the bathroom setup was the exact same as I've had at Caesar's, which was interesting.)  . . My room came with two double beds + a large seating area with a small table, large L-shaped couch, and an office desk/chair set.  I've heard this is the default setup of all of their rooms, which seems pretty nice.  . . It was just me in the room, so when I get 2 beds I use one for working on my computer and one for sleeping.  I pulled back the sheets on one bed and found a long, dark hair... so that was for working.  The other bed was fine, so that's where I slept.. . Things I dislike about the Plazzo --  it has a weird smell.  All the hotels have a signature scent, but I just HATE how the Palazzo smells.  I know, I know...but I can't help it.  Also, I'm genuinely confused about why they call it the Palazzo (as an Italian-style theme), but then all the decor and even their soaps/shampoo, etc is all covered in Asian-styled writing.. . Also, the last night that we were there, I ended up having an hour to lay by the pool before dinner.  My coworker and I went to the pool bar to order drinks, and I kid you not--there was ONE working bartender for maybe 50+ people.  My coworker and I waited 10 minutes for her to take our order before completely giving up.  It was really weird that they'd have the bar so understaffed, but...whatever.  It would have bothered me more if this had been a trip for pleasure as opposed to business.. . I don't gamble, so I don't have anything to say about that!
Palazzo or the Venetian, how to choose?  In my case booking the Palazzo guaranteed a newer room, slightly more SF, and a sleeper sofa in case you pickup a last minute friend or two wanting to crash.  One nice recent development is that the $25 resort fee (covering Wi-Fi and the gym area) is optional now versus it being a mandatory charge as it is for many other hotels on the Strip.  Pool access is included either way.  Nice touch.. . My stay here wasn't perfect this past weekend.   Slightly mushy beds, a mysterio white (skeet?) stain on the sleeper couch which created a lot of laughs, and poor/late cleanup room service.   Perhaps even the Palazzo is showing its age a bit.   But countering this is the summer room pricing, easy billing and checkout, great customer service (hello sundries!), spacious rooms, and parking situation which after a couple tries I found to be much easier to access the hotel/casino than during my stays at the Venetian.  . . Even after many so many visits here and at the Venetian, it still makes for a comfortable stay.  Definitely my hotel(s) of choice for a weekend in Vegas.
This is my go-to hotel when im in Vegas. Why? . . 1) always clean. 2) you get what you expect. 3) great location. 4) huge room. 5) less $ than cosmopolitan . 6) it smells amazing!
I like this place over Encore.. . This is the second time I visited here and found may of things are remain excellent. However, I see things are deteriorating. I hope the management change the course, otherwise it could turn another hotel in Las Vegas once a darling, but not forgotten.
This was mine and my dad's first trip to Vegas, so I was going to go for wow factor for him. I had found a great deal through Costco travel for the hotel. When we arrived we were the only people checking in on a Wednesday night at 8pm. Lucky us, since they had miles of que line rope just waiting for the rush. . . It was a quick check in and then enough walking to make you know you were going to be really fit by the end of your stay. We were on the 25th floor. The room was beautiful with a sunken living room and a great view of the mountains and the strip. I wasn't so impressed with the strip view because this hotel sits at the end and you see Treasure Island clearly but the others are blocked out by the size of the hotel itself. No biggie, it was still gorgeous. . . They did waive the $25 a day resort fee since we weren't using internet or the gym. We moved the car so it was closer to the elevators for the rooms and this cut the walking down. . . I am going to lump out second stay here in with this review. We first stayed Wed-thurs night and came back on Sunday. Sunday I had booked a room directly through them. Despite Sunday being much more crowded than the weekday, we once again walked right up for check in and the guy asked if we wanted a strip view and higher floor, an 'upgrade'. Okay, cool. I had been happy with the 25th floor before. . . However, when we got into this new room, it was not the sunken living, nor did the shower have the extra jets in them and it was a stripped down room, and this cost $267 a night. OUCH. We were all like, WTH? It was same view we had before but now we were on the 45th floor. I had paid less for the other room, it had nothing to do with the rate calendar, believe me, that was the first thing we checked. So, if you want to make sure you have a sunken living room and more deluxe room, ask at the front desk before upgrading. . . Overall, we had a great time and I would go back and stay there again, I would not stay there if it wasn't the sunken living room suite just because then it is like most other hotels. For the cost of the room, you want to feel like it was worth it. We were going to stay at the Flamingo on the second trip Sunday for the ease of going to play Keno, but decided to go back here. . . The beds in the first room were more comfy. I though it was just me in the second room, but right away my husband and dad were saying the beds were hard in this new room. . . If you watch the rate calendar you can get rooms starting at $109 a night. If you area Costco member, you get some perks, so check that out.
There are so many options no when it comes to hotels in vegas.. but this place sets itself apart from the competition with affordable rates and great customer service- the clubs there are cool but always a long wait . even if you have a table. . the steak house there is better than the sushi restaurant. . the pool is not the best party pool in vegas but it gets the job done.
Stayed at the pallazo in mid June mid week. . Check in was friendly and very helpful. . However if you have wifi in your room , the connection cuts in and out if you have an iPad. Same happens  to my friends Mac.. . The suites are very spacious . . And the staff was friendly. . . This place is missing a buffet but it's close enough to the Wynn and treasure island and the fashion shoes mall. . . I would stay here again
Beautiful place and it smells amazing when you walk in with all the flowers.  Nice casino floor and shops as well.
The hotel is very nice with good service and spacious rooms.  Note: though we stayed in a suite.  We had a great view of the Wynn pools.  The casino seems rather small and there isn't as many dining choices as the Cosmopolitan or the Wynn but overall still very good.  The Wynn pools are bigger and more fun though and there was a more festive crowd at the Cosmo.  I like this hotel but if for the same money I would probably stay at the Wynn or the Cosmo first.
I would definitely stay here again.  Hands down, this is a nice, fancy hotel that's more reasonably priced than the other nice, fancy hotels on the strip.  . . Every room in this hotel is a suite, so the amenities are nice and the room feels incredibly spacious and comfortable.  I stayed in a king suite, which had a really comfortable bed with a pillow-top mattress and feather pillows and a nice feather comforter.  . . It also had a SUNKEN livingroom.  Awesome!  The living room is off of the area with the bed and it's a few steps down with a nice, velour corner lounge couch, tv, dinging table and office suite.  One part of the couch has a twin fold-out bed (request an additional blanket from housekeeping) and the other side is comfortable enough to just sleep on, anyway.  . . Big bathroom, stand-up shower and jacuzzi tub.  Toilet is in a separate room so someone else can use the small vanity area or sink while you're doing your thing in the other room.  The vanity area is nice because you can sit, do your hair and makeup and watch the TV that is in the bathroom.. . Did I mention there are THREE TVs in this suite?  I don't even know how many TVs could possibly be in other, larger suites but this one has a bunch that are awesome.  Satellite TV, pay-per-view movies, etc. - everything you couldimagine on a TV.  There's also some cool tech updates to this room that make things comfortable: iPod dock, DVD/Blu-Ray player and HDMI connects for the TVs so you can stream info from your devices to the TVs.. . All in all, a great hotel.  My only deduction in stars comes from the pools and the casino.  Yeah, there's TONS of pools here; however, they all smell a little rank and I have NEVER been in a pool with more pieces of hair floating around than at the Palazzo.  Hair, in any quantity, grosses me out when it's no longer in your head and, instead, floating in a pool touching my finger.  It's even MORE gross when part of your weave gets caught on my wedding ring.  WHYYYYY??. . Lastly, this hotel's casino SUCKS.  Table games are way too expensive ($25 minimums after noon) and I've never had WORSE luck in a casino than I have here.  Sure, it's all chance, but this place's tables are terrible and no one ever wins.  Go somewhere else to gamble, for sure.
The Palazzo is a terrific property I suspect gets overlooked by many visitors.  I've certainly overlooked it for years.  It has a lot going for it, and, at least during my stay, was quite a bargain relative to what other and in many cases lesser strip properties were charging.  . . Some pros:. . It's a luxury property in more or less the same league as its sister all-suite property, the Venetian; Wynn/Encore; Bellagio; and Mandalay Bay.  . . The underground parking is easy to get into and out of and easy to navigate.  It also makes for an easy, off-strip drive to and from the airport.  . . The rooms/suites are generously sized and well appointed.  I would characterize the standard suites as junior suites.  There is a nice sized sunken living area separated from the sleeping area by the step down and a pony wall, but the only separate room is the bathroom.  . . My bed was nice, probably not Four Seasons nice, but a definite step up from what I've found in more mid-level strip properties.  . . I like the northish strip location for a change of pace.  It's on the east side of strip between the Venetian and Wynn/Encore with TI being directly across the street on the west side of the strip.  . . Tacos El Gordo is walkable from here.. . There is lots of high end shopping in the attached attached mall, if you need more ways to spend your dough.  . . The place was well-staffed with a well-trained and friendly staff.  . . I had a nice time and would not hesitate to stay here again.  . . No real gripes come to mind, so I won't struggle to come up with any.
We really enjoyed our stay. Our suite and the view were both beautiful. Customer service is tops. Grand Lux Cafe breakfast priced reasonably. There's also a mall across the street other than the malls within the hotel. I also liked that it is connected to the Venetian hotel. So you have plenty of choices for dining and clubbing.
Having been to Vegas many times and having stayed at various resorts on the strip, I was very much looking forward to exploring the Palazzo. My little sister is getting married, naturally this is a great excuse to go to Vegas for a trip with the girls! I was not disappointed! Palazzo is beautiful, classic yet modern with many options for dining, shopping and, of course, gambling. Since it's attached to the Venetian you get two resorts in one.. . RESERVATIONS & CHECK IN. I was able to get the best deal for 3 Bella Suites directly through the Palazzo web page. They even offer a lowest rate guarantee. I found rates to be a bargain for a property of this caliber. Check-in process took a while, we arrived during peak hours and the hotel should have had more front desk agents available. However, the young gentleman checking us in was fantastic, he made sure our rooms were on the same floor and had great views of the strip, answered all our questions and even waived the resort fee, because the reservations did not explicitly state it.. . ROOMS. Our rooms were on the 44th floor with a beautiful view of the strip. Slightly over 700 sq ft with comfortable beds, cute sunken living room and a modern bathroom. And yes, they DO have hair dryers, in the vanity drawers. Double sink, glass shower and big bath tub - perfect for relaxing in after a late night out. Plenty of closet space and drawers to organize all of your belongings.. . POOL AREA. I think I counted 6-7 separate pool areas you can pick from between both properties. You can choose sun or shade, shallow or slightly deeper, loud or chill. You don't need to checkout towels they are just available, comfortable lounge chairs everywhere. The resort was busy and even in the middle of the day I did not have trouble finding a great spot to sunbathe (with tons of sunscreen, of course). Cocktail servers could have been a bit more available, but you can still flag one down very easily. . . Overall we had a fantastic time. There were no major issues with service and I would stay at this property again in a heartbeat!. . P.S. It was very convenient to take our bags to the bell desk, and have them ready and in our taxi when we took off for the airport! Do tip generously for great service, this is their livelihood.
I could rate this place 5 stars and I could rate it 2.. . First, don't pay their rediculous $25 "resort fee". Tell them no and they will waive it, unless you seriously came to Vegas to work out and you feel obligated to pay (don't forget you are about to lose you a$$ at the tables.. . Second, if you are the type of person whoappreciates a nice, chilly, hotel room, bring it up with management. Thay have a code that will stop the goddam AC from turning off when you leave the room or FALL ASLEEP AT NIGHT. They have those annoying motion sensors that only turn on the AC while you are in the room. . . Third, have fun. The rooms are great and staff very accomodating.. . Fourth, eat breakfast at that French restaurant to the left of the check in. The "ham and cheese" crepe is wonderful, so is everthing else.. . One of the best breakfasts of my life. WOW.. . Oh, and the location is great. Its really nice to have that walgreens right on the corner.
i have been wanting to stay at this fine hotel for a good while since ive turned 21 - four years ago lol. now that im 25 yrs old and every single year i go to vegas for my anniversary- i usually try someplace new.. . i chose to do the name your price on priceline.com and i got palazzo! parking was very convienent (front and side enterances) - although it doesnt have the hi-tech lights like cosmo- it was brightly lit and close to the elevators.. . it was easy to find the front desk from the parking lot and right across the casino. the front desk was great and my bf and i recieved great customer service/interaction. i had sara from customer service put a note on account that it would be our four yr anniversary and requested a high floor. so our front desk agent def. did her thing- we got our room on the 38th floor with a view!! free of charge! she gave us coupons and the carnival book of deals that we def took a advantage of to use at their stores and resturants. . . the room was great! the seperation of the sunken living room and the bedroom. the bed was super comfty and roomy! the vanity in the bathroom was used by yours truly and i loved the layout of it. i wished we hada fridge so we couldve store our wine and beer we brought though. . . the resort was just at a PRIME location..when i say prime its PRIME! im all about location, location, location!!! my bf and i were just amazed at how close we were to everything, the elevators were just set a great location for anyplace and everywhere. we could be at the canal shoppes in a min or casino on another floor.  anytime we were out on the strip or stopped by walgreens- our elevators to our rooms were right there. . . id def reccommend staying here for just a great vacation. btw check out all the 5/6 pools they have to offer and use those coupons. we did eat at couple places at palazzo like i love burgers and illys by using those discounts. plus they made us feel great since it was our anniversary! i have more pics of our trip on my ig at lovexak- pls check it out! . . i wouldve to experienced the prestige floor on the 23rd floor if i had the chance i would love to see what the special selected few get to experience.
Had a nice suite that overlooked the pool; also had a nice view of Treasure Island and the Trump.. . Bathroom was spacious and cozy. Love watching TV while in the bath.. . The bed and pillows were very, very comfortable. Got my 8 hours a night!. . Wi-Fi was hit or miss. Most of the time, I  piggy-backed on somebody else's connection (which was better anyway).. . No coffee maker. Good thing I brought my Keurig!. . I'd love to stay here again!
Loved the cleanliness, spaciousness in the rooms & comfortable bed.  Hated the gondola ride.  We stayed inside & it was $75 for a 15 minute ride for 2 which was insultingly overpriced.  for the value it should have been free.  . . Drinks ($16 for bloody mary by pool) expensive - even for Vegas!  Prices in the Canyon Ranch spa were 3x what I pay back home.. . Hubby was VERY disappointed with sports book - it doesn't compare to the other hotels.  You're meant to be dining if you go there.. . Almost missed the warning that "free" wi fi only  lasted for the first 24 hours.  If you even touch anything in the mini bar you get charged so be aware.
I had a great time at this gorgeous hotel.. . Check-in(2 stars). This is really slow as it is a busy hour. I arrived 11am of busiest day and the long line was already formed. We had a deal a couple of months before and the staffs wanted $50 early checkin fee. I decided to wait until 3pm. When i came back  at 3pm she wanted me to wait until 5pm again because the room was not ready. I was really disappointed. But finally she changed our nice suite to the regular suite and i didnt need to pay resort fee($50). I didn't know whether smile or sad.. . Room(5 stars). gorgeous and spacious with the view. The room is very clean, modern. It has everything: 3TVs, bar area, a nice bathroom, a spacious closet, couches, desk and dinning table. . . Pool area(4 stars). This is huge. There is many different kinds of pools with the beach chairs. I can choose loud or quiet, family friendly or vibe, deep or shallow. The staffs serve towels and sliced cucumbers to cool down the hot face. We had a great time under the shade area wading and splashing.. . Amenities(5 stars). There are so many gorgeous restaurants, bar area, and also casino. i am not a casino person and enjoyed the fancy restaurant such as Morels french restaurant, Bouchon. When we checked in, the hotel gave us coupon booklet and discounted a lot.. . Checked out by phone call and sent us bell boy when i needed.. . Parking(5 stars). Valet parking and bell boy are for free when we stay this hotel. They are very kind and very helpful. Even though we checked out early, our belonging could stay in the hotel until we left hotel completely.
I love the large room layout and the bathroom size! Check-in was fast an easy.  The location if the Venetian is close enough to the monorail for easy transportation and within a decent walking distance to see the Bellagio Water Show.
The suites here are a pretty slick setup. Two beds and a mini living-room type deal. Great place to to sleep, and still a great place to relax with friends.. . The key difference here is the living-room type space. Spacious, nice L-shaped couch, coffee table. It's pretty awesome.. . And it was nice having TV access basically EVERYWHERE in the room.
They have great customer service here. Many times my friends have lost their ID from the night before and it has always found its way back into their hands. Our most recent trip during Labor Day Weekend, I left my speaker charger plugged into the outlet. I called the Lost & Found  Department and Judy Kral put together a work order for them to check the room. I received it in three days. Pretty awesome. Judy was most accommodating and I had great pleasure talking to her. For all of you guys out there who has lost something at this hotel, hope is not lost haha! Make sure you try and call the lost & found.. . Thanks Judy.
LOVE the look of the building, the 5-star room (even the cheapest room they have is TOP NOTCH!) and the professionalism of the check-in staff.  However, the casino sucks. Slots are incredibly tight...blew over $4000 in their "Slot Salon" section on a couple different $25 machines and got a lousy $500 payout. Pretty pathetic. Didn't see anyone hitting a jackpot anywhere actually.  Besides all that nonsense, my favorite hotel on the strip because you get treated like a king.
I love the ambiance of this place.  My family took a ride on the gondolas, which was fun, and we ate a few snacks here and there along the river walk.  Overall, this is a great place for some good eats and a nice stroll indoors.
I loved the bathroom!  Lol . The bed was AMAZINGGG & COMFORTABLE!. The one thing that was dissapointing was the service from. The girls who bring the drinks while gambling they were . No where to be fOund.  When you did find them they took. Really long to get back wIth the drinks. . Other than that really good exPerience for it being my first. Time in Vegas :)) THANKS!
Palazzo definitely lived up to the five stars expectation.  We stayed here for the duration of a Sands Expo event.  Everything went smoothly for our entire stay from check-in to check out.  They got a theme of Italian decor throughout the hotel and a series of fancy shops on second floor.  The location is very convenience for walking down the Strip and driving to Chinatown area.  Their parking lot seems easier get in and out compared to Venetian side.. . The regular room was very comfortable, almost can list as a suite for some hotels.  The room seems clean (did not test with black light though XD).  Depending on the room, you may have a view the Strip or other hotels nearby.  Hotel staffs were friendly and helpful throughout.   They also have a variety of dining option available at the hotel, but I have yet to try any of them.
I've stayed here for a week at a time for work, and I have no idea how I didn't ever review this place.  I'd call this a 4.5 star review.. . There are pros and cons to staying at a gigantic, luxury hotel.  The rooms are wonderful.  They've continued to keep the non-smoking floors pretty smoke free, so you don't have lingering scents causing frustrations.  They are also huge.  I believe each room is over 700 square feet, and if you get the rooms that have 2 queen beds, you can honestly sleep 6 people in a room easily.  They have sunken living rooms, and a tv in the sleeping area, living area and bathroom.. . The bathrooms have a separate shower and tub, and plenty of room for both, plus a sitting area for make-up application.  The drapes are really easy to use, and are complete black-out systems.. . Be sure to ask for a humidifier when you stay here, and with luck, you should find one in your room before you get there, already chugging away.  I've found having that addition makes staying in Vegas for more than 48 hours bearable, and I'll sleep better, and feel worlds better. You can recoup from a night of excess WAY easier when there's moisture in the air.. . The room service is decent food for room service, but keep in mind, it takes a long time. They estimate the times pretty well, but it won't be a 15 minute turn around. They serve a lot of rooms, and it's a big place to cover, so be realistic.. . The Palazzo has a clean, manageably sized casino, though the tables minimums start reasonably high.  It also has a selection of really top notch restaurants.  Sushi Samba is solid for it's Japanese and Brazilian fare, B&B is great for Italian.  Lavo is a more mellow approach to clubs than Tao, and all in a reasonable space.  If you're going with a group, I highly recommend this place.
This Place from the Rooms to the Food to The staff to the Environment to the Pool. Is Awesome Specially the Buffet.
I was in the Bella suite with one other girl, so that was pretty sweet. I guess that's the perk of being 1 of 2 girls in the company. The room was very nice and could comfortably sleep 6 people (including the pull-out sofa bed). However, I don't think there's enough room for 6 people's luggage and stuff. . . The casino is pretty fun. I'm not a huge gambler, so I didn't spend too much time on the casino floor. We did get the 12 of us and play craps, which was super fun. . . Apparently the $20 trick works here. My boss had done it and we all got upgraded to these Bella suits (not too sure about the penthouse that they had already booked).. . In any case, the Palazzo is very nice. It overlooks the Encore pool/ XS, so it's great that it's super close to those clubs. It's NOT walking distance to Marquee/Cosmo (well, it is but it's freaking far; do not receommend, especialy in heels).
I believe that my friend booked the bella suite and it was freaking huge!!  You could easily and comfortably fit 6 people in here but if you really want to push it, you can probably fit 8 people here...with beds of course.  Go nuts and have people sleep on the floor if you must because it is very spacious!  The beds and comforters were super duper comfortable and the automatic curtains was totally amazing!  Looks can look so deceiving!  Sleeping throughout the night and into the morning, the room was still pitched black thinking that it was still night time!  I LOVED that feeling of it still being dark outside.  The bathroom was spacious as well. Wish that the shower was sort of private and secluded so that way, people can shower, as well as others can get ready as well.  The bathroom was secluded so that was a problem with no ventilation and if someone did their "business" it was not good ;)  With a nice mini suite like this, i would expect to have a fridge but sadly there was none because that definitely would have been useful to store our food so when we get our drunk ass back to the hotel, we would have food to eat!  Also with a nice place like this, no hair dryer?? What is up with that?!  Overall, pretty nice place to stay and it was great that they accommodated adjoining rooms for us!  . . NOTE:. -housekeeping is a bit slow. -lots of elevators to get to different floors
Not a fan of their parking garage, it's underground and confusing. You never know where you're going and where you'll end up. It would take a few times before you really know where you're going in the parking garage. They have a variety of high end shops and restaurants for guests. The room looks very clean and very well decorated. you could sleep 6 people in a room comfortably. It's a very nice casino to walk and to stay at, only the price is very expensive.
Really liked the place!
[Off-topic: I'm VERY grateful to the No1DP for letting me tag along on his 2nd Vegas trip and giving me a chance to see what it's like working in his industry. I am also grateful that this trip was the best Vegas trip for both of us, and I've been to Vegas at least a handful of times since turning 21. You're a sweetheart :*]. ---. . The No1DP was in Vegas to attend a conference in Sands Expo and the conference offered a block of rooms in the nearby Venetian and Palazzo for the same price. Knowing this I suggested to him to get a room in the Palazzo knowing that it would be the more "contemporary" version of the Venetian (it was built later) and had more square footage in the standard suite. . . CHECK-IN:  As No1DP would be in workshops when I arrived from SD he told front desk to allow me to check-in to his room under my name. I was able to request room keys under my name with no hassle.. . ROOM: The main room is divided into two areas, the bedroom and the living area divided by a counter and two steps that lead into the living area. Room was luxurious and spacious, yet still keeping up with the Italianesque classical theme (if you want a more 'contemporary'-looking room stay at the neighboring Wynn/Encore). This is definitely a room that you can lounge around all day.. . Bed was quite comfortable, sometimes the No1DP and I found it hard to get out of bed! There's a TV across from the bed but there is no separate hookup for DVDs or a way to get signals from DVD box connected to the TV in the living room. . . Around the room there's lots of drawer, cabinet and counter space to put in your things. No1DP took this to his advantage and completely unpacked his luggage (I'm still the woman that leaves everything in the luggage so there's no looking for stuff 10 minutes prior to checkout). . Living/work space is also ideal for lounging around. There's an L-shaped sofa with nearby counter and table space, perfect for eating meals around the couch. There's a TV with DVD player (doesn't play Blu-ray) along with a separate dining and working table. My only concern is that the stairs leading to the living space make it hard to transport room service food from the entrance to the living room area without having to pick up the individual items. . . BATHROOM/SHOWER: Bathroom was also very spacious and luxurious. The shower can fit two average-sized people. Loved that there are shower sprays on the side and you can transfer between shower heads at will. There's a TV mounted to the wall if you want to watch while using the bath. The bathroom amenities smelled quite nice and left a little-more-than-subtle ginger scent on the skin, which smelled quite nice on the No1DP (TMI, sorry).. . HOUSEKEEPING: They did a good job with the cleaning whenever we requested it (as we used the privacy cards for much of our stay). . . IN-HOUSE DINING: Japanese Breakfast ($28): Seared 7oz. Scottish salmon filet, steamed rice, miso soup, poached egg, pickled vegetables, nori, and green tea. You can replace green tea with coffee with cream/sugar. Though slightly pricey for an equivalent dish in other restaurants, it's a small price to pay for not getting out of your room. Salmon and pickled vegetables were decent, steamed rice was a little dry (No1DP and I are used to eating stickier rice for salmon) and miso was made fresh. . . Overall the No1DP and I enjoyed our stay and this will be an option if I want a luxurious yet classical place to stay and I foresee myself being at the hotel for much of my stay.
WOW - What a beautiful spacious hotel room. I do not think that I can ever go back to another hotel after staying here. I sure was spoiled scoring a room here! Between the amazing decor, soft King size bed, to the TV in the bathroom (that had both a shower and tub) and the sitting/office area I was in heaven. And the staff couldn't have been more accommodating, helpful and friendly. Now this is how you should feel /be treated at every hotel. You defiantly feel like you are staying at a resort when you are staying at the Palazzo. . . I also really enjoyed the fitness facility, high end shops, and delicious restaurants that the Palazzo offers. I didn't get a chance to check out the pools, but I am sure they are just as amazing as the rest of the hotel and it's facilities. . . All around an amazing hotel!
This is a really good place to stay in Vegas. Great rooms, very comfortable, very large. There's no buffet, but there's a zillion great restaurants. There's no Starbucks, but there's Coffee Bean and Cafe Press, and you'll find one right by the guest elevators on the first floor, and the other right by the guest elevators on the second floor. I'm so happy we didn't have to walk 500 miles to get morning coffee.. . We avoided the Grand Lux Cafe; it's owned by Cheesecake Factory (and we weren't impressed by the one in Chicago). That is the tiniest of nits to pick, because there are literally more than a dozen fine dining restaurants between Palazzo and Venetian, most of which are owned/presented by celebrity chefs. Had more than one spectacular meal.
Winner Winner Chicken Dinner!! . . The Palazzo is an awesome place to stay on the strip!. . Location and Parking: The Palazzo is right across the street from the TI and Fashion Show Mall on the north side of the strip. For arrival from the I-15, I recommend taking the Spring Mountain Rd exit and then going across Las Vegas Blvd to enter the parking lot on the right side of the road. As a note, Spring Mountain Rd becomes Sands Blvd on the other side of Las Vegas Blvd.  I found that there is plenty of parking either through valet or self-parking. The Palazzo is connected with the Venetian and offers plenty of restaurants, bars and shops in the Grand Canal Shoppes area located in between the two hotels.. . Room: Nicely done! My wife and I went with the regular suite with no strip view (least costly of all the suites/rooms). The suite provides over 700 sq. ft. of space and the layout is terrific. The sunk in living room/office/dining area off the bedroom part of the suite is really great. I was able to get some work done on my laptop using their WiFi while watching football games on the TV (multitasking at its finest). The bathroom has dual sinks, a vanity area, a separate bath and shower, and best of all a TV. Never missed a moment of football games since I was able to watch while showering! The bedroom came with a comfortable king size bed, a large dresser, two bedside tables, and the largest TV of all three TV's in the suite. . . Service: I believe in second chances when it comes to service. I have to admit our stay was off to a rough start when our room had not been adequately cleaned upon check in and then it was neglected to be cleaned at all during our second of six days here. So I called the front desk and explained the situation to a manager who quickly sent a cleaning crew to our room.  From that moment on, we had no problems with the cleaning services. Everyone I spoke to at the hotel was very polite, courteous and eager to help with any issue or question I had.  . . Casino: The sportsbook is super nice and I really like the stadium style seating with comfortable chairs, but I wish they would keep it open longer for their customers to enjoy. It ended up not really being a big deal since the Venetian sportsbook is open 24/7.. . We will be staying here again!
Stayed here for two nights. I think its a good deal for sure. There are some things to note though:. 1) The rooms have soaps and lotion that are very perfume'ish. Left my skin mad dry. So bring your own if you're a hippy like me. . 2) No fridge to store your stuff. . 3) The $25 cost to use the spa is well worth it. Very very relaxing. . 4) They have two gyms will full on free weights, squat rack, bench press, etc. Much better than any hotel's I've been to. . 5) No buffet. So you'll have to get your snack on somewhere else if you're mad hungry. . 6) The Walgreens in the building comes in very handy for cheap water bottles (the canteen in the casino charges $8 for a bottle).. Some good some bad but overall I think its a good spot.
Really enjoyed my stay here! Got a deal from the jet setter website for a room for about 130$ a night. I had never been to the palazzo but I liked the location on the strip. I was pleasantly surprised when we arrived to our room. These rooms are HUGE!  It was absolutely beautiful, everything about the room was perfect. It had a lovely sitting area, 2 TVs, a huge bed, tub and desperate shower. The bathroom was beautiful and also large. The hotel was very clean and the staff were beyond friendly. Went to the pool area as well and it was large and looked nice. There was also a hot tub and a restaurant outside.. . One of the only hotels in Las Vegas that I would return for- totally worth the price!
Stayed for two days. Yep, huge rooms in a 5 star facility with sunken living area. . . You are offered a room up-sell upon checking in. Standard room seemed fine.. . Massively huge property, and handles the crowd well.. . Friendly staff, hotel and casino.. . Wi-Fi worked well and included in room rate.. . Odd:  3 digital TVs but no coffee maker in room. . . Small gripe:  you sign an agreement upon check-in to pay $75 if you check out late. Strict, inflexible, and guest unfriendly.. . Consistently good food. Drinks all premium priced by about 25% more.. . Hourly shuttle to airport, but stops running 6 pm (fee). Told by concierge that cabbies routinely ripoff tourists with $35 fare to/from airport.. . If you think this review with photos is useful, funny or cool, I'd appreciate ur feedback by clicking below.
Nice hotel. Although we check in at the Venetian more often since we love the pool better:)))
What a great place.  The Palazzo and Venetian are linked, with a connecting hallway and a supreme shopping center, the Grand Canal Shoppes, so you know this is going to be a nice place.  Because the Palazzo is at the end of the mid-strip and only close to the Venetian and the Wynn, it doesn't offer nearby walking to other casinos without taking a good hike.  For that reason, I cannot give it an additional star.  But pretty sure if you stay here, you will love it.  My only gripes are that with elite rankings, the table games are on the high side and the rewards program doesn't get you much.  I've gotten free comps at other casinos but never here.  Without the comps, you will have to pay a lot to stay here.  So I usually stay in cheaper places and head here or the Venetian for shopping, gambling or eats.
Large, comfortable suites.  . Great staff.  . . Bring earplugs as HVAC is a bit loud at night.  Otherwise rooms are perfect. . . $25 Resort Fee won't allow anyone under age of 18 into the gym, even if they're 17 years old and under direct supervision.  . . Room safes are excellent, with Edison plugs inside for charging devices.  . . Overall a decent hotel.
