Luxor is a good hotel for the price. I went last week and was upgraded for free :) Rooms were comfortable. Staff was friendly and helpful. Easy walk to Excalibur, MGM (with monorail), Mandalay and New York New York.  I would definitely stay here again.
The hotel was a great deal for the price.  We had a clean and comfortable room overlooking the strip, it was a Pyramid Deluxe suite.  The hotel was clean, service was friendly, they have good clubs, a nice casino.  The only thing I didn't like was their buffet, and the older style TV in the room.  However, it was on the strip and had shuttles to Mandalay and Excalibur which was nice.  It's hard to find a good deal like this on the strip.
I'll try to write this review without being bitter from losing soooo much money at Black Jack ;). . The room was awesome! I loved the slanted window pyramid style. the water pressure in the shower was amazing! i definitely did not want to get out, but then realized i was in the desert and prob should attempt to conserve. I did notice a little mould, but not enough to bother me. Bed was comfortable, but the pillows were a little too big and firm (i am goldilocks when it comes to sleeping).. . I was a little upset when i couldnt find a non smoking gambling area, so i kept having to move tables when someone started smoking next to me. its so gross!!. . Overall I had a great experience (checking in, out, and throughout my duration of multiple stays).
The Luxor is the value hotel of the MGM group. I had two rooms when I stayed here, a suite in one of the towers and the standard pyramid room. . Both rooms were clean and came with the standard promised amenities, but did show signs of wear. I think a renovation will be needed sooner then later. The linens, bathrooms, and room were clean. . . I ate at Tender Steakhouse, T&T(Mexican Restaurant), and the Pyramid Cafe. They were all great . I also ate at the buffet which was just "meh", not worth $30. They also have a food court with burgers, pizza, ect... . . There are lots of people trying to sell you future stays at the Luxor. It is kind of irritating, but a good deal if you listen to the sales pitch. I didn't buy in though because I wasn't sure when I would be coming back. . . The Luxor hosts several entertainment shows including Chris Angel and Carrot Top, if you call these two entertainment. I didn't see either of these two because it is common knowledge that they both suck. The Luxor's other shows Bodies, Titanic, and Menopause the musical didn't really appeal to me. Not really a place to stay for the shows. . . The casino itself was great. Friendly dealers, variety of games and slot machines. There is an inside walkway lined with stores that connects to Mandalay Bay. The Luxor gets 4 stars instead of three because the rooms are very reasonably priced.
Alright so walking from the airport (with luggage) to the luxor isn't as smart as we first thought. But the benches in luxor are very comfortable after long walks. After settling down in our rooms we were satisfied. I lost all my money in this place, so lets hope my $10 goes to a good cause. Beds are firm. I heard many people complain about this place being not as fresh as they want but I say to them the price for this stay on the strip is reasonable. If you plan to pay $50 a night and have them open doors for you, you may be a little loco.  As a heads up, You can't hook up video game systems to these TVs. It kind of sucks if your low on money and trying to skimp out on transportation since it is all the way on the south end. Note to self, better walking shoes. (I can not feel my toes) . . Everything was great for the price I mean. There is a walgreen not for far. so get your cheap beer there instead of the overpriced crap in the hotel. . . PS: hoochymommas cards are very valuable. Take every single one you can as souvenir. Because its the only thing you will get for free in vegas.
My review is based on the casino itself and the nice and loose slots.  I hit just about every casino on the strip and this and the Paris had the loosest slots around, I won over half of my entire trip expenses back and won big on the nickel slots here multiple times.  Most people steer clear of the nickel slots but I really love gaming and like to spend a good amount of time playing.  The hotel and gaming area are really eye pleasing and unique.  I feel the view here from the gaming floor is perhaps in my top 3 for Las Vegas and you really get the feeling you're in a one of a kind atmosphere.  Love gambling here.
It wasn't bad. I guess i went there with a lower expectation after staying at the excalibur once before. Stayed here with hubby and a couple friend of ours for 3 nights for $150.. My friend and I went to gamble and figured we'd let the guys check in, and hope they would request a higher floor for a better view. bad idea. Lesson learned... next time, do it yourself. cant trust guys, cuz they simply dont care haha. We got a room on the 5th floor. Had it been me that checked in, I would have requested a higher floor... maybe 20 or up. But the view from the 5th floor was really not all that bad. our room was nice, and bed was comfy! so cant really complain- not that i care whether the bed was comfy or not cuz I know when I go back to the room after a night of partying, i could pass out on the floor for all i care ;)
This is where I stayed for my Vegas trip and I liked it. The room was simple but comfortable. The bed was really nice, comfy. I slept well to say the least. . . The room service was quick and always polite. The baggage holding area was a life saver! And they allowed us to check in hours early!. . There is a good selection of food, everything from a Deli to a Mexican Bar/Restaurant. Pricey but good.. . The negatives: A long walk from most of the Strip (it's one of the first hotels on the street) and check in is at 3 so if there's no room you're S.O.L.
great place to stay, even tho' it's a bit toward the end of the strip....the restaurants are pretty nice but pricey, the cat house is hip but usually not as packed as the other clubs in Vegas the slots are decent....we did win a little when we played the slots =P we are not big gamblers so we didn't try our luck at the table games..... . the elevator seems a bit too shakey and carrot top + chris angel is not really attractive show to me.....we didn't get to see fantasy =( (due to time restrain) the room is pretty clean and the beds are nice.....not smelly nor dirty . . the new buildings behind the pyramid are a little newer inside.
So we didn't stay here, but this review is based on my gambling and dining experience. First off, the giant pyramid is a must see, what a cool design! Inside looks immaculate! The casino floor is spotless and there are tons of tables and slots in this place. I played blackjack in what the Luxor calls the "Party Pit". They have a female dancer dancing on stage in-between the circle of tables. Not distracting to me, but I can see how they're trying to pull attention from your cards... So... PAY ATTENTION so you don't lose $$$. . My wife and I ate at the Tacos & Tequila (T&T). Not bad, but overpriced for small portions. You definitely pay for the experience and not the food. All in all this place is really nice and I would come back!
I've stayed at the Luxor for over a month in the pyramid. It is one of the coolest hotels and every experience was great.
Other reviews had me a little worried about this hotel, but my friend and I had a fantastic stay here!  We got a free upgrade to a suite in the West Tower, and the room was enormous and very clean.  . . I enjoyed the kitschy "Egyptian" hotel decor, which made for a lot of laughs.  The pyramid lobby is really very neat, and very "Vegas"!    The Luxor is on the south end of the strip, but as long as you don't mind walking everything is pretty accessible; one day we walked up to the Trump hoteland back, and we made a lot of other smaller trips out.  But keep in mind that I wouldn't even consider attempting this during the summer.. . We made full use of the gym (small, but never very crowded) and the pool area.  The Luxor restaurants we tried (T&T and the Pyramid) were slightly below average, but served their purpose just fine.   The casino had plenty of $10 tables, and the employees were all extremely friendly and helpful.   . . Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel if you're going to Vegas on a budget.
My partner and I stayed here for 3 nights in a spa suite.. . Pros:. Clean room, bedding, and fresh towels were provided daily. Clean casino. Open casino layout, easy to navigate. Easy parking. Walking bridges to Mandalay Bay & Excalibur. Cocktail waitresses were plentiful. Friendly employees. Quite room (We didn't hear anything from any of the rooms, or outside). Egyptian theme lobby and rooms (may not be for everyone). . Cons:. No WiFi.....WTF??!!. Armoire and night stand were a bit beat-up. TV was old, but worked since we only use it for weather channel. Time share people (but they are easy to avoid). . I would say overall it's a decent and fun hotel to stay at.
I would wright a nifty paragraph or essay about this hotel however being so that there are hundreds of reviews for this hotel I thought I would give you a pros and cons list of The Luxor . Pros:. Room with a jacuzzi always a plus. Room Service. Large Buffet. Tender Steakhouse . Food Court. Fine Mexican Food. Carrot Top (if your into that sort of thing). Criss Angel (again if your into that sort of thing). Titanic Exhibit. Bodies Exhibit. Open Casino. Plenty of parking. Spa. . The Cons:. Hecklers all about the casino trying to sell show tickets. Old TV's in the room (no LCD). They charge $50.00 bucks per night for movie rentals on your card.. There were cracks on some of the furniture. There was a two hour long wait list for the steak house. Carrot Top (not a fan). Criss Angel (full of himself). No Wifi. . Well, there you have it folks. Your call! :)
Just gorgeous! Nice and cheap food court. Airy and spacious and bright casino.
Ok, so 90% of the rooms do suck in this place.  However, like any ugly group of girls or guys at a bar, there's always one that stands out.  And the rooms that stand out for this baby are the Pyramid Spa Suite rooms facing Excalibur , which I think is the West view (or maybe East...hmm).. . I wish I can remember the room number exactly b/c that room was updated from floor to ceiling, except for the two outdated TVS, but aside from that everything was new here - new armoires, new couches, new carpet, new jacuzzi tiles, new walk in shower, new comforter and pillow cases! lol - Yes, I'm so going back there.  The view of Excalibur wasn't so bad either when ur chilling in ur private jacuzzi drinking a glass of wine, doing ur thang, whatever that is playa!  . . Just make sure to ask for the most recent updated spa suite room and u will leave happy with that special someone; a bit in debt, but happy for the most part. :)
The elevators freaked me out a little since they ride at an angle; otherwise this was a nice clean place to stay.  Love that I can go from Luxor to Mandalay Bay inside.
It was on the end of the strip but I had no problems geting around town. We stayed at some ridiculous jacuzzi suite room with 2 beds and a living room complete with mini fridge but no mcrowave?!?! Fine by me to split two huge beds between 3 girlfriends for $50.
A girls weekend in Vegas had the 6 of us looking for the BEST priced hotel on the Strip. The price we got at the Luxor for 2 queen beds couldn't be beat anywhere. So the Luxor it was. . . I'm a HUGE fan of the valet parking, the best part is it's free. The Valets where nice, friendly, helpful and right up on it. The bell staff also gets high marks for thier service and friendliness. When you have 6 girls you have lots of luggage, they were careful and professional the entire time. . . Check in was fast and easy. We were upgraded as we had requested two rooms adjoining...so although we wanted to be in the Pyramid the Towers were nice. . . The Hotel Cafe has a bit to be desired. We ate here on the way in and out. The way in was tolerable...although the menu selection wasn't anything to be deisred. Its the same menu for room service. On the way out we were desiring the Buffet and ventured to the More Buffet but couldn't justify $35 for breakfast. COME ON that is ridiculous even for VEGAS! So the cafe again it was. Once we were in the front of the line the wait for a table was autrocious, THEN the wait for the waitress to even come over for drinks was a good 20 mins. so much luck for getting out of Vegas before noon. The food was good, and satisfied the masses. . . Saturday we spent the day at the pool and got a cabana. There seems to be some false advertisement on the Luxors website about the cabanas. As it stated that drinks, and a fruit plate was included. Upon asking about the fruit plate we were informed that it was for the higher ended Cabanas, yet the website did not clearly state this. The Cabana Host manager stated he knew this and apologized. UMMM We want our DAMN FRUIT!  . . Getting the the Cabana by 10am as requested we were all STARVING and looking around for a waitress. Called the front area...they said one would be over. 15 mins later still no Waitress. Finally we went to the front and asked for a waitress....5 mins later a sweet waitress came over took our drink and food orders. Well what happened next floored me. The regular waitress for our cabana shows up a good 30 mins later pissed off that someone else served us and treated us like shit the rest of the day. NOT GOOD SERVICE AT ALL! IT definatly put a damper on our drinking and enjoyment of the pool services. . . Overall I'd go back to the LUXOR, it was a good price for the room. It is a bit south on the strip and a walk to a lot of the other hotels...but the if you have desire to leave the hotel area its a good choice.
We are staying here at the Luxor until Saturday and I couldn't be happier! The room we had was beautiful and clean. The TV we had was a flat screen and the bed was more comfortable than my bed at home! The jacuzzi was the bomb with room for 2 as the stand alone shower. I had heard warnings of a bed bug issue here and good news- not one bug was found! ( despite the rigorous hunting around/under the mattress/bed board/desk/couches by my husband did with his special light) the breakfast buffet was great and served it's purpose... Plus the discount you get when you stay in the hotel is great!I would most definitely come again!
So. I was really and truly excited to stay at the Luxor for the first time on my birthday, I made reservations like three months in advance. When the day finally arrived and we were driving to Vegas, I started to read reviews online to kill time because as most know the drive from SoCal to Vegas is INCREDIBLY boring. The more reviews I read the more panicked I became. They were almost all terrible! Yikes! What did I get myself into?. So we pulled into the Luxor and I was pretty nervous about staying there at this point. Walked in by the pool, which looked really freaking awesome. Little islands to chill on, pool store, snack bar, free fluffy towels, the works. Also, huge Egyptian style fountains, which my boyfriend and I are soooo into. . So, check in went smooth, the hotel general fee is atrocious, but that's all of Vegas. . The room was awesome! The entire Luxor has very low lighting, which I loved, I'm big on dark places, it made it seem more authentically Egyptian. The way the low lighting casted shadows seriously made you feel like you were in an old pyramid digging around, way creepy, but soooo awesome!. Also, I hate the question that comes at the end of these paragraphs that ask "is this a good place for children?". Personally any "good" parent would never bring their children to Vegas in my mind because the only option here is to stick them with a strange sitter as they aren't allowed in a vast majority of the areas within Las Vegas, but that is just my personal opinion, not of the Luxor specifically but of Vegas as an entity. . As anyone who has ever been to Vegas knows, most of the hotels are the same, just different themes, all in all though for what we paid I thought the Luxor was pretty bomb. Especially compared to what other hotels charge the exact same price. It would definitely be a do-over. =]
This is for the casino and shops, we did not stay here. You can see this pyramid as you are flying into Vegas.  We could not wait to go and check it out.  One morning we drove over as we got to the parking lot we spotted a huge van and in the front window was hundreds of smudge hanging from the ceiling and you could see it from the front window.  My sister and I jotted out of the car, walked up where we met a hippie from California.  She lives in the van and travels around selling her fresh hand picked leaves.. . Wow the smell was intense, we talked to her for quite some time and bought some fresh smudge.  I was a bit worried going through airport security that they might arrest me because it was so fresh and still moist it smelled just like marijuana. After speaking with her she told us spiritual people flock to Luxor.. . When you walk in the architecture of the pyramid is beautiful with statues, waterfalls, very peaceful.  My sister and I felt a warm sensation as we admired every detail.  It just felt like a very spiritual place to be.  They guy's trying to sell time share were annoying.  Hard core pushy sales guy's.  Oh they offer some great shows.  And there are some awesome shops.. . After reading all the reviews not sure I would stay here but I really loved the decor and vibe from this hotel/casino.
My husband and i stayed at the luxor for our vow renewal/ honeymoon. It was a nice hotel, we got the pyramid spa suite. loved the spa, the bed was comfy, the view was nice on the 7th floor and the suite was roomy on the 7th floor. The view from the pyramid spa suite where my mother in law stayed was of a wall and the room was A LOT smaller. But my husbands and my room was great, carpet was dingy though and everytime we got off the elevator on our floor it reeked of pot. People with a bade sense of direction should probably not stay here. And They never overcharged us for anything
I just got back from Vegas, I spent four nights at the Luxor and i loved it! My friend bonded with the check in person over hobbies or something, and we got upgraded room was perfect, it was just around the corner from the elevator by the pool. Speaking of the pool it was perfect and we spent quite a bit of time there. I have to admit I laughed when I saw the dsl line but whatever its Vegas, we didn't spend more then ten minutes on the computer looking things up. The television was huge flat screen and nice. We had other friends staying in the pyramid their room wasn't as big or nice as ours, but it was clean and did its job. Both rooms were clean, and everyone treated us well, I would be glad to go back to the Luxor on my next trip to Vegas!
After booking my Luxor room, I read many of the complaints here and feared for the worst. Luckily, there isn't much to complain about, unless you really enjoy complaining.. . The rooms are clean. The bed is comfortable. If you look around online, you can get a room rate around $100 per night. Beyond that, what else do you want in Vegas? Are you really spending that much time in the room? A few more bonuses:. . - The layout of the casino is a bit more spread out than the other rooms in this price range, which is nice. You can actually get around without feeling overwhelmed. They've done a nice job of keeping it up to date as well, it feels very modern. Walk through say, Bally's at a similar price point for comparison, and you can tell the difference. . . - Close walk to the MGM and Mandalay Bay. And close to New York New York too, which has solid late night eats.. . - Very solid 24 hour diner.. . - Giant, nice pool, though it was super crowded when we went July 4th weekend.. . Minor negatives, if you want to call them that:. . - Yes, there is no WiFi. Tough shit. You'll have to plug in your laptop. #firstworldproblems. . . - You also need to walk a bit to get to your tower room from the casino. Really though, not that long of a journey. I don't know about you, but after stuffing my stupid fat American face at a big Vegas meal, I actually enjoy a bit of a walk. If you complain about this, you're probably a bit overweight and could use the exercise. I'm also going to go out on a limb and say you probably live in the South and vote Republican. . . - Read lots of complaints about CRT televisions, but we got a flatscreen. Not that it matters, how much television are you actually going to watch? There are only so many Carrot Top show ads you can sit through. . . - I would definitely recommend upgrading up one from the lowest room rate to get into the tower. The rooms in the pyramid itself seem to be too close to the casino and could get noisy I'd imagine, especially on the first few floors. . . It's not going to be as nice as the Wynn or Aria, but you get really good value for what you pay for here. If you're stressing the negative reviews, don't. I did the same, but after staying there four nights, I'm happy to report that I had no troubles with the room. In fact, I'm planning on booking there again next time I visit. It's not going to wow you, but between the price, the comfort of the casino and the proximity of other good casinos, it's a very good value.
The Luxor Hotel is RIGHT on the strip, smack dab in the middle of everything you need to see. You have the option to stay in the Pyramid or Tower section. We stayed in the Pyramids and absolutely loved it! Such great deals can be found on the hotel's website for hotel/air fare/show bundles, so it pays to look there first.. . The rooms are so pretty and the beds are so comfy. The shower was sexy, too -- if that's possible.. . Amenities/Boring notes: Guests are required to pay an $10.95 per room per night (subject to change) mandatory service charge. This fee includes daily newspaper delivery, daily bottled water delivery (two bottles daily), daily admission to Nurture Fitness Center (this doesnot include the use of spa facilities such as whirlpool, sauna, etc.), and unlimited local, toll free and domestic long distance phone calls. The service charge will be paid by guests upon check-out.
We stayed at the Luxor a few years ago on my first trip to Vegas. We upgraded to the Player's Club room in the Towers and wouldn't opt for anything less, especially since I don't think they've updated the rooms in the Pyramid yet. Spacious room with a large, gorgeous marble bathroom. No noise complaints, but that's always dependent upon neighbors. Housekeeping was great and we enjoyed ourselves at the pool, . . LOVE the Titanic exhibit. Tried out the buffet a few times (SHRIMP!) Overall I enjoyed the Luxor and would return.
I've always wanted to stay here for two main reasons, their pool and my fascination with Egypt. . . Overall my experience was better than I expected. We got a great rate on the room, being that my boyfriend has a player's card, the week's regular rates on Expedia were over 120 and we payed about 40 bucks per night. They also let us get a second room for almost the same price. . . Best part came when we went to check in and our attendant informed us that when you book your room, one king or two queen selections are just a preference are subject to availability. We were starting to freak out because we had a party of 8 and needed two queens in each room. Our attendant told us they were completely OUT of queens for the night, but after a little humorous conversation he bumped us from the standard two queen room to a Spa Suite Deluxe. . . This was perfect!! Now we had a spa that could fit 4, and an extra room with a couch and love seat and a table with chairs. This made our trip. We had one standard and one deluxe and didn't have to pay the extra $150 for the upgrade. Enough space for all of us to party comfortably before going out. . . I love the theme, their service, and the central location of the Luxor. If we get great deals like this, I'd be more than happy to come back.
I stayed here the last time I'm in Vegas, no complaints!  . . Well, I do have one complaint, the weather! But that has nothing to do with Luxor.  The Luxor was well AC'd and our room was good.  Although our view consists of another rooftop, at least we were able to see the Luxor skylight shining through.. . The pool was nice, the one part I didn't really like was the last pool at the end had some narrow areas, which was kinda annoying.  They had all these body bed things floating around, which I'm sure are hella dirty, but I used them anyway.  I was very tempted to climb up that slide thing they had blocked off.  =X
My 9-year old is big into ancient Egypt, so she really wanted to stay at the Luxor.  Given that it's one of the more affordable hotels on the strip, we stayed there for 3 nights last weekend.  It was overall a good experience.. . We lucked out and got a nice, standard room in the pyramid.  The room was clean, the furniture was in good condition and the beds were comfortable. The room was large enough to be comfortable for our family of 4.  Beware, though, that the beds seem to be doubles and not queens.. . We went to the pool which was adequate though not particularly exciting.  We ate at the Pyramid cafe, which was OK.  The best part of our stay was the ancient Egyptian theme of the hotel, which the kids really enjoyed. I'd say the worst part was the location, too far from the hotels in the central part of the strip.  . . Full (and I do mean full) review at http://marga.voxpublica.org/2011/08/luxor-las-vegas-review/
Pretty nice place to stay. Pool was nice but that might have just been the group I was with. The rooms were decent, kind of your standard room but they didn't smell like smoke which was great. The one thing I didn't really care for was the elevators cause they seems to throw you off balance when they start taking off
Have not stayed at the location but the Luxor has a great amount of entertainment and exhibits! The casino has a lot to offer as well. A handful of shows fun for the whole family and the adult scene with a good 2 shows for 75 bucks deal (expiration pending on Luxor) don't think it deserves a 2 and a half star rating but once again never stayed at the hotel portion.
I stayed at this hotel last weekend, it was a last minute trip and we just kind of booked whatever was available. I honestly expected to be let down a bit because it's not one of the newer hotels but I actually liked this place. We stayed in the west tower, our rooms were nice with a decent view. It's a little far away from the strip, well its on the strip but technically far get me? The food court had a McDonald's there and wellll that's I need to survive the hangovers. I had a good time here.
I actually enjoyed this hotel.. Rooms were good sized in the Pyramid. It was super quiet. . Only wish we were facing north on the Strip not south only to see Mandalay Bay next door. Elevators were a little freaky since they go side ways I think???. . It's a little far from everything since its close to the beginning of the strip but it didn't matter for us because we spent most of our time at Mandalay Bay & New York New York so we had the trams to take between hotels.. . Would definitely stay here again.
Kann mich meinem Vorredner anschlieen, auch ich empfand unsere Suite als etwas in die Jahre gekommen  und vor allem recht duster. Allerdings war sie wirklich schon gro, auch wir hatten einen Whirlpool im Schlafzimmer, das Bett war auerst bequem.. Wir hatten online gebucht und alles hat reibungslos geklappt, das Hotelpersonal war sehr freundlich. Was ich auch sehr empfehlen kann, sind die Buffets  zu einem wirklich akzeptablen Preis kann man hier buchstablich schlemmen, bis man umfallt.. Ansonsten gibt's sicher auf dem Las Vegas Strip inzwischen andere Hotels, die weitaus spektakularer sind, aber nichtsdestrotrotz war es ein angenehmer Aufenthalt, und auch wenn das Hotel am Ende des Strips liegt, kommt man doch relativ schnell uberall hin.
I love the Luxor.  It is not too extortionately expensive compared to many of the hotels on the strip, so we always upgrade to the Jacuzzi suite (sweet!) in the Pyramid.  These rooms are quite spacious, and you can't beat a little late night jacuzzi overlooking the strip after a hard night of partying..... . There were a few problems with the room - there was  cup of left over couscous in the fridge, and a coffee cup sat in the hallway for 2 days without being cleared away, but it certainly was not filthy as some of the other reviews imply.  . . The casino itself actually feels more open, less oppressive and quieter than some of the other hotels nearby.  The bars are great - nothing flash or fancy but a great place to sit and grab a drink.  The tables are not expensive, and the staff are friendly.  They used to have camel racing, but sadly that was taken away - apparently there is not a a huge demand for spare miniature camel parts or something.... . Maybe the best part of staying at the Luxor is its close proximity to Mandalay Bay, New York New York, and MGM, which are, in my opinion, 3 of the best hotels on the strip to eat and drink at....
OK so i stayed in the pyramid spa suite. I have to say it was pretty nice. When we arrived very very clean. No issues with the room, or room service at all. Maid did not touch our luggage or personal belongings. She made the bed and cleaned the tub and left. She also left us extra towels and toiletries without us even asking. . . The service at the front desk was OK. no issues but nothing to brag about either. Very nice.. . The restaurants were good. We ate at tacos and tequila and it was very Delicious. We also ate at the buffet and the pyramid cafe. Both were about average. Nothing extravagant. Very fairly priced. We did eat at TENDER as well. A+ best steak Ive ever had, and sides were Delicious. For two of us to eat it was $200, but worth the price.. . The last day of our visit we got a massage at the Nuture Spa and Salon. The lady who worked the front counter was rude. She was not nice and did not make you feel welcome. Once back in the spa it was beautiful. The lady at that desk was so nice and very helpful!! She makes you feel very welcome. My massage was awesome. After I explored. They had a jacuzzi, steam rooms, shower, and a place to fix up your hair and makeup. They also have complimentary drinks and snacks with a TV and couch. Wish I spent more time there.. . Over all I would def stay here again.
The Luxor hotel is a very nice hotel. Upon check in, I was upgraded to a tower suite and ENJOYED the room. The only thing I do not like is the very long walk to the east tower, going through all these hallways and turns. I walked so much just from the lobby to my room, that alone felt like a mile.. . Overall the hotel was very nice and just like others they have the pros and cons. Each person I am sure will have different reviews.
Why is the Luxor tan? I thought it was black? Did they cover it with a tan cloth or something? No, it was just the reflection of the desert sky or something at sunset. So weird! They next morning when I looked out the window, it was black again. Magic. We got a nice room especially for the price. If you come on a Sunday and stay through like a Saturday or something then you only pay for one expensive weekend night and get the better price weekday deals. This was a convenient place to stay on the far end of the strip and close to the Rock n Roll marathon. There is a walk way through to Mandalay Bay and then another one to Excaliber so you never have to put on a jacket in the winter time or go outside to get to the other hotels. Just remember that you're going to walk to just get out of the hotel so a walk down to the Bellagio, Venetian or even the Mirage can be several miles or more. I like the Pyramid. If you're coming out for the Rock n Roll marathon next year and it's still at night, plan on eating ahead of time... restaurants aren't open here after 11pm.
The Luxor is what it is, it may not be the pimped out hotel like the newer hotels but since they spruced up the rooms a bit and the rates are'nt that bad I dont mind staying there. Theonly real annoyance is the resort fees....15$ p/night is dumb for services that dont make a difference.
I actually enjoyed my stay at the Luxor. The staff was very courteous and attentive. I didn't like the layout of the hotel which I only became familiar with towards the end of my stay. EVERYTHING is expensive, but hey you visit Vegas knowing you will spend a lot if you plan on seeing any shows. Oh and for all of the bars that are open you would think there would be more restaurants open, but NOPE. You have to pick between McDonald's or drinking another shot to put you asleep. It's pretty sad... ANYWAYS I digress, this review is about my experience with the Luxor and not Vegas as a whole. It's clean, safe and fun. I loved how they stayed true to their theme unlike some other hotels. Sadly I'll never be going back to Vegas, but if I did in another lifetime I wouldn't mind staying here again.
My BF and I stayed here for the first time on our recent trip this past August; and after reading some of the reviews, I was kind of worried about our trip ~ you know what they say: "Happy Faye, happy stay!!". Or maybe it's just me that says it.  Luckily, we had a really good stay the week we were there!. . Our flight arrived at about 12:30 in the morning, so we were very tired and cranky when we got to the hotel.  The line to check in wasn't very long, but it moved so slowly - which made us more unhappy the longer we waited.  When it was finally our turn, the lady who was helping us was surprisingly friendly and upbeat!  We were even upgraded from their Pyramid Room to a "Player Deluxe Room"...for free!  Even though, my BF was really looking forward to riding in their pyramid elevator (or whatever they call it) - I knew that the upgraded room would be much better!!. . It was a bit of a journey to get to our room, but well worth it!  Our room was nice and spacious, with modern furniture - we even had a mini-fridge and coffee maker!  OMG there was also a separate shower and jet tub (perfect for soaking in after a long day of walking around and being a tourist!).. . The staff we interacted with were all very friendly - from housekeeping to bartenders, waitresses, table dealers, and restaurant staff!. . I also liked that both the Excalibur and Mandalay Bay are connected to the hotel by enclosed walkways, especially since we were there in hot hot August!  But we also used the walkways a lot - to get to the shops at Mandalay Place, the Shark Reef & STRIPSTEAK at Mandalay Bay and also from the Luxor to the Excalibur to get to the New York New York Hotel & Casino!. . Even though the hotel is located at the far end of the strip, I really enjoyed our stay here and wouldn't mind staying again - as long as we get another free upgrade!
Very Cool! The price was the best part! Military Discount was a plus! It wasn't smokey at all in the rooms and not so much in the casino either.  The staff was really nice and the express check out made it easy.  I love the Titanic Expedition! It was amazing and it is breath taking.  I also got a chance to view the Fantasy show (which also has a military discount of 50% of) So Entertaining and even has a surprise guest ;) I would recommend it for the ladies and males.  We also had the best view of the city and strip from the side we were located on.  The elevator is a litlle scary you have to get used to sliding to the right/left first and then it slants but its neat.  Overall, for the price and exotic atmosphere It was a great stay! Their Room service was quick and good as well.  I ordered: The Club sandwhich with Fries for about 20.00 bucks it was the best 20.00 I spent that night  ;)
The room is pretty nice and clean - can't find anything wrong with it. Love the architecture as well.
We stayed at the Luxor for 5 days, 4 nights in December. While reading other reviews I was a tad worried that our rooms would be awful.  Other then that I had no major worries. Check-in process was insane. There were so many people trying to check-in and out that you could not tell which line went where. Also there were many Luxor employees "hanging" around the registration area that did nothing to let guest know where to go. Once we found the line it was not that bad of a wait because they opened up more check-in stations.. . We were in the Pyramid and were told how to get to our room which was pretty easy. My only complaint was that it was on the other side of the casino but that is nothing major. I was pleasantly surprised when I entered our room to see modern and updated furniture as well as a brand new TV. My only concern with where the room was that we would hear a lot of noise from the casino below but we heard nothing our entire stay.. . As for the casino it is just like all the others I have ever been too. My biggest complaint of all the casino is Vegas are that they allow smoking which is disgusting and make it unbearable to gamble in the evenings. During the day and early afternoon I was fine but once the early evening and late night hit I could not stand to be anywhere near a casino.. . Food was rather lacking in my opinion but they do offer an array of fast food and casual dining plus two Starbucks. It was not that big of a deal to us because we went to Mandalay Bay and New York, New York for dinner the entire trip and that was connected by walkways. I just wish they had a few more options for breakfast other then Mcdonalds,Starbucks, and the Pyramid Cafe.. . There were about three shops in the Luxor so just go next door to Mandalay or down to City Center or Planet Hollywood to get your shopping fix. As for entertainment the Luxor has Criss Angel's Believe, Carrot Top, Fantasy, and Menopause the Musical. We saw Criss Angel and I was not impressed. Compared to the other hotels on the strip Luxor needs to think about getting some more or different shows. We did not try any of the bars or lounges at Luxor as we went elsewhere since most were closed on Monday and Tuesdays.. . Check-out was a breeze since we put the daily resort fee on a credit card. We just used the express check-out located by the bank of elevators or the main desk to return our keys which avoided the long check-out line.. . Overall this was a great hotel and even better deal for six people. I would not hesitate to stay again.
It was perfectly fine. 3rd hotel I have tried in Vegas.  . . The room was tidy but you would want to use rubber gloves to handle the dust covers on the bed. Must have been a guy who had the room before us...Beds were soft and cushy! . . We checked in 3 hours earlier than we were supposed to and they had no problem with it even though most hotels were booked solid (close to new years). Checking out was fine as well.  Only annoying thing was trying to book a rollaway bed for a friend who was staying in my room.  Asked during check in, and called 3 different times to confirm it was being brought up. They kept transferring me to different people and claiming it wasnt on my reservation. . . The casino was the cheapest in the area and we tried a few! The buffet was crap but very cheap if you paid for an all you can eat all day pass for 30 bucks. You also had access to the Excalibur buffet with this deal so we tried both.  Food is food, we cared more about the quality of our drinks! . . Not a lot to do inside the hotel other than A female review, Carrot Top, and Criss Angel. We went over the Excalibur and MGM for shows, which were just across the street. . . The taco restaurant was yummy and I really want to try Dick's Last Resort if I ever find one again. . . . . All in all, I had a good stay at the Luxor and would recommend it!
I stayed here in march with a couple buddy's, it was our first time in Vegas and we thought the pyramid would be cool to stay at.  None of us had ever been in a hotel this big before, it is huge.   Check in was a breeze, the elevators feel a little weird but not that noticeable to me at least.  We had a basic room in the pyramid, and we were all very pleased with it.  It was very clean, a little outdated ours had an old tv and a cable for Internet.  The room was also a little dark no big deal though we only used it to sleep.   The hotel itself I thought was nice, does have a funny smell, but you get used to it.  Casino was very big, and we all won some money on the slots here.  The only bar we visited was Liquidity in the middle of the casino and got great drinks/service there.  The only place we ate here was the buffet, which we all thought wasn't very good for the price, I'd only eat there again if it were free.   If you are new to Vegas and want a low price place to stay that is pretty nice I'd recommend this hotel it was a neat experience.
I noticed a lot of people were saying it took forever to check-in. My boyfriend and I got there around 2pm on a Friday and it was crowded...we checked in 30min or less! We didn't stay in the pyramid, we stayed in the tower. I would say the tower suites aren't worth the price! We realized we should have just stayed in a regular room. Overall, we enjoyed our stay there...would stay there again!
Our first time in Vegas, April of 2011. Best flight and hotel combo deal is why we chose the Luxor. What better way is there to gain an authentic experience by staying in the Pyramid? The angled exterior wall added to the quirky lure that is LV. Our room was clean, and the amenities nice. Check in was quick and easy, we arrived on a Thursday afternoon and departed on Sunday evening. I am not familiar with the peak days or times, but there was no line for check in, and check out was pretty busy yet efficient and problem free. They even checked our baggage for free for the few hours between check out and our flight later that evening so we could go and shop, gamble, eat, and log in a few more Elvis sightings. The staff at the desk very friendly, and helpful..    The pool area is very clean and lovely - seating was a commodity so go stake your claim before lunch! Bar waitresses regularly checked in on everyone..    Buffet was amazing, and good! Not like Bob's Big Boy food. I tried a little bit of everything of course, and was not disappointed by any of it!. . Having wandered through many of the other hotel's gaming floors, I have to say I liked the Lux's the best! It was not as bright and flashy as the others - it was just as busy, but still felt more intimate and less distracting overall. Being just close enough to the action to walk everywhere, but not right in the middle of the chaos that is "The Strip" was a definite plus! . . I highly recommend this as a first timer's stay to get your feet wet, and for the return tripper as well. Be prepared, yes there is a resort fee added when you get there, but that is standard when one books hotels at online bargain sites - they don't add that to your total price, and it is called Occupancy Fee at other places. I have found this staying around Pittsburgh, Roswell, NJ, etc. Don't fault the hotel(s) for that.. Car rental was easy at the desk also.. . We had internet in our room, but it was plug in only - across the room from the desk. Wierd. Hope they update this! Free WiFi for hotel guests would get 5 stars from me!
Review for my stay in Aug 2011.. Stayed here for my first time in Vegas. I must say I had a good experience here. We checked in about 1 in the morn and only waited 15 mins with a free upgrade. I was gonna try the sandwich trick where u slide a 20 between your cc and id and ask for a comp upgrade, but before I could ask the lady gave it to us :) I kept my 20 lol . We got a players king deluxe room in the east tower. We wanted to stay in the pyramid but can't complain. Our upgrade came with a cal king bed, love seat, and a jetted bath tub. It did smell like weed at first but didn't bother us. Hmmm maybe that's why we were always hungry lol. . For less than 100 bucks a night including taxes and fees we got a great room, and if the gf was ok with it. PERFECT :). All in all I enjoyed the Luxor and would stay in here again. Maybe try the inclinator elevator next time which we didn't get to sample :(
This is based solely on the Titanic exhibit. Very cool. Lots of actual artifacts from the ship and persona on the ship. Even a huge piece of the ship if the ship which they own for 10 years before it is moved.  Good history lesson and cool replicas of how the ship was that you can walk through including the grand stair case.
The Pyramid King Delux room was what I expected; large, clean with a FANTASTICALLY sinful sized shower. The shower made it. It was a bit warm but not too horrible. The non-smoking room was just that. Didn't smell like the rest of the casino so that was pleasant. My room was placed the furthest away from the elevators so it was quite a hike. That wasn't fun. Concierge was helpful and polite. This isn't the MGM, but it's a decent hotel that's worth the stay. Plus, GREAT PRICE during the week.
Niiiccceeeee .... room was cozy and the bed was amazing!
Rented 3 rooms here for a bachelor party.  Rooms are decent size and the price is right.  Located on a good section of the strip.  Did not spend much time at the room or the casino, but transportation to and from the hotel was speedy.
This was our first time in Vegas and we weren't disappointed with the Luxor. It's certainly not this nicest hotel on the strip, but it has everything you need. The casino is large, there's a decent steakhouse, good tacos, interesting exhibits. The room had a flat screen and a very nice bathroom, however the rest of the room wasn't very impressive. I didn't feel cheated by staying at the Luxor and the price per night was very appealing. Beware of the hotel greeters that are ALL over the hotel offering "free gifts". They become very, very annoying.
We checked in to the Luxor after a horrible stay at the Rio the night before.  This place was wonderful.  The staff was very friendly and customer service was great.  The place was clean, open and ventilation in the casino was very good!  Being a non smoker, this is huge in my book.  Our room was really nice,  and modern with all the amenities. (we were in the east tower)  Overall,  we really enjoyed our stay and will stay again!    Thank you Luxor for turning our vacation that started so poorly at the Rio into a beautiful weekend!
Free room upgrade and although not a great view, the room was very nice! I can't complain about much. The bed was big, the bathroom had a huge shower & nice bathtub, and it was an altogether cozy & clean experience! The pool gets pretty busy on a nice day. I didn't get a chance to check out the fitness center, but there is one! If there is ever another good deal at this Hotel, I would stay here again. The casino is also quite nice. It's one of the more lower stakes casinos and always has cocktail waitresses!. . Just not the best location. It's at the very south end of the strip, so everywhere is sort of a walk or a taxi ride.
Check out Bodies and Titanic exhibits!!!  It's part of the 3 attractions for $56.00.  It 's worth to do if you want to kill time and not kill your wallet with gambling.  You learn interesting facts about your body and what really happened to the Titanic ship.  There is a live replica of the iceberg that the ship hit inside.  It's very cold.  You can not take any pictures in these exhibits.  My mom, sis, and I enjoyed the exhibits and our time there.  The Luxor was the very 1st hotel I stayed in Vegas.
I stayed here on a recent trip to Vegas and would certainly stay here again.. . The check-in line was a mile long.  Even so, within 20 minutes we got the key cards to our hotel room and even received a complimentary upgrade.. . We stayed in a tower room.  The room and bathroom looked new and were clean and spacious.  I liked our room, even though we felt a bit removed from the main hotel.. . The main downfall of the hotel was the food selection; the buffet was probably the worst I've ever tried in Vegas.. . One of my other complaints is that housekeeping was about to walk into our room despite us having the "do not disturb" sign on our door.  We had been getting ready, so I am not sure they would have walked in had we not said something.  Is this policy to knock anyway?. . Despite a couple of negatives, I still give this hotel four stars.  The hotel is a pretty good value for those looking to stay at a nice Vegas hotel, but pay the price of a low standard hotel.
Never stayed here, but I did come here to visit my girls' room and it was aight. I thought the elevator was going to stop working at any point, because it was super shakey..scary. Anyways this review is for the casino. Apparently I was hella faded and thought I was feeling lucky and I guess luck was with me, because I walked out of there $800 bucks richer off the craps table. Anyways, I definitely need to come back to those craps tables next time I'm in Vegas.
Stayed Here Twice Love It...
My favorite hotel when I stay in my favorite city . I don't need to spend $400-$500 bucks a night for comfort. Luxor is clean and comfy. I like the atmosphere, pool, gym, spa, and More The Buffet. The sushi restaurant inside is also pretty good. So are the two clubs LAX and the Catwalk. I'm a fan of Jersey Shore and have seen both Snooki & The Situation at LAX lol.. . Luxor is also connected to Mandalay Bay so  as you walk through there are some cool little boutiques wth shoes, clothes, and unique souvenirs. Love.
My husband and I stayed here in February 2012 for USA Sevens. We picked it because it was on the strip and was better priced and looked the cleanest then the other hotels. We stayed in the East tower , which I do recommend staying at because it's the newest part of the Luxor and the cleanest. The ONLY thing we really couldn't stand was how far the parking lot is to the tower. Between going through the entire casino, bars, and the whole pyramid to the other side it was horrible after a 9 hour drive with a bunch of luggage! The room it self was really nice, the desk chair was a bit dirty . But all in all we would stay there again. The Luxor buffet was the best one we've been to compared to a few others on the strip. It was clean and had great options for breakfast.
We did not stay in the hotel, so this review is based off the Casino floor. . . Lots of cigarette smoke, I know its Vegas, but at our hotel (Aria) they seemed to do  a lot to keep the smell down. Luxor did not. Overall it was a decent experience on the casino floor, but not a single drink in an hour and a half there. Would I go again? Probably. Would I expect much, not at all.
This place was not that bad and not that great. My biggest complaint was the 2nd hand coming through the vents of my bathroom. And at one point there was weed. I didn't mind it, but my Fiance was pissed off. The room is decent and clean. Overall with the room I was pleased.. We were only there to sleep anyways, how special does my room have to look?? I had a view of the parking lot but I also saw the pool so its fine. Also, most importantly was the beautiful sunrise I woke up to every morning, and the beautiful lights i saw before I went to sleep.. . Parking was hell because there's only 2 floors..  its a long chilly walk from parking lot to the casino...The elevator was annoying because every time we go up.. I tilt sideways... hmm poor sense of balance.. but still, the elevators aren't straight.. . If you don't know, there is easy access to your room.. you don't need to cut through the casino to get to your room. After parking, before you go down the stairs to the casino area, there are rooms on your right or left hand side. Just walk straight down there and go around the corner to get to the elevator. Had we known this earlier, we wouldn't need to cut through the casino in my wet bikini.. . I'd stay here again, I don't mind. Too bad it was too cold for the pool... only jumped in once. This place is def better than Circus Circus & Excalibur. Also this was so convenient to all the shows i wanted to watch: Fantasy & Criss Angel. I wanted carrot top but wth he was on vacation the week I came :'[. . Also bumped into the comedian from Fantasy in the casino.. HE IS AWESOME! . . FANTASY beats PEEPSHOW! more boobs & more laughs!!!!!!!!! Fantasy was sold out, while Peepshow had many empty seats... You only get glimpses of boobs for a few seconds. Fantasy is HOT! WOOOOOOOO. . p.s. just make sure you rent a car when you're in vegas... very convenient!
Great rate, clean room, helpful staff.   Good deal. . Only issue is- like the Mandalay, MGM, and Excalibur, it's toward the end of the strip.   So it's always a walk, cab ride, or taxi ride to other parts of the strip.
The review is for the nightlife there. I love that you can take the monorail from hotel to hotel.. . Also, we went to the Cat House and my friend and I got in free and got free drinks till midnight. We went on a Wednesday for "Wonderland Wednesdays". Get your drinks from the male bartenders because the girls give very little!
My husband and I had our wedding reception in the Egyptian Ballroom E,F,G,H and it was by far the BEST space of all the hotels we looked at. Trude, the wedding coordinator, is also helpful and responsive.  Our reception was beyond beautiful and there was A TON of space for our 150+ guests.  I'd highly recommend anyone to have their reception here!. . Luxor loses a star because their rooms aren't really the most attractive, but they're comfortable.
My wife and I stayed at The Luxor in March.  It was my wife's first time and she loved the luxor!  We were upgraded to a tower room, which was very nice!  We mainly stayed around the luxor our whole trip.  . . I only have a few complaints.. First, we had a "problem" with our/my credit card/debit card.  They called and said we needed to fix it by 5pm.  It was odd, because I had gotten paid the day before and I knew we had plenty in our account!  We waited 20 minutes in the MLIFE line to have our problem fixed..AND all i did was use my wife's card, SAME account, different card!  (And it wasn't my card that was the problem, we used it at starbucks and all over the place the whole trip...) my only problem, because i know electronics can be weird and we were spending a lot so maybe my CC company was like, hey, is your credit card stolen?  so they wouldnt let a large purchase like the hotel stay go through, but really?! 20 minutes to fix a problem!? in the "valued guest" line.. a bit much, especially when there are employees standing behind the front desk chatting..... . Second was the cocktail staff, or lack there of.  We would have stayed mainly in the Luxor had we been able to get drinks!  We played craps for about 35 minutes, no servers at all... So we left and went to the MGM, still the same lack of service for awhile, but eventually we got some drinks and ended up staying there for hours... Luxor, you need more cocktail staff..
Came here for a relative's wedding a few years back and really enjoyed myself.. . The ceremony itself was small, intimate and private (very comfortable). There was hardly any noise at all. . . and the following reception at the buffet was very nice. . . I had to leave the same day and was unable to stay at the hotel, but if I get married someday I hope its here!!
We stayed here for our first trip to Vegas last year. I really wasn't sure what to expect and had gotten mixed reviews from friends and sites. However, I must admit that I was pleasantly surprised. People make remarks about it being old but you really can't tell. Our room was large and spacious with nothing wrong. There is plenty to see and do, although the casino is a bit boring. Overall, if you're on a budget, it's a great place to say. Keep in mind that it is at the end of the strip, but we love to walk and found it to be an exciting walk to the main part of the strip..after all, people-watching is one of the best things to do in Vegas. . . I recommend. Don't let other reviews fool you. You will be pleased unless looking for a top notch, luxurious experience. I'd definitely go back.
I love making my semi annual trips to Vegas and staying here. It isn't the highest end place to stay on the strip. But I found it worth the money for what you get. I love the pool here and have really liked the service. This last trip we were fortunate enough to come on a Wednesday. They weren't super booked and were able to give us a free upgrade to tower room. And I was very happy with the room. Almost the top floor with a great view of the strip. I will shell out the extra money to make sure I stay in the main tower again.
The Luxor was one of the best hotels ive been too, ive never been to the rooms that are in the pyramid, I always stayed in the other part of the luxor where its just a big black building. Ive walked to the pyramid rooms though and went inside and it was sorta crammed but everything else was cool.
Just walked through and went to the diner. Great Reuben sandwiches. Jerry had the prime rib sandwich.
So, we stayed at the Luxor last weekend for the Memorial Weekend.  . . I did lots of research on this hotel and was prepared for it to be ok, but not that nice.  I was pleasantly surprised!. I had a fine time.  The room was updated and clean.  The hotel was nice, the spa was great and the pool was fun.. I really do not know what people are complaining about.  There was nothing that was really that run down or dirty.. My only real complaint was the very thin walls!  Our neighbor brought a young lady home...that woke me up!  Oh well,he is on vacation and deserves a little fun.  But the 6 hour fight afterwards, kinda sucked.. We called security twice and they came up to confront him in a timely manner.  So that was good.. . All in all, I would come back to this place in a second.  It is not the Wynn, but I am also not paying $400 a night.  The price is good and the service is fine.. Very Happy with my experience!
Stayed here with my parents last fall and I loved it! This was my mom's first time to Vegas in over thirty years and my stepdad's first time ever so we got a nice pyramid room. . . I was shocked when we first got into the rooms. The design team did a great job, plus they were gigantic. Beautiful, roomy showers too. . . I loved the food and the layout and especially the Titanic exhibition. Would definitely recommend (especially for the price) and would definitely stay here again.
Wow. I am absolutely floored by all the hate this place is getting. This is the main hotel-casino I have stayed at when I come to Vegas. Never had an issue. I've come and stayed about 4 separate occasions. No issues to note.  I am not high maintenance, so maybe some people here rating so low need to just relax a bit... Just saying. . . As for Luxor, they provide unbeatable rates for me since I am comped in their M-Life program. I am not a high roller, nor do I gamble. But despite this, they still give me amazing rates with the free membership. Now, please enjoy my  frugal, money-conscious side as it kicks in.  Why on Earth would you spend hundreds of dollars per night for a room when you can get a solid quality room for a fraction of the price....One that you rarely stay in while in Vegas. That's all I have to say, because there are quality rooms here at the Luxor for quality rates, you just have to do your research. If you are lazy, you will overspend each time you step out of your room in Vegas.. . The M-Life program spans many hotels other than Luxor, so its a great program to enjoy. It reaches multiple properties, and they share different rate options which will save a lot of green in the end. I use it for everything, and it makes my stays here at the Luxor great. Many things inside are solid, not flashy. Like the buffet downstairs. It doesn't blow you away, but it delivers. Its on par with most of the nicer resort buffets you could go to in town considering price, etc.. Also, the parking is not too far away, so I simply can park and go as I please, even if I am at the end of the strip. Oddly enough, the inside smells of coconut, does anyone else notice this? I love it, and I have no idea why....Its just a little nuance they have, and its awesome.. . Its a give/take when it comes to exhibits and shows. That has been, and will continue to be the major downfall for the Luxor. The shows here are not great, so that's a major hit to their rating on my end. Carrot Top, he's lame. And I hate magic, its not magic. Inception. Sploosh. And a Menopause musical? REALLY?!?! The only saving grace for entertainment are the exhibits. They are amazing. The Titanic exhibit is a must see, it doesn't matter where you are staying, you must go. Bodies is also a great snag for them to have for the next few years. Very interesting, and makes you think before you go smoking while out on the casino floor. So within reason, these both balance out their ratings to a point. I am not a gambler, so unless I get free points I rarely gamble. Therefore its a wash, haha.. . Maybe some people should take advantage of those rates and re-rate Luxor. I think they would see the advantages of giving a place a second chance. Although there are many many better options for entertainment down the strip, this place delivers quality, not pizazz or flash with high prices. Come here to stay, have some awesome alcoholic smoothies, and gamble a bit... It gets 4 stars because I never have been screwed with once here, although given the entertainment downsides I'd say its more representative of a 3 /12.... Either way, I plan on coming here each time, and saving money as I do.
I stayed at the Luxor and I had a really GOOD TIME! (reminiscing....sighh). Yeah, this isn't one of the high class hotels. It's at the end of the strip and the lobby yeah it kinda smells funky. But HECK I had a blast. . . The rooms are super cool, being that the building is a full on pyramid the actual walls in your room are slanted! Nice little touch.. The suites have the tubs right next to your bed, not in the restroom which is normally what I am used to. I really digged that. . . Their pool area is OK def. more family oriented. . . They have a lounge downstairs called Cathouse, (confused it for a club go figure its vegas..shit things happens) and LAX but it was closed the Monday I was there. WOMP. . . For the price that you pay, this isn't a bad hotel. . . OOH FYI.. the elevators go 100 MPH here, seriously brace yourself.
One of those places you want to stay at/visit for the sheer gimmicky feel of it all.. . If you haven't noticed by the fact that its a pyramid and the Sphinx outside, this place has an Egyptian feel to it.. . This place has plenty to do here (besides gambling) and whats cool is that its connected by other Casinos/Hotels in case you DO get bored.. . You come to Vegas for the buildings feeling larger than life and weird/unique. This is no exception.
I'm not sure why the reviews on here are so negative. Some people are really hard to please. Wow. Nobody said this was suppose to compete with a 5 star hotel like Wynn or Bellagio. I think for the price you get great value for a 4 star hotel. I got a killer rate through my airline as all inclusive that was a no-brainer. Checked other 4 star hotels and they were at least $100 or $200 more a night for two queens. Rooms were clean, lots of entertainment options inside, casino is nice and spacious, cool tunnel link to Mandalay Bay, cool Titanic display, breakfast buffet was nice and quiet after being hung over the next morning, taxis right at the door to anywhere you want to go. Only negative was the hot water took a little while to kick in. So what if the elevator squeaked? You're going up at a 39 degree angle!
i have to break with my peers and say Luxor was pretty cool. while i can understand why some don't like it, i can say i really enjoyed it. some points of interest: . . * we got an AWESOME rate booking with the EDC groups. and when i say, awesome, i mean A-W-E-S-O-M-E! almost 50% off anywhere else. PLUS, this was a fight night (the night PacMan was robbed), and there were a couple of high profile conventions too. . . * the layout, although different having an open atrium thingy, was not too difficult to traverse. after a couple trips, i knew my way around.. . * the pools were cool. not too hard to find seats out there on a saturday afternoon. the cocktailetresses were on top of things. music wasn't bad.. . * check in was originally slated for 3p. we got in at 10a. after checking back at 11a, we got a room. sweet. . . * the room was clean, on a floor i requested and the view was of the pool. i didn't even have to drop a tip to the front desk. the bathrooms were very impressive. not like what others have mentioned. plenty of stainless towels and functioning toilet/shower. . . * beds were comfy, plenty of seating and writing space. we had a flat screen and lots of storage. . . other than the location being at the far south end of the Strip (hence no 5th star) and a weird gravitationally non-compliant elevator, absolutley NO quams on this hotel. and the drink coupons i put to use right after i got the bags down in the room. all 4 of them! we may consider coming back here.
I stayed here for 5 nights recently and I loved it.  The hotel theme is really cool and I have always a big fan of egyptian art.  We got to stay in the Pyramid. We also had a view of the awesome looking lobby from our hallway. The only downside is the elevators which are shaky and ride on a small slant. It's not a deal breaker but it wasn't always pleasant. I'd still go there again despite that.  The rooms are decent, good sized and clean.  They don't have all the amenities (coffee maker, fridge, etc). but they were still nice and the maids cleaned it nicely every day.  We saw the Carrot Top show while were were there which was hilarious and the Titanic Exhibit which was really cool. Our room was also not a far trek from the pool and it was nice to look at the Pyramid from the pool.  The hotel connects to the Excalibur and Mandalay Bay hotels without having to go outside.  There were also a lot of restaurant choices and they have a really good buffet deal.  I would go back again if i could but i'd probably want to try out other hotels there just to get new experiences.  I'd definitely recommend it to someone whose never been there.
I guess for the price you are paying, you are definitely getting a GREAT deal and the ned is dam comfy.. The other great thing about this hotel is that those time share dudes aren't too far away to invite you to there presentation which in turn gives you a ton of free stuff.. Only thing is that it is still a little too far from the main part of the strip and they were charging $30 a day for a fridge, and that damn resort fee..(I still don't get what I paid for). I'll stay here again if the deal is right.
Well, I only stayed at The Luxor for one night. So, I didn't really have what you would say "a lot of time to spend there." But let me tell you, that one night was GREAT! Before I stayed here, I read the reviews here on Yelp and there were SO MANY bad reviews that I was deathly afraid to stay here. I think I know why there is bad reviews. Let me explain my story.. . GOOD PARTS: . . So, I checked in at around 1-1:30 pm. There was a little wait. Possibly 10-15 minutes. I think this was a GREAT time to check in because I went back down to the lobby the next 2 hours and there was a HUGE line. So, I suggest if you can, coming in at around the time I did. The line moved fast, checking in was perfect and everything went well.. . GET A ROOM IN THE TOWERS. All of the bad reviews come from staying in the Pyramid rooms. The reason why is because the Pyramid rooms are not renovated, old, gross. Even though The Towers are not exactly in the big Luxor (they are right next door), IT IS WORTH IT. My room was clean, there was a walk in shower, big, spacious, PERFECT. . . The lobby, room, hotel overall was very CLEAN.. . SO MUCH TO SEE. Take a lot of pictures. It's pretty amazing when you walk in. . . BAD PARTS:. So, in the room, when I went to turn on the TV, the remote wasn't working. The TV worked, but not the remote. My guess is that there were dead batteries...? Anyways, I call the front desk and tell them my remote isn't working. So, a guy comes up in the next 15 minutes and gives us a remote. Turns out, that remote didn't work EITHER! He's standing in the doorway so I tell him, then he goes "Ok, we'll get you a new one." Well, we leave the room. 2 hours later, there's a new remote sitting on the bed. We go to check it. IT DOESN'T WORK. They never came back to check or anything. So overall, a remote isn't a BIG deal, but I still think they should have fixed it. It was a very minor problem.. . There were a lot of people working at the Luxor coming up to you and asking, "Are you staying here for another night?" "Do you want free tickets?" "I have some free tickets for this show. Come over here, etc.." See, now I'm 17 and this is only my 2nd time to Vegas, so I don't really know if people in other hotels do this. It did get a little annoying, but whatever you do, if you here people are giving away free tickets, DON'T TAKE THEM. I've heard of people doing that and getting a totally different thing then what was expected which gives this hotel bad reviews. So, if people are coming up to you, just say no and walk away.. . The shower pressure could have been better (I'm a little picky with shower pressures. I like A LOT of pressure).. . The bed to me was a little too soft for my taste. I kind of sinked in when I sat in it.. . The lobby was very noisy but I mean, what do you expect? It's Las Vegas. (Again, little picky things.). ------------------. OVERALL:. Very good stay. The reason it gets 4 out of 5 stars is because of what happened with that remote situation and just little picky things here and there. It does have some things to work on, but listen to my advice and don't pass this hotel up! It's really a big, beautiful hotel. TRUST ME!
My husband and I have stayed at this hotel a couple times and it definitely isn't as nice as some of the other ones but well worth the price you pay. I typically get the $40/night rate by signing up for email offers and you just can't beat it. We've always had a clean room and friendly staff. I definitely recommend eating at their all day buffet for $35/person. The food is pretty good and as long as you eat there for each meal (and then some if you're like us) it will definitely pay for itself. The reason for not giving this all of the stars is we were constantly hassled to listen to a timeshare to see a free show. Also, one of the elevators was broken so that was a pain. Oh and stay in one of the pyramid rooms, the elevators go sideways. :)
I don't know what all of the bad reviews of this place are about, probably from priceline/travelocity leeches that got crappy rooms because they wanted to low ball the hotel rates.. but this place isn't that bad.  We had a Luxury Spa Suite on the 30th floor, and although they are no longer running 'Jets' on the Spa.. . . The room was pretty comfortable, albeit smaller than expected, and the bed was pretty comfy.  The lighting is relatively dark, but not too bad, but OMG the view that we had of Mandalay Bay and the valley behind it was absolutely stunning.  The staff wasn't rude like most reviewers say they are.  We were checked in relatively quick, and when I had a concern that I brought to the M-Life desk, which was the wrong desk by the way, the guy was nice enough to help me anyways.   The elevators are scary.. but in a fun way.  I loved how one of them kept opening on the 29th floor for no reason what so ever.. maybe a ghost?. . The pool was fun, live DJs, plenty of sitting space to lounge out on the chairs, the pools were only 3 feet deep which I think is stupid, but I guess they're looking out for lawsuits or drownings.. but cmon... 3 feet deep?  Why even have life guards, who the heck is going to drown in those pools?  Midgets?  . . The pool bar was cool, the guy at the pool bar got me the bucket-o-beer and was telling me some funny stuff about the week prior when they had the flash flood how everyone went flying out of the pool and back into the building the second 3 rain drops hit the floor.. . The gaming area is definitely laid out cool, and the tables are right near the front of the casino instead of waaaay in the back surrounded by freaking slot machines, and I like that.   What I didn't like about the gaming area is that you have more of a chance of winning the lottery than making even .50 cents at this casino.  Their payouts sucked the big one, just take my word on that one.. . All in all, it was a fun trip and the Luxor is a place you should stay if you get a middle to higher end room.  Would I return?  Sure... just not any time soon... Next time its the Bellagio or something a little more classy.
I've been going to Vegas almost 20 years now, and the very first trip I stayed at the Luxor.  I've since stayed at about 10 other hotel/casinos, but the last 2 years I keep going back to the Luxor.  Part of it is I now get free rooms, that keeps me coming back.. . Ultimately its not as exciting as some of the newer, nicer hotels.  I think the gimmicky aspect will date it severely in the next few years.  The new trend is just upscale, nice, and not themed (like Aria, etc.).  . . Still, I enjoy staying here.  They treat me well, there's plenty of dining options both in the Luxor or within a quick walk either towards Excalibur or Mandalay.  I drive to Vegas from Phoenix, so its easy for me to get around.  I can see how the Luxor would be inconvenient if you didn't have a vehicle and didn't want to spend a fortune on cabs either.  . . None the less, I'll still keep going back.  I'm one of those people who doesn't want to totally slum it, but I'm not looking to spend all my funds on the hotel room when I'm barely in it.  Luxor will keep me coming back at least for the next year at a minimum.
I came here for by buddy's bachelor party. The rooms were nice, beds were comfortable, shower had nice tile surrounds, but the shower head seemed like a builder's special (nothing special about it). The front desk staff seemed attentive. The biggest downside is the pool area. It was very ordinary for the theme of the hotel. At peak times the once single bar for the whole pool area had 15-20 minute lines.
I stayed here on an off-night and it was only around 40 bucks. Loved the room we had with the view and the hot tub. Both the exterior and interior of this hotel/casino are really cool looking. Criss Angel's show is here and it's a fun one to watch. No real complaints.
I enjoyed my stay at the iconic pyramid! I would stay there again.  They provide you with a lot of coupons to use during your stay, which is nice considering things aren't cheap in Las Vegas!. . The room was updated and very nice. The shower was incredibly large and that was much appreciated! BUT ... it could have used a shelving unit to hold soap and shampoo bottles other than the tiny soap dish attached to the tile.. . I liked how it was connected to Excalibur and Mandalay Bay both with internal walkways and an external free tram, giving you the ability to see and do a lot while staying out of the heat.  The elevators seem to be a bit rickety (the ones that worked anyway) but if you did that much work every day for that many years, I am sure you would be a bit rickety as well.. . There was an "odd" odor throughout the hotel.  I likened it to potentially their smoke removal/de-odorizing system?  But, I would rather have that than the thick poison-y/smoke-y plumes everywhere ... or a smoke-free casino would be outstanding!. . I didn't care for the ridiculous "fees" they hit you for at check-in.  But, I guess that it just an accepted practice for all hotels in the Las Vegas strip region.  (This was my first trip so I can't compare others.)  I was surprised with FREE parking!  That was a nice. (And apparently free valet as well.). . The Carrot Top show was my choice of entertainment for the week and it was hilarious!!  I recommend seeing him, indeed!. . Joining 'Mlife' is a good idea and a good way to earn points while dining, shopping and gambling your life away at any of the MGM company resorts throughout the country.
My favorite place to stay in Vegas!  Not like Vegas isn't fun enough all on its own!  We have been staying here for years.  At the quiet end of the strip so you don't have deal with mobs. I love the Egyptian decor, the cool center bar and indoor walkway to the Excalibur and Mandalay Bay. All and all it makes for more fun in the sun and a great vacation spot.
I stayed here for one night in August 2012, and after reading the reviews, I had no expectations, but I didn't had a bad experience at all. The check in was fast and their staff was friendly. We got a coupon booklet which included 2 free drinks. Their resort fee includes internet access, but they only have wired connection, which I really don't care since my laptop has an input. The rooms were clean and nice. The only disappointment for me was that their pool is only 3 ft deep. I would not mind staying at this hotel again.
OK, this is a perfectly fine stay especially when you can find a good deal, though I'd prefer a 3.5 option right about now.. . For starters, their rooms are always kept clean from moment of arrival to every evening after you come home.  Also, the housekeepers don't seem to move your things unlike other hotels, they merely straighten up the rest of the room and clean it.  The beds are comfortable and there is plenty of space to hang clothes, place luggage, and stretch out.  The hotel itself houses many good food options from sit down places like Tacos & Tequila to fast food joints like McDonald's and numerous Starbucks (yes in the same hotel).. The negative that we encountered about the room was that it never got cold enough; I like my environments frigid and this one never got better than cool.  In fact, the only two places in Vegas that can get cold are Casino floors and conference rooms; not even hotel rooms or restaurants get cold.  Also, it is far enough from the more modern & luxurious hotels, so be prepared to taxi or walk in the heat.
We just stayed at the Luxor in the East Tower for two nights. We had booked a room in the pyramid, but when we checked in the desk clerk explained that the only rooms left were directly above the nightclub, and we probably wouldn't get any sleep. The rooms are clean and comfortable with a tasteful Egyptian motif. There is a large bathtub and a separate shower, so both can be used at the same time if necessary. Flat panel television (not much of a channel selection, but that's par for Strip hotels - they want you downstairs playing). The lighted closets built into the television cabinet - which includes an in-room safe - were a nice touch.. . The main drawback is how spread out it is. The towers were added after the pyramid was built, and it shows. The path to the tower elevators is long and winding. There are also only two levels to the parking garage, and the bottom level is usually full - which means parking your car out in the summer sun, not fun when you're leaving.. . Every employee we met was friendly and helpful. We will definitely consider staying here again.
I've stayed at Luxor several times throughout the years and it never disappoints. The rooms are clean and decorated nicely. The tower rooms have standing showers with small windows that overlook a big bathtub. The noise level is fine, not super quiet, but nothing too distracting. The casino itself is also nice. Obviously it's Egyptian themed. There are two clubs in Luxor; Cathouse (more of a lounge) and LAX. When you're a guest at the hotel, you get in free, which is nice since covers are so pricey in Vegas. The Cathouse is one of my fave little go to spots . They have a few rooms and a hookah lounge inside. It's not a big super club, so you don't have to worry about balancing your drinks or finding a place to dance or even stand. The VIP areas are usually not sold out and you can usually grab a seat in one of the areas. The music is standard vegas - top 20. LAX is a bigger club, the clientele is 20 somethings, while Cathouse might be closer to 30 somethings. There's a food court in Luxor that consists of a McDonald's (always packed), a sandwich place, pizza and i think a wings place. There's also frozen yogurt and starbuck's downstairs. The location of the hotel is also cool. You can use the indoor walkways to get pretty far down the strip without having to melt in the 100+ heat. All in all, I'd definitely say you get bang for your buck at Luxor.
Spent the week with my family at Luxor and found the rooms clean and nicely arranged.  We were not able to try out the pool, but it looked refreshing.  We did see a show there, Chris Angel's Believe and it was enjoyable.  Cleaning staff was friendly and kept our room spotless despite the mess we leave it in due to my two toddlers reeking havoc. I gave it a 4 star because the time share people were on every corner of the hotel and kept pushing it on us whenever we were out an about.
For the Love of the Cosmic Universe people it's LAS VEGAS not "Vegas"....geeeze
No complaints- friendly staff, convenient location - make sure you use the gym as you are paying for it daily with daily $17 resort fee.  It is to be expected in Vegas - got a good rate on the rooms and the coupon book has some deals be sure you skim through it 1st day of check-in.  My first coupon usage was the 2 free drinks...lol.  Try to stay in the tower rooms as they are slightly larger although the pyramid rooms are closer to shops, casino, eateries, etc.  IT's VEGAS-BABY - no complaints!
I went here last march during Saint Patrick's Day Weekend and had an amazinggggggg time!. . Check-in was tedious as was expected for a Friday night. . Rooms were clean and spacious . . . especially for theprice we paid.. The staff was not very friendly . . . but maybe I just got them at a bad time.. . We stayed in the pyramid and didn't have a problem with noise . . and I'm a fairly light sleeper. I enjoyed the pyramid because it surrounded EVERYTHING in the middle of the hotel! You can walk outside of your room and see exactly what was going on. There are quite a few attractions within the pyramid which made it convenient to stay and wonder within our own hotel verses hiking up the strip to other attractions. . . I will definitely be staying here again . . . Especially if they keep sending me promotions.
I like the Luxor.  The rooms are decent and the staff is friendly. On several occasions while playing slots, the waitresses brought us two courtesy drinks at once even though the rule is one at a time.  If you like a party atmosphere, this is a good option. At  2am, there is still a good amount of people out and about and the casino still has a lively feel unlike Caesars Palace and Excalibur. . . They need more restaurant choices though. Their cafe no longer stays open 24 hours. The only late night place open is a deli/dsandwich shop that charges $4/soda.
I enjoyed my stay at the Luxor. The room was clean, nice and reasonably priced (find a deal if you can). The Hotel itself is beautiful and good gaming in the Casino. Great location, close to shopping  and other Hotels.  Club LAX was THE BEST. This is a great place to stay with friends or family (over 21). I will be back!
Clean hotel, friendly staff, good and fast customer service, decent club (LAX), buffet and in room dinning could be improved.
Loved this place when my then boyfriend took me there almost 10 years ago. Loved the hotel rooms and how they built the hallways.
A group of 10 of us stayed at Luxor last weekend to celebrate Hubby's 40th birthday. It was a surprise for hubby, which I have been planning for 2 years.  Hubby and I first walked through Luxor in 2001 while visiting Vegas and he always wanted to stay there.  When I booked the trip, I was glad we got a good rate on the room, but then I read all of the bad reviews on Yelp and I got really nervous.  I paid $320 for 3 nights, which included the resort fee and taxes.  Hubby and I would survive if the room was bad, but we had 8 friends joining us from all over the US and I did not want them to have a shitty hotel experience because I insisted we stay there.. . Our experience at Luxor surpassed all expectations.  Yes, it is an older hotel, out of the way on the Strip and not as nice as the newer Strip hotels, but we really liked this hotel.  We were able to check-in early soon after our flight landed at noon.  The elevator is really old, sounded like it would crash any minute and showed a lot of wear and tear, but our room was just 2 doors down from it and we never waited more than a couple of minutes for one, so no worries.  We stayed in the Pyramid Deluxe room,  which had a view of Mandalay Bay and we could see the airport.  The room was huge, really clean and tastefully decorated.  The bathroom was clean and the shower was a good size walk-in with excellent water pressure.  Everyone in our group said the beds were super comfortable and they all liked their rooms.  Our room did not smell like smoke as a lot of other Yelpers posted.. . Yes, we got harassed by the timeshare people, but we barely spent any time at the hotel, other than sleeping, so it was not that bad and if you just ignore them, they leave you alone.  Yes, they have the Ethernet cable and not wifi, but we only slept in our room and never needed to use the computer because we were enjoying Vegas.. . Our maid, Maria, took excellent care of our room ... with fresh towels and turn down service every day.  Hubby and friends hit the blackjack tables after midnight every night we returned to the hotel after hanging elsewhere on the Strip and had a little luck.  . . Would I stay here again ... yes, because the price is right and the hotel was pretty decent compared to our 2001 visit to Imperial Palace, which was a dump.  After visiting the other hotels, like Cosmopolitan and Bellagio, the crowd at Luxor is definitely more downscale, but the price at Luxor is really good and truly can't be beat.  I don't get the Yelp hate for this hotel because we had a really nice visit to Luxor and would recommend it to anyone.
Always fun getting lost in the pyramid. Great restaurants, gaming and entertainment.
I've been making an annual trip to Vegas for about the past 20 years (I keep trying to figure out what it is that "happens in Vegas"...so far, no idea :-).  I have been thru the Luxor previously, and had even briefly (uh-hum) seen the inside of one of their Pyramid Rooms until last week, when I actually stayed in one.  I will say that the rooms are "cool", with their sloping windows, huge atrium (that you walked across to get to/from the "inclinators" which are now just called "elevators").  My room had a view over the pool area, a comfortable bed, an older style wall a/c unit that kept my room comfortable, and a shower but no bathtub.  The shower was nice and big, but the bottles of shampoo, conditioner and shower gel kept sliding off the soap dish onto the floor, so I ended up just leaving them on the floor!. . All in all, I was satisfied with my room,even without a refridgerator in it!  However, in the morning, I was awaked to the sound of hammering and sawing taking place, apparently a couple of floors above the room I was staying in (on the 13th floor).  The construction noise persisted, so I called the front desk who were very accommodating and arranged for me to move to one of their tower rooms.  The tower room was great, had an awesome view of the Excaliber Hotel next door (I felt like I was living in a fairytale)!  I really liked how the Luxor is connected to Mandalay Bay to the South, and to Excaliber to the North, with moving walkways and various shops/restaurants/bars all along the way.  I got plenty of cardio in, and got to sample some alcohol at Minus 5, and some Krispy Kreme doughnuts an the food court area of Excalibur.  What shocked me the most was seeing the lines of people at McDonalds (in the Luxor & Excalibur)!  Really people, you go to Vegas and line up to eat at McDonalds???. . Anyway, the Luxor is a cool hotel, true it's not the newest hotel on the strip, but they are renovating the rooms in the Pyramid, and my room in the West Tower was great.  Only odd thing, the bathroom had a jacuzzi tub (which I was excited to try out), but I discovered that the hotel had disabled all of the jacuzzi tubs in the resort.  Nobody would tell me why, I'm guessing the reason might be "shocking"!
My recent trip to the Luxor was probably my best stay in Las Vegas to date. I stayed in a tower deluxe room in the East tower on the 18th floor that overlooked the strip. . . The room decor was updated, fresh and very adequate with a nice oversized bathroom - separate shower stall and large full bathtub. No smells, no noises, decent water pressure and comfortable bed made for a better than expected in-room experience. Outside, the monorail service and valet parking (free not including tips) were very convenient and quick. . . I found the inside decor and layout of the Luxor impressive - what do you expect inside a giant pyramid? How about some cool angles with center core access to everything. I found navigation pretty easy and straightforward - not always the case in Vegas. The Egyptian decor was eye-popping throughout and the lobby is spacious with staff helpful. Check-in was easy and included a coupon book for free drinks and discounts. The casino had no odors and was fresh throughout - including the sportsbook, which was a fun place to sit and watch Sunday afternoon NFL action.. . Certainly you will pay for such convenience at the bars, restaurants and even the food court inside the Luxor. Think shot and beer ($18 at Public House) and hoagie with chips/drink ($15 at food court). With a south-end strip location you have easy access to neighboring properties but be aware it's not the same experience as staying more central on the Strip where you can be on foot pretty much the whole time. Overall, I found the Luxor to be a more upscale and comfortable experience than some previous mid-strip or downtown experiences. . . The minor deductions - TV remote did not work (of course, I didn't find out until last day as I wasn't in the room much), and wired internet only (no Wi-Fi) - though on the plus side the wire was so long you could be on the bed and use a laptop. . . I would definitely stay at the Luxor again and the $80/night average I paid felt like a bargain. Weather was absolutely perfect for October in Vegas (80s day/50s at night). Take in some of the shows and perhaps the Titantic artifact self-guided tour - expensive but worth checking out. . . If you're not ROKKKIN', you're not Livin' - JMP
Just got home from a 5 night stay at Luxor.  Our room was clean and comfortable.  I wanted to steal the pillows they were so comfy {i found the info on them and have already ordered my own for home}.  All the hotel staff were friendly and helpful.  . . We had an interesting experience.  Our second night there we got back to our room after the night out and were watching TV.   About 20 minutes into our program the TV changed channels, the remote was on the night stand, untouched.  We thought strange but whatever. Two  nights later at about 4am I woke to a very loud dripping noise that was getting louder and louder.  It woke my husband as well so he got up to check it out.  When he got to the bathroom it suddenly stopped. So he got back in bed.  An hour later it happened again and again stopped when he went to check.  Then our last night the TV changed channels when the remote was on the night stand again.   So out of curiosity I decided to google if there were reported hauntings at the hotel.  Sure enough I found that there were a few deaths of workers doing construction  as well as a prostitute with AIDS who jumped to her death from the 26th floor, landing in what was the buffet only a few years after the hotel opened. This tragedy prompted the hotel to do a remodel and that area is now the food court. They say that she haunts the floor. Guess which floor we were on? 26! Room 26140 to be in fact.  Coincidence?  I cant explain why these things happened, we thought it was kind of cool!. . My only complaint is the plethora of time share sales people who HOUND you.  They entice you with cheap or free tickets to shows and events if you will go see some other hotel.  They ask for about 2 hours of you time but as I heard from someone else they take your entire day.  We did not fall for it but in the 6 days we were there, they bugged us well over 20 times.  It makes you want to not spend time with in the hotel.  My rating would have been a 5 star but since the hotel allows these people to solicit I took a star away because I find it a negative thing.. . I will say if you stay here do go to the Titanic exhibit, its awesome! And we saw Criss Angel, great show!
I don't understand why people have rated this hotel so poorly, it's great! Yes it's 15 years old and some of the furniture is a little worn, but the rooms are large, clean, and very comfortable. The staff was very friendly, housekeeping always asked if we needed anything, and we had a nice time. We had a standard king room in the pyramid, and I liked the fact that it had a large shower instead of a tub/ shower combo. Who takes baths at hotels anyways, blech! The pools were nice but get crowded quickly, so either go early or later! If you want a cheap place to stay on the strip that's clean stay here!
Just another casino really. Was nice, big, clean. Helpful staff.
Had a good time staying here.  It was a great value for what I paid!  I was here 2 nights, the casino was great.  Room was clean, cozy beds!  Had great buffet for a good price.  I will stay here again!
My boyfriend and I stayed here from the 1st to the 3rd of January. Weather in Vegas right now is quite cold, although not much far off from how it is for us in California. . When I first checked in to the hotel, I was pretty amazed by the structure and interior of the hotel. The Egyptian pyramid charm never gets old. . We came in from the back way because we parked in the back structure, and once we hit the casino area all you smell is smoke. However, I shouldn't complain since it is expected from most casinos. . We stayed in the West Tower and had a deluxe room with two queen beds. The room was very nice and clean. I assume we got to stay in one of the renovated rooms, because everything seemed good as new. We were notified that wifi has been recently available in this area of the hotel, so we didn't have to use an Ethernet port like the others. . Yes, the sheets on the bed were quite thin and the room gets cold, but you can easily adjust the temperature of the room to your liking since you'll have access to the air/heater. . They do charge an automatic $18 fee per day for having access to wifi, the gym, pool, 2 free drinks and a coupon book. . Yes, the walls are quite paper thin. I could hear people flushing toilets, and housekeepers vacuuming. I could also hear people's conversation if they were outside my door. . I am not a light sleeper though so I slept pretty good. Traffic noise didnt really bother me either.. . Two things worth seeing at the Luxor:. Fantasy (I have a review for that!), and Bodies : The Exhibition. . We saw Criss Angel too, but it wasn't that great.. . Overall I would stay at this hotel again. I assume the negative reviews are pertaining to the older rooms/ sections of the hotel. If you want to stay at the newly renovated rooms, try to go for the tower rooms.
I had a good experience there over the weekend.  The rooms were clean and the service was nice.  I had fun gambling there.  The rooms weren't that expensive.  My biggest complaint was that wifi wasn't available.
First stay at property and had a queen room in East tower. Comfortable bed, spacious living quarter, strip view (but too far South to see anything other than planes :-) Bathroom had huge soak-in tub and separate shower stall. Only down side was the long walk through 2 corridors to get to the elevator bank. Considering the towers are at the corner of the Pyramid it's not a deal breaker. Room was quiet, nothing coming from the gaming floor. Starbucks as soon as you hit the main floor. I valet so can't comment on parking garage but valet service was efficient and courteous. Property showing a little wear but the midweek discounted rates from M-life made it a good value stay on the strip.
I have to admit it....this place just screams Vegas and it's always fun to stop by and hand out here for a while when I'm in town.
IDKD WTF all the complaining is about im a princess at heart and i was thourghly impressed this pass Valentines day when i booked a room. Very clean, spacious, quiet, great view. I have to say this though, you get what you pay for and closed mouths dont get fed. I was going to be in a second floor room but i ASKED for a room with a view and i got a BOMB ASS room. it was was more then what i expected so much so i added an extra night . . AND!!! for the record i have stayed in almost every hotel on the stripe because i am a local and LUXOR is now in my top 5. now take that you fake as prices and pricesses that come to vegas pay 30 bucks for a room and expect a LOFT...lol
Ok ok I was spoiled! I had a huge room! Living room, dining room, bedroom, 2 bathrooms, amazing view of the pyramid, etc! The first night we were in a different room facing the airport and street. Watching the planes take off and land from our bed was cool, but then came all the sirens ALL night long! So that's when we asked for a new room and were upgrade to Heaven! The beds were very comfortable and our towels were like new. We were in the Tower. Quick elevators and close to check in/out. Starbucks was right downstairs after we exited the elevators which was perfect for B'fast. We had friends who were all staying at Luxor so we hardly left. We hung out at the Flight Bar, LAX, and ate at the Steakhouse (AMAZING!) most nights. We did the Titanic and Bodies Exhibits which were really neat. My honey and I had a great 5 night stay. Some of our friends stayed in the pyramid and were NOT happy with their rooms and elevators. I normally go to LV 4 times a year and stay at the Palazzo which I love. I'm not sure I'd stay again here, but we did have a great experience. I just need to be closer to the main action on the Strip! They do have a Wedding Chapel, but I would pick Mandalay Bay before Luxor :)
Yes the Luxor is in need of a make over, and they are in the process of renovating now. That being said the beds are comfortable, the rooms are spacious and the staff is attentive. If Yelp gave 1/2 starts I'd go 3.5 stars but for  hotel's in the middle tier (Luxor, Excalibur, Quad, Flamingo) the Luxor is at the top. . . Pros:. Staff is attentive and quick to resolve issues.. Fitness center  / spa is one of the better ones in Vegas hotels (free weights!). Rooms are fairly spacious.. Decent food nearby . . Cons:. Fixtures are somewhat dated. There are issues that the staff needed to resolve. The incredibly annoying time share people.. Wired internet.. . 3.5 stars
So I think I've finally figured out the deal with the sporadic Luxor ratings. It's very simple. Stay in the towers, the rooms are MUCH nicer than the pyramid. I've stayed in the towers twice now, once this week and once two years ago, and both times the rooms were plenty nice for the money. I'd say it's VERY good value for being on the strip.. . The buffet is OKAY for Breakfast, not sure I'd do it at any other time. But for Breakfast, it's competitively priced to other options near by. . . I think that's about it.
Looking at deals on Priceline it was between the Luxor and Excalibur. With recommendations from Marc M for the Luxor, we went with that and I'm glad we did.. . This place isn't going to be Caesar Palace or the Venetian, because you're not paying for Caesar's Palace or the Venetian. But if you're like me, you want a clean room to sleep and shower in, and not much else. Why? Because I'm in Vegas to drink, eat, shop, and gamble; not to sit in my room and admire the furniture.. . And that's what you get. Our room was just fine and bathroom was really nice. After being exhausted from walking up and down the Strip I bought episom salt and took a nice bath, the tub was super.. . We stayed in the tower because, if I heard right, the pyramid itself is smoking. Some reviews have complained about the walk to the towers but it really wasn't that bad. As fun as Vegas is, I'd prefer to have some distance from the casino anyway.. . Lines for check in can be long, even late at night when we arrived. But I have to give serious credit to the Luxor because we were a day late on our reservation due to a freak snow storm in Seattle. Even though we booked the hotel online there was no trouble refunding the night we didn't stay here. We did call as soon as our flight was canceled, and it worked in our favor. But I can see this generally being a problem with hotels and it wasn't at the Luxor.. . The Luxor is at the end of the Strip so you'll have to seriously walk, taxi or take the shuttle to get to the other side, but I didn't mind and I'll definitely stay here again.
I stayed at the Luxor a couple of times while visiting Vegas.  I like this place because it's affordable and it's right on the strip.  Definitely a good place with share a room with a friend or for family.
My husband and I stayed at the Luxor while in town for a friend's wedding. As what other reviewers have said, the biggest disadvantage is the location. If you want to be in the middle of the action of the strip around Planet Hollywood and Caesars Palace, you're gonna have to walk or take a cab. The lady at check in was very nice. She gave us a courtesy upgrade to a newer room that was not located right above the nightclub (which we ended up staying in the West Tower above the spa and salon). It was very quiet and had a nice view of Excalibur. . . If you're looking for a cheaper, average hotel Luxor was right on the money. It's definitely not as upscale as Caesars Palace or Bellagio, but not a bad stay at all while you're on a budget.
OK, for starters...  I have always wanted to stay at the Luxor since its construction.  It's a pyramid, for Chrissakes.  . . We really enjoyed our room.  It was kind of on a corner, so we had a large tub in a tiled area under the window/slanted pyramid wall.  The interior of the rooms wasn't overly Egyptian; just some hieroglyphics on the wardrobe and a large stone-type "artifact" on the wall.  Other than the slanted walls near the windows, it could have been a typical hotel room anywhere.  The room was very clean and had lots of storage space as well as plenty of furniture (couch, chairs, tables, extra sitting room).  . . The casino was always moderately busy, but I never had trouble finding a machine in the denomination I wanted (given I was there during the week, I wasn't surprised).   We did dislike Centro Bar and Helen, the incredibly crabby bartender who treated us like absolute dirt... and we were paying cash, not using a coupon.  Sorry we bothered you, Helen.  . . We ate at Rice & Company and absolutely loved our food.  He had the shrimp fried rice, and I had the ahi tuna salad and some salmon rolls.  Excellent quality and service.   . . We also were married at the Chapel at Luxor.  They have a variety of packages and were happy to accomodate us midweek (when they're not that booked).  It was incredibly easy coordinating the ceremony and my salon services at Nurture.  Thanks to Darcy, Thong, Laura, and Maria @ Nurture for your help making me look great!  :)
I don't see why the Luxor has such low ratings on here. The place is super inexpensive; great themed rooms, including pyramid shaped soap in the bathroom; awesome views from rooms (within the pyramid, at least, looking out across the desert making you feel like you're really in Egypt with the sphinx and obelisk); and cool things to do like Body World and good bars like Public House w/ their awesome staff. My room was done up sometimes twice a day, they gave me an extra hour to check out and the pool area (Oasis) is rad. I was there on a business trip, so I didn't get to have too crazy of a time. I would totally come back, understanding that I'm not getting all the ritzy-ness, just a good rate, clean amenities, and a great pool. Also, the Luxor is close to the airport, making going home a breeze. They also offer a coupon booklet to use within the hotel which includes flat-out free drinks as a welcome, some free shots if you buy a frozen drink and buy one, get one free drinks - who can beat that? Their pedestrian path from the Excalibur out across the New York New York and over to the MGM makes walking easy, as well. . If you want to save some of that $$ for more fun things, then I would say the Luxor is your best bet for on-strip board. However, if you're a hotel rat and just need your living space to be fab, then go somewhere pricier and bring some DVDs or something... Or just stay home.
This is probably my favorite casino in Vegas. The theme is so cool (Egyptian, obviously) and includes their neat wonka-vators" that take you up diagonally. Never feels loud or overcrowded here and easy to navigate around. Plenty of good restaurants here (though pricey) and I enjoyed their topless show, Fantasy.
I have stayed at the Luxor anytimes with my boyfriend. We actually love the hotel and the rooms. The rooms are amazing and meet my needs without a doubt. We could stay at the Venetian or another amazing hotel but we choose here. Don't get me wrong I also love staying at the Bellagio but I love the Luxor's atmosphere. The hotel is very nice and I honestly love everything about it expect I would choose to eat at a different hotel or somewhere else. The hotel rates for the rooms are very affordable and the room amazed me. My only disappointment was not being able to use the pool because we stayed when it was just going out of winter.
I have to admit I was a little nervous about staying at the Luxor. It looked nice online and had a very reasonable price, but I had heard bad reviews from friends who have stayed there. The one bit of advice I was given was to make sureour room was in the tower versus the pyramid. . . The day before we arrived I called to make sure we were booked to stay in the tower. We were not, but the lady said it was only $20 per night to upgrade. That seemed reasonable to me so I went ahead and paid the upgrade fee.. . Overall our stay at the Luxor was very pleasant. I would definitely stay here again. Our room was very nice and CLEAN!! Clean is the biggest issue for me so I was very happy. With our room we got two free drinks, special deals for Luxor shows, and free wired Internet access. The only downside was that the Luxor is not in the center of the strip. We didn't mind though. We liked the exercise of walking down the strip everyday. . . We stayed the last night of our vacation over at the Paris Hotel, but I wasn't impressed. I wish we would've just stayed the whole trip at the Luxor. The Luxor is good in my book.....
Great place to stay
We stayed here this past weekend and loved the hotel! It was our first time in this one though. We stayed in the towers and can not speak for the pyramid like other yelpers have.  Great room, very nice staff, and a great price.. . One thing to stay away from is those with the quick sale that will lead to a time share visit. But it's Vegas. This is not the only hotel with these people stopping you every 50ft.
We had a great time at the Luxor, but this was our first trip to Vegas and we've not tried other hotels on the strip so we don't really have means of comparison. However, we were just looking for a clean room with a comfortable bed and the Luxor did provide that (though the bed does seem to be nearing the end of it's useful life.) Word to the wise -- don't stay in the Pyramid -- if you stand in the casino, you can watch the smoke go up and settle in the top of the pyramid from where it proceeds to 'rain' down again, getting sucked into the walkways to rooms.  We stayed in the tower and our room was relatively smoke-free. We also got very comfortable chairs and a good-sized table. You could really have dinner in your room if you wanted.. . We really liked our bathroom. It was big, clean and had a nice magnification mirror for shaving/makeup/flossing.  There was a gigantic tub that we didn't use because it was so dry, but a little oil and a candle would have made a for some nice romance if we had wanted to go that route. The soap, shampoo and lotion was fantastic -- smelled  great and didn't bother my sensitive skin. The towels were so-so, not fluffy, not soft, not very big. I'm short and barely managed. The one thing we did not like was the lack of a full-length mirror. The wardrobes have mirrored fronts, but it is cut in half due to a thick wood border and you can't really see what you look like before a big night out.. . We really enjoyed our first night in the casino -- at about 5 or so the locals start showing up on weeknights, so it gets busy and buzzy even if you stay midweek. The drinks are small but very good and fairly constant. Their slot machines aren't as loose as they are at other casinos, but they are still fun to play. My partner played blackjack and walked away even after a few drinks. For about ten dollars or so we got   two drinks and about an hour and a half of amusement -- not bad in my book. (Tip -- if "Gabriel" is available as a Blackjack dealer and you like a smooth, unfancy but precise dealer, he's your man. We had a fantastic time at his table.). . The Luxor connects to both Mandalay Bay and Excalibur -- the crowd at the Excalibur reminds me a lot of Octoberfest at a bar frequented by grad-students. We didn't go to Mandalay Bay and we really didn't see people come in from over there either, so I can't comment. However, the connection to the Excalibur was nice as it gave us access to some cheap eats and allowed us to get through the strip fairly quickly without going outside into the dust-storm that happened one day. (Las Vegas is a desert -- this happens!). . I have three final thoughts that aren't exactly about the Luxor but apply none-the-less.. . * Vegas is not kid friendly, and I don't know why people take their kids there. If the pools are closed, like they were when we went due to inclement weather, there is nearly nothing for kids to do but run wild and get bored. Also, there is all kinds of questionable behavior happening right in front of everyone. While there might not be naked people, in some cases, it's as good as. There are barkers handing out cards with pictures of topless escorts at all times of the day and the dancers and cocktail waitresses go out with a coat over their costume on breaks. You have to walk through casinos to get anywhere in your hotel, so there is plenty to see that is not kid friendly. People swear and spit and piss in public. Leave the kids at home.. . *Regardless of your gender, get a facial before you go home. Casino air quality is variable, but generally pretty smoky and if there is a dust storm or inversion, outdoor air quality is equally bad. You will want this stuff sucked out of your pores. Fortunately, every Casino has an attached spa that offers both a ladies' and gents' facial service.. . *Watch your dealer carefully - if the game play is too fast, or the dealer seems aggravated by onlookers, or if they are constantly fiddling with their cards, get up, let a pit boss know that Dealer X is making you uncomfortable and go to a different table. Casinos know that you are there to have fun and play games, so they don't want you walking away unhappy/having a bad feeling.
Why do so many people dislike this place?. . My significant other, family and I stayed here this past January and it was very relaxing and comfortable. Now, is this place "trendy?" I think not. It will NEVER be a Cosmopolitan, Wynn, or Venetian, for that matter. And trust me, as a Vegas regular, I have been and even stayed at those hotels before.. . I mean, I can totally afford Cosmo at $700 a night, but would I? It's such a waste of $, and we're foodies, so we'd rather spend our money on food and entertainment.. . But the fact of the matter is, for $50 a night through Hotwire, this situation just didn't bother me. The price was just awesome.
Paid $90 to get a tower room on a Sunday night....72 base rate plus tax and $18 resort fee that included free internet, plus they gave us a booklet of coupons with FOUR free drinks, plus two more 2-for-1 drink coupons that could be used in the hotel.. . HIGHLY recommend staying in the tower, it's only $20 more and it's newer and much nicer. Accidentally took an elevator to the pyramid rooms and the hallways were shabby, the tower room was nice, had a big tub, glass shower, and was totally clean. . . Also, the check-in was much faster than at some of the other hotels I've been at...no wait at all...
I love this hotel! I try and stay here when I come to Vegas. The rooms are always nice and the pool area is huge. It is so nice to have restaurants on the top floor and the exhibits that are featured right now are awesome. I went to the Titanic exhibit and it was so cool how they got allot that stuff in there.. The only real complaint I have is the location on the strip. It is a little bit of a walk to the center of the strip.. I am even thinking about getting married in the chapel! It connects to Mandalay Bay top so you can check out the shark exhibit. Give it a chance and you will like it too.
I am more of a fan of the personnel of this hotel than the hotel itself.  We had a wi-fi problem and we were credited back our resort fee. Internet connection sucked, and they probably knew it.  They could have just said too bad, but apparently they have the discretion to reimburse bad service.  Thank you, Luxor.. . I had forgotten how nice the lobby is, lots of room and somewhat away from the smokey casino.  Easy check-in. . The room was very nice.  Nice tiled walls and bathroom, comfortable beds.  . Yes, it is a little ways to the strip, but glad it was on the opposite side of MGM.  Easy to catch the tram to Excalibur and then make your way north. Easy walk to Mandalay also.. I am glad it is located on the southwest end of the strip. Less crowded than the other side and strip area, yet easy to get to if so inclined.. . Elevators are kind of strange.  Noisy, probably because of the angle they travel to get you to your room.  Sounds like a wooden rollercoaster. Reminds me of the Wonkavator.. . Great restaurants and things to do here.  I can see myself staying here again.
Stayed there with our 2 kids this past weekend.  Had a great time. . . Not really the Luxor's fault but why is Starbucks not open until 8am.  Pain!
I like that parking is easy at the Luxor and they work with Hotwire to offer deeply discounted rooms. So far I have never failed to get a free upgrade on a room there, either. I also like how the gaming area is completely separate from the rooms and from the food court. Ihave not eaten at their buffet, but wish the all-day food pass was 24-hr instead of lasting only from the time you check in until the buffet closes.  I also would prefer that the whole pool be open, instead of one tiny little corner. Refrigerators in every room would be nice, too, and that would be an issue if I ever paid full price for the room, but one can hardly complain when the room is clean, spacious, well appointed, and ridiculously cheap.
Dear Luxor: I wish I knew how to quit you! This past weekend, my friends and I stayed at the Hard Rock, and it was TERRIBLE. We dropped a lot of money on a suite that wasn't worth it, experienced terrible customer service, and felt like we were ripped off of our time, money, and holiday weekend. The whole time, we kept wishing we would have stayed at our spa suite at the Luxor like we have been for years now (although we were told the jets aren't working). You may not be the fanciest hotel, but the staff is always friendly, the rooms are nice, and the atmosphere is fun, but not over the top or douchey. Plenty to do with the nice lounge downstairs, Tacos and Tequila, and the Body and Titanic exhibits. I can go to the shopping center and pick up some bubble bath at Lush, or just walk around the lobby....it's kinda quiet and calming! We plan on going back in July to celebrate our friend's birthday (and to re-do what happened this weekend), and we WILL be staying at Luxor. We hope you'll be good to us and deliver a fun, relaxing weekend as we have come to now expect. See you soon :)
Stayed here for a friends recent 30th birthday celebrations and I was surprised at how nice it was. Though I'm a fan of the Cosmo and Monte Carlo, I would definitely consider this place again.. . ROOMS: The rooms were updated. We had a suite that had a living area, a jacuzzi tub inside, and a nice updated bathroom. Because we were so high up, we got to look down over the casino. I'm afraid of heights so it was a little terrifying, especially since there isn't really anything but a small wall to keep you from climbing over. I wonder how many drunk people accidentally plummet to their demise?. . Because the hotel is in the shape of a pyramid, the elevators move in a diagonal. The rooms are set up that way, too. Because of this odd shape, there are weird pockets of empty space where furniture doesn't fit which I'm guessing was a interior decorating nightmare for the poor designers. Overall, the room was nice and clean and since it was non-smoking, smelled fresh the duration of the trip.. . POOL: This was nice and it's located near the parking structure. They provide towels and a lot of adult beverages at the pool. They aren't the cheapest ($30 for a bucket of 6 beers) and we went with the Shocktops which actually came in can form. I'm guessing it's because you can't have glass by the pool, but if you're a Bud drinker, the cans are aluminum so you're okay.. . The water is shallow and they have some pedestals in the middle where you can lounge or do as we did and rest your drinks on it. They have the VIP cabanas and pool for those people that think they are high rollers and plenty of lifeguards on deck in case you drown.. . PARKING: Super easy in an adjacent structure. You don't have to maneuver much through the casino to find the check-in area. They even have a motorcycle parking area if you're on two wheels. . . INTERNET: We could never connect, so if you're in need to do work, I would maybe try to find another spot in the hotel.. . If you can get a cheap rate, it's worth it. Especially if you're just going to be out on the town anyways.
First thing's first... parking here freaking sucks. I guess it doesn't help that I arrived at 1 AM, but it's not fun to walk from the end of the lot to check in when you're starving and have been on the road for 4 hours! . . Once inside, I was very surprised at the lack of smoke smell... it actually smelled... vanilla-like? I was definitely very pleased with that aspect of the hotel. . . Check-in was pretty quick, and the lady extended our check-out time by an hour for "courtesy".... personally, if my check in is at 3 PM and I'm getting in 10 hours later, I should get more than an hour! . . For me, the room did everything I needed it to do. A bed, bathroom, and shower. No fancy view, just one night and I'm out of there in the morning to head back home. . . As others mentioned, yes, some of the hotel needs a bit of updating but whaattevvver... I can live with that.. . Express check out on the iPad was nice and the 24 hours McDonalds was always convenient at 1 AM and at 9 AM. Would I stay here again? Yeah, probably... if it was quick.. . I personally didn't find it too convenient for the strip, but still a decent hotel for the price!
Great Clubs & Restaurants For The Visitor. . SITREP. . Every time I visit Vegas, I always find myself here for some reason.  Not that I ever stay in the Hotel.  But the Casino activity, the restaurants, and the clubs always keep me coming back.. . The Luxor Pyramid is one of the Strip's most distinctive buildings, so it's fun to pop over and check it out.  The interior decor & architecture inside is just as impressive as the architecture outside.  [I also get a kick going up & down on glass-walled elevators that let you see the entire inside Atrium.. . SETUP. . The onsiite clubs - LAX Club & Cathouse Boutique - have always been hopping when I've been there for events.  Several of my friends - including DJ Ernan - have done guest spots in the club there.  And it is always cool to get guest-listed, especially in a city that is NOT your hometown!. . RESTAURANTS & EATERIES. . And the restaurants are always delicious, though these last two times I've always been monopolized for dinner by Luxor's "T & T - Tacos & Tequila."  This was an awesome time that I shared with fellow Yelpers Chris & Tkiller.  Such a great time with great food.  [I found the cheese enchiladas to be exceptions, BTW!]. . CASINO. . Not a huge fan of the Casino set-up.  Very big and impersonal, and the main reason why I can't give a full 5-Star rating in this instance.  I would much rather go over to the Old School area of the North Strip & Old Vegas along Fremont Street and check out the Golden Gate Hotel & Casino.. . THE LOWDOWN. . A fun stop on the Vegas Tour.
I was nervous about staying here after reading the reviews but since the conference that we were there for was at Mandalay Bay it didn't make sense to stay further up strip. Yes the hotel is at the very end of the strip so if you want to be in the heart of the action this is not the hotel for you. . We were upgraded to a tower deluxe queen room (15th floor) and it was nice. It was clean and spacious. We also checked for Bed bugs (which I do at every hotel) and did not find any signs. The service we received was good, not stellar but good. Every night when we came home it was clean. We had no incidences of theft either. . As far as the casino, I'm not a big gambler but they were very available for the complimentary drinks. There was a old smoke smell to the place but not as bad as I had expected based on the reviews.. If you are going to stay on the end of the strip or looking for a deal the Luxor is a good place, but get a tower room!
Went to Vegas for a spur of the moment get away.  Got a great rate!  $37/night ( +$20 daily resort fee).. . Got a nice upgrade once we arrived.  So, we didn't end up in the Pyramid rooms.  I think those are the funky rooms that people mention when talking about diagonal elevators and angled walls in the rooms.. . We were in the East Tower and our room was perfect!  King Deluxe with oversized tub and large shower.. . Upon check in we also got a discount book with coupons and a $20 voucher to some Luxor restaurants.. . * We liked the tram that cut off some of the long trek up the strip.  It runs til 12:30AM.  Nicely air conditioned which is very helpful in 120 degree heat.. . * Pool - not overly crowded and we were able to get chairs no problem.  But, they do also offer a VIP pool where you pay $10-15/day for entry.  And then they have cabanas and other features as well.  I was bummed that there weren't any slides or fun features.... What they should tell you... you can not bring any outside alcohol to the pool area.  I didn't think that would include my 48oz pina colada boot that I bought inside Luxor!?!  So, we had to finish our drinks before we could go by the pool.  Duh...  the point was that I wanted to enjoy my pina colada pool side :-(. . * we did stop to talk to the time share people and I think we're not going to regret it ;-/. . for $124 deposit, we have 1 year to come back for a 4 day, 3 night stay at either Luxor or Excalibur.  At that time we'll get back our $124.  So, the room is free!  ya, ya... we'll be picked up by them to go to a time share presentation and breakfast.  But hey... free room :-)  I'll update this review after our return trip!
Tower Rooms are great pyramid rooms not so great.
After staying at the Luxor for 3 nights, it has become quite clear to me that a lot, not all, but a lot of people who have posted bad reviews did NOT read the reviews for themselves and prepare appropriately.  They just booked a hotel, didn't try to learn from the information provided by other reviewers, didn't read the fine print or ask about "any additional fees," and didn't call the hotel and ask "what will be my total due at check-out with all applicable taxes and fees?"  I imagine that most of the dissatisfied reviewers simply did not do their due diligence & research before choosing a hotel.. . That said, I'm a planner...in addition to being cheap.  And Luxor had one of the best rates on the strip.  And I wanted to experience the architecture by staying in the pyramid.  Now granted, we were at the south end of the strip, but between Luxor, Mandalay Bay, Excalibur, New York-New York and the MGM Grand, my friends had and I had one hell of a time in Vegas.  . . THE RATE:  The best rate you will ever get for an MGM property, including Luxor, will not come from Travelocity, Kayak, Vegas.com or even Luxor's own website.  No.  If you're interested in staying at an MGM property, from the most affordable Excalibur to the high-end Aria, you want to start by becoming an "M-Life" member.  This is MGM's loyalty, comps & rewards program, and it is FREE to join.  I originally booked directly through Luxor's website and got a rate of $40/night with a $30 food & beverage credit.  I READ THE REVIEWS HERE about the extra $18-20 daily resort fee and anticipated that my total for the stay was going to be about $200 for my THREE night stay which I was okay with.  Then I figured, since I'm going to stay at an MGM property, I should look into their Mlife program.  After joining, I saw that you could book a room directly through the program and found a rate for Luxor for $29 per night!!!  Since MGM properties let you cancel with no fees or penalties, and as long as you are not within 48 hours of arrival, I canceled my old reservation and booked through Mlife.  My new total for the trip, after all taxes & fees, was now $160!!!  Now...there was no food & beverage credit with the new rate (but keep reading below about the coupon book), and you might think it would be a wash since the $11 per night that I'm saving would work out to $33 total.  But keep in mind that now I would saving a bit more money because now I'm only paying taxes on $29 per night as oppose to $40 - and those savings come out to about the cost of a drink at the hotel bar.. . CHECK IN:  Being the planner that I am and having read the reviews, I saw that everyone was talking about how hot their hotel room was because it's 105-110 degrees outside...... . I WROTE A REALLY LONG REVIEW WHICH I WILL NOT CONDENSE.  PLEASE VISIT MY BLOG TO GET THE FULL REVIEW:  . . http://markaprior.wordpress.com/2013/07/20/it-cant-be-all-politics/
Very satisfied.  Try to stay in the renovated section of the hotel.  If you play your cards right you will have a great time at the Luxor!
Well I will preface this by saying that I am GLAD that I changed my reservations from the LVH (Groupon deal) to here.... . Super fast check in, and they let us check in early for free, 11am.... . Our room was facing the pool from the 12th floor of the pyramid... Nice and VERY CLEAN room. As being a bug-a-phobe, I IMMEDIATELY pulled the sheets and the mattress looking for bedbugs.... . Low and behold... NOTHING!!!. . The shower was very nice, big spacious closet with about 8 additional hangars. The iron and ironing board worked well. Didn't use the TV since the GF and I were there for pleasure and not be stuck in our room all-day, despite the 108 degree weather. . . The only thing that REALLY PISSED ME OFF was when we went to the concierge desk and inquired about bringing our Fat Tuesday drinks on the pool deck, they informed us that only the drinks from T&T and Evening Call (with their logo on it) were allowed on the pool deck. OUr Fat Tuesday drinks were empty so we went to T&T and got one of their Yards to bring to the pool with us. So we get to the pool entrance and were told that those drinks are not allowed on the pool deck... WTF!?! We go storming to the same concierge that misguided us and demanded an explanation and that he told us we were allowed to take them there and that is the reason why we went to spend another $20 on a tasty beverage. After several phone calls and manager inquiries they said it was up to security as to whether we could go in with it or not. Security gave the big NO and that was that. We expressed our anger and frustration and were not given any apology or comp or anything. I think that is the only thing holding me back from a 5-star. We didn't eat at the buffet there (they are full of poisons) nor did we see any shows there. . . I would definitely stay there again in the future, but next time I will stay closer to the central core of the Strip since most of our time was spent at the Venus Pool Club and Pure at Caesars Palace, an hour + walking in each direction, and in 108 degree weather, not so fun.... . All in all a good experience
For some reason I like the Luxor more so then other casinos.. I find the design cool, the slot selection is decent.. doesn't seem like your typical casino when you enter this place has a different kind of vibe. You can connect to the mall at Mandalay Bay and use the monorail to get between all 3 properties (Mandalay Bay, Luxor and Excalibur) All around a great casino and worth checking out if your visiting Vegas.
I stayed here years ago, when the hotel was new. The main hotel floor in the pyramid was under reconstruction (rumor had it that the foundation was sinking) and the noise of the jackhammers got so noisy that we felt compelled to complain to the front desk to see what could be done. We got moved to one of the newly completed towers and were given a discount for our next stay. That was good enough to get me back. . Our next trip was peaceful. I fell in love withthe 3 swimming pools and could only be dragged away to eat at their fantastic buffet or to gamble a little (enough to try and win my money for the buffet). . My mom and brother were blown away by the inclinators (elevators that go up at the same angle of the pyramid). We also love the Egyptian decor and the gigantic statues in the entrance. . Scared of heights, both stays in the pyramid, I was scared to death by the hallway to our room, considering the rail is only about 3 feet high and overlooks the casino floor, (in our case, 20 floors down). Not that it deterred me. I just made my way to my room, inching along the walls. I probably looked crazy, but most people in Vegas end up doing something crazy, hence the phrase "What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. . The hotel has a video arcade and IMAX theater, for people who don't gamble or bring their kids along with them to Vegas. I found myself in the IMAX one evening, too hungover to go out. We watched a documentary on Mt. Everest. Man! That "Hike" would be even scarier than our hotel hallways! ha ha . When I was here last Club" LAX" was called "Ra!" It's huge and their dj's play the most current music. They have a dress code, so gents - don't wear sneakers. I was in love with the cool cobra faucets in the bathroom. . The location of the hotel is pretty good. You have the Mandalay Bay next door, which houses concerts and boxing matches as well as a the monorail. It goes from the Mandalay Bay to the Excalibur (passing the Luxor). You then cross the overpass to the MGM and it'll take you all the way to the other end of the strip, to the Sahara). . All in all, I would totally stay here again. Not just for nostalgic reasons, but because of its uniqueness.
Love the Luxor but let's update the to WiFi please.
I'm actually a fan of Luxor. It's not the best casino on the strip, but it's got amazing prices and I love the sideways elevators. . . Oh also the Chonga Bar on the second level has amazingly priced refills on their drinks (Score!).
friends and I just stayed here at luxor and were impressed. read the reviews here and was a little hesitant to stay based on reviews but the bad reviews are false. great hotel with a few drawbacks but overall good hotel to stay at. the more buffet at dinner is awesome- a seafood lovers dream. now for the rooms and stuff... the elevator or inclinator is a ride in itself but it adds to the flavor and charm of the hotel. our room was a pyramid room on 17th floor. room was clean a little small but heck who stays in the room in vegas right? bathroom was nice but shower water pressure was low the whole stay. maid staff was helpful and attentive and aren't thieves like previous posters will make you believe.  long lines at checkout but use express checkout which is offered and it makes it a breeze. also friendly concierge will print your boarding passes for you for free for your flight home.  . Great prices a food and beverage credit and friendly staff... good job luxor..you proved all the naysayers on here and bad reviewers wrong.
I have stayed at the Luxor twice now, once in a pyramid room and most recently in a tower room. I'm going to review for my recent visit, since it's been a few years.. . It's cheap, but without being Excalibur cheap. The check in was fairly fast, and even though they had messed up our reservation, the woman checking us in fixed it without any hassle. The tower room was great, with a separate tub and enough space to stretch out. The bed was AWESOME and I love a hotel not afraid you give you a ton of pillows! The AC worked well...a little too well in my opinion but I probably should have adjusted the thermostat. . . The Aurora bar that's right next to check in was great. I don't remember who are bartender was, but he was very pleasant and made a great Manhattan! . . The casino is a little small, but it's a good place to play before going out for a little bit. It's also an easy walk to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur. . . Overall, we had a great time there and I would definitely stay there again.
This place is interesting but difficult to navigate until you know where the elevators are because different elevators have access to different floors so if you don't know where the elevator you need is, then you'll be walking around in pretty big circles looking for it, which might be the point because the interior of the pyramid hotel is the casino, different exhibitions and the like. . . If I go back to Las Vegas I'll probably not stay there again but not because I didn't like it. I would just prefer to a new experience since so many of the hotels have their own theme. It's OK, it's all MGM anyway, right?
I've stayed at the Luxor three times. I'll be honest, the first time I stayed there was because of price. It was affordable, and I didn't have a lot of money to spend. I knew there were some poor reviews online, but I hoped that the people were overreacting. As it turns out, they were. The hotel was really nice. The whole place is cool, from the structure itself to the food to the shows. It's good. Carrot Top is awesome. Fantasy was really good. I think this place is worth the shot, especially if you're coming in the heat of the summer because between it, Mandalay Bay, and Excalibur, which are all connected, you can have a really good time and never even have to go outside or catch a cab. . . On my next Las Vegas trip, I will be staying at a different hotel. The only reason why is because I'd like to experience a different hotel, possibly try out Fremont Street for more than just a few hours.
I stayed at the Luxor for the 1st time from 9/6-9/8, and it was the 7th hotel I've stayed at in Las Vegas.  . . By price point, Luxor would be considered a lower-end hotel on the main Las Vegas strip.  There are two main casino owners on the Strip; Caesars, which owns 5 or 6 properties, and MGM, which owns a similiar amount.  The benefit to these is you can play with your players card at a property and receive discount and comp room offers at their related properties, so always keep that in mind.. . I stayed in a Pyramid tower room, which are the properties older rooms.  You can tell based on the radiator how old it is, lol.  However, it was clean and looked rather modern.  Thewindows were at a 45 degree angle, which makes sense, since it is a pyramid.  Luxor does offer a seperate tower with regular type rooms. The slanted wall does make for a smaller room, but you still get two queen beds, a beautiful bathroom and a shower.  The shower is big, but there is no tub.  The casino provides individual mini bottles of conditioning-shampoo, body wash, and moisturizer.  My room was on the 27th floor facing the strip; at night, I could see Planet Hollywood in the distance through Excalibur  It is really beautiful.  The entrance to the room in via the inside of the casino, and you can see 27 floors down. It is kind of cool, although it does seem mildly dangerous if you are tall, clumsy / and or drunk.. . The casino itself is spacious, offers a good number of slot machines and games.  I did find the dealers at the craps table to not pay attention to me, which annoys me, because I had a great experience up the Strip at another casino unrelated to them - it looks like little Italy on the inside.  And I lost money at both, so it has nothing to do with that.  It is connected to Mandalay Bay via the Mandalay Bay shops, which are very nice.. . The pools are beautiful.  It offers 4 pools.  There was a gay event both days (they have a gay event normally on Sundays), but there was plenty of room for gay and straights alike, and if the straights were uncomfortable, there were 3 other pools. The pool area had food, drinks, and a little shop with sunscreen, water, etc.  And you were able to charge to your room.. . The biggest negative is it is at the end of the strip, so I think it is a little less busy.  Friday and Saturday night in the middle of the strip is very busy, exciting for gaming; at the end, a little less.  Its not dead, but it took awhile to pick up. Its also far -- 1.1 or 1.2 miles from Aria and even further to Mirage.  These are MGM properties, related to Luxor, that's why I named them.  .. So it's a walk.  When its 100 degrees out, that's far.  However, a cab ride to Flamingo was $11.  Not terrible. . . From the airport, by the way, its $18 to Luxor.. . My biggest problem is the resort fee.  The rate for Friday 9/6 was $75 and Saturday 9/7 was $96.  This included a 30% reduction because of the player's card.  With taxes and fees, the total was $171. However, all the resorts (not just Luxor) have added a "resort fee" which they add at the time of check-in.  Luxor was $18/night; i think the "higher end" properties were $20-$30/night.  The competition does it too.  I don't entirely understand it; its so you can use the pool (although I had to pay for an event at the pool), get bottles of water, and the newspaper.  Its a general complaint; just put those in the price of the room.. . Also, they gave you a booklet worth "$800" of discounts, but it was "buy 1 get 1" etc, or $20 off with two people a meal.  Which is fine, but I did travel alone, so it was no good to me.. . The front desk and bell service were all very friendly and helpful.  Checkout was easy on the TV.  I used a debit card, so it did "double charge" for 3 days (the hold and then the actual room charges), but if fell off on the 3rd day after I checked out. . . Overall - I'd stay again.  I've stayed in 7 properties -- from Imperial Palace to Caesars Palace to Wynn -- and this was perfect.
I was nervous about staying here after the bad reviews I had read. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the Luxor. It was good value for the price. Certainly not fancy, but by no means dingy. It's an older hotel, yes, but our room in the pyramid was clean and comfortable. One nice thing - the music in the lobby blares on Friday and Saturday nights, and I was nervous I'd have to call and have our room switched. However, as soon as we closed our door, we couldn't hear it at all (and our room overlooked the lobby directly).. . Overall, I would definitely stay here again.
Stayed in a Pyramid deluxe king room on lower floor... It was BASIC, no frills, no wireless internet service (although we were told that connection could be made in the tower rooms & center of pyramid). The shower tiles were dated & carpets seemed a bit worn. There seemed to have been a flood in the bathroom as the door was warped and "crunched" at its base. On the bright side, the air freshener dissipated the outside cigarette smoke & any other odors.  The bed was comfortable and we awoke feeling refreshed to a new day/night of gambling or gourmet dining.. . This was our first time staying at the Luxor, although we've been to LV many times & stayed on the Strip. Luxor seemed less "crazy" than the other larger resorts, even with its Egyptian theme. Most of the crowd seemed like they prefer the new City Center and further north. We liked its location because it was central to Mandalay Bay & New York New York.
We arrived at the Luxor after traveling in the day after our wedding.  We barely made it through the front doors before being bombarded with a friendly woman in a uniform welcoming us and asking us if we were celebrating anything special.  We said yes, we were celebrating our honeymoon.  She proceeded to ask us if we would like free show tickets, and we make the mistake of saying yes!  It was 8pm, we were a little blinded by the lights of the strip, and maybe still a bit in a surreal state of "oh, hey, we're married now!"  We picked out which show we'd like to see, and then, of course the old bait and switch...oh great, now you'll just have to sit through a time-share presentation.  We, for whatever reason, paid the $50 deposit, and decided to do it.  Luckily, by the next morning we'd come to our senses and decided we didn't want to waste Vegas time by listening to a dumb presentation, and those people (who, by the way, are NOT actually affiliated with Luxor) were easygoing and gave us our deposit back.. . When we went to check in, it was confirmed that we'd reserved a Pyramid Deluxe room.  The concierge asked us if a smoking room was ok.  Neither of us smoke nor do we like the smell of it, so we weren't about to give ourselves migraines by smelling it all weekend.  He then offered us an upgrade to a Tower Deluxe room, but when we were hesitant to accept, he asked us if we wanted to stay in the Pyramid.  when we said we did, he offered us a free upgrade to a Pyramid Suite, complete with a card-table area and a soaking tub!. . I enjoyed the hotel.  It's not brand new, it's not world class, but it is clean and comfortable (and we really did enjoy the soaking tub!)  Even though our suite was right next to the elevator, we never heard it.  Two beefs I had with the room: the air conditioner leaked, leaving a wet spot on the floor and the toilet was weirdly oblong...so if you stay here, make sure you throw your toilet paper toward the back, otherwise it will get stuck in the front...annoying!!. . The pool was nice enough.  I was sad that it rained most of our honeymoon (we're from Oregon...we get plenty of that stuff) and irritated that the pool closed when there were just sprinkles.  'Cause we wouldn't want guests getting wet when they were swimming, right?  That said, I do think I would have enjoyed it more if it were warmer out.. . I really loved the layout of the whole hotel.  It was easier to navigate than most Vegas hotel/casinos.  The rooms line the outer walls, and the inner area is called the Atrium, with the casino, multiple restaurants, a fast food food court, and auditoriums for the shows.  Plus shops, and the Titanic and Bodies exhibits.  Plenty to do!  Husband and I remarked that we probably could have made an entire vacation just out of the Luxor and the adjoining Mandalay Bay and The Excalibur.. . I would go back!  It was comfortable, had a cool theme, and relatively affordable!
Over all i love the luxor.  The rooms are nice and reasonably priced. The only thing bad I have to say is they need to clean the elevators.  If you have a decor that requires polishing,  then you had better do it and not let it look grimy and disgusting.
I don't know what all the bad reviews are for. We have stayed at the Luxor quite a few times now, we just returned and were happy as usual. I was comped two free nights in a tower room in the west tower. We didn't have much of a view but I didn't care, we aren't there to sit in our room anyway.. . The check in area is NOT confusing at all. As far as the elevators in the pyramid go, they are shaky because they are older. The elevators are in fine working condition, if they weren't then they wouldn't be using them. . . The staff was very friendly to us and were very helpful. The maids were pleasant and did a great job of cleaning our room. The beds were comfortable, pillows were amazing, and the bathroom was nice. . . As far as the casino, it's not one of the largest but it's still nice. There are plenty of slots, there's a high limit area, and there are plenty of tables. The property has two Starbucks which was very convenient.. . . Thank you for a great stay Luxor!
I know that there is a couple towers in this hotel. Not sure which tower we were in but I loved the room ... the bathroom was really nice as well. The casino floor was nice too ... and it is connected tothe mandalay bay as well as excalibur. I really enjoyed sun bathing and baking at the pool! Good stay!
I would put this is a little nicer than Caesar's/Bally/Flamingo; about like Mirage; not as fine as Bellagio/Venetian. Excellent service, abundance of  staff (the opposite of Flamingo). 3.5 hotel rating.. . My room was 25th floor on the pyramid. Nice, fascinating view to look down inside as well as out hotel window.. . Tip: note tram from Mandalay to Luxor to Excalibur, another from Monte Carlo to Bellagio, another from Mirage to T.I., all free, vs. the monorail for the east side of the strip. Tip: read the coupon book; 2 or 3 coupons really matter. One is for the Excalibur basement arcade next door; break a $100 and get 2 more free coupons.. . The Fascist "Las Vegas resort fee" (charged at all Strip hotels, I'm told, but amount varies between hotels) - $20.
Note that this review is for rooms in the West Tower.  This is my second trip to the Luxor and I have yet to stay in the Pyramid.. . Your really can't beat the Luxor for price and value on the Strip. We're currently staying over Labor Day weekend and the Strip is backed and yet we still got $50 weekdays and $100 weekend nights.  They ran out if Kings and upgraded us to the Tower for free. I've heard the towers are about 15 years newer so the accommodations are still really nice. The bathroom is nice with a separate bathtub and shower. The bed and pillows are extremely comfortable.  The windows are floor to ceiling and we had a reasonable view of Excalibur and the Luxor.. . Other negative comments I've read in other reviews are lacking from our visit:. . 1) Checkin took only five minutes. 2) Rooms are in good repair (see above). 3) Service is great. Both the valet and the bell hops were extremely quick.. 4) During both visits no one has tried to sell me a timeshare.. . We also enjoyed the Steakhouse, Criss Angel, LAX and the Titanic Experience during our visits.  Not many hotels can have such a great assortment of activities under one roof. We're looking forward to seeing Bodies tomorrow.. . When I stayed a couple of months back I was upgraded to a Suite in the West Tower. It was a beautiful room with a similar look but naturally much bigger.  Unfortunately I arrived late and only stayed for a night so I didn't quite get the Hangover experience.
We chose the Luxor because of its proximity to the 2013 Rock n Roll start line. Not that we weren't intrigued by the Luxor before, but the nightly rate and the fact that it was steps from the start line definitely were added bonuses.. . They really don't have signage that will direct you to registration parking, so we had to ask one of the overworked valets, who directed us to the 15-minute parking along the side of the road. It's handy to have, but it was pretty busy when we got there, so I'm not sure how they handle overflow.. . The check-in line was pretty intense. There was a good group of people in front of us, and there were only a handful of people working the front desk. Still, it seemed like the wait wasn't as bad as it seemed it'd be, and we were at the front in no time.. . The check-in process was painful. I'm not sure if the guy we were working with was new, but he sure acted that way. He was confused by our request to charge everything to a card that was different from what they had on file. He kept making jokes about the free beer that we would be getting at the end of the half marathon. He kept asking the same questions over and over again (one of my pet peeves - if I've already answered you, I really do not want to have to repeat myself.). . He walked away halfway through our registration, without so much as an, "Excuse me, I'll be right back" or any kind of verbal indication of what he was doing. He just kind of moseyed off, and then moseyed right back after two or three minutes. When he came back, he said, "So...did you want to add in a password?". . My husband and I responded with our very best *cricket, cricket* expressions. He returned in kind. After a beat or two of us looking as confused as he seemed to be, we finally said, "What's the password for?" To which he replied, "For the key" and I just *know* he wanted to add in a "Duh!" at the end.. . Once we finally squared that away, he thanked us for coming and tried to shoo us along. Without our keys. They were sitting on the desk, right in front of him. Yet, he didn't hand them to us. I pointed that out, and after a couple seconds of blinking, he handed them over, and told us which elevators to use to get to our floor. I then asked him how to get to the elevators from self-parking. He replied, "It'll be obvious.". . Too bad it wasn't.. . Anyway, the rest of our stay was great. The room was clean and spacious, if a little worn down.  The patch jobs on the walls were obvious and some wall pieces - especially in the bathroom - were starting to peel away. One of the bedside lamps didn't work, but there was more than enough light in the room to cover for that. The TV seemed a bit old and didn't immediately respond to the remote, but we only had it on for the briefest of moments. . . The views of the hotel lobby from the floors above are pretty awesome. There's a particular feeling up there - kind of an auditory removal - that can be a bit disorienting. It's almost like you're in a sound-proof room, which is kind of cool. And, being up that high, you can see the tippy tops of the "buildings" within the lobby. I thought that was pretty nifty.. . Parking was a breeze, and it was easy to maneuver our way through the casino to get to the elevators, once we figured it all out ("obvious" my eye). The people we encountered out on the floor were all helpful and friendly, without being too intrusive.. . About the only thing I'd say is that some of the interiors could maybe use a little attention. There were a few elevators that had things torn away, and it made it look a bit junky. Oh, and the elevators can get crowded very quickly, and when there's a lot of people in there, it can get stuffy. It's amazing how hot it can get in just a few minutes. Turning on the air in the elevators would help a ton.
A girlfriend of mine had a comped room so we spent a couple of nights here. I had low expectations as Luxor receives such overall low ratings on yelp. But I really thought the hotel was a good buy.. . Rooms are generally inexpensive here. We stayed in the East Tower and I had zero complaints about our room! The one and only thing I didn't like about this hotel is that it's a terribly long walk to the rooms. The corridor to get to the elevator feels like a lifetime in heels.
Pleasantly surprised! Can always find a really good deal, rooms are nicely appointed and clean (esp tower rooms), free self parking and the hotel and casino always smell amazing. They've got some sort of air freshener pimping through the vents and it smells so great!!!!
I don't think this place is that bad. If you want luxury, you should know better than to stay here. What I am looking for is a clean, safe and comfortable place where I can rest and keep my belonging while I go out and enjoy my time away from work.. . My only complaints... the bed was a little bit hard for my liking. However, we were tired both nights so once I actually laid down to sleep, this was a non issue. Also, the walls are a little thin, but I feel like this is the case in most hotels-- it didn't keep us from sleeping or wake us up, but I could hear things in the morning; mostly the maid singing while she cleaned the room next door.. . What I liked-- The price was right, the room was clean, everything was as expected. I like that it's connected to a few other hotel/casinos so that you can explore without going out. Yes, it's at the south end of The Strip, but we love to walk. My FitBit said that in the 45 hours we were in Vegas, we walked nearly 27 miles! . . I would definitely stay here again; Excalibur and Mandalay Bay seemed nice enough, too. However, I would definitely price check other options, too, because there are a lot of places to stay on The Strip! You never know when you'll find a good deal.
Titanic exhibit was just fantastic,  if you check in on yelp the audio tour was also offered !! . Just outstanding exhibit, from the boarding pass you receive at the beginning to the artifacts you see and all the information you gain throughout the tour! . . 10 out of 10 !! . . The Luxor building itself is pretty cool from an engineering perspective, just awesome to look at inside and out. Did not stay here, so no comment on hotel.
Back in like middle school when I heard about people visiting Vegas, the Luxor was the "it" place to stay. Now that I'm older and have had my fair share of hotel stays...this place is no longer the place to be given its competitors. Vegas has upgraded substantially and this place is very outdated given the overall strips updates/facelifts. This might be one of the reasons why it was pretty empty, both day and night. It was just a place to sleep so it wasn't too big of a concern. The shower leaked onto the actual bathroom tile...not sure how that happened. Beds weren't all that great, linens are kind of thin and AC wasn't that powerful. Front desk was friendly when we added an additional night to our stay, but didn't encounter the staff much.
More like a 4.5 stars. . We found a great deal on orbitz and stayed there. We were impressed! The design is awesome, we got a room in the tower, but taking the elevator in luxor was too good. The room service / valet guys were also nice and polite. We had to check-in late due to a medical thing and they were more than happy to accommodate us. . . Theyhad given some coupons for breakfast but we did not use them, but they have a starbucks downstairs which was pretty cool.Room service is very expensive (like 9$ for a bagel!) - so the coupons they gave us were not useful at all. . The rooms/bathrooms were clean.
